35520f68c1f6d8ebe901582cb226b094
put up a 5:19 on the mile and a possible 2:19 on the 800   if only <propfirst> knew how to time us right   that's edgewood education for you 
happy earth day everyone!! feel free to burn down a local <propmale> near you!  smile 
lol a local <propmale> near you??? wow that was dumb haha 
"what can you do in 5 surprise 9?  i'll tell you what i can do, i can run a mile   new personal record!!"
this is me changing my status 
track meet tomorrow at <propmale>   it's going to be a beat down but i'm only racing myself   gotta get under 5 minutes within two weeks 
ran a 5:16 mile and an 11 smile 8 two mile   pretty crappy times   getting nervous and i don't want this season to end so soon 
in kettering for the weekend   college on the brain as well as graduation party   i never wanted to grow up lol
no school tomorrow but i'm working for 14 hours  sad 
can't stop cleaning!
i'm broke!! in about 2 days lol
girlfriend + meet + ironman 2 = no time for math!!!! geez mrs  j get off our backs lol 
just got back from a wonderful day of track practice   two days till i break 5  smile 
new personal record!! guess who broke 5 minutes on the mile today?  not me!  lol it's sad but i have one meet left   bring it   new pr is 5 surprise 5 8
talkin to <propfemale> bout dreams   pretty interesting   meet possibly tomorrow   we'll see 
fixed to set a new personal record friday   today was a waste   no running today = out of shape!
i run my last high school race tomorrow   give it my all and leave nothing behind    except all the other runners haha
i ended up not running again!  so tonight i will for sure run lol 
ugh i never knew a 4:58 1600m would hurt this bad    new pr for life 
if you wanna know how to break a 5 <propfemale> 1600m then i suggest you ask coach <propfirst> lambertson lol
must clean   must be motivated   lol crap 
finished my first day ever of working   not too bad although i did pass out as soon as i stepped in the door   thanks to all who came to my graduation party this past saturday   mom couldn't of done a better job   everyone who came is very special to me and have helped me with my journey through high school 
"to all who have my number annoyed i got a new phone and i don't have any <propfirst> on it   so if you do have my number please text it to me  smile  thank you thank you"
finished my third day of hell   i only 5 hours today because of the rain but today was by far the worst   mowing hills is not fun at all 
today i found out that thurs  are the worst work days at lunne's   oh well whatever brings home the bacon right? lol not with the pay i'm gettin hahaha 
one more day of work   and then on to monday!
another day another dollar
touchdown jesus is dead   can it be?  is zeus really that pissed? lol
everyone start calling me kev!!!!!!!!!  it'll drive <propfemale> crazy!!!!
one more day of work! and then a two day vacation! ahh the exciting life of an adult 
really really bored   text or chat?
off of work for now 
finally posted my pics of graduation
work is cancelled for the day  smile  thank you thunda
omg it might rain and thunderstorm all week!!!!!  thank you zeus
it's thunderstorming! i don't have to go to work till 10  smile   more and more people should do lawn care
alright! not goin in till 12!
<propfirst> lieberman wants president to have complete control over internet just in case of a national crisis?  and he backs up this idea because communist <propfemale> does it   oh lord 
takin a shower in a few   eatin pizza tonight with the fam
you know how i said everyone should work lawncare because you get off when it rains?  well i lied    nobody ever work for lawncare!!! the make up work is unbearable lol
"just saw karate kid    it is effin amazing  if you say it sucks then i will stab you in the jaw   come to <propmale> to say hi, i will be the guy stabbing jaws "
getting better and better everyday 
bored  tough day of work and tired 
<propfemale> is possibly the most beautiful girl in the world
"somebody-\are you sure you can trim this entire place?\""\",35520f68c1f6d8ebe901582cb226b094,goodnight 
rough day at work    sad 
over and over again
dr  pepper is the best drink ever!  trust me i'm a soon to be doctor    smile 
"no <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, or <propmale> today   today's gonna be tough  smile "
oh kemosabe    lol
try to kick me while i'm down?  i'll break your leg 
i am really missing kings island right now 
last time to go to kings island this friday   if you're goin let me know and maybe we can meet up or somethin 
last time going to kings island this year on friday   if you're going let me know and we could meet up 
cannot sleep
tomorrow starts the 2010 2011 season of the nfl   i am excited 
<propfemale> got the highest grade in her spanish test!!!!!!  good job <propfemale>!!!!!!!!  smile 
"phone's broke, truck's belt is broke (possibly rhino's last days), and last but not least i'm broke   not really though because i am starting 13 hours of work day on saturday!!!!!!  smile "
today is a sad day  i find myself saying who don't rather than who dey   sad 
gettin ready for work 4 hours after returning from work  confused? me too lol
i cant believe how steeler fans can just shrug off a loss  maybe it has something to do with the bengals monumental let down 2010-2011
gah! i wrecked my car  i was so close to hitting that old lady  darn lmao 
2 can play this game mr  <propfirst>   2 can play!!!  smile  i'm <propfirst> and i'm a loser 
going out of my mind sitting  in cracker barrel by myself and hearing every noise gahhhhh!!!!
went to washington <propfemale> to do work  training a new guy and he is terrible  for the money? worth it
"if there is one game   just one game i want the bengals to win, it's this one"
am i the only one who thinks you should get a pay raise for hitting somebody hard in the nfl
play 1 run play 2 run play 3 run play 4 run    3rd and 1     pass?! block punt?????? wth!!!!!?????
just watched magamind!!! so good i wish i could physically force all of you to watch it  !!!!!!!!  smile 
sitting at a stop and go waiting for this fo to pick up their pie  lets me think about things     like how could the friggin bengals do this to me!!!! ah i am still upset about that  so sad
almost out of here thank the good lord  finally time to sleep!!! or stay awake and play madden hmmm     choices  
got a raise at papa johns  smile 
"finished cleaning \the barrell\"" full detail clean and had a supervisor watching    still finished with 2 hrs to spare  you're welcome stockholme """
watched a refreshing christmas episode of the office last night  'twas hilarious  and today i earned a raise at cracker barrel    smile 
tons of snow which is awesome for i am going sledding tonight
i strongly believe a massive train me about eight tons just hit me
bengals win + steelers loss = great night 
i wonder if we were all naughty we would actually be nice to <propfemale> so he doesnt have to travel as much   hmmmm i have so many questions 
"wow i just spent my evening researching why the bengals are sooo bad   there starting roster is averaging 3 years of e playful erience   thats including the 15 year to and 11 year dhani jones (to being a bengal for 1 year and dj a bengal for 4)  the oldest bengals are <propmale>, ocho, and geathers  we can't keep anybody!!!"
ugh   back to work
the bengals played spoiler for the chargers and <propmale> threw a nearly perfect game w o t o or ocho  smile  can't wait till they're gone   oh and peyton manning ran the ball lol
wow wvu what happened?!
"tomorrow is a busy day\4 smile 0pm-10pm papa johns\10 smile 0pm-5am cracker barrel"
stupid vols lost in double overtime 
working and gellin at the same time  heck yes
colts lost so now im rooting for the underdog seahawks  darn  upside is that i had a great night watching football with <propfemale>  smile 
going car shopping today!
just had my manager try and tell me i can't <propfemale> the steelers    please 
why is this coffee not working?! must  stay  awake  so  i  dont lose      jobbbbbb
i love masticating  it does so much for you like keeping you awake and energetic  the only downfall is if you masticate too much you will be fat lol
missing high school
another succesful shift of nightwork 
"you know what they say, fool me once, strike one, fool me twice     strike three  hahaha"
ugh why am i still awake? oh yeah its my job lol
i am!! hollywood watch where you point your finger
home from work  debating if i should watch the office or sleep  
so much to do so little time  my mind is going a mile an hour right now
what a great day to be a bengals fan
workin two jobs again  smile 
instead of sitting around and playing games on my ipod i've decided to work out till the manager comes in  smile 
"alesha: oh my god, is she walking a deer?!?!\\nme: <propfemale>, that's a dog "
