d5973c7f96e5041ae5a43c1b4a6c4d50
we are closing on our first home tomorrow and i am soooooo excited!
is getting keys to her house today!
has a crazy month ahead! we have to paint our house and move our family in before thanksgiving and our car broke down on sunday night! wish us luck    i know we can do it!
is thankful for all the birthday wishes  thank you! it was wonderful sharing my birthday with my babies this year   smile 
r i p  dr  b
pink
got her hair done today! so nice to go sit in a salon and not have to do anything!
is getting ready for the big game     go saints!
"thinks it kinda sad cute that her boys are scared of \finding nemo\""    only had it on for a minute before they were hiding behind the sofa! my poor babies!"""
valentines day - change your profile picture to you and your spouse and make sure to post a comment for how long you've been together and where you first met! copy and paste this to your profile ? ? ?
thinks she gave birth to a monkey    <propfirst> climbs onto everything!! at the moment he is all about the kitchen table - not good 
we have frogs in our yard! they are so cute   
noticed a freckle on <propmale>'s leg today! i know only a mother can be excited about that    and i totally am!
good luck us hockey team!!
oh man    overtime! this is intense 
bummer
"just got pinned by her babies and slimed! just the beginning of having crazy, playful boys that will team up against their mommy!"
is looking forward to a grown up evening with friends!
dislikes head-butting! if i make it through the toddler years with all my teeth intact i will be so happy!
"okay so i am trying to lose some weight and need some accountability! i am going to start weighing myself once per week and then i am going to post my weight loss or gain for everyone to see  every wednesday, from this point on, will be my weigh day! wish me luck everybody!"
"ok its wednesday, my weigh day! i lost 4 pounds! its a great jumpstart and i will weigh again next wednesday "
made <propfemale> stew & st patricks day cupcakes for my family  yummy!
is excited for the zoo tomorrow!
"its wednesday, which means i have to weigh myself  i lost one pound  not great, but in the right direction!"
lost 2 pounds this week! total weight loss: 7 pounds 
really looking forward to watching the mariners this season - they have a very promising line-up!
"it is my weigh day once again and i lost 4 pounds this week (despite all the easter <propfemale>), so that makes a total weight loss of 11 pounds!"
"is so excited about my weekend away! stay in anacortes for one night, take the ferry to orcas island and hike on mt  constitution! 2 weeks away!"
it is weigh day once again and i lost  5 this week  hmmm    maybe dark chocolate raisinets need to stay at the store!
chinese restaurant tonight with family and mariners game saturday with friends! fun weekend ahead! then next weekend its off to the san juans!
where has moo <propfemale> chicken been all my life???
"today we went to the mariners game, seattle's international district and then pies & pints  awesome day!"
"its my weigh day and i just maintained this week, but it could be worse since i haven't worked out in three days "
is getting ready for a weekend away! excited and nervous about my first night away from the boys   
"its weigh day! i have gained 1 1 2 pounds, but it was so worth it! had a great weekend with lots of good food, i have had my fun and now its time to get back on track  total weigh loss: 10 pounds!"
"went to sounders game last night and although the outcome was disappointing (refs were horrible!), it was super fun and we will be going again!"
"down a pound this week, which is okay    haven't worked out all week and trying to get motivated again! total weight loss: 11 pounds "
aquarium with my family tomorrow! yay for mother's day and getting to do whatever i want!
date night w  my handsome hubby tonight!
"anyone wishing they had a kitten or two??? <propfirst> has a <propmale> at work that just rescued a mother and 5 three week old kittens from living out of a car  he cannot keep them all and really wants to find homes for them, so let me know if you are interested or have any ideas for him please!"
"mastering \fox in socks\"" and feeling quite accomplished!"""
"mastering \fox in socks\"" and feeling quite accomplished!"""
"is mastering \fox in socks\"" and feeling quite accomplished  smile """
"welcome home <propfirst>!!!! <propfirst>, i am so excited for you!"
gaining a brother-in-law today  smile 
getting my hair done today!
going on a road trip to ca in 6 days! i am so excited!
i love netflix!
getting ready to go backpacking this weekend with a bunch of boys!
"had a great weekend with <propfirst>, <propfirst> and <propmale>! thanks guys!!"
my cousin had her baby last night!!! welcome to the world <propfemale>!
i love singing my boys to sleep  smile 
"dear rain, i missed you!"
least favorite thing about the approaching season    the spiders! they are already showing their ugly faces!
i think one of my boys just realized that our cat cannot read to him   smile 
i am so glad i don't have to get into the <propfirst> the train obsession    my boys are terrified of him!
yes to carrots lip tint is my new favorite thing!
cannot wait for beauty & the beast to come out on dvd! i am definitely getting the blu <propfirst> combo pack   
trying to catch a frog that got into my house before my cat gets it  wish me luck!
we have officially had our first <propfemale> sting  poor <propfirst> drove his car over a wasp and was stung on his finger  that was 2 hours ago and he is still upset   sad 
waiting for my nephew's arrival  smile  so happy he is finally coming home after almost 3 months! he is such an amazing baby boy 
"fun day ahead! picnic and frisbee golf followed by a cross-country meet, starring my amazing brother  smile "
i had a horrible night with a sick child and now its time for some apple spice tea to boost my spirits  smile 
"i love today's google intro, or whatever it's called  happy birthday <propfirst> lennon!"
i cannot leave <propfirst> naked for one minute (literally one minute or less) without him peeing on something! ugh!
i ? pandora
"my boys will be 2 on sunday! they just got haircuts that make them look older and so handsome and they now wear a size 8 1 2 shoe! oh boy, i am feeling slightly nostalgic tonight "
thank you so much to everyone who sent me birthday wishes  i sincerely love you all  ???
vote! vote! vote!
have to take my <propfemale> to the vet  sad  i really hope he is ok 
getting ready to leave for pasco for the xc state championship to support my brother!
"veteran annoyed  someone who, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to\ the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their \life  that is beyond honor  and there are way too many people in this \country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your \status if you   are a veteran, know a veteran, love a veteran or support\ the troops  ~veterans day, thursday, 11 11"
"taking the boys to orcas island, easily one of my favorite spots, tomorrow and this will be their first ferry ride! very excited  smile "
i am now officially super blonde!
the wind storm last night knocked our fence down! not a great thing to wake up to 
had our boys' 2 year check up today and they are in the 98th percentile for height! they are going to be such handsome tall men someday  smile 
"very excited for this weekend! <propmale> potter with my hubby on friday, then its off to oregon for borderclash!"
going to see the nutcracker ballet tonight with the hubby! soooooo excited!
going to get all dressed up to see <propfemale> of green gables at the theater tonight  very much looking forward to it   smile 
nice thing about a drive-thru starbucks is getting my coffee while the boys are in the car  bad thing about a drive-thru starbucks is realizing it was not made with soymilk when i am <propmale> away  ugh   
my cat is trying to kill the raindrops as they hit the window  playful 
"ok, so my already destructive boys are feeling extra destructive today  i am going to need extra <propfemale>   "
"i am super proud of how well my boys behaved while at the clinic today  kind of amazing, really "
