5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004
we definatly need some more low brass for marching band    
misses his 8th grade band buddies   
gonna <propfemale> with bri today laugh 
goin to the movies with bri @ 7 smile 
excited to go to the band barbecue and officially kick off the 2009 red mountain marching band season laugh 
does anyone have cp chem 6th hour with mrs  dawson?
writing my book   
schedule change    who has algbra ii second hour with mr  peebles? and lit  e playful lorations fourth hour with hawkins?
can't wait for our first marching band show this friday!!!
"oh and everyone who i told to come to the football game, it's at westwood "
writer's block sucks   a lot
just got to the big twist of my book  laugh  i'm so excited  although it wasn't really that une playful ected   
is hungry   
oh the wheel in the sky keeps on turnin'   
dr  pepper is amazing   
just got back from an awesome day smile  i saw <propfemale> wars: in concert and it was spectacular!
thankful that he has so many people that care about him smile  thanks everyone for making my birthday amazing!!!
who found out that 4 hours is the limit when taking viagra? idk    i just thought it was kinda funny   
going to see zombieland!
saw surrogates instead because they checked for ids
the phoenix suns exhibition game is gonna be on tnt in a little bit   
preseason basketball is about to begin
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
i really like that moustache   
does a spoonful of sugar really help the medicine go down?
is waiting in anticipation to which movie my mom is renting   
7 months  smile 
cafe world is controlling my life   
journey never ceases to amaze   
a little <propmale> elfman plus a creepy holloween night   priceless
feels the urge to watch spiderman   
"i just had one of the most awesome nights of my life  me and gray went around with lightsabers and nerf guns and ambushed people at their houses hahaha we got bri, <propfirst>, nay-nay, hat guy, lexis, <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propfirst> haha wat an amazing night   "
after the crazy night last night today seems like such a bore    
just found someone with the same name as me   
"suns win in a blowout, regionals music coming along great, and looking at my pop's old college work  tonight's a good night smile "
"break seemed so long, yet so short at the same time"
new scrubs season   why must they ruin a good thing?
is glad to be home
i would totally give up our fall break for an extra week right now 
who all has mrs  collon 2nd hour?
daybreakers = awesomeness
is massaging his eyebrow of justice   
why can't facebook just let me change my name to joshamillianaximus xxvii?
getting wisdom teeth pulled out tomorrow  yay   
my wisdom teeth are gone!!! where did they go?!
i no longer have wisdom for to learn my friends in the ways of the force  i apologize pope <propfirst> laube   
"finish up homework, make some orange bread with bri  smile , possibly goof around on the x-box as well, sounds like a good day is awaiting me  smile "
let's hope mr  wheeler gets the grades right   
"how is it that when yoda was 865, he was nimble and beastly, but in 31 years after that all of a sudden he became an old fart who couldn't do anything?"
i wish that every conversation i had was as engaging and amazing as that one with chris   dear god   
<propmale>'s inferno   definitely not child friendly    
yesterday: consisted of making a movie with <propfirst> for music theory  today: editing  tomorrow: editing  tuesday: editing  thursday: take a wild guess    it's gonna be a fun week   
"if avatar wins best picture, then the academy is in for a big surprise visit from me and my rabid pet south african lemur, <propfirst> "
good thing the academy saved themselves a visit from me and my rabid lemur charles   this time   
this time tomorrow=cabin w  bri  laugh 
"wishes that he had the uncanny ability to subtly change accents depending on his mood, could make amazing hats with ease, and was the best futterwacker in all of \underland\""   """
is relishing in the fact that he has every season of scrubs on dvd    mmmmmm    
poodles are good for nothing but the entertainment of watching them sail over a fence after firm contact with my foot 
"for all of you who have hidden your true feelings about this blight on our society, your time has come    poodle punters unite!!!"
have you ever ever ever in your long legged life seen a long legged sailer and his long legged wife?
how in all my years of listening to rock have i missed the who? i feel ashamed   
wishes he could stop time so the seniors didn't have to go 
i think i have a high school hangover   
balderdash   
does anyone know the difference between pre-calc and honors pre-calc?
"another wonderful day at band camp, followed up by the horror that is trigonometry   "
"1  spanish iii sandoval\2  ap chem dawson\3  ap bio ullman\4  pre-calc bonham\5  aa <propmale> english kaminsky\6  american history 1 bonewell\does anybody have classes with me?"
is pumped for this year's marching band
steps one and two of the summer project complete   and now the procrastination continues 
ready to finally be done with trig   final tomorrow!
"is it just me, or does the dish at ihop called rooty tooty fresh n' fruity sound way too much like the name that a gay prostitute would have?  that is my deep thought of the day "
time for more beowulf   yay   
"alright essay, prepare to meet your maker    "
"now that i have thoroughly showed my beowulf project who's boss, i believe it's time for some celebratory eating of food substances "
"a-marching band   wedge\1-spanish iii   sandoval\2-ap chem   dawson\3-ap biology   ullman\4-pre-calc   bonham\5-aa english   kaminsky\6-american history   bonewell\anything guys?"
the english (pirate) setting has to be the single most greatest discovery i have ever made on facebook  ever 
"after a summer full of marching band stuff, trig, and now a summer project, i finally have nothing to do and can relax, but for some reason i can't   apparently my brain won't get off school mode haha"
lookin at some colleges   
first football game in 6 days!!! awww yea!!!
why are people so mean to each other?  is holding a grudge because of some silly past event really worth the pain it causes everyone else?  is pride really so important to us that we can't just suck it up and realize that we are supposed to love one another?  or is our society doomed to a future of hate and suffering because of these primitive emotions?
"i would like to announce that at the waffle house yesterday, i went all the way with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>   "
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday smile  i wish i had that time to thank each of you personally but i think my fingers would cramp and i'd get carpal tunnel and yea    not fun    anyway thanks guys for helping to make my day so amazing! i don't think i could have possibly had any better of a birthday than this one!
"so, this week includes: a spanish project due friday, a football game friday, an english essay, a marching band competition, getting a costume for halloween, a math test,  maybe a chem test, homecomingish activities, and tuesday night band practice   \i need another october break   "
"just re-wrote two paragraphs of my beowulf essay, and now the question looms   do i finish this now or watch the phoenix suns?"
definitely not diggin the idea of school in the morning
if someone would tell me what the instrument we used in chemistry for all of those e playful eriments that graphed all our data was called that would be awesome 
does anybody know if mrs  dawson change the due date of the lab report to the 19th instead of the 17th?
"4 pages of lab report done, i believe i deserve some junk food    "
"i'm very proud of myself, for once in my life i'm not procrastinating and i'm going to get this report done before it's due  laugh "
   finally   i'm done!!! muahahahaha
"oh portal, why do you torture me so   "
just registered for the sat   exciting stuff   
oh what to do what to do when the xbox has frozen   i know!!! facebook!!!  laugh 
best christmas ever   
true grit was fantastic  nothing beats <propfirst> <propmale> but this version was still  a fabulous take on the story  so glad i saw it 
does anybody in  ms  dawson's class remember that site for stem careers?
bring it on stress   do your worst   
"well, that didn't go as planned   "
"the point in doing homework where you start hearing voices, yea, i'm there   "
"\justice is what love looks like in public \""\",5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,\if you judge people," you have no time to love them \""\"5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,"\the best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend \""\",5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,"with the sat over and done with, i've come to a horrible and truly life-altering discovery: i can not write in cursive "
just found a stoudemire poster that has a date with destiny   namely my fire pit    
"that stoudemire poster had a lovely time with his friend, the fire pit  just in case anyone was interested   "
"\boadicea\"" by enya is so amazing   i can't stop listening to it   """
\i no doubt deserved my enemies," but i don't believe i deserved my friends \"" \"5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,finally figured out how to legitimately turn off my phone   don't judge me   
"to do math homework, or not to do math homework? that is the question "
all my respect for <propfirst> <propfemale> is now completely gone  hitting frye below the belt? wtf 
\the greatest thing you'll ever learn," is just to love and be loved in return \""\"5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,\staying awake to <propmale> a dream,\5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,"either math and chem homework were uncharacteristically easy, or i just did really horrible on the homework   i'm too tired to care either way   "
\we must accept finite disappointment," but we must never lose infinite hope \""\"5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,"\every passing minute is another <propmale> to turn it all around \""\",5b9ae706b9c0b5f1019060eacf28f004,why won't these colleges stop?! gah!!!
"homework done, belly full of fattening deliciousness, playing some mindless apps and watching the suns kick some milwaukee butt  all is right with the world   "
super bowl sunday = doing homework as i weep for my poor <propmale> browns   
man time just seems to be flying by faster and faster nowadays   
that was a great throw!!!
steelers are getting owned 
"one of the worst half time shows i've ever seen  i'm down for having the who play every year, just please god keep the black eyed peas away   "
and now its a super bowl 
well now that the refs are on pittsburgh's side   
take that steelers!!!
"alright, glee, you've piqued my interest   "
"\he was a bold man that first ate an oyster \""\",b6308905263a06176d7d1a226b654846,is loving the hot sweaty fl summertime 
