cf18aa07b958367755959b73653b61d5
is ready to get down to business  smile 
usa 2-0 over the pussy ass spain-tards lol
im trying to party once again let me kno lol
let me kno of some partys lol
get it popping
"jager bombsssssssss are delish, im getting it poppin tonight"
im bosss fuck what u heard
<propfemale> knox is the biggest whore i kno!!!!!!!!!!! fuck what u heard
is drunk lol
damn son i got the tc up and runnin again holla at ya boy
fuck what u heard lets get it poppin lol
is thinkin bout you
is hurting  sad  fml
is thinking about that certain person  smile 
"boredddd, had a blast the other night tho"
"will be moving into ud saturday, it will be nice"
has two herniated discs     salty mcmalty
"im sooooo ready to be at ud, holllaaaaaa"
just got back from being out lol bossssss
sleepppppppp got class in the am
bored lol
tired from classs
class class break then workshop lol get serious
fuck hw
<propfemale> boreddddd
"dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today "
is rushin tomorrow baby
"always gotta be real, always gotta be me"
"i hate chem, i hate chem, i hate chem o and btw i hate chem lol"
i dont think they ready
is a closet gay
calc at 1010 beat
??? and ??? greek week 2010!
"<propfirst> lopez-\it feels good to b  a super sayan\"" hahaha"""
"yo its time to get it poppin, so fill up ur cup and lets get fucked up, this 1 is is for all my dead homies lol"
i gets it poppin lol haha
im as cool as the other side of the pillow
my fuckin fridge is grosssssss
research papers r easier girls with low self esteems   i can finish in 3 hours  playful 
lets see      formal is may 1st and 2nd sooo im guess i need a date    hmmm who to choose?
bday on thursday!!!! i hurd dat  lol
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone
greek week 2010 lets get it poppin wit gamma phi beta baby
omg another day of greek week? the gods have blessed me lol
airband is tomorrow lets bring down the house wit this one
ohhh yeaaaaa
"formal is here and im excited, so lets get drunk cause the sparks ignited"
1 word to discribe this weekend    epic     ok!!! ok!!!! ok!!!!
got two classes scheduled for next year and they are both 300 level fml
ok ok
this weekend is going to b a shit show nuff said
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
the time to get my swell on is near
let's get fucked up
dover weekends dont even compare to newark weekends
needs a job     any ideas?
haha flyers fans make me laugh lol
i like to party
deutschland bitches
fisrt day of my new job starts today   sickk lol
"yo the ref robbed usa of a win,    i remember my first call"
i like to party
i need to drink tonight    whose tryin to join
for all of you who dont know the fucking truth guess what?     i like to party lol bitches
shit my life is just so ridiculous i don't even believe it myself lol
and it begins now     i like to party
can life get  any more ridiculous?
can't hold anything back during the summer    
man summer is coming to a close     o well
is fishing
is so bored someone help me sad 
school is almost here lol i cant wait
kdr  love  adpi
legit ass weekend now back to reality
man can't wait for my house to do it big
"yo <propfirst> mccoves new single \take care\"" hits the scene tomorrow check it out ppl"""
"kevinmccove com check out his new single \take care\"""""
organic chemistry blows a big one
whats poppin tonight?
yo my boy <propfirst> mccoves song is playing on kiss 101 7 at like 3 help him out and request him again pls
at a wedding and i'm having a great time
wow the gaints rele suck
btw the ravens are <propfemale> good
its wizzle man
soooo excited for my frat-tastic sperrys to get to my house this week lol
"bag on, still counts  p s  i'm looking for someone special"
fratness complete
playing for $700 this week in fantasy lets great real
<propfemale> christmas and to all a good pint
let's get rowdy
