d79f2a9a3962e1e712f4efb3a8d7b3f0
"going to camp tomorrow, will be gone for around 2 weeks in a row "
"ceadar springs was amazing, and i had the time of my life  i'm extremely happy and things got even better "
so happy!!! = d
going to japan on monday 
japan was so amazing! thank you everybody!!!
misses japan and my friends from the trip  can't wait to see you two again tomorrow!
today's the day to remember hiroshima 
day to remember nagasaki 
first day of school! yay!
yay! i missed the hatred and oppression from school!
upperclassmen: who agrees that the majority of freshies and softmores are completely retarted?
misses everybody from japan and everything about japan  you guys are amazing!
gots ramune!
got my most important possession repaired and back  yay!
"has an ap euro essay to complete, and it's taking forever "
"miss them so much, and i hope they never slip away  i love you!!!  love "
hmm    i guess i lost the game  oh well   playful 
"\i'm sick of friends  who needs them?\"""""
happy demyx day!
"going to file harassment, and if the person from today sees this, i'll be praying for you and hope you learn "
"every one of you preps: i am not your friend, stop treating me like you would them  i'm done putting up with all of you, or i will involve the school "
"yay! i found the song i've been looking for, for two years  one less burden   laugh "
became half-way deaf in my left ear for a while  thanks a lot <propfirst> cribbs  people just keep pissing me off  blah where's the reset button when you need it?
so freaking tired of being harrassed  at least i have 3 days off of school now  i'm happy for that 
new year's resolution: try to learn how to play piano and read music again   3-4 years without touching it kinda makes you bad 
just started my account up again   yeah i won't be updating much  just wanted to catch up with some awesome people 
the game?
demyx time 13 is out!!!
"prayer request guys: i have a close friend who was planning to kill herself last friday  i'm not going to give many details at all, but please pray for my friend "
the musical was amazing  congratulations everybody who was in it  it was very entertaining  now off to congress this weekend  well    my fun is over 
higurashi no naku koro ni   wow   this just is messed up   gotta love it tho!
shopping for play  check  memorizing lines  check  last thing is to get blocking right in one day  fun fun 
likes poking and seeing how many times you get poked back 
we have only had two days without school   two   this will be a long summer 
"thought he would forget his glasses, but ends up forgetting his phone, then finds his phone again  come home and find out i got a 3 on my ap exam   quite an average day "
"made friendship bracelets, went to a water war, <propmale> with abbi and <propfemale> all day week  i have the best of friends, even if they deny it "
loves black cat except for the fact that they can't pronounce tao correctly 
yay! hanging out with an awesome friend tomorrow and also meeting up with my best friends from japan and most of the rest of the gang  awesome fun there 
watching v for vendetta   seems great except for all the alliterations   how many v words are there in his lexicon???
had an amazing time with one of the best groups of people you can find that i went to japan with  we met a friggin awesome store clerk that made the day hilarious  altogether know now who can be my closest of friends 
"trying to watch death note the last name, but the downloading is so slow  good movie so far though "
"going to six flags tomorrow, so won't be back until late  going to be missing my friends a ton "
"besides losing my comb from japan, 74 cents, a ton of energy by loss of blood and food; i had a good day yesterday "
"helped freshies today, got everything ready for school, and get to go in earlier than mostly everybody else  finally going back to school "
"main computer: blue screen\laptop: freezing\what next?"
happily did homework today   yep i was that bored 
distraught due to my friend not knowing who geroge carlin is   
's homework is just pathetic  you'd think with all honors courses this semester that i'd have more and or it'd be more challenging   it's not   hopefully later in the year i'm not so bored with it 
has four tests this friday! yay! probably no homework this weekend either    
woot! always gotta love the random guys with alcohol asking for rides 
thank you psych for talking about the brain and getting the pinky and the brain theme song stuck in my head   
hm   red number on messages reading zero   quite odd 
papa roach is coming to qc   this will be amazing 
having a good day now thanks to <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> carlin 
likes how i've had too many replies to a message that a second message had to start with the other being too full 
was just at the best party of my life  i had a great time with some of the best friends i can find  never will forget tonight 
so anybody wanting to go to the papa roach and skillet concert should talk to me  i don't want to go alone 
can't stop listening to mad world    great song 
stop shooting canons next to my house!!!!!!!!
doing pretty dang good  = ) amazing time at church and nothing else can ever make me feel this good 
never knew how good classic philosophy could be   communist manifesto is now one of my favorite books ever 
just saw <propmale> at homecoming and that made everything a little better 
now a good day   ? jeez these changes need to stop  i won't question the good days though  i don't mind them as much   joyful 
if you're really hungry you'll eat anything  if you really miss me or care about me then you'd try to get me back 
hardly noticing the time go by  very glad i found a new amazing anime  i love code geass!
well   i have no life  i'm in season 2 of code geass already   yeah watched 20 some episodes yesterday 
just slaughtered my father at go    he was left with 7 units and i took 30+ prisoners   wow   
"\you're right! i get it! it all makes sense you're the perfect person  so right  so wrong  let's all live in your imaginary life \"""""
lost my voice at an amazing concert  i love skillet and papa roach!
had a very nice day today making new friends  too bad <propfemale> was gone today  that would have made the day much more interesting than it already way 
well of course i have a 404 error  guess what time it was when it happened???
my feet will be bleeding by the end of the day  oh how i love working tab 
my legs hurt!!! running up and down stairs kinda hurts after a while 
had a wonderful day today  i could hardly be happier 
"\god bless the homicidal maniacs  they make life worthwhile \"" <propfirst> carlin"""
making hiroshima okonomiyaki  hopefully it turns out the way i remember  great memories 
parents took my phone because i have b's in school  id love to see them live my life  i doubt they'd survive with these demons 
\remember remember the 5th of november\,d79f2a9a3962e1e712f4efb3a laugh 7b3f0,"me-joe can't be a ninja, he's too white \\ncorrin-what?! you don't have to be black to be a ninja!\\nme-wth?"
watching tactics finally  keeping my occupied at least 
"zazanza zazanza\hamamashite oto wa\zazanza zazanza"
feeling sick because of emotions 
mendokusai 
"besides being put into congress with coenan having hansan as a judge and put into the wrong event, the tournament went well and i got third in congress "
"just got a finger-tipped ball 16 pounds   this is gonna kill me, but will be fun to get rotation now "
<propmale> pet peeve: people driving 32 in a 45 or at least dont go 25!!!
"träumst du mit mir heut nacht \\springst du mit mir heut nacht -oopmh! i love this song "
"being the nerd i am, i am extremely happy to know my calculater has a sigma key and double checks my work   laugh "
   it's absolutely horrible out there to drive   one more reason winter sucks 
two tournaments this year and placed in both of them   now i just start placing???
of course this tournament is at st <propfirst> of assisi   this goes out to <propfirst> and his interesting humor 
my night has turned around  i'm feeling really well 
things are definitely looking up now  = )
things are definitely looking up now  = )
gets to see his friends from japan in a couple weeks   i'm psyched!
favorite actor: <propfirst> <propmale> head  i absolutely love his acting in <propmale> and repo! the genetic opera 
just finished <propmale> season 3   wow i have no life having just started three days ago 
had 1 a a week ago   now i have all a's   wow   this quarter turned out wonderful 
"a7x, stone sour, and hollywood undead tickets makes out for a pretty awesome christmas "
"finally back   dang i can't stand the south  <propfemale> mei <propfemale> <propmale> , how do you survive?"
i get to do pf this year as well  this should be fun  thanks premo for being such a pile 
having a nice day  i did not almost pass out today nor bleed a lot in gym  yay!
ap bio test tomorrow   i hope i understand it   3 chapters in three days is a ton 
just finished clannad  good anime  thanks feather child  = )
placed three of the four tournaments this year 
"happy ending to my day  2 trophies today, but dissappointed overall with the turnout  congress needs to be fixed "
new anime: any suggestions?
"dang   working on debate, ap bio, and ap gov take it out of me  aff evidence is almost nonexistent and neg has a ton   which side to choose "
