ffdf4c6a87a23e1a17e77ea7babbb117
is working at the sandbar til 8 then partying for kels 21st bday and then gotta get up early to work at the paper     yucky!!!
is on her way to zeeland to bartend!
"is back, didnt go anywhere too interesting  working at the sandbar tonight, working cows tomorrow    tired as all hell   "
is soooo excited that tomorrow is saturday and i get to sleep all day if i wanna!!! working cattle was exhausting today! sleep time!!!
has a flipping head cold     again!!!!! shoot me now!! i hate those damn things!
is tired from partying it up in biz the past 2 days     im going to get new friends that dont drink so much!!! lol jk
i wish i could date my high school teacher too!
"is working at the sandbar tonight, then the pioneer tomorrow, and then bar to the sandbar tomorrow night  sat will not come soon enough!"
is in pain     and on crutches!!! i fell and went boom last night and sprained the ankle really bad and damaged nerves    hurts like a sob!
i smelled a noodle sliding down a hill because big bird said to and he's my leader!
is wokring at the sandbar tonight    darts (aka drunk fest) tomorrow night    cant wait lol
"is working at the sandbar    and then tonight i get to throw a \few\"" brewskies back with kels!!! yes!!!!"""
is sitting at the sandbar working    not alot of action tonight     wish i was in rapid with everyone else     sad 
"is at work at the sandbar   hopefully tonight is a lil less eventful that last night, dont think i could handle that again    freaking ppl that think they need to brawl in the bar and hurt ppl piss me off!! ppl need to grow up!"
is working the day shift at the bar    then tonight throwin some darts! fun fun!! however i hope that tonight is drama free for once!!! lets all get along for one night ppl! thanks!!
is happy that things are starting to look up in life! i couldnt be more happy right now!! yes!
"so after 2 days of drinking, 1 full day of playing darts and hangovers from hell i am ready to do absolutely nothing    i do have to say it was one of the best weekends i have had in a long ass time!!!"
is ready for some rest and relaxation tomorrow after a long weekend or dealing with drunks at the bar!! wow what a weekend!
is headed to biz in about 30 mins!!! wooooohoooo! quality drinking time with tem!! anyone want to come with?
is wondering where everyone is in pollock    its saturday night and town is almost dead!! wtf?
is working at the paper today    then tonight i have no idea what to do     biz? stay in pollock? go to the farm n relax??? no clue      
is working at the sandbar     i need some sleep!
is working at the pioneer now til well who knows     then tomorrow and wednesday out to the farm to play farm girl    and maybe biz on wednesday night    look out corral we are coming to sing again    get ear plugs hahaha    
"trivia question: what happens to u up to 3 times a month, but u don't know about but someone has proof?"
is getting ready to give up on life    just when i think things r looking up they take a turn right back to shit again! wtf?
is a proud auntie of another lil boy!! ace <propfirst>  born this morning at 716 7lbs 1oz  woohoo!
is exhausted     and tomorrow morning 6 am is going to come very early!!! i need a day off!!!!!!
is exhausted! having a few cocktails then hitting the hay to prepare for another long ass day tomorrow  hopefully tomorrow runs more smoothly than today!!! don't u think <propmale>? lol 
"wishes that her \friends\"" would actually act like the friends they claim to be! i would do anything for anyone of mine and on most days i have my doubts if they would all be there for me in the same way!    hmmm maybe i need to evaluate my life and friends and do some house cleaning and get rid of people i dont need!"""
election day today    playing farm girl again  thursday it is off to wisconsin til sunday 
is wisconsin bound  c u all sunday!
is back in pollock  not so sure i'm happy about it tho  it was so nice to get away!!!
slept all day    literally    i finally feel 100% again! now back to work work work!!
"is chilling at the rents with temree     now the big decision comes    what to do tonight     so many options so little time    hmmm    eureka, hague, pollock    "
is working at the sandbar    a bit hungover from last night still    to have a drink or not have a drink tonight    will it make me feel better or worse lol     
had an awesome weekend     work and having fun with some awesome ppl    cant beat that! hopefully the week goes by fast and is a good as the weekend was!
y is it so hard to lose someone u love so much?       u will always b in my heart!!
i must be strong     n <propfemale> on     bc i know    i don't belong      here in heaven         
     why is it somethings in life never get easier??
tomorrow is going to be a long day      still miss u and love u uncle <propfirst>! rip!!
     used     betrayed    torn     so sick of feeling this way!! i'm done  just done  fml!! this was supposed to b a fun weekend ppl not one filled with drama n shit!
pain is weakness leaving the body!     i keep telling myself that but spparently i'm not very convincing tonight!!
"as if 12:24 a m   on aug  25, 2010 i am a non-smoker!! <propmale> <propfirst> beek bet me $100 i could not quit smoking for 1 full year!!     however      he may b the start of my gambling problem     haha! he is going to lose!!"
is confused    up or down    left or right    what direction am i supposed to go next????  one day i do everything right and the next nothing is right or good enough! make up ur mind already!! for f*cks sake!
is sore!
thinks she is going to go back to drivers <propmale>     haha!
odde is so damn hott!!!!!
odde is a homo!
odde is a retard!
loves odde!!! muah!  laugh 
is combining     the bartending tonight! gunna b a long day i have a feeling!
is getting her ass kicked in darts!
headed to bismarck in the morning to try and find a vehicular device that can stay on all four wheels     and maybe some shopping    
is drinking in pollock with the best hair dresser in the world!!! love u kels!!!!!!!!!!!!!
come on snow    i wanna make snow angels!!!!
"    dear god, please protect me from a painful thursday morning      i would appreciate it      thanks     here goes week 2 of darts!!"
"laundry put away  check, dinner made  check, now for those damn dishes!"
is not so sure she can handle day 5 of drinking    but it is sunday funday might just have to <propmale> up and do it!!!
is ready for darts tomorrow night!!! gunna get shit faced like normal again! just wish kels was gunna b here  sad 
you can only push a girl away for so long until she walks out of ur life on her own  so b careful & make sure that is what u want bc once she turns around she isn't coming back 
need to find the smile i've been faking for so long   
i'm gunna rape ur camera face    
found it!!!!!        laugh 
"i pray for wisdom    to understand the man, love     to forgive him, and <propfemale> to deal with his moods; because if i'd pray for strength i'd beat him to death!!"
i miss u already can't wait for u to b with me again! time cannot pass fast enough!!!!
       how can it be that after such a short time i cannot get u off of my mind!?!? wish u were here right now!!
    has officially decided she can't wait to c u again!
     lying here awake  thinking of u  wondering if ur thinking about me too    
    what a night last night     now i remember y temree is not allowed to come to pollock very often anymore     haha jk  also i really wish we would learn that picture taking and drunk ppl dont mix    when will we ever learn 
y am i the type of girl who can be so hurt but still look at you & smile  the type of girl who is willing to brighten your day even if i cant brighten my own 
      not so sure how happy i am that my best friend is coming to pollock tonight   bc that means i'm gunna feel like absolute ass tomorrow   however   its gunna b fun!!
is feeling surprisingly way better than i e playful ected to feel today! yay for me! had a blast last night with everyone!
<propmale> odde is a homo!
hates being sick     i just got over a cold and now i feel another one coming on    this is so not fair 
    ooo dart night y do u have to be so cruel?!?! i need to find a new hobby darts are killing me!
    work tonight then shits gunna get western tomorrow while i shoot darts and watch the steelers kick some ass!!!!
odde is so hott!!!!!!!
"dear dart night, \will u please take it easy on me tonight? i would hate to have to go to the bar tomorrow with a bass drum player in my head looking for my liver under the shuffle board table! \sincerely,\me"
"dearest dart night, \screw u!!\love, \me"
"is thinking that today could be a long day, helping dad during the day and then bartending tonight    wonder what kind of drunks i will get to deal with tonight?!?!"
odde is so hot
my little brother is gay and he wears little rubbers!!!!!  smile 
      sunday funday!!!!!
"    tuesday, what to do what to do?? anyone have any good ideas??"
"    supper - check, dishes - check, couch - check! now i just need to find the ambition to shower b4 bed! been a long day!"
"   ahh shit its wednesday again   this isnt going to be pretty! \dear liver, \i send my sincere appologies in advance, i understand that u had no choice in whose liver u were  i am sorry that it had to be me that u got stuck with  had u been lucky enough to be someone elses liver u may have lived a longer life, however i can make a promise   ur life may be short but it will be one hell of a good time!\love, \me"
"well another hard day,my imaginary friend was running with scissors, the voices in my head where fighting with themselves, and i'm still missing my helmet    crap!"
    one day u r going to wake up and realize how much u care for someone; but when that day comes they will b waking up next to someone who already knew   
    anyone can do well when things are going smoothly; it's when shit hits the fan that you see what a person is really made of!
    wants to know where the cameras are when temree n i get to drinking!?! another night survived     barely but we r alive!
thought for the day    why do we always look for the light at the end of the tunnel when we know damn well its an oncoming train??
"has realized booze was invented to make me feel young, but the <propfemale> over the next day is there to remind me i'm not a spring chicken anymore!"
so the night didnt end too badly last night    felt pretty darn good today for a change  so guess what liver    look out for saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
phat
is ready for a weekend of drama free fun and lots of booze!!
"i'm tired of chasing my dreams, i'm just going to ask them where their going and meet them there later "
"dear liver please forgive me for what i drank last night  i don't remember, but i'm guessing that's a bad sign  sincerely hungover me     ps  remember there is only 2 weeks of darts left for me to torture u with  smile "
     quote of the day: you r not big boned     ur just festively plump   smile  bahahahaha
penis
"    good choices come from e playful erience; e playful erience, on the other hand, comes from bad choices!!  smile "
"the average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think "
"couldn't ask for better friends! i could ask for more normal friends, but that would be asking for the impossible! and i wouldn't have it any other way! love u all!"
 sad        great big huge sad face!! that's all i can say right now!!
"  nothing lasts forever, so live it up drink it down laugh it off avoid the bullshit take chances n never have regrets bc at one point everything u did was exactly what u wanted!"
my thoughts and prayers go out to <propfirst> and his family
be kinder than necessary for you never know what someone is going through 
       what a disaster!!
     we hide to see who will look for us; we cry to see who will wipe our tears; and we get our hearts broken to see who will care enough to fix them again!
    sleep   please let me sleep       i would love to catch a few zzzzz's b4 the long day ahead of me but apparently my body thinks otherwise   fml   
    the hardest part about being a bartender is figuring out if someone is drunk or just stupid!!
"      funny how u can feel all alone in a room full of \friends\""       sad that i'm getting used to it tho!"""
"      thought for the day: being the designated driver is not a desirable job; but if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it  at the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house   heehee heehee"
this has got to b the stupidest flipping game ever invented!!!!!!
is hoping grandpa <propfirst> gets out of the hospital soon! ill b praying for u that everything keeps getting better! love u!!
"      can't sleep, got too much on my mind!!      and u would think that after how many brain cells i killed this weekend there wouldn't b hardly any left to think with lol"
