a9d990e35b316d421494e1243e474c82
tues r my mondays      ugh! time to get the work week started
having my morning wake up coffee but its not working!
i'm excited about startin school on mon!!
math is kicking my ass
i'm sooooooo damn excited that race season is underway!!!!!!!!!!!
bought time they get the race started again!
my son <propmale> is looking for friends here on facebook who are on farmville  he would be so happy if anyone sent him a friend request  his name is <propmale> ellison  thanx!
glad to be out of school for the weekend
been under the weather the past few days due to my potassium bottoming out again   got to finish out the week at school and then spring break!
my allergies are in full bloom now and they're kicking my ass! this is why i hate spring time  what a way to spend my spring break 
am i the only one having friggin issues on facebook? they have way too many glitches and need to fix them!
"i need  only 1 nail to complete my stable  if anyone can help me out , i'd greatly appreciate it~"
<propmale> kennseth is a
<propmale> kennseth is a <propmale> head!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
he's not just a <propmale> head            he's a fuckn <propmale> head!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"wtf is up w men who can't handle a women who is strong willed, stuborn, and has a temper from time to time and the women did not let the temper cum out on them? men are so fuckn weak and shallow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they don't know a good thing when it bites them right n the fuckn nuts!!"
"what's on your mind?stacy ellisonwtf is up w men who can't handle a women who is strong willed, stuborn, and has a temper from time to time and the women did not let the temper cum out on them? men are so fuckn weak and shallow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they don't know a good thing when it bites them right n the fuckn nuts!!15 hours ago clear"
i want to say thanx to my friends who have been concerned about me while others could care less
"nerves shot, stomach n knots, hands shaking, and can't eat  wtf? win will i learn?"
had a great time today getting to know an old friend again  my mood went south when i had to come home and deal w reallity again 
"nerves r still shot, hands still shaking, stomach n nots, but atleast i can eat now  that's a good thing!!"
this is not good!! i can't find where i put my powerpoint presentation at on my laptop  can't go out tonite w an old friend til i find it!!
my day started off ok but has gone down the toilet as the day progresses
"in memory of a 19 yr  old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives!! ??????????????? if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this    in memory of all fallen soldiers"
i hate the fact that my nerves r shot to hell and back! it's gotta be one of the worst feelings n the world  i keeping my head held high and hope like hell its gets better soon  very soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
wanting more out of life
it's almost time for the green flag to drop!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!! i missed watchn my boys race last weekend
u can already tell this is gonna be a longggggggg race tonite
"damn, the race is getting real exciting now!!"
bout time the 24 finished the race ahead of the 48!!
got nickelback blasting on my stereo while cleaning and then its to out the outside i go to plant my vegetable garden  what a beautiful day it is!!!
"back @ school til 1:45, afterwards i have no idea what i'll be doing for the rest of the day! anybody got any suggestions?"
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved "
every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really does it!!!!
hands r trembling and shaking and i don't y  makes it kinda difficult to type  what's up w that?
i think its time for some afternoon fun! wonder what it could be?
looking forward to going out w a hot and dear friend of mine in <propfemale> beach sat nite and he knows who he is
i have realized i have no life!! i need to start back to going out again  it's really sad that i'm sitting home tonite and will doing the samething tomorrow nite 
heading to the beach for the night!! yay!! i need a break from this hell hole we call <propfemale> town
anxiety attacks r no fun to go thru!
l i luv the fact that the sprint cup and nationwide race have today back to back! i've been n pure heaven today!!!!!!!!!!
math is gonna be death of me yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does the homework ever end??
"i am a bitch because that is who i choose to be, you are a <propmale> because that is the way  you are, at least i can chnage if i wanted to  i'm bringing the old me back    a bitch in every way possible because i just don't give a shit anymore!"
i must luv torturing myself  why else would i want to take friggn algebra??!!
"pulling an all nighter of studying  finals are next week  and not to mention i'm bored to death right now!!!! thank goodness for coffee, riddlin, and hair bands! lol"
was really excited that i passed my math test w a 90 til i realized i didn't have anyone to celebrate w me  now i'm a lil annoyed
"don't you just luv it when people just don't have a f*%$ing clue but they think that they do when they never did in the 1st place? oh well, 1 day soon they will have a f&#$ing  clue and we'll see who's laughing then  that shall be i!!!"
i passed all of my classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!including math!! i've been doing the happy dance  anyone wanna join me?
"not only did i pass my classes, i just found out that i have a 4 0 gpa!!!!!!"
"yea, got a friend taking me out to celebrate tonight"
alcohol will always make things better!!!
i like it on the floor next 2 my bed!
48 choked again!  go 18!!!!!!!!!
in about 5 <propfemale> u can ride by my house and see a new laptop go flying out the f*#king door!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thinks sometimes you need to step outside get some air and remind yourself of who you are and where you want to be 
u know sum people can be about asaggravating as a damn  knat  they keep on and im gonna squash em like a knat
some people try to make everyone else happy all the friggin time but not the one they should be tryn to make happy all the time  one day they wil get a rude awakening and then it will be toooooooo late because the one they should be concereded about will be long gone 
thank u all for my birthday wishes  it meant more to me than yall know!
spent all day online applying for a student <propfemale>  spaghetti is cooking  waiting for the crew to get home
spent all day applying for a student <propfemale> online  spaghetti is cooking  now waiting for the crew to get home 
can't wait til my classes start n the morning!
way to go <propfirst>! 18 is a hell of a driver!!
"#18 did it again!!! way to go, <propfirst>!!"
doing english homework between classes   ugh               
"i'm beginning to ask myself \what was i thinking when i decided to go college at 43?\"""""
"finally have an entire weekend alone w the love of my life and the man of my dreams           my sweet, and handsome son!!!!!!!!!!!!"
time to get ready to go to school and i still feel like shit from being sick all last weekend
both of my four-legged sons are terrorizing each other instead of going to sleep! bad boys!!
got the house all to myself for a bit! how nice is that?! watching the race and studying for psy test 
go #18 go!!!
<propfirst> is hosting a barn raising and needs some friends to lend a hand!  <propfirst> is trying to build a bigger chicken coop and they still need the help of 10 more friend(s)! bi   gger coops can hold more chickens and more chickens mean more mystery eggs! see more7 hours ago via farmville · comment · likeunlike · view feedback (2)hide feedback (2) · click here to help
"going to math lab, then a deep tissue massage @ 4  can't wait"
the idiots are out in full force on the roads!
"sleep meds r kicking in, time to fall out"
woke up this morning n severe pain n my neck  can't turn my head at all  i would sure like to know who hit me n the back of my neck w a 2 x 4 while i was asleep so i be sure to pay their ass back
thanks to <propfirst> key glazebrook for sending me pinto horse  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com ultimate-far-ggbead home?tv3=mkjvygayeusvzdwcksrahyugk065zhk4bqq%3d
thanks to <propfemale> watson ashbaugh for sending me pink elephant  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com ultimate-far-ggbead home?tv3=mkjvygayeusvzdwcksrahyugk066bbg7akm%3d
thanks to <propfemale> watson ashbaugh for sending me multicolor cow  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com ultimate-far-ggbead home?tv3=mkjvygayeusvzdwcksrahyugk067bhezb6a%3d
woo hoo!  48 had trouble! !!!!
"i\ am an un-apologetic american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the \united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one \nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew\ up reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do\ that for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will \re-post this and not care about offending someone!"
go 24 go!!!!!!!!!!
there is a nascar god! the 48 didn't win the race!!
"you\ try not to be superstitious, but this year october will have 5 fridays,\ 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is \money bags  copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 \days- based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy will be \without  good luck!!!"
am i the only one who's having problems w farmville?
almost wreckers or checkers time
wreckers or checkers time
"no, no,no 24!!!!!"
anybody but 48!
there is a nascar god!  48 didn't win! woo hoo!
i'd much rather have my fingernails pulled out while being fully conscious than have to put up w rain during the day time!!!!!!!!!
i'm having a yard sale today until whenever  2205 brandonwood rd  <propfemale>  sc 29505
"ok, i'm not usually a harvick fan, but i'm pulling for harvick to win this championship!"
it would really be nice if someone took the 48 out of the race!!
damn!! #24 going after #31 ass! good for u #24
"wtf, 24's pit crew is taking 48's pit crew place!"
48 does not need any help to win another championship! come on harvick  take the championship
come on harvick!!
i think we all need to pray to the nascar god's to help harvick out!
"i loved harvick's little \luv\"" tap on jj!"""
at least harvick finished ahead of jj and at least we have a new points leader!!
i really hate morning drivers!!!!!!!!
"stacy\ finds her strength in her son's laugh, her happiness in his hugs & \kisses and all the faith she needs to keep her going in his beautiful \eyes "
"heading to psy class, 2 hr break, then math  don't like math!!"
why is it that some people just don't get it?
this has been a very emotional day   i'm ready for it to be over so i can wake up tomorrow w a better start 
my back is killing me  looking forward to seeing the surgeon fri!
you know there are some sorry ass fathers n this world & my son's father happens to be one!!
i'm such a glutton for punishment!  when will i learn my f#@*ingram lesson?
i'd like to know where the freight train that ran over my back during the night went to  it sure does suck getting old!
people need to know what the whole story is before they make comments
"i'm upset, mad, angry, & most of all i'm pissed thef#@k off!!"
was told bad news from the surgeon about my back  it's worse than i thought
at my 25 the high school reunion  having a blast  its wonderful seeing everyone!!!
"can u say hangover? i have a massive one from high school reunion  wouldn't trade it for anything!! now, lets have a new champion today! go harvick, go hamlin!"
i learned a very important thing this week  i found out just who is my true friend and who is not  my eyes are wide open now and it's time for a new beginning for me and boy am i looking forward to it!!!
waiting n the surgeons office
i will be so relieved when the surgeon finds out what this thing is on my spine  it hurting more and more and tonight is a painful night
thinks that true strength lies within the ability to not kill those people in your life that just piss you off 
about to take my psychology final exam!
only have 2 more final exams to take on <propfemale> & then i out of school til mid <propfirst>!!!  yay!!!!!!
studying for bio final exam tomorrow  arghhhhhhhhh! going to have some much needed fun later on tomorrow evening!
one more final exam @12 smile 0 & then the semester will be officially over!!!
guess what? the semester is officially offer!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
woo hoo!!! i passed psychology w a b!!!! that was my only class i was worried about 
having surgery to remove this thing on my spine next tue morning  i'll be so glad when it's gone 
i need only 2 more people to help on my barn raising  i just posted a notice on here today 
"ok, i'm about to completely flip my noodle w this traffic!!!! i've already had to slap myself n the face!"
"every christmas you always hear people saying what they want & bought  well, this is what i want: i want people who are sick with no cure, to be able to be cured  i want children with no families, to be adopted  & i want people to never have to worry about food & shelter & heat  now lets see how many people re post this who actually c      are  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re posts! for <propfirst>"
"you know it takes one sorry mother fu$#&* to go to a hit a woman and his girlfriend has to jump in between to the woman wouldn't get hit!! all because he thinks everyone is to drop everything they're doing to do what he wants, when he wants! the world doesn't operate that way and it damn sure doesn't work w me!!!!"
time to hit the hay  i'm having surgery at 5:15 in the morning  i really hope i wake up on time!
"enjoying this nasty, gloomy day in my bed w my 4 legged baby"
"kiss me, bite me, tie me up  but make sure you leave me with a smile on my face!  love "
"random fact: chickens can't swallow while they're upside down   here's my question, who in the hell got paid to find that out?!!"
nothing gripes my ass more than when ur trying to talk to someone & they take their sweet ass time to say anything back!
