c1bcfe07d1c5f8f20d47b4de95c82990
thank you everyone i appreciate the love  laugh  just got back from a work out and only had time to check my wall right now  glad to see that peeps care lol and hope you guys are enjoying life as much as i am  laugh 
i feel like im losin my mind right now    can't get her out of my head!  annoyed 
me and the ol'man jammin to the <propmale> of pop  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! enjoy your night and hope for everyone to have a great night  laugh 
churros!!!!!!!!!  laugh  fried sugary goodnes ftw!!!!!
this is bull    i just had to get inside my own house through my bedroom window     what kind of crap is that!!
"was given a new shipping date yesterday    not too happy about it, but w e im still going to boot camp"
wow have i missed the feeling of holding a woman in my arms    damn have i missed her     smile 
happy valentines everyone!
"despite the lies that you're makin, your love is mine for the takin  my love is    just waitting    to turn your tears to roses "
"i feel it deep within, it's just beneath the skin i must confess that i feel like a monster!"
"pt,pt,pt count mile one, just for fun  mile two, good for you  mile three, good for me  mile four, let's run some more  mile five, i feel alive  mile six, that's the trick  mile seven, i'm in heaven  mile eight, this feels great  mile nine, i'm feeling fine  mile ten, let's run again"
there are enemies to our left    right    front    and rear    you see it as hopelessly outnumbered    i see it as a target <propmale> enviroment  smile 
saw the crazies yesterday     badass movie  smile  funny as fuck too  laugh 
just finished reading <propmale> <propmale> and the olympians: the lightning thief a very good read that i reccomend to anyone who likes greek mythology and have not seen the movie
damnit    i feel like shit but at the same time i feel like i can still take on the world  laugh 
 annoyed 
"recovering from pt\corporal crossfit is the shit!  laugh "
"corporal crossfit 2day\body feel like shit, spirit feels like god\  playful "
"its funny how when you think that fate's 100% against ya, theres these small little glimmers of good fortune that it sends only to snatch them away a split second later   "
"again i think fate is out to get me 0 o\i cant just enjoy a good time out with some friends   \fml   "
"corporal crossfit is your friend  smile \burpees and squats  laugh "
"10 push ups 10 air squats and 10 sit ups, 6 rounds for time  5:14\20 4count push ups 100 squats for time  2 smile 7\total work out time: 7:50\feeling like you just got hit my a freight train, timeless   \theres just some things time cant make you feel \for everything else, theres corporal crossfit  playful "
"10 100m sprints 2day   \sucked ass, but loved every second of it  laugh \thank god its thursday \chill for the next few days  laugh "
i am a strong believer of the atlatl theory  playful 
"new temporary phone   \305 788 0241\call, dont text, its gay   "
"cant sleep   \thinking about my past and possible future   "
"im rich!\bitch!!\ laugh "
"fuck crossfit \fuck pt \im gonna sleep till the sun come down  annoyed "
 laugh 
"standing by for crossfit chaos   \getting jumpy just thinkin about it  laugh "
" laugh  thx evryone this makes me feel all warm and fuzzy  playful \lol"
gimme a cohiba and a bottle o' <propfirst>! muthafuckas cuz im gonna liv this day like its my last!!!  laugh 
"whats on my mind    hmm   \well i just passed my ist finally so    parris island is on mym ind right now!  laugh "
put this as your status & see what people rate you    1 random 2 babe 3 i'd marry u 4 sweet 5 beautiful 6 talkative 7 hot 8 fit 9 funny 10 moody 11 perfect type 12 weird 13 georgeous 14 strong 15 the best 16 awsome 17 dumb 18 i wanna date you 19 i wanna kiss you 20 i wanna be with you forever 
"yay i got my pc internet back!! woot woot!!!\no more mooching wierless conections!!  laugh "
"on my computer    \through my tv  laugh "
 laugh 
ugh i feel like spartan kicking someone something right now  annoyed 
curb stomp!!!!  laugh 
- -
"just took it upon myself to dl skype   \anyone wanna add me? just lemme know through my inbox"
"cleaning the house and sharing a glass of wine with the ol' man  smile \this is the life  smile "
tired yet not sleepy    is that normal? 0 o
"watching the devil may cry anime  playful \its actually not that bad"
is having a 20 minute conversation with 4 pets at the same time and all four pets listening to you and looking at you weird? or is it just me? 0 o
fml    my sis got me sick  sad 
0 o
im bored   someone gimme some good ps1 games to download through emulator to play   
fuck    here i go again having elaborate conversations with my pets    someone please tell me if this is normal  annoyed 
"two weeks   \two weeks and i leave to a place that will forever change my life   \fuck am i nervous and excited  laugh "
"leaving monday for boot camp!!!\should anyone have something they'd wanna tell me b4 i leave, speak now or forever hold your peace  playful "
"wow    sunday already   \2morrow's the day   "
