99dc541072499c0fda542bcb7456aee3
i ran 2 <propmale> today   
mom's in the hospital
is working out to get in shape before school get in   
i'm tired   and bored   
"\hmm?\"""""
just turned in a job application
thanks guys
i want food   
it's gonna be a looong week   
mmmmm   i just ate a peach that was almost impossibly fresh   it was blissful   
they come home soon   
they come home soon   a day and a half
they be home again
had senior pictures yesterday
school starts tomorrow   weeeeee   
need my ps2 memory card back   3 hours into ffxii and i haven't saved   
"that thunder made me nervous   haven't saved yet   now i'm like, 10 hours into it   "
"i searched the entire house for a memory card, nothing   36 hours has this ps2 been on   it needs a break   or it will break   (but when it's standing upright it doesn't get as hot, which is wonderful)"
"has saved and at long last, turned off the ps2   huzzah!"
woah   i actually don't have to do anything this weekend   amazing!
"dude, i get to jam tomorrow   "
my till was exact!!
*shaking head*
dude   actually have songs in the making now   not just concepts   
ugh   ate more than i probably should have   
wow   4 months already   those were some really fast months   
has discovered the amazingness of skype!
yay   the weekend is finally here   and i don't have any homework!
fun times   i've got tons of work to do   
good game today
weeee   wake up early tomorrow
sitting in o'hare waiting for my plane to come   and taking advantage of 20 minutes of complimentary wifi for just watching a little video!  laugh 
pretty much had the most taxing and greulling day ever   not at all fun   bad in so many ways   glad i even made it home alive
don'cha just love filling out college applications and getting ready for the sat's? it's so much fun   9_9
counting down until i can see her again   
i'm having a totally amazing weekend!  laugh 
"after such an amazing weekend, sadly, she had to go back to college   it was the hardest goodbye i've ever e playful erienced   "
i'm so happy with her   it's just amazing!
i'm loving life right now   so excited about so much   
downshifted   great   
long day   lots of bad   some good
"hey, that's my bike!!"
rawr!!!
bad sounding snare + drum key = godly drum
if you are brave     copy this into your status  and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative   4: sarcastic  5: loveable  6: moody  7: dumb  8: spoiled  9: mouthy  10:  random  11: hot  12: funny  13: sexy  14: amazing  15: beautiful  16:  cute  17: generous  18: smart
"when you walked away, it made me realize the extreme lack of people who ever really cared   "
playing final fantasy xiii   it's amazing!!!!!
"when everything seems to go so well, why does it take just the smallest thing to tear it all down?"
just finished an evidence of learning in less than 5 minutes   it's gonna be a good day   busy   but good!
"took my paintball gun completely apart and gave it a good cleaning   tested it and the remote line to see if they still worked   made sure both my camo and mask still fits me   all that's left to do is bleed out the tank and weight it because i forgot the weight   after that, i just need money and i'm ready to go paintballing again   "
"well, i just finished all 94 pages of my portfolio today   yeah   glad that's over   now i can get ready for senior boards!"
it's official: i have a passing portfolio
dude   i had an amazing day!
weeeee   finally took my sat's today   a bit late in the game but whatever   
got my cap & gown today   39 days
r i p: <propfirst> <propfirst> dio   the world of metal will miss you dearly
"don't you just hate it when you're playing a megadeth song and your e string randomly breaks?   yeah, i hate it too   oh well   at least it wasn't my g string   "
dude   tomorrow   i'll be an alumnus of puyallup high school   that's intense!
so like   i'm now an alumnus of puyallup high school   and i am graduating with honors   yeah   life finally decided to like me i guess   
today was an amazing day   simply put
it's been a long day   glad it's over
dreams are amazing   'nough said
watched the new-ish iron man today   epic as hell   
"talking, running, stretching, breathing, drinking, eating, sleeping, reading, driving, listening, counting, playing, drumming   man   i've been living a day of verbs today "
   
"i'm looking for someone who can sing with their soul (while singing in tune)   if you have such a voice, please contact me  i need you "
"\he fakes a bluff!!\"""""
life insurance agents make me want to punch babies   especially when they make the dogs bark and wake me up!
is going far away and will not be back for quite some time
thanks everyone
dude   i'm totally turning in an application for the hard rock cafe tomorrow!
hi
"i fixed my <propmale>!! oh my god   she sounds better than she did before she broke! i'm so happy right now, i could shred that thing all night long   "
"worked on a song today with <propfirst>, it's coming along very smoothly  we're adding music theory to our songwriting   finally   "
"now i know what being plagiarized feels like   someone stole the tab that i went to great lengths to write  they just took it, added one track, and reposted it in spanish calling it their own   bastards   "
"megadeth, slayer, and testament   american carnage tour  september 3rd @ wamu theater  anybody interested?"
playing guitar and reading   couldn't think of a more relaxing way to multitask   
is eagerly awaiting the moment the pressure cooker beeps and his chili is done 
"just found out that once you start singing songs as you play them on guitar, trying to play it without vocals again is really hard "
"american carnage tour tomorrow  it's gonna be like, 3 times more metal than summer slaughter and paganfest combined!"
\\m   ]v[ e g a d e t ]-[  \\m 
dude   the concert last night was amazing!!
yay!!
hair
"woot for rhs making finals totally une playful ectedly!!! good job bombers!!!!!!! and a little shout out to cheney who i now love given my new home location  great job to all \<propfirst> says \woot!!!\"""""
finds the air on the back of his neck to be refreshing 
finally   decent wireless!
had a good weekend!
a death metal band? that's extracurricularriffic!
"turned in some more applications in the city today  things are finally looking up  some guy wants me to be in his metal band, but that's not a very high priority yet   i cant wait until <propfirst> scheideggergets home tomorrow   i miss her "
weeeee
that's some sexy chicken!
<propmale> potter + imax + tonight = win
<propmale> potter was amazing!
a winter storm has blown in from wherever   went to warm up the car and found about 4 inches of fresh powder   tomorrow's supposed to have a high of 8 and a low of -11   that'll be fun! 9_9
"there's a foot of fresh snow on the ground, and it's still coming down  today's forcast is a pleasurable 9* and a balmy low of -11*   tomorrow will be great with a whopping high of 10* and a low of -2*  more snow to come "
"i eat, therefore i am "
!
"why is \hello\"" such a good word when 4 5ths of it is considered bad?"""
yay!
is back in edgewood visiting family and friends 
"do the companies that publish college textbooks really have a hard enough time making money that they are forced to scam people by making binder books? once that seran wrap-thin layer is breached, it can no longer be sold back to anyone and therefore can only be purchased new "
is finding his business classes surprisingly interesting!
took my first tests in my business classes   i'm at 100%!
yay forex   
banana bread   oh hell yes!
"during his break from homework, <propmale> managed to install <propfemale> wars empire at war: forces of corruption on his 64 bit windows 7 through use of a windows  playful  virtual machine  thus, he circumvented the problem in which the system doesn't render the any of the startup menu  after the installation, the game worked flawlessly  now, it is time to change laundry and finish the last 2 paragraphs of his business homework "
why must shoes wear out?
"it was a nice day this morning, and so i walked over to the college in my t-shirt and vest as usual  a little nippy, but not bad  i would never have guessed that after the trip back would be me walking through a literal blizzard in a t-shirt and vest "
"so, apparently <propfirst> was right to tell me that the weather only gets worse  i woke up to find out that today is my first college snow day due to 'hazardous weather conditions ' what's more is eastern is also closed   surprise  (this is crazy stuff)"
"don't you just hate it when you look at the classes you want to take next quarter, and see that one of the classes has only 8 seats left and you have 3 hours to go until you can sign up for it?"
is gonna be jammin' like a salmon tomorrow! hell yeah!
"i'd kill for an ice cold bottle of leninade right about now   the <propfirst> meyers here doesn't <propfemale> it, pity "
\carry on my wayward son,\99dc541072499c0fda542bcb7456aee3,omg   kim is taking me to mayhem fest for my birthday!!!
"layovers, yay!"
homemade bacon cheeseburgers for lunch   hell yeah!
"screw just a bacon cheeseburger, we had california burgers of amazing! it was delicious!"
is e playful loring the facebook zune hd app!
i love chicken   so delicious
i love food   it's amazing and also life-sustaining!
i don't know how long they've been on the market   but i just tried the gillette fusion proglide razors   and they are bomb!!
laundry today   woohoo!
i've never been this excited to be going back to school before   
first college party tomorrow   lord of the rings marathon   oh hell yes 
