51d5bf2f71ca352ca68ee1a55202047f
happy new yr my ass  annoyed 
loves allegheny college in the summer  smile 
loves the rain  love 
don't pretend you'll ever forget about me    fob  love 
is getting sick in summer?     come on  annoyed 
i'm just a painter and i'm drawing a blank   
"swallow my doubt, turn it inside out, find nothin but faith in nothin"
don't you know who i think i am?   love  fob
is always hungry  laugh 
"? there's a fire in your eyes, and i hope you'll let it burn, there's a scream in your voice, and i hope you will be heard ?"
was one of those people at walmart today that you love to turn down when asking for donations for a good cause     killed them with kindness  smile   haha
thinking too much is really the death of me
woke up to the cutest kitten sleeping on my pillow with me  smile 
"and all the roads we have to walk are winding, and all the lights that lead us there are blinding   "
loves this kitten sooo much  love   love   love 
sorry people who got weird messages from me    my account was hacked into til just now    go figure  annoyed 
sorry people who got weird messages from me    my account was hacked into    go figure  annoyed 
sorry people who got weird messages from me    my account was hacked into    go figure  annoyed 
will be in florida tomorrow morning  smile 
has arrived in tampa  love  (and is never coming back ha ha)
going ice skating     in florida!!!  love 
back in ny for the fair then off to allegheny all over again  smile 
"the fair was amazing, all 9 hrs of it  smile  tomorrow back to allegheny  laugh "
is happy to be back  laugh  allegheny  laugh 
finally has the laptop back  laugh 
stats and neuro exams to study for already     grr   
rawr!
watching every seasons of the hills  smile 
got herself that adpi bid she was looking for  love 
loves loves loves my new sisters! and my biological one too!  smile  ha ha
good job my beautiful adpi's  smile 
drinking hot chocolate & studying    and being happy i got my big today!  smile  yay
let's see how honest fb friends are    leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting  smile  keep it going!!!
get your sporks ready     aannndddd its on  smile 
really feels like watching the nightmare before christmas for some reason     ?
spork safely    use condiments     smile  ha ha having way too much fun with this sporking thing    
"movie night  laugh  nightmare before christmas, wall-e, lion <propmale>     yay!"
can't wait to get my second tattoo and hope it can be done soon  laugh 
was just inspired by better believe <propmale>  smile 
its snowing?!?! really?
exam & paper due monday    grr
"madd at 5 smile 0am, exam and paper monday, and oh yeah, sick on top of it all    gonna be some weekend  annoyed "
just woke up from my post-madd 5hrs of actual sleep  laugh  now time to study  sad 
"done with exams til nov  4th    spring break plans are all set! sc, beach front hotel room yay  love "
watching all 5 saw movies in preparating of saw 6 tomorrow!  laugh 
"successfully smuggled cooked ramen noodles into the movie theater in her bra so she could enjoy their goodness while viewing saw <propfemale>    oh, there is a god   "
<> pi <> can't wait for initiation tonight <> pi <>
is no longer an <propfemale>  sad  but is a <propfemale>! woo woo!  laugh  adpi  love 
 love  has the second tattoo all planned and drawn up  love 
is going to the gym   ?
out of the doubt that fills my mind  i somehow find you and i     collide x3
3 exams wednesday?    seriously?  annoyed 
" smile  one more exam to go, then weekend!  smile "
hates fs spanish more than high school musical & the <propmale> brothers combined    grr   
is excited to go to the greek leadership conference tomorrow to represent! <> adpi <>
writing a fs spanish paper     forever   
isn't looking forward to stats at 8am    ugh   
"can someone whos taken spanish 325, 335 or 345 please tell me how it was? i dont know what one to take!"
"can someone whos taken spanish 325, 335 or 345 please tell me how it was? i dont know what one to take!"
is excited for <propfemale> <propmale>  & orchesis tonight!  love 
always meets some nice characters in the hall at 2am  always 
go to <propmale> of the wing 3-5pm today!! come support the <propfirst> mcdonald house!!
the mixer was fun  smile    love you <propfemale>  love   love   love 
hope i get the classes i want at 7 smile 0am tomorrow  annoyed 
loves reuter's computer lab    why do i not come here more often??
"go to the cc 2nd floor & support an amazing cause! 10,000 villages fundraiser! do it   ( 10am-6pm)"
time to write this psych paper    for real  annoyed 
hates stats exams on mondays at 8am     yay weekend  sad 
"doing laundry at 4am on a saturday, cuz i'm cool like that  annoyed "
today is where the book begins    the rest is still unwritten    
"f-r-e-e that spells free, credit report <propfemale> com baby  smile "
good night & good bye allegheny    tomorrow-sunday is ny's time  laugh 
"home with my puppy, kitten & bird    life is good  smile "
writing a spanish research paper at 2 smile 0am during thanksgiving break    yay college   
at rara & papa's    time to own at monopoly  love 
finally relaxing    my paper is done!
"my college bought laptop crashed after finishing a final paper    if <propmale> hall is nothing but a pile of ash tomorrow, thats me  wink "
should be getting the computer back tomorrow    in one piece    working   
"well, i got my computer back    and everythings different   bringing it back today probably    grrrrr"
 love  loves adpi  love 
o_0  coffee  0_o
off to carnegie to study   
about to call it a night   
"1 final down, 3 more to go   "
final at 2pm & 7pm    then only one more to go!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
is done    woo woo!  laugh 
back in the 716  smile 
is not jumping on the christmas status band wagon    technically  annoyed 
anndd let the festivities begin  laugh 
"oh, how things fall apart when people lie    hope it was worth it <propmale> "
getting snow tires tomorrow & can't wait to go back to allegheny   
lets have some fun copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best?  
car died while leaving to get my snow tires after my ice scraper broke and i couldnt feel my hands anymore  what are the odds? ha ha   
getting away to rara & papa's  love 
so if your from africa    why are you white?
packing for allegheny tomorrow  smile  can't wait to be back  smile 
home sweet home  smile 
getting my tattoo tomorrow  laugh  cant wait!!!  laugh 
got the tattoo i've wanted for forever! pics will go up after i can take the bandage off  laugh   laugh   laugh 
loves adpi and thats that  love 
 laugh  !run out!  laugh  can't wait to know who my new sisters are  smile 
"loves our alphas, deep down in my heart love  <pi3  love "
is sooo excited to be cor chair! adpi  love 
"just woke up, retreat was so worth it though! i love my little!  love  cute invitation making time  smile "
loved seeing my <propfemale> family today  smile    pi  love 
thinks a special little someone should check their mail  smile  hint   
first exam of the semester in an hour    let the fun begin  annoyed 
"walmart, <propfemale>'s, homework & movies  smile "
sewing some stuff  smile 
finally bought saw xi to finish off my collection  smile  yay!
can't wait to start making some cute stuff tonight  smile 
just got room draw #37!! woo woo!!
almost done with all her little stuffs  laugh  so exciting  smile 
"study, study, study   "
wants the gray adpi scarf that everone else has sad 
 smile  cookie cake  smile 
should i work in missouri or maine this summer? help me decide!!
is putting the lip ring back in this week  smile 
who has meetings at 8am?    bonners  annoyed 
gets to see all 9 of my kids tomorrow  smile 
"to the man on the i90 that hit me and made me fly off the road and hit that rail before i flipped completely over and wait for over an hr for a mean cop to come to sit in his heated car while i had to stay in my frezing car, thanks  fyi, i didn't die, just in case you were wondering since you didn't stop to check or exchange info  i will find you "
got the cutest cake from my little  smile  love you <propfemale> <propmale>!
"now has another amazing <propfemale> to <propfemale> up, right next to my poem  smile  thanks little!!  love "
!!!initiation!!!
concussion = dr  appointment = no spring party =  sad 
food & movies    my favorite  smile 
stats  annoyed 
exam-less until next friday  smile 
just got her third eye blind tickets for april 24th  smile 
best day ever!! got third eye blind tickets for $5 & am living in north village 2 next year  laugh 
   his name was <propfirst> paulson   
dying some hairs with the little  laugh 
"week before spring break, here i come   "
if your a bonner and wanna join my relay for life team please do so! we need a few more people  smile 
if your a bonner and wanna join my relay for life team please do so! we need a few more people  smile 
 laugh  vote <propfemale> <propmale> for asg!!! do it!!!  laugh 
4 more classes & 1 exam til spring break in sc!  love   love   love 
"going home to pack    then sunday at midnight, sc here we come!  love "
anyone have a car i can take to drive to sc til saturday morning?
plans came together just in time  heading out to <propfemale> beach tomorrow at noon!   love   love   love 
"strip club tomorrow $30,  hooters for dinner $45,  showing up all the hooters girls and getting bitchy looks for it, priceless      laugh  thank you <propfemale> beach  laugh "
is in love with a stripper    and misses <propfemale> beach  sad 
has never regretted taking 2 spanish classes at the same time as much as right   now   
completely done with part 1 of my take home span345 exam    now for the essays  annoyed 
"done with that take home exam    only took up like 5 days of my life, no biggie   "
was officially offered the job i wanted in maine for the summer  laugh 
happy birthday little!!! <pi3
"sign up for the health walk on may 1st! i want 100+ total attending and currently have around 75- prizes like tv's, wii's, gps, blue <propfirst> player, cam corder, ipod touch!!  laugh    do it!"
"is still getting used to having a supportive, caring, non-bitchy & non-confrontational boyfriend that understands i can talk to other boys as friends with out the hr-long accusations afterwards    this life is so much better  smile "
   need   sleep     o_0
"registers for classes at 7 smile 0am, theres 1 spot in the 2 classes i need & the other 2 are closed  no other classes will count for either of my 2 majors    why me, webadvisor?"
"if you are brave     copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy 2: i'd marry you   3 talkative   4: sassy   5: loveable   6: too nice   7: moody   8: sexy  9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute   18: smart ass   19: bubbly  and 20: all of the above    come on guys, we'll still be buddies seriously do it don't be a wimp "
"dear self, please write that paper you know you need to write  i hope you feel guilty everytime you read this status as you check facebook & waste more time  thanks  love me "
is of unproportionate measures   
thirde eye blind concert tonight! gotta love perks like this for going to allegheny  smile 
has a new found appreciation for third eye blind  smile  they were amazing live  smile 
i love rain  laugh 
nos tienen miedo porque no tenemos miedo    effing spanish 345  annoyed 
the hills  love 
i love adpi  love   singles add for <propfemale> thorn's senior poem? i think so   
thinks everyone should start raising that $15 for the health walk this saturday to support the fcca & meadville area free clinic  smile 
really thinks jafar from alladin looks like <propmale>    
"\i swear to god hell is under the couch\"" - shaka sadler"""
loves adpi  love 
"\all i want is 'unfortunate foot cramp' written on my toumbstone\"" -shaka sadler"""
"seniors, please don't make me cry anymore because your graduating  it's your own dam fault that your all so amazing, which makes me sad that i'll have to miss you  okay? k thanks "
so who has a dress i can wear to formal in like an hour???
best  adpi  formal  ever     until the end  annoyed 
"? w? ???? ?? ???? ??? ?? ƒ?????? ? ???ƒ??? ???s??, ?µ? ?? ???????? ?? s?? ?? ?????ƒ??? ???s?? ???ƒ?????   love "
"2 classes done, 2 to go   "
"dear stats, why can't we just agree to disagree?"
? 's <propfemale> thorn for giving her the cutest letter & most amazing pin box ever!    pi  love 
 love  's <propfemale> furey & our cute lunch date this morning  smile 
"sleep, i'm glad we found some time to catch up, i've missed you so much"
"was so productive today, sewed cute adpi letters on my bag, and painted cute adpi wooden letters for next yr     if only this enthusiasm applied to studying spanish   "
loves her boyfriend alot 
finally has an aim but no buddies  sad  if you have one let me know what it is so i can eventually add you  smile 
done packing for the night & watching the waterboy  laugh 
made the cutest blankets ever with amon manekul  smile 
needs to upload more pictures soon  annoyed 
finally has the time to be all artsy-craftsy  laugh 
is donating 10 in  of hair to locks of love this weekend  smile  it's gonna be sooo short ahhh    but its totally worth it  smile 
cutting off 90% of my hair tomorrow     ahhhh!
has short flippy hair again  smile 
finally added short hair pics so people will stop bugging me about it ha ha  smile 
happy 1st birthday baby rain  smile 
 laugh  i love target  laugh 
hopes amon manekul & the rest of the <propmale> camp staff are having an amazing camp out!!
is ready for august 16th  annoyed 
really wants my other tattoo    like now 
loves when amon manekul tags me in his status  love 
leaving for maine thursday at 5am!
is addicted to another show that she can't watch regularly til mid august    great   
loves the summer camp but misses amon manekul
really loves my 10 girls!
we love & miss you <propfirst> *3 15 92 - 6 20 10*
can't wait for july 22nd!  love 
is missing adpi right about now  annoyed 
will be on a plane going to indy in 2 days  love 
"\ love  you will soon achieve perfection\"" (fortune cookie)"""
"as of today has the best fiancé ever, amon manekul  love   love   love "
thanks everyone for all the congrats about the engagement  smile  i'm so happy  smile     love 
is one mountain hiking adventure away from being with amon again  love 
"wishes she got to say bye to everyone @ tsc before she left, i miss you girls!  love "
darien lake  love 
will be back at college soon  smile     love 
loves nv2  love  but its still missing its secret weapon: shaka sadler
playing backgammon  smile 
"dear shaka sadler, do you realize that class starts tomorrow and you have yet to move into our apartment? your roomies are worried, cuz we know how you are  k thanks "
" love  rip <propmale> <propmale>, i'lll miss you tons  we had so many good times & some heart to hearts along the way  at least you made it to arizona to be with your kids before your time came  hug cumare for me- at least your back together again  smile  miss you both  love "
bonner overnight training!  smile 
bonner love  love 
karmas not even a big enough bitch for some people  annoyed 
has the best  fiance  ever   love 
"dear titanic, \nom nom nom nom!\sincerely, \iceberg"
"after (m)onday & (t)uesday, even the week says wtf  annoyed "
has a bonner site of my own  laugh 
<propfirst> sold his soap to department stores at $20 a bar  lord knows what they charged  it was beautiful  we were selling <propmale> women their own fat asses back to them 
is doing extensive comp research 3 weeks into <propmale> year?? oh god 
\dad," why is justin beiber so white?\"" \"51d5bf2f71ca352ca68ee1a55202047f,has her first midterm of the semester today    it's 4 weeks into classes    really allegheny?
is anyone interseted in being a mentor for middle & high school kids on probation? i need a few serious volunteers on mondays and or thursdays from 3-5 smile 0pm for an after school program  the program starts oct  4 th- if interested let me know so i can set up an interview with you!!!
"i need mentors for middle & high school kids\on probation! it's mondays and or\thursdays from 3-5 smile 0pm for an after school program  the program starts\oct  4 th- if interested let me know so i can set up an interview with\you!!!"
can't wait to go to buddha's today  laugh 
3 hrs down & 4 sources later and i don't even have one of these 3 neuro essays written completely    eff take home exams  annoyed 
is proud of how far i've come in life  smile 
god i love my probation kids  smile 
"oficially finished my 900 hr americorp commitment  smile  \bonner  love "
"tattoo today!!!     again  laugh  this is the last one, i swear  annoyed "
i still need some volunteers for my juvenile probation program! if your interested and want to know more about it let me know!  smile 
i love lazy saturdays  smile  and free wings & t-shirts  smile 
?? the rest is still unwritten ??
"i like it in my car, cuz thats when i realize i need it the most     wink "
"why do people bring up god when talking about gays? do you even know if god is real? or that there isn't multiple gods? and that none of them support freedom to love who you want? shut up already! if your not god, i don't want to hear you mention him in relation to gays and think its legit  lets allow others to have their own opinions & not get killed for it  k thanks "
back in the 716 til sunday with no homework  smile  i love fall break  love 
can't wait to be a hot dog for halloween  laugh 
loves getting mail in the form of checks at college but bills at home    just when you think you made out pretty good       annoyed 
today keep getting better & better  love 
nothing like playing wii's super <propfirst> brothers with the fiance  love 
"just finished the cutest halloween adpi letters, now onto the cute christmas ones     smile "
"oh, how wonderful my family can be   "
literature review section of my comp proposal = 12 pages = done!
"\you need to do more drugs\"" - professor hollerman    no e playful lanation needed   """
will be home tomorrow! can't wait to go trick-or-treating  smile 
driving home in my hot dog costume  no joke 
"dear pushy ass people, \\please stop sliding massive amounts of useless papers concerning election stuff under my door  how about you try letting people make their own judgement calls on who to vote for to see if your opinionated view are really supported by those who can think for themselves  k thanks    \\sincerely, \angel"
! <adpi>  initiation tonight  <adpi> !
really needs to upload a ton of pictures   
writing my spanish paper so i can start my takehome exam so i can study for my midterm    god where did my life go??
"had a very productive day at agls  love  adpi  love  oh, and i really like <propfemale> <propfemale>  love "
"is so excited to be on that the summer camp for girls postcard, you don't even know!  laugh "
i'm definitely not going to get any classes i need by registering last    eff   
"is so proud she put up so many pictures, but is gonna be screwed for that midterm tomorrow  playful   priorities   "
i love pandora more than any love song it could find could e playful lain  love 
"i already told you that falling is easy\it's getting back up that becomes the problem, becomes the problem \if you don't believe you can find a way out\you've become the problem, become the problem"
just remembered class tomorrow was canceled    finally getting to sleep in for once    be jealous   
finally going to see saw 3d  laugh 
really loves castle crashers  playful 
"i hate computer science labs    eff distribution, i have no interest in it! why make me take it?"
does allegheny have an archery club of any sort? i'm certified for 3 yrs  and want to use it for something  playful 
going home soon to celebrate <propfemale> armbrust's b-day a little early  smile  wonder what i got her!!  playful 
"come support the 10,000 villages fundraiser during its last day today! open 10am-7pm, come help a great cause & get some x-mas shopping done!   love "
had a great day in erie- got my tattoo touched up & getting my ring sized  smile  but i have to wait til wednesday to pick it up  annoyed 
"finalizing my comp stuff, eating home made soup & pandora    gotta love these kind of sundays  smile "
wednesday- picking up my ring  love  getting the cats christmas present & going to the watch the sabres kick some penguin ass   love   love  perfect? i think so   
"one lab away from: cleaning, sleep, getting my ring back love  then the sabres vs  losers game  laugh  so excited!"
let's go sabres!  love  don't eff with buffalo fans  playful 
"dear sabres, \i love how thoughtful you are for letting the penguins win tonight because amon manekul was there to watch it and everything goes his way, but please do not do that again or else, \\love, \   everyone"
officially owns hello <propfemale> footy pajamas  laugh  i  love  life 
"donating bunches of clothes & stuff for the holidays, you should too!"
raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways
would be the one to get sick after break & before finals  playful  of course   
is not respected & pissed about it   
"don't mistake my kindness for weakness - you're badly mistaken if you think i don't stand up for myself    hmm, isn't that why you didn't like me in the first place?  smile "
"\do not be a leader and use it to your own advantage\"" - ugandan proverb  ironic?"""
"baby you're a firework, come on show them what you're worth  love "
"has been watching ultimate fighter since noon    i have 1 out of 5 pages written for my paper    i feel like this should bother me, however         laugh "
spanish paper & comp sci lab all day     playful 
"so if you're from africa, why are you white?"
"changing your profile picture to a cartoon isn't going to stop child abuse  yes, it spreads awareness, which is good, but how many people that changed their picture will actually be active in dealing with stopping child abuse? maybe a few    if you really want to help, volunteer at a local shelter or organization that deals hands on with these issues to make sure you make a real difference, and not a superficial one "
"guess my engagement still isn't good enough for acknowledgment    that's okay, it's only been what, over 5 months i've waited? like it even surprises me at this point   "
neuro paper til our bonner gathering at the roncolato's house  love  bbl  love 
loves how bonner respects everyone & what they bring to the group  love  no other organization can offer that to you  love 
happy birthday to the best guys i know- my stepdad (<propmale> armbrust) & my dad!
gsp won against koscheck  laugh  thank god! maybe koscheck will shut up finally & realize he's never gonna win against him  playful 
"got a 100% on my spanish final paper    a+ in that class, yes please  laugh "
time to work on getting that passport for spring break  love 
"home with my kitten, bird & dog    this could be really cute or really deadly   "
is so bored at home  playful  ahhhhh! can't it be christmas already?! or new years?!?
"wrapping the last few presents  love  with the help of fluffles rain    well, something like helping  playful "
had a <propfemale> jolly christmas  now waiting for my other christmas & new years <propfemale> celebration with amon manekul   love   love   love 
had the best christmas ever with amon manekul & loves everything from him  love   love   love 
"rip <propmale>  hopefully its the last death for a while now, there's been too many recently "
"\my nephew watched <propfemale> and now he won't take off his backpack\"" - shaka sadler"""
is going to need volunteers again for my juvenile probation program! if you think you might be interested let me know so i can email you more details when i know the schedule for this semester!
is excited to see everyone again @ bonner dinner tomorrow  love   love   love 
angel loves bonner
loves all our amazingly badass new <propfemale>'s  love 
"i love fighting for what i believe in, but i hate that it has to always come to that    "
"in macon, <propfemale> born and raised    i love my pride  smile "
our apartments nothing short of a hot mess  playful 
feels a whole lot of     blah   
is an advocate of social justice
i wish that dam football game would stop interrupting my funny commercials  playful 
happy 2 year anniversary amon !  love  i couldn't be happier with you  love 
first saturday i've gotten to sleep in all semester  i can get used to this  playful 
is excited for valentines day  love  it's tied with halloween as my favorite  smile 
"came home to breakfast waiting, flowers on the table & amon manekul with his cute \i did good\"" smile on his face  smile  love you pokie  smile """
"1 paper, 1 quiz, 1 book interview & 3 exams all in one week, not counting all the meetings i have  i e playful ect this of allegheny, but i still like to bitch about it   "
driving to erie for some gift card usage  smile 
<propfemale> armbrust & <propfirst> armbrust will be here tomorrow!  smile  yay family reunion!
"work, work, work   "
"hey allegheny people, anyone want to buy my 40in tv from me at the end of this semester? i'll be getting a different one for next yr  let me know!!"
is sooo excited to be living in the castle next year  smile  woo woo!
will be 21 a week from today?! oh  god 
i love my job  smile 
i'm officially 21!  love 
is so happy i don't have to go through room draw bs!!
finally has a phone that i can answer calls on without having to plug it up  smile  yay!
got the job!
"has her game face on, bitches"
"work from 6-10 smile 0ish then booking it to ny with amon manekul  smile  <propfemale> armbrust & <propfirst> armbrust, we shall be there by 1am!"
you will? if not i'll tell <propfemale> to go get you up  playful  lol
"oh, we've been on break? cuz i was just as busy as normal  playful  eff my life "
"next yr i only have to take comp courses & credit no credits, even as a double <propmale>   smile  all my planning finally will pay off!  laugh   laugh "
anyone want to buy my 40in tv at the end of this semester? i'm getting another one for next yr & don't need it! let me know!!
"is sooo excited to run the 10,000 villages fundraiser this semester & next year!  smile "
moving onto bigger & better things & happily leaving the others behind  smile 
