0a4ad7695c1c5cfe831d8f0fe31a85a0
is super glad she got to see her amazing man this past week and cant wait for august lol
is exhausted for working like 30+ hours since firday morning   
"is confused, sad, upset, glad    just really unsure lol  sad "
is really bored   lol
is discombobulated   
is freaking herself out lol
is going to see her amazinf sister and bestest <propmale>  smile 
is thinking about penguins  smile 
is thinking that weather might interupt going camping this weekend a little bit     sad 
had a really great day hanging out with <propfirst>  smile 
is super duper happy!  laugh  lol
wishes that 6 months was longer but so glad its not shorter lol  smile 
wishes some things in life were easier     annoyed 
is super exiting about getting her tax return done! money money money  laugh  lol
cant wait to get off work tomorrow night   well i guess tonight lol  smile 
is exhuasted from working and looking forward to thursday off!  laugh 
lol is already ready for wednesday night!  laugh 
fl in seven days!!!  laugh  yay!!!
chilling with the lil man tonight  smile 
in florida! yay! lol its so beautiful!!  laugh 
going to the beach for a little bit  smile 
she grew up on the side of the road where church bells ring and strong love grows she grew up good she grew up slow   steady as a preacher free as a weed couldnt wait to get goin' but wasnt quite ready to leave so innocent pure and sweet like american <propfemale>   oh i miss those days are the years go by   nothing's sweeter than summertime and american <propfemale>
back in va! being away makes me appreciate home and everyone around me  smile 
"phone is almost dead and i wont have the charger til tonight or tomorrow morning, if ya really need to talk text <propfemale> lol  smile  love you <propfemale>!"
had a super fun hilarious night lol
thanks for the leadership     lol
my phone got stolen on wednesday night! so give me a call or a text or send it to me in a message so i have your number again!!!
"\your going into the conference room untill you decide to give me half off on all the pizza!\""   \""this is stupid\""   \""you dont even know what stupid is!!!\"""""
someone just shoot me please    x(
"\sometimes life is hard and you have to push yourself farther than you ever thought you were capable of\"""""
i lov the rain but i wish it would rain ridiculously hard or not at all   
im super happy to be able to drive again   still wont have a picture id for a few days but atleast i can drive lol  smile 
if you have equipment you should learn how to use it   
i miss <propmale> so much    
so pretty much all moved out and all moved back in at my parents house   9 people in one house    oh joy   
anyone want to buy a beautiful little '96 '04 mustang?
i've got the ticket!! march 30th at 2:10 i leave for brisbane!!!  laugh 
37 more days then australia here i come  laugh 
gee whiz man   i feel so old   how did this happen?   and how do we make it stop?  annoyed 
netflix is down!!!! what is this world coming to    *sigh*    
im in australia!!! its beautiful <propfemale> and warm!!  smile  (miss everybody already)
today i'm going to apply for a few jobs walk around e playful loring a little and hopefully take a few pictures for everyone to see  smile 
so i forgot my camera at the house so no pictures today sorry  sad  but guess what i saw!!!!! walking around indooroopilly shopping centre i saw a guy with a st <propfirst> cardinals hat!!! lol how crazy is that?!  laugh 
so went out to a local pub and got on the wrong bus going home going the opposite way and the bus driver gave us a ride all the way home like literally outside our house!! lol craziness im telling you   pure craziness    
