619ce54f3e357654daa9bad0d9862bef
getting these pesky stitches out tomorrow!  laugh 
--bought a notebook    finally!
can't wait to go to the zoo!!
"three day weekend, it's going to be fun  wink "
i don't wanna go back to work    sigh    fantastic weekend though!!! and next weekend should be fun too!
"i'm not scared, 'cause i know there's something out there waiting for me  and i swear, i'm gonna find it someday just wait and see "
"   just hit a deer, it killed part of my car    ugh"
wrapping would not be on my list of talents   
getting ready to get the wisdoms out    sigh
"welp the teeth are gone, bring on the wisdom   "
"mmmmm    chicken and stars, oh how long till i get tired of you??? haha"
"i'm tired, but not  i'm hungry, but not  i'm bored, but not  ugh"
[ ] do you want to rock? [ ] do you want to roll? [ ] do you want to get down on the floor? [x] all of the above!
let's get fucked up and die!     i'm speaking figuratively of course 
"i think of life itself now as a wonderful play that i've written for  myself, and so my purpose is to have the utmost fun playing my part "
"we're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance "
i have no special talents   i am only passionately  curious 
how long has it been since someone touched part of you  other than your body?
discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and  thinking what nobody has thought 
you can't live a perfect day without doing something for  someone who will never be able to repay you 
always the bridesmaid    
optimist: someone who isn't sure whether life is a tragedy  or a comedy but is tickled silly just to be in the play 
"the end of childhood is when things cease to astonish us   when the  world seems familiar, when one has got used to existence, one has become  an adult "
"everyone should learn to do one thing supremely well  because he likes it, and one thing supremely well because he detests it "
i arise in the morning torn between a <propfemale> to improve  the world and a <propfemale> to enjoy the world   this makes it hard to plan  the day 
all good people find one another   
the human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by  the hand of man 
"my idea is that there is music in the air, music all around us; the  world is full of it, and you simply take as much as you require "
"why not seize the pleasure at once, how often is happiness  destroyed by preparation, foolish preparations "
"a hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange "
"beautiful and graceful, varied and enchanting, small but  approachable, butterflies lead you to the <propfemale> side of life   and  everyone deserves a little sunshine "
"i like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells   fantasy is a  necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through  the wrong end of a telescope   which is what i do, and that enables you  to laugh at life's realities "
"rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass  under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or  watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of  time "
"boys, boys, everywhere but not a drop to drink i want to find a good one who still knows how to think"
"i'm not wearing underwear today, no im not wearing underwear today not that you probably care much about my underwear still none the less i gotta say that im not wearing underwear today!"
how old would you be if you didn't know how old you were?
my boobs got me free tickets to the theater tonight!
i held a human brain today    what have you done?
"says; please don't annoy me, 'cause i am runnin' outta of places to hide the bodies"
wonders why the voice in her head has a scottish accent and sounds a little drunk?
<-- is my name! isn't it awesome!?!
"dogs have all the luck  i mean, i sit and speak all the time    where's my flippin' cookie?"
"i wouldn't call myself crazy, just mentally hilarious and omg  could you imagine what it would be like if there were two of me?"
"have you ever just wanted to run up to a stranger and say \your it\"" and run away? i have!"""
oh grilling you are the best!
you just keep on trying till you run out of cake 
who you callin a cootie <propfemale>? you lint licker!
"ooh-ee-ooh-ah-ah, ting-tang-walla-walla-bing-bang"
    wants to remind everyone to wang <propfirst> tonight 
"though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start \from now and make a brand new ending "
"there is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book  books are well written, or badly written  that is all "
does anyone else put things in a safe place   then forget where that safe place is??
thinks we should work for 2 days and have 5 off every week for the same pay 
what's your spice of life?
[error 403: user has become unresponsive due to excessive fatigue]
"the memories that we share, are those that i hold onto  those are the ones that put a smile on my face everyday!  smile "
----^-----^----~-~\\o ~-~-----sharks!!!!
"isn't the kind of girl your parents warned you about    trust me, they never even saw me coming!"
the evil me makes the good me giggle
"maybe if i squint my eyes more, i will be able to hear you better    "
okay then
mmmm baseball booties
woohoo zoo here i come!
zoo was awesome! most all the animals were out and about  laugh 
hey batter batter batter  swing batter!
why dont we have fireworks more?
happy independence day  laugh 
we on this continent should never forget that men first crossed the atlantic not to find soil for their ploughs but to secure <propfemale> for their souls 
wish i was swimming   
i'm ready for another vacation!
<----- is a status within itself 
i have the makings of a plan forming    who has the details
nothing better than leaving work early  laugh  except no work at all
"the best things in life are free\\but you can give it to the birds an' the bees\\i need some money, need some money  oh yeah, what i want"
groan
ahahahaha off! i'm off! whoo
"<-- this little chicky has been taken hostage by her bed    don't panic, she is in negotiations and hopes to have it resolved in a few hours"
cancelled   
"dear body, contrary to how you may feel, you are only 23  stop acting like a li'l old lady, and start acting your age  the joke is over now  thanks, me "
bon accord 
do you think i'm blind! of course i smell it!
is going to the nearest <propmale> to search for unicorns 
"i don't like making plans for the day, because then the word \premeditated\"" gets thrown around in the courtroom """
"facebook is like the fridge    you keep checking on it every 10 minutes, but there really isn't anything new for you to look at "
brains for dinner? come on!  brains are for breakfast with cereal and milk   dinner's organs and eyeballs 
"*cell phone, cell phone, where could you be?*"
i now am graced with two job offers on the table   laugh 
first day of orientation today    but first classes    and some <propfemale> time  wink 
"this is how it works:  you're young until you're not  you love until you don't  you try until you can't  you laugh until you cry  you cry until you laugh  and everyone must breathe, until their dying breath "
"says it is hard to find a friend who: tells it like it is, hates drama, and is 92% crazy! sooo   make sure you keep me as a friend  wink "
i'm a multi-tasking procrastinator    i can put many things off at once 
<~~~ha! wouldn't you like to know what i'm up too!
: i'm your huckleberry 
"- dear phone,\if you would just find your way back to me, i would so happy to see you again   please come to my pocket soon!\ love  me   "
": toucha toucha toucha touch me, i wanna feel dirty  thrill me chill me fulfil me, creature of the night "
the boondock saints     yes please!
phoneless
must have payed my pence because this morning pooof there it is    
i can't wait for tomorrow!
the single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place 
i  love  my family!
"we should all be obliged to appear before a board every five years, and justify our existence    on pain of liquidation "
"oh, i'm a human, raised by humans   "
"you can't argue with the fools in the world   it's better to let them \have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention "
what are three things my friends would say about me and my life if i died today?   
1 99 longislands    the universe wants me to drink
"semester one under the belt: check\finishing with a 4 0: check!!\on to round two   "
is
"may today there be peace within  may you  trust that you are exactly where you  are meant to be  may you not forget  the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others  may you be content with yourself just the way you are  let this knowledge settle into your bones, and allow your soul the freedom to sing, dance, praise and love "
quotes are nothing but inspiration for the uninspired 
"she was unlike most other girls of her age, in this - that she had ideas of her own   "
"without <propfirst>'s day, february would be    well, january   ~jim gaffigan"
why do you have to be so darn cute?  eh? tell me!
would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really was all fun and games up till that point?
thinks it's time to relax and enjoy how very lucky she really is  she is so truly blessed to have such wonderful family and friends!
