9abbd4ac2e3dc10cb68c34efdb7a5416
"had a good time last night  all the hard work paid off, good job <propfemale> !"
thanks everyone who came up to saratoga last night !
is getting ready for the stakeholders meeting    
trying to wrap things up    
happy independence day !
is excited to meet <propmale> for lunch  smile 
"is spending the day with <propfirst> in albany, very excited !"
getting ready for tra's visit
has finally settled her beef with lowes !
hates all this rain !
is listening to the guys next door working on the roof
is headed to the farmers market
thinks that president obama should pay for my masters  smile 
tried her hand at golfing this morning
hanging in with my hunny    
"is meeting with a photographer, and then dinner with my family for <propfirst>'s birthday  smile "
enjoyed breakfast with dad and <propfirst> at cafe <propfemale>
attempting to clean the apt for my weekend company  smile 
"starting to feel better about things, all i am missing is a job"
"thinks i broke my toe, again     "
had a nice night hanging out with <propmale> and <propfemale>
is going to maree's today ! yay !
"one more down, one to go     "
wishes unemployment paid more    
"looking for a job, then over to karens"
was happy to spend the day with the cioffi's
watching the baby
wants to know if anyone has any connections at the albany ymca    
is very upset at sutter's  !!! grrr    
can't wait for tonight !
is making <propmale>'s favorite    meatloaf! yummy
rip <propmale> ptak d c
is learning to make a cheesecake from the very best
is ready for some football !
wishes she had a pumpkin spice latte
thinks today is truely a beautiful day !
is going to larkfest !
sunday is for football !
"wishes she was going to switzerland with her brother, what a lucky duck  congrats <propfirst> !"
workin on my website    
"back in albany, bumbed i missed the giants blow out"
can't believe how much you miss when your away from facebook for 3 days !
is not looking forward to jury duty 
lost my phone  sad 
"got a new phone, sorry if i missed you    still trying to work things out"
had to get a new phone     please txt me your number b c i lost them all !!
is done  with jury duty of course  smile 
long day    
"yay! <propmale> is home, the giants gave oakland a beaten, and i rocked out in fantasy football this week  i am a happy camper  smile "
home early from work  smile 
getting ready to watch the big game  go big blue !
had a great time in vt this weekend !
party went well  smile 
wedding planning with <propfirst>  smile 
was reminded why i love hanging out with my friends tonight  smile 
needs a vacation
is now looking for something else to occupy my time  annoyed 
enjoying 2011 and working diligently on the january 1st friday maps
"is disapointed the weather didn't let her have dinner with a good friend, maybe next time"
white
is trying to find her way    
wishes tra a wonderful bday
"is crazy busy today, your welcome <propfemale>  wink "
who knew that 1st friday had so many participants ?
feels like running away   
needs to start getting paid for all her hard work 
looking forward to celebrating matthews birthday tonight
"chicken & dumplings, rockband, and a sweet perfection cake    company welcome  smile "
"crab legs for dinner, what could be better ?"
"working hard today, so i don't have to it tomorrow  smile "
thank you to all for my bday wishes !!!!! xoxo
is a busy <propfemale> today    
is doing 1rst friday ads
just cooked enough to feed an army !
"got a lil blue box in the mail today,  love  u guys are awesome !  love "
can't wait to play in the rain on saturday !
is headed to mtown tonight
keys anyone ?
"wonders why she is inside on a day like today, but was outside in the rain on sunday    "
is a little too excited to go to beff's tonight  smile 
is trying to get moving on wedding plans  smile 
has two very needy dogs today and is still trying to get work done  wish me luck !
enjoyed the evening with my brother and his <propmale> friends  smile 
wishes her dear friend <propfemale> a very happy 30th birthday !!!
"is finishing up first friday ads, hope friday's weather will be better then today  smile "
says bring it on  !
"looks like i will be in the city on tuesday afternoon, will anyone be around ?"
home from nyc and soooooo tired !
south pacific  smile 
"is thinking about what her next career should be    perhaps something out of character, like a sumo wrestler or a hot air balloon pilot"
amtrak is so much better then the metronorth !
excited about chinese food for lunch !
is working hard or hardly working ?
just ordered envelopes for our wedding invites !!
is at a not for profit marketing seminar
is packing for az  smile 
is leaving on a jet plane
congats <propfirst> !!!
is finally home      
had a great day with the family ! lots of good things to come  smile 
had a great meeting with <propfemale> o  smile 
feels bad that <propfemale> is sick
is having technical difficulties
is spring cleaning
"just got back from the community walk, and a morning full of volunteering "
happy fathers day to all the fathers and soon to be fathers !
is having a very bad day !
anyone looking for design work ?
going to pick up the invitations    its about time  smile 
is having an off day !
is looking forward to 3 pm
happy 4th everyone !
"is so excited that we got our first wedding gifts in the mail, thank you aunt <propfirst> and aunt caterine  smile "
really looks forward to seeing lots of her family and friends together in one spot tomorrow  smile 
"thank you to all who came to my bridal shower yesterday, it means the world to me !!!!"
"wonders why my cat keeps calling people, maybe he is lonely    "
is working on first friday ads for aug 
someone stole my ipod over the weekend  i am not happy !
date night with <propmale> was much need  love 
 love  's fluff
is baking a cake for a very lucky bday girl !
dislikes 97% humidity !
less then 60 days to go    
is a busy <propfemale> today !
is excited about the visit of her dear friend <propfemale> today !
enjoying watching father of the bride with <propmale>
"had a great weekend with <propfirst>, what a great surprise visit !"
needs a serious office makeover !
"today is 8 31, if you haven't sent a response    please please do so  thank you !"
is so excited that pumpkin lattes are finally here even though it is 90 degrees 
is trying to catch up !
just finished the 2010-2011 ff draft  let the season begin !
thinks that today is just going to be one of those days    but is ok with it 
thank you to all the ladies for a great night
"went to the town hall today, one step closer to being a mrs "
made apple crisp today     yum !
is excited to be going to her very first giants home game this weekend  smile 
hates when the program i am working with randomly decides to shut down  that is an hour i am not getting back !
"is in full wedding mode, watch out !  wink "
seven days to go !
is trying to get everything done on time     4 more days
is married !
thank you to everyone who made our special day perfect!!!!  love 
"is very excited to have 3 new babies in the family !!! is wishing <propfirst>, <propfemale> and their family the very best  smile "
made some chili and is trying to watch some football !
getting ready to see <propmale> matthews tonight !
"i know i am a little behind, but happy thanksgiving everyone  smile "
"is watching \santa claus is comin' to town\"""""
headed to ithica for the start of a fun filled weekend 
"thinks her computer has seen better days, and hopes it will hold on for a couple more months"
i must say i am very blessed for wonderful family and friends ! <propfemale> christmas everyone !!!!
any day in which you show the people whom you love that you think they are awesome is good in my book  happy valentines day !
thank you for all the birthday wishes !!!!!
thanks again to everyone who sent me birthday wishes !!!!!
"picking up my new computer, i couldn't be happier"
"can't wait to go home and install cs5 on my new powerbook  thanks <propfirst> ptak, your the best brother ever  smile "
