2b8dd483c95b0ac04686d421f07b66c6
is going camping tomorrow! yay!
is in kentucky!
thank you all who wished me happy birthday   it really did make my day!  smile 
sorry all   i rearly come on facebook  but all the folks i havent talked to in a while  im sorry  i miss you and just wanted to tell you i didnt forget about you   smile  <propfemale> christmas 
"i hate how last night they had backstreet boys sing cause \there the best\"" bs! i was poed  they should have had nsync  they were way better back in the day """
the brave little toaster is easily my favorite movie from when i was little   smile 
"my laptop isnt charging for crap! have to go to best buy and see whats wrong, and in the mean time, i have to use my moms computer    yay    "
finaly learning the guitar   smile 
is watching rugrats! ive missed this show  smile 
trying to figure everything out on her droid   smile 
strange things are afoot at the circle k  (;
can finally announce her engagment!  smile  yay!!
strange things are afoot at the circle k   smile 
is crazy excited for this weekend and next weekend! <propfemale> much wedding stuff going on! yay! i love weddings 
my fiancè is amazing  he stoped on a busy high way to pick me the first sunflower he saw this year!  smile 
im getting more and more excited to become kens wife!  laugh  i want my forever to start as soon as possible 
i hate bitter sweet moments 
"off tomorrow, and the old poop car is kaput!  sad  ill miss my old poop car "
meeting at a potencial venue tomorrow! exciting!  smile 
girls spending a bunch of money on contacts to make your eyes bigger? what is our world coming to?!
"\hot potato is a very different game when the players are starving  then its like my potato \""  smile """
watching home alone 2    and it makes me want to go to new york 
"241 days till my the rest of my life begins   smile  \ahh love    makes you act <propfemale> silly "
224 days!!!  smile 
"got home from work at midnight, i just got in to bed, and cant sleep! oh and i have work tomorrow at 9am    ): i really don't wanna wake up early "
smells like skunk eew
"somedays it feels good to wake up at 4am, and go to <propfirst>'s  smile  e playful ecally when your meeting someone there before they go to work  i haven't been up this early in a long long time "
thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday!  smile 
i hate when the power goes out and your stuck looking for a bunch of candles just to light up the room
kingdon drags and car show today and tomorrow! its going to be an awesome weekend!
"ugh  i did not want to wake up, and now i'm super hungry  and that sucks cause there's nothing to eat in this house!"
<propfemale> las bio-dome!!!
but wait! it happened at sea    sea  c for catwoman!
blah     can't sleep     
oh how i love tahoe 
so busy at work 
i love walking out side and smelling the rain on the streets!  smile  finaly fall shows its self!
oh wow    175 days until the big day!! crazy
"i have that stupid pink song stuck in my head, where she says \and your too school for cool\"" and its driving me bonkers!"""
"its funny, i don't have to watch  any games, all i have to do is come on facebook, and someone is rambling on about who won, and the scores!     sheesh"
wedding dress shopping!  smile  its exciting
"aahh    it might be the one    but gatta keep looking, just to make sure  "
"alright cheesy blasters! you take a hot dog stuff it with some <propfirst> cheese, fold it in a pizza, you got cheesy blasters!"
wow this is probably the lamest halloween for me by far   
my new face moisturizer smells funny   
hahaha wow  i just found the first season of aaahh!!! real monsters on netflix! haha
mmm i probably make the best tuna fish sandwichs ever! it really hit the spot   smile 
"live every week, like its shark week   smile "
engagement pictures! yay!  smile 
the day was simply wonderful 
"it feels weird, not going to work this morning   and being able to sleep in   smile "
"so i went to my dads and took home some of my old toys, and my old super nintendo was in the bin  i was super excited to play! but it dosnt have the power plug!"
apple hill!!  smile 
so i found out i have work at 2:45am on black friday  its going to be interesting   smile 
its pretty sad that the charger for my laptop is whats keeping my feet warm 
work at 4 smile 0am  poo  
"\nonsense poopy pants!\""  smile """
"hahahaha i'm at the part in ace ventura when he's trying to get out of the rino, and it looks like he was pooped out   hahaha who ever came up with that is my hero"
"i just woke up from a nap, and i had the weirdest dream "
"\hey abbot!!\"""""
sweet  i don't have to wake up at three tomorrow!
i'm on my way to oroville!  smile 
i think the thing i'm most excited for tomorrow is the <propfemale>'s thanksgiving day parade!  smile 
"an hour left, but it feels like i still have 20  ):"
125 days   smile 
i often wonder what life would be like if the car wasn't invented   
the only thing i like about running is the end   lol
"<propfemale>ing out with people that work together sucks, they always talk about work  and i'm like uhh     and its kinda annoying  so    coworkers we need to <propfemale> out!"
i can't believe it's almost 2011! crazy  this year went by wayy to fast 
<propfemale> christmas world!  smile 
it was a good christamas   smile 
"sleep is calling me    i think im going to obey  \tootles "
"its a beautiful day, and i'm stuck at work till 7! ):"
its so exciting!  smile 
"all day tomorrow, just like most of the day today, is going to be consumed with wedding planing   smile  im blessed to not have any nightmares, and even though i still have a butt load to do, its going pretty smoothly  89 days left "
"i always wondered how facebook could determine whats \top news\"" in your friends status    """
oh  man  its late 
i wanna go to san <propfirst>  i havent been in a while   
"but a toll is a toll, and a roll is a roll, and if we don't get no tolls, then we don't eat no rolls "
"just when life gets wonderful, something just has to come and ruin it  "
"i need to eat, all ive had today was apple sauce and water "
i'm bored    i want to do something but i'm still pretty swolen from the dentist    ):
writing a short story of how <propmale> and i met and fell i love is harder then i thought  but its still fun   smile 
its like a wieght lifted off my sholders   smile 
48 days   smile 
38 days
hot tea is always the cure for my sniffles and sore throat    smile 
oh so  interesting fact   a month from today ill be gettin hiched   smile 
"thank you everyone for coming to my bridal shower, i had a great time   smile "
i wish my netflix would work   ):
i love it when i hear little song birds in the distance from my window around the time i wake up   but hate it when i hear a dumb bird squawk right out side my window every minute at 6am
i wish i had something to do with my day   
why netflix!! why must you be so retarted all the time and leave me hanging!!
im diggin' my new nail polish 
"everything falls apart, my dear  the only thing permanent in life is family "
"so i'm debating weather or not to do the 30 day picture challenge  the whole thing seems pretty random, but thats okay, random is my middle name   smile "
i miss how things used to be     
"i cant believe my friday night consists of netflix, energy drinks, hot cheetos, and facebook  im uber lame "
anyone have good ideas for dance songs?(for the reception)
so today was my last day at work as <propfemale> anema   smile 
so i realized i havent laughed today    and i dont like it  
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
tomorrow is the big day  wow    i gatta try to sleep (key word try)  smile 
im married!!  smile  now for the fun stuff  hahaha
tahoe bound  smile 
snow!!!  smile 
i'm in desperate need of an awesome new camera   
it's funny how people try so hard to be someone there not   even thought the person they are is unique enough to change the world   smile  so     be you! even if its dorky      like yours truly  smile 
"i don't want to wake up, but i can't go back to sleep   ):"
i wanna go to the beach   
"the only thing i like about this weather is tanning  the thing that sucks is i don't tan, i burn    ):"
"got off work at 1:45ish(am), came home, ate soup, contemplated weather or not to sleep, watched an episode of tpb, fell asleep, 15mins later   alarm goes off    time for bakersfield    now i have to try to fall asleep in the truck   "
this is just the start of a wonderful adventure  smile 
ew    i just ate a pop corn flavored jelly belly    blahh  
hmm   what should i watch on netflix?
i can't believe i'm about to say this     i'm hooked on desperate housewives   lol
"i hate when my \weekend\"" is a monday    """
wow gonna be sitting on this train for 4 hours   
bridesmainds with the seester and the madre
finding ever after on netflix just made my day  now all i need is wine & chocolate   smile 
"-a bird may love a fish, signore, but where will they live?\-then i shall have to make you wings   love "
pheww  finally back in good ol' stockton  smile 
nothing to do tonight  lame 
potstickers!  smile 
this heat needs to subside 
if only life were like an 80s movie  
"dear <propfemale>, i hate your stinking guts  you make me vomit  you're scum between my toes! love, alfalfa   smile "
"i wish i lived in the 80s where it was alright to wear red pants, blue shirt, green baseball hat, a brown leather jacket, and mirror sunglasses at night like stiles in teen wolf   smile "
am i the only person that dosnt like playing angry birds??   sheesh
i must be the luckiest girl   ever   smile 
"\comedy is the place where your mind goes when it wants to get tickeld \""  smile """
i hope there's good thrift stores in bakersfield  i need that kind of shopping now and then    smile 
"why is it that whenever you need a really good laugh, there's never anything funny around to help?    "
i need more of the beach boys on my playlist    nay  in my life   smile 
weird thing is    i'm starting to like being sore from working out    •crazzyy•
"\my stomach was making the rumblies that only hands can satisfy\"" ohh llamas   smile """
<propfemale> <propfirst> bound! love it 
have you ever felt like just getting in your car and driving far far away    ?
"i swear if we only relied on gps, and not our own sense of direction we'd all be in ponds "
yay!!! on main street!
another train ride   smile 
i must occupy my time till friday!  smile 
"in the marmalade <propmale>, between the make-believe trees, in a cottage cheese cottage lives albi (albi) albi (albi) albi the racist dragon!"
reason i love stockton #5: i go out for the first time in a long time and see at least 10 people i know   smile  love it!!
i can never get enough of my wedding pictures even after 4 months! i love 'em! thank you <propfirst> ramirez  smile 
first night in our first place!! i love it  smile 
i love pride and prejudice late at night   smile 
ahh i love my apartment    smile  and    ill love it even more when everything is organized haha  love 
ps  thank you all for wishing <propfemale> a happy birthday!  smile 
i can't wait for cold weather   love 
"where is the library? my name is t-bone the disco spider  disco, doll, the library is in the big mustache, dog, lard  lard mustache, huge, little, head is snow, beer is good  good day, i like cold potatoes, the goat’s mustache is <propfirst> diaz love \•now in spanish•  smile  <propfirst> davies"
dang    i wish i was in stockton for the rain    but i guess were gonnna get a taste of it tomorrow  smile 
thunder & lighting     smile 
i just realized that <propfirst> tosh is in the love guru! hahaha
damn it  i knew i shouldn't have went back to sleep this morning!    
it happend at sea   sea?   c for cat woman!  smile 
"man, oh man    two words    <propmale> dynamite  smile "
so i've come to the realization that i have really bad depth perception
score  i just got the second season of community!
i'm in desperate need of a real camera 
"if the weather knew it was the first day of fall, id be a happy camper "
i just had a dream in stop-motion animation   haha
oh fiddle faddle  love 
why is it that people always think negative things about the random stuff i say  news flash yo  i'm random  so put that in your smoke and pipe it   smile 
ranch just makes life better    smile 
dang   i hate when i forget to turn in red box movies 
there's a handfull of people i wanna meet   <propfirst> black has now become one of them  
wth why does my google+ profile still say male   i changed it when i made my account  pfft  lame 
feast your ear-tongues on these memory pops
tattoo?     
