cbd9c72a743d40d014e7609278c42ead
"well i had an amazing fourth of july, i went riding with d j and the family, had a change of plans so d j and came back to my place to chill until 10 smile 0 after watching the sunset  smile  so how was your fourthy?"
is ready to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> bear
is ready for time with d j  golly that boy is wonderful
school's tomorrow bleh
bwhaha i love stolen boy's clothes  smile 
is ready for after school
happy 6 months dj  smile 
heeeereee scholarships scholarships scholarships heeeereee scholarships scholarships scholarships  three guesses what i'm doing!
is wondering what could possibly have made her attracted to some of her ex-boyfriends  honestly i've dated some geeky people   laugh 
getting up at 4am for gym fun
"ghetto car, ghetto car, everybody gotta love a ghetto car!   oh well at least it isn't as ghetto as <propfemale>'s car "
"i love thursdays, i'm ready to go home and cuddle with my d j "
la folia is possibly one of the prettiest songs i've ever heard 
"oh itunes shuffle, you know just the right songs to make the day brighter, even if by only a little "
"hopefully on saturday i get to    as my loving father puts it, put more holes in my head  smile "
i hate needles and i really don't want to have that thing that close to my face again  troubled 
i got accepted into <propfirst> woods  smile 
i got accepted in to utm  woo 
"ms smith is stupid i've been accepted into all of my top schools already and she put in act prep  bah and everytime i try to talk to walking orange, she's busy  3 times today alone *grumble* sorry facebookers for ranting  smile "
d j got accepted into <propfirst> woods wooo!
"if i were a <propmale> man ya ha deedle deedle, bubba bubba deedle deedle dum  all day long i'd biddy biddy bum  if i were a wealthy man  i wouldn't have to work hard "
"oh what i wouldn't give to be at <propfirst> woods already, free and well freezing  laugh "
have you ever seen such a beautiful tree? such as the tree in my living room?
i get to go into school today    yaaay >_>
favorite classical song   ever- adagio in g minor by albinoni
"i am so exhausted, nothing like facing the old people in your family with new \face gear\"" that \""ruins your face entirely\"" without your steady rock to hold your hand and coax you through the intense urges to punch your aunt  oh d j  why oh why did you have to go so far away from me when i needed you so?"""
"how come ms  claypool can get me to come into to school the first day of break, but still hasn't answered my e-mail about the test i had to take on said day? i would like to at least know a range of how i did "
trying to talk them into two? you bet i am!
"it's absolutely perfect, no where else will work "
so on the 17 and 18 i'll be in the missouri and freezing  yaaay for a high of 13!
i love getting compliments on my jacket ;} makes me feel like i actually have a sense of fashion
maroon
"\if i stay i'll be a lie then choke on words i'd always hide\"" <propfemale>- first love"""
i'm so sick of a days they suck ass 
don't you love it when you wake up to realize what kind of immature jackasses your best friend has become? do forgive my language 
"wow, if i'm going to be emo i might as well have the right grammar, it should be jackass as this is for one friend "
uuugggh must get money for schooool 
"i'm so sick of being in this town, and seeing only old faces  college get here so i can go e playful lore!"
mr  obama i do believe you are a powerful speaker 
"you think you’re loving, but i want to be free, baby  you’ve hurt me "
"you should know that the lies won't hide your flaws, no sense in hiding all of yours  you gave up on your dreams along the way"
random question for anyone: would you wear accents with yellow gold with a dark red and black dress?
is a retard for leaving her english book at school with a paper due tomorrow 
"college scholarships and loans is what my next four years will consist of, how can anyone honestly party when faced with that?"
i just finished my demon english paper  yaaay!
"i feel so dorky, i actually like a miley <propmale> song, oh well i can at least take comfort in the fact she didn't actually write it "
7 more days until i'm 18  smile 
i love my boo bear 
has anyone ever told ms claypool udo lindenburg isn't rock anymore?
who'd give up this amazing young man?
"a maze ing day today although not perfect, it's the flaws that make it so wonderful, i mean really what kind of cutie doesn't know you at least get a card  i love my goober"
"is totally hoping that school will be closed tomorrow, not likely but hey how awesome would that be?"
"well i'm 18, what now?"
oh loose shirts you are now a dear friend of mine
"my cutie of a boyfriend honestly just asked who dr  love is, what a goober "
honestly who could e playful ect me to focus on homework right now? i'd rather be next to d j 
i think i should totally be allowed to have a gaint school easter egg hunt as my product for my senior project
"gosh i miss deej, i'm so ready for him to wake up and start joking around again  stupid women with their stupid suburbans"
happy birthday to deej ( since i can't actually say it to him)
come on deej amaze that stuck up doctor and show'em who's boss!
so visting time was at four and i'm still waiting to see him  new patient longer wait  boo 
so they're starting over with everything on deej because he isn't making much progress  they're taking cultures on everything and they started a medicine that draws the fluid from his tissue to his blood since he is retaining all his fluid in tissue 
"deej now has another tube in his chest as of 1 am, there was a fluid build up that needed to be released  he's breathing easier now and his blood pressure is good and steady"
it's doom day aaaaah  oh well after this i can just focus on deej 
all done with my senior project  finally i can sit back and relax a little    riiiight  two more papers in english and then the relaxation can start
i'm sooo over this whole high school thing i mean really we aren't doing anything in most of my classes  can i just come in for the ones that actual work planned please?
"<propfemale>'s was fun, rough after everything lately and i clocked out early, but it was still fun"
"i think this might be the first time i've been excited about monday coming, and it can't get here soon enough "
i am so tired
"for everyone who's here for me, i'm very grateful  i know he meant a lot to everyone and he'll be greatly missed "
"did you hear the mountian fall      my broken heart - \on the coldest winter night\"""""
song of today rise above this by seether
"song of today \i'm scared\"" by duffy"""
"<propfemale> glazed pork chops, homemade mash potatoes and corn, who says i can't  cook  playful "
chasing the dragon by epica
anniversary by voltaire is absolutely beautiful 
frozen yogurt is so much better than icecream
i gots a jooob!
"gone gone, all together gone, to freakin alambama! time for some sun worshipping and lake games woowoo!"
"i had such a great time but i'm back home now, i grew so much on that trip  we had some of the best speakers we could ever ask for and there were so many loving people, hope i'm free for summer conference in d c "
"if you could make one of your dreams come true, what would it be?"
they're all to small minded to see anything and they just run their mouths with no fliter for all the bs that comes out 
i'm so ready for my lizard to be big enough to eat my mom's toes in her sleep 
"my pet lizard takes her naps in my shirt, and she has the cutest sneezes"
"orange juice    check, grenadine    check, agave nectar      check  one more thing on the list and then we'll have a nice long night "
"oh work, why do you have to be so important?"
"utc you're stupid, why do people not staying at your lame dorms have to stay there tonight?"
"i'm ready for college, greek and <propmale>!"
"i'm sleepy, why do i have morning shift so many times in a row, i wanna sleep in damn it "
"i'd say i'm sorry, but it's hard to speak with both feet in your mouth "
"i'm\trying to earn a set of feathery wings to take me away from here  its me\you leave, you're gone from here, don't leave me here i hate it here,\you're gone from here, don't leave me here  i need you here, i need to\see you smile- feathery wings by voltaire"
"working today, 1 smile 0 to 4 smile 0 wtf?"
*sigh* working the day before three nice off days is so hard  sad  i'm ready for my break
"\he could win an ass contest hands down    or rather cheeks up \"""""
you're a duck and i'm a sheep     so we just won't work out
"\just because i smoke camels doesn't mean i'm into bestiality    just sayin\"""""
"\did we just booger fornicate?\"""""
"had so much fun tonight, won some pear <propfirst> shaving cream and met new people"
step ahead math is stupid and i'm already bored with it  come on friday so i can take that test
already regretting decisions  <propfirst> woods i miss you 
so i already feel unsafe thanks creepy <propfemale> dude 
"dear lizard i want you to know that seeing the preps faces when they see you eating a mouse as my back ground, makes my day "
"quotes of the day \sorry i humped your face\"" and \""her voice is like smoky sex and the music is like nin mixed bar room jazz\"""""
wanna know something gross? books for this semester are looking like a grand if i don't luck out and get used 
intro to music is already proving to be way to easy  when your teacher is shocked you know themed music is called program music you know its back to music appreciation with hoffey  just a hell of a lot less cool
petty girl with trashy hair  laugh  and you know what she's right he deserves every single second 
intro to <propmale> so far is pretty freaking gay  this cdrom does not know how to pronounce her letters or <propfirst> 
the next person who starts to judge me for any of my choices in life can kiss my perfect little behind  its my life and i don't have to live by your standards 
"\my whole body was so sensitive i could have an orgasm just siting on the bus \"""""
"watching little shop of horrors with <propmale> since he hasnt seen it, what a loooser  laugh "
auf geht's program you suck!
so i found what i was looking for  smile  i'm so ready for tomorrow
omfg happiness!
"\why don't you get dressed your leg hair is blinding me\"" <propfemale> i love you """
have you ever stopped to notice how dumb some people really are? it's really depressing 
the young <propfemale> is surprisingly good
du bist ein fünf aus fünf meine schwester 
this morning while i was getting ready in my skinny jeans and greek rush shirt i realized that skinny jeans no longer belong to little emo boys  time for you guys to find something new  sorry 
"the backseat of my car is now know as the \doghouse\""  laugh """
"mr biology book your dumb the answer is d not a, carbon only forms covalent bonds, you say so yourself  so how can the answer possibly be \ it can form both covalent bonds and ionic bonds\"""""
"got my new cell phone text me if you're cool enough to have my number, cause i don't have yours"
"taming this beast, this so called      eyebrow threading"
i am breeding my bitch so if anyone wants a finely bred american doberman please contact me  i can send her paperwork and the sire's  you can meet phe(my bitch) and preacher(the sire)
"over blowing my butt, its only over blowing if you crack your notes  mr <propfirst> you know nothing about flutes so hush "
i should have let him toss that muffin at you!
"last night instead of studying, i baked healthy vegan muffins and healthy, totally yummy, vegan blueberry banana nut bread "
"today is feeling like a good day, sure tomorrow i have a test from hell that i have to get ready for but heeeey i did a lot of the studying yesterday and all thats really left to finnish is translating one paragraph of greek    and parse the nouns, adjectives, verbs finite, infinite and imperative    how bad can it be?"
i seriously just saw a college girl freak and run away from her stuff because a spider was on it
dear within temptation i'm completely and utterly in love with like 99 9999% of your music  is it possible to be as awesome as your songs hand of sorrow and truth beneath the <propfemale>?
boo yeah greek test got moved back to monday!
"off to work again bleeeh, but hey at least i get free waffles!"
soooo 57 days need to pass  like now 
yeah so that big bad scary greek test turned out to be not so bad 
i'm sorta kinda in love with the song deep in the sweet water by rasputina 
silly mr  <propfirst> tutti is not a dynamic 
one more day till the weekend with two test in the way
biology you're silly!
greek test you were as easy as the zbz girls on greek the show 
"i love my new piercing, it makes me feel sexy "
i just made a friend via repo!
math class at you i am pissed!
"you know, i gotta say all in all i'm pretty happy with college "
don't you love itwhen all class you have to go to are canceled for monday?
i live for the sore feeling of a fresh tattoo
"one creepy dude quit staring, it's a nose ring not a tumor  two i just kicked that bio test's ass   then too it to dinner "
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  challenge you to post this 
only missed three on my bio test yay!
what if i'm a weeping <propfemale>?
tormenting my father with disney show tunes on the way to disney
"coming home today and getting my doggies back tomorrow, can't wait  smile "
"lunch with the brother, then hair stuff shopping"
epica's new single is well     epic
ultrasound for phefers this weekend!
"math test today  then sleep  then math project, biology extra credit, and <propmale> homework  all while singing bvb tomorrow!"
made my own butterbeer!
black veil brides tonight!
"elbows to the nose ring, yeah they still hurt    "
"waiting for the concert, bvb is warming up, and it's pretty epic"
dommin you have the best cover of (i just) died in your arms
i think i'm crushin on this band something fierce 
"playing dark cloud with my boy, it's totally adorable how the game \sucks\"" if he dies """
"forcing my ipod to give my music back, *shake fist* darn you invisible files"
who's going to the bonfire wednesday?
i am loving this cold weather!
we can feel at least two maybe three pups! that's pretty normal for her blood line
"i totally just found a \heavy metal\""store that sells cookie cutters and christmas trees """
"bon fire with one of my besties, she'll get to meet lelsey"
"booty shorts in november, wtf?"
totally had the best time with my boy and the dogs!
"pfui, stößt den kopf an harten stein! elfe, gelt, du hast genug? gukuk!- elfenlied"
"oh face book, only eight days till phe's due week, i'll miss you so "
"80% of our genes are similar to potatoes, so why do we think we're so special?"
"what do you say facebook, rainy night= perfect for puppies? apparently  love  heavy contractions already, two a m  here we come!"
"false labor, but made oh so worth it by one of the puppies kicking back every time i patted her tummy "
"thanksgiving vacay, please hurry up and get here, and when you do please take your time, have some coffee and stay as long as you can "
"awesome jazz concert, however the band overplayed the singer  that or their techies sucked "
"hipsters suck, they drain the soul out of everything  and yes that even includes you "
"i had so much fun at the cast party last night, theater kids are a lot of fun  laugh "
"huh a random french dude just messaged me about my piercings, creepo much?"
first nap of my official break! yay break
"first puppy born 8: 06 at 22 1oz  is a boy, and defiantly his dad's"
puppy two is a girl at 18 1 oz  and born at 11: 40
"eight puppies all healthy, so much for three or four "
the bestieand the boy are spending the night tonight so i can finally sleep a full night   yay
"tails were docked today, pitiful you could hear the cries through two doors  on a brighter note they seem to have forgotten already    until one of the other puppies hits a tail  so sad :{ i'll post pics of them with their little stubbies soon "
"sleepy sleepy woke up to late to make it to biology, guess that's why we have books "
only have two more exams at school and one online  stupid teacher of course we've going to cheat 
"what do you guys think of this name for the pup i fully intend to keep (mom when you see this, keeping the puppy will happen!) die heldin <propmale> <propfemale> and we shall call her <propfemale>( pronounced <propfemale> )"
i do believe i am in love! this little girl kicks butt even though she's the runt 
about to start my online music final woo   
i saved a baiter pit today from being hit by a car and then sent him with a friend who rehabilitates and finds new homes for abused pits  smile  my good deed is done for this month  laugh 
"stupid snow, if it wasnt for you i'd be completely done already! baaaah winter break quit stalling!"
i got a b in bio! totally thought i had a c  laugh 
gpa for 1st semester is a 3 2 woo?
"epica's setting up, almost there  laugh  scarred for life by a flabby chested girl though"
epica played for two hours! two full hours! finally home and ready to pass out but <propfemale> puppies feel like walkin and talkin tonight  noisy babies
"<propfemale> got her name tag today, i get to keep her! first second greatest christmas gift ever (phe was also a christmas and they're equally awesome!)"
"puppies first de-worm, and they took it awesomely! they're getting sooo big, 4-5 pounds already, might be time to pull out that phone camera again for some more pics"
"today i'm going to fly, there's nothing that can keep me on the ground  touch the sky, i'm free inside "
"so much fun in the snow, besties pits came over and played in it with my dogs  i had 14 dogs in my house! and other than puppy cries it was peaceful  can't wait to move out and get a pit of my own, they're great "
is making <propfemale> watch repo! the genetic opera   why? because it's epic
"i love being a do it yourself kind of girl, to vaccinate all eight puppies it's going to be about 165 including shipment, vaccine, needles, syringes, cooler,two ice gel packs, and this includes their next bout of shots as well  the vet would cost 236 per round, can we say boo yeah to saving over 500    so far?(   unless you count the c-section <propmale> and then we're down about a grand still)"
"heater you suck, why die now?"
"70,000tons of metal wwwhhhy must you be durning school?!?! i waaant you!"
"screw you <propfirst> you're not going to blackmail us into giving you a puppy, jerk "
<propmale> six every time i listen to you sing it makes me want to sream like an obsessive middle schooler  i love you in that creepy stalker way  smile     you too <propfirst> dommin   
"totally redigging creature feature, they're toooo cute"
"two classes tomorrow, public speaking and voice diction wooo"
precal teacher you're talking in circles on a random  tangent     stop it
"anyone with a chewing puppy, do not use bitter yuck, it gave our puppies parvo like symptoms and caused them to chew more because they like the taste  speaking of puppies who's willing to come play with mine, they need to meet some peoples"
buyer coming today to look at the boys  smile  wish 'em luck
i have the magical power to make drama go poof  i wash my hands of yooou 
getting work on my lady 
power    strength     endurance  that describes a model's crotch apparently
"due to complications (>_>) with the sire owner of my puppies, if anyone knows anyone who wants a full blooded, best of american bloodlines in temperament and soundness doberman  puppy without papers i am selling them for 250 without the papers  ( yes <propfemale> that includes slush  laugh )"
"best boyfriend ever, can't wait for my \cook bacon not meth\"" shirt  smile """
"so i need to write up a contract that requires buyers to get the puppies spayed neutered by seven months, send proof by a certain day and before giving away selling the dog i must approve the new home or the dog must be returned to me  anyone know how to write a contract?"
"just bought 11 squeaker toys o o the madness is building, every puppy with a squeaker "
"in other words please be true, in other words i love you "
"bleh! how do you switch the styles of ears, how hard is it to put the medium crop on the small black female, and the long crop on the large red male! gah stupid vet secretary thing!"
"staying home today, <propfemale> already removed her tail bandage and a stitch     bleh must keep tail stitched and happy"
puppies chewed my glasses   so i got some new ray-bans  smile 
