bced549776407f5770ca70740a2d83a5
<propfirst> parrott!
"i got to go to court tommorow  i need to buy new shoes, and maybe a shirt with buttons "
"court went well, two more weeks in exile  i had to learn to tie a tie  another usless skill i will never use "
"in the past three weeks i've read four books: angels and demons, red dragon, silence of the lambs, and hannibal  i'm not sure if it's awsome or pathetic "
"four weeks, five books  i just finished the wizard's first rule, the first in the sword of truth series  now i only have to read the other ten "
four weeks of not seeing my kids is over! this is going to be great!
"one month without me and my kids completely forgot \please\"" and \""thank you\""  i'm sensing a lack of discipline """
i got my kids again yeah! aiden put that down!
"kids gone, damn "
i am the high road 
i am the high road  my halo is huge 
"i am the high road  my halo is bright \(much more approprate)"
my son graduated pre-school today  and i wasn't there  ggrrrr!
i am the stillness  call me father 
house hunting 
i got <propfemale> boys back  hooray!
boys gone until next week 
i am infinitely patient  i will endure 
house hunting payed off  i bagged me a beauty  now i just have to figure out how to skin it 
"i just signed a six month lease on this cool little house  house party at my place!\i guess i need furniture first  damn "
i'm in need of cheap furniture anyone got any?
the house is coming along nicely 
house now livable  life is good 
and i'm back!
"it just isn't the forth of july without burning yourself, or at least losing some hair "
"divorce almost done, just a little paperwork left  i'm so excited "
"i am <propfemale> billingsley \i am also <propmale> beaumont "
i got a hot date tonight  i'm just not sure who with 
"hot date when well, but alas no action  maybe next time    he he he   "
as of 9 smile 0 this morning i am divorced! this a great day! <propfirst> unbound and completely free  life is beautiful 
"i found that i love being single, it's the greatest thing ever "
"7 surprise 2 a m  i was already mopping up urine  yep, one of those days "
would you rather be a ghost or a zombie?
"still drunk on freedom, i hope i never sober-up "
i will endure 
meh 
"i sustained multiple human bites at work, but i got two days off \i love my job "
crackers!
2 2 2011 2:53 pm
"i've finished reading pillars of the earth, great book \now i'm going to finish atlas shrugged "
"when i bought atlas shrugged the back said it was about a guy trying to destroy the motor that runs the world  i thought cool, like a journey to the center of the earth thing  it turns out it's a damn metaphor  if i ever meet ayn rand i'm going to punch him in the face "
