6191b5a1e6b39325ed598ba6c02e7f37
"hopes that everyone has a safe and happy new year's <propfemale>, that 2010 is better than 2009 and not as good as 2011 "
is hoping to reconnect with lost friends   
wants to be able to fall a sleep when it's midnight   
appreciates having a drink with a good friend   thanks <propfemale> : )
loves having a friday off 
friendship is like a prism through which the many variations of beauty are revealed in our lives   -anon 
made dinner for her sister and brother-in-law   did you ever notice that no matter how small the party every dish still ends up dirty?  love the company - hate the clean up!
played scrabble with her kids and got her butt kicked 
   
"is sad and concerned because she has a dear friend who is very sick, and because tonight the fdic closed my husbands bank "
hates laundry day 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day"
hopes everyone is having a wonderful day!
"is leaving her current position tomorrow, and will miss all her friends "
hopes that we all try to remember what's really important to each of us 
is wondering if this saturday should be a productive day or a goof-off day 
"had the first day on her new job, and will go nuts if i have to train for two weeks   (day 1 - give me a file to underwrite already!)"
spent the day with my daughter and had a great time 
had one of those days (why do they always follow the really good ones?)!
today an angel ascended to heaven and it is our loss on earth   i will miss you my friend 
"wonders why when something significant happens the earth doesn't stop spinning, if only for a moment, so we can caught are breath "
wonders how much cleaning needs to get done before my mother-in-law gets to town today - i better get to work 
had a weekend full of highs and lows 
less than 3 months until christmas!!!
headache : child !!!
had nearly a perfect weekend - hope all my friends did as well 
ps:  recommending zombieland if you don't mind gore and a good laugh 
is cooking chili for a potluck and thinks chili at 11pm doesn't smell so good   tums please!
"has already been through 5 bags of <propfemale>, 30 bouncing bloody eye balls, 30 halloween pencils, and more     lights are going off soon   happy halloween everyone!"
is enjoying the peace and quiet with the family all a sleep 
is thinking about running away to night   if i hopped on a 3 day cruise do you think anyone would miss me?
tgif
thinks life is good 
was at the usc game today and is still wondering what happened 
hates having a cold!
is counting down to thanksgiving and preparing the house and food for 24 family members  -  and with a cold no less   how will i ever be ready?
just in case anybody is wondering spaghetti followed by eggnog does not make a good combination 
hopes that everyone has a blessed thanksgiving with plenty of fun and love with family 
thinks good gravy makes the thanksgiving meal   who's with me?
is so glad there is still two more days before the work with begins 
is actually ready for it to be monday and to get back to work 
loved today's weather!
where'd the rain go : (
hopes everyone has a wonderful holiday   <propfemale> christmas 
is so glad that the day after christmas was not a work day 
is wishing for some motivation to get some work done today 
had a very pleasant day 
wishing everyone a safe and happy new year - needs to a better 2011!
 
black
maroon
is wishing there was one more day off work 
wishes i could be out playing in the rain rather than stuck at a desk with no windows 
has a headache so bad that it hurts to eat soup!
"i love my sister more than words can say! if you have a sister who is your best friends and has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin, copy and paste this in your status  the world would not be the same without sisters!!"
the magic kingdom with my daughter tomorrow   so grateful she will spend time with me   hope the parks not crowded 
looking forward to a good work week 
work week not going as planned - let's hope that thursday and friday make the difference 
is wishing someone would magiclly make dinner tonight (and clean up)!
is working on her taxes and is feeling very blue  -  can we please go to a flat tax???
is just in a sad mood   no particular reason   just stuff 
"if you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child "
is thinking it might be the weekend for taco's and <propfemale>'s!!!
started the day with a long to do list and got 1 thing done - then took a nap   nice day!  now have an even longer list for sunday 
watching food network and now i'm starving 
just pulled two apple pies from the oven   the house smells so wonderful 
came home to find that my husband had dinner ready - such a sweet surprise 
was in the mood to buy something new and couldn't find a darn thing 
is wishing everyone a happy easter 
just put the last fork in the dishwasher and sat down for the first time today   i love holidays!
just had a wonderful dinner with my family 
spent the day with - both kids     so much fun 
has two words tonight - sometimes family    
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!    let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention     copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who reposts!!!
put ? this ? on your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? all ? i ? wish ? for ? in ? 2010 ? is ? a ? cure  ? 93% ? wont ? copy ? & ? paste ? this  ? will ? you ? for ? just ? one ? hour?
ate basically a bowl of lettuce for dinner   now it's 11:50pm and i'm starving and it's to late to eat 
can't decide if i'm glad tomorrow is friday or not   i have so much to do this weekend staying at work might be easier 
got up early and started the day with 2 hours of bowling with my husband   we had a great day   but tonight my arm wants to fall off   maybe just an hour next time   
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness  (finally something i will happily re-post )"
is so proud of her kids - all a's and b's for this college term 
"has decided i hate may!  why you ask?  two dmv renewals, two auto club renewals, annual auto club <propmale>s, fall college tuition <propmale>!"
could someone please send the sandman over      thanks
needs some motivation 
motivated or not i had to get up and fold the laundry  now dishes need done    sad 
packing for vacation!  how many shoes and purses are to many to pack for 8 days?
in oregon and it's so beautiful makes me wonder why i live in southern california   happens every time i leave (except for the trip to texas) 
"vacation is great   but missing my kids, bed, pillow, dogs, family, (and work - don't tell)   today going on a wild, wet rogue river water ride   does sea sickness apply to rivers?"
is ready to come home   
there's no place like home   
"children with special needs dont have an illness, so there is no cure and its not contageous they want what we all want - to be accepted    most of you probably wont copy and paste this, but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? its special education week,and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding on monday "
who was it that flipped off mother nature last week (<propfirst>) when it was cool?  thanks a lot!
everyone i know seems to be having more fun than me - what's up with that?
just had a nice afternoon with my sister and brother-in-law!  saw inception which i give 2 thumps up   hope everyone had a nice weekend 
"just got home from 90 minutes of \hot\"" yoga which means basically i've now fallen and can't get up """
<propfirst> and <propfirst> just made the most delicious dinner!  thank you  smile 
had a great two days 
the conversations in my house are always amusing 
hanging off the dining room chair   
had a great date with my husband   we shared a banana split - doesn't get much better 
loving this weather : )
this weekend was not long enough!
if anyone has a great stuffing receipe will you share?
based on the results of my efforts this weekend i will never be ready for thanksgiving  sad 
"omg - in preparation for thanksgiving i set my oven to the self-clean cycle and went to bed   got home today to find the oven blow-out sometime durng the clean cycle, won't turn on, and won't even open   who wants 20 extra guests for thanksgiving "
"in preparation for thanksgiving i set my oven to the self-clean cycle and went to bed  got home today to find the oven blew-out sometime durng the cleaning cycle, won't turn on, and won't even open  who wants 20 extra guests for thanksgiving "
happy thanksgiving everyone!  enjoy the day with family and friends 
"tuna helper yesterday, hot dogs today, i guess that means top ramen tomorrow   don't look at me that way!  (i'm just avoiding the store this week )"
today was a perfect weather day   i hope it's like this until after christmas 
today is my son's 23rd birthday   it's hard to believe 1) how old he is  2) how old that means i am  3) how time flys and 4) all the ways we are blessed in this life 
"how many different desserts are too many for christmas day?  well, back to baking   <propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everyone "
"i had a wonderful christmas with family   it was worth the 48 hours on my feet   my legs and feet do not want to walk today, so i am staying on the coach and vegging "
"back to work after a week off and it was hard to get going this morning   hope everyone had a great monday, 2010 almost over "
