3636226482bd8e980b37da3b7a626885
gourmet holiday party with the marketeers   smile  i can't believe it's been another year of flipping pancakes and frying eggzzz   
is back from bonnaroo 
got to get to zzzzzzzzzzz
is doing some danksty laundry  manchester mud errywhere 
is off to townsend for 3 days of loafing at camp 
"lordy lordy lordy lordy lordy lordy lordy lord hey, hey, hey, <propfirst> mcgee "
can't get enough of that f-fu-funk!
"loves firelifes, curses mosquitoes "
says happy solstice y'all 
is not a saboteur  -is floored by phone call  -is trying to make sense of the senseless  -does not want the drama llama to poo in my bed 
transplants to casa de lambert in less than two weeks  i can't believe it's time to move again 
is still moving  so much stuff!
"has p-hose, apron, and vintage dress -- sipin 40's 1940's style tonight at <propfirst>'s "
is cursing  son of a biscuit eater!!
thinks earthfare is <propmale>y <propmale> redonkytown 
"is off to the cabin for food, friends and fireworks by tha lake, baby "
is a post apocalyptic cannibal road warrior tear your face off sexy and put your skeleton on my motorcycle biatch
is sleeping summer away    ~ ~
drunkenly rambling at her girlfriend 
time to make the donuts   
and the half-blood <propmale>
is going to chattanooga to see ms  <propfemale> adams play a show tonight 
"work, quarry, party  party, work, sleeeep "
fml    
is trying to think away the part of the day that i cannot sleep away 
got mulch-stabbed in the foot--fuuhhh!!
hopes she still has a jorb 
what is the opposite of tunnel vision?
is weighing her options 
singin' black is the color of my true love's hair
is not 86'd  good day c:
is home alone  wowza  laugh 
gonna go lick some frogs or something  camping in the smokies one night only 
is so so so tired 
is back from fields-a-plenty bonfire-blues-jam-pot-luck-river-camp in the sky 
thinks today is tremendous 
university of clusterfuck  majoring in not having panic attacks  jeesus christ i hate that place 
wants to take a ride on your disco stick 
thanks for helpin me catch the bus across campus and finding class  thank you very much 
spectacularly grateful for a weekend without alarm clocks 
"is engrossed  why didn't i read guns, germs and steel sooner? i love this book "
picked the wrong day to visit the bursar's office  that many people should not be in such a dank hallway     troubled 
is a big brave dog 
sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken 
"wants to go to africa with dr  eash for soil science class  also, good luck to pellissippians going back to school tomorrow "
the big lebowski on basic cable = big dissapointment 
will be emphasizing the following; shoulder girdle; body cavities; serous membranes; gross appearance and location of organs; and general plan of the body 
you're just jealous cuz we're at dragoncon all full of tits 
"has post convention blahs  after going to post apocalyptic costuming panels and being in seas of super heroes, class is extra boring and people look so bland  solution: university of dragon*con "
waiting on those stop signs to turn green   
has taco belly @_@
"dreamt she abandoned her life here to study abroad, then abandoned her studies for an enormous house full of french prostitutes, falling madly in love with two "
hates school; loves rainy days when girls wear booty shorts and rain boots  so it's not all bad 
wants to know who else is comming to the fair tonight!
learned that babies make people loose their minds   joyful  gowahwahwahhshoocuuyoot
is remembering the september funhouse last year  happy equinox and happy anniversary  i can't believe it's been a year 
house is doing the nasty with franke potente?
no bueno
is watching the colony marathon and staring at my statistics book  both of them are impossible 
all choked up over glee right now  coming out in high school can suck a big one but <propfemale> lynch makes it all better 
facebooked <propfemale> face off today  @_@
is not okay with the decrepid animal barking in the kitchen on my saturday off  not cool 
   what happened?
is 21
<propmale>'s place @ 8 smile 0 for birthday beverages -- then i will drink all the beer in the old city  join me!
so hongraay  smile 
"awoke from survival dreams involving south africa, girl scouts with blowdarts, flesh hungry nazis, dirty dancing and an alarming gothic baby in the <propfemale> tower  crazy   surprise "
saw a bird trapped inside the sunsphere  it was flying in circles and not enjoying the scenery 
is mortified about her standard of living after the evironmental apocalypse guest speaker told our class about his 80+ years of work in soil science 
cocktoberfest! all month! everyday! born to beer wench!
gonna drive my car into the <propfemale> 
is feasting for deutschland tonight at the market  i hear tell of a full house and a wunderfest a-cookin' 
you can happy birthday as much as you want 
to those people sitting across from our women's health clinic on concord: you're not making anyone's day better hiding behind those signs 
"wants to be a big, lazy grizzly bear  u_u"
leemo made some rainy day chili vittles and i'm such a happy cowgirl now 
yesno
"is full of rage, chock full of it  and i just woke up  going to be a wonderful day "
"the sleeps, i need them!!"
is slappy as a clam!
is watching the big lebowski  shut the fuck up <propfirst> 
dropped anatomy and physiology of farm animals  no need to keep your hand in that meat grinder 
love love loved where the wild things are  gogogo see it!
why does the pilot light smell so fiercely like mothballs? will says it's all the thift store shoppers 
can't wait for the weekend 
"spent the last five hours playing sims  oh my god, what happened!?"
is crescent <propfemale> crazy  put your <propfirst> gun to my head 
loves the <propfemale> hillbillies so much  i want to be like granny when i grow up 
getting ready for the great knoxville brewhaha  so excited!
wants to carve some pumpkins 
smells like failure 
is pooped and pumpkinless 
wants to see more halloween pictures  not christmas commercials 
how do you say totes mcgoats in spanish?
"got to chill with <propmale> sunshine and his newly rescued pooch  seriously chill  speak softly, move slowly, and don't forget the treats "
saw peaches last night  huh?wha?right uhh  !
while polluting the living room with toxic nail polish fumes do you    a) pay no mind to your surroundings as you watch cartoons  b) take the advice of your wise and beautiful roomate and open a fucking window  or c) fall asleep breathing poison 
can't wait to make more money and live elsewhere 
is watching nacho libre  it never fails to summon my eagle powers and make me mucho happy 
had a dream she could teleport via craigslist links  fo<propfemale>d myself in a shitty condo in the bahamas and ran all the way to the beach  woke up to very <propfemale> tropical reality 
mad <propmale> marathon  a fine end to a day on the warpath 
is dreading her gig with the endocrinologist tomorrow  it's ironic a diabetic can hate doctors so much 
"stick a fork in me, i'm done "
"wants to sleep all day  no, really "
thank you famdamily for food and love  thank you friends for malt liquor and mariokart   love  happy skanksgiving
may the force be with you  it's not called decency friday  i'm staying far far away from turkey creek 
is applying for a retail jorb at bliss on market square   broke and curious? you know i am 
got an interview at bliss tonight! holy crap  i haven't had a job interview in years  wish me luck whoring out my pretty smile today  i've got some jitters  hope this works  surprise !
got the job!
"i'm the president, but he's the boss "
is tired and unsure about her ability to smile all goddamn day while hawking useless shit at ridiculous prices  abuuuuuuh ~_~
bread and buttah 
twerktwerktwerktwerk  alllll daaaaaaaaaay 
just dropped a pack of smokes in the toilet  oops 
is superduper excited about the sunshine party  you don't even knowwwwww  smile 
"is six kinds of tired, glad to be home, and in lubs with those <propfemale> pals "
this dissappearing robot still hasn't bought any gifts    i feel like sleeping till christmas 
tranny claus
tomorrow    so huge 
solstice!
bitch of a day  i wanted to curb stomp some children  come on christmas! let's do it already 
2010  2010  2010  do it  do it now 
"like to hear some funky <propfemale> land, pretty mama come take me by the hand   "
"come on <propfemale>, let's go party "
walkin on sunshine  wooooooaah!
has a very clean house for a few hours 
thinks the abominable snowman is cleaning the gutters today  or a murder taking place on my roof 
is thinking about citrus crops freezing in florida and a twenty-something car pile in atlanta 
poo-poo-ka-chooo
"is hiding in honduras   i'm a desperate man   send lawyers, guns and money   the shit has hit the fan"
got 99 problems and they all bitches 
more farm party dirt clod fights please
"wasn't joking about the lawyers, guns and money "
always do sober what you said you'd do drunk   that will teach you to keep your mouth shut   ~ernest hemingway
is obsessed with gaga's monster ball fashion today 
"obamarama! \families across the nation are tightening their belts and making difficult decisions  the federal government should do the same \"""""
celebrity doppleganging 
watching the grammys   watching sir <propmale> gaga!
wow she beat beyonce and gaga
union jackin'
is creating a monsterpiece 
lungbungs! coughsauce! butterbrains!
has to wait till noon to see the line up for bonnaroo?
is excited and impatient  oh bonnaroo    you're such a tease 
"wants summer now, jeeze and please, freezin and wheezin  need sunburns, salamanders and skinnydipz  omfgbbq"
"all of your sanity and wits they will all vanish, i promise, it's just a matter of time   "
p-p-p-powww!!    one of these days    right in the kisser    right in the stupid face  pow 
$we@rs herself to sleep =_x
had an awesome diggity day and champagne with the marketeers  french toast fo' lyfe  hackinsaw boyeeees at barley's and rumtimes at johns     what's a girl to do!?
can be your sledgehammer 
"is conuring some toxic <propmale> top juju, fool  kills dogs, curdles milk, cures all "
go to sleep ass hats 
"is home alone enjoying sweet, silent snow and <propmale> gump  ?  soakin' in some much needed solace   "
is going skiing for the first time today  gatlinburg lolcaust wit momz   laugh 
is happy  ten used records for twenty dollars  i love mister k  it's totally worth the drive to oak ridge  <propfirst> treasures from the secret city fill my brains with better days   love 
broke down an did it  bought that bonnaroo ticket! who's comming with me?
is bustin' down to destin tomorrow! yabba dabba dooooo y'all 
"is steamed shrimp and stolen internets, is bollenbacher beachhaus, is g-ma and g-pa, is nicorette and new turf   love "
like to bag it up  no diggity 
has a stalker  <propfirst> kidd the warrants officer  please report to the pricipal's office and gtfo  that imploding pit of trouble under ribs and dreadful heart is paralyzing 
"once you kill a cow, you gotta make a burger "
"got served, needs help moving tomorrow, is stresssssing out "
"is mooooobing  uhaul party around 3, then unload crap, then get loaded at rogers  sound good?"
"is a big, brave dog "
"white, wheat, sourdough, rye "
"dreamt <propfemale> shore didn't end sunday but relocated to gourmet market  there was a pool where the parking lot is and lesbians making out all over the deli counter, bumpin board shorts all over the resturant  fuckin weird  i don't think i can go back to work   "
"just gonna get a little bit of cancer, <propmale>,  tell mom it's okay!"
off to <propmale>'s for pood and dranks   laugh  you too?
gagapalooza
"wish she was a teenage dirtbag babyee, thanks gods for casa de <propfirst> sinclares"
pollen makes everything glow!
going nowhere so flippin fast 
is obsessed with pennsic war today  hordes of heathens  no <propmale> matthews band  i want to go so badly 
"hempshire bonfire    dear frands, weenie roast, whiskey toasts, doodie in the dogpile  so lubley! so fine!"
20 20 20 20
"wutk exam jam at the valarium all night  8 bands for 5 bones  knoxville, jump on it!"
lost her telephone   annoyed  no chatty 
"woyk, woyk, woyk "
day off  gotta get a new phone today so i can plug myself back into the hubbubs and the ringalings and the dingdongs   
"nothing like the promise of a good show in the shoadow of the sunsphere to get you through the day  volapalooza, beer me strength!"
"said it was like fire burning around the rim, buring solid buring thin the burning rim  ((can't wait for passion pit to play us some sleeeepy heeeeaaaad tonight!))"
watermelon + cholula? omg! suck on that!
is gourmet alllll day 
muchas smoochas
20 years of schooling i just never learned the math  that one and one don't equal two they often equal half 
loves cinco de mayo more than christmas  let's party!
cinco? ha! more like drinko de mayo   
"first friday, <propmale> bangs at barleys, of course means high school reunion"
"been swinging all around me cause i don't know when you're \gonna make your move "
"so many of my friends were born today! carrie-cate rathgeb, <propmale> getequal honicker, <propfemale> jaeger, <propmale> patterson  happy birthday you maybabies "
wants to get funked uppp 
tuesdaywhaaa?
calls of arms to live and love and sleep together  we could flood the streets with love or light or heat whatever 
back porch beers and honeysuckle hotness  love 
"i need your car and i need your love\so won't you help a brother out"
kpd is shooing your fun-lovin' cliff-jumpin' arses away from the quarry this summer kids  get better at tresspassing or don't go cuz they are towing cars and taking names  booooooo
"got dem ol' kozmic blues, baby   "
"hanging with my boys <propfirst> daniels, k <propfirst> finnell, <propmale> shook and quirand wonder twinz   lub da boyees  lub lublub"
"thinks of ghosts, makes ya breakfast, makes ya french toast, she don't use butter, she don't use cheese, she don't jelly, or any of deeez "
"fiesta de <propmale>! \there is no maybe in the house of margaritas\"""""
black mountain is calling! campin and creepin adventures tonight  arevaderche 
went to led zeppelin land and watched the great <propfemale> mountain planetarium with will <propmale> and a flock of geese 
"i'm in love with the <propfemale>, so i cannot sleep "
sells hot cakes like hot cakes 
today was sweet but tomorrow will be sweeter 
"some people go \woooo\"" they go \""quaqua\"" they go \""kiiiiiii\""  some people have nothing and want nothing and are free  we just want to have a good time  alll tha tiiiime"""
dinner with my highschool sweetheart tonight  has is really been five years sice <propfemale> took me to prom? goddddd i'm jittery janked  gonna be great 
leaving for crazy town tomorrow  i have so much to do today 
got that post fest funk time for a dang ole shower!
"don't use jellay, can feel it alllll ovaaah, is <propfemale> chocolate droppin', is darkside of the motherfckin <propfemale>, is very superstitious, the devil's on his way "
is flavor savin'    still sweating in place 
slept all goddamn day!?
today was fantastic  fanfreakintastic
thinks it's a fine night for a picinic  smile  hello bugs
is cook and kill kitchen wit da side of football 
"done with the super shift  grab that hammock and some brews, it's time to lounge by the lake "
how did we spend all night in that pool?
"my system's in mint condition,the power's up on my transistors, working fine, i got no glitches, plug me in and flip some switches "
my car got ass rammed on westland   playful  i have seen way too much of the popo this week 
loves this summer
"<propmale> shook and <propfemale> justcallmebinky arnold-compere are gone daddy gone  safe travels to portland friends, you are missed already  love "
"marvelous market monday  footballin, girl talkin, bearden beer drankin  let's do this again  tomorrow!"
"works, drinks, chats, smokes, laughs, chows, lubs, drives, ponders, summerzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
: the last cheesebender
i'm looking through you    where did you go? i thought i knew you    what did i know?
"work, sidestreet, sassy's   happy thursday y'all "
"germany, spain, thanks for making my good day great "
"sweet slumber party last night  <propmale> bed, pajamaed friends, bacon in bed  yes"
"lake, barleys, p-light  take that monday!"
master percussionist tatsuya nakatani with tatras! go! do it nowww!
"hawt dawgs, cold pitchers and soccer at rogers  come away with meeeee!"
"is poopeds, lost another phone, found a sweet jacket at the bar  do much to do tamorry "
can't keep it together this morning  still no phone  still no buenoooo  troubled 
is what's for breakfast : is horsepower : is absinthe : is a danger zone galaxy far far away: is done like a bun 
"world cup fever is gone  i hate sports again  oh well, that was fun  see you in brazil bitches "
shuts  it  down 
birdhouse sweathouse hodown kids with no clothes
sittin' in the kitchen wishin' i was livin' like a hitman 
what the fuuuuusssssssss?
takes 1 1 1 cuz you left me and 2 2 2 for my family and 3 3 3 for my heartache and 4 4 4 for my headaches and 5 5 5 for my lonely and 6 6 6 for my sorrow and 7 7 for no tomorrow and 8 8 i forget what 8 was for and 9 9 9 for a lost god and 10 10 10 for everything everything everything everything 
summer camp!! byeeee  laugh 
fatty fest was perfection
dreams intense insanity for three long nights  it's starting to bleed into my days and i don't like it 
picked almost eight pounds of blueberries in half an hour  fat sack!
lords of acid tonight at the valarium  heaven is an orgasm and you should come 
sex on wheels 
dreamt of indian food  the universe wants me to go to the sitar today 
needs a cigarette and a <propfemale> pie  love 
stays up late!!! wakes up early!!!
brunch was brutal  can't wait to scrub the bacon off 
: canary in a coal mine  get so dizzy even walkin' in a straight line 
"[your forehead is red-hot and touching my knee and i am checking my pulse, making sure she hasn’t quit on me ]"
"warpaint @ p light, coolrunnings @ 3rd thursday, your face @ my face  have a good night friends "
full mooooooooon
guns blazin' amazonian leather bikini babe boots wit da furrrr (wit da furrrr)
heaven is smoky mountain bacon smores for breakfast and a cold river for lunch  what's for dinner?
"is scrambled, like goat eggs  is whipped, like cweam "
"pre convention hustle: cosplay sewing every second, packing liquor pistols and glowsticks,  lunch with daddy-o  i can't wait to get my geek on this weekend "
"off to hotlanta with will <propmale> today  it's on like dragon*con baybeeee  in six hours i'll be sitting at a bar with storm troopers, sexy spartans and coked out klingons  ahhhh"
oh sweet jesus  how? what? why? yeeeah
let's get on with it  we haven't got too much time  and i don't wanna stay here where the sun don't ever shine  so say the word and open up the blinds
machete is insane  so many babes  so much badassery  insane 
"ooo   mercy, mercy me   "
work is love made visible  so work it  looove it     love 
"sweet, sweet september    mmmm"
playing cooking mama after working in the kitchen all day is funny 
freek salad friday c:
cocktoberfest starts now
shuttin' down the fair tonight 
"tell that bitch to be cool! say, bitch be cool!"
gonna go see the two man gentlemen band  tonight? 9 smile 0 at ye ol barleys  laugh  yessir 
lazing on a sunday afternoon 
needs some spiffy health insurance  and some damn good doctors that don't skeeze me out    playful 
<propmale> marathon und herstellung <propmale> hosen
"is a birthday cake spank, is frothy jubilation, is checking out the <propfemale> (hey baby), is still here  is so full of it, wants to give you her love and get slizzerd  all  day "
loves september birthday madness     so many beautiful babies i love to celebrate 
"gonna go see those crazy peelanders tonight  oktoberfest tomorrow  gods, i love fall  love "
oktoberfeast friday! und wie  !
is brewing kombucha tea and making kombucha babies so i can drink their nutrients which will give me the power to beat <propmale> potter and cure cancer 
"just needed some beautiful noise  thank you octopus project, you rock "
abuuuhh 
"oh oh oh~ i believe in waking up together  oh oh oh~ i believe i'm waking up, but no promises  oh oh oh~ i believe in waiting out the weather  oh oh oh~ i believe in making eyes across the room "
"is t g i effing, is auto pilot for weeks, is sick of old ladies and diablo babies, is a minivan full of hors d'oeurves, is craving, is craven, is crass "
droppin beats and batter in the kitchen all weekend  wutwuuut
"scientists, sausage, cigarettes and a brit named oliver: the tall tale of fall feastings"
"\i'm going to <propfirst> mccartney that shit and let it be \"""""
"can't wait for the great knoxville bj fest!!! i'll be the girl in leiderhosen, drunk as she ever was  get ready brewer's jam "
broke into my own house  no idea where my keys are  no idea how ill get to work in 7 hours  want to curb stomp and rib crush  so fucked  gonna sleep like a drunk baby 
"how long can you hold your breath? can you count to ten? can you let it pass? keep, can you keep it in? keep it behind lashes  can you make it last?"
judging a chili cook off tomorrow and doing some super swanky dinner service on thursday  i freaking love my job  eat and serve    laugh 
watchin' ponyo     surprise !
"spicy chili, white chili, stanky chili, sweet chili, pork chili, super bean chili, chili with beer, chili with pumpkin, chili con carne, texas chili, soupy chili, chili thick as mortar, chicken chili, vegetable cornucopia chili, chili with a whole dang hotdog  i got to judge 31 kinds, was stupefied after 15  harder than i thought but really fantastic, crock pot crazy "
"good morning coffee, good morning cigarette, good morning <propfemale> c: mrawrz"
my life needs an oil change  these gears be guh-rinding 
"bitch, i'm a pick the world up and i'm a drop it on your fuckin' head "
have way too much fun at moogfest you lucky bastards!
wears ridiculous costumes; gets paid $$$  yessss
day off! c= hooray!
cheats death every day  you ever wonder how the hell you're still alive?
*yawn*
i'm never as tired as when i'm waking up   
"extra hour of sleep is so good to me  also, the <propfemale> doesn't stare at me when i drive to work  yay daylight savings!"
"loves free movies and loose loosies, has a pancake padewon, is sucking up the cold, is snugtown64, wants punkin pie and a cool kid tat "
walking dead is fuhreaky
cryin' in the boxed lunches when my favorite sexy mexy had to walk out today  <propfirst> avalos you are a champion chef and a dear friend  i loved working with you all these years  te amo gabey   love 
steak 
surf and turf and durffmunurf  my weekend starts now  and i'm poopxausted 
bluegrassroadkart64
"woody absinthe, <propfirst> birthdayface, will bucknasty, <propmale> blueribbon, <propfirst> dumpsterdawg tugjob, his regal <propfirst> q  smooch boosh, j-rod of constant sorrow, <propfemale> snug, mic shotolli, shai boosh, <propfemale> shwackdethh,  hothot frands in smokey drinkey places  love   love   love   love "
"needs sweep, like nows  xoxoxzzzzzz"
"every time i see the train that drives around the mall i want to dress up like a cowgirl, jump on the back and go all bandito on those kids  \just put all your gold and pokemans in th bag chillins \"""""
kepner melt and some future islands  gonna be a delicious night 
loves how twisted his face gets when he rips out some heartstrings through a sweaty v-neck 
just got the new girltalk on the freeeeee  i suggest you do the same cuz its real good  like freaky good 
"tonight 2010 transgender day of remembrance: candlelight vigil, then <propfirst> + smollon's <<[[[magical birthday extravaganza]]]>>it's friday night  time to  break out the booty wax y'all "
"is fortastic, is poppin bottles, is droppin' bottles, is fhs on a porch couch com, is pellissppi autobaunin', is homesafehailsatan, is workin in 4 hours"
"veggie choppin 101 and anatomy of sandwiches with will <propmale>, then rogue take over at bearden beer market  fine day  damn fine day "
"givin' thanks, givin' spanks, givin' danks  love you friends ^__^"
bad day to be my stomach  coma time  then more!
gettin' my french toast on on tv! live at five at 4  ahhhh!! food partyyyy
feels like midnight sweet jeezus what
coffee so black it makes spoons cry
"it's like an overall tan,\or money in my hand, \or the first time i \could do a headstand"
finaloffa
"believes in a thing called love, fucken needs you tonight, is sleazzzzzy like sunday morning, loves thorsdays, has to fry the chips and the eggz and the tbbbbbth mañana"
woke up with total eclipse of my farts stuck in my head 
all hands on deyock 
"girltalkin, snowdrivin, eggfryin, beerdrankin, derpderpin"
wish i had a rabbit in a hat with a bat and a '64 impala  wish i was like six foot nine so i could get with leoshi cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine 
crescent  <propfemale>  crazy  c:
sexnogggggguh
brunch boot camp starts now  god its early  troubled 
"not gonna lie, i'm a terrible snowdriver "
has just cut off the flow of blood to your brain 
sick like ze dog  hungry like ze wolf  ~_~ this suuuucks 
"hates the ice and the slush and abandoning my car to walk home twice in a week  fuck you winter, i just wanna go to work and make sammiches "
xenabowl64
clementines by the truckload please!
"solstice party! ye-haw! longest night of the year, you know i'm throwin' down "
"today was boots on, head phones in, shopocalypse  now time for xmas <propfemale> <propfemale> karaoke   "
bar christmas is the best christmas  godbressuseveryone!
"is profoundly powerless, is a french horndog, is <propfemale> flavor saver, is <propfemale> and briiiiight "
"furniture burnin', rum wrasslin', snow ballin', <propmale> haulin', ridiculous night "
<propmale> shook is home from portland! ah!
my heart's as full as a baked potaaatoooo!
"unplugged, delirious, time for disco nap "
"life is a beach, i's just playin in dat sayund "
and the speeding train to awesometown
"we's a lovely bunch of coconuts deedidlydee  also, january xmas party with the gourmet marketeers tonight "
snowtarded in the shire  wishing i had some mad waterbending skillz 
"just had <propmale> hill sock it to me, talkin bout new places and new faces and sex and life and identity  so good  got my head on now "
melting like the snow  gonna party like it's 1999  happy saturday! happy birthdays!
my weekend starts nowz  beer market with <propmale>  then who knows! hit me up yo   
downtown with dat <propfirst> brown  love  twerkin some home cookin wit <propmale> in ze mornin 
take a bite of my heart tonight 
"let's start a war, start a nuclear war, at the wal-mart! wal-mart! wal-mart!!!!!"
"i'm outta time, i'm outta f@cking time, i'm a gasoline girl with a gasoline mind "
"linderhof date with jbomb, then rogers, then the <propfemale>   laugh  und wie!"
girl talk!!! sweat till ya bleeeeed!!! dance till ya diiiiieee!!!
xxxhausted 
"today was awesome, tonight will be better than awesome  pork party @ casa de jonny!"
military monday at that place with the beers     you know   
gonna potato pancake all over that tv kitchen and dip some sexy berries live at five (at four)!
"imbolc, groundhog day, gorgeous sunset at a decent hour    dare i say? it makes me look forward to spring!"
what the hell happened last night? i grandma out on karaoke night and shit gets weirds  ew  wha? goddddd
shleephausen z_z then twerk 
"he's the <propfemale>, i'm the sun  i cook for early birds, he cooks for night owls  so this is my weirdy weekend where the sun and <propfemale> meet to hookah playful lode  fall asleep when i should be clocking in, wake up when i usually clock out   love  n_n  love "
heavy metal hangover + bossdouchedickfuckery afoot at work = cook rage!! today sucked but it's getting better   
"crazy week  ballz to ze wallz busy  gourmet all day today, getting ready for round two: servin' up that sexy st  <propfirst> feast with chef mikeymike "
"chocolate covered stawbellies as far as the eye can see, bustin outta town with <propmale> to visit mr  sunshine, gonna take a southbound all the way to <propfemale> till the train runs outta track  woo"
"bearden beer market you heavenly establishment of sunshine, beer and bbq! what could be better than beer and bbq in the sunshine?"
forgot how it feels to walk outside and not curse the cold  i also forgot how good a brand spankin' new knife feels while annihilating food into beautiful bits  ahhh    gewd daaaay
stop! hammock time!
pull over: that ass is too fast
so many hiccups!!
today is <propfemale> toole's bridal shower! wowzers!
sad songs on mexican radio at work (no comprendo)  everything is leaking rain today (soy <propfemale> perdedor) 
this is better than standing in place at a radiohead concert 
can't stop watching the news   gaining perspective 
"p-cake flippin', corn holin', flower bloomin', beer drankin sunshiney day  yes"
"off to my first food show with bossmama and chef <propfirst>  gatlinburg, open bar, free hotel, food party here we come!"
ain't whistlin' <propfemale> 
