ce92afccabec70417b8bffbdfc010c19
frustrated!
i am extremely happy     happy?
about the most boring day ive had in a while   ugh!!
"feliz año nuevo a toda mi familia en chile!!!!\espero que pasaron <propfemale> noche de vispera de año nuevo felices y borracho as jajajaja  abrazos, besos, y bendiciones "
my bf gets the munchies when he's drunk   and he just happened to tell me that the cats food looks pretty good at the moment  uhmmmm yeah   lmfao
happy motherucking new fucking years everyone!!!!!! i hope u all r drunk as fuck right now!!!!!! 2011 here i come!!!
happy 1st of 2011!!!! who is still drinking!!!
2012 is just 1 year away   gotta make the most of 2011 cuz next year the world is going to shit   or is it?
omfg ur compuater is fine!!! geez!!!
ready for 2012 
bored! sundays are always so boring 
never thought this day would be so soon   i'm gonna be a mommy  smile 
lmfao!!!! that last post was an april fools!!!  laugh 
god <propmale> me the serenity  to accept the things i cannot change;  courage to change the things i can; and wisdom to know the difference
this internet connection is pissing me off!!!
really excited to drag my boyfriend along to go see sex and the city tonight!!    lol
regrets dragging her bf along to see sex n the city  worst chick flick and movie in general i've seen in a while  made me ashame to be a woman 
"waiting 4 best buy 2 call me back, they said 5 mins  its been 45    this sucks  frowny "
bored and irritated   blah
"\ a pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity  an optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty \"""""
"about to do some job applications soon, wish me luck  so not looking forward to answering about 100 questions of the same bullshit  every online application has them   have u ever lied? do u love working with ppl? etc  n i'm sitting here wondering if they realize that people just lie when answering? well at least i do"
i've lost my way   
"its funny when ur bf gets mad at u for getting mad at him for playing xbox, but the moment the girl actually wants to try and play they get made fun of for not knowing how! lol  frowny "
omg i hate technology! what u mean to tell me i cant call my waiter to order desert cause theres a lil computer looking thing sitting on top of my table where i need to order from? wtf the last thing i wanna do while im enjoying a meal is try to figure out how to use a freaking object     if i can order my whole meal through that thing they better not e playful ect a tip  shit 
ugh i gotta go to work   i really    really dont want to  frowny 
"and for wishing so bad i didnt have to go to work i think i jinxed it, and spend almost the last 2 hours locked out of the house with my boyfriend  now i dont have to go to work but it was not worth the nightmare  fmfl  frowny "
im giving everyone a big i owe you this christmas  enjoy  smile 
"is excited about returning to school next semester, and showing everyone that doesn't believed that i can finish college my big fat middle finger   smile "
"grateful for my boyfriend who's always been more than supportive, has never lost faith in me, and has and still is helping me to become a better person  luv ya  smile  <propmale> mas smith"
refuses to switch to the new facebook profile 
"registered for the spring semester yesterday! which shockingly took exactly 1hr, in comparison to last semester when it took just about 10hrs! pretty excited im not going back to the hassle of the city colleges of chicago and their nothing but rude staff  <propmale> here i come!  smile "
"this cold, rainy, depressing looking saturday evening calls for a cup of tea, my blanket, a good book and the comfort of my bed  call me and old woman if you want, but it makes me happy  proud self-proclaimed bookworm  smile "
"so let me get this straight   larry <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the   institution of marriage?? really? real   ly   ?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all people!!"
"dear god, please bring back <propmale> marley  in return we'll give you <propfirst> bieber  in jesus name, amen "
"my cat hates me  sad  he'd rather sleep on top of dirty laundry, than to come lay next to me    to make it worse he loves my bf,always going after him, like throwing it in my face, i like him not you  its so unfair  i want another <propfemale> for christmas  a <propfemale> that loves me and only me goddamn it!  sad "
"a palabras necias, oidos sordos!!   asi va no? jajajjaajaja"
"just got back from <propfirst> at 330am,  my bf got us some ice cream!  smile  we are random like that lol"
"drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green  lol"
"i ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders   ~jewish proverb"
having a chilean style christmas <propfemale> dinner!    btw i can out drink my bf(there i said it lol)
druuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> fucking christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is excited about school starting in 2 weeks! dont have to take math 'cause all the classes were filled up, even more excited!"
"so sick of living in a house were everything you do is wrong, and are uncomfortable as hell wondering what the new mistake of the day is going to be  yet people are confused when your always irritable and never show your face around even though you live in the same house   geez i wonder why  fukitol "
"got up early to go to an appointment today, only to find out its not until wed ugh s#!+   slow moment  frowny "
"wtf! they changed my profile!! i didnt want the new profile, i knew they would eventually force me to change it! i freaking hate it!"
"<propfirst> 25th 2011  \hours without a cigarrette- 6 \\dear god, please give me the motivation, the strenght, and the will power to quit smoking  and the self- control and <propfemale> to not snap at the slightest thing \ also please give my boyfriend the wisdom to stop doing things or saying things that will piss me off, because i want to be smoke free, not become a murderer  thank you   smile "
nothing like a high school bathroom stall to keep you amused while you answer natures call  lol
"i don't have a single thing to do today, and my plans where to sleep in, yet my <propfemale> once again wakes me up at an unforsaken(is that a word? lol) hour  and it seems like every day its a little bit earlier, ugh its like having a child  lol"
"im, bored, im sleepy, i have homework to do  and my computers battery is about to die, but im too lazy to get up and look for it  so what to do, what to do? sleep? do my homework? or get up and get the computers charger and procrastinate online even more? uhmmm tough choice "
"shit i really cant make up my mind, ive been staring at the screen like its gonna give me the answer  i think im just waiting for the computer to die to get my ass moving   to the bed most likely  lol "
"furball aka furby, my <propfemale> gets his little balls cut off tomorrow lmao so sad, but its got to be done  and im sure my bf is yet again gonna try to convince me that we should just not have furby get it done cuz they're taking away his manhood lol oh well "
"i really hate ppl that post one status after the other, yet seems like thats what im doing know, im bored so bare with me plus i gotta bare with all u guys when u post like 20 statuses in a row, so there  lol"
"i have about 100 pages to read, a paper to write, a quiz to study for, and like 15 pages worth of notes to rewrite  and this is the definition of procrastination "
"taking furball to the vet in 30 mins to get neutered, he hasnt had any food or water since 10pm last night  my poor baby meowed at me when he saw there still was no food or water when he got up just now   crying "
nothing to watch on regular tv on saturday mornings  i miss cable  sad 
"i give up on taking english 101, first off it seems you have to register for the class 2 years before to get a spot, and the 2 times i manage getting a spot, i end up dropping the class  happened 3 years ago, and its happening now at this very moment as im dropping out of the class online "
"i like english yet, the professors i have had for it have completely sucked, and the course curriculum is so basic i feel im back in 5th grade learning the basics of writing and what not  its english 101, i shouldnt feel im taking a remedial course  and now i cant even find an open class to replace it with  ugh "
"early childhood <propmale> it is, same time same credits  plus i get to play with toys and kids half the class  sweet! fuck you english 101! (unfortunately just for now, wish it wasnt required)"
homework coffee 
"psych homework, coffee & <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world  sleep shall not overcome me!  smile "
"i'm starting to feel claustrophobic stuck in the house with all this freaking snow  and i'm pissed off i was up all night studying for nothing, since classes are canceled for tomorrow  ugh wtf  i wish they would have made that announcement yesterday!"
loves cats  smile 
"loves psychology, the brain is a fascinating thing "
woke up too damn early    again  ugh
loves rock & roll
happy  valentines day everyone!    now please let the advertisement for it stop!
"my <propfemale> is really sick, taking him to the vet today, i hope he makes it  sad   sad   sad "
listening to the runaways & <propfirst> pilgrim soundtrack + homework 
"i wish i had a magic ball that i could check every night to make sure if its worth getting up the next day, or if its going to be yet another plain boring, pointless or dreadful day  in which case i would just stay in bed enjoying sleep rather than lifes madness  blah "
"going to make myself some instant coffee(ewww) because i can feel myself crashing,( woke up too damn early ) n i still have some very boring homework to do  in the \blah\"" mood """
"my very first vet e playful erience, was not a pleasant one  it was weird  the doc seemed fake  n the people waiting in the lobby all looked n acted like they got out of the mental hospital(no offense anyone) "
"some lady sat so close to me n got so close to my personal space (which i truly value) i wanted to run for the door  kept smiling and trying so hard to start a convo about the cats or anything for that matter  she completely looked like she had taken too many \happy pills\"" this morning  really  it was bad """
"and everyone else kept looking at each other like we are the animal lover community so we should just start hugging or something  yes we have something in common, we all own animals, they are all sick  thats it  stop staring at because its creeping me out  and i do not do small talk talk with strangers  period "
"especially dont do small talk with people that get too close to my face, smile when theres nothing to smile about (your pet is sick bitch, your at the vet its not funny) and are bouncing off the walls like 5 a five year old  geez this was a rant  i had to let it out "
"i'm done, i feel better  smile "
"ugh i need to focus, i keep getting sidetracked   keep repeating to myself \ oh its still early i have time to bs around\"" for the past like 6 hrs  ugh"""
up all night doing homework again    it'll all be worth it someday
"another weekend full of homework, homework oh and did i say homework?   sad "
school today  sad 
"<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world , best movie out in a while   buzzed, high, sober or whatever its just the best!!!"
"yesterday and today have been the most pleasant and relaxing days i've had in a while, and i am so grateful for it, i really needed it  thanks to my baby <propmale> smith for making it happen!\ now i hope i don't jinx it!"
not a good night at all 
"sat night doing homework, yay me  sad  didnt realize how much i had, my whole spring break is gonna go to that  oh well  sad "
took advantage of the nice weather today and had a very enjoyable day downtown with my <propfemale> <propmale> smith  thanks babe!
"spring break is over, gotta get my mind back to school crap  and read the most boring book of all time by wed  ugh summer break needs to hurry up  sad "
"ready for my late midterm exam, and ready for the weather to keep getting better  2 random thoughts  i'm tired "
coffee and cigarettes  i know i'm a very healthy person   smile 
i    am    crashing     hard      sad 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!
just got done with a very annoying school project that i procrastinated on almost to the last <propfemale>  so glad i dont have to deal with that crap anymore  i feel like dancing! lol
"done with homework for the day, tomorrow is another story "
"sick of this crappy weather, im already a procrastinator at heart, i dont need another excuse to just stay in bed  so dont feel like going to school tomorrow "
and i just realized   its 420   blah  sad 
"about to do my fafsa ugh i hate doing it and then i dont even get money anyway  on a positive note i finally picked my classes for next semester, just have to register for them monday  im going to be so pissed if they get filled before i get there  so i will be waiting outside before they open the doors lol, im not about to go through another semester of crappy classes and schedules   smile "
