a56fc4c58d30ea915996c90e89fd6835
i got a facebook! ahahahahahahahahahaha
my birthday is tomorrow!!!!!!! *screams*
it's my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i see life as a glass half full!
never start something that you're not willing to finish!
is it normal to always want to stay in your room?
i'm addicted to twitter!  laugh 
"va beach is awesome! sand, surf, and henna tatoos!  laugh  cant wait to show everyone at school!"
got back from va beach! i had a blast!  laugh 
im bored!!!!!!
feliz cinco de mayo!  love 
i have to do all the dishes in exchage for my sister cleaning the rest of the house        sounds like a pretty good eal to me!  laugh 
at va beach again! just for tomorrow!
"i feel like i'm out of the loop  i haven't been at school lately for reason i'ld rather not say, and i feel detached "
"when life gives you lemons, through it back in its face "
"is your glass half full, or half empty?"
"why is love so hard to find? and when you do find it, it's hard to take hold of  and even if you accomplish that, you still have the problem of keeping ahold of it  sometimes i think the universe doesn't want we to find someone to love "
live  laugh  love  love 
not everything can go the way you want it to 
life is what you make of it 
my step-brother plays halo 3 everytime i see him! does he not have any other games?!
sleeping on the floor is so uncomfortable!
   
fiction reveals truths than reality obscures  - jessamyn west
every man dies  not every man really lives 
"if moderation is a fault, then indifference is a crime "
"when you are through changing, you are through "
"when you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go "
life is a comedy for those who think    and a tragedy for those who feel 
ideas shape the course of history 
going to ny tomorrow!  laugh  waking up at 4 smile 0am! dx
went to the beach and had a blast!  laugh 
what would be your speciality in a zombie apocalypse? -- my result: sharpshooter  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 384373 referrals status?aid=100000855613595
"you know you're in love when you can fall asleep, because reality is finally better than your dreams!  love "
has skype and needs friends!  laugh 
love just got more complicated 
"the world is yours, so claim it already!"
i'm bored! *starts to think of random things*giggles* i have an evil mind   playful 
i only got four hours of sleep last night  i'm so drained 
"fa-la-la-la-la, la-la, la-la"
the world seems less confusing when you know what'a giong on   playful 
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!!!!  laugh "
*repeatelly throws her dagger into a tree trunk*
i'm going to my grandpa's later to open christmas presents! yay!  joyful 
at the alco-ton with my daddy  bored as hell  love my daddy though   playful 
snow is such a beautiful thing   smile 
just got back from <propfemale> garden  we had to wait for a table for an hour! but it was worth it! ;p
"the world may be my oyster, but i'm still trying to find the <propfemale> inside "
i have a swim meet tomorrow at university of <propfirst> washington  wish us luck!
the world is a very confusing place to live  hope you all are fast learners! ;p
"if you should e playful ect the une playful ected, what happens when the e playful ected comes and you're not prepared?"
"keep your friends close and your enemies closer  but keep your family even closer than your enemies, so no one you care about gets hurt  \\i would give my life to ensure my friends and family were safe from any enemies i may have   love "
"no school, delay, i don't care  just let me sleep in tomorrow!  troubled "
what do you do when a friend you feel really close to suddenly wants to stop being friends?  crying  i need advice 
"if anyone was wondering where i went, i got my phone tken away"
"is is watching \american dad!\"" on verizon fios tv"""
is i am using my dad's tv to update my status   it's kinda cool   smile 
"is is watching \blue collar comedy tour\"" on verizon fios tv"""
