b2692b8d472101bb11bd0aa05465e381
happy new year!!
back in colorado    9 1 2 months till im home again    yay
classes start on monday    good or bad thing?
needs more information o blazblue: continuum shift
my car is fucked yay    it sounds like something outta <propfemale> wars    yay   
would like the sun to come back pls and for my car to be fixed
is obsessed with dragonica online (thqice ver )
has couldn't take the <propfemale> by <propfemale> kaleilani caceres stuck in my head    
totally wants to watch shogun vs machida october 24
got a d on lab practical wtf
just bought tekken six and is now fkn loving the doa series    seriously its actually a good fighter
fuck got a fucking d on my calc test   
has discovered omgpop games lol
somehow signed up for hte dislike button fan thing like 2 weeks ago but only found out today somehow was not a fan wtf
just created a myanimelist account and found out it's bloody hard to remember all the anime and manga i've read and watched in 6 years!!!!
thanksgiving break!!!
assassin's creed ii raging blast!!!! two different games btw   
finally has multiple weapons in ac ii
happy turkey day
has a wiifit age of 19 woot
i recommend muramasa for the wii
just saw ponyo on the <propmale> by the sea and gotta say its a great movie but <propfemale> mononoke is way better
who wants final fantasy xiii perfume?  i know i don't
   pilates are like the hardest form of exercise ever lol
has sign by flow on loop right now
fuck its snowing again    snowdays are great but a week before finals is a fail
tales of symphonia ii is awesome    and i forgot i had japanese listening to do  annoyed 
wii active > wii fit
just installed cccp and in my opinon cccp = k lite
yes fkn a on my final practical
grades not bad but definitly gotta up the studying time next sem for o chem   
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!
hmm i dont like these constant winds   
hmm my subaru should be fixed soon    and also time to go get me my text books   
one week left
hello school
"tatsunoko vs capcom    retarded but fun lol, recommended for those who have a wii but dont have good games"
playing my sax for the first time in a long time    hmmm where did my embochure go?
"koong hay fat choy, koong hay san nin!!  for those of you who don't know what this means it is not happy <propfirst>'s    happy v-day as well "
k time to study for o chem exam
"got hired today, thank god"
probably not comming home this summer sorry ppls
"had a few invites recently so decided to change back to my old picture so ppl actually know who i am, and also realized that that event was over a long time ago    "
so aparently <propmale> is out for japanese 3 tt - tt
just got my first pay check and seriously not that bad
summer wars = one of the sickest things ive seen in awhile
just picked up another shift today fuck yea
i hate sweeping now lmfao
is preparing for wednesday's o chem test fairly well    or at least i think   
"seriously just slept like for 30 - 45 minutes in stat, proceeded to leave the class for about 10 minutes, came back and started working on o chem   i also missed like nothing    fuck yes"
did decently on o chem exam fuck yes
got a b on my o chem test!!
wooooowwwwwww fucking ffxiii work managed to keep me off my computer for like 2 days
just got a 2010 clash!! retail price : like $340   price i got it for: like $70
that just made my day    maybe my whole month of april lol
hmmm i think this week started great      
so i can take a break after tomorow right?
and finally pokemon goes back to fkn regular colors    pokemon black and white japan 2010   
believes his friends from hawaii are fucking awesome    and that karanging his leg with a sledge hammer is not   
i wonder how my o chem exam went    
did decently on my o chem exam and my advising seems to be going decently!!
yesterday's complete day off was fun    now crunch time    
"kawashita mizuki just bused out fkn 2 one shots, today is a fucking 5 <propfemale> day lol"
finally gave in and bought fucking soul silver   
really wants to go to california in two weeks
wants to go to the flow concert in cali   
bought a snake and my mom said the name we thought for it is ng    taking names    will post pics later 
"k <propfemale> and <propfirst> already gave ideas, now i have pics up so please ideas for snake name"
"set up my web cam today, probably download skype and oovoo"
got my game from <propfirst> kong yesterday!!
"saw predators, pretty sick"
k school tomorrow kinda lookin forward to it!
ho fuck lost my wallet for a bout an hour
k computer fucking blue screened and ended up getting an asus!! and on another note i'm now the proud owner of the autograph of the mobile suit gundam creator!! thanks <propfemale>
       got slapped by some kinda weird ass sickness this weekend ng
just made an account on amazon japan    fuck   
my fkn computer is now complete yay!!!
my fkn computer is now complete yay!!!! and i found out amazon japan doesn't let you ship video games to the usa     boo
k amazon japan fuck you    just ordered 8 more light novels   
fuck yes my light novels shipped and i will get them soon  smile 
k guys reading light novels in japanese is really fucking hard    lol
             amazon japan is not only evil for making me buy shit from them     it's also evil for giving me fucking other sites to buy shit from    
love fucking cyber monday
bought 4 games from yesasia yesterday    going to buy 2 blu rays on friday from amazon jp    good to know i support the japanese economy!!
really fucking addicted to cosmic break     and my car fucking broke again     yay    
still swear to god that fucking amazon and all those other sites i buy shit from are gonna be the end of me   
just created a japanese account on psn    shit lol
thanks to everyone who said happy birthday to me!!
"wow, my body is so bus up right now    "
hey anybody wanna help name my dog  something long and weird cause it's an akc name 
"w00t to getting a special edition game, without paying 30 extra bucks to get it!!"
who hates snow? <propmale> hates snow
it seems i've caught the cold that everyone of my friends seems to have    fuck   
added to list of nicknames: tropic thunder  lmao
super addicted to core pride by uverworld
first time i've been this sick since i got here       and right before finals fuck
thanks <propfirst>    now i really want a loco moco    
really hating accounting right now    
anyone else find it extremely ironic that the top 2 for the japanese oricon charts are two korean bands?
i would like to thank <propmale> for readdicting me to bejeweled blitz    i even downloaded it to my iphone   
"loco moco for breakfast = win\(good) chinese food for lunch dinner = more win\pregaming for a best friend = pricless"
over $300 in plants including a japanese <propfemale>     happy mother's day!!!
k so to the people who knew my car was fucked up and making weird noises    finally fixed it    three words power steering fluid
tripe stew ftw!!!!
    once again addicted to core pride by uverworld    also really wants to play my sax again   
life 6 sense     fuck yea
hogs gone wild    fucking dumb ass show
fml like the first time i've ever seriously thought that in my life 
i would like my car to work again please   
and a great series ends     (t^t)
car fixed    yay now don't break on me til after i grad in two years   
seriously car    fuck you
new uverworld album came in!! victory!!  smile 
ok seriously car do not die on me please!!!
e3    and no not the big gaming convention    say it like a japanese person lol
working out at the gym today    bad idea so tired now   
man i hate middle schoolers    
shiny potato 
finally had a good hawaiian meal down in windsor today    so happy!!
i put stuff in people's minds!!!
"t - t my friends who returned to japan, i miss you all already!!"
i am now playing civ world thanks to <propfirst> <propmale> >o<  ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
"k guys, alcohol doesn't make your leg not hurt   "
sad that the blue devils lost to the cadets but they both had great shows!  smile 
was going to work out today    but became lazy and decided tomorrow sounds better   
"as promised, today was a workout day!"
been pretty addicted to iphone games lately    and not the free ones   
was e playful ecting the next kairosoft game to come out in like october    but it came out like yesterday    thank you itunes apps    thank you!!
"it's a bit late but    melon pan is just as delicious as i remember, thank you <propfemale> egeler for buying it for me!!"
discovered a new band    the sketch book  probably going to buy all 3 of their singles when they come out in september
lost my brush pen     now how am i supposed to do my ????? <= edit thanks to <propfirst> butler lmfao
i know in sick when i've only eaten twice today and i'm not hungry    
"finally healed!! god damn, it's been awhile since i've been sick for more than like 3 days"
holy shit    new facebook is confusing
you know you're a fat ass when you eat the equivalent of 2 1 2 meals at ihop   
thanks to <propfemale> kinn i have crap tons of things to watch now!
?? fuck you    seriously   
really hates snow    ???????
seriously out of shape    dammit
dressing up for halloween for the first time in like 12 years!
seriously snow go away! ??????????????
sleep > working out lol
??????????????????????orz
