3ed5aad247cadf121fec38b29f075756
burger <propmale> is getting a new steak house extra thick burger next sunday and i highly recommend it its the japlapeno and chedder stuffed xt burger so be sure and try it in the next few weeks ill post again when we start saleing them
have you ever posted a stupid comment just joking and your friends friend got mad well i have and it sucks when you ruin a friendship that way 
you know i was thinking earlier    so watch out!!!!
hello my name is __________! and i'm a slakaholic who enjoys long hours of doing nothing!
"i wish i could see your beautiful face, and then throw a pie at it! lol"
every one has that speacial something that draws people to them  if your lucky enough to know what that is then you shouldn't waste the oppurtunity to make friends  just a thought i had 
just got back from the lake and had a good time met two really cool girls and have a really bad sun burn! yea its great
sometimes the things that should be left unsaid    are the things that someone really needs to hear 
ouch!!!!! sunburn!!!!!
"poke\me if you've had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm \cute, inbox me if you've ever wanted a relationship  put a smile if \we are friends, put anangry face if you don't like me, or put a \heart if you want to be more than friends, now lets see who's brave \         enough  copy and paste this as          your status    smile hehe"
hey text book friends i'm getting off of here to play a game if ya wanna talk just text me
hey anyone up out there message me or something
why do some people feel emotions more than other people? or stronger than others? what reason is there for it i wonder?
have you ever fealt like you were being ignored? i have and it sucks even when you know that there not doing it on purpose it still hurts your feelings! that sucks!!
wishing   wishing   wishing          do we have world peace yet?! lmbo
i really miss some friends and wish i could <propfemale> out with them but who has the time or money to <propfemale> out?
i just had a really good thought     never mind i lost it! lol
heard from a good friend last night!!! had a great time talking to her!! but now i'm so confused   and i don't mind one bit!
new phone is finally working yea now ive just got get used to the key board lol
"fb\\n\peace&love\"""""
"amassing a fortune on fable 3 so i can get a key to a chest but then i have to lose the fortune to open the chest, it better be something good in that chest im at 501,714 gold and need probably 500,000 more"
sitting at work not really wanting to clock in but the good news is that i have over 3 million gold on fable 3 but i still cant get the key i need to open the chest am i a dork or what lol
wish i was at church instead of work but to day is looking like a great day
"a whopper with chesse and a root beer whike on break in the \break room\"" lol its great"""
"off work and headed to church, now i get to have some fun lol"
glad im off work today
i miss two of my really good friends
"i miss two of my really good friends and ofcourse i miss my little cuz <propfemale>, love ya <propfemale>"
eating papa pablanos with <propmale> <propmale>
uggh so stuffed      i wonder whats in the pantry   lol
limited time offer text me or message me any questions you want and ill be 100 percent truthful    well 99 9 percent lol
a great new friend whom i get along with so well so heres to you <propfemale>
lunch is the best part of my job sometimes    am i the only one that feels that way?
had a great night hanging with <propfemale> and her sisters family and friends  happy birthday <propfemale>!
playing fable 3 if anyone wants to <propfemale> out and play games let me know and come on over lol
"i hope my friend is ok i haven't heard from her in a while, hopefully she'll let me know shes alright soon "
im so not looking forward to tomorrow
ok i survived   thanks to kingdom hearts birth by sleep! it got alittle nerve wracking when my psp started dieing and the charger wouldnt work   but im still sane    ish lol hope everone had a good day
you know sometimes i think whats the use of having friends   then they do or say something that makes you laugh and you think what would i do without them  so to all my friends i love you all
i love my best friend <propfemale>!! lol
was supposed to work today     but im not    lol
had a great time today with amber   im free to be myself and talk to her about things that id normally not talk about
at work and my phone is almost dead so if you text me ill try and get back to you when i get off later  love ya
im at home and have my phone charging it was wierd having it but not being able to use it
cleaning the church after choir practice for an hour and a half    which way was my bed again lol
so tired   annoyed    iritated     and couldnt care less about anything happening around me
had an ok day at work yesterday and a great night lastnight     but not looking forward to today 
well i had an interestimg night lol but being there for a friend is worth the tired feeling i have right now
ice skating in little rock was great i had a blast and didnt fall once lol i just wish my bestie could have been there with me
hoping work goes by fast today
got off work early    lol
its beginning to look alot like christmas!
<propfemale> christmas every one and good night to all!
nothing gets me in the christmas spirit like playing fallout new vegas!
well off to work     sad 
had a good time with <propmale> <propfemale> and addy    i miss hanging out with them
headache   tired   comfortable bed   tylenol pm    im out for the night
its raining!! and all i want to do is go outside and play in the rain
so if someone wanted to come ''kidnap'' me from work that would be great lol
church is clean and dead cell phone is charging now its time to rest lol
good night all
work work work   why not video game video game video game lol
the roads arent as bad as they have been the last couple of days but everyone should still be careful if you have to drive today
anyone have an ipod that they dont want and would be willing to sell it let me know
"''we got a picture, but lost a friend '' by <propmale> briggs d-now 2011"
"well great news i had a great weekend and get home to find out that one of my dogs got loose and ran away so if anyone sees a whiteish alaskan husky\\wolf in or around tahoe lake estates and old bear let me know, his name is anakin and he has no collar, hes harmless and loves to play so he,ll try and jump on you and lick you but he wont bite"
which would be better   hanging out with my bestie or spend time with my girlfriend                  ill do both! lol
i didn't know kamo but to those who did celebrate his life on this day and remember all the fun and good times  happy birthday kamo!
"cosmic infinite power, itty bitty living space lol"
well cashed my state income tax check and put some money down on a car to get them to hold it for me till i get my federal and can give them the rest of the down payment
