025862bf53c2fb7cf773a7da9b66f13a
celebrating new years as usual -- at home! happy new years everybody!
waiting for the warmer weather to return   
finally a warm and <propfemale> lunch hour that i was able to spend lying in the sun  (clothing free of course!)
warm weather is finally here and i got in the first clothes-free hike of the year!  it felt good to be out in the sunshine   
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   i spent my birthday traveling home from vacation   nine hours and 500 <propmale> of driving kind of wears a fellow out 
i just got back a while ago from the funeral of an infant grandson of a close friend  it had to be the most emotionally intense funeral i've ever attended   my heart goes out to the family 
a holiday weekend is nearly here and i haven't a clue on how to spend it   
two more days until it's officially fall   i'm missing summer already   
today was a perfect day for a clothes-free hike  too bad i only had about 45 minutes to spend on the trail   i'm just thankful we're having a bit of an indian summer at the moment 
"i survived christmas, so now i need to figure out how i'm going to spend new year's eve day"
fought with the wireless router and the router won   playful 
"68f at the end of december   if this is global warming, i think i like it!   wink "
"off to wichita to make the final business purchases of the year  it's hard to believe another year and another decade is about to end   it seems like it wasn't that long ago we were \partying like it was 1999\""  lol"""
woke up early this morning with a sinus headache  not the way i'd like to start my day 
feeling better than yesterday but that's not saying a lot 
"why do so few online friends translate into real life friends?  i realize the minimal chances of meeting those who live far away, but what about those that live near?"
who the heck ordered all this cold and snow?
the bitter cold is finally leaving but the wind chill doesn't make it feel much better  how long is it until spring?
it sure looks better outside than what was forecast   
why do fridays always have to be such a pita?  i'm glad the work week is over   
the weekend is here   now what? lol
the snow has stopped and the sun is out   now if the temps would just warm back up i'd be happy 
"if the forecast is correct, all our snow melted just in time for another winter blast   hopefully we won't have too many more rounds before it warms up and stays warm  (i can dream, can't i? lol)"
no wonder the house felt cold this morning   we shattered the previous record with a low temp of -14f   and to think just two weeks ago we hit 71f!
"the weekend is almost here, so i hope our reprieve from winter weather lasts through it   i could sure use some time outdoors without freezing my butt off "
"i should probably think about getting some rest as i've been awake for about 24 hours   i spent about the last 12 hours playing \rock band\"" with friends   but first i need to come down off the caffeine   """
cottage cheese with chunky salsa   yum!
"yesterday morning the temperature felt like spring, but the temperature this morning reminds us that it's definitely still winter   sad "
"i'm not sure if it's my phone or fb, but the mobile app keeps crashing and i'm not getting text notices like i should   very annoying   "
i'm growing tired of mother nature's sense of humor  spring like weather one day and freezing cold the next  how the heck is a person supposed to adjust to that?
mother nature and or the weathermen must be on drugs   winter storm watch out for today and tomorrow is forecast to be in the mid 60's   wtf?
i need to get off fb and get some shopping done   i wonder what i'll return with this time   
"it's sunday, so now what?"
"march is here, so it's only 3 more weeks until it's officially spring   it can't happen too soon for me!"
"while i'm thankful for warmer weather, i hate the sinus headaches that comes with it "
yea! sunshine! nice to have a <propfemale> day for a change  too bad the warm weather that's coming with it isn't forecast to last long   sad 
why does it seem to be easier to keep up with friends who live across the country than with the ones that live across town?
