30cc6f9d85dfc5e0263c371cd82d4adf
who else out there is a big brother?
plugging along  slow and steady  staying ready  having fun; getting it all done  it's good to be alive son  (solo from the bongos)
"halloween party  6585 milk farm road, dixon, ca 95620  corn maze  everyone is invited  spread the word! this is going to happen!"
k97 g6!
i have transcended into a new realm of geekdom 
has had a really disappointing weekend 
i apologize for any spam messages anyone might receive  i am not the one actually sending that stuff 
why must it be second semester already? i have too much stuff that must be done before i leave 
so this is what the outside world looks like 
"is it okay, if i don't know what to think anymore    at all?"
"\we're gonna starta revolution from my bed  'cause you said the brains i had went to my head  step outside 'cause summertime's in bloom  stand up beside the fireplace  take that look from off your face  'cause you ain't never gonna burn my heart out \"""""
dude    it feels so awesome to have k98 come home because it reminds me of my days at applegate  k97 g6!
any suggestions for my doppelganger? i've got nothing here 
just went old school and got some oasis 
if i could make music like <propmale> waits    i'd be very happy with myself 
you know what's the most awesome feeling ever? giving someone a hug when they need it and you know you made them smile  yes 
i was just wondering    who actually knows me?
best way to get out of a crappy mood: listening to some clash 
"just got back from retreat and it was awesome! on a more depressing note, i just found out i was rejected from usc  mixed feelings    retreat powers activate now!"
"it is only after letting my mind wander in a haze of tiredness that i realize so profoundly and honestly, yes i do in fact love my life "
"even after all the chaos, after all the mess, it's the one thing that remains: love "
"for all men and women everywhere: if you stand for justice, we stand with you in our silent vigil "
the deed has been done  i just registered for uc <propmale>  and i couldn't be happier about it  college!
"one of these two things is true: either i feed off the happiness of other people, or kairos is able to produce contact highs  either way, i am beyond happy right now "
keep the car running till we reach that place where no cars go 
because she told me to 
everyone comment on my changed relationship status  <propfemale> wants more attention 
"we get good judgment from e playful erience  we get e playful erience from bad judgment \\thank you, class of 2010 "
i finally have a car!
toy story 3 was the completion of my childhood  it was made for me as i move on to college 
sanity seems insane when you face reality 
"for all people who may hear my voice, the jesuit class of 2010 most likely to's are in  join our group, laugh, have fun, enjoy life "
"well i was going to say nice things about you, florida, but then you left me stuck at the airport  you and your damn weather "
"like\ my last status then i'll tell you what i    1  like about you, 2  \dislike about you, 3  a confession i have about you, 4  and my first \impression of you "
i now have another favorite movie 
"two amazing cds  i didn't think they could do it again  i'm ashamed to admit, i was skeptical about their new one  but truly, these people know what they're doing  arcade fire has got to be the greatest band ever "
just got a new computer! now i just need to download everything   
i love college!
captain pamstang reporting for duty 
decided to take the night off  best idea ever 
giants world series!
1st time at the world series  1st game of the 2010 world series  1st win (by the giants) of the 2010 world series  plus being on national television 
philosophizing at one in the morning  that's the best 
let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce; <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time; <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage; <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of    marriage?? really? really??? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all!!
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
got my glasses back finally  woot!
