1292ec70b9751298255ef5dcdba1c6b6
saw an <propfirst> on true life yesterday  laugh   laugh 
bored  kinda sick  sleepy 
d: school is exhausting  i lost my elbowen  laugh ddddddd
kind of tired  sore  i think i may make some pizza and pass out  d:
followed <propfemale> hom lol      kidnap?
"as i quote from my rpc's twitter \randomness is not a useless factor it just depends on how you use it and turn it into your secret weapon   wink \""-says the wise old <propfemale> """
watching repo  lol  10 9 pavi!!!  laugh  hells yeah
hanging out at <propfemale>'s doin the usual  > smile  om nom? yesh om nom chinese food soon > laugh 
this is so how i wanted to spend my weekend  sick  ewe
wow    i never knew how lonely i would be  ): being this alone really sucks 
in just a few hours i went from being 96% girl to 86% boy  what the hell?
"why is it so cold? gah, i'm so bored  almost no one is online and i need to be entertained 24 hours a day!  laugh "
stupid cat  my feet are freezing yet they burn now  i hate that thing d:<
this is just so stupid! i can't get relief anywhere!!! one of those days when i just wanna quit 
rawr rawr rawr  listening to my 'jam' on it-mindless self-indulgence   love 
"i'm <propfemale>, this is your wonderland -<propfemale> in wonderland, wynter <propmale>"
today was soo       boring slow lame  tomorrow should be better  ):
is contemplating on when to punch her annoying stalker in the head  d:<
"is no longer covered in <propfemale> ink  thank you <propfemale>'s secret  _  that was awesome though, i'm surpised the table isn't horribly stained with the black circle shaped things(?) of death "
i hurt so much t^t gah  i'm so dizzy right now tooo     fml  i have to get tested soon  joy joy joy!!!!!
i wanna go to the private school across the street behind my house t^t i does 
getting ready to go see <propfemale> in wonderland
just got back home  movie was awesome  laugh 
>_> <propfirst> got me addicted to the song sexy bitch  wtfh?!
"been on the phone with <propfirst> for almost four hours, talking to a bunch of people online, need to clean up my cooking soon >_>"
"yes, i've added that to the list of the things i need to tell my family tomorrow    i need to do what now? oh, really? okay, that's going on top of the list!"
"family came and went in a three and a half hour time span, i'm so sleepy "
"oh yeah, burned myself with the straightner, slammed it shut on my left index finger  ow  giant welt blister thingy on it now "
"i need to draw    i want to, but i don't want to "
just realized she's going to be 17 in four months  life goes by fast  surprise 
"i think one of the only things worse than being forgotten, is realizing that you weren't even important enough for them to remember you "
"well, since my projects are all done, i think i'll start a new one  it may or may not involve pirates ^^"
"fish heads, fish heads, rolly <propfemale> fish heads, fish heads, fish heads, eat them up, yum!~ yeah i'm gonna draw pirate england  laugh "
"gah, debating who i wanna draw right now  a bunch of people want me to draw prussia again, and then others want me to draw pirate england  gah decisions decisions "
"\it's so much sugar you go into a coma and die cute!  surprise  i mean so sweet it'll put you in a coma and kill you!\""-me talking to <propfirst> about chibitalia's mkc about five seconds ago """
"gonna get off in a minute and finish watching religilous  someone who can make an ass out of so many people, so easily is just epic "
"me-i don't under stand why my kite won't fly!!!!!!! sam-   um, <propfemale>? you're in your room "
"in utah, it is considered an offense to hunt whales   surprise "
"baking a cake, being special, getting ready to go out for one thing and one thing only  passsssssttttttaaaaa~!!!!!!!!"
mountain dew typhoon is freaking amazing  ^^
the hell?! i just laid on my couch and my cat jumped on me and bit my arm! d< the hell stoner cat?!  laugh  it's probably cause i ignored him when he tried to love me  i'm doing homework!
"brits have got the monarchy, the us has the money, but i know that you wanna be canadian  the french have got the wine and cheese, koalas <propfemale> with the aussies, but i know that you wanna be canadian  (epic song)"
"two kids, one love, who cares if we make it up?-the maine"
"trying to speak in a damn russian accent, but it's coming out british  i also cannot say the word 'slaughter' in the accent  it keeps coming out 'slaufter'  surprise  what  the  hell "
okay so i can speak in a cowboy accent perfectly but not a russian accent?! d:< damn wyomin' 
"so today i have learned, if i want to speak in a british accent, i have to try to speak in a russian accent, and if i wanna speak like a cowboy, it's pretty much second nature 8-8"
"the fuck  i hate the things on this damn site, that randomly sends them to everyone  the fuck facebook?"
"\what happens in hawaii     ends up on forums!\""-me on a rp forum """
it's 11 smile 2    do you know where your children are?
so today i found out my calligraphy teacher was in the new coheed and cambria music video  awesome 
"stressed out, i hate homework "
why does being grounded suck so bad? damn geometry  two weeks as of sunday  annoyed 
"tomorrow is going to be a fun day  today will be awesome too, i'll be chilling with my mom "
needs a new profile pic   laugh  mine is 7 months old 
so dio is dead      surprise  
\can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? \,1292ec70b9751298255ef5dcdba1c6b6,finally starting to feel better  smile 
"oh fuck you microsoft word, you just had to have the last laugh, four hours of work, down the damn drain  fuck  hospital first thing in the morning  not  my  week "
what the hell  just did it again d:<
"     my cat is sitting, biting me and digging his claws into my back now  just what did i do today?! d: oh well, night "
"first time you broke my heart, it took a while to heal  second time you broke my heart, i decided you definitely aren't worth it and i actually saw it coming  there isn't going to be a third time, stop messaging me, stop calling me, we've been through this "
5 surprise 4 in the morning  going to bed soon~ *yawns* i got a lot done  now on summer vacation~!
"stressed, supposed to be grounded till friday, for whatever reason, and i may have gotten another week  i kinda regret not going to school this week  i pulled an all nighter too "
"for some reason, when i was woken up at two in the morning, instead of going back to sleep i took a shower  dude what the hell "
"spent about        5 hours in the fucking hospital last night    i have to get surgery in the next few months  gah, this sucks so bad     "
"blegh, i feel sick still  >_>        i'm gonna try to take my step-sister to <propfemale> canyon's pool tomorrow  come!  laugh  lol"
"i love how on the days i don't have attacks, i get the throat thing from my step-sis and now i can't talk, laugh or do anything   _  yet <propfirst> keeps making me laugh, and i keep teasing her about being an ostritch   love  my austria "
"at 9 smile 0, i was kidnapped by my grandparents for three hours   laugh               i haven't even gone to bed yet "
"i'm almost on hour 36 of being awake    at first i was just going for 48 hours, but now i'm gonna see how long i can go before i pass out "
"update: hour 37: 2nd cup of coffee, slightly out of it, and i am slowly getting better at typing    more or less  at least i didn't black out for a few seconds again "
"hour 39   i think    ha~ i'm wide awake now, still on my second cup of cofee~"
hour 40   finally here  *sighs* 8 hours and about 40 minutes and i'll have been up for two days *eye roll* ewe
hour 41: worst hour of the 48 hours  let's just go with that  lack of sleep symptoms: dizzy spells 
hour 42: i feel so much better  i love the people around me   love 
43: it's all getting easier now  just five more!  laugh 
45                     i'm kinda tired  *shrugs* waiting for everyone to wake up 
"47: ewe shaking, it's so cold down here in the basement "
48 hours      that got really slow towards the end  ewe
"surgery next thursday  i can't wait, only a little bit longer until i get rid of this stupid organ and start finally feeling better "
"i'm not getting my surgery this thursday anymore, still really annoyed by that  this afternoon was not very pleasant "
well    i've officially stayed up to at least 6 am everyday for a week   annoyed  i need to get out of this place     i wanna go to wyoming for my birthday  getting stircrazy   annoyed 
started working at convincing my parents to let me go to ndk again  i've pretty much got 'em 
"i'm just so annoyed, and i can't stop crying  why do people insist on making me really mad on days that are supposed to be good? i just don't care anymore    in other news, my hair is short again, tomorrow when mom gets home we're finishing it and dyeing it "
going to finish cutting my hair and dye it tomorrow~???
"okay, so apparently we aren't doing my hair til about    sunday or monday, if it's wednesday, i'll be annoyed  i think we should have a bbq or something "
"\\( ° ? ° )             i'm tired             gonna go to bed now, no more allnighters d8 "
"birthday is in 3 days  awesome  i still wanna have a bbq, but i have no clue if we're doing anything  i'm bored, <propfirst>'s not here to entertain me  laugh  we gotta go get new ice cream that doesn't taste like store-made cake \\( ° ? ° ) "
i love how on saturday i said i was pulling no more all nighters     ewe 
"hanging out with my mom later today, getting ready for my birthday tomorrow  still don't know if we are doing anything though  annoyed "
it's my birthday officially now!!!!! awesome!
"ha ha, today is a good day  even though my cat decided to wake me up at 6 smile 0 and wouldn't go away "
i just got a cake in the mail  i didn't even know you could do that!  laugh  i love you <propfirst>!  love 
"as of 5 minutes ago, i am 17~ whooooooo~!"
gotta get up in 6 hours to go to the hospital  yay!  laugh  at least i won't have to waste all day 
just got back from the hospital a little while ago  i am just tired and a little sore 
"first day of healing is going pretty good    well    except for me over exerting myself, but i'm just that special  gonna go to bed soon, night everyone!  love "
all allllllloooooone for now  love  i hope my parents stay at the canyon so that my brother can come over and we can <propfemale> out   or something  i can't type  annoyed   laugh 
"gah, i hurt today  damn my stomach  hanging out with my brother, it's pretty fun  i'm surprised i didn't pass out much today, i guess i am finally winning against the pain meds  smile "
"so, apparently i am now suffering from what those in the medical business call 'subconjunctional hemorrhaging' or what i like to call 'zombie eye syndrome' it looks fucking awesome   love "
i just learned that i have the subconjunctional hemorrhaging in both eyes  fml 
"just got my senior year schedule  it fucking sucks   annoyed  my mom let that bitch pick all of my classes  i wanted ap european history and <propmale> 2, i got law enforcement and american sign language  *twitches*"
"i'm exhausted  asl is an odd, odd little class     not little actually  can it be next friday night already?"
"i have many ideas for next weekend, i am so happy! awesomest thing that will be happening to me since    i don't know when!"
"finally home  love  had a great week at my aunt's, i'm still really sick though d:"
bleh    even sicker than yesterday 
"blini and terriyaki chicken   interesting     but   yeah \\alone til tomorrow night! what a calm weekened owo"
"it's cold today     hanging with the kids, don't really wanna go to school but then again   when do i?"
<propfirst> the octopus died qaq why does everything i love die?!   don't answer that   
apparently i would be trixie the triceratops from toy story 3  what the hell <propfirst>? owo
i'm easily amused oh wow  going to the state prison tomorrow morning~  i promise i didn't do anything  laugh 
"bleh, i don't feel good now  i still have to go to school tomorrow though  thursday, i'm just staying home! hell yes!"
"if that thing playing in the background of whatever firefox tab it's on just said what i think it said, i'll be scared for my life "
soooooo boooorrreeedd  cleaning the house before parental units get back  (ewe i wish i had an <propfemale> unit)
happy thanksgiving! (nothing like going to bed at four in the morning when you have to do a bunch of cleaning)
"concert was awesome! good job everyone!\bleh, i feel sick again  at least winter break is almost finally here "
"bioshock, cookies, coke, <propfemale> canes, more bioshock  damn you big daddy!!!! tonight is a good night~!"
"well, nothing beats cereal at three in the morning =w=b family coming over today    db aaaannnndddd i get to restart bioshock for the third time in a week  joy"
the object to your left is now your weapon of choice in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  what is it? o^o a peeps chick plush      ?u?
"\be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind \""-dr  seuss\",1292ec70b9751298255ef5dcdba1c6b6,"'error: there was an error' :i 'login failed' :i   is that why i'm logged on? really facebook? really \\cb in other news, i need to stop listening to lady gaga while i text <propfirst>    "
"c: it's four in the morning    o^o i miss my object of torture \\      my ipod makes funny sounds when i touch it in certain places cb"
"well, now that i'm basically dead in the head, i'm gonna go to bed  =w=b be back soon?"
"fffffffffffffuuuu- my mom just unknowingly pulled a giant prank on me  i pass out a few hours ago since i was kinda sick, so when she got home, she woke me up and said something about it being almost 7 and something about school, so i was freaking out and texted my friend, and then i saw the clock  :i i feel stupid now   "
"what the hell  the minute maid commercial just went 'it's like a rainbow! wait no, a double rainbow! omg double rainbow!!!!' eae"
i think i may be going to school on maybe monday    oh damn  :i
"i love how i have a fever but my nose is frozen as are me feet, just from chilling in the basement   at this point, that is a literal term "
"yay! home alone again! yay!     fuck it, i'm playing bioshock and other things  c:"
"fffffff-this is why i can't play bioshock late at night  i saw a shadow run across my boat and flipped  -is now locked in room with tank, pasta, <propfemale> m&m's and devil- ; 7 ;\\only video games do this to me too   devil also isn't bad for an m  night shamallama (rofl the inside jokes) movie  what a twist "
"so, my parents went on about a forty or so minute search for me  it took them that long to realize that i had fallen asleep on the couch "
