fc320e1b5b525b562caf5032c7457674
happy new year
well be off to uva tommarow for the start of orientation 
just got to uva!!
"thinks that charlattsville is much better than willamsburg, and thinks it is funny that the uva medical center is housing 2 swine flu victoms, yay!"
uva!!!
loves <propfemale>!
loves <propfemale> and uva!
needs more people at uva to plat tennis with
is super excited because of his a on his astronomy exam! and for oysterfest!
"yay, 19 year's old, now lets see if it is rewarded by a decent physics exam grade!"
"had a super fun b-day, yay, i love suprises, you all are awsome!!"
<propfirst> <propfirst> uva!
is ready for thanksgiving break!
off to <propfirst>'s house for some super new years fun  laugh 
has a broken cell phone  sad 
says it's cold outside
"says it's still cold outside, burr "
"said \hay sexy\"" to the <propfirst> of students"""
went to agape and wamed with halo
really hopes the saints win this one in overtime
"that did it, the saints are going to the super bowl!"
it's doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin photo then cut and paste this to your status!
thinks that online calc homework is stupid sad 
"things happen the way they are suppost to, difficulties may appear bad, but in the long run you learn so much and come out of it a better person"
"for some reason, the general concensus at uva is that red head guys can, an should, totally pull off wearing ear rings  don't ask me why "
still thinks that online math homework was created by pure evil!
is coming home for spring break!
says its time to play some tennis
i miss nasa
wasn't selected to be an ra this year  sad 
thunks uva students should all wear jumpsuits cause they're rockin!
definition: <propfemale> tech student (noun): a uva applicant that didn't get accepted 
"time to go to the elzinga talk, hope its enlightining"
another nice weekend
got his tennis racquet stolen  sad 
thinks parametricequations are fun  smile 
woot! time to go to the wacky olympics with agape
"one math exam down, astronomy to go"
"all hard exams done, yay, only one humanity to go"
went to the swimming pool and learned he is acually half decient at swimming!
"comming home today, just have to get through one more final and i'm offically a 2nd year!"
"well, it looks as if middlesex county was not as fun as remember it since i've been to college  which is why i'm going for a day tommarow!!!"
"heaven is not only the place you go once you’ve passed, it\is also your place in the hearts of the others that you’ve left behind"
"i think it's kinda silly that in an m&m commercial i watched a single m&m is referred to as \an m&m's\""  i don't quite know how i feel about this """
is now fully ready for college! bring it on!!!
"was on the big screen at the football game for a whole 5 seconds saturday!\woo!"
"to love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten \                                                                                 <propfirst> chandler"
"i'd be really funny if facebook notified you when you were defriended \\(enter name here) defriended you  would you like to send them a virus?\"""""
college dorm now ready for halloween!!!
went to an interesting talk on how genisis 1 is still valid in a scientific world 
i need a day off  laugh 
is excited to teach kids about astronomy with dark skies bright kids today 
is going to play some tackle football with agape!
"ugh, lab reports   annoyed "
"my computer is on it's last legs  sad  \let's hope it can survive till the end of the semester "
needs more sleep  annoyed 
"time to do some math, woot "
i'm so happy and i don't know why  laugh 
yay halloween!!!
"work work work, so i don't have to feel guilty about coming home for oyster festival"
"yay, halloween!!!!"
trick or treat!  laugh 
can't wait for oyster festival!!
oyster fest!!!!
"omg, my car insurance cut in half cause i'm so old  awesome!!!"
"get to go to fan mountain observitory next week, exciting!!!"
labs  playful 
"no more hair beard!!! no one seems to reconize me, haha"
everybody should come to mccormick open night this friday because i'll be working the telescope this week!!!
went to fan mountain observortory but the vaccumm seeling the liquid nitrogen gave and the ccd got too hot to use  sad  have to go back this weekend 
"ran mccormick observatory for open night tonight because the professor who does it was out of town   but i had no idea that a professor was not going to come to take his place to lectture on jupiter and the history of the telescope  so, i had to discuss the history of the telescope and jupiter in front of 150 people, and i actually knew what i was talking aa about!!  made me feel so perfessional  smile "
"just learned that all his images taken at fan mountain observatory tonight were taken in vein  it turns out that when we would switch between red, green, and blue filters it didn't do it because a wire grazed the switch for the filter controle from remote to local  since it was in local, when we would tell the filter to switch, it didn't do it  super  sad   sad   sad   sad "
going to probably have to leave home early over thanksgiving because of observational astronomy   sad 
"working with the images i took at fan all day   so much left to do, farewell nice long thanksgiving break "
yay!!!! turkey day  laugh 
"back at uva, anybody else here yet??"
time to get some serrious work done!!
"come on uva, why do you want to pass the ball to vt so much!!!!!"
can't wait to work all day tomorrow  woo!
just finished my lab 20 minunts before it's do  whooo time management!!!
"at fan mountain doing spectroscopy, woot"
i am personally leading a more personal mccormick open night wed  dec  8th  at 8p m  so any uva students that wish to come are welcomed 
"computer finally decided to die on me, hope tech can fix it"
exams  playful 
"totally killed my astronomy final, yay!!!"
exam time!!!  playful 
multivariable calc  playful  well let's just get it over with 
"soooo close to the end, all this hard work finally feels like it's paying off "
"observational astronomony exam, prepare to meet your maker!!!  laugh "
home  laugh 
snow  laugh 
"got my first ever a this semester, yay!!"
at the hall's as always  laugh 
green hornet is an awesome movie!!!
back at uva
just found out that the math class i failed last semesters grade got changed to a c- !!!!! super yay  laugh 
"finalizing my ra application essays, hope i get it this year  laugh "
"don't you just love it when a professor leaves out a complete concept that's vital to the understanding of the math  playful  teaching myself humanities is ok, but differential equations, nooo  sorry sleep, you're going to have to wait till later "
just finished my ra application essays  laugh  i'm so excited!!!
"i would rather be a failure at something i love than a success at something i hate  \-<propfirst> burns"
another hair cut  laugh  long overdue  let's start this semester off right  laugh 
back at uva!!!
"\what's a bieber?    it kinda looks like a girl   \""   \",fc320e1b5b525b562caf5032c7457674,i just have the feeling that this is going to be a really good day  laugh 
i have a free weekend and don't know what to do with it  let's get some ideas  laugh 
