0b8935c5bc1dc02509ce07979d160543
hoping everything works out and we get to move!  keeping my fingers crossed  smile 
if you are a parent with the greatest kid on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kid the recognition they need! i am proud of my wonderful kid! i thank god for him everyday! i love you xander  smile 
homemade pizza hot pockets for dinner!! yummy  smile 
cant wait to get outta town!! hopefully not to much longer and we can just move  smile 
attempting to make chewy caramel bars lol    hopefully everything goes ok and they come out good!!  surprise )
always thought xander was shy till tonight in the grocery store!!! he embarrassed me sooo bad lol   gotta love all the funny things kids do  smile 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put first entry for your name under comments!!"
so xander decided he was gonna make me breakfast today lol   when i woke up this morning i found him in the living room with tons of kitchen stuff scattered everywhere and him cracking eggs!!! how do kids think of these things?!?
finally all ready to head to vegas!! sooo glad to be getting out of tonopah   hopefully we have tons of fun  smile 
"a true friend doesn't care what you're wearing, if your home is tidy or not, if your car is making funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight   a true friend just likes you for you! repost this if you have at least one true friend   "
"thinks being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect, it means you have decided to see beyond the imperfections and accept the parts you cant change!!  surprise )"
getting ready to dye easter eggs with my little man  surprise )
only xander would get his head stuck in a potty training toilet ring!!! now we have to try and cut it off!!
"loves the way life never seems to go the way you e playful ect, then everything falls into place the way you always dreamed of!!  surprise )"
i looooooooovvvvvveeeee my best friend!!!!!!
finally made it!! woohoo im flippin exhausted lol
taking xander for a bike ride by the river then heading to the park for some fun!!! loving this weather  surprise )
just got xanders hair cut and he looks <propfemale> handsome!!
cant believe i let xanders schedule get so screwed up!! were both dying now trying to get it back to normal lol   dont know how well things will work out once i have two kids to worry about though  surprise )
heading to the beach!!
had a blast at the aquarium!! the seals were <propfemale> cute and xander had tons of fun feeding them  smile 
tempted to jump in the puddles with xander    he makes it look so fun lol!
so mad true blood is on tonight and i dont have hbo!!
glad kyles off for a few days   now we just need to find something fun to do!! cant wait till toy story 3 comes out lol  smile 
wants to go on another cruise!!  smile 
just finished watching toy story 3!! it was super cute and xander loved it  smile 
wow i forgot how e playful ensive baby stuff is!!
doctor appointment went good   we got to hear the heartbeat and xander asked if there was a horse in there with the baby haha!!
thinking im gonna go get a gym membership today   hopefully i can stay motivated to workout lol!!!
relaxing at the park with my little family  eating snow cones  smile 
trying to get everything ready to go camping!!
finally headed to seattle!! woo hoo this weekend is gonna be a blast  smile 
back from the gym  it feels so good to be working out!! maybe gonna go <propfemale> out with some friends  smile  i am loving life!
gonna watch despicable me  hopefully its good because xander has been dying to see it!!
back from the gym! feels good to workout after having a day off   excited for the boat races hopefully i dont die in the heat lol 
is really hoping it rains today!!
"i have a mom who has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fail, cheered me on & kept me strong! my mom is my friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom!! i love my mom!!!!"
only a few more days till the concert! i cant wait to get outta town and have some fun  smile 
lady gaga concert was so much fun!!
don't want your money (that shits ugly) just want your sex  smile 
excited to take xander to the fair tomorrow! hopefully he has a blast  smile 
my poor little guy is sick today! i hate it when he doesnt feel good  sad 
had a really fun night with awesome friends!!!
had fun tonight hanging out with the girls! cant wait to do it again  smile 
had a really fun day!! took xander to the pumpkin patch and he had a blast! now cant wait to carve pumpkins with him soon  smile 
figures i would get sick right before halloween   ugh this sucks  sad 
gonna make lots of halloween goodies with my little man and mom!!!  smile 
thinking i need to get in bed early tonight!! housework all day and trying to keep up with xander  i am exhausted!! goodnight!
gonna take xander out to play in the snow!! he better be nice to me for a change    since i am gonna freeze my butt off lol!
ahh i am so sick of this cold weather!!
think i am just about done with all my christmas shopping!! yay finally lol!  smile 
cant wait to meet my new niece and nephew!! they are so adorable  smile 
off to the dr  to get my nst done    hopefully everything looks ok  i just wish this baby would decide to come already!!!!!
still sitting at the dr  hopefully something happens soon
sucks to be going home with no baby!!  sad 
thank you everyone for all the comments! we are very excited hes finally here  smile 
hoping my lil asher starts feeling better soon!
happy birthday to my lil man xander!! i can't believe he is already 4 years old   where does the time go??!
loves how its xanders bedtime and hes running laps through the house!! i guess i have another long night to look forward too lol 
only one more week until i can start going to the gym again  smile  i cant wait!!!
tried zumba for the first time last night and it was tons of fun!! can't wait for the next class  smile 
yay! we finally got a new car  smile 
cant sleep  sad 
finally got both boys asleep    now if only my nook would hurry up and charge!!
ugh! so irritated!!
only 2 more days!!
bodyflow class tonight  hopefully both the boys will be good in the nursery!! i am keeping my fingers crossed lol 
to celebrate <propfirst>'s day change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other and make sure to tell how long you have been together 
nightmare after christmas concert was awesome!! avenged sevenfold and hollywood undead were amazing!
ashers little giggle is so stinkin cute  smile  i love my boys so much!
apple
have tons of stuff i need to get done today   packing for kids is insane!! i feel like i have to take my whole house lol! i am so excited for our trip though  smile 
monster jam tonight!!!  smile 
guess it's time to start planning a wedding!!
going out to have some fun tonight!!
