1f06f070a24b6f4c9e5b22f593f44ba2
happy bday lil smooth!!! its my sons bday today!!! he turns 4! whoa!!! am i getting old or what?!? daddy loves you <propfirst>!!!
"fn wonderful! lost keys and didnt even drive last night! leave them in a truck and when i look later they are gone! perfect start to a new year! new key   \$125! yes! new year= 1 <propfirst> = 0 however on a positive note! i get to see my son tomorrow and go to the aquarium!!! never been! excited!!! so i think im one up!"
hmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!
"had and awesome weekend!!! things could not have went more perfect!!! but    you know my luck! it ended, literally, once i walked in the door it had to happen! damn bad luck!!!! i swear its just me!!! or is it the 50 mirrors ive broke in my day?"
we will miss you bessel!!! my prayers are with your family!!!
how fn pathetic! that didnt last long!
1 whats that u got there? 2 my lucky rabbits foot  1 where did u get it? 2 from that dead feller over there  1  i dont think that ones workin'
what to do this weekend??? i got scheduled off because i had plans and they fell through so now what? four day weekend with a couple options to do things but idk what to do  none of them sound too much fun!!! got any ideas on places to go for a mini vacation? hell ill prolly work friday and just have a three day  boooooo!
lmao   oooo ya!!! (music playin) pullin up to a stoplight    guy head bobbing to music jammin and just staring    me  wuts up    guy  just head bobbin no reply   guy continues to stare and throws up a duece    still head bobbin   lmao wut a tard!!!
"south padre? um    maaaayyybbe!\been awhile!!!"
south padre? um   yes!!! hell ya i had a blast! a much needed vacation!!! now lets restart this year! ha!
i'm the real article  what u see is what you get!  wink 
"its official  my son is the most coolest, handsomest, smartest kidi know!!! daddy loves you lil smooth!!! had the best morning!!!"
why is it that every bad decision always makes for a good story?
man i love waking up being able to open the door and able to see water!!! wind   please stop tho so i can enjoy the water!!!
here we go! another friends funeral! ugh! rip peanut!
hopped out of bed and turned my swagg on   winners circle(1) customers (0) lmao!
"boo!!! so boring! scoured tub, did laundry, dishes, straightened up,etc  help! someone rescue me!!!"
"idk about u but since my son is getn to be in my life every weekend again im just sittin on top of the world!!! ahhh ahh aaaa ahhh haaa ah ahhh   hehe who needs a hug for the day? already gave two, who else? ha"
he starts pre-k friday? really? o no!!! its official! im old! ha! i cant wait! love it!
well he started school today! my lil bear is growin up! he wouldnt let go of my neck   sad  man that just hit the spot! love you lil smooth! have a grrrrreat day at school!!! daddy loves you! mwah!!!
"lmao!!!!! here u go sam!\waitress: (walking up all happy) omg do u remember me?\sam: what makes this funny! (laughing) noooo i dont! \sam: how do i know you again?\waitress: from so and so(doesnt matter who)\sam: im sorry no  i dont "
h a m  bra brooo!!! if you don't know u need to know!!!
"k? so     hell i just dont know anymore, or did i ever? hell ya i do! im <propfirst> hart!"
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong    copy and paste this to your status  sisters are supposed to be a promise from god that we will have a forever friend! repost if you    have an amazing sister!"
anxious!!!
k so 2 words for ya   fuck it!!!
"who cares if you fall? if you dont, whose to say you ever tried!?!"
"just an innocent question! im curious to see how many different answers there might be!\ what is a \friend\"" to you?"""
happy bday <propfirst>!!! daddy loves you!!! this will be the best am ever  i cant believe u are already! i love you lil smooth!!!
i miss you gerber baby!!! 5 years ago i lost a great friend of mine  still think about you all the time bro!!! keep watching over us bro!!! miss ya!!!
wtf??? i just dont get it!!!
"wow! what a weekend! i needed that! <propmale> out with some old friends, ran into some peeps i went to high school with and partied with sis  man i had a blast!!! thanks everyone!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
k   heres the question of the day! would you rather be invisible or be able to fly? ha
ya know  i wake up every morning lookin death in the mirror  and you know what? he aint half bad!
soooo bored!!! slept all day! go away sickness!!! do it   do it!!! i need some gooood cough syrup!
okie dokie!!!! a nice hot shower! hacked up 10 lbs of nastiness and feeling like i hopped outta bed and got more swagger than <propfirst> z himself! thank god! now lets hope this last longer than an hour! im hungry!!!
nightey night everyone! time fo bed!!!
"ok, being one of the worlds pickiest eaters is about to drive me nuts! im sooooo tired of the norms! burger, chicken, steak, mexican, or chinese? well i pick none! whose got a good idea for a dish?"
"well i have an old red bull can of someones and i guess ill throw it away now! \its been awhile by now!"
im out like a fat kid in dodgeball  went and pulled people out today  damn im out of shape  the snow kicked my a$$! ha  nighty night!
who needs their driveway or sidewalk shoveled? hit me up!
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in     "
ok! ive gotta go to the movies!!! there is two cartoon movies that look cute and funny as hell! gnomeo and <propfemale> and something else with a lizard in it? the lizard one looks <propfemale> freeakn funny! ha
"boooooorrrrreeeeddd!!! idk if u guys have seen traffic yet, a series, you gotta watch it  pretty funny  so ive watched my recorded shows, house and lie to me  and now have nothing to do! wth snow!!! go away!"
"lmao!!! whoa! i seriously have the coolest freakn dog in the world!!! right next to the one that will go to the fridge for ya that is! freakn budweiser dog! anyways, mine wont fetch a beer but he can pee in a toilet! i never even tried to teach him that! how freakn amazing!!! my dog gotti is the $hit!!!"
well on a positive note to all this madness i think i might be able to quit smoking! ha! its too freakn cold outside to smoke or even in my garage with two heaters on! whoa!
in okc 4 the day  wuts up okc??? sushi and volcanos!!! ha
just doesn't seem right!!! celebrating a birthday but yet goin 2 a funeral? boo! u will be missed gpa merl!!! at least u are in a better place now!!!
wow! enids changed!
okie dokie boys and girls  lil get together\\bday party at caravan saturday!!! whose comin   whose coming with me mannn???
"looks like ill never get it finished, so    thank you all for my birthday wishes!!!"
goin bowling! whose coming with us? its the spot! ha
omg! finally! got my own car back  its been outta commision 4 awhile! i missed my standard! feels like i'm n a go kart! ha
south padre    oh how i miss you!!! see you reeeeealll soon!!!!
lmao! the <propfemale> mall is horrible!!!
we bout 2 toast   like pop tarts!!!
any1 live in <propfirst>?
awe!!! s p  i can smell you!!!
