57fb5fe037601c8c7d39735796ebdd58
go ohio!
is excited oh-io kicked oregon's butt!
i'm excited i get to meet my class this wednesday!
is looking at honeymoon places!!
i'm happy that cofc has amazing professors!
wow   exciting life right now   i'm typing astronomy  notes if anyone is interested in why the earth has water    i'm your girl to ask 
bakers    bakers
is looking at possible bakers   mmm cake testings!
"astronomy test this morning, phone calls to baker, and hopefully some pictures tonight"
loves her engagement pictures  smile 
http annoyed  www theknot com ourwedding tiffanievassar&johnkessler
has had the best cake tasting ever      i'm in love 
cake tasting again! + today! = me excited
a c  moore is on my bad side   they will have a <propmale> to make that up tomorrow
people on facebook are to sensitive  facebook is for real women!
i feel like chicken to night    da da da
is cleaning and then off to work   oh the joys of life   
off to meet <propfirst> and <propfemale> for bridesmaid dress and dinner! so excited it's a big lil reunion lol!
"cleaning, making appointments, and work"
why do people post personal information here     this is facebook not sympathy book 
off to work i go  hi ho  hi ho
class- then lab---  home-- study!  exciting don't be to jealous!
not a good night    rained on   couldn't see driving home    dropped my phone in a water puddle   then a car ran over it      and i broke a nail hopefullly tomorrow will be better  sad  especially when i order my new phone   
yay!  order new phone this morning    check on parents cat     then get my wedding gown!!! and have dinner with the in laws and <propfemale>!
need <propfirst>! send them to me in my inbox so i can add them to my new phone
helpin parents take back rental car    clean     and going to meet with chef for the wedding
had a dream about professor snape    wtf  lol
just watched a haunting in conneticut    scary    
"so <propfemale> picked london a man with no job, no home, and sticks for legs     they'll last a long time i'm sure "
cleaning house and spending all day with <propfirst> yay! for thursday!
studying and work       boy i'm lucky 
"studying for final tomorrow, work tonight!"
4 months to go untill the wedding! so excited!
i think i could spend all day just looking at stuff about weddings online   
weddinng  stuff is confusing 
internet o internet why do you distract me 
dress fitting number 3 today!
fitting 4 next friday; however for now at least i have all the bride maid dresses and shoes! that's a start
accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative  don't mess with mr  inbetween!
are you kidding me     please life tell me you are 
is dead tired!
"giving the dogs a bath, dress fitting number 4, and then off to work!"
<propfirst>'s birthday today! work  this afternoon and then meeting family for birthday dinner! yay!
"church, breakfast with dad, halloween 2, then to dinner at california dreaming ! yay for 2 years with <propfirst>!"
oh  5 am  how do i love to see you come every morning  sad  off to school i go in the thunder storm 
may go crazy    it is on the fence
"plt studying woohoo ,    "
"making invitations, then to church, then to meeting the music director, then home for dinner and a scary movie!"
hopefully we'll have new members of the family today! yay! p s   3 months until the wedding!!
"what an amazing day 3 months until my wedding, my future sister in law  had her twins today, and phi mu took in 63 new girls!"
plt tomorrow morning  = me studying all day friday! pray for me!
i have survived
"praxis this morning, lunch at laha!, shopping, then church, then down to writing a paper    so exciting    i live for saturdays"
dirty dancin and road house two of my faves!! rip <propfirst> swayze
just got a pink snuggie!!! oh the joys!!!!!
monday   not off to a good start 
what would you do for a klondike bar?
is having a very productive day    if at first you feel stressed    you must do!
rain rain go away come again another day   
just earned a recognition of excellence on the praxis principals of learning test!!!!! i'm soooo exciteddddddd
needs the weekend 
is tired of rain 
is stressed
is now cpr certified and first aid certified
"work, work, work"
bridal pictures are done! yay! next up wedding shower tomorrow!!!
had a fantastic weekend and loved her bridal shower! many thanks to everyone who came and sent beautiful presents!
i love vampire diaries
lost a section of her classroom management plan    i love doing things twice
happy halloween!
is annoyed with tmobile and their service problems 
is making her study guide for the other praxis test    
will have a praxis study guide by the end of today 
will have an amazing life once this saturday is over!
praxis is over! life can begin!
is excited about her bachlorette party!
made it through her bachlorette party!
6 days until my birthday 11 days until my wedding! yay! so excited love november and december!
5 days until my birthday 10 until my wedding!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!! hope everyone has a yummy day!
decorating the christmas tree with <propfirst> and the puppies and  listening to christmas music! love it!
1 day until my birthday and 6 days until my wedding!
it's my birthday ! yay!  5 days until the wedding!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! 4 days until the wedding!
2 days  until the wedding    so busy i will be living off of coffee today 
getting married tomorrow! lets hope i don't mess up or trip on my train
today i'm getting  married!! yay! today will be an adventure! see many of you soon!
so before we leave for our pre honemoon i thought i'd share  somthing kept getting stuck to my pantyhose under my dress allnight and i would just keep pushing it out of the way  as i got home and fianlly checked i found someones curler stuck with in the 50 layers of the slip     so if anyone is missing her pink roller i have it  lol
has passed the multiple choice praxis test of doom!
why aren't our placements posted online? this is perhaps the worst wait ever 
will be student teaching in a 4th grade class at newington elementary in summerville!
"has passed all 3 sections of the praxis, made all a's which means i have a 4 0 in education classes   forever!, and am married now ! woohoo     now about that teaching job   "
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!  hope <propfemale> visits everyone tonight!
<propfemale> christmas
only a teacher goes to <propfirst>'s fun park and walks away with 89 assorted erasers and feels proud of herself 
getting ready and then lunch with <propfirst>!
i heart singstar 
the <propmale> of note passing still amazes me
wonders why it takes the post office 2 weeks and 3 days to send back a piece of mail    
is excited to see her wedding pictures soon  smile 
seminar today then out and about with <propfirst> 
tomorrow my clinical practice starts! yay!
i want to know who also got into the nonviolent crisis intervention class? so i know if i'll have a <propmale> there 
is watching a marathon of hoarders
hi ho   hi ho    it is off to school i go! have a great day everyone !
"you know your a teacher when: you get class songs stuck in your head \ you take your bottom number to the top and multiply\"""""
officially put in her first set of grades in to the grading book and started her bulletin board on space!
just got a cricut for <propfirst>'s day! i love my <propfemale>!!!!
loved all of her valentines from her kids
faculty follies went amazing! go forth grade!!
i think someone needs to invent a new student desk that has a lid that slides over the front to prevent kids from playing inside of it!
i'm looking forward to the weekend! oh how i appreciate friday's now!
one day this cold will go away        
"is so sick, home from school"
tgif
almost tgif
i think i'm going to go out and look at cars today!
now owns a 2010 300c hemi!
2 days until spring break! woohoo!
grading papers on spring break ! and watching trading spouses
can't believe that spring break is almost over!
hit the <propfirst> pot twice at <propfirst>'s!  go me!
yay just received the 2010 oustanding elementary education undergraduate award from cofc yay!!!
helped birth puppies yesterday!
is wondering how in the world i am going to say goodbye to all of my students tomorrow  sad 
student quote of the day: teacher: what were the northerners called during the civil war? student: yankees teacher: very good now what were the southerners called ( no answer from students)  teacher: remember it starts with an r  student: redneck?
"pretty sure i had the best day ever besides having to say goodbye to my kids  they had a surprise party for me  my teacher got me a <propfemale> <propmale> book bag, my classes all made me about 70 good bye cards , and i got framed pictures of both of my classes with signatures on the back of the frame and messages  i also got hugs from everyone !"
off to picnic and grad rehearsal
received my award today! yay! went to caifornia dreaming for dinner and about to go to a play! busy but great day!
graduation and then dinner!
happy mother's day to everyone but especially to my mom <propfemale> vassar and <propfemale> kessler!
going to pick up the diploma today ! yay!
can i just say i cannot believe that saks is leaving and forever 21 is taking its place     
had a great day at the kids field day today!
shrek 3!
there is something about doing the dishes that excites me    not
going to see my students talent show yay!
enjoying the long weekend with my <propfemale>
2 interviews tomorrow and i am nervous as heck!
is reading the first days of school and loving it! and mr  <propmale> wong! if you don't have it teachers buy it!
just ordered some class supplies     excited!
puppies have their first vet appointment today!
is a new aunt! yay bishop! congrats <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
watching a marathon of trueblood!
woohoo! usa!!!
so    i just pulled a splinter out of my tongue     must say that's the first time that has happened     darn skewer sticks!
took my dog to the vet     thought i felt a lump    vet said    no worries that's just his love handles   
i'm so excited! i can't wait until school starts    and i love school supplies      so exciting!!!!
my puppies are to cute! especially in their outfits!
home from louisiana! had a lot of fun!
has anyone else done themes in their classrooms? i'm thinking about a movie theme but don't know    give me your opinion!
super excited to find 50 cent water bottles!
yay charleston has made it to one of the top tennis towns!
i'm currently watching two 5 lb dogs and one 80 lb dog play tug a war     the 5 lb dogs are winning   
the play was fantastic!
"has successfully not only created a list of all her books and their reading levels, but created labels for the books with this information     feeling pretty spiffy right now!"
"ordered a vocabulary flocabulary book ( super excited), picking up white boards today, and any other things i can get my hands on!"
dear cricut   i love you! cutting out stars! and letters
day one of training down!
i am so thankful for all the blessings in my life!
good morning saturday!
so can't wait until tomorrow      staples has 25 cent sissors and 1dollar multipurpose paper    is it sad this excites me?
"just to let teachers know if you have a staples teacher card you can get 20 packs  of paper for 5 cents each! also at home depot there are 5 cent pencil sharpeners, 25cent sissors, and 25 cent poly binders"
first official day tomorrow!
first day with kids tomorrow!
what an amazing day my students were absolutely terrific!  onward to day 2!
watching the panthers game and making smartboards
i'm loving it!
i now know the true meaning of friday!
so just seen the last exorcism    i must say i've never been in a theater where when the movie ended people actually snickered and made comments      on a scale of 1-10 this movie gets a 2!
just got the new samsung dual view! i love it!
back to school after an amazing weekend  smile 
go ohio!
<propfemale>'s got talent tonight oooo
happy thursday!
would like to know why the post and courier has decided to post how terribile teachers are in charleston 
is a gleek!
finally home! yay cupcake time!
hallmark ornament  time!
just watched beauty and the beast blu <propfirst> style! love it!
back to school for a happy monday  smile 
i am excited about paranormal activity!  yay friday!
teacher work day and then paranormal activity ! yay friday
go lsu!
my husband makes up rules to phase 10     i was cheated out of my victory     
what a storm we are having hope someone's got a boat just in case!
helloooooooooooo friday!
pizza and scary movies with  my <propfemale>     i see a great night a head!
i love judge <propfemale>    so <propfirst>
had a great day at the fair : )
"can't wait for all the things coming up! thanksgiving,my  birthday, wedding anniversary, father in laws birthday, sisters birthday, and christmas!"
happy veterans day
mmm carrabbas for lunch!
creating smartboards     oh the joys  
yay! holiday market this friday!
"dinner at <propfirst>'s  wink  , early anniversary presents, and u draw pictionary       great day "
oh i just can't wait to      have thanksgivingggggggggggg
happy thanksgiving  smile 
<propfemale>'s are a girl's best friend      a grill is a man's best friend
love's the birthday wishes! thank you everyone!
this week has flown by!
<propmale> & <propmale> = funny
1 year anniversary ! i can't believe it has gone by so quickly : )
happy christmas break!  let the holidays roll in!
i never ever ever ever want to get a filling again  sad 
fa lalalalaal christmas is almost here! 2 days !!!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> only 1 more day until <propfemale> comes !
"dear husband, hurry up and get home from work i am bored    "
outback was blah tonight!
"dear weekend, you are amazing : )"
reading breaking <propfemale>
woohoo no school !  back to breaking <propfemale>
these school delays are throwing off my schedule
woohoo new furniture coming on thursday woohoo!
i do not think i can handle the emotion that goes with having dogs and new furniture 
shed has a floor tomorrow the walls!
gennaros = amazing!  now time for a 3 d movie! i love fridays
been up since 4 smile 0 am busy day a head!
can i just mention that i heard on the news that in some states they were thinking of  were already charging 10 cents per plastic bag at the grocery store!! whatttt!
long day but a great one! hope i don't lose my eaglette status after my blooper !!!!
happy friday everyone!!
dear husband please hurry up and get home so i am not bored!
is going to enjoy the weekend and be extremely lazy    
<propfemale> and <propfemale> is cuttest movie ever : )
time to work on some smartbords       yay    
super bowl time!
go fergie go fergie!
i love judge <propfemale>   
tgif!
smartboards on a saturday night    i'm wild    what can i say
had an amazing <propfirst>'s day !
had a much needed happy hour and then went out to dinner with hubby and now time to bed    sounds like a great end to my friday ; )
read across <propfemale> tomorrow!!!
is thanking her lucky stars for everyone and everything : )
cleaning the garage    woohoo    not
woohoo good morning sunday!
just rocked out at rock band i'm pretty sure my fall back career is guitar!!! haha
