f3ef5dd8a2bdb1726d4bbea01ee1e8f4
saints won        they are finally going to ths supeo bowl!!!!!!  yeah!!
brand new day!!!   be happy enjoy life!!!
"first day of spring!!!!  happy spring everyone!!!  whooo-hooo, now if the weather will just cooperate!  smile "
"happy, happy and blessed easter to all     love and hugs <propfemale> and <propfirst>"
happy tuesday everyone!!!
i'm back from my trip   had fun but its a long drive     glad to be home    happy sunday everyone!!!
happy friday everyone!!!   have a great weekend 
have a happy mothers day everyone!!!!   <propfemale> was the first to tell me happy moms day this year!!  she sent a text message just after midnight!!
hope everyone is having a happy monday!!  the weather here in farmland is wet and dreary    but life is good!!!
you know i must be bored!!!  i'm taking a bunch of silly quizzes!!!!
"it's a great week, i have two of my grand babies here for a couple of weeks!!!!  happy happy!!!!"
"taking the grandkids back about 2am its a 12-14 hr  trip, wish me luck! i'm sad , sure gonna miss them    again!!!"
"finally home   i enjoyed the trip and visiting family and friends, but i'm ready for some down time at home!!  happy thursday every one!"
"today is a good day!!  going out to cut grass now   should clean house        outside is better, clean later   or not "
today is a great day  going to pick up my eldest grandson and have good  friends visiting from louisiana  happy tuesday every one!!!
happy wednesday!!!  today is a good day   the only way for it to get beter is if all 3 grand kids were here!!!
"sad sad  had to give back grandson today!!!  back home   going to a funeral in eastern kentucky tomorrow, my daughter-in-laws uncle  her grandmother is so sweet, hate she has to deal with this   <propmale> 29:11"
back from my travels  hope i can stay home a while!!! happy middle of the week!!
"wednesday   not a bad day   rode with <propfirst> to the southern part of the state, while he was doing census stuff   talk to 2 of my granchildren!! smile "
"its tuesday, not a great weekend, scotts dog brewtus followed me up to the road, got away from me and got hit by a car    died before i could get him in the truck and to the vet       sad, sad,cry   the car didn't even slow down much less stop!!!!!   we'll get past it  in time "
"back home again my friend <propfemale> and i had a fun time in tennessee, just did girl stuff   shopping, eating going to shows, eating, shopping!!!!  glad to be back home!!"
"i detest jeremys new profile pic!!!!  now that that is off my chest    today was a very good day, absolutely beautiful weather "
"today is beautiful outside!!!  not helping me to motivate myself to do laundry and clean bathrooms   oh well, we still have a few clean clothes and the bathrooms will have to wait!!!!  i'm going out to the barn and work in the yard!!!!  happy tuesday  to all!!!"
"i am not strange,            i am practicing to be an eccentric old woman!"
"remember that everyday may be the last, so treat your enemies like friends, your friends like family, and your family like you will never see them again!"
<propfemale> jones!!!!  if you see this send me a friend request i can't find you!!!  aunt <propfemale>
"in branson,missouri  having a pleasant day!"
"we're back!!!!  had a great trip, but am definitely glad to be back home!!!"
"happy veterans day to my most favorite veterans  <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propfirst> , and <propfirst> jones love ya'll and very proud of each of you!!!"
to all our veterans thank you!!!!
sweet dreams   sleep tight   god loves you   good night
good to have my <propfemale> back home!!!
"if it makes you smile, giggle or laugh   do it again  "
"hope everyone had a great day, we did and are very grateful for our wonderful family members and friends   happy thanksgiving to all!!"
its my brother dj's birthday today!!! hope he has a great one!!!  62 don't know how that happened so fast!  lol
"today makes 35 years my great husband and i have been married!!!!  hopefully we will have many, many more years together!  love ya lots <propfirst>!"
"may the christmas season\fill your home with joy\your heart with love\and your life with laughter "
the best of all gifts around any christmas tree:  the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other   ~burton hillis
"christmas with all my kids and grandkids this year!!!!   enjoyed family christmas at my husbands mothers tonight, we have some great neices and nephews as well as brothers, sisters and the wonderful cousins also "
"leaving for arkansas in a couple hours, can't wait to see my grandkids this week "
"to all my family and friends:  thanks you all for the birthday wishes i had a very good day,  to all of you:  i wish you a very blessed and <propfemale> christmas!!  hope <propfemale> was good to all!!!"
remembering wtj he would have been  54 today  4years and 4 days between us   still love and miss you!!!
"my doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity, i replied, no, we all seem to enjoy it "
when you're lonely i wish you lovewhen you're down i wish you joywhen you're troubled i wish you peacewhen things seem empty i wish youhope  have a happynewyear
when was the last time you just called your parents or your brother or sister just to tell them you love them don't let it be to  late to do that 
"i'm going nite-nite world, hope to see again tomorrow!  love and hugs to all!"
happt valentines day everyone!!!!  <propfemale> glad to be back home!  miss my babies though 
feels like vannah white when i walk through my kitchen shutting all the cabinet doors that other people left open  except i don't smile 
happy birthday <propfemale>!
