6ed39e10324ce6ce6c8e433dcf221770
happy new year!
omg yola is back on facebook!
"mass, mass, mass apologies to everyone for not jumping back on facebook as soon as my computer was fixed a few months ago  (thanks huss!) please give me a few days of lurking before i start communicating with individuals "
just got axed   sad 
is thinking of volunteering for paid medical e playful eriments for cash  no--wait--bad idea  if i did that i would be ineligible for unemployment assistance right? plus guinea pigging has health risks 
maybe i should sell my  kidney like that israeli guy 
"is wondering why there are so many fan <propfemale>s for chocolate  all facebook needs is six--one english, one spanish, one another language, one bilingual, one with great recipes, and one that brings up environmental-labor issues  no need to make up another chocolate fan <propfemale> people!"
is frustrated by myspace and photobucket 
is lurking on your <propfemale>  yes your <propfemale> 
is still drained from spending yesterday with her mother    playful 
"took a bath yesterday  she soaked in coconut milk, neroli oil, and rosepetals  plus she threw in a \teabag\"" of herbes de provence and cinnamon sticks """
this is an open invitation for everyone to continue the saga of campus robot 
"is wondering what this fancheck fuss is all about, so she's doing the app to satisfy her curiosity "
"just changed her profile photo  for those of you who haven't seen me since high school, this is the reality check  i've porked out!"
posted in a public forum and accidently used her real name  my cover is blown 
got herself a flowbee and gave herself a vacuum haircut   wink  pictures soon!
"misses eating shrimp chips  specifically the ones that are translucent \raw\"" that you fry up fresh at home """
is looking for a better personality app 
is getting crafty! made a soap ball today 
the brain is not working now  time for facebook fluff!
back from computer class!
saw a corpse today     
"got creeped out again  (is this a trend? i hope not ) i was standing on the corner of 33rd and park, looking at my notes for errands to do, when somebody got my attention  i looked up and found some guy breathing on my neck saying \your body is going to burn in hell \"""""
"is trying to figure out the difference between live feed, news feed, and chicken feed "
"can't get the mayor bloomberg sound bite \do we want to go back to <i>that< i>\"" out of her head whenever she thinks about her past earnings (retail cashier) and compares it with different job ads (hotel desk clerk) """
back from the bowery poetry club!
is not happy about all of the skin problems she's been having lately 
is not sure why a couple of her fb boxes are not displaying content 
wants you to turn up the bass 
they're filming rescue me on 3rd avenue between 27th and 28th streets right now  that's less than two blocks from my apartment!
my horoscope for november 16-18: <propfemale> in 7th house; mars conjunct jupiter (!!!)   not sure if that means jupiter aligns with mars   smile 
needs to remind herself to stay away from negative people 
"is using a temporary keyboard  (thanks, <propfemale> )"
is forever on the edge of 17 
has a f*cking court hearing next week 
quote: jc--jagermeister is my close friend tonight; tc is waiting for happy hour  you people are <propmale> lushes!
back from the sting concert!  laugh 
got sting's autographs  again   smile 
"is sipping mugwort tea  i think it's supposed to make you \see\"" things """
snow is fun only if you are little kid 
happiness is warm feet 
got new glasses!
just came back from the mid-manhattan library with two books 
is pondering how two of her relatives are doing <propmale> home rennovation work for their father's houses over the holidays  hi <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
not a bad day in online dating land so far 
off to apartment sit and watch glee now!
started a note and saved it on the draft mode   now she can't find it 
is thinking of blocking a couple of fellows on okcupid  rude chat behavior 
overcooked the noodles for a simple peanut noodle dish  blech!  playful 
colored my gray hairs today 
is noticing comments about french fries and cheese  somebody's hungry!
"another day, another job application "
aspargus and pasta in goat cheese sauce tonight 
accidentally melted a plastic bowl yesterday 
pot pie tonight 
crafted a soap ball for myself 
i got a dental overlay on one of my lower left molars done today  it had to be done because i had fractured a filling 
ribollita tonight 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
i've been away on another site   facebook looks a lot different  i guess i have to wander around and reorient myself 
is going to a singles party this coming saturday  should i be a good girl or should i get drunk and laid?
just got <propfemale> montana shoes  for herself 
met a lot of friendly people at the nyc okcupid get together last night 
burnt chicken and dumplings tonight 
a few of my friends here are coming down with colds flu  feel better everyone!
fish chowder tonight  the ez semi-homemade type version 
"needs to reset her biological clock instead of sleeping in  i need to get back to an \early to bed: early to rise\"" habit"""
is back in the big apple 
wishes both her friend <propfemale> and her cousin <propfirst> the most wonderful birthdays!
has gone retro  i bought bumpits hair volumizing inserts so i can give myself a bouffant hairdo 
wind wrecked my umbrella today    sad 
got a good deal on hard cider     wink 
can't believe she spent the past half hour watching ishtar 
is there any diplomatic way to tell somebody that i would be more physically attracted to them if they went to a doctor and fixed a cosmetic flaw?
"is curious as to whether a certain doosh bag will show up at tonight's singles party  i'm not his victim, but he has earned a skeezy rep in the local online dating community "
doosh bag never showed up  we all had a great time befriending each other at the singles get together 
"went on a date on sunday  unfortunately, he didn't have the x factor "
visited the new york public library (the famous one with the big lions) today  i went to look at the new york waterways exhibit 
applied for a job at the hiv center today 
finger food! homemade mcnuggets and roasted asparagus 
homemade mcnuggets and garden salad 
is tip-toeing through the tulips 
morrocan lamb tagine stew 
correcting earlier post: black dude wants to go beyond communicating via okcupid  he gave me his cell phone number and email address  (not the reverse )
peach blossoms 
"i was listening to the smiths, when i picked up on of my writing books  it opened to a chapter called \hand in glove\"" """
balsamic chicken strawberry salad 
i'm a census worker now!
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can    raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
got fingerprinted by a fed 
attended open mic comedy in williamsburg  not impressed 
got fingerprinted again  it took them two hours!
"just got insulted by a troll on okcupid  he called me an \ugly broad\"" """
just got messaged by a polyamorous couple on okcupid  hmmn     
i had my first spam musubi!
had a vietnamese raw egg soda yesterday 
today was my first day of doing actual enumerating work for the census 
today was my first day of enumerating for the census sans partner 
dropped the year she was born on her profile for security reasons 
"\finished\"" her binder early and has no paid work to do    playful """
is wondering what goes with <propfemale> red 
@<propfemale> family: has any of us researched the family tree?
a census enumerator stopped by my apartment while i was out enumerating  *sigh *
got interviewed by the census enumerator who was assigned my apartment 
wonders why the h*ll she can't just sign up for the training workshops at the brooklyn career center if the dates and times are on the schedule 
is exhausted from her memorial day shopping spree 
had a dental procedure done today 
is wondering why she had to blow up the new facebook privacy notice to 150% in order to read it 
had her call dropped three times and was put on hold for 30 minutes and 15 seconds by fr**king hsbc 
i got friend requested by somebody wbo goes by the name of alvonso <propmale> <propmale>  i have no idea who he is  does anybody?
is there a spanish to english translator app on facebook?
needs to be more vigilant about the hours she works so that her net pay is more than her weekly unemployment allowance 
attended a finding your career path workshop this morning 
wishes she had a portable email device 
was lectured by a woman with no nose 
busy enumerating today 
i not sleepy!
is debating whether she should go to figment tommorrow 
work is frustrating  aaaaargh!
"feels lonely after the \company\"" picnic """
just paid her bills and is broke!
is having computer issues again 
can use her computer mouse again! all systems go!
back from the <propfemale> orton concert!
finds it odd that some random comment she made on a meetup group <propfemale> got lifted onto the facebook <propmale> <propfemale> <propfemale> 
is having problems with her personal computer again 
is wondering if she should initate a wink short message with this guy she had two dates with or just move on
needs a new laptop 
thanks for the birthday salutations!
just got friend requested by a guy by the name of <propfirst> rhodes  i don't recognize the name or the face  does anybody know who he is?
i'm back!
volunteered to be in her friend's rom-com short 
"saw a comedy show, ate at a veggie restaurant, and went impromptu bar hopping last night with friends "
saw a one woman performance of the monkey <propmale> this afternoon 
"went out to watch a korean rockumentary, turn it up to 11 last night "
may be coming down with something 
is in class right now and bored     
busted her laptop keyboard 
is tempted to buy a 2 day weekend friar's club film festival pass 
bought textured vegetable protein  tastes like crap  how do i make it palatable?
went on a date yesterday  he was very repulsive    playful 
attended a networking workshop and was surprised to find someone she knew there 
"do any of us really know everybody on our f b  friends list? here's a task\for you   i want all my f b  friends to comment on this status about \how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do \the same to you  you will be amazed at the results you get"
"is debating whether on wednesday, october 20 she should skip her upcoming ms office class and attend her mythology meetup club's lecture and discussion "
hey! i have an open note that y'all need to look at!
my ms office course was abruptly cancelled 
has officially entered the world of acting for the screen 
is wondering what are your favorite internet radio stations 
will have more screen time in her friend's short because a <propmale> character was written out 
is flubbing her lines     playful 
just received a private message from somebody named <propfirst> march 
is fiddling with her privacy settings 
went on a date with a hot bassist 
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb  it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info, invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept; it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her then you get the virus too! please copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes  please pass it on!!! thanks!!"
is trying to avoid booty calls     
is noticing a few friend requests today  how curious!    smile 
brrr! it's cold outside 
sewage coming out of my shower pipes this morning  f*cking gross!
"copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone, who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then do still copy this  it's important to spread the message  and the hearts! ?????? for    f**** sake, don't forget the hearts! ??????"
today was my last day of acting in my friends's short  post-production is now in his hands 
is following the news from assange to zuckerberg 
is wondering what to make of a blackface halloween costume she saw in a corporate blog 
walked past a bus abandoned in the snow at park avenue and 32nd street today 
has no idea what to wear tonight 
commited multiple sins on new year's 
is wondering if there any interesting places to visit between williamsburg and bed-stuy 
"hacker warning! there is a new way to hack your facebook  a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look out!! plz repost this to your status to    let your facebook family know"
is sending her laptop away for repairs 
i'm back!    smile 
has a rash     sad 
bedbugs!
"so let me get this straight    <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone  yet, the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the \institution of marriage\""? really?! re-post to your <propfemale> if you support equal rights for all!"""
back from visiting my uncle in the hospital 
is debating whether i should hit the borders fire sale 
"while on facebook, look at your url address  if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account|account settings|account security and click change  check at least the first setting, otherwise fb defaults to the non-secure setting  copy and repost "
is back from north <propfemale> 
happy saint <propfirst>'s day to my <propfemale> and celtic friends!    smile 
needs a suggestion for a good stalker app 
is eating pigs feet 
spent time with my cousin and her two children today    smile 
