e95090f32a166bdf3b35c3b9d1da18a3
"omg  i walk in the front door and my brother is holding the most adorable kitten ever and says \it's for you\"""""
"one bad thing about going to camp for a week: when you get back home, you are so bored "
why are random people adding me? im confused  laugh 
seriously?! the cat peed on my frikin hat
off to play <propfirst> kart on the wii !  laugh 
interesting fact: your foot is the same length as your fore arm  if you don't believe it take off your shoe and place the toe on your inner wrist and the heel will be at your elbow!!!!
everyone! leave a comment on this picture if you are friends with <propfemale>! http annoyed  www facebook com photo php?pid=1878392&id=717802269&ref=mf
"people i don't even know are adding me! i wake up and check my email, 8 new friend requests on facebook "
"lol  i come to log in, and the first time didn't work  i put \yahpoo\"" instead of \""yahoo\"""""
"i feel so evil when i have to spray my kitten with water  he's killing my stuff, but it feels like i'm shooting him with a gun or something  laugh "
gotta go  its hard to resist csi new york on a flat screen tv! im such a bragger  im sorry  laugh 
my hair is so damaged in some spots its not even curly anymore! omg im so sad now  sad 
hmmm    im tired  smile  i'll be back tomorrow  laugh 
watching mission impossible 3  it came on after minority report  what's with tnt and <propmale> cruise movies?
back from awanita! it was awesome  smile 
bored  but i've got news   as soon as my dad sells our condo at the beach i get braces! does that really sound like a fair trade? lol
"lol, i go to church today and my sisters old friend is there with a baby, so we go to her baby shower and my sister is there and i didn't even know she was in town!"
back from <propfemale>'s sleepover  totally awesome  smile 
"ugh    i hate when you eat something spicy and you realize there is nothing to drink around you! it's a terrible, terrible feeling lol"
weather channel said there will be thunderstorms all week! is it just me or does it seem like the majority of the summer has been like that?
"this happens every year! when you get out of school you are glad to have a break, then when you run out of stuff to do, you can't wait for school would start again  after a while in school, you can't wait for summer to start  it's a very vicious cycle "
straightening hair  i haven't done that since school let out! lol
i had the weirdest dream last night!
"rain, rain, go away come again another day!"
"got a friend coming over  the weather is kind of lame, but oh well   smile "
i learned something today! i have a slight germ phobia when it comes to people being in my room  d:
not feeling so great 
omg! it's about to storm! i just wanted to say that in case the power goes out   smile 
"for the record <propfemale>, i am not always on facebook!  smile "
subway! eat fresh  smile 
getting off fb but i will probably be back on in an hour or so  that's what i love about summer  i don't have to worry about when i go to sleep because there is no school!  laugh 
i am so annoyed right now  half of our ps2 games are missing because no one cares about the ps2 anymore except me  laugh 
"had an awesome day yesterday, but now im feeling the consequences of it  im sooooo tired d:"
im confused! the schedules are all weird!  laugh 
"my schedule is complicated  math,s s ,tech,spanish,p e ,science, language arts,writing  i have math s s  and science the whole week, spanish and language arts 2 days of the week,p e  and writing 3 days of the week  this is way too complicated for a middle schooler! lol"
tomorrow is the first day of school! who is excited? not me  smile 
first day of school was pretty dang good! i don't like riding the bus though 
ok people! do you think i should straighten my hair tomorrow or keep it curly?
"so mad right now! we were supposed to get lockers today, but no! now everyone has lockers except 7b and they are going to mix up our homerooms! how lame is that lol?"
ugh  annoyed  i have a terrible cough  laugh  my mom might make me stay home and not go to the dance because i might be sick 
"my mom met someone at cvs that had an 8th grader at grovetown and she said that there are like 30 people in the 8th grade out because they are sick d: that's not good  laugh  columbia county is about to get hit by \swine flu\"" that may be the only thing my parents were right about lol"""
i hate it when your siblings know what you are getting for your birthday and make you want to know   lol
going to see district 9
"district 9 could've been better, but i think it was pretty good lol  it was actually kind of funny, and the audience we were stuck with laughed whenever they blasted someone they didn't like to bits  laugh "
my internet isn't working very well   
"oh my gosh, im glad i didnt go to so school today  it's really amazing, how often i forget about picture day,even when they practically yell when it it's going to be on the announcements and send home giant fliers about it that won't fit in your binder right "
i hate waking up early  sad  how does everyone else deal with it lol?!
my brother is being a computer hog d:
"what?! my mom took my phone because i wanted to log off facebook real quick so my brother could do a project or something  i dont see why he even needs my computer, when he has his own  im  so confused d:"
its friday!! i love friday!  laugh 
"finally! im going to get a new ipod  my ipod nano is the second generation, like 3 years old  for an ipod, its old "
ugh! i have to do a big homework assignment because i forgot about it over the weekend !
oh no   i have like 3 tests today
about to update my profile picture  smile 
ahhh i have homework
omg  homework and hiccups now  this is terrible  annoyed 
omg  more homework  this is terrible  d:
"what in the world!?! i have work in the math book to do, science worksheet, social studies worksheet "
oh gosh   i totally forgot about that homework even though it was listed on my status  its so late for that d:
"oh yea  smile  who likes the new profile pic? it was taken at like 7 in the morning, inside, and i had sunglasses on !  laugh "
i gotta go do my homework and go to sleep  can't wait till the weekend!!!  smile 
im gonna play the wii and catch up on some reading i gotta do for rc  woohoo  laugh 
i dropped my food and it spilled all over the floor  laugh 
oompa loompa dupity doo or however the song goes  laugh 
omg omg jordyn really is coming back!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"ohhhh emmmmm geeeeeee! i thought my ipod was done for, but it lives  laugh "
ipod touch!! i have one  smile 
"you are so full of crap, your eyes are brown  laugh "
oh shizznit!!! shinedown is coming to the <propfirst> brown arena on october 19th  i am so going  laugh 
"if any of the people on my friends list ever have kids, dont name them <propfirst>  they will grow up to be losers that mess with people for no reason > frowny "
it smells like a candle lol <propfemale>
im mad  how many of my buddies think i should move to pod a?
going to red wing rollar ways later  smile 
i wannnnttttt tooo gooooo baacckkkkk toooooo sleeeeeepppp  smile 
i cant believe i got in trouble twice today d:
d: theres a gigantorus storm headed our way! everyone run and scream  smile 
omg  so much homework d: i've got at least one thing for every dang class!
"hey, does anyone know the login in stuff for the online science book??  sad "
"i was making the perfect sandwhich    and i was starving  it was big, beautiful, and smelled awesome  i turn around for two seconds to wash a tomato, and when i go to finish the masterpiece, the cat is eating it "
can't wait for the weekend to start  i dont have anything to do though   anyone wanna go bowling or something? lol
"i was gonna make some hot chocolate, but there was no milk  im too spoiled to make it with water   lol  playful "
"i love how everyone gets on facebook in the morning   smile  it's hat day, friday, and first friday   laugh "
it's poll time!   lol  do you think my hair is better curly or straight? (j c and d c you can't answer since you don't know what i look like with curly hair now  =p )
"wow, who would've guessed that a full grown <propmale> shepherd could fit through a pet flap designed for teeny <propfemale> kitties  smile "
i'm supposed to be doing homework   but instead i might go to the mall  lol
"i just set a new record! i got on the computer at 5 o'clock pm today, and i haven't been on since thursday night   im addicted   smile "
"reading the westing game, i cant wait any longer to find out what happens!!!"
omg! the westing game was awesome!!! lolz
making some coffee   im so tired! <propfemale> <propfemale> schmidt i wish it were friday too!!
ohhhemmmmgeee report cards are tomorrow! who else in pod b is scared of what they might see?! you know pod b is full of dummies lol
"i got a c, 3 b's and a 4 a's  not too bad  smile "
going to the mall at 7 pm  smile 
lesson of the day: don't go outside in shorts and a tank top when it's raining and 55 degrees outside   smile 
just got back from the park with the dog  she loves it  smile 
guess what? im going to see 2012 today  are you jealous?  smile 
i  love  brownies  smile 
it seems like everyone got an ipod touch or a laptop    lol
does anyone know how to clean sperrys? :[
"why is it that the cook brothers are like, always online? lol   "
really bored   anybody doing anything tonight ?
"fireworks , heck yeahh"
happy new years !
"well , new year resolutions are great and all , but i think if you wanna make a change in your life you should be able to do that any time of the year  "
i should probably clean my room    
delay  smile 
yall so nosyyyyy <propfemale> <propfemale> schmidt and <propfemale> hampton  lol
omg d: my brothers came in my room  annoyed 
<propfemale> <propfemale> schmidt  it went down the wrong pipe!! lol  smile 
ok now im mad   sad 
subway and <propmale> world  smile 
"that fight was crazzzzyyy! also, on the internet for the first time in 2 weeks"
"hey you left your moldy eggroll in my car, i want you to come and get it lol"
"ha urban dictionary vaguebooking - an intentionally vague facebook status update, that prompts friends to ask what's going on, or is possibly a cry for help  example: <propfirst> is: \wondering if it is all worth it\"" <propfirst> is: \""thinking that was a bad idea\"""""
saints!!!! cuz that's how the south rolls   laugh 
"just got back from tally florida  it finally snows in <propfemale>, and i missed it  theres still some left over though  smile "
"<propfirst> knows how to shake \hands\"" now   smile """
<propfemale> <propfemale> schmidt - my cheeks are still red  sooo not cool lol
"3 months from today, it will be the last day of school  laugh "
"today was great until the very end  got a 40 on a spanish test, got a detention, and it was hot and crowded on the bus "
woosh  smile 
finally!! i have the house to my self  smile 
mrs  <propmale> put me in a group with <propmale>  > sad 
he's sweet as <propfemale> and cute as a bunny   lol <propfemale> you know what im talking bout
im hiding  surprise 
ooh  washing machine is out  dang it > surprise 
ha lol   i have a 123 friends  wait who deleted me?? > sad 
"ohhh man  surprise  there was like, something that was really important that i needed to do or something and now i have no idea what it was "
i'm back! <propfirst> cook- that hot chocolate was pretty darn good !  playful 
reading  texting  listening to music  ahhhh  smile 
finished the book  going to sleep and listening to music  smile 
"so come on, get higher, loosen my lips, faith and <propfemale> in the swing of your hips, just pull me down hard, and drown me in love!  smile "
"made deviled eggs, turned out ok  could've been way better if i didnt have brothers  > sad "
im bored  anyone wanna do something lol?
i wish it was summer already > sad 
back to the future  smile 
just watched 'back to the future'  <propfirst> cook are you happy now? lol 
ahhh  sad  one of my teeth hurtsssss       not cool
i saw a <propfirst> cook look-a-like at mcdonalds   smile 
sleep? idk  i want to go to sleep but i dont at the same time 
i decided ! im going to sleep  if you're bored text me since im probably gonna end up staying up for a while watching tv anyway  706-832-2639
gotta straighten my hairrrrrr and then go to schooooollll and do tonnnsss of make up work  ughhhhhhhh
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! im about to go insane with all this work > sad 
found a laser pointer tomorrow will be fun  smile 
ugh i hate it when i think of a name or see it on facebook and i absolutely cant remember who it is   
"quotes of the day: \yeah! do you feel it?\"" \""he will arrive in 3-7 business days with his supplies \"" \""oh what just dropped? no it's just my calculator let me get it \"" \""what can she do about it? she has no evidence \"" i had pixie stick in my powerade   smile """
"5 paragraph persuasive essay that was due forever ago, science bookelet with 50 questions and pictures that need to be drawn and colored, a couple of tests tomorrow  my brain isn't ready for this much stuff yet!  surprise  necesito descansar!! ugh "
"do you feel it? it's like a line graph, going up and up and up  lol [pixie stick in my powerade]"
doesn't like her brother 
probably going to dye my hair this weekend  darker brown or lighter brown?
watching the hurt locker on my ipod  smile 
modern family is my 2nd favorite show now   smile 
just cuz you are dating someone older than you doesnt make you better than the rest of us or prettier or whateverrrr   i wasnt even trying to make you mad and then you get out your lil attitude   you know who you are lil girl 
put da poison in yo mouf and use it fo protection  lol  smile 
the lunch lady got some dang food juice on my brand new shoes  brand new 
"i'm feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my shine, i'm loving cloud nine, my head's in the sky   smile "
report cards!  smile  i'm proud of myself lol 
i dont think im going to the dance 
what color should i paint my room? it's a baby blue right now  i'm thinking a light purple  smile 
new boyz  luv em  smile 
cadbury egg  smile 
"if everyone started using solar powered stuff, what would we do if it was cloudy?"
<propmale> dunham on comedy central  smile 
at home   smile 
you son of a biscuit eating bulldog! lol 
i have no idea what to do with my room! so many choices  smile 
getting haircut tomorrow? hopefully   smile 
"a good friend will visit you in jail, a great friend will help you get out, and a best friend is the reason you are there "
got so much make up work!!
tgif!  smile 
hot tub  smile 
i  love  a comfy blanket and a good tv show  smile 
got a haircut  smile  i'll get some pics laterrr
lovin my hair  smile  planting some plants and stuff in the ground tomorrow! [flowerss]
i don't want to go to school tomorrow but i want spring break to come already but then i don't want to have spring break because when it ends there is crct but i want summer and we can't have summer if we don't take the crct    and so on  smile 
jealoussss   i want a schedule change  surprise 
"sb is here! everyone is going somewhere  surprise  my 'rents don't want to go anywhere  so i'm stuck here, with the masters and tiger woods "
"lol, new profile pic  [those are 3d glasses from clash of the titans  my dad stole them ( smile "
riding the dirtbikes  smile 
"ohh shoot  i don't feel good > sad  on easter, no less "
i totallllyyy killed my ipod > sad  it hit the door and now there are 8 cracks in it 
*delete* !
going to the movies later with my bestie  smile 
crawling in the ceiling? that's cool  smile 
blehh   smile  did you know that the guy who did ghost's voice was the same one that did gaz's voice ? i didnt 
<propmale> you started it !
crct starting on thursday  sad 
i'm boredddd  i don't want to ride the dirtbike  the fish won't bite  not warm enough to swim  too late to go do something with friendsssss   but i don't want to go to school tomorrow because of the math crct    i'm gonna have that extra math class i know it ! whateverr  smile  less useless connection classes 
who plays paintball ?
i had cheez-its in the crct  smile  shhhhhh
"lol ! 4 20 is national you-know-what day and 4 21 is national drug test day  [i just think that's funny, i don't do that shiz  smile ]"
"oh  alright, delete me because i voiced my opinion about you talking about someone else you don't even know  that's not cool  you got a problem, you say it to my face  ok? seems simple enough  and by the way, cussing doesn't make you all cool and stuff    it's just kind of weird  i quit, you should too "
"straightened then curled, just straight, or curly? [hair tomorrow?] also, everyone wear purple tomorrow  it's the color of the day  smile "
was watching avatar on dvd but i'm not the kind of person that can watch a movie twice 
school was ehh today 
 playful 
it bothers me that i didn't get invited to awards night for the 2nd year in a row  they must think i'm stupid or something !
cant wait to get away from all these teacherrs 
watching glee on my ipod  smile 
"ok   i was watching glee, and they kept playing 'single laides' then i turned on the radio and guess what song was on? im like a psychic  smile "
"i made a fan <propfemale>    \the mousse that keeps coming out of the can annoys me\"" it's mine   smile  join if you agree lol """
school is almost over    it feels so strange 
forgot to get razal's signature in my yearbook  ----> insider   no one can figure it out  smile 
last day of school  smile  fun stuff 
killstreak of 26!!!!!!! and i didnt have the nuke chosen  ugh  (mw2)
sylvania <propfemale> is hot! i dont like it  surprise 
i don't get how some people think that things will change when they do the same things over and over 
this is pretty messed up   
vanilla twilight - owl city  smile 
i slept so long this morning that i'm tired !
just watched fight club  smile 
why is ecerything funnier when youre tired? haa  smile 
animal commercials  sad 
thunderr  wink 
it makes bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles        ;p
"packing for a week at camp, then when i get back i have a night to do laundry and then go to the beach with the bestie  smile "
"finally back!  laugh  now i do laundry, eat pizza and cake for my bros bday, and go to the beach for a week !! awesomeness  smile "
my nose is sunburned  annoyed 
lazy afternoon with a killer sunburn on my back
i touched the crabs lol  smile 
best 2 weeks ever  smile 
school bus one ! lol  smile 
tiring but worth it  smile 
naps always confuse me  i woke up a lil while ago thinking it was 8 in the morning lol 
you just knelbowed my ee   smile 
facebook is acting weird right now  indecision 
watching scooby doo  wink 
possibly going to go to redeemer next sunday??
cool beans   smile 
hoping it doesn't rain on tuesday !
carowinds tomorrow! hope it doesn't rain
going to carowinds again tomorrow  smile  (with some of the fam)
open house in 1 hour   sad 
"homeroom- <propmale> for language arts, 2nd - dymeck for advanced math, 3d - unpingco, 4th - spanish gym 5th -lafauci for science, 6th - lafauci for social studies"
i got chacos  smile 
school tomorrow! can't wait to see everyone  smile 
pretty good first day even though someone made me go back with her to her locker and almost miss the bus this afternoon! (<propfirst> stone!!)  smile 
today was awesome  smile 
hobby lobby smells like nasty candles 
try to say <propfemale> wristwatch  smile  lol 
anyone know what tomorrow is?
i feel old lol 
off to <propfemale> garden for some bday food  smile 
"haha, the waitress was hilarious  smile  but <propfemale> garden doesn't sing happy birthday anymore \("""
"<propfemale> tired,"
g'night peoples  smile  it's time for some sleep  wink 
ahh! i missed the bus !
"<propfemale> and i are going to move away and be animal hoarders, because we don't like your hair   smile "
ok  facebook is taking forever to upload my picture > sad 
"ok, now i'm annoyed  facebook won't let me upload a new picture or set any picture i already have to my default "
"messing with my shoe laces cuz i tried to get them like <propfirst>'s, but it didn't work "
pc4pc !
goodnight  smile 
"um, yeah  go and tell your best <propmale> to wait till tuesday to hear bout it  awesome lolzz "
<propfemale> and i are gas station hobos !
"can't wait for the bus tomorrow, it's the highlight of my day, everyday  smile "
tired   can't wait till tomorrow  wink 
what a weird day 
my piggy bank is hungry  anyone want to feed it?  smile 
goodnight ;o
"heyy peoples at gtms, just wanna let you know that im running for secretary lolz "
woohoo for the half day  smile 
ahh what game is everyone talking about? is it at gths?
life is good  love 
today was pretty awesome  smile 
who did everyone vote for today?
dreading tomorrow  surprise  i think i lost 
fixin to work on my hw
haha  wink  i'm so happy  [tomorrow is tacky day]
on the bus with my new phone! its been 2 years and i got a new one
"ok, all this junk about so and so answered a question about you is getting real annoying mkay? i don't check it  i don't care about if you think i would bail you of jail or all that other stuff   i just don't care lol  so don't bother  if you continue to do post that kinda stuff on my wall repeatedly, there is a <propmale> you will get blocked  thank you  smile "
"oh boy, tomorrow i'm gonna be so 80's lol "
80's day  smile 
is anyone going to <propmale> hardy?
"hmm  today; went to <propmale> hardy and saw <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale>, in that order  <propmale>; i thought you were still mad at me ?"
i want to <propfemale> out with someone tomorrow  anyone really  i'm superbored 
<propfemale> and i are arguing about pennies  awesome right? lol 
"um, you know that mcdonalds is disgusting stuff is a virus right lol?"
pigs in a blanket? i don't think so 
<propfemale> book and autobiography  blehh  frowny 
ugh  what i do for my grades 
"school tomorrow  really don't feel like going, but i will "
trying to figure out tinychat  this junk if confusing !  surprise 
super bored in connections  we arent doing anything
you made my day  love 
game  smile 
we tied with harlem    bleh 
ahh  can't wait till school tomorrow  smile 
don't wanna go to school tomorrowww
tomorrow is the last day of the 9 weeks this year is flying by !
bored  last day in mr unpingco's class!!
anyone want to do something this weekend?
going to savannahs house  smile  my mom thinks im up to no good tho? i dont understand 
at savannahs  shes sleeps so long  ugh
thinking about handing out at the school around 3 today  anyone want to meet up?
dominoes is coming  love 
mmmmm  pizza 
has anyone gone to the fright factory yet? i wanna go  smile 
school tomorrow  ehh  in one of those moods again lol 
getting braces tightened 
"if you are going to act like that, i don't think i want to talk to you anymore  you say one thing, yet you do the opposite  which means you lied  greaattt lol "
is anyone going to the highschool game?
at the game
"ahh, that was fun "
it's t-shirt tiiiiiiimmmeeeee!!!!      the cabs are hereee!!!!        smile 
school 
student council meeting was today  that was a lott of stuff 
"yes, call me with a restricted number and say stuff that makes no sense  because thats awesome lol "
ugh  text me people  im bored out of my mind 
dance laterr  whos going?
ugh  i am so boredd  i wanna do something todayy  anyone wanna see paranormal activity 2? or go to plantation blood?
"haha; \would you rather get run over by a truck or gain 150 pounds?\"" \""gain 150 lbs  then i'd get weight loss surgery! then i could still look\",e95090f32a166bdf3b35c3b9d1da18a3,"morqan stone- if you start talking to me on chat and i don't answer, just post on my wall and my phone will tell me, and then i will know  smile "
love like woe - the ready set  love 
i wanna go to a haunted house 
waitin for the bus  so tired lol 
heyy everybodyy! cg4cg? aha; <propfemale> gram for <propfemale> gram  smile 
ready for <propmale> already!
oops  *dj i mean  anyone know who im talking bout? that short kid from martinez elementary? wasnt that his name lol?
ahh; went trick or treatin' with <propfemale> k and ja<propfemale>a and <propfirst> plaster andd aleah(spelled wrong? idk ) anddd <propfemale>  you guys are so funn  love  [im on a sugar high right now  wink ]
i wanna go to the fair  whos goin tonight?
i need someone to text 
"okk,like my status and i'll do a why whats up?  smile "
if i havent done your why whats up thing yet i will do it tomorrow im gettin off for the night
"i'm bored !  text me ? if you don't have my number, just ask in chat or something   smile "
how do you change a negative e playful onent to a positive one?
my speech was awful
i need some new <propfirst> for my phone !  smile 
at the fairr!
finally back from the fair !  smile 
fair again tonight?
to the fair !
people these days 
"ok , message me with a q and i will answer it on my status ?  smile "
"q - why didn't you talk to him you chicken ? a - i didn't talk to him because he was playing football ! i wasn't going to walk into the middle of a bunch of sweaty , yelling boys to bother him !  smile "
q- i'm not even gonna put that on here   a- i seriously hope you are joking ?
mrs kohl is so mean !  sad 
i want to talk to ______ right now ! who do you think it is ? [bored  !]  smile 
"ok , so here's a lil pet peeve of mine   when you text someone , and they don't text back   it 's just like , are you so lazy you can't press some buttons ? for real ?"
ewww   paper mache is gross  
"haha , today was fun  smile "
"textin this boy , he is hilarious ! ohh ima die from laughter  "
i missed smack butt friday ! that bothers me lol 
"inbox me , ask me a q or just say something you've wanted to tell me !  smile "
i hate getting on fb on my ipod or my phone   i always end up liking someones status or something on accident lol
"lol , i say lol way too much "
everyone should get haircuts before we go back to school  
i find it hard to believe i'm related to these people lmao  
i'm stuffed   time to take a nap till we leave    smile 
i've yet to get a haircut   i really want one though   any ideas lol ?
"is it just me that feels this way ? after a long break from school , the thought of going back and seeing everyone is a little weird  "
ahh  ! i dont wanna go to school tomorrow and deal with all you people lol !
orthodontist !
my teeth are sore   i have 4 more months with these silly braces  
my dad said the storm already passed grovetown ? idk though lol
killer rabbits are coming for you <propmale>   lmaob 
lmao    
what is with you guys and your bonfires lol ?
"bored   i need some new texting buddies , forreal !"
i just hit myself in the face with my ipod   isn't that great lol ?
that's some stupid stuff   for real !
my phone wn't let me send any texts anymore   idk why  
"its 18 degrees outside   if the weather is gonna be this cold , i want snow  "
"my mom said it was snowing , so i ran outside and there was no snow   she meant it was at walmart   then , i turned on the tv and it only hurts when i laugh was on , and they were doing a buncha clips with snow in it   i'm being taunted lmao  "
flurries !  laugh 
oww ! my braces just cut my tongue  surprise  ! i hate these things  
"i was filling out candygrams , and i feel like i forgot someone ? idk who   i just know i did  "
exams were super easy    next 2 days gonna be awesome  
i need a different profile picture  
"today was pretty darn awesome , till the end  "
that bonfire was awesome
waffle house  
"\do you know what i could buy with 500 dollars ? \""\""hopefully a comb naps !\"" lmao  """
my brother got a puppy   it looks more like miniature goat than a miniature shnauzer  
i hate when good morning texts don't wake anybody up   but i laugh when they do  lol  
i'm really cold   so ima get off now   but i need new people to text  
goin to the mall later    smile 
"finally back from the mall  ! i saw my bro there , and i didn't even know he was goin  "
hmmm had fun at <propfirst>'s bonfire  !
i finally finished wrapping all those presents  !
i just lost 200 songs off my ipod   and idk why  
you know those ppl that say <propfemale> christmas right at 12 ? im one of them   <propfemale> christmas  
anybody pullin an all nighter ?
"so , i was texting 4 people when it started getting late   the last one just said \lol thx gudnight\"" when i told them to just go back to sleep after they dozed off   smh  """
"i dont have anyone to text anymore   so unless somebody wants to text me within the next 10 mins , ima goin to sleep lol   inbox for the # if you don't have it  "
"laptop , i know you're there   under all that wrapping paper   i just know  "
  <propfemale> christmas everybody ! just don't forget why we have christmas    smile 
i got hit in the leg with a <propmale> candle   ouch  
"i spent about 2 hours gettin a buncha songs my mom would like and made a cd for her to play in the car   she said \thank youuuu ! but can you put the songs on my mp3 player instead ?\"" nice   lol  """
"i got a laptop , flip video camera , giftcard to forever 21 , <propfemale> <propmale> bag , some awesome nike air forces , and an itunes giftcard"
"i wasn't gonna play in the snow   and yet , my jeans are wet and my i'm freezing   i made an ugly miniature snowman  "
purple    smile 
"nothin to do round here ! hmm , pm me if you don't have my #   and text me  "
i'm gonna make a gingerbread house   out of grahm crackers and cake frosting  
"i must say , i'm impressed with my gingerbread house    smile "
whats <propfemale>rybody doin on new years <propfemale> ?
what kind of brother deletes his sister on facebook for no reason ? mine   i'm convinced one of us is adopted   lol  
hey if you see those fliers with a scary lookin yorkie on it thats my dog ! i want him back lol  
i think i'm the only person that didn't get any new clothes over break   darn it  
i don't wanna go to school tomorrow ! but i guess i will lol  goodnight    
somebody overslept the first day back to school   lol  
tomorrow gonna be boring !
"m-i-c-k-e-y, m-o-u-s-e, its the <propfirst> mouse clubhouse, come inside its fun inside !"
curly hair is awesome when it isn't frizzy !
there's a delay right ?
"it's snowing ! yay , i guess  "
no school today ! i wanna have a snowball fight  
gonna go over to senators ridge in a few   
"smh   becuase i don't know where <propfirst> dowdell's house is , i can't go   silly parents  "
my dad grilled hamburgers in the middle of winter   lol  
smh   <propmale> get'em <propmale> is too lazy to comment back on something so he just likes whatever you said   lol  
is anybody else watching true life right now     ?
part of my braces just broke and i wasn't even doing anything   i can't wait to get these things off  
lol   uga is the top party school in the united states   nice job   [sarcasm]
i hope we go to school tomorrow i got some things to say to some certain people
it's not his kid  surprise 
that is is son ! but he don't know !
"i wish we went to school this time everday ,"
"i dont understand that saying \you cant have your cake and eat it too\"" why are you gonna get a cake if you aren't gonna eat it lol idk"""
hey   you ! go to jatoria stinger 's <propfemale> and like her status   much appreciated    smile 
"so , i think i need some new vocabulary   that \my most used words\"" thing said i used \""lol\"" 67 times  """
"pshh , forget <propfirst> stone , like this status if you wanna be in my facebook family !     haha , jk <propfirst>  playful "
i'm winning this poke war  
"i like how 2 photo albums i'm tagged in use the word \knight\"" in them  """
"writing tests , who needs 'em ?"
i have missed the bus every morning this week   smh  
ortho appointment   greattt  
ok     facebook is stupid ! it posts my status twice and i deleted one and it got rid of the other ? not cool  
that was a lame trip ! we didn't get to tour the school or anything and we didnt even get our packets
high school registration forms ! who's doing jrotc with me ?  smile 
i don't understand whats wrong with people these days  
night   
two bomb threats in a row   smh   but at least we had a big huddle  
"ok , whoever gave some random kid my number is gonna get a beatdown  "
like this status if you think i should delete my mom off my facebook  
if there is another bomb threat today i'm gonna be mad ! its annoying  
take that winter ! its warm outside !
"ok    so you ever seen that show \dog whisperer\""? well our yorkie should be on that show   he's vicious  """
"bomb threats = standing in the cold for the longest time , no pep rallies , lots of work to do , and an angry principal   oh , and the juvenile court judge coming to the school on monday   i don't know about you guys , but that isn't my idea of a fun time  "
"lol   *my mom is talking to old friend on facebook* dad: you know, theres actually this thing where you can press a button and hear each other talk   so instead of typing its kind of like face to face  \ *my mom is interested* \""its called a telephone\"""""
"ok , so i just saw the roomate   i hope i never have a roomate in college   that's scary  "
stupid packers  
i hate long driveways ! its so easy to miss the bus  
is it wrong to let your brother know that someone is eavesdropping on him ? i think not  
why are screwdrivers so hard to find ?
"i love this weather , its starting to get warmer !"
i never watch the grammys   i just can't pay attention to something like that for so long  
so im at the ortho and this lady is letting her little daughter watch a bad movie on bet ! what is up with parents these days lol
"so i was supposed to be getting my braces off next month , but now they tell me that i have another appointment in 6 weeks and i wont even get them off then  "
"at the talent show , some of these kids are pretty good !"
had fun at the talent show buttt i think a certain person i been wanting to talk to is avoiding me ? idk  
"<propfemale> , i'm at my dads store again   i have to do errands for my mom and not even get paid for it   woo hoo  "
i love walking to places  
it almost feels like summer  
rue 21 has jershey shore t shirts ? i like it  
"mhmm   if there was a contest for 'worst brother ever' , my bro would be a champ  "
"so , i decided to try and fix my bike's flat tire   not as easy as it sounds  "
"is it just me , or does anyone else get annoyed when people constantly have song lyrics as their facebook status ? we get it   you like music  "
ehh   gonna pull an all nighter  
redbull does not taste good  
i've been organizing my room since i got home   it hasn't been this nice looking since we moved in  
don't eat spicy food if you don't have something to drink !
ugh ! i just got a gardasil shot > sad   
like this status if you got curly hair and you're proud !  smile 
our dog is having some puppies ! woohoo
<propmale> e cheese isnt fun anymore   ppl here are just plain rude lol
omg    im at martinez elementary and they completely changed all the play grounds
"wow , our <propmale> shepherd had 10 puppies   that's gotta be a record  "
boringboringboring day !
ok     i thought we were done with all this stuff   we 8th graders got learning to do or else we gonna fail and i sure dont want to be in the same grade as any of you bomb threat lovin' kids  
man these teachers need to chill the freak out ! coach <propmale> wanna write me up for skipping ? pshh   she saw me and <propfirst> go in there and she aint say nothin till it was time to change classes   that's some bull !
i think its kinda stupid that we still have to wake up super early just for a half day  
i got iss for skipping mr stricklands class   people skip their connection class all the time but i get in trouble ? and why freakin iss instead of detention ? mr dees needs to get outta this school with his fat self
going to the movies later !
"savannahh hackeddd thisss , i looovee youu bestiiee  smile "
iss today ):<
"iss was so freaking cold ! i mean , who leaves the door open when its cold and rainy outside ???"
ortho appointment ! i get to miss math  smile 
i want to see insidious !
"i've been working on that optional science project since 5 oclock , it still don't work   i'm boutta knock somebody out with these damn batteries"
wow i'm glad ms dymeck gave us those study things cuz i dont know half this stuff !
on the road  
i'm about to be in tallahassee !  smile 
"ah , relatives   fun for an hour or so , then things get bad  "
