79ae1499c52397a01926918c8c7091cd
i wish i was home              i swear i'm the only person who still has to work in a blizzard   sad 
i wish it stops snowing!!!! i dont wanna drive in the snow   sad 
yaaaaaaa               i'm going home!!!!
back at work again       i'm on the grind all day every day!
"this is the beginning of a new day  you have been given this day to use as you will  you can waste it or use it for good  what you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it  when tomorrow comes, this day will be gone forever; in its place is something that you have left behind   let it be something good"
this is supposed to be my day off               but i got stuck at work again! it's all good caus that means 8hrs ot  laugh 
back at work today  sad 
this snow is starting to get on my last nerve     hurry up spring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
damn      they really got me at work on a satuday  worked  the last three weekends in a row when i was supposed to be off  i swear they trying to work me to death!!!!!!!!!!!!
"tuesday is really my monday     i had to take the day off yesterday, needed some rest!!!!! back at work and feeling refreshed!"
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!the weekend id going to be beautiful! hope every one enjoys it and do something fun!
good morning! this is the beginning of another beautiful day!!!!!!!!!!!!
im soooooooooooo bored! finally have a day off and have nothing to do with myself
had a long couple of days         now i get to enjoy  relaxing night at home with the hubby!!!!!
one more day till friday             can't wait! time to make weekend plans 
happy friday!!!!!
"been off da map waaaaay too long                 so tell me fb fam, where da party at tomorrow night???????"
i want to thank all the friends and family who came out this weekend and making this event a success  i know auntie <propfirst> was truly happy to see all of her friends and family come together in her honor!
it' been a looong exhusting week       happy the weekend is finally here!
"just came from city island, haven't been there in years! sammy's      yummy!!!!!!!!"
"<propfemale> <propfirst> quote: understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in hono   r of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding"
good morning fb fam!     one day till friday and its gonna be beautiful this weekend!
"put this on your status and see how your friends respond  if you know me well, you know 1 ) i am ___________ 2 ) i love ___________ 3 ) i can't stand ___________  this should be fun  (be nice)"
battle between the mind and the heart      which one is going to win??????
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a man    stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
at work on a sunday       bored outta my mind  sad 
"at work, pulling an all nighter        wish i was home with the hubby  sad "
thinking up my master plan!
ok   so im at work sitting at my desk n people want to come n talk  can someone tell me y all the funky people want to talk to me? people can u was ur a** b4 u step into my office!!!
"gm fb! another day      another $, lets get this paper!"
it's friday!!! where's the bbq's?
hope everyone had a wonderful holiday weekend
bangin out this o t  on this good good sunday!!
hope everyone had a good thanksgiving and thanx for all the b-day shout outs!!
only the strong will survive!!!!!!!
"ok fb  fam, help me out  should i continue being nice, loving and caring when people clearly don't deserve it, or should i be the mean \b\"" that i used to be? those of u who knows me from back in the day knows what im talking about!"""
irritated early in da am
2 more hours
i hate the snow!!!!
lime to a lemon
taking about yall can stop me u cant stop a nose bleed
as long as my pockets were fat didnt give a fuck where the bitch was at
u only know what u c you dont understand what it takes 2 b me
finished all my work b4 lunch so now i'm sitting here bored as hello 
"sever had been down all day, i can't work without my computer! so i spent a whole day doing nothing!"
"smh    servers still down, another 8 hrs of my life i will never get bavk!"
back on da grind early in da am
ugh! y is it snowing again
sometimes we have to know when to give up da fight
"good food, good drinks, good movie  now what else do i need to complete da nite?"
woke up this morning ready to make some papa but i cant get to work cause the <propfemale> line always shutting down!
half hour left till da weekend!
vibing off dat old school flow!
today was a loooong day   time to kick back n chill
stressful day     need dat henny on  tuesday!
i hate inconsiderate awe people
had 2 sneak our 4 a min   beautiful day for february!
back 2 reality!
time for dinner   salmon and rice!
what's 4 lunch???
<propfemale> is truly a b   when u treat the person who's good to u like shit   u get treated like shut in return!
uggg  y do people luv 2 piss me off???
its fucked up when u gotta b around the person u can't stand looking at!
"tried a new recipe today   chicken chile    it came out delicious, perfect for this rainy day!"
nice day 2 stay in da bed   but an even nicer day 2 make dem dollas!
what's for dinnet???
is it 5 yet??
i have da monday morning blues  sad 
i'm a big ass kid   y do i have hot wheels and <propfemale> all over my desk!
up early making this paper 
help   i need some dinner ideas!
money is da motive to get through this day!
so the big boss is in the office today being a pain in da ass like always    on the phone all morning mad loud and obnoxious!
