a5e86320950e0bac200bd604ffaad486
should very likely be in bed considering how i have work tomorrow 
yay! i have a whole 6 friends! yay people who don't sleep during the summer!
thinking about going to the dollar theatre on saturday for x-men   
"is chilling, watching tv, and thinking about the guys in my life!"
"is getting ready to go rent some scuba gear for tonight, but first needs <propfirst> to wake up!"
is going to rent scuba gear for tonight!!!
is writing some notes and getting ready for a killer day of rec swim!!!
"is thinking about what could be, could have been, and how much i hate bees "
"is frustrated  on the other hand, mcm is going to rock the olympics this week 'cause i'm on the spinal team  as the victim "
wants to go to the beach! any beach! let's just go!!!!
should go to bed  need to pay phone <propmale> in the morning so i can actually be reached   
is tired of everyone and their mom trying to give me advice! i don't need it nor want it so back off!!!!
is so proud of <propfirst>!!!!
but you can call me <propfemale> <propfemale> and watch as i drive away in my bugatti veyron 
"would totally like to have a bugatti veyron to drive around in, you know, all casual-like and stuff   "
doesn't really want summer to end    too many cool people to leave behind 
"wow, i actually started the process of cleaning out my room as part of my moving-prep! excited sad "
"should probably start writing down my \random questions of the day \"" definitely can't wait for sushi!!!"""
going to play tennis with <propfemale> and <propfemale>! this will most definitely be interesting!
is ready for six flags next week!!!
so excited! <propfirst> comes home today then tomorrow is roller coaster day!!!!!
"hates it when there is still cereal in the bowl, but no milk   "
"found out that 6 flags is not happening today, or tomorrow  maybe when i get back   "
"loves pictures, dewar's with <propfirst>, and wandering around best buy for no reason other than just to be together "
just got home from seattle and can't believe that the countdown is on!  20 days till i leave bakersfield!
20 days till i leave! wow 
finally got my driver's license!!! yay! 19 days till the big move 
14 days! woohoo! call me up and let's all chill!
"dude, can't believe i'm actually going through with this mess! what will my parents say?"
so all that is left at the end of the day is my closet  11 days left!
"is singing \something\"" from escape the fate and bouncy that i got new smell goods from b&bw! last week in bako!"""
"had fun at 6 flags with my guy but is now really sad that this is my last week in bakersfield! leaving saturday! singing \sweetness\"" by <propfirst> eat world"""
"is planning for an awesome friday    thinking about having some friends over to watch movies all night  i totally don't want saturday to come  singing \saturday\"" by fall out boy """
is spending my first night in the dorms!!! by myself! eeeekkkk!
"dude, everything freakin' hurts  i've managed to screw up not only my feet but also my knee in two days  now that takes talent  miss home "
going to go swim now that i am officially midshipman 4th class! woohoo!
should probably not stay up all night texting    will definitely be feeling it later!!
had a fun night and now gets to write a two <propfemale> paper on why i didn't read the common book    it's all good in college   
"just had a great run, stretch, and wish i could have swam but my goggles decided enough was enough    reading day today!!!"
had an awesome time at youth group last night!!! now i get to actually do some work today!!!
"alright, homework real quick, some notes, and then have to iron out my stuff for tomorrow morning's change of command ceremony  yay college!"
"if anyone in rotc needs directions to the movie night feel free to text me! for those in terry-lander, i am leaving like right now to go out there! see you there!!!"
decided that i need more pictures of my friends when they are crazy like they were last night  oh jeez  <propmale> is my hero 
doesn't want to write this paper  period  would rather be doing an uphill run in the rain    but the theta xi movie night is tomorrow so there is a light at the end of the tunnel!!!!
"rain, rain, here to stay! such a bombski day! looking forward to hanging with some good friends!!!!"
"http annoyed  www mtn museumtix com ticket ord_eventcat aspx?vid=791&pid=177984&eid=179 383&evd=10%2f17%2f2009&evt=13%3a00%3a00&pvt=bmoa this is the link for everyone going to the body exhibit today! if you have trouble text me, or if you don't have a credit card debit card let me know! we are leaving from <propfirst> at 1200!"
"so coughing sucks because that usually equals sick and i don't want to be sick  i don't have time to be sick  it's rather inconvenient actually  oh well, i still got tickets to see skillet on halloween, so that is the light at the end of the tunnel! it's okay to be jealous, i would understand "
"dude, i do not feel good  my mind is tired, but my body is not even though i am coughing like i'm trying to lose a lung  no voice again  damn "
"much better day today  for sure  drill tomorrow morning is going to rock! first things first though, must sleep!"
"hmm, busy afternoons  i actually like them now  class  physical therapy  swim  chill  yay for one class thursdays!"
"karaoke last night was definitely fun! that and a like six hour nap, that's good too "
loves <propmale> <propfirst>
"does not share well  thanks for reminding me, <propmale> "
"going to work on shoes, then dinner with <propmale>, and then a halloween movie at <propmale>'s! tonight's gonna be a good night! oh, and a midterm tomorrow, it's all good!"
totally did amazing on that midterm! now to relax a little tonight   
"friday=bombski! no class, sleeping in, maybe lunch with the boy? who knows  then birthday ball  oh yeah, it's all good in the hood "
"chill day! i should probably clean my room    and do laundry  should also post all of my amazing pictures  yes, today is good "
"eww! busy day tomorrow! like 800 things to do and i still have to sleep tonight  midterm on wednesday in naval science, not excited for that  sleep now!"
frustration! get freaking better already! i want to run!!!! father help me!!!
"hmm one class, fig meeting, drill and then back to sleep? i think so!"
"haha, i love being in a giggly mood! i almost think that it's more amusing for the people around me     laugh "
just got told my status is lame  am now sad     sad 
"i just watched some of the best videos ever for veteran's day! a tribute to marines, soldiers coming home! oh wow  our soldiers are amazing and to them we owe our continued freedom and ever our gratitude because we can never repay them for all that they have allowed for us to continue to have! most especially thanks should be given to those who fought before to give us what we protect now! god bless our troops!"
is going to kill stupid people  do not go after my friends because i will utterly and completely destroy your puny little world 
<propmale> is officially my hero  he is a total boss  that basically sums this whole thing up 
"is going to do a research paper in one day! the one time that procrastination totally does not pay off  oh well, i will just beast through it and be done! then go watch a movie at the house with <propmale> <propfirst>, <propmale> greenslade, <propfemale> crow, and <propfirst> mcclain!!! tonight's gonna be a good night!"
"didn't get to watch the movie last night, but i did get some emotional support from my guy and finished my paper  so it was a very good night "
"is feeling very productive this weekend  maybe <propmale> and <propmale> should go to canada for the weekend more often, i actually get stuff done when they aren't here   "
"just shouldn't even look at the temperature  it's a little depressing    oh well, welcome to seattle!"
one more day!!!!! i swear i can make it!!!! would love to just take a nap all day long    
"listening to hosanna and feeling very at peace  just need my crazy friends, my great boyfriend, and a cup of cocoa to be completely in heaven "
does not want monday to be here already  i want for it to be friday still  that would be awesome 
"my blood is so amazing, the bag almost could not handle it  time to beat: 4 08; my time: 4 30 next time "
"wait for it, wait for it      oh my god a squirrel!!!!"
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and for all the texts!!!! most of you guys i will see in a couple weeks when i get home, so till then!!!"
i had the greatest night ever last night! <propmale> took me to dinner with my best friends and then took me downtown to the space needle!! it was so perfect!!!! greatest birthday   
i just pwned <propmale> <propfirst> in sea battle!!!!
"so i have to finish a paper, get nice, pick up a cake and decorations and then hopefully give my friend a bombski 20th birthday!!! oh man, what a day!!"
so i leave on saturday for home!!! i'm really excited to finally sleep in my own bed again 
is finally home  so who's up for hanging out?
"oh man, i want to watch the nightmare before christmas really badly!!! who has a good <propmale> <propmale> stash????"
"hmmm, just realized how hard math truly is when you haven't done it in six months  looks like i have some serious studying to do!  annoyed "
light green with darker green polka dots and extra soft!!! ;p
"loved hanging out with <propfemale> vis last night!!! oh my gosh, bubble tea has never been more hilarious!!!!"
"had a motivating pt in the rain  singing during a flexed arm <propfemale>, parallel bar push-ups, and some serious sit-ups  i'm going to hurt tomorrow "
"once in a while, it's nice to actually feel like i know what i'm doing in calculus  thank god for mr  cater!!! he is proving to be my hero even into college!"
had an absolutely epic moment with <propmale> <propfirst> at the movies tonight    oh yeah!!! can't wait for the boy to come home tomorrow afternoon!!  wink 
"so go back, back, to the disaster my heart's beating faster   "
math? you are my enemy 
om nom nom!!! sushi and a mixed salad for dinner after a killer ab workout!! can't wait till my badminton date with <propfemale> fee on thursday!!!
oh thank god it's friday!!!! i thought it would never come!!!
"\unzip it! let me see!\"" - <propfemale> crow to <propfirst> mcclain oh jeez <propfemale> oh jeez"""
is feeling rather blah and has been sentenced to no pt for a week and a basically all liquid diet supplemented with tylenol    sad 
not mono!!! still crazy sick though! > playful 
oh thank god!!!! i am finally feeling like a real human being again!! i even put contacts in!! now time to get ready for finals    and drill!!!
english paper= 1 outside source     3 hours of research later and i have no idea what these people are talking about    going to go to the collective show to give my brain a break  then have <propmale> e playful lain math to me   
i have the chicken noodle soup and mashed potatoes!!!!! this should make my english paper easier to write    hehe probably not actually     wink 
just spent a ridiculous amount of time listening to lady gaga with <propmale> <propfirst>    oh jeez    bailamos!!!!!
"sharing a meal with <propmale> wood, <propfemale> fee, and <propfirst> brantner always supplies interesting dinner conversations    mmm corned beef hash and cornbread!!!"
one more time! just get it over with!!!
"wondering what happened to today being a <propfemale> day?? oh yeah, the sun god of seattle doesn't exist; i forgot "
mmm so that was a fabulous dinner and now it's all about nwn    oh joy    
"hmmm, so i have to attend a crazy amount of technical workshops, have rockefellerian initiative, pass a biology exam, and give my ten percent in order to help my teams win nwn  anyone got some extra shoulder space?"
we won!!!!!! our whole team (platoon sergeant and commander included) just smoked everyone else on that drill deck!!! so motivating   
"was totally motivated by all my new navy gear, but then i had a flash from the past and am now not as happy as i was before  plus i remembered my homework for tonight  that's a bummer in and of itself "
friday!!! you are so close!!!! movie night tomorrow? shutter island with <propmale> greenslade and honping <propfemale>? i think so!!!
"wow, i forgot how long it takes to put up pictures, but they are all up!!! and if you are in theta xi please tag the rest of your brothers!!!"
just deep cleaned the kitchen in my apartment    totally gross  people are so disgusting and i have a new reason to hate bacon 
seattle is bipolar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh well tomorrow is just going to be crazy   
"why must it be so stressful to be in rotc and take 18 credits while helping in a webpage group and securing housing? oh my, summer? are you here yet?"
"happy mother's day, mama!! callin' ya soon!!! i made pancakes this morning, thinking about you!!!"
love the sun  hate sunburns! so excited for open mic night on wednesday with <propmale> allpress! we are going to rock <propfirst> hall! come and support!
"so! it's open mic night at <propfirst> tonight!!!!!! you all should come, like seriously!!! it starts at 7pm (1900 for you military types) and <propmale> and i are going 5th so it's okay if you aren't there right on the <propfemale>  oh and someone is playing <propfemale> very loudly on greek row  i'm loving it!!!"
on the floor or the bed   
didn't get them chem section i wanted due ti fig's  however i <propmale> spend quality time in <propfirst> library walking through the government publications    interesting most definitely 
i think i have reached the point where i listen to my youtube music videos more than my itunes  is that bad?
"just one more day, one last time before it becomes a lifetime"
made <propmale> wood blush  hooray!!!!!! that's twice in a month that i have totally pwned him; guess he needs to step up his game!  wink 
thank god for lazy weekends  i think i slept more in two days than i did all week   
two down; two to go! time to start selling back my books   
is now finally home! until cortramid that is!  wink 
"has jury duty in the morning, but then it's broom hockey time!!! bring it!!! just don't hurt me; i like my knee at the moment   "
lovin' the sun!!! can't wait for saturday!!!
"had an awesome time floating down the kern with <propmale> carpenter, <propfirst> chapman, <propfemale> cherneko, griffin, <propfemale>, and all the new peeps i met today!!! and no sunburn!!!"
got my orders today! watch out san <propmale>!!! cause i'm leaving on a jet plane    see y'all's when i get back!
is coming home a little earlier than i had originally planned    thank you knee for the memo 
"is so the movable red-headed step-child of cortramid  the only companies i won't be in are golf and hotel by the end of the month  sub week this week, then <propfemale> week, and finally aviation week "
"has errands to run, trips to plan, and friends to chill with  gotta love summer! and ziggy richards!"
at some point this week end will eventually think about posting the pictures from san <propmale>    
he's graduating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that means he can call me!!!!!!!!!!!! oh i can't wait to hear his voice again after a month!!!!
"is tanning on the back porch while texting, facebooking, and shopping financial aid  talk about prime multi-tasking  and btw, who schedules an mri for 9:45 at night!!!"
is leaving bakersfield in like six days for seattle!!!! we need to do something epic 
"is so happy to have dewar's tonight with ziggy richards, <propfemale> lucero, and <propfirst> chapman!!!"
"last day in bakersfield!!! going to the river then doing a movie at home with best bro, <propfirst> tomlinson and then packing up the truck!!!"
14 hours of driving  more tomorrow  almost there   
made dinner for the house tonight (enchiladas and beans with fruit) and then went to the park to play around with the roommates! awesome night! only one more day!
"love chillin on a pretty seattle day, talking to my <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>  totally going to be a good day today   smile "
"got a lot of errands to run, people to talk to, and jobs to finalize (i hope) before the afternoon ends    love being busy!"
this week is gonna need a lot of prayers y'all  got a lot of hard decisions to make about my future 
looked up my dream car ( a bugatti veyron) and found out it's the most e playful ensive car in the world!!! $1 7 million dollars!! guess i had better start saving now!!!
misses my <propfemale> shapiro!!!!! come back!!!!
heard back from a job!!!!! it's a maybe but still! positive feedback is good   
so sunday dinner is tonight!!! it's going to be epic 
got the job!!!! both of them!  wink  go target and <propfemale>'s!!!
hey guys  got some bad news  start watching your mail  i just got a massive check and an email from a guy basically asking me to launder money for him  we are thinking he got my info off my facebook <propfemale> so start reevaluating who can see what on your info tabs  totally alert the police dept  if you get something similar 
"hates when people just aren't as efficient as i think they should be, especially when it comes to working    balls "
"started work today!!!! now i get to 9-5 it for the rest of the week (including saturday), but still excited!!!!"
"while all are equally lost theologically, not all have equal access to the gospel "
what is this white stuff falling from the sky in large amounts? it's covering everything to make it look all powdery and stuff     why do i have to work tonight?!?! i want to play in the snow!!!!!
working 15 hours on black friday:  ugh  coming home and talking to the boyfriend and making quick sugar cookies:  yay!  realizing i still have work again today:  oh balls 
amazing dinner last night by <propfemale> fee!!!! we had lobster!!!! it was amazing  now for tonight we are having seafood again!!! i'm loving this!!!!
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!!! i had a fabulous day!!!!
love that i'm sitting here listening to spanish disney songs and spanish guitar with <propmale> <propfirst>!!! que <propfemale> amigo fantastico!!!
so glad i don't have finals right now  it gives me time to plan next year    and spring break 
"dude  double days suck  opening in one store and closing in the other  bleh  oh well, it pays the rent, but it keeps me from my bed   ew "
sometimes you just gotta roll with it  semper gumby 
didn't realize that i could work full time as a nanny or a dog sitter  how awesome!
"just spent the hour talking to my sweetheart, <propfemale> montoya!!! best night ever!!!!"
"posting pictures (yeah, i know, finally) brings back some good memories  i blame you <propfirst> <propmale> "
need to find a frame for the rotc drill award that i just found again   laugh  good times 
"stop talking, stop crying  building the walls higher this time to hide the pieces  fuck "
found my rhythm while running greenlake  smile  got caught in rain and a really cold wind  sad  doing better today 
job offers galore! perseverance pays! plus realized lent is in like 2 weeks    what am i going to give up    
"looking back on the past month, i have decided that when god decides to show me how much of a moron i am, he doesn't pull his punches at all  but i just masochistic enough (religiously) not to mind after the fact "
love a good workout that makes me all shaky afterwards  that and bean and cheese burritos  can't wait to make chicken tacos for dinner tonight  text call me if you want in on it  dinner's at 6 smile 0 y'alls 
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals   yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are trashing, gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i wasn't afraid to e playful ress my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future  god bless our soldiers!"
"so   i have seen a couple postings for the sibling war, but for the life of me i can't find it in my right mind to post it, not because i know that my sister will get to it within an hour, but because <propfirst> smith is the shit and i revel in having a worthy adversary  she is an amazing cook, seamstress, artist, musician, and is incredibly intelligent  props to you little sister "
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have 
