6cbbeaef50c1f2f19a7cf29c77fe67a9
yayz! i finally got my own fb!
"could you guys be praying for my grandma mantik and grandma campbell?\grandma m  has alzheimers and i am hoping it won't last   sad \grandma c  has a seizure condition that causes her to have confused episodes "
"copy this into your status and see what people think of you(; 1=crazy, 2=i'd marryyou, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=athletic, 7=moody,8 laugh umb,9=mouthy, 10=pretty, 11=random, 12= hot, 13=funny, 14=fit,15=amazing, 16=tough, 17=cute, 18= gf bf type, 19=player, 20=i love you"
hey guys! remember that the strength team is coming to our church on the first sunday in august!
is so mad! facebook had to run the below wall post through some filter! are they afraid that a christian post is going to kill everyone?
"took a canoe trip on the <propfemale> river with crosspoint youth! we took fiberglass canoes, and my arms are full of embedded fiberglass! we had fun! i even committed an act of heroism (kind've)!  smile "
the below pics are a promo for a kids church program at our church! vist crosspointag com for more info!
"how do you like my new profile picture?\please comment!"
who wants more rain????
sheesh    sometimes i get so busy i forget how to relax!!!!  annoyed \
praise the lord!!!! we finally found a house (and we only have to move 300 yards)! just need to find a sub-renter for our apartment and we are good to go!
"how about an unofficial gallop poll?\how many of you want <propfirst> <propfemale> back in the oval office?"
"hey guys! did ya hear that the target ceo has to apologize after making a 150,000 dollar donation to an anti-gay association?\that person should be standing up for what he thinks is right!"
though it is impossible to always have the leader you want for your country; remember that no matter who your earthly leader is; your real leader will always be jesus!
"sure, you can enjoy life while you can! but, don't leave god's boundaries! if you do, you will be living on the hottest lake anywhere!"
"<propmale>'s daily bits and bytes: food for thought   \     the bible says that the end times will be like the days of <propmale>  and look around you! the men of god and the men of earth have have merged! many are constantly sinning  the lord says to us that he will come like a thief in the night to those who are unprepared  be ready! i want to see you guys in heaven! god bless!"
fyi: i may not be able to post <propmale>'s bits and bytes all this week 
"attention! \every day i will try to post a wise saying or something like it  please read them and comment!"
woot! packers won the game 59-24!
darn! my fb isn't working right  my chat thing is broken    
i'm really gonna miss goof troop! it was so fun and exciting  now i know how a cast feels at the end of the filming for a movie   
"if you believe in jesus christ, put this on your wall  do not just ignore this  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, put this       on your wall  smile "
hey gang! i think i have a plan here    spread the word that it is preferable for tc club members to have a fb  my idea  that way    we can all stay connected!
"wow, for the first time ever i wish that goof troop would never end  maybe they have another volume and we can come back to it a year from now!!!!  laugh "
"ahhhh    i got exactly what i needed today: a good, long nap "
remember everyone: tc club filming saturday at 9 surprise 0!! this means you zac!
you know i actually got to go somewhere new today    crazy!  laugh 
"i joined the goof troop for pistols  then, i found out the evil goof troop had rpgs   "
attention: this just in! <propmale> pain arrests commodore pain  same promoted to colonel  see zac wagner's wall for full story!
i just realized today that i have been working so much over the past year that it feels wrong to sit back and relax on a saturday!
like this if you crack up when the audio gets out of sync on a movie!
there testify! i am now clean of recent activity!  smile 
if i can't take it anymore; i just switch to another to take   smile 
read the below note!
"if i died today, how would you remember me? set this as your status to see what others say about you"
the other day my twin brother and i switched places for a while  if was so funny! <propmale> pain kept asking me to bring in one soldier and i always brought in another  another time <propmale> pain asks for lieutenant hazor and my bro shows up dressed like me! you should've seen the look on <propmale> pain's face when he saw us side-by-side  and don't even ask about when ensign rozah showed up   
"had fun on the devil's lake (as well as intl  crane fnd  and <propfemale> center) trip! got to spend time with some of my closest friends (<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>   ), and saw some beautiful scenery! like if you agree "
"sheesh! my chat app has been going crazy for the past few days \people keep telling me that they can't see my chat messages  time to get out the sledgehammer   "
"help please! my chatbar is not showing, and it is only happening on my account "
"needs a status update  so, here it is!\                               my status update"
"who knew missing one day of school can cause long-term ridiculous stress?\     also, have you heard of anti-diseshtablishmentarianisnm (yes, it is a real word!)?"
"all-right, i am starting a discussion on antidisestablishmentarianism! all ideas, facts on history, and any definitions accepted!"
have you ever wondered if we overreact so much that changing your name to <propfirst> with any last name starting with n would initiate a state of emergency?
"what i will do, what i am doing, and what i can do are all different things \-some smart fellow-"
i am in jazz band! a dream come true!
"have any of you tried to log in to fb, and then having facebook tell you that you need to verify your account and change your password because it has been compromised? it just happened to me"
"well, yesterday i spent 2 or 3 hours overhauling my computer's appearance  now, my computer that runs windows  playful  looks like it's running <propmale> os x!"
this is so funny! i am using literally upside down english!
never mind ye olde upside down! i be usin' pirate english now! arrrr!
arrrr! i be feelin' the need to sail the seven seas o' the world! just need a chest o' gold and that's a start!
"it's torture! during my technically 9 day vacation i will have to get up at 3 or 4 in the morning to catch a flight one day! well, at least it makes for a good businessman   \by the way: my nickname is \ivan the awesome!\"" from the second night at the museum"""
"i want to find out how many people will like this status, so like it!"
"a few years ago my parents and i went to london, england  we were standing at the top of big <propmale>, and we decided to drop our watches and see who could get to the bottom before it hit the ground  so, mom drops hers and takes 5 steps before it hits the ground  dad drops his, and only takes 3 steps  i drop mine, walk to the bottom, buy a snack, and catch my watch  in case you didn't know, my watch is 30 minutes slow!"
wouldn't be ironic if someone cartoonized a cartoon profile picture?
"hello all! thank you for the birthaday wishes! oh, and <propfemale> schoessow, i did have to attend school "
"you know, i always wonder why at banks the vault is always open, yet they chain the pens to the desk!?!?"
mr  maass was the greatest teacher ever! i will really miss him! like and comment if you agree!
"i try to learn something new every day  the other day, i found out that it's a bad idea to play golf during a thunderstorm!"
"i'm starting a novel about armies battling in space  i need character names, ideas, etc  comment, message me, or e-mail me "
help! my chat is messed up (again)! any suggestions?
all in favor of drilling in the gulf say i!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"american solution to illegal immigration annoyed illegal immigrants can stay as long as they register with the government  \                                                                                                                        \remember, illegal immigrants have to go back if the gov  finds out  see, the perfect solution!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
please keep the kjorlie family in your prayers!
is somewhat exhausted  did some real work today on the farm 
i found from a dilbert book that the best way to be a manager is to use inconcieveably large and complicated terms!
"hey, did you know that today is the first day of the rest of your life?"
look towards the sky! cool cloud patterns as hot and cold cloud masses mix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does anyone besides me think that computers are out to get us sometimes?
my mom is not appreciating my taste in profile pictures   
"if anyone does not like my profile pics, my mom made me do it!"
"let's see who truly reads my status! you and i wake up in a cop car together, using 4 words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment yours as well be a good, and play "
"let's see who really reads my status \you and i wake up on a planet a long ways from earth  what would you say in 6 words or less?\post this as your status if you comment!"
"this man decides to enter into a local newspaper's pun contest  he sent 10 puns in to ensure that at least one was published  sadly, no pun in ten did "
"the severe weather sirens go off way too much here in roseville, mn! the other day, the sirens go off twice and nothing happens! so much for sitting in the basement   "
"keep the roesler family in your prayers, as <propfirst> roesler just passed away "
"my computer got \bit \"" i have to dump the whole system and reload it  thanks all you virus makers!"""
"today, my doctor made all the voices in my head go away  i guess i should ask him about the purple platypus i keep seeing   "
is pretty happy that minecraft 1 7 2 came out!
heading out to family camp!
florida next week!!!!
"band practice was fun, but i can't get the commands out of my head!\   detail a-ten-hut! (hut!)"
"settling down in <propfemale>, hot, and humid florida!"
