18ae2a5a7c73e650453da300ff7709c5
"is leaving ohio without having had a polar pop   damn broken ice machine   o ye gods of circle k, why hath thou deserted me?  d:"
's brain hurts   too much sleep   @ @
?? ?? ???!  d:
went for a jog   it was way too hot for a jog   o 0;
has to give a presentation tomorrow    annoyed   but hooray!  short week!   laugh 
is upset that monterey county doesn't allow fireworks   garbage!  d:
is addicted to the sims 3   o 0;
can't wait for the <propmale> potter movie   x3
now can't wait for the cirque du freak movie that she found out about just moments ago    laugh 
is really enjoying the annoying country blaring out of someone's headphones    really 
loves gi parties!   laugh   not 
loves the beautiful saturday morning - and the fact that she's awake for it    annoyed 
is decidedly annoyed     annoyed 
"is starving   well, not literally, but she's pretty damn hungry "
's wisdom teeth are under attack by the army dental clinic   > >  < <
needs the weekend    annoyed 
loves the lack of sunlight caused by a huge cloud of smoke   o 0;
could be having a better day    annoyed 
has two charming stair-shaped bruises on her shins   falling headfirst down concrete stairs in abus is fuuuuuuuuun    laugh 
has one day left of flag detail!   laugh 
has 2 weeks until she can go home    laugh 
"actually wasn't miserable at the air force ball, surprisingly enough   13 days       surprise "
12 more days      surprise 
is feeling peckish   7 days      surprise 
is having the slowest week ever   d:  4 more days      smile 
burned 504 calories   w00t!  4 days 
"will be in ohio in approximately 31 hours     smile   yes, i just did math "
will be in ohio in almost 24 hours    laugh 
got to coshocton about 12 smile 0 am   loooooooooooong ass day 
can't wait to get her new phone   x3
"is going to the gym, then to the fair "
"ate deep-fried green tomatoes, a caramel apple, pizza and deep-fried buckeyes   she's going to regret this in a few hours    confidential "
"finally marked all her messages in her inbox as read   now people can stop look over her shoulder and say \holy crapz0rz!  41 inbox messages?!!1\"""""
"laundry day!  w00t ???   or, ya know   something like that    annoyed "
thanks everyone who gave birthday wishes   monetary donations are also greatly appreciated   nudge nudge wink wink    smile 
"cold weather and flu immunizations make <propfemale> a sad, sickly girl    sad "
's weekend has been interesting to say the least    playful 
is pretty much gonna call today a sick day 
thinks that workout only managed to swish around the fluid in her lungs   d:
only has one contact in   she should probably put in the other 
can speak english once again!  hoorah!  3 days until exodus 
????? ????? ?? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???? 
likes how she thought she completely failed her unit 13 test and in actuality got the highest grades she's ever received in korean class   ever   w00t!
"needs just one skin-colored colored pencil to finish her sketch, and can't find one   damnit!   annoyed "
is vegging and loving every muscle-atrophying minute of it    love 
is doodlin'    smile 
is leaving coshocton today 
24 hours left in ohio 
is off for korea 
"soooo the slogan for the air national guard is \grab some air?\""  silly air force """
loves <propmale> & sullivan     love 
feels bad about whining so much this week when others have it much worse than i    annoyed 
has a general feeling of nervousness for no apparent reason   must be because the past couple weeks have been throwing curveballs at her left and right   something else is bound to come up    annoyed 
just saw pictures on facebook from someone's basic training   how the hell did they manage that?  o 0;
finally has a debit card!  cathol be praised!   laugh 
needs a bigger ipod    sad 
uggh   mornings like this suck so much    annoyed 
is going to work on her story   'bout time    laugh 
"got a good deal of her story written last night, but she should probably go to bed sometime before midnight   @ @"
"had a pretty miserable day, but feels worlds better now    smile "
"is hungry, but starting to feel kinda pukey again   do not want    sad "
"nothing makes you feel like a bigger idiot than seeing someone wave, waving back, and then realizing the other person wasn't waving at you at all    annoyed "
curse you korean food!  why must you be so delicious and yet so hard on my stomach?   annoyed 
damn vacuum  my room smells horrible now    annoyed 
is so sick of being sick   d:
is pretty sure she's dying   slowly but surely 
this goldfish crackers and sprite diet is actually working wonders    laugh 
is debating whether or not she wants to get a tattoo this weekend    annoyed 
forgot to eat dinner   again   who the hell does that?  d:
"had a mini nervous breakdown during speaking hour, and generally a crappy day   here's hoping for a better day tomorrow "
?? ????? ?? ??????   wink 
wishes her multi-vitamin pack came in chewables   7 pills at once   blehhhh 
"god, why can it only be warm in monterey for, like, five minutes, and then be freezing cold again?   annoyed "
actually enjoyed morning pt    laugh 
may apparently soon have step-siblings   do not want   d:
had the best workout that she has had in a long while    smile 
girls who think i'm honestly going to snatch up their boyfriends are amusing    laugh 
has a roommate again   hoorah!   laugh 
is so damn tired   o 0;
just did p90x ab ripper x   holy crap   o 0;
hopes she gets a gigantic bruise on her face from today's soccer game   that would be pretty epic 
wants food    smile 
really sucks at yoga 
unit 18   holy crap   o 0;
3-day immersion   d:
is evil and grumpy   fear me!
"has only been doing p90x for two weeks, and it's already starting to work   i look slightly less like a pregnant lady    laugh "
just saw a red 1990 ford probe   i miss my car    sad 
has a dental appointment tomorrow and is more than likely going to have her wisdom teeth removed this week   joy 
is getting her wisdom teeth removed on friday   which means lazy weekend   hooray!
"is so damn thirsty, but has to wait to drink anything until after her surgery   balls "
's wisdom tooth removal seemed to go pretty well   the pain medication seems to be working and not making me too drowsy 
"well, this week has been pretty much shit-tastucular   here's hoping for a good weekend   and yes, shit-tastucular is a word "
soooo   old people don't belong on facebook   just saying 
"is doing a gigantic friends list cleanup tonight   if you don't love me and my awful personality, you don't belong on my facebook    love "
?90?? ??!
just bought a nook   w00t 
just saw <propfemale> from ffiv using a weed wacker outside a korean church   the economy`s hitting everyone hard it seems 
why do i torture myself?  *sigh*
"is a sweaty beast   and after a shower, i shall become a cleansed beast "
fat chicks on waivers need to stfu 
"does not want to die by lethal injection   or, you know, die at all, really "
has had avocado for two meals in a row   good day 
"wanted a whey protein shake after her workout, but has about two drops of soymilk left   damn "
is addicted to white chocolate mochas   again   sigh 
finally finished her korean paper   the only thing that got me through that was the beautiful voice of <propfemale> auf der maur    love 
got sprayed by a sprinkler in the middle of pushups this morning   you know it's gonna be a good day 
just ate her body weight in arabic food   mmmm 
8th week of p90x <propfemale> routine   down 14 pounds    smile 
"wants to be in ohio   or, you know, somewhere where it's not freezing   it's may, monterey   get with the freakin' season    annoyed "
"just found a splinter of wood in her fiberone bar   that's one way to get your fiber, i guess "
vashay!
is so sick of combined-flight pt    annoyed 
is it bad that i can't wait for the new <propfemale> meyer book to come out - just so i can see how awful it's going to be?
is incredibly amused 
opis june 14 at 1445 
may hit up the beach today   since the weather in monterey is decent for once 
"actually went waist deep in the ocean water in monterey   yeah, i`m insane "
"did pretty well on her pt eval this morning, but has to wait until monday for her waist tape   balls "
"sooo   according to the old air force pt standards i have a pt score of 91 5, and by the new standards i have a 98 25   the new standards cannot get here soon enough "
is apparently too fat to run 
"god, what an awful day   dx"
opi tomorrow   blarg 
's doom is nigh 
"is going to osan afb, korea in january "
dlpt ??   ?_?
is it sad that the pain of the dlpt kind of makes me crave the pain of getting a tattoo?   laugh 
uggh   awful morning   good thing we don`t have actual class 
just got congratulated by a korean teacher whilst carrying a bag of her own vomit   epic 
2   2+   2
has been in the er for 6 hours and counting   ugh 
oy!  my kidney!   annoyed 
"oh korean, you threw the dlpt at me, which i smote with my mighty sword of wisdom, and then you attempted to hospitalize me, but our epic battle ends today   and i`ll win "
has orders!  finally    annoyed 
"is officially out-processed, and will be in texas tomorrow morning   be prepared to peel my dying carcass off the hot, hot ground   x x;"
doesn`t know whether to blame texas or her kidney for the sudden lack of athletic ability   x x;
loves herself some mustard potato salad    love 
apparently went from a size 10 to a size 4   no wonder my pants felt so big   o 0;
has lost approximately 37527 chapsticks in her lifetime   and she just lost number 37528    annoyed 
what is it about texas that induces nightmares? o 0;
has eaten mozzerella sticks for three days in a row   i`m gonna get fat    annoyed 
is in love with this weather    love 
is in lesbians with you 
is the charliest cloud of them all    smile 
"did surprisingly well at the bull dog run, considering she ran on no sleep and pure adrenaline   now it`s naptime "
wants to rule north korea so they`ll write me an epic theme song 
hot weather + potato salad = bad news  x x;
"appreciates the sudden break in her writer`s block, but unfortunately it`s interfering with her sleep   so tired   d:"
"has fallen, and she can`t get up    annoyed "
is being followed by a raincloud   no joke 
loreal <propfirst> and i got the same exact fortune in our fortune cookies   there's just no originality these days 
"apparently, if a cellphone is suicidal, its screen will just crack for no apparent reason, since it has no arms with which to cut itself with "
injures herself significantly every other weekend   sigh 
wants pancakes 
"has anyone else noticed that aside from the hairtie, shoes and gloves, ms  pac-man is essentially nude?"
is heading to san <propfirst> this weekend 
"just bought cinnamon powder doughnuts   yes, it is status worthy "
r i p  basic training watch
"you know you`re in the air force when some guy tries to pick you up with the line \what squadron are you in?\"""""
out-skinnied her favorite jeans   damn 
"just summoned a double rainbow by singing the double rainbow song   you`re welcome, world "
does <propfirst> 
got 1st place in her age group at a random 5k in ft  worth    laugh 
"why are you so damn cold, texas?  you act like it`s autumn or something "
is a gigantic walking bruise 
hi ho!  hi ho!  off to <propfirst> i shall go!
"does not appreciate mother nature interrupting her run   thunderstorm, please!   annoyed "
loves that people here in <propfirst> keep mistaking her purse from walmart for a designer brand 
"is already hearing christmas music   it`s only the 2nd of november, people; just calm down "
finally maxed her runtime on a pt eval   *dies*
graduates in a week!   laugh 
"is finally part of the operational air force, and has an awesome battle scar to show for it "
is pretty much wasted off a beer  this is ridiculous 
"in about 4 hours, i`ll be in ohio!   smile "
totally gained 4 5 pounds since her pre-thanksgiving weigh-in   not too shabby    laugh 
"<propfirst> nielson, nooooooooooooooooooo!   sad   r i p "
"okay, ohio   even though it's december, it doesn't mean you can get all crazy and just start snowing   yeesh "
officially has her <propmale> servo tattoo   pics are imminent 
has been in the air force two years as of today 
"feels hungry, full and nauseous all at the same time   what the hell, stomach?  pick one!   annoyed "
is going to her favorite place on earth today - the book loft in <propmale> village    love 
bought herself a shiny new laptop    laugh 
is in jeans and a t-shirt   gotta love freak ohio weather 
"is at misawa, then on to korea!"
is safe and sound in korea    smile 
"on <propfemale> 59 of 434 of memoirs of a geisha, by <propfirst> <propfemale> http annoyed  bit ly flr2lk"
"on <propfemale> 88 of 412 of good omens, by <propfirst> pratchett http annoyed  bit ly gz31fr"
is hitting up seoul today    smile 
"would like to extend her praises to <propmale> jacobs, who not only helped her pick out a good bass, but is also helping her learn how to play the thing   pretty rad "
"was woken up at 7am this morning, and about threw a fit because she momentarily forgot that the super bowl was today    laugh "
is chopping off her hair in about an hour 
's hair is <propfemale> short 
it would seem that my nook has finally gone to crap   balls    annoyed 
