1389d2d9b40d9ff1e4ae61943f82bb3e
"if i wanted a sauna i would go to one, i prefer my room not to be one "
the annoying part of having my window open (took duct tape sealed insulation within off) now is to much light from hospital across street  and noisy birds  least its cool up there as it is down here now 
"i was watching <propmale> <propmale> last night (joy of painting) and good lord its amazing  all his catchphrases make me laugh though  lets make a happy cloud, see that tree over there? lets give him a friend  goes on and on  but the painting itself is amazing evolvi"
in one of those moods for a whole lot of music  and finding new bands 
whew   groggy  woke up to a numb arm and the sound of rain  another day just full of it eh? suppose its a good thing i like rain 
is loving prototype 
looking back on comedian stand-up  love <propfirst> carlin's comedy and views  flawless presentation 
finally found why people like portal so much  not really much a story to it but its great fun!
storm is here! woo bring on the thunderrrr!
wow  eeeeh heeeeee!
it would be ironic if <propfirst> <propmale> came back as a zombie   
wish i could find my ps2 memory cards  lost for months in chaotic house  holds so many hours of game play  all poofed away 
oh no  back into mugen collection mode   
nice  close lightning
a warning: if you're going to microwave <propfemale> its probably a good idea to open the bottle 
"still wishes there was a \dislike\"" button  does facebook think we just have to like everything? -shakes fist-"""
psp > ds
some reason its really difficult to find a small phillips head screwdriver 
off to see back to back movies of the new <propmale> potter and transformers today  looking forward to it!
had a lot of fun past couple days  been good  now its aftermath clean up time  wooo 
"dying from the heat and couldn't sleep  can't cool down, really wish i had an air conditioner "
"going camping at salt springs  worth it for the camp food! oh and family bonding, yada yada etc etc "
its all bullshit 
nothing like being woken up to the sound of a fly buzzing around you 
bored  annoyed with ants finding their way to crawl all up on me 
yo
perfect world is one of those rare games where a panda-man and an elf can ride on a dinosaur 
waiting on that deadpool solo movie  screw you green lantern!
nice day at <propmale> walk  fun time with <propmale> and soph  smile 
wants to go to nyc this month 
"thanks for the ham, <propmale>  mmm    leftovers "
i don't like waking up before the sun even rises 
dreaming of flesh eating monsters is not as exciting as i thought it would be  would like to go back to bed at least 
anyone buy borderlands on 360? lets play live!
ham will solve the worlds issues  ham for president!
i don't think i'm ever getting used to waking up early 
wants assassins creed ii
assassins creed ii is amazingly awesome 
after over a year it seems i am finally making a 360 game collection   any suggestions on some good cheap games?
"house was \attacked\"" by a grey cat with a fluffy tail  sister was brutally \""mauled\"" as it followed her  savior of the day was <propmale> who picked the cat up and took it out of home    lol it was just a cat! not some monster    sheesh """
lesson of the day: baby peach can kick your ass in <propfirst> kart 
900 <propmale> away my mom still has me searching for a hidden easter basket  thanks mom! applejacks for the win!
it's hard to not want to taste test the feta cheese and steamed spinach before stuffing it into the chicken  just to dang good 
why is it one of the rare times i like to make spiedies is the time i don't have tin foil? i'd put it on pan on the stove but i feel like thats slapping it in the face  its already in a whatchamacallit so i might as well stick it in the oven  to google for ideas!
i want to have fried chicken with jesus 
i've come to the conclusion i need a haircut 
my mom thinks i'd sooner be abducted by aliens then be social in the outer world 
thank you gamefly for not being lame and sending me monster <propmale> tri upon release date!
open your eyes your eyes are open
ratatatatatatat 
random question    why is it always when i want someone they never respond  when i actually need them for once  whyyyyyyy?
<propfemale> jello isnt as good as i thought it would be 
"just thought this was funny\teacher: <propfirst> washington not only chopped down his father's <propfemale> tree, but also admitted it  now, <propfirst>, do you know why his father didn't punish him?\louis: because <propfirst> still had the axe in his hand "
we have flower beds  but will there be flowers in them? 50 50 not sure about that haha 
those baked beans were awesommme 
my lifes a let down 
i'd change my pic like a certain someone asked but i don't really have a lot to go with  might have to wait it out a bit 
"get home, clean up, watch rest of rome first season "
6 days is it now?  7 - 1? better creep up fast  cant wait to be connected again  with the worrrrld!
"dear christmas music on the radio, \to soon!"
why is it almost everything tastes better with franks red hot sauce? truly amazing 
hellooooooo leftovers 
started watching the show outsourced  it's freakin' hilarious !
woke up to one of those energy saving bulbs falling from above my feet and bursting since i kicked the wire  i knew i should of moved it last night  crappy wake up call 
"<propfirst> nielson is dead? dude i feel like i want to cry  i loved that guy, great comedy genius "
out of curiosity  what color would you get combining caramel and white chocolate?
"the balancing of the game warstorm can be amusing  a person with rare and fabled cards can easily be beaten by a person with commons  got out quicker, did damage faster  rarity isn't always better i guess "
"i'm\ sure there's many thinking about this in my region    but  woo snow! \snow that's actually sticking too  grounds nearly white out my window  \bout time "
i have discovered the joys of minecraft 
i didn't feel like waiting to long so i mic'ed my chicken nuggets  perhaps a little to long? they shrunk half size and are extremely chewy  but hey i'm not wasting it  nommin away!
