5e0c13d22c372788b5a95da38d16d993
who won the twins game
one more day
do the spongebob  one
"happy birthday <propmale>, i  luv u"
"weekend off, fun"
"off to <propfemale> grove, see ya soon <propmale>"
happy new years!!!!!!!!!
pink
bored nothing on tv except football
<propfemale>
tell me again why i love my job
have a awesome day!
off to plant my <propfemale> trees
isn't life interesting
have a terrific tuesday
happy monday
i'm having an awesome day smile 
hope u make it home ok
happy friday!
i had an awesome day!
on vacation!!!!!!
2  cases  of beer and a bottle of whiskey!  party at my  house!
i'm so sick!
my little bed fellow had to go home tonight      how sad sad 
thank god tomorrows thursday!
happy thursday!
thank god tomorrows saturday
happy sunday!!!
i think i may be a work alcoholic
today is going to be a good day smile 
"i'm home, thanks for all the birthday wishes!!"
"so sorry, going out to all my party hardy friends that we didn't have a party sat nite   the good news is no one here broke open the keg so, we can try again next sat nite if anyone is still up for it "
"so sick of rain,   i need to go somewhere <propfemale>!"
"hello monday, the start of another 6 day work week "
"pizza and a movie, luv mon nites"
thank god tomarrow is thursday
thinkin open stage nite at bridgids
happy 10 10 10
"if      you and iwoke up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say tome? (note: if you comment, you have to copy and paste this into youstatus  be fair, play along!! ;p)about an hour ago"
happy halloween!!!!!
"hey  <propfirst>, just let me know when the wake is <propfemale>, <propmale>, and tabby are all coming with me, so sorry sad "
1st day of vacation smile 
i made it home!
happy thanksgiving
"finished all the insolation tonite, if i ever have to do that again it will be to soon smile "
"i didn't think i was going to make it home, barely made it in the driveway, hope i make it out in the morning, this sucks sad "
off to the hampton for a party smile 
gotta luv this christmas snow its magical smile 
"omg the roads are horrible sad    thank god i didn't see another car for the last 12 <propmale>,  i believe i drove in the middle of the road  lol"
"i got the coolest secret <propfemale> gift today,  a case of beer smile "
off to a dinner party smile 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!
where is the new years party this year?
really  looking for some fuun smile 
"just got home and its 33 below, burrrrrrrrrrr"
thank god for sundays smile 
"5 in the morning and  my dad is plowing out my driveway, gotta luv him"
