82bca01372c59660a92e583afb542f23
the movie last night was cool today i get paid so let go to happy hour smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
another performance after tonight one more to go 
i am fighting with <propfemale> and <propmale> about <propfirst> and his gayness  laugh 
all my finals today  sad 
okay one final down it wasn't to bad i guess i could have done better but two more to go wish me luck smile 
i just took my second final of the day did better than the first now for the dreded comparative politics class and then i am done for the semester smile 
does not want to study any more wish it was 5 so i can take this dam final annoyed 
"hitler \clari\"" get off my back i am almost done with my review lol!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh """
for the first time in months i was able to take a nap and not have to do any kinda of work smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has to go to work even though i did nothing all day  sad 
yay i passed classical political philosophy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
off to practice and then it will be time for some brownies for the band wink 
has been playing video games to much lol nah it's never too much lol smile 
dang has to go to work right now  sad  why does the truck have to come in so early 
it is a very <propfemale> christmas i just got my phone back guys so please send me a shout so i can get your <propfirst> again   smile 
super chaf got my replacement phone and it does't work 100%  sad 
going to meet up with los mijos  smile 
tired i have not slept at all lol but it was worth the all night drinking the <propfemale>'s in the weeee morning hours and the breakfast with the moreno family  smile 
dang <propfirst>'s not living in the city and he still get to make fun of me 
the only down side of being that go to guy is that they always go to you lol  but it = more money for me  i am off to work one of the cooks called in  smile 
thank the lord i finally have a phone that works 100%
hangin with my bro <propfirst> haven't done that in awhile 
just woke up from a really long nap  time to watch the game with some family and friends  smile 
lalalalalalalala this should tell you how that with out work or school i really just stuck at home lol 
copy an paste this an see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best
okay it had been some time but i finally got my fat butt off the sofa and went for a run  to then come back home and see snoop dog light a fat blunt  lol 
i judged three debate rounds today it made me miss the old days  the sad part was i wanted to jump in during all the rounds and tell the kids what to do  lol smile 
lets go cowboys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dang idk why but my check for work has still not gone through the bank but i still had enough to drink it up last night lol  hope you had fun <propmale>!!!!!!!!!
i am super super tired it was a long day at work t g i f 
i am off to work fb see you all later 
off to work facebook you all have a goodone 
they just made the call off to work folks 
finally after so many many days of work i get to relax and be the bum that i was born to be!!!!!!!!
waiting to see the debate of lord of the rings or starwars during clerks two 
party at my house tonight guys to my friends that are not in laredo thank you very much for the birthday wishes i will take an extra shot for all of you all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
off to work f b  see you all later 
wished i had my own kitchen to cook tons and tons of food  oh one day that dream will come true 
concert tonight guys its an incredible concert  7p m  at t a m i u  f p a 
kinda wishes it was time for work so i would have something to do today 
"\the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding \"" - <propmale>"""
if i do say so myself me and one of the managers at work knocked out inventory pretty fast 
grumble grumble i hate that i have to do my own taxes why can't i be 18 again and just tell mom can you do them 
so it was some what of a long day but it was totally worth the trip  thanks carinos for the p f  changs!!!!!
trying to recover i am not drunk nor was i when i woke up but dam i just want to sleep more today than any other day 
i didn't let her use me yesterday i stood tall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
would really like to start working on some ideas for the cake me and clari have to make in the summer  dang i wish i did not have bakers blockt___t
needs to get ready for work but does not feel like it just yet lol 
i got screwed i didn't level up on social city even though they say i didt__t
"\you can do better\"""""
8 more days guys just 8 more days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
count down is now to 7 days thats right folks one week from today!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am off to work i love to cook!!!!!!!!!! laugh  see you later f b 
the countdown is now down to 6 more days folks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! joyful 
long day at work  but i had fun  now i forgot to mention 5 more days till that day comes!!!!!!!!!
grumble grumble grumble off to work =s see you all in ten hours!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
oh at its just three more days!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
one more day guys just one more day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile 
gay i can't check my dang social city i know its lame but still i would like to see it right now t_____t
thank the lord the day is finally here and yes i already have started to celebrate!!!!!!!!
chilling at the hotel kinda tired going to chill with the band peeps!
"dang i have an uncle coming over i haven't clean for shit and oh i still have to go to work tonight idk but i think the procrastination has gone too, too far  =p"
still cleaning and wondering how much have i been working to honestlly not have done this much laundry?=s
hates house work  and doesn't want to go to work anymore lol 
this catering is taking super long i didn't realize we would be here till two  and i'm super hungry   annoyed 
as i feel asleep after taking clari to school this morning i heard land of the lost in the back ground which in turn made me dream about zombies idk why but i'll say this much i killed many many zombies and almost died about three times 
made a brisket for the first time today it came out good but i can't wait to try to make another one 
off to work hope you all have a good day 
had a <propmale> to talk to my cuz it was cool!!!!!!!!!! smile  goodnight facebook 
i am going to regret eating this late but i'm soooooooo hungry!!!!!!!!!!!=s
off to work guys  this schedule actuallly looks easy i hope it stays that way 
going to best buy to get my new phone i hope they still have it in stock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!=p
ugh i'm like a lil kid agian waiting for the damn ups guy to show up i hope i don't get the package tomorrow when i'm at work all day!!!!!!!!!=s
"everyone has been posting how good of a day its going to be, well i must say that i agree it does feel like its going to be a good humpday=p!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
boy what a day at least it was worth the hard work!!!!!!!!!
ugh i just got home from work idk y it took me so long to get stuff done  hopefully it will be smoother tomorrow  goodnight fb 
kind of excited i am going to the valley for my uncles wedding its going to be tons of fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
having a good time drinking a beer with my cuz!!!!! laugh 
nut up or shutup!!!!!!! laugh 
the wedding was great  can't wait for tonight more fun with the family and friends 
so my phone died  but the wedding was great!!!!!!!!!!!!! smile  love you <propfirst> and <propfemale> hope you all live a wonderful life 
finally made it back glad to be home  even though it was fun i missed ldo a bit 
"combo lockination, and the double tecker daco   musing's by <propfirst> lol!!!!!!!!! laugh "
"usa,usa, usa fuck yea!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh "
long day at work but it was fun!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
need to go take care of stuff for carinos and then the rest of the day is mine!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
boy it's only 1130 been up for 3 hours and have done tons of house work good way to start a day off hope fully i will be done in a bit so i can be lazy the rest of the day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
off to work guys you all have a good day!!!!!!!=p
i got my phone i am now connected to the world again   laugh 
goodnight fb see you all in the later a m !!!!!!!
put the facebook widget on my phone  and had a good day at work the employees make it worth it 
going to s a  with carinos today can't wait   laugh 
called shotgun for the trip to s a =p
back in ldo  very proud of my <propmale> <propmale> for trying his best at  chef war in carinos badera we'll get them next year!!!!!!
is reading everyone's post and is realizing how many different ppl and lives we see everyday
the beav  i haven't heard that in years lol!!! smile 
"you and i woke up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say (if you make a comment, you have to put this in your status  fair is fair )"
at bbw i needed a drink  playful 
"tired,stressed, and going crazy lol can't wait till tomorrow should be an exciting day playful "
wish me good luck guys i hope i do well tomorrow i am going to bed to make sure i wake up early and hopefully i pass this thing  this ones for you mom!!!!!!!!
super tired from the 12 hours strait at carinos but it was worth the hours i had to catch up   annoyed 
oh what a crazy day lol my transmission is all jacked up i'm with out bic for a whole ten days   annoyed 
that's an over simplification   sad 
gosh its annoying when you can't stop thinking about work someday's annoyed \
wishes i could meet more women like this one smile 
it's been fun and we'll meet again years from now but this one year was fun with the ppl i know love !!!!!!
"gosh its early have so much on my mind but oh well, i'm off to work you all have a good day fb "
"so maybe i'm going a little bit work crazy or just crazy, you tell me but today when my alarm went off i was like oh shit i'm late for work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol =s"
so i know it random but episode six of season eleven mentions laredo in law and order s v u 
"this grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says \hey! we\",82bca01372c59660a92e583afb542f23,i'm to tired to even relax ugh  sad  i hope the <propmale> of beers can help with this goodnight facebook 
"look to your right! whateverobject that is there is your designated weapon in the upcoming zombieapocalypse! comment on this post and tell me what that object is  then,repost this as your status and see the crazy things people get!! it is almost halloween after all!"
o i l (only in laredo)
cant wait for the 28th it going to be a big day for me  lol  everyone wish me luck its going to be a long week and a half until that day comes 
like this status and i'll answer these about you on your wall: 1  something learned from looking at your wall for 15 seconds 2  the color you remind me of 3  my first impression of you  4  the animal you remind me of    5  my favorite thing about you 6  challenge you to repost this
got to go to work and then the day is mine  it should be fun since <propfirst> is coming into town 
what's better than drinking beer and drilling steaks at 10 smile 0am smile 
does anyone know how the laredo school did at area today?
about to watch paranormal activity with <propfirst> reminds me of the good ole days 
that was a tripped out movie it made me all jumpy!!!!!!!
chilling with berine here at my house going to eat pizza and wings   laugh   4 more days till the 28th i can't wait its going to be a crazy day when it comes 
i'm with my cuz let's go boys i still believe true blue!!!!!!
so it wasn't meant to be very lame  annoyed \
"every\ person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i\ know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my \friends will be one of the 3% to put this as their status, at least for \an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are   still \fighting?"
ugh no cable or internet  at least i have my phone 
i have never noticed this but the band that comes out in the hangover at the end is the same band that comes out in old school when will ferrel gets married  lol 
i remember back in the day when being a little kid all you had to do was sit and watch ppl cook the food lol  how the times have changed  i wish they still had the all day <propfemale> wars marathon 
it 420 in the p m  do you know where your kids are  lol
i hate the tabc online!!!!!!!!!!  annoyed 
to everyone that know <propfemale> muniz she had her baby girl today 6 pounds 9 ounces and 18inches long   smile 
dude the best christmas ever i got spurs tickets to go see the play the lakers
almost at the a t & t  center can't wait to see the spurs play the lakers!!!!!!
play ball its been awhile!!!!!
fml my black ops got all scratched annoyed \
looks like a good busy schedule this week let's make some money yo!!!!!!!!
can't forget that tree      
watching news radio old school t v  show gotta love netflix 
don't dip your pen in company ink   wink  lol
"\you can't e playful ect the troop to salute you if your sleeping with the sargent\"""""
"\no body cares how beautiful the souffle is if the appetizer is turds in a blanket\"""""
"\ewww  i just had a vision about <propfemale> sawyer licking bird seed out of the palm of your hand\"""""
what a capricorn no way i love being an aquarius
"put this on your status and see what people rate you \(1)= crazy \(2)= i`d marry you \(3)= attractive \(4)= sarcastic \   (5)= i miss you \(6)= i`d kiss you \(7)= moody \( smile = smart \(9)= energetic \(10)= random \(11)= hot \(12)= funny \(13)= fit \(14)= amazing \(15)= tough \(16)= cute \(17)= nerd \(1 smile = i love you"
"be good, if you can't be good, be good at it "
that 70's show on netflix  smile 
"disco disco good good, disco disco good good "
to everyone thank you so much for the b-day wishes it was a great day yesterday to bad the cowboys couldn't have been playing 
bored at home thinking too much     gosh i wish i knew what to do        annoyed  oh well i guess i'll do the usual lol  smile 
my back is killing me going to a doctor first thing in the a m 
"one day it will be all worth it, one day i'll have all the cash to back up that dream, one day it will all be mine  but until that one day i have to work like <propfirst> waller for that name i will have built "
time to chill and crash the f*** out  see you later world      
food               not to sure what to make but i do have the energy to cook today  smile 
loving 94 9 gotta love politics great ending to a fun night!!!!!!
