b7eeffe19e125928ec2128adb136a2e3
grr thats bs im so pissed
facebook is weird i like myspace better
just relized that <propmale> brown is named like the <propmale> browns haha lmao
i love snow!  smile 
r i p <propfirst> sullivan ):
what does freedom mean to me?
my name is <propmale> = best show ever  laugh 
pink
watching the nightmare before christmas haha  smile 
"so, anyone have 7th period health with mr march?"
i hate my school ):
seriously needs more hair dye like right now!!!!
"\this is what happens when an unstopable force meets an ummovable object\"""""
dont text!
im <propfemale> tired ):
i cant wait till the 9th!!!!!  laugh 
"just got home , had a great day  smile "
"if you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button "
"dont be stupid, its not smart "
"needs money, i wanna go to the mall  smile "
a fire truck on fire? thats ironic    
dr pepper is amazing  smile 
got into the career academy for imd  smile 
going to the regal at 6 smile 0 to see <propfemale> in wonderland with <propfemale> and maybe cheyanne  smile 
about to go <propfemale> out with <propfemale>
"just got home, i had a great day haha  smile "
cant wait till tomorrow  laugh 
"went home early, kinda bored  cant wait till troys party tonight  smile "
"just got home from troys party, it was amazing lol probably going back tomorrow and sunday  smile "
camdens as straight as his hair  playful 
ogts all week ):
"just got home, had a super awesome day  laugh "
omg today was even better than yesterday  laugh  lmao  only one more ogt yay!! cant wait for it to be over!  laugh 
finally done with ogts  laugh 
going to the mall soon  yay!!  smile 
omg freaking amazing day today lmao  laugh 
only one more day      smile 
at megans  smile  she says hi!
"just got home from mikes party, it was awesome haha  laugh "
my name is <propmale> = best show ever  smile 
at megans with <propfemale>!  smile 
"at home, bored  ):"
watching step brothers  smile 
i dont wanna go back to school tomorrow     ):
not going to school tomorrow
omg dude theres like nothing on tv 
its peanut butter jelly time!
just close your eyes and pretend its all a bad dream    
im a magic ninja!  laugh 
if you are what you eat than i guess im a cracker  playful 
"top five favorite bands right now: him, twiztid, richy nix, dope, and icp      laugh "
down with the clown till im dead in the ground  smile 
last day  smile 
storms are fun
richy nix is amazing !  laugh     love 
"hey you cows cant get on this train, this is a people train haha  playful "
"good morning   watching back to the future , i love this movie  smile   "
so anyone wanna <propfemale> out today? i got nothing to do    
my mom got me extra high top converse shoes  smile 
i love thunderstorms  smile 
there not people there hippies
i just wanna mean as much to you as you mean to me
i can see your sad even when you smile even when you laugh i can see it your eyes deep inside you wanna cry
just got home   today was fun  smile 
i'm ichthyophobic
i like the richy nix version of airplanes better than the real version      love 
"just bought the heroin diaries, finally   smile "
i love dope     the band     not the drug      laugh 
yay for storms! i love being out in the rain      smile 
my ribs hurt and idk why      annoyed 
i have 66 silly bands and my sister has 88 i want more lol
"like\this status and i'll confess what i thought about you when i first met \you  post it as your status and take the challenge "
"just finished reading the heroin diaries, it was definitely the best book i ever read !"
"dont call or text, my phones been shut off for the last 3 days  call the house phone if you want need me  "
"phones back on now , so text me  smile "
"ii tenki desu & taikutsushiteru, fukouhei da    "
comment this status if you love me  smile 
had fun last night  smile  going to the plain city fireworks tomorrow idk what im doing today
"i love fireworks  love  had fun at the grove city fireworks and car show, cant wait till plain city tomorrow  smile "
happy fourth of july  smile 
whoop whoop you could never do what i do whoop whoop even if i became you whoop whoop you gotta let go of the envy cuz on your best day you'll never be me
thinking about dying my hair but idk what to do with it    
watching zombieland
your outta shape even for an american
"what is the difference between a baby and an onion? \no one cries when you cut up a baby \hahahahaaah  smile "
i'm athazagoraphobic  
"so far, my day has been horribale  and i'm pretty sure it's  not gonna get any better   sad "
i'm so freakin awesome!  playful 
korn!  love 
"texts?!?!?! send me a message if you don't have my number  \ smile "
everyone is stupid except me
today i learned that ozzy osborne was not the original singer of crazy train     i like his version the best tho
"my last status about crazy train was wrong, i just misunderstood what my mom said     so now the world makes sense again !  playful "
hollywood undead  love 
"spider pig, spider pig, does whatever a spider pig does, can he swing from a web, no he can't he's a pig  look out its spider pig"
my name is <propmale> is the best show ever!  laugh 
at megans   htc
"had an awesome day today  smile  \texts"
"i know this thing is <propfemale> old but idc i feel like doing it now anyway lmao  like this status and i'll tell you one thing i like, dislike, my first impression, and and a confession about you "
it feels really good outside    
family guy is overrated    
i miss my best friend !
eminem  love 
its so hot today i think i might die    
twiztid  love 
it is <propfemale> nice out today
watchin south park  smile 
deleted my contacts so text me    
actually had a good day today  smile 
three hour car ride and i left my ipod at my house  i think i might die    
new season of mindfreak woo  smile 
tell me a story about giant pigs
omg my gum changed flavor     <propfirst> to mint!  playful 
"movies later then football scrimige at 7  smile  \texts "
i need some new music  suggestions?
i won 20 bucks off a scratch off card  smile 
stride vs 5 gum  pick your favorite 
"just got home, its realllly hot out!"
i'm cold! ):
i am so bored  i cannot even stand it  i might die  and i probably will 
"ask me stuff  \http annoyed  www formspring me twiztidninja93"
eminem is my hero  love 
"schedule  annoyed 1 - 3 : imd \4 : lunch\5 : informal geometry - macconnell\6 : concept physics cp - sandall\7 : study hall (might change) - caperton\8 : english 3 cp - morefield"
wow i just said something out loud without even knowing i said anything    
caramel frappe  love 
listening to abk  love 
this summer went by so fast  im really not ready to go back to school tomorrow  ):
omfg my phone is really annoying me  it is so messed up right now  it wont stop having seizures and i cant read anything or type any messages  should be getting a new one soon !!
haha cant wait till tomorrow lmfao  laugh 
"today was awesome     except for one thing, but its good now  text me!  smile "
"ha, today was funn   smile "
twiztid and abk are the best!  love   love   love 
"listening to abk  love  and doing homework  annoyed  \dont text, phone keeps messing up again  annoyed "
idk what to do about this      annoyed 
"had a lot of fun at the football game with <propfirst> messenger , <propfirst> mcfarland , alicyn durbin , <propfirst> gattshall , <propfirst> edwards , <propmale> lizardi , and a lot of otheres lol  today was awesome  laugh "
i've been on tv 3 times so far 
so i'm pretty hyer right now  feel like talkin to pretty much anyone so text or message me!  laugh 
going to pilisa solbi hamrick 's house! text me!  smile 
the weather matches my mood cuz nothing is clear and it changes every minute 
"i finally got that monster i've been wanting but it's not as good as my memory told me it was  probably cuz it was blue, not red  still good tho lol "
football game was fun     idk what im doing for the rest of the weekend so hit me up if you wanna chill    
    bored  sad 
i saw a sign that said kids and i didnt see the k at first and i thought it said aids
non conformist are conformist by becoming non conformist
i hate study hall!
i really need new headphones
finding some really good bands  smile 
giant chickens!
i have no idea what's going on anymore    
fire at school this morning  epic 
"if i counted right, my birthday is in 57 days lol"
omg there was a cat in the school this morning and it was so cute!  laugh 
"listening to some twiztid, then going to bed    "
got my dress  smile 
"listening to rise against ! ( annoyed hmu  smile "
i'm bored  someone needs to <propfemale> out with me like now!
"listening to music  laugh      i really need to put more songs on my ipod lol      smile  \hmu !  laugh "
happy aquarium day!
just got home from amandas  bonfire later  and i guess my phones not working <propfemale> dont text      annoyed 
"pretty good day, for the most part  smile "
tired  going to bed  text if you want  night 
whys it have to rain today
+ _____________ = perfect couple   put this as your status and see who your friends pair you up with 
its peanut butter jelly time!  laugh 
the rest of the day is gonna be bad     ):
steak n shake  smile 
my chat thing is gone     wtf
happy thanksgiving canadians  laugh 
adventure time!  laugh 
like this status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds; 2  the color you remind me of; 3  my first memory of you; 4 my favorite thing about you
i cannot wait for abks new album!  love  *october 19*
imd project : create a rap  excitement!  laugh 
yeah so the woods in stoneridge park = haunted   creepy !
twiztid  love 
happy birthday eminem!  love   smile 
"watching 8 mile  smile  \happy birthday to eminem  smile   love "
i'm hungary  sad 
the regular show  smile 
abk  love 
my mom thinks i'm obsessed with eminem  laugh 
"if blue is purple and purple is orange, then what does that make red?"
i'm gonna rap about oranges 
i hate racist people so much!
omg wtf i can't find my blue hair dye  annoyed 
lmao i love this study hall
"loyalty, trust, unconditional foundation\builds everlasting bonds and relations"
"twiztid, abk, icp, dark lotus, boondox, blaze  love "
going to see easy a with pilisa  smile 
i need a ride to school this week  cuz i really don't wanna sit around for three hours doing nothing at school while other people are taking the ogts   annoyed 
"well i guess i have to sit around school for 3 hours in the morning, all week, with nothing to do when it is completly pointless for me to be there   annoyed "
awh i hate seeing my friends sad ): i love you autumn <propfemale> craigo !
its peanut butter jelly time! its just too bad we have strawberry jelly and not grape  playful 
ew i hate bacon!
courage is on  laugh 
inbox only: tell me something that you always wanted to tell me  stays between us! put this as your status and see what you get  playful 
"the cake is a lie, its not cake its a pie  whipped cream cheese pie "
i steal babies when they're sleeping and eat them 
upset  ): texts ?
faygo  smile 
never better than second best
i hate going to bed but i also hate getting out of bed 
15 days till my birthday  smile 
"omg i cannot get to sleep  annoyed  i guess i'll read or something  idk  if anyone is up, they should text me  playful "
damnn why am i getting so much hate lately
"hmm should i dye my hair black and pink, blonde, or black and purple?"
 heart-broken 
ice cream on a plate with a fork = skill  playful 
why is it so impossible for me to get to sleep -_-
i aint got nuthin to do    
emin?m  love 
no matter what i want i can never have it    
i feel so ignored d:
i can't tell you what it really is i can only tell you what it feels like
uh i think i have insomnia cuz i can never get to sleep     and i'm really tired too  sad 
<propfemale> girl is like the best song ever  playful 
"been up for 31hrs so far and im starting to get tired lol  but im probably not gonna sleep tonight either, i have a lot of stuff to do    "
"okaay, truth is   like this and i'll tell you  playful "
i love abk  smile   love 
lmao i wish i had unlimited everything cuz now i can't use my phone for calls till dec cuz i got bored and got on the internet and ran out of money  playful 
i really want a monster right now    
just because you're a parent doesn't mean you have to be lame 
i hate it when you want something to happen but it probably never will    
i hope i didnt brain my damage
"look at me, i'm invisable!"
"if you see this status, you have to post this as your status "
pretty much everything about today was completly stupid  
stressed
just pulled the most ninja move ever!  laugh 
school  annoyed  leaving at 2 to see <propmale> potter  smile 
<propmale> potter time !  laugh 
"only 2 days of school this week, yay  laugh "
i wanna see due date
on my way to <propmale>  long ride  text?
comment this status because i said so  playful 
life is confusing    
"awh, i'm lonely"
atreyu!  laugh 
i wish i had someone to <propfemale> out with    
i'm cold d:
don't you hate it when your leaning back in your chair too far and you fall and hit your head on something? cuz i know i do  playful 
i love snow  smile 
"looking at old pictures, i miss freshmen year    "
i have 215 sillybands
dealing with backstabbers there was one thing i learned they're only powerful when you got your back turned
"so, thinking of everything thats going on and all the drama that i know i would be in if i still went to central, i am so glad that i dont go there anymore    "
decorating our tree  smile 
i lost my ipod d:
i feel like imma die without my ipod      sad 
really annoyed right now      annoyed  hopefully tomorrow will be good
today was like one of the best days ever  laugh 
"at home, <propfemale> just left  probably not doing anything for the rest of the day  text!?"
i need a new status
watching the nightmare before christmas  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas!
favorite thing i got today : eminem recovery album  laugh 
i want some crackheads! i need to go to tha mall!  laugh 
i found my ipod!  laugh 
so i just bought 99 problems off of itunes but i didnt pay attention and when i listened to it i found out it was an acappella which means it sucks! and they didnt have the nonacappella version   annoyed 
i need plans yo
favorite   best memory you had with me in 2010?  playful 
"nvjfdghuirtgreot8u9qtuiqhtbnjb niot489ahfuirghjfhbjbvlzfghosahgjg shguthgghruhtwy8wyiphrisughjbn zm;zkajiaqu0195689-][wys;t;jkahlauipj,8ewy8okjoe=hksbg,sko;jtruieslhjquouhnjg"
where would superman be without lex luthor
color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
"no wait your kidding he didnt just say what i think he did, did he? and dr dre said   nothing you idiots dr dres dead hes locked in my basement haha"
dinosaur chicken nuggets  laugh 
now you can do this on your own but everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
i really dont wanna go to school tomorrow     how many days till spring break?  playful 
cookies!
"just got home, super awesome day today!  smile "
awh i hate being cold
oh no exams start today d:
i can't wait till spring
''what attractions would attract me?''
dinosaur chicken nuggets and monster!  laugh   love 
am i the only person who doesn't watch jersey shore?
anyone wanna <propfemale> out  ?
adventure time!  laugh 
i drink too much    
its penguin awareness day  smile 
the nintendo 64 is the best  laugh 
 annoyed 
"??????????????????????????\??????????????????????????\??????????????????????????"
steelers going to the super bowl yess  laugh 
hmm     i havent updated my status for a while    
its really pretty outside when you're looking out the window  not so much when you're actually out there lol 
"so, i never thought i would say this, but i miss central    "
moooovies  laugh 
courage the cowardly dog!
i am so ready for winter to be over!
i really want some cereal but we don't have any milk      sad 
how can <propfemale>s be blue when <propfemale> is purple    ?
today was awesome  smile 
d12!  smile 
"today was awesome, i love this weather  smile "
got my new phone so text me cuz i don't have any <propfirst>
i wish more of my friends lived in my neighborhood
get real or get out
haha i just logged on myspace     its weird there
"8 days till spring break, and 44 till summer "
tech n9ne!
these coconut m&m's are good  smile 
