b373bc90ad4e251c83824fb7ccfaf2b1
"wow, the sun is shining, no more flooding   my favorite saying about oklahoma did not ring true yesterday (if you don't like the weather wait 5 <propfemale>  ), yeah well, weather radio woke me up at 3 am or so and then went off every hour past midnite last nite   we live on a hill, so all is good here   thanks for everyones calls and texts to see if we were ok!"
"muggy and buggy day in oklahoma   that oklahoma weather saying, it's a lie, don't know where it came from, i think some senile old lady told me that     "
making chocolate chip muffins is not good for my diet!
"stepped out for a smoke before turning in, 2 smile 0 am, i can hear the birds chirping, cows mooing, coyotes howling, frog's ribbetts , i love the country!  oh crap what's that, a snake   i hate snakes!"
"delayed 5 hours, i hate flying!  but i love ny!"
but i don't wanna go 2 sleep yet!
"beat 9 kids up before breakfast, nice cool quiet calm morning on the deck at fire island   this place is beautiful!"
"taking the 3 twirps to the nyc for an adventure   statue od <propfemale>, <propfirst> island and <propmale> tut exhibit   gotta teach these okie raised what a real city is!"
"okay, someone tell my kids there is no money tree, they don't believe me   enuf shopping!  i need a vacation from my vacation!"
"happy 4th <propfemale>!  block party in new york, <propfemale> haw!, gotta add a little okie to the mix!  but severly missing the fireworks and hosing down the house!"
waiting waiting waiting
95 degree pool is not refreshing in 98 weather!
"saturday news reports, hottest day this year, sunday, hottest day this year, monday, hottest day this year, what's tuesday gonna be?   hottest day this year    "
omg one more kid to go! <propmale> got his drivers permit today!
"my oldest is 27 today, now i'm feeling old!"
"why do the dang horses always break the fence out when <propfirst> is on another continent! at night, lightening flashing, big a** hariy spiders and big fat toads  yuck, thank goodness for <propmale>!"
"4 5 earthquake at 9 surprise 6, i thought it was my imagination, or a tree or something hit my house   <propmale> said stuff fell over in his apartment, epicenter 6 <propmale> east of where he lives at   you could definitely feel the shift of the earth at the end of it "
somehow painting my walls turned into a whole kitchen-dining remodel!
"gotta love my boys, they are so protective of their little sisters   they don't appreciate it now, but they will when they are older "
"omg  mmmm  heaven  homemade cannolis   had to use foil covered piece of dowel for tube, but it worked    "
and the chili wins first prize again! now if i could just have that luck in the lottery!
"its abeautiful day for the okc zoo, gonna park my self by the monkeys"
"as long as it doesn't get out like new york, i'm good"
