9aab6e8bf9da3ef02bf5c0fe580233d7
haha i agree !! its a bit complicated at the moment !
anything ?! anything else want to go wrong this weekend??! going once   going twice   ?!?!?!
feel like staying in and keeping cozy  smile 
if it's going to be this cold it needs to snow dang it !!!!
hope next year isn't so crazy i could use a bit more sanity     
dang yukon and no power !! we had to sleep on a hardwood floor in front of the fireplace and if anyone has done that before you know it's not that comfy !!
frustrated with life       annoyed 
i hope it freakin pours !!!!!!!!!
ceasars palace here we come !!!!!!
wording a wedding invitation is really hard !! =&
excited about what i got <propfirst> for valentines day !!  laugh 
82 more days !!
i'm so tired of feeling like i stepped into a wind tunnel everytime i go outside !!  sad 
bored with my hair again   what color to do next   ?!
sick of trying to make everyone else happy; about to make it all about me !!! rrrrrrrrrr
gonna go to the arts festival for lunch today !! yummy yummy !!   smile 
rain + a glass of wine + my <propfirst> = perfection   love   love   love 
you don't even want to know how my week has been    i'm suprised i'm still alive  smile  lol
t- 18 days 'til the wedding =&     ahhhhh it's coming so fast !!!!!
r i p <propfirst> 6-3-2010
2 weeks 2 weeks 2 weeks !!!      smile   love   love   love   love   love 
last night was a blast !! thanks to everyone who came !! i'll see y'all again next sat  for the big day !!! yeeeeee !!!!  smile   love   love   love 
"weather-- i could care less if you rain today   rain all day and night if you want to, but if you rain on my wedding day i'm gonna be piiiiissssseeedddd    k?!"
got the marriage license today !!!!!!!!!! weeeeeee !!!!!!!!  smile   love   love   love   love 
marrying my best friend today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wish i could take off the whole week for the thunderstorms and sleep   *sigh* wishful thinking    
dyed my hair red !! and i lovesss it !!  smile 
bored out of my freaking minnddddddd       
ready to start my p90x !!!!
i don't and will never understand why people bring their small children to court with them    what a great way to remember your childhood     
i feel like doing something crazy ! like chopping my hair off or getting a tattoo piercing !!!  lol
sooo milla jovovich is upstairs shooting a movie sa-weeet !!
"i love when peoples boyfriends girlfriends have to make a comment on every single post someone has made on the others facebook, myspace etc   like really if anyone wants your opinion i'm sure they would ask you    hha"
"dear p90x,  \i hate you   that is all "
dress clothes and heat do not mix     thank the lord it is friday
thank you lord for a short week!!!!
so frustrated !!!!!
craving an <propfemale> garden salad and breadsticks and some chicken and gnacco soup (i think that's how u spell it) lol mmmmmmmm maybe for lunch sometime this week  smile 
"atchison, kansas this weekend  should be a bllaassssttttttt     "
another absolutely perfect day outside  smile 
my how i have been waiting for another long weekend  smile 
"i am no superman, i have no reasons for you, i am no hero oh, that's for sure, but i do know one thing is where you are is where i belong,i do know where you go \is where i want to be   "
i could sleep for days     
perfect end to a perfect weekend  i  love 's my hubby so very much !!!  smile 
blah 
ate waaaaaaay too much at the fair last night   but it's all so good !!  smile 
sitting outside of the courthouse is about as much fun as looking at all the people at the fair   where do these people come from?!?!
feeling like complete shiza      sad  better be an amazing game o state i'm going to suffer to come see you tonight !!
"dear whatever is making my head, ears, eyes, throat hurt and nose run  i hate you  please go away "
earthquuuaakkee !!!!!!  smile 
just want's to go back to sleep 
"wish i could still be in bed, sleeping to the rain        annoyed "
looking forward to being deafened by music tonight ; )
"last night was everything i wanted it to be! friends,pics with the band, everyones autographs, and a hand drawn drum cover by <propfirst> ! makes for a hell of a monday night!! still can't stop smilin' !!  laugh "
"obama: \we have done things folks don't even know about \""\",9aab6e8bf9da3ef02bf5c0fe580233d7,i just want to lock myself away from the world for awhile      
coming back southside sure brings back a lot of memories!!!
as of this morning my car officially has 200k <propmale> on it!     time to start savin' for that new camaro !!  smile 
love everything about this time of year  love   love 
sunday alreaaadddyyyy????  sad 
"be the change you wish to see in the world    \                               ghandi"
ooo what's that?!     oooh wait   no   that's just my dreams crashing and burning before my eyes   someone bring me chocolate 
 love  dreaming of a white christmas  love 
my legs feel like they got hit my a train      booooo  sad 
"got a feeling i'm not going to recover very fast after 200+ <propmale> home from tx,  another 32mi  to hinton for the fights, and back 32mi  home     in one day   sad "
"the westboro baptist church is planning on picketing the funeral of the 9yr  old little girl that was killed in the arizona shootings  i believe everyone is enitiled to their own beliefs, but something has to be done about these people!! they make me sick to my stomach, she was an innocent child god will be welcoming her with open arms !!!"
goodbye camaro  sad  you will be greatly missed       hello <propfemale> roadster  wink 
"to the people who keeps sending me those stupid requests to play all these farm games and whatnot, stop !! i do not want to play, i will never play, and if i even did i wouldn't play with you!!"
<propfirst> and i are changing our names to mommy and daddy !!!!  smile 
found out today we are 9wks 2 days today and due september 12th or 13th !! still doesn't feel real though!!  smile  yeee !!
"this whole no margarita,wine,hotdog,sushi,lunchmeat?, and medium-rare steak thing is already driving me crazzyyyy       "
had the ultrasound today we are 8wks 3 days today and due 10 2 baby had a strong heartbeat and the dr  said everything looks great  it all gets real when you get to see it!!   smile 
very sleepy girl today and this weather doesn't help any!!
chopping my long brown locks off tomorrow!!
finally get to put the top down today!!!  smile  !!!!
thank you god for weekends !!!
got to see the baby again yesterday morning everything is still looking great! it was kicking and dancing around! the further along the more excited i get!!  smile 
"between the weather, allergies, and whatever stomach virus i contracted i should have simply stayed put in bed "
baklava    yummmmmmm
does anyone else think the outlet mall they are building is the definition of tacky?? it seriously looks like a 1yr old did the color scheme  
