90e997dd0e9ef8407f46d27b2764e1fc
"thanks to all who have wished me a happy birthday, and for all your prayers "
"my holiday is going great   i spoke to my lil brother over in japan, and he sound great   i miss him being here, but i know that god is watching over him across seas   may all of you have a good and safe holiday, in which 2010 is the year that all will prosper  happy holidays my friends, love you "
"happy new year's friends, may your year 2010 be a successful year, cut all the old crap of 2009  it's time to move on to bigger and better things   be safe tonight, i love all your bones!!!!!!!!! love always friends "
"frustration, sadness, i will be fine!"
"many things are on my mind right now, just laying down and thinking !!!!!!!!!!!"
i feel good !!!!!
you never know how strong you are       until being strong is the only choice you have!!
doing big things!!!!!!!!
"through all of the weapons the devil throw my way, i continue to prosper with god standing beside me!!"
"one day at a time, my grandmother is now at rest with the lord  granny you're my heart and i know that you are in the best care  i love you, rest in peace!!!!!!"
"the third day, a little easy  next week saturday is surely a long way from today "
"planning, planning, and more planning  this day much much better  that family is doing well, but can't say the same come next week "
good evening fb another day has come and gone  my granny is surely being missed  i can't wait until the saturday has come and gone 
r  i  p <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> (1927 - 2010)
"<propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> is now laid to rest  she will be missed  love you much granny, it will be different without your presence, but you will live forever  r i p 1927-2010"
to all my fb family thank you for all your support i really appreciate it  love all!
"my granny was laid to rest this day saturday last week  today is her birthday          happy birthday granny, you are with the lord on you're 83rd birthday "
thank you fb family for the bday wishes and blessing  seasons greeting to all!
"back at the hospital, prayers goes out to my lil brother  staying strong!"
great faith operates under authority!
my students are happy they are completing a 15 <propfemale> research paper! i am proud of them!
"on a day your papers are due on monday the 23rd, and for b day your papers are due on the 24th  one shot out to one of my students in my 4b, for not knowing! yippy!"
