11f301730599f62a1192cacae9f06f97
wants to do something interesting 
bored as hell
"hey  anyone got some 8\ kickers subwoffers they wanna sell? haha"""
my new 50 ft tabletop is almost done  smile 
mccoy should have led texas to a victory   damn his shoulder!
"no it cant be bought, its something your born with, thats \what country is\"""""
ntowhat's on your mind?
rebelution has some of the best songs ive ever heard  smile 
so this is what love feels like   hmmm   okay lol
soooo pissed off i just wanna put some pads on and hit somebody!!! fuck this blows!!! ugh!
just feels like a screw up   i get seem to do anything right  i guess its my fault but why cant i have the one thing i want??
untouchable  smile 
u cant choose family    ur stuck with them   fml   
"pack my bags and never look back, run a parallel line with the rail-road tracks, and at the break of day   ill be a \runaway\"""""
"stright ripped into the chick that wrote the \screenagers\"" artice for munoz  smile  this shit should be like published or something haha"""
have a lot of work todo before friday   fml  oh well  its gona be a good weekend  smile 
"when u get home she'll start to cry  when she says \im sorry\"" say \""so am i\""  and look into those eyes so deep in love   and drink it up   cuz that's \""the good stuff\"" - <propmale> chesney"""
its my bday today  smile 
"went to see \wolf man\"" with the guys and it was a disapointment   not scary at all    but we got a kick out of it when he told his dad to kill himself   nate: \""aye pops   what are u doing after this??\"" hahahaha"""
hollister hills is the shit! had a great day over there  my bike is covered in mud  and i climbed super hill like 5 times  hella fun  but i already feel pain and tomarow is gona be worse    smile 
got the stats on my darts engine!  smile   its gona have ballz  smile 
am i a bad person??
"ive learned nothing is ever perfect   its how close you can come to perfect is what you strive for   and at that point, it becomes a matter of perspective "
haha i just noticed my computer is set up for webcam  now i wanna try it haha anyone got webcam and wanna talk?? d: lol
why is it so hard to know what we want?
"fixed my jump, then couldnt help it but to go tear it up again  haha <propfemale>"
one of those tough days that i just feel like everything ive done amounts to nothing and that everything ive done i should have done better   but i didnt   
"come on god   give this to me   ive been hiding out for too long   i feel it, times almost up  (hope i aint wrong)"
"i feel bad about it, but it had to be done   wants the weekend to be here"
"as far as i can see i got everything i want, cuz i got a roof over my head, the woman i love naked in my bed, and its alright, alright  smile "
my dart is sick! i cant wait 4 it to be done    ima keep that car as long as i live  few weeks and it will be driveable
"i wanna ride, i wanna ride, i wanna ride  smile "
"determined  unmoved  untouchable  untameable  goals in sight  task in mind  i know what i want, just not how to do it  but one way or another it will get done  it just might take me a lil bit   "
tied my p r  in pole vault today  11 ft   but my pole im on isnt gona throw me any higher and the new pole im trying is too stiff and i cant bend it well enough yet   idk what ima do for saturday   
i have come to the conclusion that i really dont know what i want in life  and that is why i am constantly confused on what i should do because i have no set goal to achive    it would be alot easyer if i knew what i wanted most   
damn   im devastated from the pole vault camp  but it helped me soooo much  im on the stiffer pole i couldnt bend before  my swing up is alot better   i bet i get 12 ft or even better at the next meet  my goal is 13 ft by the end of this year  smile 
"pole vaulting is worse then football    i have a pulled hamstring, shin-splints, and a brused heel (which is rediculusly painful) and i still pole vaulted at the meet today  smile "
"good workout at <propfemale> <propfirst> seed today  smile  chest, bicepts, and back-side of legs "
figured out another peice of who i am   
"life is challenging, complicated, stressful, and great  smile "
i think im gona have to delet my facebook   it got hacked by a virus   dont open any msgs i send u 
you tube http annoyed  baldheadshine com virtual-show 
you tube http annoyed  cseajudiciary org private-show 
"i will not allow myself to lose momentum now   im first in leauge with 13 feet (6th in ccs)   my coach is amazed at what i have acomplished in 3 weeks   but no im not satisfied, i will still cus myself out at practice   i can do better   i need to do better   i refuse to be satisfied with 13 ft "
"after doing a shitty job at the meet  worked with justic adjusting some things in my vault and im headed for 13'6\ or better  smile """
air band tomarow is gona be rediculous hahaha
"kc invitational next weekend   cant have another day like i did saturday   11 ft is not acceptable, im pretty sure im ranked first for our invite saturday but i gota atleast tie my current pr of 13ft   but i think ill get 13'6\"",2010-04-26 04:20:10""",11f301730599f62a1192cacae9f06f97,did ok vaulting today   could be better 
practice really pissed me off today   the track coaches r idiots   mainly ramirez
not going to third period tomarow  smile 
"i wanna ride, i wanna ride, i wanna ride  smile "
it would put my mind at ease if u would atleast txt me or call me   
whatever   annoyed 
my dart is coming together and will get started up for the first time this week
kick rocks
i really dislike liers   
wayy too lazy 2day  smile 
worked on the dart for a good 3 hours today  and more hi-performance parts came in for it today 2 
i need to fix my dirtbike   i kinda miss riding 
tired
the dart is surprisingly still on track for being drivable by fair   hope it stays that way  wink 
my dart is getting started up sunday! monday and tuseday we will spend time breaking in the motor  and i can drive it for fair!  wink 
problems with the dart again  annoyed 
is frusterated and tired
my phone got stolen  and my mom cancled the insurence a while ago  so now im phoneless untill i earn some cash to buy one myself  fml  annoyed 
sorry guys   dart is delayed one more day  annoyed  i hope it is on the street by wednesday 
fair! pure awsomeness for 5 days  smile 
what a night  smile 
i drove the dart to fair today  smile 
the dart is broke in for the most part  i wanna go take it out and run it hard to see what it can do lol
anything worth having is worth working for 
im tired of track but i dont wanna do football  i just wanna be able to chill in the afternoons instead of working my ass off  oh well  ccs this weekend  hopefully i qualify for finals
why do my classes have to be so difficult? i want it to be senior year already so i can chill
ccs saturday    annoyed 
tomarow at 9 smile 0 i pole vault along with the best vaulters in monteray county   wonder how well i will do   
its amazing how one little choice you make can change the whole course of your life   
im not a sinior yet   but can i enrole as a freshmen next year? cuz highschool has been one of the best e playful iriences of my life  i love it
choked at ccs   i feel like a champ  annoyed 
long weekend   but a good one
"\happyness on earth aint just for high achivers\"""""
got the throttle fixed on the dart and it hauls now! too bad the gill is broken thanks to my dad hitting a deer with it 
cac trip today  pretty tight 
"i need a good riding session, my dirtbike hasnt been out in a while and i need to clear my head  for some reason ive been pretty stressed lately   "
wonder if she was right? cuz if she was then i have some adjustments to make    hmh  annoyed 
the dart will be back on the road this week  smile 
im callin it  jets are goin all the way this year  they are gona rape  just watch 
im feelin great  smile 
im not someone that gives up easy  but how do u know when you crossed the line between persistency and stupidity?
9 surprise 0 p m  workout   i feel great  smile 
went to a huge ass gym this morning in riverside  it was pretty legit  and worked out harder then i have in a long time  smile 
this 4th of july is nothing compared to last year lol
fireworks were cool here in riverside  but this fourth of july was pretty boring 
"figures the day i acctually kinda want to go to football, i cant   "
off to football practice     annoyed 
life is great   smile  but today is not my day   annoyed 
went with <propfirst> and <propmale> to the pbr last night  it was hella tight   smile 
dart is running strong for mels run tomarow  smile 
just got back from mels poker run  it was pretty fun  the dart was runnin strong  smile 
"i dont give a f**k, god sent me to piss the world off  smile "
"follow me by uncle kracker, high by <propfirst> donahew band -- my new favorite songs lol"
paso fair tommarow  smile 
who wants to go with me to the barrel race (or whatever it is) going on at the fair grounds today?
wants to go to paso fair again 
"had a long night last night, stayed up till 4 with <propmale>, then topped it off with an even longer day today      good times  smile "
needs a phone!
another boring night    
who wants to go ride dirtbikes with me tommarow?? i wanna ride lol
my planned night fell apart  damn it 
"badass weekend at the lake with <propfirst> thorp, <propmale> ho, and chewy  good times  smile "
two weeks untill my summer is over   wow it went by fast  but it has been fun 
damn  first day of pre-doubledays running  im exhausted  im gonna die when doubledays come around  annoyed 
anyone wanna buy my bmx bike? lol
i hate phones 
wants to ride my dirtbike   
anyone have an extra samsung phone charger? haha i need one
dreading double-days    
"new phone  lost most of my contacts tho  if u have my number, text me with your name so i can save ur number "
lifes good  smile 
got my deer tag  smile 
from my driveway to highland hills gate and back in 7:12  smile 
i seriously have the worst luck with phones  annoyed    my charger just broke and its the only charger i have  annoyed 
"careful not to get burned, if theres one thing ive learned, the risk is worth the prize, no need to tell no lies, just go for it all out, thats what its all about  (bored)  smile "
football starts monday  annoyed  well it was a nice summer 
boring saturday night 
senior year   damn   where has the time gone?
another boring day of doing nothing   football starts tomarow  annoyed 
anyone wanna go deer hunting tomarow afternoon?
"ugh  football season is here  annoyed  senior year, gotta give it all i got   "
first day of football done   tomarow the pain sets in  annoyed 
great! now i have a nice little sunburn to go along with my sore muscles  practice today is gonna be so fun  smile 
sunburn + soulder pads = pain
deck of cards for conditioning two days in a row   rediculous 
ugh  guess its the luck of the draw   why was i the one that <propfirst> the short stick?
"football is done for the week  im destroyed, physically and mentally "
going <propmale> hunting sunday  smile 
is happy football season is here   but i want to start playing games already  screw doubledays 
untouchable  smile 
just got back from hunting  didnt see any bucks  sad  but still gotta love the hunting e playful irience  smile 
kinda excited for school this year  senior year  smile 
done with double days forever  smile 
the dart is back in the shop  annoyed  tranny went out   guess the green booger is better lol
untouchable  smile 
dont know what its gonna take  but i intend to keep fighting untill i reach my goal 
im lovin football  smile 
anyone wanna buy a hella nice dvd player? haha
god damn it  school tomarow   ugh  jamboree friday tho  smile 
"i dont give a f*#k, god sent me to piss the world off  smile "
like school isn't bad enough   football for another three hours afterwards just makes my day so much better  annoyed 
im hopin everything goes the way i want it to 
jamboree tomarrow  gettin pumped  smile 
"ive got my mind set, you can bet, i wont stop untill i get, what i want so dont forget "
ive never been one to belive you can't do something  its a game of determination and self-modivation  u gotta know what u want and want it bad  my mind is set   untouchable  smile 
i want to ride my baby  havent gone ridding in forever  its deffinantly overdue for a trip to the track 
"so i was told you dont look \king city\"" if your wearing vans  hahahaha  smile """
ba da ba ba ba    im lovein it  smile 
ugh   the thought of football practice ruins my day every time 
hey   you got somethin to say? hahaha
full gear thursdays  gotta love it 
game time  smile 
thanks girls   thats exectly what i wanted after a long car ride home for a brutal game was to have to clean up my truck   
boring saturday night 
hopin i go hunting today  i still gotta get a deer before the season is over 
went hunting this afternoon in reliz canyon  pretty cool
get there chargers!
anyone got any tips for dealing with shin-splints?
"so   for senior quote im thinkin: \doug! whats this chicks name?!\""   hahahahaha"""
four hour practice   thats cool   
full-gear thursdays   gotta love it
"leadership conference was pretty cool today, got so miss school  cant beat that "
north monterey county tomarow   gonna be tough  gotta give it everything we got 
diving touchdown tonight  smile  only touchdown for kc too 
my new power-balance bracelet is trippin me out  the thing really improves your balance and flexabilty! no joke
niners are gonna get raped!
getting the dart back this week  and it will be running better then before  smile 
full gear thursdays
anyone wanna go ride dirtbikes tomarow?
"pretty decent weekend   salinas yesterday was great, and football all day today  smile "
get there bears! haha
triple-digit dolphins was fun  and me and hearne tore shit up on scout team  smile 
thriple-digit dolphins again today? looks like it   gotta love football
easy day today and game day tomarow  smile  gonna straight romp on solodad
game time  smile 
goin through my parents old cds for good oldies   theres some pretty good songs in here
muscle cars are a lot of work   
wants friday to be here
football is gonna suck today 
scout team tally-points   love it   but i think <propmale> won today   
nate  you got handled in madden bro     hahahaha
can already tell this is gonna be a long week    
baseball sucks    get there vikings!
god damn vikings! come on!
i hate dolphins   
polenta and stew     the swiss know how to cook some bomb food  smile 
finally rode my 250   havent rode in forever   haven't lost a step tho  smile  the homecoming dance was a success as well  smile 
interviews for jfb tomarow   gonna be hella funny  smile 
hella stupid day  oh well   interviews was funny  lol
not looking forward to a four hour football practice   fml
four hour football practice   nothin big!
fml! shit is just goin downhill right now   no bueno
had a very successful weekend  smile  cant wait for mustang reminders tomarow   
god damn rams dude! way to choke!
dear <propfirst> farve   you are now officially too old to be playing football   retire!
last home football game of my life this friday   it still hasn't sunk in that i wont ever be playing football again after this season   
kc mustangs: #1 in state and #5 in the nation for most interceptions  smile  haha
last home game   better smash
got a new system in the dart and it sounds badass  smile 
ugh   5 practices this week   i love it 
"we gotta keep up that \king city swagger\"""""
finally gonna get a <propmale> to ride my 250 this weekend  smile 
new plyometric dolphins: the skip hahahaha
went riding at the hearnes house  it was down  ate it pretty hard off a 60 ft table-top but nothing but a few scraps and bruses haha definantly a success
its wayy too cold!
alot of u still dont have my new number   for those of u that dont have it   my new number is (831) 206-5323
the worst feeling in the world in my opinion is feeling helpless   definantly a feeling that can ruin ur day 
what time is it?   game time  smile 
insanity: doing the same thing over and over and e playful ecting a different result     i guess that makes me insane  lol
football is over   but im always gonna bleed that mustang blue!
just saw a pack of bmws pull out of starbucks   every driver was asian hahaha laughs
my ankle is all messed up from riding yesterday  annoyed 
hella tired from cutting wood today   back to school tomarow  annoyed    but no football practice afterwards!!!  smile 
"football season is over   now i gotta hit the weights for polevault   shooting for a spot on the record board this year, and ccs finals too  smile "
"bored   \inbox only: tell me something you've always wanted to say and it stays between us  (put this as your status and see what you get!)"
<propfirst> vick is a badass
gets to sleep in tomarow morning  smile 
<propmale> potter was a decent movie   lets hope the last one is better tho 
hopefully i get a <propmale> to ride my 250 this weekend 
anyone happen to have a small trailer about the size to haul a quad or dirtbike? i am in need of one for tomarow   
happy thanksgiving everyone
got to drive a beamer and saw a 1969 z28 camaro   successful thanksgiving  smile 
gonna go check out a motocross track down here in riverside today   if its pretty decent imma bring my bike with me next trip so i can tear it up  smile 
rams are leading the nfc west   yee  smile 
"got a sweater for \player of the week\"" at the football banquet      awsome  smile """
thursday night football!
wants to ride my 250
got the dart all cleaned up and lookin good again  smile 
hey farve is out! the vikings might actually win now! haha
is ready to let the dogs out  haha
wayy too bored   
got a $500 exhaust system for my dirtbike  smile  cant wait to put it on and go for a test ride  smile 
"got madden '11, two new fox hats, new motocross gloves, motocross goggles, an exhaust and an oil filter for my dirtbike, and a bunch of cologne   marry christmas everyone! cant wait to be back in <propmale> city  smile "
lets go rams!!!
how about them rams??  smile 
hmh   what should i do today?
good day of riding in hollister  smile 
"ddddaaammmnnnn    marshawn lynch is a badass, that td was sick "
damn   school tomarow  sad 
"monday, monday   so good to me  haha"
$30 for working two hours at a roping   not bad  smile 
this week went by fast  and its a three day weekend!!!  smile 
ugh   stressin  no bueno
getting pe 3rd period next cem  and gonna try to get it 6th period too   smile 
20 more days untill i am legally an adult
im gonna have to have my four wisdom teeth pulled soon  they are starting to irritate me  fml
lookin like its gonna be a boring saturday night   
missing school so i can get my wisdom teeth pulled tomarow   awsome 
anyone got an old skateboard they dont want anymore? im in need of one
got my wisdom teeth pulled this morning   wasnt bad at all
no school again today  smile  and i might not go tomarow  smile  but home isnt all that interesting ether   
at home again today   still look like a damn chipmunk  hopefuly the swelling goes down tomarow so i can go to school  lol
i can still taste blood in my mouth from getting my wisdom teeth removed  annoyed  and that was 4 days ago!
well   this sux  annoyed 
steelers are going to smash
i love superbowl commercials hahahha
mendenhall is beast!
they brought in slash! that's sick!
im not trippin  the pack is losing players left and right  and the steelers were down worse against the ravens and they came back   steelers got it  smile 
pretty bored   i should do something productive   workout? i think yes  smile 
"soooo   im hoping to get on the record board for pole-vault, but i dont have a pv coach   awsome"
"what a night   thanx everyone for coming, hope u all had fun"
shittyest day ever   and its my birthday  sad 
"like an <propfemale> in my head, i can still hear those words you said "
good workout today   i feel good  smile 
"meet me in the country for a day?  we'll be happy,  and we'll dance,  oh we're gonna dance our blues away   and if im feelin' good to you, and your feelin' good to me,  there ain't nothin we can't do or say,  feelin' good, feelin' fine   oh baby just let the music play    oh-oh-ohhhh \listen to the music\""  smile """
"im not looking for a love that will last   i know what i need and i need it fast   theres one thing in common that be both share   thats a need for eachother anytime, anywhere   its so \urgent\"" (foreigner)  smile """
u got the kinda lovin' that can be so smooth  give me your heart and make it real    or else forget about it      (gotta love <propfemale>)
workout   then crash out lol
finished my workout for the night and finally made my ballance board   it's pretty difficult
"watching supercross  these guys have it made   money, girls, and best of all they get to ride all day eveyday! must be nice lol"
"u don't always get what u want  but that doesn't mean u shouldn't try ur hardest to get it, cuz u never kno when u might just get lucky"
good workout   feelin pumped  smile 
anime cartoon marathon at nates! hahahaha
i wish it would just stay <propfemale>  i hate this overcast garbage 
im thinkin i need to take a trip to hollister very soon   its been a while since ive rode my dirtbike  annoyed 
gettin back in shape   feels good  smile 
had an awsome dream last night    huge rumble between kc track team and <propfemale>'s track team   we smashed  smile 
<propmale> stephens is gay  dont ever write shit on my status again u homo
wants to ride this afternoon!
pretty chill saturday night
since '84  smile 
damn   school tomarow  annoyed 
ugh   feels like its gonna be a long week  annoyed 
stressed  annoyed   need to go riding soon   always a great stress reliever 
"<propmale> hearne: \dude whats our number?\""\",11f301730599f62a1192cacae9f06f97,1st place for pole vault at watsonville meet today  awsome  smile 
chill weekend  back to school tomarow  annoyed 
rough night  gonna be an even rougher day  sad 
chamberlin meet today in pg   im thinkin first place for polevault  smile 
3 meets    3 first places  smile 
"ha, sometimes things are so shitty you just gotta laugh"
what to do this afternoon   hmh   
"whats up with all the \fruit\"" status's??"""
"with all this rain, i really wanna take my dirtbike mobbin through all the fields ranches haha"
anyone got boxing gloves and down to let me borrow them? lol
definantly ready for the weekend  hope i find something to do   
all this rain is making me depressed   i hate rain   better be <propfemale> tomarow  smile 
second time ive wasted my saturday on a bus just to get rained-out   gay
<propfemale> day = a good day  smile 
cant sleep  annoyed 
lookin like its gonna be a long night   
does anyone know how long callarmans essay is suppose to be??
straight handled on my english essay  smile 
whoo!! saco tonight with thorpus! gettin buck-wild and crazy! haha
four years of hard work paid off    i won the kc invitational for pole-vault  smile 
sunday recuperation   lol
chill weekend   watched a lot of family guy lol
