ef96cbb5465782fc619414421b6fcce7
beach tomorrow   anyone?????
finally getting my own kayak!!!!!  woo hoo!!!!!!!  pelican viper
someone keyed my car last night     they will pay!!!!!!
just goin through the year books     from like 7th grade    wow that was 15 years ago?? all the not so pretty girls i used to pick on are now so beautiful    i feel like an ass and an idiot     i'm gonna go play in traffic now    
icky weather     i was gonna take out the kayak today but        rain!!!!!
the worst part about being lied to is knowing you are not worth the truth
depression is a long dead end dirt road in the middle of nowhere     which is where i still seem to be stuck with the proverbial flat tire and no cell phone
"2 are better than one, because they have a good reward for their labor  for if they fall,  one will lift up his companion  but woe to him who is alone when he falls, for he has no one to help him up   if two lie down together, they will keep warm, but how can one keep warm if he is alone? although one may be overpowered by another, two can withstand him, and a threefold cord is not easily broken  ecclesiastes 4:9-12"
"is not afraid      they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me! if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world  most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it  god bless those of you who can do it!"
"dear <propfemale>,        i want a girlfriend for christmas     if you dont give me one     i'm gonna tell everyone you dont exist"
blue skys    sunny as can be     yet still too cold to stand outside and smoke a cig for 3 minutes     wtf!!!!!!!    wind chill warning till 10 am   wtf!!!!   at least if it was snowing it would be worth it to make a 7 inch snowman and watch it melt in 10 seconds   lol
copy this into your status and see how people rate you! 1) fun 2) quiet 3) attractive 4) competitive 5) nice 6) smart 7) shy  smile  stubborn 9) hard-working 10) intense 11) conceited 12) twisted 13) humble 14) gullible 15) sexy 16) loyal 17) caring 1 smile  neurotic 19) grouchy 20) friendly 21) hardened 22) unsociable 23) polit   e 24) selfish 25) airhead 26) confident 27) timid 2 smile  pushover 29) hilarious
please pray for all the people in haiti    a 6 1 aftershock just hit about 6 am this morning   i am rather concerned beacuse its is a <propmale> fault line and if one was to strike offshore under water     we could be the next victims via tsunami   i dont believe in the whole 2012 mumbo jumbo      but its looking more or less to be a possibility that we are in for a radical change soon
thursday and sunday nights  for 10 dolla majors make you holla     kill the keg night    fresh tapped keg at 930 till its gone--- all you can drink---and if you get the last beer when it blows you get your $10 back    whatta deal!!!!!!    right?   be there or be sober
midnight madness at the fair on saturday <propfirst> 30   10pm to 2am    $25    who want to go!!!!!!!    i do!!!!  i do!!!!!! call or text me 561-767-7587
dont forget tomorow is kill the keg at major's pub     $10 all you can drink till the keg is gone and if you get the last beer you get your $10 back    starts at 930 pm goes till whenever
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name    copy what it says and post as a comment to your self
i smell a revelation in my not so distant future      july       bye bye boynton     hello <propmale>
"come hell or high water (or some other natural disaster)     i iz movin outta boynton in july    i\m so excited!!!!!!!!!!"""
victory is only achieved by taking a risk
"whats on my mind?      more like what is not on my mind     i have some crazy friends    who need serious help beyond me cuz they dont listen to my advice anymore    yet they always come to me when they're stuck    and i'm always there for them    \sigh\"""""
notice: thank you for noticing this notice  your noticing has been noted    and will be reported to the proper authorities 
ho-hum-diddeley-dum-i-hate-the-single-life-boredom
you miss 100% of the chances you dont take
florida : the rain or shine state
"why is it that when im bored at work, i wanna sleep    but when i'm bored at home, i cant sleep!!!!"
its a quarter after 1 and im a lil drunk and i need you now    no seriously
is ___________?
"how would you describe me in 726,594 41795 words or less"
band at majors 2nite!!!!!!!   everyone come out and have fun
happy easter to you all    god bless everyone
"im almost willing to bet $5000 that some where in california   some time this year   there will be \the big one\"" (earthquake)    they are way over due and the entire pacific plate is becoming unstable!!!!"""
took the kayak out today for the first time in a while    mmmmmm     hot florida sun   cool water    and best of all    i didnt flip it this time due to spiders dangeling in my face
who wants to go canoeing\\kayaking  lemme know when ya'll have time off
"it research firm gartner estimates google's data centres contain nearly a million servers, each drawing about 1 kilowatt of electricity  so every hour google's engine burns through 1 million kilowatt-hours  google serves up approximately 10 million search results per hour, so one search has the same energy cost as turning on a 100-watt light bulb for an hour "
"sorry no crazy \facts\"" today    although i found out im most compatible with an aquarius"""
    i am no longer suffering from my insanity     now i enjoy every minute of it
lightning 4    dexter 0      this marks the 4th time i've almost been struck
arrrrrgh!!!
i wouldnt plan on visiting california anytime soon      
top gun is on amc      lol     classic
2 bed 1 5 bath water included for rent $850\\mo   sw corner old boynton and congress across form best buy     nice place if any one is interested
i seriously wish i had a dollar for everytime i've been rejected      i'd be fuckin rich    everyone says i'm too nice    maybe if i treat girls like shit they'll actually like me   i hate my life    i shoulda moved to orlando       meow!!!
"life is actually great     i'm alive, i still have my friends, and i got a job promotion at davinci's italian woo hoo!!!! 40 hours @ $10\\hr as the new pizza maker   no more 2 jobs workin 6 days a week"
sunscreen?    whats that for?                    ooooh                 now i remember
sun burn one day      sexy tan the next      i love being italian
"to all my fb friends: a friends of mine up north asked for prayer for a granddaughter and great grandbaby that need prayers now! their home burned down last night and mother and baby have been flown to a burn center  baby suffered burns on 60% of its <propfemale> little body  please repost whether you know them or not  miracles can happen through prayer   lets start a chain-go!!!!!!! please, lots and lots of prayers "
omg     being a pizza maker on a busy night is hard work     i'm not used to that   lol     its cool cuz i love my job and it pays well so i'm gonna be <propmale> soon   yay!!!! finally
do i purposely seek trouble    or does it just find me     lol
"why does my life have to be so complicated    yes   no    maybe   don't get me wrong   i like a challenge, its intellectually stimulating for me but what the hell!!!     i give up"
being a gemini    i'm flexible in my ways     its a curse    once i make a decision   it can always change either for my benefit or someone else or both    i hate being me    i dont know what to do
cha ching!!!!!!!     pay day!!!!!!     too bad i cant cash it till tomorrow   lol
arrrgh      work in the a m         ahhhh but the positive side   $$$ $$
ahhhh   home at last     sleep    zzzzzzz   
"the only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible \<propfirst> c  clarke"
have you ever felt like you were taking a test you havent studied for?
i sense both good and bad times coming   the question is:  where? and when?     the answer is:  no one will ever know     true wisdom is the fear of god and to love every minute of it
"i \i did\i did this\i did this to\i did this to waste\i did this to waste time"
gute nacht
and so begins another week
if anyone has today off    call me i'm bored    561-767-7587
there are four questions of value in life    what is sacred?     of what is the spirit made?     what is worth living for?     what is worth dying for?         the answer to each is the same        only love 
"it hurts to love someone and not be loved in return, but the most painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person know how you feel "
"british petroleum (bp) rep <propfirst> prescott\made a comment, \louisiana isn't the only place that has shrimp \"" next it will be florida isn't the only place with beaches      his\",ef96cbb5465782fc619414421b6fcce7,yay its almost my birthday!!!!!!!!!
beach tomorrow    anyone have the day off ?     call me 561-767-7587
"i think everything is back to \normal\""      yet i feel sad    why is that?    i wish my brain had an off switch without the prerequisite consumption of copius amounts of alcoholic beverages    \",ef96cbb5465782fc619414421b6fcce7,dont forget   monday is bring your velociraptor to work day!!!!!     mine ran away again a few nights ago so if anyone sees him     his name is bob    and he has a microchip so just take him into any vets office and they'll call me
"so i have tuesday, thursday, and saturday off form work      anyone have those days off lemme know"
well this should be an interesting week   so far it has started off by my hours getting cut   my best friend is in the hospital   and i got rear ended by a truck    
wish my car some luck    it goes in for surgery tomorrow morning     sad 
"the ballad of a dove\\go with peace and love\\gather up your tears, \keep ‘em in your pocket\\save them for a time \when your really gonna need them"
in light of all my misfortune and downfalls     i always find a reason to smile everyday and be grateful for everything i have and know    but more importantly    everyone of my friends
"wtf is wrong with me    i think its time to do a self re-evaluation    i am now entering \stealth recluse\"" mode"""
sink me in the river at dawn   send me away with the words of a love song
"so i got my car back   not fixed cuz its \totaled\"" which is just friggin great   but still driveable    anyone know any cliffs i can push it off of ?    im gonna go play in traffic now"""
"ok  so i've made up my mind   im gonna buy either the \p90x\"" or the \""insanity\"" work out programs     due to the fact that i've realized that man boobs and beer bellys are not attractive   lol"""
"i feel like doing some dangerous   potentially life threating activities    see more\\who wants to go skydiving?!!!!!!"
rollerskating is fun!!!!!!                about 200 laps later and being out of shape    not so fun    i hope my legs work later   lol
so i just got fired for no reason ::woo hoo!!!::  new owner took over today and the old owner told him to let me go     why?   i dunno
"there is no limit to love's forbearance, to its trust, its hope, its power to endure "
lawyers and all their big words is confusing   is it worth it to go after the teenie bopper who was most likely texting while driving when he hit me?
"\i choose not to follow the shadow of greed and by doing so my prolonged suffering will provide a much larger reward\""----me"""
i feel i have received a message from god    the whole world is beyond corrupt   we all must repent now for the end time is upon us much sooner then we think   its time to get ourselves in order and relay the message from god that jesus has taught us   no matter what the cost!!!!
"1\\3 of the bible is prophesy      90% of it is happening now   everything you see on the news today like war, oil spills, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, disease, famine, economic collapse its a warning to the entire world     heed the warnings people!!!!!"
i need a job people         please help!!!!!!
love you all     nite nite
2 hours in a mri machine sucks
"i am <propmale> of the castle for 2 weeks while mom is away    what to do, what to do"
sand and sun is always fun     untill you're cooked well done and bring half the beach home in ur bathing suit    i look like a mexican lobster
did you know that many of the stars we see in the sky at night    are not actually there any more   they burned out 10's of thousands of years ago and the light we see is still traveling millions of light years   and 1 3 will all disappear some day   read revelation 8:12
"today was a rather crappy day    first off (9am) i was up way too early so i was bored out of my mind all day, then at around 4pm just as i was about to make lunch\\dinner i lost power at the house for 1 5 hours, then i had to go to work at 6, one of my friends hates me, it was slow at work all night and then a bunch of drunk retards came in late   one of them puked on the bar   and now im home alone   wide awake  sad "
feelin a lil better about myself   made a new friend the other day   wish me luck   lol
well thats one way to start the day    i just took my grandma 2 the hospital for chest pains due to water retention caused by some trouble with her heart   doc says she should be ok in a day or 2 but please pray for her anyway
i was just thinkin     what if
"omg i feel like im in hs again    \mom's outta town\""      house party!!!!!      hey    where is everyone?     i dunno dude    dude    c-ha!!"""
3 day weekend    gone!!!!!!   in the blink of an eye
yay i got the p90x workout program!!!!!! cant wait to start    90 days from now ya'll be callin me sexy dexy
89 days
omg     what a day
p90x is kickin my ass!!!! 88 days left!!!
"love, joy, peace, <propfemale>, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentelness, and self control"
87 days
86 days
85 days
84 days
"it's the rain that i hear coming, not a stranger, not a ghost  the quiet of a storm approaching that i fear the most   it's the pain that i hear coming, i suppose that its the price of falling in love "
omg    the a c in the house is dead    its 86 degrees in here
meh    day 2 no a\\c in das haus
"yay!!!!   finally the a c is fixed in das haus    oh and my spirits have been lifted a lil bit    its time to bite the bullet, get my ass in gear, stop boo-hooin around and worrying about stupid shyt thats beyond my control, and get back on track with my work out program!!!!!!     wish me luck   lol"
if just for one more moment    if i only had one more <propmale>   
so close   yet so far  annoyed 
ummmmmmmmmm                 (place whitty remark here)
the soul that can speak through the eyes can also kiss with a gaze ---gustavo <propmale> becquer
attention everyone        i have some really important information     meow      that is all
so i have the next 3 days off   thurs fir and sat     whats everyone doin 2day
perseid meteor shower peaks tonight and tomorrow night     cooooool
the tree-lined avenue begins to fade from view  drowning past regrets in tea and cigarettes  but i can't seem to forget when you came along    ingenue
"as usual, friday the 13 lives up to its reputation once again, last night was           ugh!!!"
"tears streak across my eyes,\like meteors in the night sky   \without your love i wish i would die, \i promise it will last if you just give it a try "
non c'è niente di più voglio che essere innamorato di te 
hgjhvgrsryt6455l;;ohugfcyt5de5e675    4
"i know where exactly where you are, but you're gone, my friend, don't know exactly where you're coming from, you've gone astray, don't think i don't miss you, i think about you every day, i still love you anyway, cause' love don't go away, there's still this burning question, i got to know why?"
i wish i was special    but i guess i'm just a creep
another poem by me
oh look    a squirrel
"1 month down     2 to go      p90x is working!!!!   lost 2 inches on my waist   weight still the same    starting to see a lil muscle definition   60 days and i'm finally gonna be \sexy\"""""
damn squirrels!!!!!!!
wake me up when september ends  annoyed 
this is my impression of the tazmanian devil using smiliey faces      sad   smile   smile  annoyed \ :[  annoyed   smile   playful  :f  confidential  :% :$  surprise  :v :b
"i sense a great disturbance in the force     what if hurricane <propmale> hits new york city?   um     that would be \a very bad thing\"""""
"you wanna buy a duck?     a what?!    a duck    a duck?!   yeah, a duck     does it quack?    of course it quacks!!!       well how do ya know for sure?    because its a duck!!!!!     ok, how much?     what?     how much?    oh, i don't know, its not my duck         what do you mean its not your duck?!!"
"m r duks   no m 8int    s m r, c em wangs?"
"god asked me a few questions last night   he asked \do you have any negative feelings?\""\",ef96cbb5465782fc619414421b6fcce7,meow
new news   but not too suprising     1 in 5 americans cant pass a driving test   just effin great
i am counting my blessings right now   if i had crossed the street 10 <propfemale> later than when i did   id be dead right now   police <propmale> ends in bad car crash
i love you all!!!!!!!!!   just in case ya'll didn't know!!!!
hmmm     what to watch later     finding nemo sounds like a winner    mine! mine! mine!          mine!
yay   i got a job!!!!
"really?!!!!! you have got to be kidding me!!!!!  the boss from my new job just called me and said i have to wait a few weeks to start because the guy who i replaced \needs\"" his job  his wife came in and begged for his job back saying that they would end up on the street  wtf!!!!! why cant anything go right for me?!!!!"""
"so    i got an interview tomorrow at cafe bolo in boca, its an upscale coffee shop bar restaurant     oddly enough its 2 blocks from where i was just working   lol"
oook    lets try this again    i start another new job tonight at cafe bolo in boca   wish me luck!!!!
"new job was a success!!!!   i think they might keep me   i work with some hot chicks, the boss likes me and the food is easy to make    life is good!!!!       time to study the menu so i dont look like a fool cuz the boss told me i can make some serious $$$$$$$ if i step it up a few notches"
"why must i always be torn in 5 different directions all at once   oh! everything is great one day and then the next\just kidding!\"" why must everthing go wrong!"""
yeeeeeeee      hawwww  !!!!!!!!!   going to renegades tonight!!!   after work of course   i havent been there in ages!!
6 5 hours from now i predict i will be having fun!!!!!!
you would think i learned my lesson the first 300 times i got sunburn   but noooo     lol
im sick and friggin tired of going out of my way to do something for someone who doesnt give a crap about me!!!
loft two schleep eye gough
is off to work
i officially hate my life
somebody please pray for me   im gonna need it
"im walkin a wire, feels like a thousand ways i could fall  to want is to buy, but to live is to die and you cant take it all   when everything is said and done i wont have one thing left   what happened to everything that ive ever known?"
"god is good, beer is great and people are crazy "
there is only one thing on this planet i've ever wanted my entire life and that is         to be in love and to have somebody be in love with me
lust always wants   love always waits
is goin sk8ting at atlantis tonight
yay!!!!! tropical storm warning!!!!!!
omg   work is sooooo sloooooow right now   normally i hate snow birds   but now i wish theyd hurry up and get here!
halloween is coming     what should i be?
what a beautiful day today   i wish i had a convertible
off 2 wurk!      yay?
"oh the winter i adore    summer gone forever more   someday she'll come back to me    seasons change, set me free"
nobody pokes me anymore    oh well     its not nice to poke people anyway
"some drunk guy   excuse me   extremely drunk guy just asked me and my friend if we have ever played \hide the weenie\"""""
majors has buzztime trivia!!!!    holy cow    am i at the right bar?
horray for the trapped miners in chile!!!
i think its time for a new job already   this one suks   boss is always changing things and blaming me for something i didnt do
so im playing buzztime poker at majors   started with $4000   now im up to $16450   damn i wish this was real money
ive been burned many times and in many places   but in between the fingers by far hurts the most    owie!!!
sooooo   tired of working for mussolini   next!!!!!
"what will we do, what will we say when it’s the end of this game that we play? will we crumble into the dust, my friend or will we start this game over again?"
im good at special effects make up so if anyone wants i can do ya up good for halloween
halloween skate night!!!!!   yay!!!! can't wait!!!!
i is sooooooo bored
mmmm    lasagna and zombie flicks   yum
"just watched the premier of \the waking dead\"" series on amc   totally friggin awesome!!!!"""
"my goal for this week    quit smoking, find a job and lose 5 pounds    wish me luck!!!"
oh shyt   top gun is on amc
off for my morning 2 mile jog
yay!!!!! i got a job!!!!!    good things come to those who wait   lol
airplane!    i love you amc
bowling is always fun   especially with a few beers
yay top gun!!!
go fins!!!!
so i met a really cool girl last week   we have much in common   etc    hell must have finally frozen over or at least got a cold front  smile 
is not looking forward to being at work at 630am
miami subs on hypo and congress is open
is awake wayyyyyy too early  playful 
hmm    kitchen manager   i think i like the sound of that!!!
i survived black friday at best buy!!!!    im already home!!!
"is off to work now so if ya'll is hungry come visit me!!!   miami subs, hypoluxo and congress"
everyone needs to just pray reeeeealy hard to get what they want
swizzifizzer!!!!
"if nice guys finish last, i quit    its first or nothing for me"
i have tomorrow off if anyone wants to <propfemale> out!!!!
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this "
"sometimes your nearness takes my breath away and all the things i want to say can find no voice  then in silence, i can only hope, my eyes will speak my heart "
i wonder if    when it gets down to 30 something tonight   can i make it snow if i spray a pressure cleaner up into the air   will the mist turn into snow?
"at night when the stars light up my room, i sit by myself talking to the <propfemale>, trying to get to you, in hopes you're on the other side talking to me too, or am i a fool\who sits alone talking to the <propfemale>"
sooooo bored 8-)
yay!!    my car windows finally go all the way up!!
what we want is never what we need   so accept what ever is offered to you at the time for it might be what you need in order to get what you really want
yay lunar eclipse!!!!
"ya'll please pray for my friend, she's goin through a really rough time and could use some support    thank you and god bless!!!"
please pray for me
is on his way to becoming a better man!!!!
bowling at 6 then karaoke at 9     i cant wait!!!!!
"bowling and karaoke rocks!!!!!!   i had an awesome time tonight   thank you <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!!!!"
"--::: coming soon :::--  a ridiculous video of me when i was 18     wearing the weirdest jump suit man could possibly ever make, jumping out of perfectly good airplane, strapped to a foreigner of unknown origin and short stature   yup you guessed it   its my first sky dive"
anyone wanna go bowling?   call me 7677587
"im officially signed up for my 1st skydiving class and will be on my way to getting my \a\""  license!!!!!"""
"if your mom is your hero, your bestfriend, or just the best mom ever; if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven- put this as your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one mom \i love you momma!!!!!"
let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you 
"pain is the reaction of the body, and as long as you have the body, some pain is inevitable  suffering is the contraction of the mind, and unlike pain, is optional  don't add suffering to pain, - relax your mind and the suffering will pass "
is at church  smile 
only 7 more days till i go skydiving!!!   i'm sooooooo excited!!!!
is at work till 8pm if anyone feels like visiting me  smile 
5 more days till skydiving!!!!!!!
3 more days!!!!!!
tomorrow!!!!!!
im all good   didnt get to skydive today due to windy cloudy weather   but im jumping tomorrow morning with clear <propfemale> skies!!!!
the next person to post anything negative in any sort of nature   joking or not    on my fb <propfemale> will be removed from my friends    yes skydiving is dangerous   but so is driving to the grocery store!!! theres no need for you all to be assholes and talk shyt    what you say is what you get even if someone else says it!!! so please just stfu with all the stupid comments!!!
"today is gonna be a beautiful day!!!!   clear calm skies    but cold!!!!!    especially at 14,000 ft    in clewiston    at 120mph    todays wind chill with those factors equals about  -10*f"
just did my jump!!   im grrrrreat!!!!!
video and pics from my jump are up!!!!!
i cant wait to go skydiving again next weekend!!!!
skydiving again this weekend!!!!    can't wait!!!!
work tonight   bleh!!! skydiving tomorrow   yay!!!
jump 2 done!!!!   i did great
"i wish i could skydive all day, everyday"
skydiving sunday!!!!! woo hoo!!!
skydiving tomorrow!!!!!
level 3 done!!!   another happy landing
satan must really hate the fact that i'm having way too much good clean fun lately    so he decided to attack my job and cut my hours
is workin at majors for tonight!!!    come see me!!!
"just got fired from miami subs cuz they said they were slow and needed to make \budget cuts\"""""
"is back working at majors    again   lol    mon, tue and wed nights"
i am soooooooo bored!!!!!
i miss the smell of jet fuel in the morning    skydiving how i miss thee
im workin at majors 2nite 5pm till 5am    come visit me and get some beer and food!!!!
im workin at majors 2nite 5pm till 5am    come visit me and get some beer and food!!!!
beach tomorrow anyone?
beach today anyone????    call me 561-767-7587
is at the pool   anyone care to join?
click meow if you like this
i'm moving to italy!!!!!
just kidding   im not moving to italy  smile 
im heading to farmville to jump out of airplanes
jump 4 done   on to 5  smile 
jumps 5 and 6 also done!!!    2 more until no more student status!!!
"im no longer a \student skydiver\""   level 7 completed!!"""
level 8 and 9 done!!!   and i did my first solo jump!!!
