a7858f1c3c10135ed5587b6650624238
oh word?
so tired of the rain
ladies is pimps too 
"maybe it's not my weekend, but it's gonna be my year "
fuck shit up for one last week 
"whatevers gotten into me, i don't mind"
goodbye acton
"why am i trying to see, when they're ain't nothing in sight? why am i trying to give, when no one gives me a try? why am i dying to live, when i'm just living to die?"
coming home for the long weekend!!!
love my bitches  what a crazy weekend
is so insomniac
"not much, thirsty"
lifes a bitch
everyone knows i'm in over my head
so sick 
swine oink 
ughh the weather sucksss mann
"everything is okay, this jointtt"
and in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me speaking words of wisdom
"daddy i'm so sorry, i'm so s-s-sorry yeah we just like to party, like to p-p-party yeah bang bang! we're beautiful and dirty <propmale>"
its only teenage wasteland
i'm a survivor
"good mornin, ha-ha-ha-ha-haters"
i'm in the mood to get faded so please bring your finest
all i really needed was a friend like you
taking a huge dump
hating <propfirst> <propmale> 
feeling a little immature this morning
"bother me tomorrow, today i buy no sorrows "
"open up ya eyes, i'm a blessin in disguise"
getin some big juicey cock in my face to night!!! cant wait!!! xoxo
needs new friends! cant wait!!! xoxo
your using your headphones to block out your mind
rip jersey shore &hearts;
hey now bird wouldn't you rather die than walk this world when you were born to fly
"as i picked up my matches and was closing the door, i had one of those flashes i'd been there before"
"imma tell you like wu told me, cash rules everything around me"
speed limit 30
leaning ima need a kick stand to stay on my feet
true life-im addicted to google 
kill cooke
"once in a while you get shown the light, in the strangest of places if you look at it right"
watching m v f    sooooooohungry
whats 4 20?
let us die young or let us live forever we don't have the power but we never say never 
<propmale> anderton  love 
its a good night to be a boston fan
cincooooo
"first day back at work: feeding 40 retards in the afternoon followed by my coworkers and a group of 50 somethings getting drunk and playing two truths one lie: sexual version  rough day, scarring night "
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars,\i could really use a wish right now"
"9 <propfemale> paper, check! thank you emilyyyy"
 smile 
going to bed with the birds singinf me tro sleep
was there even ever a world to drop off of?
"oh lord, please send me an angel to lead me out of this place\send me away, far away, to better days   "
"all my life i've tried to make everyone happy while i just hurt and hide, waiting for someone to tell me it's my turn to decide "
"now i ain't sayin she a golddigger, but she ain't messin with no broke niggas"
packing up (again) and moving in to the new house  smile 
"even if the sun stops waking up over the fields i will not leave, i will not leave 'till it's our time  so just take my hand, you know that i will never leave your side   love "
"so when the devil wants to dance with you, you better say never, cuz a dance with the devil might last ya forever"
i live the dream of a starry-eyed sixteen year old  'cept its real   love 
homemade caramel apples and paranormal activity 2
i got tha magic in me (;
