cdca525a111f0ebbf2237fab911169c8
wonders what blindfolded bushwhacking would be like
just spent 8 1 2 hours in traffic from seattle to wilsonville
"bought a convertible, road in said convertible, ran out of gas in said convertible, pushed said convertible 100ft to the gas station, filled said convertible, and drove away in said convertible "
just got back and thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
packed in 15 minutes rather than the usual 5 hours  impossible  probably has something to do with my enitire wadrobe in the suitcase now   
is pretty much obsessed with the hand dryer in the bathroom 
is road trippin' 
is home!
is at girl's camp all week  it's going to be so fun!
watered the garden and the dog  mostly the dog 
partied with the spiders in the shed 
was hacked by <propfemale> 
is going to efy tomorrow!
is home  sort of   
saw someone brushing their teeth in their car today 
got a much needed haircut and has a gnarly looking finger 
is going ice blocking!
loves cake fights!
should probably read directions 
picked peaches today  then had peach cobbler  wow that was delicious 
is covered in bubble juice 
is going to sleep in a yurt tonight 
going to party it up with <propfemale> goodall on monday 
"wonders why technology hates her, especially when it is late at night and she needs to get something done "
eat the wasabi!
spent the day reading a book instead of homework  whoops? no wait it was worth it 
wonders why skunks are lurking near her open bedroom window  it's not appreciated 
has the unusual want to listen to christmas music 
"thought that by this age she wouldn't be spilling things down the front of her shirt so much, especially in public places "
made biscuits in the shapes of dinosaurs and unicorns!
"does not appreciate finding small cuts on her dry, chapped hands, by way of hand sanitizer "
hopes this scotch tape isn't toxic 
is addicted to jigsaw puzzles 
likes it when her little brother makes delicious cookies and brings them to her and gives her a hug 
"goose, geese  moose, meese "
oh ohno 
centrioles are like boys  enough said 
"dear amazon com, you are jepordizing my english grade  i can do that on my own without your help  thank you for being so willing to stall my progress but i won't be in need of that kind of service at this time  please just send me my book! thank you"
learned today that all polar bears are left handed 
"is snacking on sour patch kids  tasty, tasty, cannibalism "
is attempting to survive a middle school cologne disaster at her house  bring in the gas masks 
is thoroughly enjoying the wind--as long as no trees fall on her house 
"just had a single, violent hiccup "
recieved an letter opener staple remover today  the mutilation of innocent envelopes will finally cease 
paint fight!
is chain chewing bubble gum 
is hanging with julia(n)(s)!
hhaahahah
wonders why so many mysterious animals find her backyard entertaining 
"stepped out of the shower and while wrapping a towel around herself, looked out the window into the backyard where a deer was staring at her, eating some grass  she feels violated "
is playing jenga with her grandparents  go grandma! go!
painted the ceiling and then the ceiling painted her hair 
is going to see we the kings tomorrow! ahhhhhhhh!
is ridin' down to the st  <propfirst> rodeo  yeehaw!
likes: chocolate cake for no reason other than that there was a box in the pantry and her brother likes to bake 
just glanced up to see an abnormally large spider advancing on her 
is still practicing that whole swallowing thing  white grape juice out the noise is not super pleasant 
may or may not have just given herself food poisoning but the fish smelled delicious and the internal thermometer was ineffective  only time will tell   
will finally remove the bags of tamale flour that have spilled open and mixed with an open water bottle in the trunk of her car  those things have been cooking in the heat and confines of the trunk for 2 years 
walked home with a skull in a tupperware box today 
makena peacock is the best roommate and other half in the whole entire history of the world!
enjoys herself a good pumpkin-chocolate-chip pancake 
got a package! thanks for the cookies little brother!
should probably stop grating her fingers 
is jealous of makena peacock 's ability to get a dwarf mongoose named after her at the oregon zoo 
may be able to write a suprisingly decent 11 <propfemale> paper in a single night but this is less than helpful when the essay requirement is strictly 6-7 <propfemale>s  whoops 
"\there is a reason you can get a phd in quantum mechanics but not women  some things are too confsuing to attempt to teach in school \"" -- <propfirst> <propmale> rugg"""
probably had the most adventurous (and heart-pounding) grocery shopping e playful erience ever with maryelle <propfemale> redd
hockey game!
wants to wish you a happy mole day!
feasted on foil dinners on the <propfemale> tower 
maryelle <propfemale> redd loves <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> more than word can even e playful ress so i shan't try
i'm skipping through splendidly crunchy leaves 
"enjoys being on high things, like 6'4'' shoulders "
wow  i am so thankful for such wonderful friends like <propfirst> <propmale> rugg !
rivaling favorite disney movie: tangled
"is a little concerned that her roomate makena peacock converses with a bag of slivered almonds named \joey\"" """
final final!
talking to my grandparents on skype  smile 
i never thought seeking out cosmo and hiding in a secluded place with him would be the goal of my evening 
today in history of creativity i learned that <propmale> da vinci was the inventor of rotisserie chicken 
you know it's a good day when you discover and retrieve a bag of at least 50 tortillas from a snow bank leaving the costco parking lot 
"\this is semiridiculous!\"" -makena peacock"""
making a zoo of sugar cookies with <propmale> hasler  50 different animal cookie cutters!
my family's coming to visit me!
won a pie eating contest on pi day  success 
is saturated with multicolored powder 
the event of the weekend: pumping gas for the first time all by herself  be proud 
