18e9e164509a61b2687c64bf7f3474c3
working on an intellectual property--thought would take only 1 week   it has been 2+ week now    sad 
is going to la today and will be back on tuesday 
"waiting to meet my friend, <propfemale>, and the kids, in d c  westin, near the capital "
"i am almost a free man now!  starting from tomorrow, i will work from home    smile "
first day working from home!!!
"i had a car accident yesterday!!! it wasn't very bad but certainly not minor   if anybody in mn knows of any good and reasonably priced mechanics?  but if the cost to fix is too high--it is probably make more sense to buy another one   i try to limit my e playful enses--due to starting my own business now   if you know someone who is selling their car, please let me know too   thank you very much!"
"entrepreneurial road is truly very interesting--lots to learn, some maybe so trivial but very insightful   lots of that have to do with survival   lots of continued development in emotional maturity too!"
"i am so tired--with my business--tons of works to do for one person!  give some moral support, please!"
"panot prakobkul , happy new year  i just talked to your sister, on the phone  see you this year probably in june or july \\taew panita , good talking to you on the phone na <propfemale>  thank you for your invitation to <propfemale> too  likewise, if you ever curious about the white winter or nice summer in minnesota, you are more than welcome to come and stay at my house anytime na <propfemale> "
"does anybody have problem with facebook, particularly with firefox?  it has been slow for me for few weeks   it take a long time to load another <propfemale>   it seems faster with internet e playful lorer   any suggestion?  i don't know if i have any plugins that cause this "
"does any one have a problem accessing inbox, \oops! something went wrong  we're working on getting this fixed as soon as we can  you may be able to try again \""? i can't access to the mails in my inbox   help!"""
i miss home--thailand!
"finally, leaving for thailand on march 16th, returning on april 14th    smile "
leaving tomorrow for thailand!!!
done packing and cleaning my off (the entire house actually--b c my stuff were all over the place) last night at 2 am   now ready to go!!!
landed safely in bkk 
"just woke up in thailand!!!  not to hot, but very humid   let's see if i survive the first hot day    smile   but good to be home, nonetheless!!!"
day three back home   the heat is killing me   i still need to get used to being around my family again    sad 
"going to udon thani tonight, will be back in bangkok on saturday morning"
tonight is my last night with my family   i already feel homesick!
"i am back in minnesota   i am amazed how much i am missing the heat and humidity there   i thought it was so nice to be around family, particularly to be with my father   my best moment is when i accompanied him to the hospital for his check up   but now, i feel a lot nicer about the time with my family "
"second day after returning from home, homesick is worse "
i was away for a month   now i feel i have to actively get familiar with life here again   how come my memory is so easily replaceable?
"it is ok that we don't want to listen to opposite thoughts, but it is not ok, particularly for democracy, if we do not listen "
"i think if the new balance point for thai society (if exists) has to be more fair   the voices from rural areas of the country must be heard more, not only by the government, but also by middle class "
can't focus on my work!!!  so stressful
"just submitted the business plan for the final round--heading out to the farm, no internet for the weekend  ha ha ha   smile "
"the problem in thailand has been deeply rooted for a long time  thaksin didn't create this problem, he just aggravated the already-existing problem  so even the situation may get better, but it will be only temporary calmness "
"\ ????????????????? ????????? ????????? ???????????????????????? ??????????????????????????? ????????????????! ????????????? ???????????? ??????????????????? ??????????????? (???) ???????? ???????????????????\"" - (????????? ??????????)"""
a little action i could do for the moment is to get people to think and have dialog (not just think on your own and only talk to someone who already agree with you)    it is important for democracy that we cultivate diversity and encourage all side of thoughts to speak out for their opinion to be objectively considered and implemented if appropriate 
"while i know that the current disorder in bangkok is so overwhelming, i think, regardless of the success to contain or disperse the demonstration, it is equally important to discuss about what would be next after the coming election--even it could be at the normal schedule, a year+ out from now "
"an assumption of a universal truth is certainly invalid and very undemocratic  we must open for respectful different opinions, even for a very sensitive issue to us personally "
"just have a thought!  with the current situation in thailand, many people e playful ressed their discontentment for the out of law and order in thailand   i felt the same   but a thought just hit me   "
"i think these so-called effort to protect the <propmale> is like adding water to a river and claim to help the river flow   it just doesn't add any true value   there is plenty of water in the river already, that effort is so insignificant   it is just an emotional outbreak, lack of intellectual investment   on the other hands, it just deepens the conflict and devision in our country "
"if i had the power to stop all this confusion in bangkok or thailand, i would still let this go on "
does anyone see the similarity of people reaction between the thai conflict now and the us economy downfall in 200 surprise 9?  i mean the voice of [poor or middle class] people again the upper income?
what can we do?
"it always have to start from ourselves  how can we be less materialism   following the <propmale>'s sufficient economy? are there anything we do that are already good, but can be better to help our country, our community? this is not sarcasm  i truly ask this question for myself  hopefully it leads to a good constructive brainstorm "
"sad         some of you might know i was competing in a business plan contest (a real one, not for school project--the grand prize is $50k)   well, i was in the top 8%, 20 of 300+, but didn't pass to the final round   well the game is back on   i am back on the fighting stage again!"
just finished reading 330 patents     my head is e playful loding     i am going to swim 
"caution on patient privacy and \confidentiality"
??????? after touched ???? was so painful     i just learnt about this 
another lost      and rejection      this is just a beginning!
"what is about \????????\""?"""
"an interesting observations annoyed it is not quite true that people stop helping each other when we turn on the survival mode or when resources are limited "
just finished working on a 20-page meeting document for gate review meeting this friday     feel a lot better!  but still have to prepare for the presentation!
why do i feel so isolated?  am i?
"avisory gate review meeting in 30 minutes, \go\"" or \""no go\"" discussion today """
"looking at lots of pictures from my secondary school reunion   it was impressive  wish i were there   can't recall who started the idea or how the idea started, but want to give two thumbs up for the organizers "
at my lowest performance today    sad 
"my father (75 years old engineer) refuses to use internet or email or skype   i wonder if ipad would make him feel better to use internet?  thoughts or e playful erience?  ipad with pre-internet seniors \\does ipad has thai keys?"
done for break    go shovel snow again!!!
"how are you krub, p'????  long time no see, but i heard about you from hneng, somyot   where are you krub?"
just finished my research strategy     surprisingly and amazingly frustrating!!!
"tamon cha, ning is here krub "
