ad9f9b5ddc6677c641e75dde9f698f65
only 3hrs and 15min to go!! go 2010!!
having a lazy day! haha i needed this! (a vacation from my vacation)
<propfemale> bored!!!! i really should think of better things to put here    haha
"going to bonfire today!! so psyched!  smile  (yes i just said \psyched\"")"""
bonfire was awesome!!! still tired    haha
   hmmm     ok i give up     laugh  but i will find something to put here later!!!
"spent all day in boston, now going to go see fireworks!!! yay! e playful losions!!"
happy 233rd birthday <propfemale>!!!!
    <propfemale> days win    haha its official
this status is deffinitely not about the weather    
decided being exhausted from actual physical work beats being tired for no reason at all  laugh 
going to berkshires sunday-wednesday! haha middle of nowhere here i come! (i know u missed me)
ok nevermind ignore my last status  laugh     <propfirst>'s coming wed-sun and then i go there next sun to wed  and fair thursday!!! yay!!
fair yesterday was awesome!!! today going to the beach!
going to the berkshires tommorow!
in the berkshires! (i added caps to make it more exciting)
is home! finally  laugh 
went to the beach! luckily didnt get burnt this time! haha
todays menu: nothing with a side of nothing and wonderfull nothing sauce of boredom    haha
shadows help us realize that for every light there is a darkness 
"\i guess one man's trash is the next man's treasure  one man's pain is the next man's pleasure \"""""
"   going to start my summer reading    thats right \start\""  laugh  haha"""
already almost done with feed! it's actually not as bad as i thought itd be  laugh 
finished feed!! 1 down 1 to go!
just noticed that todays my half birthday!!!
bout half way done with the namesake!! which is actually not as bad as i thought it would be   
school starts in a week! and yes i kinda just relaized this not too long ago  laugh 
"going to soccer practice, wish me luck!!"
finally doing my spanish summer reading haha   
school tommorow! (for those of you who haven't yet noticed)
first day was fun!! back to procrastinating homework again!!
soccer was exhausting!! being tackled by fat kids isnt exactly what i was hoping for in our first scrimage  laugh 
game in nantucket tommorow!! wish me luck!
game was slaughter at nanutcket yesterday   
thunder storm!!
just got back from soccer    thts right just  stupid sagamore bridge repairs! >=[
1-1 sturgis jv vs  falmouth academy!! amazing game!!!
procrastination    it finally caught up with me  laugh  haha
don't know exactly which team we're playing  laugh     but theyre going down!
lost 4-2 but they had 20yr olds <propfemale> yeah i think that was pretty good  laugh 
heavy rain = awesome
"i found an agenda in my backpack    umm theres no name in it haha  if your missing yours and you take geometry, chemistry, theater, and i think latin 3 then let me know    and yes i checked  laugh "
jv ties 2-2!!! <propmale> scored a goal!! and i lost my voice from singing songs on the way back   
"sturgis lights game tommorow!! then <propmale>'s afterwards! jv at 5 smile 0 varisty at 7, come support us!"
going to krystals party!  smile 
psat's and playing nantucket tommorow    oh it's going to be fun day   
i now officially declare tommorow will be the best day ever    so it better be!
<propmale> is here!!! yay
"basically no homework!!! finally i can get some sleep!! game tommorow at weymouth, getting pumped already > smile "
half day tomorrow!! = no homework and no soccer practice tommorow either!! finally i can relax  laugh 
can't wait for spirit week!! pj's here i come > smile 
not feeling too well  annoyed  and not sure what to be tommorow    well see how this turns out
brrraaaiiinnssss!!! (zombie twin day tommorow)
halloween!!! > smile  mwuhahahaha
had way too much <propfemale>    can't stop eating it!!! i think i'm addicted
my brother's shadowing tommorow!! (his name is <propfirst>    this way you all can pretend to know who he is  laugh )
playing an old pokemon game i just found   im that cool  laugh 
connor + will + my house + me = badonkadonk
"as we speak i am in bestbuy, saw the box and still confused   "
can't believe how fast i actually finished my hw when i put the phone away  laugh 
might go see 2012 soon!! homework    yet to be determined
vacation =  a necessary break from the torture that is called school 
happy thanksgiving!! watching the parade on tv  laugh 
just finished eating  stuffed   but still room for desert   always room for desert > smile 
    homework we meet again    
<propmale> keefe is over!!!
just got back from the mall  dance tommorow should be fun!!
looking up how to tie a tie     laugh  semi later!
liked the semi!! but didnt like the music choice much    and sorta diappointed  thisll just make the next one even better!!
snow!!! finally! hope it lasts  smile 
snow day!! another excuse to procrastinate!
<propfemale> christmas everybody!! (even if i dont celebrate  laugh )
aww the snows melting   
just saw avatar    what an awesome movie!!
"hey there 2011 nice to meet you, please dont suck  thanks "
oh homework how i missed you   
r i p  skipper  sad  (btw thats my parakeet if you dont know  laugh )
midterms    joy   oh so much joy
midterms are over!!!! badonkadonk with connor read
i'm on a boat was nominated for a grammy!!! my life is made  laugh 
no school tommorow!!  smile 
only one more day till vacation!!
watching the olympics!!!
three days concert later!!!
    sooo tired from the concert
can't believe only 3 more days till vacations over!! noooooo!!!
last day of vacation    and last day of being 15!!
yes!! 16 now! always thought itd be so far away  laugh  haha
feeling a bit better   probably going to school tommorrow  laugh  now that my homework from yesterday is finally done
had lots of fun at <propfirst>'s party!! exhausted now though   i didn't know i could be this sore   curse you ke$ha and lady gaga  
was in school almost 12hrs today haha  
just got back from d i  regional championships!! we won!!! now to prepare for states    fun  
i actually woke up this morning feeling like p  diddy   
    why am i still obsessed with rise against?!
refereeing classes all day    sooo exciting
got my refereeing badge!!
   just figured out i really like raggaeton   i guess my latino blood just kicked in  laugh 
3rd place at d i  state championship!!
sometimes i wish i could just flip a coin to make a decision   haha
ahhh! so close to april break    but yet so far   
sometimes i wish i was ash ketchum    but anyways   party later!!  laugh 
really fun weekend!!! and now homework   the ultimate killjoy
vacation!!!!
i think 6 free ice cream cones for the day should do it   
after 3 months i can once again download music!!!! here goes to a long night   
need to find someone who can take of my dog (watson) between july 19 and august 3 while my family is in morocco  anyone interested?  laugh 
good job at fools everyone!! it was awesome!!
reffing    then carwash    then <propfemale>'s  sounds like a good day  smile 
it feels like summer!!!    but i still have hw d:
"so, god made <propfirst>  <propfirst> was walking around one day and realized that he was lonely, so he asked god for a companion  god said, \i can make a woman for you  she will cook and clean and do everything you ask her to  she will wait on you hand and foot  she will be so beautiful that you won't be able to take your eyes off of her  it's gonna cost you an arm and a leg"," though \""\"ad9f9b5ddc6677c641e75dde9f698f65,gotta find a home for watson for july 19 - august 5    willing to pay $100 if anyone's interested?
i now declare it summer!! (even if it sorta isnt yet   )
summer needs to come now   
i think canada is trying to smoke us all out of <propfemale>   first step to taking over the world
"if you like this status, i will post on your wall something i like about you  make this as your status if you want a challenge "
ahh ok 2 down    5 more to go   then summer!!! i can do this   
math english and theatre to go   time to study   hahahaha who am i kidding
is now officially a <propmale>!!
portugal wins against north korea 7-0!! poor fake north korean fans   
watching chile about to kick brazil's ass
ignore my last status    i forgot you cant be optimistic when playing brazil   
exactly two weeks till morocco!!
finally got my permit! barely   but still got it!
well gyan finally screwed up   so dissapointed in ghana  my african pride is killing me haha
beach was fun    morocco in 10 days!!
espana va a ganar la copa mundial!!
spain wins!!! spain wins!!! espana!!!!  laugh 
going to rome tommorow! then morocco!!
flight delayed till 9:45    wont get to rome till noon there  8 hour flight   thats right im time travelling!
in morocco finally    after a long   long trip
haha moroccan chicks keep checking me out  laugh  and im actually one of the whitest people here haha
soooo many knockoffs at the market here  laugh    today i dined on snails and water from a goatskin  everyone should be jealous  playful 
food poisoning is soooo pleasant   especially when its 100 degrees   
"now in marrakech, suprised i even have connection here    saying it is hot here would be a huge understatement  "
bought a knife sword thing at the market!!
correction to last status   what i bought is in fact a dagger   im not sure security will like that
"leaving for airport tonight, getting home 1pm   finally get to relax"
just got back from morocco only to get a ride from the airport by an algerian in 90 degree weather   not exactly as much as a <propfirst> as i was hoping
jet lag sucks    its lke midnight in my head right now
great day today  smile    but mini golf is not really my thing  
"found a fanpage called \omar is the best person to play hide and seek with in the dark becuase he blends camoflages into the darkness\"" finally someone understands me  """
enjoying my last day of food and water till september 10th   happy ramadan everyone   
hungry already  
    im in a tent
finally starting summer reading
just finished a long way gone   kite runner to go  
hanging out with some loser by the name of <propfemale> kreitzer today  
just woke up   im so gunna miss summer
just noticed todays my half bday!!  laugh  unimportant   but exciting
well i finally finished my august 1st spanish post   now to read kite runner in a week   isn't procrastination great??
soccer + ramadan = a great way to lose 5lbs in 4hrs  
just found out im part native american   thanks google
    oh look at that school today   yay   
first day of school over with   how long till next vacation??
thank god for <propmale>   two days of school was already too much
i think ill try this year   starting right after i get off facebook  
"<propfemale> kreitzer said her brother smells \yummy\""   idk how exactly that makes me feel  """
halo reach   enough said
"going to <propmale> <propfirst>'s fair with <propmale> <propmale> !!! and oh yeah <propfemale> ohm, <propfemale> ohm ad he bf   hahahaha   and oh yeah some chick called <propfemale> kreitzer? we're that cool  "
i got a goal!! yeah no big deal or anything   i mean it happens all the time 
sick   
truth is  ? idk i may regret this
guys vote for me for <propmale> rep!!
just got my ass kicked by my girlfriend at halo     
anyone willing to sell a ti-84?
me + voleyball scrimmage + body paint = great idea
scored a goal!!  laugh 
wear green tomorrow juniors!!! or ill kill a baby   ok not really but wear green anyways  
i am a ships and sailors master
my tok essay is by far the worst thing i've ever written  
i am a full 69 inches tall  smile 
still tired from that party   
had a weekend to do it   english essay here i come   
left my math binder at school when i have a test first period tommorow   along with all the homework collected   which is in the binder  oh did i mention that i barely know the chapter and haven't done the hw? i can smell the fail already   
if there was a word stronger than pissed id be using it in this  
fooooooddddd!!!!  laugh  i love thanksgiving
suprisingly listening to kid cudi sing about weed helps me do my homework   
cool my internets dead   
happy pokemon picture month!! (yes this means set youre pic as a pokemon    now)
i have figured out a solution to my pokemon cartoon character dilemma    i will now switch between arcanine and aladdin every day 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday, dec  6th  join the fight against child abuse and copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
i just howled at a coyote outside   and it howled back   yeah im that cool
2 essays to do    there better not be school tommorow
so apparently now i like soukous music cause we talked about it in english class once    only at sturgis would this happen
"turned in my essay at exactly 5 surprise 0pm, which was the deadline    talk about procrastinating"
not that i celebrate christmas   but have a <propfemale> one? is that how it goes?
"8 hours, 29 minutes, 40 seconds till 2011!!  laugh "
p&b buses aren't running tommorow! do i take them? no  but still not going to school now 
"awww shucks, guess i cant do my spanish oral today  annoyed "
youd think it wouldnt be that hard to find your calculator when it is entirely covered with your name on it    plus i can't think of any other omars   so if anyones seen it please lemme know 
english midterm tomorrow and ive only read half the slave girl     
"dear whoever has my calculator,\i don't know if you've noticed, but you're name is not <propmale>    and you're calculator is covered with that name  so please return it   \thanks,\the only <propmale> in the school"
"tok questions done    history essay, lab, and oral to start    words cannot e playful ress how happy i am"
silly mubarak    stepping down means you're not supposed to be president anymore
congrats egypt on your successful peaceful protest for democracy! history has been made!!!  smile 
so i don't have to respond to anymore birthday wishes i'll just say it here   thank you!!
girlfriend disapproves of the goatee  sad 
so i did history homework    i think thats enough for the night
    what day is it tomorrow?
after 4 hours of staring at my screen i think its time to start this essay    
"history homework   ? nah i dont think so, nice try mr barrasso"
looking up some dodgeball techniques    yeah im that cool
"friday, friday, gotta get down on friday   "
sooo im kind of a dogeball master    nbd
 sad 
its never a good sign when i wake up at 6 on a sunday  annoyed 
 annoyed 
looking up people i knew from florida in 2nd grade    creepy? i think so
"like this and i'll tell you\1  how we met annoyed 2  my nickname for you annoyed 3  feelings toward you  about you annoyed 4  who are you to me annoyed    5  have we ever gone out annoyed 6  what i like best about you annoyed 7  what i dislike about you annoyed 8  favorite memory of us annoyed 9  my first impression of you annoyed 10  how close we are annoyed 11  i challenge you to put it as your status!"
i honestly do not know why im in hl math  
just survived the rapture    nbd
so i have 6 labs to do    
phones broken   i can read messages but not text back it sucks  annoyed 
i  need  a  job 
just beat my record at questions right while watching jeopardy   yeah i am that cool
japan's goalie must have been a ninja
great day at the fair with <propfemale>  smile    i am by far the best squirt gun shooter this side of the mississippi
extended essay here i come    ehh maybe later
so after a 30 minute argument      i guess monopoly is probably not a good idea with my family
honestly will talk to anyone right now   
hjgffhjknjbfjhcg
 annoyed 
time to do this history essay   oh wait i think i'll sleep instead
had a fun night with my boys <propmale> keefe <propmale> rowell and <propmale> dixondixoff last night!
you know being sick and miserable with a math ia due tomorrow isnt as fun as i thought it would be    
so i post a 3 paragraph post after weeks of not going on managebac and it gets deleted  just remembered why i dont go on managebac 
