d05ac0fb07c7669755662e104e61dae8
sooooo bored missin my baby
happy new year
i was inten pain omg lol that was a funny trip to the hospital
good night world hello 2011
bet he turn his head just as soon as i pass him     k  hilson
if you text or call with no answer its because im done with you and i changed my number happy new year
pink panther is hilarious!
you little wet puppy lol lol lol
my bf makes me sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but i love him though he still makes me sick!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!~
"sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored lol and tis computer is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sloooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!! cant wait til monday! breakfast with spring holz, lugina lovin'life kerr, <propfemale> and anyone else in sas going on the minnesota trip     <propfirst> webb minnesota then mall of <propfemale>!!!!!!!"
i cant believe im wasting my day on fb this is why i always o it from my phone otherwisw i would never get off the computer!
trying not to be a fool and fall for the okee doke lol im probably gonna do the stupid the last time we tried this momma said <propfemale> you dont need a thug i wonder if that statement still holds lol
12 more days
happy easter!
going back to pulaski <propfemale> few years to be a math teacher if they are still iopen ! im happy about that
scored almost 4000 tickets at <propmale> e cheeses b c the machine was brokn lol
on the way to minnesota!
on the way to minnesota!
passing wisconsin dells!
just saw an actual cabin and tons of hay lol and barns
<propfemale> and mr redcorn and litttle tree im passing black river !
lugina is telling stories lol we dont get to minnesotta twin cities until 2 pm
im starving and we dont stop for lunch until 1130
mcdonalds !!! im hungry whoot whoot
food in my tummy and now we are headed to minneapolis!
im in minnesota!
<propfemale> <propfemale> spring and lugina are creeped out at the days inn in minnesota two drunk creeps singing and talking to our door
baby im missin u dont allow love to lose    <propfemale> <propfirst> angels cry
getting ready to head back home    loved minnesota duluth! this is the school for me! cant wait til september when i can apply
im ready to go home i miss my mommy! i have to find out how hard its going to be for me when i actually go to college :'-c
the next time your in the car or on a bus with a bomb just speed and your new life will begiin you will marry mr reeves and live hapilly ever after! insider
and i find it comical that you think you have it like that im the reason we don't talk but gone head have fun stroking your ego babes that's all you have
taking a practice act bored and tired as heck!
so irritated about to cry
i need a sign
<propfemale>! where are you?!
hey baby hey i cant get a hey baaby back with that lmbo
ok so ttyl fb i will talk to all of you guys later im feeling better now
and i keep saying please call when i know i won't see your name if the phone rings
i'd go for broke if i could be with you    only you can make it right i only think of you on two ocassions
and i have a question for all my fb guy friends   why is it that guys dont show emotions as far as a relattionship is concerned after is over but trip as soon asthey think you moving on?
mwdhkzljnkxl)mbh*xhcjccbmkjcbbbjhzjlln com
and its been declared that i am in love with <propmale> brown we've been in love for weeks now
 
hey guys my bday is friday!!!!!!
just for the record <propmale> and i are not dating it just was funny to annoy him at the time lol
la la la im singing because i am happy and im happy because ima live and life is beautiful when you are beautiful when you feel beautiful it makes you h appy lalala lol
man im bored for those of you that couldnt tell lol cant wait for my mommy to get home im lonely in a house full of people
<propfemale>!!!!!!
kimona!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale>!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> adams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
joy leitzke!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> hunt!!!!!!!!!!!!
mommy!!!!!!!!!!!!
mr> deloach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
joynear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
charmiane!!!!!!!!
<propfemale>!!!!!!
<propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey guys!!! lol
i have a joke u\\guys    why did the chicken cross the road?
now i have a strong urge to go to <propmale> e cheeses
?
do i take this risk or say forget it?
i love my <propfemale> vazquez she makes me happy and keeps my head from hurting she also saved a life today but we wont go into details lol
sister is giving a mock interview think she is racist against blacks and crazy thing is she's black lol smh
and even though you are farther away from me then ever i still find you in my thoughts my dreams my life  why wont you just go away and give me some peace?!
<propfirst> hamilton teaches you about what love is and isnt has me in a groovy and mellow mood before my debate match
and to any man who thinks i really want them i had what i wanted and needed and i got rid of that so i dont want or need u either k?
today is my final varsity debate wish me luck peoples
maverick against maverick nail bitter lol plus i hate this girl
at my debate banquet
maverick of the year award and first place speaker varsity award ayeeeee!
really appreciating brennon kroon right now thanks for the suub huns and <propmale> brown that handshake iis wack with no offense to brennon lol
drinking my free red bull is it really gonna make me hyper?
<propmale> brown why won't you love me lol insider
im going to die alone lol
so tired it hurts and yet i cant sleep
and do i think i was born the wrong color? nope i was born this way to be sucessful as a black woman so you would sayy dang when you see my accomplishments! im black intelligent and proud!
stupid phone wont let me get on fb! grrrrr
<propfemale> made chicken broccoli corn texas toast and sugar cookies from scratch crackin lol
she is the most ignorant idiot i ever met before in my life    wow
it becomes aparent to me i dont wanna mess with a dude from the islands u tell me to call i did and u were supposed to call me back no aanswer im done waiting
and screw the world right now let down after let down dont call me text me or anything screw everybody!!!! minus a few  sick of ignorant people
and my texting <propmale> made me feel better maybe vegas is the way to go lol insider  world i don't hate you anymore
and im here in the  land of ignorant idiots  lord give me the strenght to hold my tounge
in class throwing rocks at my teacher lol (insider)
my mommy is on fb! lol coolness
i missed a total of 5 buses going to tac
and im officially engaged but to whom shall remain a mystery to all you facebookers lol
eating the sugar cookies i made yesterday waiting on the hubby to text and talking to my zahdee i love her! lol and talking to my <propmale> brennon life is great
thanks guys for your support my fiance and i appreciate the encouragement even though we are young
and fb i just  want to apologize for my terriably late april fools joke lol marriage isnt a joke though people
its not even late and im already missing busses!
attention all pulaski students  we need $10000 for prom we need your help volunteering at sonic if you can help please comment on this status
and sorry baseballers for not saying good luck     let me know how u did!
your going to have to love ell so just deal with it    wait whose ell? lmbo wow my little sis is funny night hubby lol even though  ur hard headed
"\ya'll should grow the f up come here let me coach you\"" in the famous words of jay-z on to the nest"""
two proms one week how exciting lol
stupid allergies!
have my prom date have my party bus now all i need is my dress! whoot whoot casino royale here i come! lol
hey my bday is tomorrow!!! going to cheer my varsity baseball team on ! they are bound to win and if they dont i can always beat them! lol
going to the comedy show tomorrow night lmbo (insider) gramps is toooooo funny
picking out prom dresses with shandallay via internet and prom songs drawing a serious blank here
going to get off the computer and argue with <propmale> brown
and im feeling idk
and im saying happy bday to myself an my sister lol
anyone going to pulaskis prom and want to ride on the party? $35! we have 6 spots left!
and thank you guys for all the birthday wishes
and a big good luck to all of my student council and extra participants at sonic today raise $ for prom!! go team go lol
got over to sonic ad spport pulaski's prom tip well  smile 
with a backup dancer?! she dont love herself lol
and i just saved 26 04 at cvs
im a little teapot short and stout here is my handle here is my spout    lol
student council and other volunteers are doing wonderful things! they already raised more than last year thank guys!
and a big congrats to my pulaski jv team i support you guys plus my big little bro is on that team keep up the great work!
my mommy fixed my 'boo-boo' lol
and idk what else can describe how im feeling except this  laugh 
missing the hubby  he went to play basketball he will be back soon lol
and i am in love with a man his name is calc last name ulus lol thanks to ms green and ms jagiel for introducing us lol i cant escape his grasps
scalp in on fire lol
got me like oh my gosh im so in love    usher ft will i am lol darn song is catchy
no party bus
leaving from tutoring w  my calc teacher she is awesome
i just want to go home!
the hot male specimen intended to shoot her through the fetus lol! <---(insider my mom is hilarious)
and its amazing when you sit and think how god has made all of these small connections to your daily life god is love
they cutt it back on!
i think <propmale> brown is a fan of becoming a fan of things lol
and my sister just called me ugly and told me i look like a boy is it true is it true?! lol someone tall me its not true lol
the hot female speciman ate hr stake with a fork and knife <---(insider) lol!
and guys sorry its looking like no party bus unless myy hunni bunni mon can pull some strings
prom prom prom lol
<propmale> songz   enough said lol
man i do look bad i can feel that today isnt gonna be any good  sad 
managed to cut my finger and chip my tooth all while making copies
how do you get arrested walking down the street?! lol
my granny is a beast!!!! lol wow granny is crazy
about to start my calculus quiz and thanks again to ms j for ruining my life lol (insider)
going to die doing calculus
maybe i wont die prom calculus my teacher is pretty helpful
does anyone know the derivative of sec2(x) ms j told us to learn our trig functions lol
hoping my granny can do my hair
haha my granny is doing my hair lol  laugh 
<propmale> brown if u can see tthis     when you see this call me asap!
cant escape the hair dryer short hair is supposed to dry faster  sad 
man my phone is forever dying
do not vote torrian suggs for prom <propmale> he is a <propmale> bashin jerk and according to <propmale> he hates black people  vote paisly!
haha im watching <propfemale> and the frog finally!
i miss my <propmale>
6911 lol thanks dontrae for the reminder
<propfemale> likes her prom date he is great lol and <propmale> has a prom date too! for everyone that called us dateless losers lol
                         
my mom is hilarious! omg she is funny
and <propfemale> <propmale> understands me lol
just left la fuenta  my daddy took me  big daddy please lol <---(insider)
who ever is in the limo w  me and <propfemale> and <propmale> the price will increase by $11 to $33 but we get 6 hrs and can do dinner let me know
maybe we should all be banned from tv
your a hot mess im loving it heck yes
and ya'll should be afraid of wha im gonna do next - jay-z on to the nex
dress shopping
you fall away from your past and its following you know    the fray fall away
if ever there was a doubt my love she leans into me this most assuredly counts she says most assuredly   look after you the fray
and good luck to everyone taking the ap american gov exam today *fingers crossed*
haha told you joy c  leitzke! you owe me five tomorrow babycakes! lol
darn guess i owe joy 5 lol
whats on your mind? lol insider
just finished my interview and <propmale> songz is hotttttttttt!
people are hilarious!
and good night to fb ap exam inthe am and prom in the pm
happy prom day to me! lol
at applebee's w  my mentor    love my mommy  love 
beware of people with two first names ex: <propfirst> james   <--- insider my mentor is hilarious
happy mothers day to my mommy i love you no matter how bratty i act i really really do! god gave the perfect mom i love you!
im scared!
dear mr <propmale> lol insider
happy mothers day to joy leitzke  my granny  <propfemale> redcorn  my aunts my mommy and any other mommys i forgot
prom pics have been uploaded feel free to tag urselves
good night fb and again i love my mommy from the bottom of my heart
and after we say i do imma have a dance with you    want you to be my wife my wife my wife    raheem
had fun today didnt realize that i felt that way   lol insider
well good night fb hope my mommy had fun at her bowling game love you! :-*
irritated with some people about to start deleting people  have a nice day!
got a job!!!!
wow im hurt stephanieee <propfirst> is leaving sas i love you steph we've had grea times together :'-c
a 4 to 530 going away party tell as many people as possible hoping a lot of people to say good bye to <propfemale> <propfirst>
and so im gonna leave it all with the lord and trust and believe  god is good he have me you (mom)
lol mommy its on!
love you turtle and i love you <propfemale> and mom because i love you best of all you get your own sentence  i love you to ttheloma lol ;-d
moving my hips like yeah nodding my head like yeah    to the <propfirst> brown theme song lol
im so sick of ghetto people! how do u put truck tires on a car?! smh!!!
yay a cook out im too excited! i wonder what my sister and i will bring! <propfemale> has the puerto rican rice and <propmale> has the grill! too excited!  laugh 
i go insane crazy sometimes trying to keep you from losing your mine open your eyes see what's in front of your eyes save me my fistful of tears    <propmale>
why do you people not give your smileys noses they can't breath and they look retarded lol give them a nose!!!
and to all my <propfemale> buddies i hope you are standing out in this wonderful sun today
good night fb
and you know maybe i just really love you what more of a reason do i need? lol my excuse for today
screamin happy birthday to my <propmale>!
why are there girls on the bus trying to pull this old mans neck hair?!
i love you  love 
happy birthday <propmale>
hey hey hey buddies its almost one week before our cookout! what are you bringing as a dish? can't wait to see you!
today will not be good i can feel it     sad 
<propfirst> smells like butt!!
<propmale> brown does unfathomable things in public lol so i hear from <propfirst>
im all the way turtle lol insider my big daddy is too funny!
<propmale> brown eats boggers
sooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored :'-c
lil <propmale> is awesome  smile 
my goodness im so bored
any one interested in going bowling tomorrow for <propfemale> its at olympic lanes on 27 bring a small donation even if its only a dollar  you get 3 games for six dollars comment for more info
like if you look like hancock in one of ur pics or know someone who does lol insider jk djlw jk
i  h  y  d  r  a  b  l 
la la la la la lol bored
what does it mean if you dream about your teeth falling out?
i might of missed you but i will never admit it lol insider
its so hot i wish it would snow lol
come bowling with me after school today its seven dollars for three games and it goes to <propfemale> if you donate more
come bowling with me after school today its seven dollars for three games and it goes to <propfemale> if you donate more
ilaoy  love  to my family and really importantt friends:-*
integrams are awesome i  love  calculus
"this is for you  love  \ laugh "
love and basketball most beautiful movie ever!
i smell likee cheeessseeee   
shonte you stink!
it feels great to have this out in the open now its awesome   i apologize again for last night i love you
my sister just permed my face
where is <propmale> the bug?! lol wow she is hilarious! and now <propmale>'s cousin is calling wow
"\truth is everyone is going to hurt you  you just have to find the ones worth suffering for\"" - <propmale> marley"""
hey hey he people today is the day! the festivities start at one buut the  grill wnt be lit until two call or text if you have any questions or concerns
lil <propmale> is the most attractive ugly person ever lol
i love you
we're jammin we're jammin we're jammin man <propmale> marley is awesome
lugina!!!!! answer the phone!
the hangover is a crazy movie
how dare you she's a nice lady lol
why?! am i watching my uncle and brothers play yugioh?! lol too priceless smh
im looking at this student achievers book and all my friends are in there and my sister and my bf that's awesome
<propfemale> is an awesome movie a classic
inbox for the new number
fb-simone
lord bless us all-simone
baby one two three tell get the referre cause he can get the knockout lil <propmale> is awesome-simone
lugina ! ! ! where are you text me back! lol-simone
my bus drives cant drive and im late to school-simone
drop the world lil <propmale> describes exactly how i feel right now-simone
i wonder how people catch bugs like crickets and grasshoppers lol-simone
dont you hate it when you fight with a person then realise you got mad for nothing then you feel bad? thanks conscience-simone
late again what is wrong with this lady!-simone
not only am i not at school yet and not only was she late but now she is talking on the phone!-simone
my sister is hilarious! she has me laughing so hard im crying lol-simone
wow my bus drives was only ten minutes late today maybe i can be on time-simone
city bus is free today-simone
its like i waited my whole life for this one night and <propfirst> brown is still the man! lol-simone
<propfirst> i love you i am so very proud of you and your accomplishments rock the house tomorrow-simone
to all my special seniors those of you in ap us hist and in my advoc i love all of guys and my seniors in calc congrats guys u made it!
my cat is hilarious chasing paper like a dog she is too funny-simone
cheesecake factory first and last time lol-simone
when we are together i be feeling so strong but when we area apart i dont know where to start    i wont survive without it i would flatline cause my heart beats for you    <propmale> songz flatline
"how did everyone like @ <propfirst> marroquin \s speech????????? be honest"""
how did everyone like @<propfirst> marroquin s speech? be honest because i wrote it lol
how did everyone like @<propfirst> marroquin at graduation how was his speech because i worte it lol
how did everyone like  that speech given by the valedictorian? i wrote it annd it was delivered by the valedictorian <propfirst> marroquin
i just offically applied to my first college i can proudly offically call myself a senior!
new <propfemale> and orange chicken-simone
happy birthday <propfirst> and to anyone else who has a birthday today
lugina amsterdam is not always the answer lol
about to kill myself cutting a mango lol-simone
shonte  happy birthday baby! lol
this man is in this store stealing-simone
i got hate in my heart love on my mind-simone
just missed two buses beautiful-simone
on my way to the movies with the little sister -<propfemale>
just say a guy pull a gun on an officer-simone
about to leave town even though i will be right back-simone
steal n shake makes me want to ring -<propfemale>
tac picnic today i missed my buddies lol-simone
the picnic was fun now im combing silly string out of my hair lol thanks a lot maurice-simone
8675309 lol-simone
applying to more schools-simone
these schools make it impossible for <propfemale> to apply ugh lol
mad at lugina lol-simone
lost my college essay and is finding it extremely hopeless to apply to this school grrrrrr gppd thing my mother taught me determination
completed my first day and man im sleepy  lol cant wait for tomorrow-simone
just created my own chicken cheese onion mushroom pizza awesome was tired of eating cheese lol-simone
horrible day and im not even at work yet should have asked my mom to pick out my clothes lol-simone
on my way to work im uber excited lol-simone
just got off work i liked it was pretty fun for work lol-simone
happy to be off-simone
wow this movie is a head shakes-simone
what god has for me      i know without a doubt that he will bring me out what god has for me it is for me-simone
missing you and i dont know why   pathetic as my little brother would say-simone
finally beautifully fixed my hideous friday work uniform lol good night fb work early tomorrow-simone
on my way to work with lugina-simone
is going to camp matawa this year! yeah baby there is still a moose lol-simone
scratching my mosquito bites raw ugh what purpose do they serve?-simone
starving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this scholarship site just cruched my dreams by telling me not to even bother applying lol thats rude
love my sister she is the best like this stat if you love your sister-simone
again why!  -<propfemale>
its a pillow its a set its a pillow pet lol-simone
all ready for work-simone
i just want this bus to come so i can go to work!-simone
so bored practically home alone tonight lol-simone
this is just stupid for real i was perfectly ok yesterday-simone
glad to be off work it was a pretty easy day-simone
going to vanessas for dinner-simone
i hate being harassed!-simone
i have finally realized the worth of a dollar lol-simone
at vanessas going to go home soon though-simone
im mad i just woke up singing mister rogers lol-simone
getting my  phone engraved at summerfest lol
i just dont understand :-[
yay im too excited
precious carth pull through <propfemale> <propfemale> in there
we live in a country that seems to be in a massive state of delusion whre the ieda of what you are is more important tthat you actually being that most o
f them are not really willing to work to the degree to live up to that
do i or dont i ?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
sittting in class with my mommy she is tooooo funny lol
omg i actually danced with a partner today yay!!!
i know without a doubt that he will bring me out  what god has for me  it is for me 
not even thinking anymore operating on auto pilot
im mad im sittin here like a lame watching the bet awards for the first time going gaga lol
about to ride these rides im too scared lol
a weddinng a wedding yay lol congrats guys lol
yummmmmm turkey hamhocks lol insider
heading into work
party hardy lol
volunteer to help flood victims and recieve a tour of mayors office inbox or text for detailss
just watched the sunrise back to bed i go lol
ugh my shoe just broke!
just finished my weekly shopping lol
what do i say when i have nothing to sayy? oh i have it lol have a nice day
looks nice now its time to twirl lol insider
people are just wow sometimes
thinking
screaming happy birthday to my mommy! happy birthday i love you
and i just keep on aiming for the impossible lol it has to pay off at some point
hopefully i can get this redone   hopefully
out with the old in with the new
i love my mommy  laugh 
finished my weekly shopping with my mom now on to work
closing a short chapter in my life simply to begin another this summer was great to me i  made connections and bonds i never e playful ected and will use thank you all
just drove my mommys car! lol and parked!
im here and leaving in about twenty minutes missing the family already
coming home tomorrow too happy i missed my mommy and my siblings lol
on my way home from camp had too much fun
finally home
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
creeped out by the guy sitting next to me on this bus
just got accepted into carthage im too excited!
happy birthday party to my mommy lol
no that's my son ugh my nephew no my daddy  duh stupid of course its my mom we look just a like
my calc teacher told me to get excited about ap calc so get ready for random calculus equations
derivatives
sin2o+cos2o=1
differentiation is the process of finding a derivative  a derivative is a slope
45 45 90 triangle has a hypotenuse of square root of 2 is one of the special triangles
30 60 90 triangle half of a 2by2by2 equilateral triangle it has legs the lengths or 1 and square root of 3 and a hypotenuse of 2
i  love  the unit circle it makes trig sooooooooo much more simple it has 4 quadrants
all radians are divided by 180 for example 90 s half of 180 which equals pi over 2
now im going to throw in some history trivia for all you history lovers lol what is the genetic disease primarily affecting black americans ?
he was the first african american to hold the post of secretary of agriculture 1995
in 1848 who was the first president of liberia
ok back to math polynomial functions are continents everywhere
lol! watching progressive commercials will never be the same! love you guys!
done for the day  smile 
on my way to school
sigh
omg i jus saw a conveyor belt dropping tiles into a rectangular cube i wonder how fast its weight is increasing
i am going to dread riding this yellow bus will be so happy once im up and driving lol
phenomenonly bored lol can't wait for my mommy to get home  laugh 
at culvers with my siblings good times that was money well spent lol
yay shoes now bowling!
my family is crazy! lol love them
i swear like thirty people get on this one stop its alright im going to count tomorrow lol
i was up like a light lol
starbucks then school  laugh 
school is over lol yay! thank you early release
riding on a bus!
imma teach you how to fight! get up fight like real man
on my way to escuela
how was your day? i want to hear all about it
wow
just finished my <propmale> project now im waiting for class
you are the only exception!  laugh   paramore woooh lol love that group
ke$ha deserved that award the loser couldn't ever find the stage!
kanye really does it when he is e playful ected to doesn't he? lol?
ugh i just want my mommy!
day 1!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh     its alright wont let this set me back
im lost!
people    what honestly drives our emotions and pushes us to do what we do and say what we say?
day 2  smile 
what a beautiful day!
sitting at the barber shop this little boy is fighting the barber
home!
party hardy lol
what's the point i wish some people would just go away and stop being so petty but its fine the lord puts people in your life for a reason  i wonder what is my lesson to be learned here 
off of work get to start at my branch tomorrow  smile 
i have a million things to say and hundreads of ways to convey my thoughts but how do i say what i feel and sow whats real when its hard for me to decifer what i mean and feel when i am unsure most of the time myself? life is dificult or so we say when in all actuality we make life this way 
lugina lovin'life kerr  i love you sis!!!!!!!!!!!!
"lugina lovin'life kerr, precious doinme hill , -<propfemale> zwinky <propfemale> and <propfemale> echeveste love you all!"
getting ready to leave this place man im tired
first stop atlanta!
just landed in atlanta!
in the south lol
sitting in <propfemale> watching this train that's been going for honestly like ten minutes now when think its over another hundred train cars roll part lol
driving through the country mooing at cows lol
pool time!
omg crazy family driving through the south honking at people lol!
buffet buffet buffet buffet buffet lol
omg loved the service here at <propmale>'s the food was life changing and so was the service  never had anything like it
getting ready to come home
crying looking crazy! going to miss the family!  smile  family love is strong missing them already back to milwaukee for me
riding through the streets of milwaukee already want to go back to <propfemale>
and drake seems to always heal what pieces of my heart i think i've lost music has the power to change the world
watching save the last dance
mad we are the only school that has to be in attendance tomorrow stupid school lol
<propfemale> just a fly killed! what a monster!
congratulations to my p-house football team on their blowout! go team go!
i have a million things to say and no idea where to start lol happy almost tuesday <propfemale>
hurry up four thirty lol
this teen is on the bus wearing thin leggings when she turned to sit down i could see her underwear through her leggings! smh at what our generation has become!
i like it on the living room table
i like it on the floor of the bus
like my status and i will tell you my favorite thing about you
never thought i would make it to this place but here i am  laugh  <propfemale> is a virtue
short and fat! lol!! insider i know i be having some serious fun with my people!
i hate the new buses they are painfully cold
abcdefghijk    p! lol insider
homecoming was great!
just made a pizza from scratch dough and all lol
precious you suck i haven't heard from you all day! you suck lol
just wants precious to know im not mad any more lol! oh love you too <propfemale> enjoy your day at school guys
discount! lol insider  laugh 
what to do until one thirty?!
just got off the phone with my number one lol love you girl you know who you are  wink 
at mps headquarters and these people look a mess lol! how do you look twenty from the back and eighty from the front lol!
im late and i feel like crap what else could happen today?! i bet i don't even want to know
if i still feel this way by friday im making a decision i need to make for me
precious where are you? come out come out wherever you are lol!
hey soul sister i don't want to miss a single thing you do tonight  laugh  -train
starting my day out right with coffee oatmeal and with a smile on my face enjoy yours! happy thriday  laugh 
riding to work missing my mommy
wishes that her phone would ring and it would be precious that would be nice lol
im in such a pleasant mood im in such a good mood i want to sing ok
never is he ever better than my homie <propmale>!
precious i can't wait to see you again either lol
mad this broad won't answer the phone! you know who you are lol
im so tired my eye is jumping! just want to sleep but that's not happening today long day and might ahead of me
what a beautiful day!
thanks mommy for my nails and feet i got you next week  wink 
"precious, ken-nia, stephanie,lugina,spring i love you guys  love "
party party party lets all get chocolate wasted  laugh 
precious just won the loser of the night award again!
your a jerk lol
pizza shuttle!!
i know its late but i had a beautiful time today! thanks <propfirst> spring lugina and <propfemale>
its early in the morning and precious got me acting a fool trying to find ou who dolli is girl dont make me come to <propfemale>!!! lol
had the perfect weekend back to school and work tomorrow
its a new day hello world lol
my bus driver is a fool he just passed up the bus stop with all the ghettos lol!
im in such a delightful mood only thing that would make me even happier is hearing your voice  laugh  cloud nine
but what am i gonna say? when you make me feel this way    wherever wherever wherever you go  smile 
where is my little <propfemale>?
oh heck naw oh heck no i wil not be replaced by her precious im yours and your mine we dont do third parties!! lol
no more holding her purse discount! lol
love and basketball! no calls just text!
you you you you you you man its time to pull out the old <propfirst> brown albums im in such a beautiful mood precious call me!
you and doubled standards in this relationship im on my last nerve lol
what kind of a loser makes fun of people on horses? ugh lol i love you though i thought your mamma said shake the haters off not become one lol! you kno who u r
about to miss the el auto bus
didn't miss the bus now i can go back to my rants of how happy i am because i am  laugh 
this girl got me acting like a psycho stalker today smh im too young for all this stress its time to point them out precious you are going to drive me to drink a soda today!
gator boots with the pimped out gucci shoes!
not in the mood no calls or texts unless its an emergency
so so so so so itchy!
good luck at your poetry reading tonight precious!
n  e  r  v  o  u  s
im just so ugh right now can't even e playful ress how i feel right now im a cross between disgusted and just fully irritating but i really shouldn't let peoples actions get so deep under my skin that's what they want 
you know my ain't gone go no where so beautiful so hold me tight don't ever let me go cause you know im only living for your love - <propmale> songz flatline
at stack'd with mommy about to watch her eat <propfemale> bison
bad day turned good for the most part
shopping with my mommy
had a great time good night world
me and you and zaboomafoooooooooooooooo    we are doing the the things that animals dooo
about to do my tac application and possibly my uwm and uwo applications as well  happy to be off work
never telling you anything again! jerk lol
im about to be a widow
im divorced and loving it! im ready to sign them papers papers! im leaving never to return again!
and im keeping the kid!
and the panda and the monkey and the moose and the elk!
and the baby shark!
singing to precious i said i think you need to call <propmale> call him and tell him come on help you to get your s    lol! yeah jerk you think this is a game? because its not but really though i love you :-* and you steph and especially you ken-nia have a great day!
 
work then off to tac  can't wait to see <propfemale> and <propfirst>
short and fat!
precious i just told on you ! lol it was my duty as a cit3 i had to tell her what a story crafter you are lol!
precious i should not wake up to twenty text messages and fourteen of them are from your statuses learn how to go to sleep
such a random party lol so very random
had a great time at springs halloween party her parties always crack lol
sitting in starbucks getting ready to start work
what a beautiful day
uh oh we got <propfemale> in the sas house discounts for all participants lol insider
not in your best interest home boy lol the things you hear in the store i tell you
just realized i haven't heard from my ' husband' since this morning lol where you at girl!
this headache is going to make me throw up
hungry!!!
wish me luck
you don't need no one else    drake
aww man i love you girl precious you know all my secrets lol but there is no discount for that sorry
its going to be a late night lol
on the camoooooooooooo lmbo! tthat was hilarious kallieeeeeeeeee
i want to drink the largest bottle of water possible ever when i get off!
feels good to be on my way home
omg!
zumba with the daughter lol where is my husband wife lol
enjoying the rest of my evening with <propfemale> and <propfirst> enjoyed body attack my feet are sore
its november forth! where did the time go?
and just know i love you no matter where the lord may guide us my love for you will always remain the same 
and its unfortunate that love never lets you use the right side of your brain    the dream
ugh broke my nail class was good though
sitting in starbucks eating banana chocolate chip bread before work
im mad she playing nanny mcfee in whitewater lol beat bowing can calm the children who knew lol
countdown!
what a hopeless loser   playful 
my love has a limit
i have to beat up my <propfemale> tomorrow shame shame lol he should know not to threaten me by now lol
we can dance until we did  you and i will be young forever!      <propfemale> <propfirst> teenage dream  my guilty pleasure
"all you packer fans can chew on a dog biscuit the cowboys are in the house!!! with love, <propfemale>"
only me i swear
dodge county!
oshkosh
appleton wisconsin
i got to see one of my uncs  today!!! excited! missed them!
say im a liar a cheater say anything you want as long as its over     blame it on me chrisette <propfemale>
milwaukee wisconsin
does anyone else feel like their mother might be part psychic? mine always can smell when something is wrong lol
not really in the mood for anyone right now no calls or texts please
glad i finally got that off my chest now i see out friendship sisterhood reaching new heights  i love you <propmale>! lol
going to bed before eleven or twelve i love it!
aww i love you precious hill!
she is crazy but i love her having too much phone on this phone i love you too p money
boys is peacoats with baseball caps lol  wink 
wow nice <propfemale>
i love my job love my family love my life  thank you god for all you have blessed me with  in a spiritual mode  smile 
whooooooohoooooooo its fridayyyyyyyyyyy!!!!
"\i gave you a f'ing cookie now settle down!\"" -<propfirst> j """
"\dont shoot a fake gun at me    i will kill you \"" - <propfirst> j """
there just is no pleasing some people
bad day!
at worshipzone with cyera! i know im about to cry like a big baby
sleep !
just woke up feels nice to sleep like i don't have anything better to do lol
answer a question fb  why do you like me? what intrigues you about me? just curious 
will someone tell me what all the q & a stats are about please the curiosity is killing me
someone jsut told me to play this game so inbox me a question and i will answer it on my status  sounds like fun
dont no body wanna play this game with me lol im hurt
this game is fun if only people wuld play with me lol
"q: who was cruch at barton?\a: <propfirst> evans and <propfirst> gousha lol i was young what can i say"
ask questions i will answer them when i wake up  ttyl fb
q  would you eat my boogers if that was the only way to keep me alive  a  yes because you are who you are but the real question is would you do it for me? lol
q  how awesome am i ? a  your very awesome even though you rarely return my calls or texts i still love you 
tired :'-c
ok im in lol inbox me questions 
"q  why are you so slow?\a  it depends on what u r referring 2 lol"
"q  do you miss me?\a  no im still mad at some of the off the wall things you say to me"
"q  what did i say to make you upset?\a  it was a comination of a bunch of things from your actions and your words"
for all of you that are confused about my standards im not stuck up im selective lol
missing my mommy
heat hot water?!  laugh 
im so sick of that name!
put your number in my inbox if u think im cute   make this your status & see how many <propfirst> you get 
so its raining and its ugly but     its friday!  laugh 
you will not win this poke war bring it on!
where is my husband?! i miss her lol
got that glitter on my eyes    looking sick and sexified    we r who we r! ke$ha
hey boy i really want to be with you cause your just my type oh na na    rihanna what's my name
screaming happy birthday to my bestesttttttt friend ever! i love you <propfemale> enjoy your day!
if i didn't know any better i would swear it was a beautiful summer night lol
did anyone else know there was orange juice in mountain dew?
oh where oh were has my husband gone oh where oh where could she be? with her hair so long and her daughter so nice oh where oh where could she be? lol
wisconsin weather is rude lol has the nerve to be hot then cold then rain then turn all the way around and be cold again its november stay cold!
idrtltityilybisdaawdrlisuwbthdomwmntdbiscfyaihymmetysyd  yes people it does mean something lol
just successfully made churros  smile 
happy wriday!!! -<propfirst> j 
d dx sinx=cosx
d dx(uv)=u(dv dx)+v(du dx)=udv+vdu product rule fun stuff lol
why what's up    press the like button
this man is hilarious
he took the key to my heart lol he better keep it safe
my mamma is in the kitchen throwing down i can taste the food just by smelling it!  laugh 
she doesn't realize she really hurt my feelings the last few days smh but on a more positive note its almost time for food! and cake and pie can't forget that!
going to finish my dirty work lol ttyl fb
psycho
   
day2- my spiritual flame is dense and dark 3 by the end of the day i want it to be at 6 i want to generate happiness today i need to hear this ten times today
my darkness is an absence of light
wonder if my husband has left yet call me girl lol
cold!
it that turkey? lol insider
its amazing to me how much people change and it seems as if you are the only one who stays the same
so i was forced into taking the 19 to school lol today is going to be hilarious!
im looking for a blue spiral notebook last seen by the teachers lounge wow dumbest announcement ever
me and <propfirst> are no more
they hear about your cons but focus on your pros and love you from the bottom of their soul- drake
sick of people seriously ungrateful people just people in general don't call or text
finally on the stupid bus to go home i hate audits and have mcts lol they are both time consuming
hoping my springy is alright
you want mine?  wink 
feels like crap
got a bplus on my <propmale> project
huh lol
its snowing!
"you && i should _____ before 2010 ends ! post this as your status and see what answers you get  smile ) \([post on the wall)] "
happy december!
eat pray love 
oh i tell you i am done with this broad  cheater precious!
to the doctor i go
i won the first poke war now the second is on! bring it!
gonna take my husband back i love her lol but the infidelity has to s t o p
taking my husband back i love her lol we are going to be doing things the right way lol
i <propfemale> gorins am a clutz
i can't decide what to eat! im getting really sad lol
let you put your hands on me in my skin tight jeans be a teenage dream tonight- k  <propfirst>
there is a little truth behind every story
work in the am
how many of you guys did cartoons as your profile picture?
like this and i will tell you what i can't stand about you  wink 
we are about to make have a panda party where is my husband child and my lovely ken-nia?!
finally left work looks like no panda party tonight oh well in a week or two i can wait as long as my husband is safe its worth canceling lol
this guy in mcdonalds is fine!  lol im a mess
those two have given me a great idea! we should start something called the panda girl foundation and have it be like another sas but not just focused on academics but on life and everything and have a camp! it is a dream come true lol
done with a lot of you if you text with no response you answered the question for yourself
like this status and i will make a confession to you
my friends are idiots but atleast i know they care lol! except spring she knew not to take me seriously lol
done
my husband my daughter and sister ken-nia made my night on facebook they are hilarious!
she may be a cheater a liar and a jerk but she is a great husband father and friend i love her precious
coffee  laugh 
just <propmale> raw sushi its even better than cooked sushi
can anyone tell me the actual definition of differentiability?
d dx(v u) now with the variables how can that possibly equal 7 25?
where is my husband i haven't talked to her like all day! i wish she would call or send a smoke signal or something!
im sick of only hearing from you on fb i miss calling you and hearing your voice! can you say separation anxiety? something has to give
what is the antiderivatives
work  smile   sad 
what was the senior meeting about?
done with this sheet tonight
my besties favorite team is winning what more could a best friend ask for?
"oh snaps its not even eleven and everything is done! good night world! good night husband, child, and besties all 6 of you  good night stars good night <propfemale> lol"
haha im in on the number game inbox me <propfirst>
number 23 omg you are beautiful lol
number 3 gee you are fine!
number twenty three you are hilarious i miss you
number 8 i promise to strangle you if we don't <propfemale> out soon lol ily and miss you
number 50 man you are hot! and you have a poetic soul used to have a <propmale> crush on you lol took me a long time to speak up and i don't remember why we ever stopped talking
just lost my darn wallet!
still playing the number game  smile 
number 99 omg i love you you keep me laughing and your butt is huge! you are great and give wonderful advice  there isn't a time we see each other that i don't laugh my butt off
number 657 one of my home skillets you are always pleasant and you are beautiful inside and out ily
number 72910 i bet i know what your number stands for lol you are amazing as a person and beautiful and a strong woman  you deserve the world  smile 
number 17 you are beautiful with beautiful views on life i believe you will make it far in life
number 42 omg ily girl! i miss you also you talk just as crazy as i do and you <propmale> afraid to speak your mind    my kind of woman lol
number 94 omg you are a hottie too! lol even though you have shown me you have the potential to give up i still think you are cool peoples
number panda my love my husband you brighten the cloudiest of my  days ily and you are a beautifully spoken and beautiful person i will never let you go ever!
number 143 with her sexy self! girl you are so sweet and helpful and aww you are just great! ily!
number 3 my prom date and bf lol you are adorable and sweet with a beautiful soul and poetic life you are great
still taking <propfirst>
number 31 you are just plain old awesome
# 00163 my cheese booty my love my friend i really honestly love you we have had some wonderful times and you are one of the few i know really cares about me
3 1415 girl ily you are freakin awesome beautiful with a poetic soul you are great can't wait til i see you tomorrow
# 36 you are gorgeous and quiet i bet you are secretly a likely lol
#21 you are amazing and beautiful wonderful stylish and sweet and smart creative you are great i can tell you anything as well
#409 omg she is beautiful sexy cool like tlc lol and smart i miss you!
number 1111 beautiful poetic special!
number 19 you just have given me the feeling that i can change the world lol but i think you r a cutie and majorly funny best wacky tacky day costume ever
huh man im tired of inboxn my number im about to write it on walls lol  still taking <propfirst>
number 2253 ah gee i love your energy and im glad you are on my list of special council peoples and you have no choice but to talk to me more ha ha ha lol
taking the last <propfirst> for the next ten minutes inbox it!
number 12 huh is there enough space in this little box to tell you how i feel? hmm well at first i didn't like you because you reminded me of myself lol and that's not cool but now   
number 12 cntd  but now i love you and wouldn't trade you for the world my ride or die panda child! ily with all my heart  smile  don't change
number 318 i have never seen someone as beautiful as you   i believe in out passion collection n it kills me not to have u as a part of my weekly routine nymre
number 24 i don't think we know each other but i know you are fine!
number 123456 my <propfemale> babe ily lol simple as that
god is good just when you feel like all hope is lost he puts things right in front of you
wanting to take more <propfirst> lol go for it inbox it
# class of 09 is da best im     i love you but sigh lol im just between mad and im not mad lol but i do love you though always
#19 i loved you until you graduated lol
#100 i always said your hair color fit you because it looked like someone sprayed sunshine on your head! your bright beautiful  bold and brilliant like the sun
taking more <propfirst> inbox it
gee im just at a lost for words right now i have absolutely nothing to say nothing
you make me sick!
my mama is a gangster! she just opened my locked door! love her
about to start an all out poke war in five minutes like if you are in 
going to be a great day i look nice smell great and i feel like i had seven cups of coffee today is going to be great!
im so tired all i can do is smile lol
snowing again!
huh really missing p money right now
work! starts in 5432 now
good night world! :-*
late! oh well i wanted to take a bath
thank you jesus
its been months! why today?
the grudge is the most odd movie ever!
both my husband and child are having a rough day im here for you both my loves
closed mouths don't get fed - my mama always tells me the best stuff i may not realize the true meaning until later on in life 
ranch dressing best creation ever!
ice cube is sexy!
i wake up and everybody is angry    what did i miss?
i don't need to hear it a million times i got it the first time 
everyone is a critic when it comes to <propfemale> meshan address me with your issues and not everyone else can't get it resolved that way can you? didn't think so
frustrated!
ask me anything im going to post it as my status im in a very honest mood
do i miss you? what kind of stupid question was that? of course i do! lol i love you!
how long did you like me  since the middle of march
still taking questions i don't care what it is
did i enjoy holding hands? hmm it was a little weird but i will go with yes and the next time im going to slap you you caught me off guard lol jk
still taking questions lol
"would i date you? odd question, if i was your type sure i would date you lol the real question is would you date me?! you are crazy lol"
ah man next question why did you always get me to grab your boobs? ha ha we had some good times training those to our advantage it was a test lol
if i went to kiss you would you kiss me hypothetical question i would slap you in your face and ask what are you thinking but that's just hypothetically speakin
do you miss me? of course!
why are you such a pervert? idk because    wait im not a pervert!
why do you like me? huh lol you are nice and funny and i can say anything to you other things but not telling right now lol
did you feel uncomfortable when i talked to you about sex? no! i was happy to learn how things work lol
did you like knowing how gay people have sex? did it turn you on? omg wow i said anything so yes i always wondered how that worked but a turn on no lol
are you still going to be my friend when you leave for college? stupid i love you and we are still friends and you are in college of course i am
what do you think is great about you? im black that speaks for it self lol jk
why did you become my friend? what did you like about me? i used to not be able to stand you! but you grew on me lol you are sweet and funny and understand me
why couldn't you stand me? you seemed like you were a power hog and a know it all but i love you!
<propfirst> is racist
idk why i decided to make you my bestie because you are freakin awesome idk when the exact moment was but hey lol
omg had a great time on fb with <propfirst> tonight but i have school in the am so good night fb! good night world
funny how the people i couldn't stand at first are the people i have come to love and those i adored instantly are no where to be found  funny how things work
hungry! and not ready to start this crap yet lol
my <propmale> is the best he is going to get me a pillow pet! what more could a girl hope for? lol he is the best!
can't stand rude people! if you can't speak to me then what did we hire you for?
on my mama on my hood! lol insider
omg berto answer the phone you are mad for a not so great reason!
:->
i get really sad that my mommy has to go to work i want her to be in my purse at all times lol i love her!
im on my way to mi casa dinner for stephs going away tomorrow after work i love training we always get out early
and i see that's its possible to forgive you and the others for what has been done in my eyes and i must say that my heart is lighter and my vision more clear
omg dying my hair black!
just when you start to feel comfortable about the orbit of your planets your jupiter up and moves to atlanta   night fb no calls or texts until tomorrow
i feel terrible!
ha  laugh 
spring is talking crazy!
spring is a jerk! she really had me going 
omg every body part is burning!
omg <propfemale> is talking crazy imma slap lil <propfemale>! lol jk
and lets get this show on the highway
omg i been sleep since eleven last night lol guess my body needed it
stop it autumn lol you lick butt you monkey lol
lost almost everyones number inbox <propfirst>!
i cant stress the importance of having people send me their <propfirst> please text or inbox
wow
liar! that wasnt even called for ken-nia was right fake!
you hurt me omg you are mean
omg go slowly fading into the shadows me your life to become a chapter in your past where can i continue to stand? a l o n e
omg e playful ressing my feelings lol but i mean every word
omg im her number one fan lol!
omg i love it when you generate!  wink 
omg she is stalking my friends
hacked lol its not me its not
i love to eat my boogers they are great for nutrition!!!! all you need is sum crackers and make you a booger sandwich and make sure you get a slimy one!!!
im glad she is enjoying herself!
i swear i <propfemale> gorins do not eat snot cookies lol
omg i love it when you generate!  wink 
where is toochoo? lol
if she can spell it lol
why you lie why you lying? tell the tablecloth the truth!
omg why does this five year old have on heels?!
kids cry over everything
and now i have an attitude out of this world because my existance is always an issue
omg missing the husband glad she came home finally lol
you old enough to cry you old enough to get smacked
workout before work sounds like a plan to me  smile 
well i didnt get to workout before work today but afterward hope my doner calls back want to see him today  smile 
omg my phone came!
things will never change why did i think different for a day my fault never again
tell the devil graie hey when you go back to where youre from- <propmale> mars
"you got spark you you got spunk, you got something all the girls want  wink  n  minaj"
"so the tv says <propfemale> rida- so my sister says, florida?? oh no <propfemale> rida omg lol she is hilarious hilarious"
they dont know what i know   they think our love is beautiful everything is beautiful when you are looking through <propfemale> colored glass
at the y with spring and <propfirst> riding there bikes laps tomorrow
in a beautiful mood ;od
ken nia call me and precious now we are missing you right now
kid for sale perky nice sweet funny she sings and dances she has papers she isnt from <propfemale> and she has all her shots! any takers call me or precious
with two senior girls a black one a white and el hispanic sophomore
with two senior girls a black one a white and el hispanic sophomore a hot date starting in five four three two now
<propfemale> whats hod mean? omg my mom is hilarious
omg there people are in here! skating and crapp clogging up starbuckp
omg there people are in here! skating and crapp clogging up starbucks
numb
blue
<propfemale>'s face is deformed she has two dimples in one cheek omg lol on my way to
<propfemale>'s face is deformed she has two dimples in one cheek omg lol on my way to <propmale> and busters ttyl fb
its almost over! come on 2011
a lie a fiddle they are all the same and i dont do them - p  hill
lasanga ;od
one more day thank you god for delivering me there were days where i didnt think i was going to make it heres to a year of growth
the lights is on the night is grown we get it poppin cause we cant when wifey home     lil <propmale>
i have run out of hope this is it
listening to music and not hearing a word
watching the show at mc donalds with my husband
;)
so where do we go from here with all this fear in our heart? - c  brown
man man omg man dude this stupid phone went off saying it was six o clock and it was only three thirty im mad im wide awake! ugh
drake
yeah ok bring that a    to papa  - drake
www loveisrespect org
l  a  t  e  all because i couldnt decide what to wear
work
1
had a beautiful day with my second family today i love them!
in the mood for talking text it if you dont have the number inbox for it
 annoyed 
dont slap the hand that feeds you because then the other one will slap you in the face 
i miss my phone
im not mad but i bet she thinks i am i understood everything she said and i know them to be true but there is so much thats unspoken
im more than just an option refuse to be forgotten i took a <propmale> with my heart i feel it taking over - drake
back with my baby missed her a lot!!!! xoxo
ugh can this go on any longer?
i got a pocket full of sunshine  laugh 
<propfemale>'s deformed lol but its cute 
16-18-20
"lord jesus please let my head stop hurting please please thank you with love, <propfemale>"
day one feelin pretty positive my head is pounding though  seniors seniors lets get this fafsa done the time is now!!  smile  enjoy your day
pg 204 # 7 9 15 and 23 or 27
"good night world! love, <propfemale>"
day two feeling pretty good again a little three though only eleven more weeks go  smile 
lord please keep a hand on my friend as she goes through this tragic time in her life and bless and guide her through and let her call me soon  i love her amen
watching the game and teen mom 2
omg that baby ain't his?
weird!
"pg 214 1,2,3,5,6,9"
decisions decisions yes no black blue circle triangle its never ending
chilli
oatmeal
salmon rice and veggies water water water
taking questions  smile  inbox it
day four still feeling pretty good i feel much better about this today
"food for thought \i wonder if mcdonald in japan and <propfemale> sells sushi or if the sell big macs and stuff\"" t  ratliff lol omg"""
"coffee, oatmeat cappa, and an apple fritter"
fickle lol
so you had a bad day  sad 
aye man let me get five fifty on m cadillac
im a shopaholic ninja  wink 
hamburger fries sub water gatorade half and half tea
ahhhhhhhhhh help help please :-q
never understand whats so funny i didnt know my existance was a comedy special
night night world
oh man im about to slap someones kid little ugly brat keep rolling her eyes with that ridiculous gap inbetween her teeth lord help me
ugh ignorance ignorant people
somebody help me whats the name of that on movie with <propfemale> bulock and th football player she adopted?
movie and laundry day with the lovely lady <propmale> love her  laugh  watching asylum
wow seriously
rally to stop bullying toward our lgbt community wear red tuesday and wednesday for the event @ riverside 10:15 am wednesday 1-19-11 please pass the word on!
i bet i bust
i am what everybody in my past aint want me to be guess what i made it
fruit fruit fruit that's literally all i have eaten today and water! feeling so empty with out el meato lol
where is precious tybearious
rally to stop bullying toward our lgbt community wear red tuesday and wednesday for the event @ riverside 10:15 am wednesday 1-19-11 please pass the word on!
<propfemale> hill-gorins-mejia is trying to get slapped tonight lol
my husband and my child are verbally causing me pain right now lol making fun of my nicknames for them lol love our three way conferences
a normal wife a high class prostitute and a domestic abuser
wow speechless jerks
<propfemale> is divorced
she upgraded from corner to hotel you go baby that's my baby
these two laughing cows i found the cheese mascots
shut it broad you and your prostidude lol ha oops she is mine too i almost forgot
"her, im a female pimp me no your a female prostitute "
gotta get my husband a pack of depends for her fiftieth lol she getting old
you aren't grown at twelve sit down child she think she old and she's an alcoholic already! oh my my child is out of control maury <propfirst> call the reinforcements
a fly
oh wait no that was a dog
wait oh no its a marker
oh wait no that was a dog
don't subscribe if you can't handle my stats
oh wait no that was a dog
wait oh no its a marker
sorry no it was really a glittery sharpie
oh my oh my what a night i love my two cows  love  they had me laugh til i cried and make everyone mad whos subscribed to my stats lol i can rest in peace
this <propfirst> of butter is like heaven
my cat is a pampered pooch lol
fingers crossed for a cancellation of schol but u know tey only close if the world is about to end and even then the stay open
my life in ruins was pretty good
en route to pulaski  sad 
you know the way we use curse words doesn't make very much sense i mean think about it putting the f word infront of stuff is just not very correct to me :-[
work
i would much rather be ugly on the outside than be as completely unattractive as you on the inside your heart and soul project pure ugliness
awww some people are sooooo sweet he really just helped me out  smile 
going to study for this exam
what are the two main short cuts for infinite limits? anyone?
"udv+vdu product rule\vdu-udv v2 quotient rule"
"the definition of a limit is \lim h-> 0\f(a+h)-f(a) h"
going to do what my calculus teacher suggested and sleep with the book under my pillow
ooh my goodness i have to be on time right now
oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my
about to cry this bus won't come and i can't be late  sad 
going back to the crib lol
hot water! what a wonderful idea!
omg seriously seriously wow only me
i teased his dog
home had fun with mi amor and <propfirst> at tutoring and the y
eyes burn
what up just finished my fafsa and my efc is 0 omg super happy!
missing my two cows <propfemale> damecookies mejia precious godhappens hill they better moo at the <propfemale> to let me know they still love mem lol
i hope <propfemale> doesn't still seriously want us there it freezing
:-> i am a calm and tranquil living being not a disastrous monster i can control myself but can you?
spring is a chicken head for ignoring me twice today after i moved her car what a jerk lol
statement of the day - i wish i still loved you enough for your ignorant behavior to still effect me  but im glad i don't im too young to go crazy  s  gorins
hi my name is <propfemale> i attend pulaski high school and i will attend carthage college in the fall of 2011 to become a math <propmale>  this is my future   laugh 
in the mood for confessions hit like for one  also answering questions hit my inbox   smile 
q why don't you talk to me anymore? a  dude i work and go to school and a lot of other things im not the only one in this friendship  step up lol ily
baby please don't go if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here    baby please don't run away  wink 
off facebook for the day not in the mood for packers fans and five people that im subscribed to better not kill me with football stats please shynika you too
we some head bussas we'll knock a hater out we some head bussas    throwback!!
ok i've been sucked in go bears
balall
you should never lord on your own turf! i got faith is you guys go bears!
go baby loving it way to bring it back! go bears!
"mom: iron man\dad:thats not iron man\mom: oh\lol the family is funny\go bears"
touchdown all you b words! the bears are about to bring it!
slap in the face!
yes yes yes! omg! take it baby one more touchdown its possible!
omg going to my room
bored to death someone text me
omg people make me laugh
stunting on shorty she a bad chick    <propfirst> brown  wink 
lady <propmale> is freaking hilarious
had a hilarious day! short and fat i talked to my husband and got to see my other laughing cow! only sad thing is ken-nia wasn't there again missing her too
nah im lying shorty on my mind  wink  lol
click click click i don't speak your language lol
he's off line yes! dang he isn't facebook be playing with my life lol
check out the total hottie in my profile lol
complex day: i look like a big whale 
1
lil idiot don't know where she going she needs to get her life together she know we ain't cool
lose the tude
lose the tude - p-money
omg i can't believe i let her talk me into this but what can i say im cool like that  wink 
dinner on p-money tonight lol
had fun with my two lovely ladies now im watching my mommy type and watching lady <propmale> nod off work in the am
how do you get earlier and still wind up catching the late bus to work? regretting my decisions freshman year i should be driving by now
is it weird to feel like when the sun shines it shines through my soul and shines for me  laugh  sn in one heck of a great mood
hey! let me start by saying sorry you know ily and im sorry for not being the best a friend can be january was busy ily and im sorry feb will b bettr  laugh 
i don't know if you feel the way i do if you leave im gone find you baby please don't go
talking to little bit and waiting to get my hair done
nap time hope my husband has a good time at her church dinner
third times the charm  laugh 
brrrr    but on a more positive note  smile  in a great mood
lindo <propfemale>
black roses     who knew our love would ever called a memory
a dollar! lol insider!
like oh my goodness somebody tell me we don't have school
its snowing and im still in a good mood take that losers  laugh  good morning to my two laughing boys lindo and p-money ilyguys enjoy your day
ugh grow up like seriously you keep running for what you are pathetic its been over a year you are the only one still showing up grow a pair jerk
lindo <propfemale>  wink 
that was a slap in the face
heres a toast to all the exes that run out of the room when she comes through the door you guys are awesome
bottoms up to all the liars that pretend to have stalkers everyone is giving you the attention you lack at home
heres a toast to you for i hope you enjoy your dead end job tonight and your part time smoking your life away you will go far!
heres a toast to all the chicks who don't take care of their responsibilities but say they the badest you really are a great catch keep it up  smile 
and lets set off the fire works for all of the people i just addressed i want you to all go out and buy a pair to suck on have a nice day  laugh 
done ranting in a much better how is everyone on this snowey dad
work and school are cancelled?! god was on my side i can go to sleep in peace
are you serious it does not have the nerve to be thundering right now wow
now i know this snow better not be taller than me but im going out there to swim in it lol good morning precious and steph
how does a city of milwaukee truck get stuck in the snow?! smh
the secret is out lol my old(new to some of you) haircut is in my new pics enjoy people
no school tomorrow baby
minnesota in april! party party party
"here is my new motto, no car no money no <propmale>  smile "
taking a trip with these two chicks in april  laugh 
dude would it be cheaper to get a video game system from gamestop or walmart?
omg idk what i ya thinking leaving the house with no belt on
someone please lend me a belt lol
what did i do?!
at the hospital with mom
this is so stupid!
this is a bunch of repeat after me bull ship
if the spotlight makes you nervous - drake
omg i don't care i don't care im sick of caring about everyone else's feelings what about mine do i deserve to be heard do i matter? clearly not!
you disgusting little piggie!
i just want to be on time
wow seriously
fun time with my mommy  gotta call my cows later!
i swear i one more person asks me do i want them to come lay up in my bed or keep me warm i am going to snap!! im not a trick come better better yet get lost!
good morning! have a beautiful day!  smile 
i will take you down if you let me do it  girl you can get all of me if you let me do   shorty when im all up in that thing i ain't gone stop  wink  <propfirst> brown
they brought back the normal foot longs! party!
wishing on a <propfemale> <propfemale> and topping a silver coin not happening  sad 
ok facebook people what did you think when you first saw me (if you know me) inbox or tell me on this status lol people are hilarious
 wink  have a nice day
ah she is  going to make me late
so im sitting here thinking about integrals can you have an infinite integral?
riding in precious' pocket what a party!
fundamental therom of calculus
i need you in my life for forever and a day don't leave i love you mom
got an <propmale> shirt  smile  wearing it on <propfirst>s day when i see my sexy <propfirst> with her sexy self  wink 
but precious i love you!
cuff or pass hit like  wink 
some people are so humble  smile 
dang bus driver tried to pull off on me and at the corner!! thanks hummer my mama was watching the bus driver would have gotten told off  wink  cant wait for 4 16
this chicken head just told me i look like a playboy <propfemale> what a loser
sleepy! omg thank you lord! sleep time night night!  smile  wink 
score!! - l  jagiel
never been more disappointed in you! that really set my evening back  on a good note talked to my little cow lol lemtard smh! hope my other boo is good  night!
"i've apparently lost my mind trying to make this situation work for me  but its ok baby because, im back all people be afraid im on a war path  laugh "
its still cold as sin outside
don't like my hair? hate me? can't stand the way i dress talk or think? if you answered yes heres the solution! stay away from me or just f off  laugh  easy as ever
its wonderful outside
happy valentines day  laugh 
with my cow missing my pookie sad she couldn't come
j-hole
good night world
shut up!
i did once! insider
oh my zebras
heading home
and the world around up won't stop turning tonight  i like - k  hilson
asfaaplf yes it has a meaning
just talked to my <propfemale> pooh i missed her!
i am so over high school
wow
somebody call me
dude's goal in life is to break walls smh
you wanna play lets get it
good night
lol just checked my horoscope and it said my mood was reckless how did it know lol!
omg this little girl is cracking me up! poor lindo <propfemale> lol tsk tsk
chicken head
yo tengo puersto el negro vestido
?te puedo quitar tu calconcillo?
manvito idiota
chistoso noche para siempre
this is a moment in history and i love that we can all join together to fight for what we believe in 
all of the people that constantly screw up mps have never taught don't know up don't care how can you pass judgement on what you know nothing about  teach first
do we just like not have school monday?
pegao pegao pegao  wink 
starting at twelve today its pretty nice today i started my day out with my sister and steph
ice cream conversations they all want the scoop  - the-dream
complain all you want but if you didn't vote and you are complaining slap yourself
la vaca es muy feo y rojo 
if you want it need it gotta have it go get it!
everytime i do this i set myself up for failure  round four it is then 
headhurting about to cry please no calls or texts unless its an emergency  thanks good night
i love my steph and my precious  laugh 
night! don't let those bed bugs bite! and don't stay up too long  wink 
steph is being a little punk don't wanna go work out with me before i meet my mommy what a little loser lol
i know im not attractive and all but im not messing with no 3 or 4 i only deal with 8 and 10
moo la vaca moo la vaca moo la vaca
ahhhhhhhhhhhh i want to go home but i still have work and tutoring before i can  sad  lord help me
l a t e :'-c
"me: did you now pineapples grew on trees?\sis:yes\me: how did you know? where do they grow\sis: somewhere you dont and besided spongebobs house wasnt in a tree!"
camp out in lady <propmale>'s room! night night fb peeps
im trying to get a hold of my vaca imma sing her theme song ready?! moo la vaca moo la vaca!! como estan??
sink laugh x=-coskx k+c
cold tired bored sad and irritated wonderful combinations
hit like and im going to spit my mad game skills at you  wink  lol!
just got lunch with my mommy :-]
l a t e
just finishing up this homework then its back to the crib
finally on my way home
random mind blowing fact of the day: pineapples do not grow on trees! its ok don't freak out i know its crazy but now we know! enjoy your day  laugh 
someone text me when you get to school and let me know if there is a search today
s c h o o l now w o r k then       who knows  wink 
this lady is clutching her bag like i want to steal it lol ha nope i have my own 
my head im about to cry not it a good mood
now on the third bus so i can finally get to work so mad they moved me on saturdays
i can't believe that man you black kids?! you came to our country and you got a problem with black people?
out with my babe  laugh 
to each his own i like a freak that's grown i like a bad chick from a decent home - drake
lord please help me
i like it  wink  love and basketball
i think i honestly had the perfect weekend :-] only five more days til friday  wink 
ugh morning time  sad 
i miss my mommy :'-c
"if i was told i wasn't needed at work today , i would just go sit in front of my mommy until tutoring time lol"
got the <propmale> things taken care of now i jus have to tweek these essays and im all set
blueberries
done working out  smile  and im still blueberry
<propfemale> precious red alert red alert red alert! hit me up a s a p
some people are just jerks <propmale> up because if you got something to say just say it don't beat around the bush and tell everyone but me! we are too old for that
closed mouths don't get fed and baby you are on the verge of starvation 
liar! what a liar! and for what to be popular?! you need to destroy yourself but its cool you already are
omg i called and told you i missed you got told off then asked you out to dinner?! d you could have told a  more creative story?! if you gonna lie do it big!
i just can't get you off my mind because your love your love your love is my drug  wink 
ten <propmale> tonight peoples ttyl
half way there! five to go and i am there
all done peoples hit me up
somebody call me right now
i hope she can fulfill all of your dreams that couldn't seem to give you atleast at the end of the night i know he is all that i could ask for and more
"in my chest for the night peoples don't call me or text me unless you live with me, are immediate family, or i tell you i love you at least once a week"
i hope this works attending two schools just to get into a school that i might not even get into and quitting my job?! lord help me
last day :'-c
at the grandparents for a bit
life changing decisions were made yesterday im feeling good about this   smile 
ready to go
this man is highly upset over a steak bagel hard to believe we are related
where in the world can i find some board chalk?!
we over here having a serious ribbing session lol
oops halfway to school and i just realized its going to rain! oh wait scratch that it is raining! darn!
its raining! noooooo
that's three people out of my life that didn't need to be  i got two more and im shocked they don't know yet  i reflected on myself and you are just a blemish
its fuz how people change you are the best at one minute and the worst in the next people faker than cartoons less dense than plastic  disgusting
read a poem i wrote a year ago and cried with out even realizing  wonder why and i've had a migraine since then even though you don't matter to me
its eleven eleven my favorite time of the evening
autumns spring thing was cool!
stalking my mom lol this is always fun one of these days she is going to be like leave me alone lol!
chicken roasting troll
hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola la vaca la vaca hola la vaca hola hola la vaca hola hola la vaca hola hola hola la vaca hola la vaca
my favorite time of night
slept so good i pulled all the covers off the bed and was rolled into the comforter and never woke up lol hello world
"just out of curiosity, is anyone subscribed to my statuses? so i can apologize for my constant updates lol"
missing the two cows and that loser that are subscribed to my statuses lol they better text me
los polloito     pillo pillo pillo
los pollitos dicen pillo pillo pillo cuando tienen hambre cuando tienen frio
this man had use nerve to do what he did and now he is calling all night hop off down to the side in which ever direction you must go but go away!
pillo pillo pillo lol good morning world have a nice day  smile 
moo la vaca moo la vaca moo la vaca lol! mis vaca es muy bonito y muy malo <propfemale> es mi amigo y mi amor 
100% girl cow lol
omg i have got to go now!
steph reading the menu: how do you pronounce that? (fuze) foozay? lol what a silly vaca
lifted a total of ten thousand pounds today and did five <propmale>! im on it lol
"set fire to the rain, rolling in the deep: <propfemale>"
this chick got a minute exactly    go lol
i hope facebook corrects itself
"seriously, who are we to say when christ will return for judgement day let it go! he will return when the time is right whether its tonight may 21 or 2012"
missed the stupid bus! atleast now i have time to get these doughnuts
thanks for telling them i still effect glad to know its still there sn shut your mouth those people laugh and tell everything you say they don't care about you
you got it - j  <propmale>  wink 
im mad im about to address a bunch of people just because
1  i don't have hair by choice i like it  no i don't care what you think no i don't need to grow it back what you need to do is mind yours  wink 
2  stop lying to me because you think it sounds good just stop it you are my father i have to love you regardless
3  im sorry you think that im stalking you but after i graduate with this premed certification i will help you find out what's wrong you i think you are nuts
4  ha ha you suck bad you think you just are the best  you aren't raise your kid bimbo and stop running in the streets and stay out of mine   seriously
5  you make me sick i wish you would just leave me alone  always harassing me and omg i can't stand you im just trying to be nice
6  you like me o so much and every time i turn around a different chick is talking about how you called her last night  lol think i didn't know i do
"hope i didn't hurt her feelings, but she needed to hear that  i love her so i said it  i wouldn't take it back"
that bird looks like a white rat that flies lol what a silly vaca
done with the lies from people today    have a nice night!
you can't be a part time crackhead! its a full time job! lol this man is hilarious
being home sick is no fun most likely staying home tomorrow
omg burst his window on the car house push the baby and beat his sister down and fight him lol! my mom is a straight t h u g
doctor visit
i want a set of makeup brushes for my birthday lol just incase anyone cares lol
omg why is this chemistry lecture so long today!?
i just love my two vaca's they make me muy feliz <propfemale> mejia and precious godhappens hill ahhh just typing their names makes me happy  smile 
omg does anyone know what superlative i won?!
alright lets do this
lord i know i asked you to guide me to the answer to my issues but please let this be a guide and not a test of my restraint  amen
"freak out  wink \ lol"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhcnfjfjdjnjzsi
shake it baby shake it do the worm dance  wink 
he just made me go black and turquoise
these girls are crazy! you crazy in you're elbows lol!
im trying to have the longest three way conversation ever call me!
weird morning but he just told me everything i ever needed to know lol great day chilling with my vacas tonight
im not crazy im just not a push over i don't tolerate that crap and i speak my mind let it go
i look like a nasty lint monster
finished my running before my eye appointment  smile 
i love my <propfemale> pooh lol and im praying for my preciouskins
waiting on <propfemale>  smile  smile  smile 
waiting on <propfemale> and precious
party at my house! lol
party is over now peoples lol had a great time <propfemale> and <propfemale> played dress up in my clothes lol and precious was the photographer   smile ) all smiles
almost exactly one month to the big day lol my love nut j just reminded me i hope she is doing alright  happy sunday people 
but love don't change  girl you still hold me close when you see me and you let me know that you need me  - love don't change jeramih
idk what the flip is going on but i feel like something isn't right and my feelings are hurt can't believe she sent me that bull
and im mad as ever but i still hope she is alright  how are you gonna send that when you never told me anything was wrong smh
about to make this relationship official before bedtime lol
scratch that still single lol
i feel like she and i just broke up i feel empty and confused i had 3 people i can always count on outside of home  its looks like its actually just 2
in a great behind mood i look good smell good feel good im in such a great mood im feel cocky lol good morning world  <propfemale> hurry up and get a move on  laugh 
so im about 3 minutes away from school and the <propfemale> sings in about thirty minutes f a i l
can't believe she on this for real its all good im still going to do what i gotta do for me when it all comes down to it
about to erase you from my life goodbye
i won most talkative lol
just stepped in a nasty pile of mud!
i remember looking you in your eyes and being able to read what perceived as love in your eyes  smh
oh just great my phone has been dead all evening since and i get home to find im in trouble for being half hour late getting home  sad  bittersweet day gn fb
f a i l
i can't believe this crap!
what to do what to do? not staying for chemistry  how do i occupy my time til mom gets off?
longest twelve minutes of my life i hope she doesn't get mad because im here 
five minutes!
showtime!
i know she doesn't want to see me but still i haven't seen her since sunday
im leaving
"if it look this good, i wonder how it taste, baby if i touch your body, hear you scream my name, would you whisper to me its yours? you control my senses "
baby all my senses  wink  would you whisper to me its yours? girl you smell so gentle and pure  5 senses jeramih
i know for a fact i love him  laugh  there is no denying this feeling
aww i love <propfemale>!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
my intentions to be on time were good people lol good morning enjoy your day
this has to stop! i need to exercise some discipline and be on time to school! on time i thought senioritis was a myth lol not i need to g i t lol
now if there is one thing people need to learn about me its this: don't make me mad ever that's when i get very technical with you and hurting feelings
its b e a u t i f u l outside
dude got raped lol oh my!
working out for an hour ready set go
my birthday is exactly one month away and my stephanies is four days before mine
night night world
morning fb really sad no one reminded me of the day i had socks and a headband for today maybe next year any one that pinches me gets slapped  wink 
so this guy leans out of the window of a yellow bus and says to me b     you baldheaded like thank god you can see that you ignorant child lol its by choice
let the rain fall down
my mommy loves me!!!!
im sick of arguing about this seriously! its not even that important and regardless its still my decision
waiting on this hispanic chick to call me before i make a trip to the ss lol
darn i forgot i told that chick i was gonna call her later the one with the cute face <propfemale> waste and big booty lol ttyl fb
people be on moose
on time for school!! geeked!
now what?
<propfemale> is a l o s e r
just saw this dude all up his butt lol n a s t y
feeling honest ask me anything in my inbox and i will post the answer as a status
"q what happened with me and that one guy?\a idk we just grew apart "
"q why can't we just move on from those people? \a we can and im about to cross the finish line  wink  wink "
"q why do i keep cutting my hair?\a because i can a n d if you can't deal with it lose my number  wink  much love though babes"
"q why can't we just move on from those people? \a jonay, we can and im about to cross the finish line  wink  wink "
"q  why are you so darn cute?\a  i get it from my mama  wink  lol there is your made up question"
"q why did i forget my question? ily sister \a  lol idk ily too  wink "
"q why are you just so darn cute to me? \a idk lol there is your second made up question"
"q can i touch your butt? lmao\a if i can touch yours lol"
"q why haven't i died my hair purple yet? \a because you are dying your hair purple loser lol"
"q  can i touch your butt\ laugh \a  no my butt is off limits to you lol"
"q do you wanna smell my butt?\a maybe if you can show me where you hide yours i don't believe i have ever seen you with one"
"q  how come we dont txt?\a idk we just don't"
"q: whys your butt off limits to that person who asked u but not me? lmao\a  just because you asked that it's off limits\now lol ha"
<propfemale> gorins is in a relationship with?????  should i or shouldn't i ? advice people   
alrighty the two besties just declared it and so did lady <propmale> so its official
menea mami menea
about to get a move on
i have a weird craving for a banana split i don't even eat that kind of ice cream lol happy  laugh 
trying to get home i need to see my mom before she leaves
on the verge of a breakdown i have been trying for the last hour to get home and i keep missing curses missed my mommy on her big day!im mad!
mad about college its like people don't want you there and don't want to invest in you to get you there! omg frustrated
hope my vaca enjoys quience practice i love her
she just really <propmale> up on me after tellin me she missed me! its all good im ignoring you for t h r e e days! now punk! (unless you say sorry)
somebody call me! i am beyond bored! inbox for the number  laugh 
still awake!
like i said f off can't believe you even let that stuff come out of your mouth! wtf ever
"my head is p o u n d i n g i can hear my heartbeat in my ear and i want to vomit, h u r t and m a d"
gn world starting to just not care  word of advice be careful for what you wish and what you really ask for  he wanted it here you go 
my cow is a j-hole and so is my other bestie and my <propfemale> is mad at me i wake up and my mommy isnt home and neither is lady <propmale> and ive been sleep for 10 hrs
aww man i love my <propfemale> and berto they always have my back  laugh 
minea mami minea  wink  wink  wink  wink  wink 
my mom is hilarious even when she doesn't speak
i got a hit list of five people hit like to find out if you are on it  laugh 
i got a hit list of five people hit like to find out if you are on it  laugh 
so only one person knows they are on my list there are still four people left hit like to find out if its you
"would you whisper to me its yours? control my senses, baby all my senses  if it looks this good i wonder how it taste   wink  wink  wink  wink  wink "
hey has me hurting from out long conversation but its alright im going to correct that until he can do it himself
it just might have to be a cold day in hell before i accept your apology you can have the same standin in my heart as the them  your apology means nothing to me
you got forty eight hours g o
bus driver just splashed mud all over my pants and that means when i get to school i will have missed calculus pointless to even go who wants to skype me for my first time lol
can not wait to <propfemale> out my hit list !! those people are in really deep and only person knows they are on the list hit like to find out if you are one of the remaining four
"-hacked by the cutesy vaca! llol\\lady ive seen enough, call me!"
ahhh man i love my vaca she's my ride til they die  wink 
"single or not put this as your status see what u get   inbox only\? - i want a relationship\ smile  - i like u a lot\ sad  - i miss u a lot\ laugh  - you sexy beautiful\         ;0 - i want u but i can't have u\# - i want your number\ sad  - i'm stupid for leaving u\ smile  you're a great friend"
dude thinks he's the best thing to happen to me since fband my cell phone not and im not going to forgive him that easily
no i dont want you to leave your girl i dont want a relationship i dont want you to care how i feel it doesnt matter at this point and time is running out fast just know if you dont figure out what i want its all over all of it  and i swear i wont look back
cant believe <propfirst> jagiel left us to do those disgusting calculus problems in ap calc today!!! but like she always says i atleast want you all to try and oh boy did we try lol she better be back tomorrow or else!!! aww man i love that lady lol
im back!
on my way to this tac meeting and i mean business today!!!! can't wait to see <propfemale> <propfemale> m i love that little vaca
giving this little girl a gift that's almost here! she better appreciate it that little mierta
night night fb
i know that i have the capacity and ability to do this because i am my mothers child  we are just going to do it like nike and go the extra mile
just deleted every contact i have hit me up with your name and number
ok nevermind people the <propfirst> are all back!
yes yes yes we just went in to do it like nike and we found the shoe!! insider :-> <propfemale> we are done! stick a fork in it baby! lol aha
missed my boo glad i talked to her im almost at school  smile ) on time!
im glad i talked to my other boo bear last night too while i was on that good pro g
a=1 2(b1+b2) h
so did it stop snowing or is it just not snowing on the northside?
if you are subscribed to my statuses comment with one letter or one number or one symbol
really mad at my best friend he sucks
my little vaca is about to go out and party im so worried! have fun little one!
having my first migraine this week i should have know they wouldn't stay away
i hate it when people lie to me for no apparent reason just say no but im out of here wish me luck
i found the lady for the cap and gown pictures! she includes make up and retouching in her price hit her up on fb @ soulestial studios and get her inbox
hey baby i think i wanna marry you  love  just say i dooooooooooooooooooooo  wink 
"dear god, \i know i recently prayed and begged for my head to stop hurting please make it stop im nauseous and want to cry  \amen, <propfemale> gorins"
neither afraid nor mad at love just mad and afraid of the people that use the word in vain
four pills and almost four hours later im feeling well enough to at least sleep gn world
terrible dream! i hate doing that to him in those dreams even though i know he deserves it he doesn't deserve it that bad  ready to cry  surprise 
mad at one my best friends and won't tell him why issue is he should already know why  smh!
"dear precious, \i have had to delete my text messages twice because of your high status capacity  please slow down on the updates thank you \love, <propfemale>"
i need twenty to a million dollars
good night world
good morning world!
i need someone to come get me and bring me to school im going to be late! and i don't want to be 
yay! a bus i see a bus! i can not wait for april to come on so i can get a car and this plastic i can't keep riding this bus! no sir!
left my glasses at home! shoot  annoyed 
why is this dude calling lil <propmale> the g word because he eats fruit loops and trix cereal? shut up! what a loser!
on time! yeah baby! lets do it im on my n i k e today!
ooh im so thirsty!!!
another migraine coming on these things kill me
k im ok roll with the punches right? imma just keep fighting and just do it me and <propfemale> gotta get on our nike  wink  thanks p and <propfemale>
good night world! headache free but im starving oh well to lazy to get up! night night my vaca and my <propfemale> bun and sham wow and my bestest <propmale> and others  smile 
forgot to call that one sexy chick with the huge booty no im not calling world lol jk jk <propfemale> stay up!
yes! going to find the shoe its a two month trip but im up for it imma just do it and im headed in the right direction!
spring i want you to know you're a loser and matthews you are one too and <propfemale> im proud of you
if your first derivative is positive your graph is increasing if its negative its decreasing  if your second derivative is positive its concave up negative down
a^u a^u du
"ln(0)=non existant\ln(1)=0\ln(2)= 69"
regretting my decision of not applying down south for college now
this girl was mad and hungry so she ate her phone f a i l  s m h
"vaca-your eyes look like they are about to fall out of your eye sacks lol\puerco- you mean yoursocket lol\vaca- this is going to be a fb stat isn't it? \lmbo"
take it out and stick it in the next best thing lol insider
irritated ready to go home and sleep no calls or texts unless you know i will talk to you  good evening facebook
just deleted about thirty plus <propfirst> if you text and i say who is this you already know what's up
im about to be mean hit like to see if you irritate me and how i really feel im about to be brutally honest some people need a reality check
someone tell me happened on the season finale of the game
is teen mom 2 still on?
alright people lets get up clean our butts and rock these exams best of luck
going on an adventure with my vaca today to plan this service project to a t good luck on exams people
why would people want to get high in front of the school let alone get high at all i d i o t s
hardest thing i have ever taken in my life i always want to cry after an ap test
on the bus with a bunch of p house kids lets see what's really good
i am going to beat her as soon as i see her she is taking me in a full circle im finishing what i started yesterday be certain little vaca very afraid
another adventure with the vaca and my mommy  laugh 
good times lol good times beat your meat! everybody! you with the bookbag lol
so now im not a responsible individual and im not ready to a leader wow thanks
im mad
movie with lady <propmale> missing the little vaca
in a great mood ask me anything hit my inbox feeling especially honest tonight
q  would you consider coming over my house? a  for what and when?
oh it is love from the first time i pressed my lips to yours thinking of is this love  wink 
 laugh 
alright and i just decided where to continue my education just like that
haircut!  laugh  ha ha already done so don't complain people
now what do i do tomorrow :-v the vaca is busy cleaning lol
guess im just chilling at home all day  back to sleep i go
bored until one what to do?
fifteen more days :->
im so glad he is following her on twitter but i want her to shut up and listen to me thanks a lot drake
we aren't crazy we are just very e playful ressive
she is working my emotions right now
she is working my emotions right now
i need a prom date  any ideas?
so angry with his behavior! at almost forty you still can't do for me what you are supposed to! i have no biological father i have a biological liar doner
i love my mommy  smile ) like if you love your mom
why is this happening now!! just like him to do this to me 
love me love me say that you'll love me fool fool me oh how you do me    tell me what i wanna hear and say that you'll love me  wink 
there is a lot going on in my moms life right now i hope it gets better and that she is ok
follow me on twitter simone_gorins
my babymama is getting me a piata for my bday im so excited best gift so far
my vaca is such a loser! she better have fun at practice!
trying to get my headache under control so i can listen to my vaca on the phone all i hear is my heart sounding in my ears
"dear 10-16 year old girl, <propfirst> bieber does not love you #justsaying\#getalife you are young move on"
el poosko! ma tus comprende el poosko? <propfemale> is mas funny! buenos noches el pescado vaca shrimpo 
if you wanna beep me i wont say no  touchin on my beep while im touchin your beep  wink  3oh!3 touchin on my
i feel so blessed right now love and basketball is on! bye peoples
#ihateitwhen i walk down the street and someone yells a and when i ignore they say you baldheaded anyway i knew that this morning and its by choice!
follow me on twitter @simone_gorins
you need to love yourself before you try to let someone else love you #justsaying
#ilovewhen its payday
#ilovewhen i wake up with a smile on my face for no reason
#ilovewhen music speaks to my soul
#ilovewhen haters give me words of discouragement it makes me work harder to keep making them mad
my best friend is slipping on her job #smh
watching for colored girls i want to cry all ready
i should be crying but i just can't let it show all the things we should have said that we never said make it go away  wink 
torta=a big taco sub lol
girl boom!
tossing and turning guess im on #teamnosleep tonight just like every other night
#goodnight
up ready and on time i know my vaca pescado shrimpo better contact me asap
peoples kids make me angry who gives a f about who got beat up and why you are damn near grown so #growup
i refuse to be found to a statistic because of my gender and race  i refuse to be bound at all  for hike the key that removes there chains  education- <propfemale> g
as we wall and travel this road of life we have the option of walking as the people before us or walking w  our own strides  its beings with that first step 
#ilovemybestfriend
have you seen this boy?
te puedo llevar a <propfemale> cuarto quitarte la ropa y mamar tu vicho  y cogerlo por detras  quiero tenerte por siempre  te amo  wink 
<propfemale> is a l o s e r! gotta love that cochina
ask me anything in my inbox i promise to give an answer i will only answer yes or no
i wanna talk to my best friend! little feo pescado vaca! y <propfemale> es cochina y grande  vaca no me moleste maana
te puedo llevar a <propfemale> cuarto quitarte la ropa y mamar tu vicho  y cogerlo por detras  quiero tenerte por siempre  te amo  wink 
lmao well shoot i guess i can't fly to el <propmale> and get me a new <propmale>ian since they can't use phones lol! my bestie is hilarious but still on my list!
watching the scream4 preview and laughing thinking was a preview for the next scary movie! #fail
you are a pretty girl you could be a stripper some thugs girlfriend or even a porn <propfemale> you have a lot of options lol this show is hilarious
#goodnight
my sun may never rise the way it did with you and i may never kiss me the way that you do but at least he doesn't make me cry i know i can call him mine
#teamnosleep that's what i get for taking a four hour nap and waking an hour before bedtime #smh
good morning to my <propfemale> bun my two besties and p money lol all smiles this morning  wink 
you wanna talk? i got you imma give you plenty to talk about starting in 3 2 1 now  wink  get ready
irresistible wisin y yandel  wink 
dancing randomly hope no one thinks im crazy
ugly fat short disgusting toad
ha ha and she is ugly! im excited!
#ihateitwhen people say tell me about yourself  just ask me what you really want to know!
people complain about others not saying what they really feel then when i do you get upset  don't ask for honesty then!
a relationship is between two people  not me you and your family and friends just me and you
true love is like an ocean its neverending and you don't see an end no matter which side you look from
why do men brag about what they do in the bedroom to other men isn't that a little gay its almost like you are advertising your services
if you do something and you love it and do it on a regular why lie and tell others you don't be proud of what you do you do it for a reason
no matter how much you lie on me you are still ugly and you are disgusting on the inside
you know you are nothing to people when they refer to you using someone else's name then yours ex: <propfemale>'s <propfirst>  ha ha lol
so you can shoot me dirty looks all you want because you think i want your man but he called me last night redirect your anger babes  wink 
attempting to fight at school is not called for to me  i've never once hesitated to give out my address save yourself the embarrassment of the after shock
funny how everything said about me is done when im not around but when i walk in a room you're silent  speak up let me hear your opinion to
old girl is getting her energizer on she is just going going going and soon she will be gone get you some which you still can lol
im done going crazy on my statuses for the night people lol
thank goodness im finally tired im about to head off to bed i will not be a member of #teamnosleep #goodnight
just missed my bus! gonna be a bad day
i can't even cry in this situation im not missing out on anything that was actually being given its like nothing changed but my title
not in the mood please don't contact me unless it is a complete must  unless i talk to you five out of the seven days a week do not hit my line  thank you
> sad 
to grandmas house i go for some cake and company lol
does anyone have music class fourth clock?
come on ya'll get some lol granny is hilarious
im not sleeping tonight
skype anyone?!
missing rachelhasthat preppygirlswagg <propfemale> right now
dude just said hey there hammy bammy dont beat her down then go wammy lol aww mann!!!! i love her crazy booty
<propmale> songz makes me feel sexyer than i already am  wink 
the secret is out and hopefully they will both stop stalking new or i gotta go find the white one and threaten the black one lol
im handing out once in a lifetime confessions right now hit like and i will say what ive always wanted to say to you in your inbox  im ready to build relationships and let people leave my life hit like
precious godhappens hill you got two hours and fifty seven minutes left
who wants to be my fb husband or wife?
here's to new beginnings  wink 
twenty nine more minutes! and my <propfemale> boo will no longer be a teenager lol i love you precious
twenty nine more minutes! and my <propfemale> boo will no longer be a teenager lol i love you precious
omg her speech is going h a m lol w a m before her birthday comes like b a m
i swear im the only idiot that would forget about their own tattoo lol sleeping now night night
im hurting like crazy for no reason but im on a mission today
shouts out to precious happy birthday
oh my god i can not take the bus with these darn pulaski kids everyday this ugly dude is steadily singing lookin a** in my ear shut up!
there is hope after all still crossin my fingers  smile )
i need a prom date interested hit my inbox
you freaking jerk! i hate you and you make me sick! i can't believe you
waiting on three important phone call and im thinking none of them will hit my line
i've never been more upset to see my alarm go off ever lol time to get out of here
never in my life would i ever beg!! you paying for what you can't have and then when you get caught you want to shift the blame? play the game better
fifty percent done with this class amen!
ready to leave!!!
i feel lonely and empty and i miss jw sm rm md and the soon to be sh
so i've heard that i've scared three people with my behavior and actions this week im sorry to all offended  but i can't promise im done  im sorry for that too 
sick of people don't call me or text me im not in the mood leave me alone!!!!
some people just aren't mature enough to do anything  let alone function  #growup
<propfirst> hausch is the sweetest person ever lol
taking a party bus to prom this year  i need about 30 people and the price will be about 20 a person the bus has a wii and tv as well as a pole  wink  hit my box
"first it was thursday, next its tuesday!  smile ) then saturday!"
"first it was thursday, next its tuesday and finally its going to be saturday! !"
"u shut u, my birthday on a weekend so it gta be in big capital letters, hell nah, u aint special "
really wants to get out tonight but i have absolutely nothing to do  annoyed 
still need people for the limo abot 16 more hit my inbox its going to be about 20-30 dollars or call me 306-2670 you dont need to do the full amount right away i just have to have a ten dollar deposit by firday let me know the site is churchillimo com and its the white fusion lexus
cutting my phone off good bye people
still need twelve more people for the limo  smile 
"if you ever want to make god laugh, tell him your plans  its so true "
going on this short journey i know my mom is worried but <propfemale> i will be right back
found my prom date   wink  a sexy one at that lol
busy don't call or text
aww man i love <propfemale> even more than i did yesterday  smile ) she understands me #ilovemybestfriend
bored about to leave i had a very productive and enjoyable morning afternoon  time to kick off my afternoon evening #leggo
that's why yo girlfriend gone let me clap! aha lol insider
the heat brings out the hot boys  wink 
still need ten people for the limo by wednesday all i need is your name and ten dollars then the last fifteen is due the week of prom  hit my inbox
jonay call me i finally the answers!
in a matter of a year i cut three <propmale> people out of my life  don't make yourself the fourth 
<propfemale> and i only have five more days til our big day and my little vaca is turning the big 16 i remember when she was fourteen  yay! tuesday!!
oh baby you got what i need but you say im just a friend  wink 
one hour and fifty seven minutes! its the final countdown!
im sick of trying to put forth an effort in this friendship  its not that important to you  forget it! saturday we'll see what happens and im making my decision
"omg i just had an \e p i p h a n y\its going to be just fine! im going to be alright because i am beautiful, amazing, and special "
its my girls birthday! she is finally sixteen its time to go get the permit and crash a car lol driving and texting  jk i love you <propfemale> enjoy your day
omg people trying to drive me nuts this morning  but im not going lol still have a big grin in my heart that radiates to my face   smile ) have a nice day
im so into you  wink 
so worried about him  god please continue to watch over him and shelter him with safety  amen
"praying praying praying  god, i know you are listening  i need for this man to be alright and well  amen"
"im done talking  i've said everything that i have to say! e v e r y t h i n g  for those of you who have poor comprehension, i got something better for you "
what a bad day! it couldn't get any worst
don't contact me unless your name is <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> or your last name it ratliff jones or gorins
te odio! me das asco  traga <propfemale> y pira pieeras  que es fea y gorda y ignorante  te quiero pegas hasta que te pongas negra y azul  punta
<propfemale> fea chiquito y gordo <propfemale> quiere tu fea <propfemale> de culo 
bastardo miserable como pudiste decir eso  mentiroso  espero que <propfemale> sea gorda y fea  apuesto a que ni sirves en la cama  comete <propfemale> vicho  me vas a desear 
"si te preg<propfemale>tara, me lo das? me dieras todo de ti? fuera por <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfemale> mes, <propfemale> a~o, <propfemale>a <propfemale>? sea el tiempo q t tuviera fuera suficiente"
feeling much better  my apologies to all of those offended by my words  i was taken outside of myself but im better now   smile )
k so im awake how do i feel? no idea  lets try for a good day
pulaski people are nuts! crazy people about to start a riot! im scared lol stop the madness!!! lol
aha feeling amazing all of a sudden  music uplifts the soul  wink  and right now im feeling higher than i've been
ha ha got this little girls balloons! she is gonna flip
who wants to be my profile picture?
don't take it out smell it and put it back  if you're gonna take it out you better eat it  wink  insider
<propmale> it smack it pull it lol! insider <propfemale> is cracking me up!!
<propfemale> e culo azucar
running to clear my mind  halfway to a mile 
no one loves you more than me  and no one ever will    tell me who i have to be  <propfirst> hill
gone n'sync
just cracked my damn phone ugh so so so so so so so so so so so so angry
if god wanted us to walk backward he would have given us eyes in the back of our heads  s  gorins
ugh its bitterly cold!
"beg for it , <propfirst> brown"
estoy muy cansado  sad 
it feels like fall not spring  sad 
<propfemale>!! donde <propfemale> mi hermosa vaca!
beautiful day! i turn the big 18 tomorrow estoy muy feliz
aquellas fugaces a su alrededor el fuego los cometas yo podia llevar a su travs y cerrarlas onyx no no lo estas imaginado que estan viendo que <propfemale> a largo
 annoyed   get home and no one is here! i missed those people today 
sigh! lol that was easy to show my mom now its time to get ready to kick off my birthday weekend!
my <propfemale> bun just hurt my feelings  sad 
im legal in one hour and fifty six hours
im legal in one hour and fifty six minutes
stop acting so damn childish and pick up the phone you are being a <propfemale> e culo you be complaining about your decision but don't wanna fix it idiota
they just <propmale> up on me
thank you <propfemale> for the happy birthday and happy happy happy happy birthday to you! second and second thank you jonay and <propfemale>  i love you all
thanks for the birthday wishes even though my phone isn't sending them! im legal!! lol i can hit the stip clubs and vote! aye!
thank you <propfemale> for the happy birthday and happy happy happy happy birthday to you! second and second thank you jonay and <propfemale>  i love you all
she has twenty minutes to call and say happy bday before i show up on her door step  i can't believe her  thanks for all the bday wishes
<propfemale> and <propfemale> are feeling hilarious! they know me so well! happy birthday to me and <propfemale> j  <propfemale> bun feel better baby we been waiting all month for today
thanks to all of you guys for the birthday wishes  almost time to kick off the rest of my birthday night!
out for the night  bye
three more hours lol #leggo
i hate you!!!
omg i love <propfemale> today was a great day! thanks again for all the wishes  just wanna go home call my boo and sleep  smile ) that circle thing was great
sleep! -_- yay!
time to get up and start up my day off with a  smile ) feeling amazing going to see my boo babe haven't seen her in a while
estoy feliz que finalmente la <propfemale> se tomo <propfemale> tiempo pero eso <propfemale> bien me preg<propfemale>to cuanto tiempo <propfemale>  permanecer no importa como me largo disfrutar a cada moment
he just told me he doesn't like gorditas im hurt lol
no me moleste  smile )
yo quiero <propfemale> gordita!
i can't can't can't even contemplate waiting one more minute let me just in it i brought you flowers and a teddy-mike posner
he is making me feel so spechless my heart says it all the sound of his voice speaks to my heart and his touch speaks to my soul my heart is finally waking up 
waiting on my babe to call  <propfirst> where you at?
shouldn't have told the truth but honesty is everything and then some  its already been said and i can't take it back
im about to cry my eyes out  last time i give someone my one hundred percent  just goes to show people don't mean it when they say unconditional love good night
really need to talk to <propfirst> have to confess the evenings events to him and cry im so upset
singing: just say i doooooo tell me right baby  wink   love  good morning world
lets try this again  im so worried so afraid but i trust you with all of me to have me and hold me in your heart  im ready to take a <propmale> and a leap on faith 
ahhh im so tired! i just want to sleep! tomorrow im not leaving my bed except for the primary things like food water and the bathroom lol
omg <propfirst> has me rolling! he pleads the fifth?! well plead on baby plead on lol
friday----> so far away feels like its gonna be a million years
finally! im next  smile )
if you've been trying to call or reach me in the last three hours no i haven't been ignoring people my phone was dead  hit me up
"im not mad at you, what you did wasn't ok, and it won't be  there's only so many things that bother me, that was one  forgiveness, slad i can exercise it"
mount the moose! lol <propfemale> 
im about to take thirty minutes from the world  bye be back at 9
"me:where do pineapples grow?\josh surprise n trees babe duh!\me:no they grow on bushes\josh:no they grow on trees \this picture is about to blow his mind! lol"
can i have all of you every last piece from your mind to your soul your heart to your kiss your love to provide me pure bliss a trade for a trade mine for yours
good night world
i meant i was staying in my room today  today i don't feel like doing anything i just wanna lay in my bed    <propmale> mars said it best in the lazy song  smile )
<propfirst> just called me fat! lol what a jerk! im kidding but that was rude lol
chilling with the bestie  the other one dissed me but doesnt matter u i love this one more anyways
"absolutely everything is making me wanna cry im going to sleep  annoyed -s"""
hit my inbox i'll answer anything 
<propfemale> im so sorry i was mean to you i was just being grumpy  you know i haven't let there be anyway that i didn't talk to your crazyself  i love you <propfemale>
i can't make it fit through that small hole! im mad now and i keep pushing and it just won't go > sad 
aye <propfirst> how much money you got on the quest card?? omg my daddy is too funny
im so childish lol!
im all strung out my heart is fried i just can't get you out my mind    your live is my drug ke$ha
she can forget about it im about to go my first day not talking to her mean butt! jerk! best friend my culo
and yeah that's how i feel puta
yeah i said it tramp! now what get some get some
he fell asleep on me with no goodnight lol off to bed i go even though im not tired
"wondering if you're my next big mistake  thinking i regret my decision to take a <propmale>  but its whatever  it is what it is, right?"
releasing people from my life today  be on the look out for that goodbye text especially if we've argued in the last week  im not feeling the things people say
"don't hold your breath waiting on me, you just might turn blue and die  your fault not mine "
"callate el maldito hosico dije no quise decir no, quiero decir no  no m sigas molestando cuando te voy a dar la misma respuesta  callate, carajo "
my goodness i swear to god if i have to say that one more time i am going to hurt someone's i been saying the same thing for four days  believe it or let it go
"i can't believe what they have me in the middle of right now  <propfirst>, where the freak are you?"
so he and i are at a standstill he life to me when he didn't need to not once but three times  guess we will decid tomorrow  tonight is a night of deep thought 
fish face!!! berto you are a f o o l! love   laugh 
and that feeling of nausea just came creeping back
on hold   but it wont be forever  its just a matter of time  im waiting patiently
hit me up for my new number
you are a liar! for no reason   yeah get yourself together alright i'm not waitin
steph omfg that was close!! lol
let me be the one who loves you the most  no more chasing love  i just wanna fall in lovecan you make me fall in love again  f i l a
missing my little monster vaca and i hate to admit it but missing my boo bear a little oh well  hope my snookie vaca has fun 2day i'm over there tomorrow
finally fb works for this crazy phone  new number inbox for it  out and about for the day
gonna have to get this tattoo fixed not happy about that
my bestie has absofreakiniknowshemusthavely lost her mind call me mierda
idk what to believe right now  i'm so lost right now    wow
even when the sky comes falling  even when the sun don't shine    this love is a sure thing 
hit like for a confession 
omg still awake i wish i actually slept at night
party at the besties house after she gets off work b-)    feeling better
"i have a million  things i want to say to 10 people i particular, but i cant help but wonder what it would do to them to know how i really absolutely positively felt about them  it would break their hearts and they would know to never cross paths with me every again  how about this if they hit me up today they can get every word i have for them  promise"
"sis:what if someone stripped us took my shoes and your phone?\me:that's 400 dollars we killin somebbody!\lol that's the hood 4 ya"
easter egg hunt for the family per my sisters request   besties house tonight  smile 
"i hope they never find out what they already know  so we won't confirm the fling,keep avoiding all the questions  i'm probably a little bit in love w  you drake"
on my way to the besties house time to kick my night off ttyl fb
ugh look at that white stuff on it you ain't even look at it you just swallowed it
gorditas!!!!!!!! i love my bestie
its all dripping and wet and you're eating it ugh
take it easy on your throat tis essential for what you're doing you can't do it without it
that's why i'm scared to put it in it might break off
teach me show me guide me   
i hate getting messages from you  i hate the ish you do but i still text you back and say i miss you too
stay down there imma work up here
why are people so sensitive tonight
thinkk this is gonna be an all nighter but i'm up for it #leggo
instead of singn for he's a jolly good fellow this chick just sang the cat went over the mountain
"l o o k you mf, go down "
happy easter everyone
rude! i'm hurt
teach me - <propmale>  love  yes!
moving the party to my house  wink  taking the bestie to meet my granny
i want mi vaca to have a good time she is just sitting here  sad 
watching my lil vaca at dance class she caught on quick go girl get it!!
irritated and ready for bed seriously  i can't even believe he tried this but whatever  ready to sleep right after this hunt 
inbox me <propfirst> colors whatever in bored
"green, my homie my other ride til they die  i kno we are some heartless cold mf's but i love ur crazy butt sooo much i know always no mttr wht i can count on u"
#5 my other little homie even i only see you when i sneak into your school i kno you are just the sweetest person that talks to mi little cow stay that way
pretty pink ahaha at that name but you are my ride til every1 dies ily but no buts i love your lil loca culo lol
keep those <propfirst> and colors coming
red polo  wink  hit my inbox
7165829 you make sick and i don't like you go away
hot pink ily <propfemale> you always make me laugh
zebra print pink even though we hardly see eachother when we do i get excited  i miss you girl
blue where did you get such a poetic soul from? you seem much more mature than your age  you are gonna find someone that's worth your time
green leaf you are such a great person never change
69 hahaha nice number i'm mad we lost contact hit my inbox for the number
shitty brown lol perfect color and object that's how ur face looks thnks for fathering my kids with my wife  we still boxing though
911 perfect number lol ily but i mean i still feeling neglected its not too late to repair our marriage lol
movie time with the bestie and the silblings ttyl fb
omg steph is running out of here like a rocket i hope everything is ok i feel miserable about to vomit hope i feel well enough for the project tomorrow
finally feeling a bit better
lost my freaking wallet
whoever buys me some sidewalk chalk will forever have my heart i swear it
up earlly made breakfast a corn tortilla w  eggs cheese and steak brain food  back to school i go
being honest as ever if your name isn't <propfirst> medina and you go to pulaski i don't have 2 words for you today  and i'm dead a**
geez that workout was intense i enjoyed my week off now its back to the normal routine i go
home!  smile 
i'm a sucker for love  love 
<propfemale> you going to school?
<propfemale> are you at school yet?
got another 2 and a half hours to go
of all the people in this world to lie to why me? i don't lie to you i don't care what it is i never lie!
going to sleep mad and bored meeting at 4 ugh sorry steph
you ugly mf whatever you did to piss her off i got your skinny alien looking culo you don't deserve her so why treat her like mierda? puta
i'm mad and feel disgusted and this doesn't even directly involve me but it directly effects me you better hope i don't see you tomorrow
don't you just hate itt when nothing behind people get upset when you say i don't wanna talk? so you mad now? when you said bye that was it i'm not going to wait for you! can you say disposible that's your new name
i try so hard not to get mad because when i do i see everything in red and i feel scary to myself! i try so hard to be decent to people i really do
taking colors # and questions lol
red my little poetic homie i have to make a trip 2 ur school soon
yellow  laugh 
sky blue my homie from back in the day  laugh  imu
just purchased my mf'n brand new nike shoe  <propfemale> we in there lol
that wasn't my intention  oh well its done now
describe me in one word using the following letters: i m s e o and n most importantly n
sooooooooo bored i need to focus on this homework  sad 
no calls or texts  going to bed sad i feel bad for saying it but that's how i felt and that's how you make me feel sometimes like i just don't do anything
so i guess i must not do anything you make me feel like a bad person and like i'm useless idk what else to do i feel like my existance causes you problems
so idk what i will do tomorrow but it will be something  i'm sick of feeling useless and bothersome 
"<propfemale> <propfemale> m\<propfirst> medina\i'm really wanting to straight up murder 4 people today "
"precious godhappens hill\aye girl i am not hard to talk to we haven't fallen apart you just walked away from me its ok though when your world stops rapidly spinning i'm here "
"<propfirst> jedi-theincrediblehulk nicholson\i'm reallllllllllyyyyyy mad at you"
hit like and i will make a status about you
"<propfirst> datnineosixniggaah williams\we harldy talk anymore  jerk but great morning enjoy school"
"<propfemale> <propfemale> zastrow\my little sexy lol have fun at school i will see you later  wink "
"<propfemale> fowlerbaby\cuz, we have to get together soon tell that bald man i call my daddy to throw me a party lol"
"mrss' cox\girl  imma need for you to stop looking so mean in the halls smile"
ilove my best friend she is a silly butt though
 sad 
let me gt my speech on so <propfemale> doesn't have to call <propfemale> to get the esn's
yo quiero bailar!! menea <propfemale> menea til it falls off lol
this girl just asked me who the f tupac was!!! heck no i don't have anything to say to her 
man i'm cold cold cold in this dress
3
you can't stand me but you broke my heart so idgaff! done kissn culo i dnt owe u anythng bt wht i've given and if that wasn't enough to get u thru hrd times bye
try me and get your feelings hurt should have thought twice before picking up the phone and using my number 
i know <propfemale> better say she is going to be my prom date or else! and we eating gorditas afterward  hit me up sexy lol
i miss my bestie's  crying 
i'm trying to tell precious obama killed binladen they captured him 10yrs ago and tortured him  bush was ladens business partner
go obama go 10 points for <propfemale> 0 for the terrorists!
<propfemale> mf'n mejia i love you girl lol
"crazy mf? i am one  \\steady mobbin'\lil <propmale>"
i really need to talk to my best friend and she's busy i feel so lonely
you make me feel giddy and alive beautiful capable and amazing    well you used to now you just make me sick
"i absofreakindarntoutelyfreakindoodely love <propfemale>! \\my ride til all them mf's die!! \just think of this as our next ride out boo"
"look into the equals eye and say i am nothing like you, why? b**** see it gets me how nothing gets me or gets to me  lil <propmale> ~ shoot me down"
"i know caspers gothic salvadorian cousin!! \lol"
"comment and i will post on ur wall\1 how we met\2 first impression\3 what i like about you\4 why we are friends"
berto has me rolling over here lol but he's right lol!
why do people lie?????  wow but ok  you can't put anything past a psychopath
"the day after graduation, people can forget about it i'm changing my number and only 4 people from high school will have it  the rest of you guys can forget it!"
"earth,\a place where insignificant things mean more than they are worth \where ignorance is bliss\where people don't have common sense\where life is a game "
"know that the lies, games and psycho behavior gets you no where in life \think about it you have pushed yourself back even further than before \miserable people"
"you are a whore, liar and a player,\it won't last because in the end what good do you posses? what can you do lie and plot? nothing? that's just what you are "
"disengage\disengage\disengage\disengage\disengage\disengage\d i s e n g a g e"
"i'm harder than superman\i bounce back like a rubberband\\ wink \\mr yeah"
chicken nuggets from bk r the nastiest and the toughest!
watching toy story 3 in ap  calculus and these toys ate wreckless!!! lol
"just know i'm sick of you! everytime you breath it just pushes me further and further away, sad  \can't say i didn't try  when its not there its just not \bye"
"seeing you makes my head spin my heart accelerate and my blood boil \&\ the worst part is idk if that's good or not "
"business is business and play is play \either way its yours to take care of not anyone elses \bottom line _______ handle yours!"
what do you need to file a restraining order? does anyone know?
"ish w  him ain't g no more you ain't entertained  wink \wiz k\roll up"
"ok we don't want no problems ok your a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?\lil <propmale> \steady mobbin"
"busy busy busy day tomorrow!\scholarship ceremony \&\the mf'n besties 15 party!"
a tsunami of swagger lol wow
"baby your heart is safe with me\i wanna show you what love is supposed to be\and i wanna give you all of this street love"
