bd5b35b8b12a5e3d9bf14759c811ac85
no love for me?
est tellement triste 
one loves the rain when one is lonely
how i wish i can be happy   
"don't e playful lain, quiet   don't e playful lain   "
going to sleep at 9 today
"writing that english essay  finishing up that french work? btw, when is evaluation of sources due?"
going to sleep at 9 today
going to sleep at 10 smile 0 today
a bit lonely
"almost finished with evaluation of sources, but i just don't feel happy   "
such a lonely night
"history reading ch  13, history analysis, biology diagram and questions, hi-q packet memorize, math questions individual and team, insurance fill out, download music, photoshop upload pictures     what else is due?"
"worked all day, little free time"
"so, so sad "
raining nights are the loneliest 
"when others are partying, i'm working  when they work, i'm working  when they go to sleep, i'm still working "
such a beautiful night
wish i have the time to stop and listen to the rain
sigh
text me 251-423-3899
what's up with all the profile pictures being pokemon?
it hasn't rained in days
so sad   
science project: an inspiration from previous works 
science project: finished!
tame me!
"no homework, first time"
"downpour, o_q"
"   o,q"
history reading: awfully detailed
looking for a new deal
be my <propfirst>?
"silent night, holy night all is calm, all is bright"
no one will be my <propfirst>?
finished the script for iop  yay! 1300 words 
why do everyone come on 10  o'clock every night?
when's the french oral exam?
why pirating is better than paying http annoyed  cache gawkerassets com assets images 17 2010 02 pirate-vs-pay png
does not have a true friend
has overdone the cat thing
procrastination formula: u = e x v   i x d u: <propfemale> to complete the task e: e playful ectation of success v: value of completion  i: immediacy of task  d: personal sensitivity to delay
student and teacher fraternity university: stfu
am i the only one who hates this week?
take a walk with me in the rain?
petition: take off that <propmale> x paper please  we are already stressed enough 
should be working on that history paper  someone warns me of the danger of procrastination!
not even half way with that history paper  will work more tomorrow morning
sparknotes: 15 minutes could earn you 15% higher on your history paper 
where do you find white response to <propmale> x?
what's up with so many ppl on facebook?
exhausted
why in the world did they put me in political and security committee?
finished that resolution for dimun
"gosh, why do i have to read 100+ most recent news feed every day?"
what have i done for the last two years?
i've spent too much time on wrong things for the last two years
we made chinese doughnuts today
cleaned the entire house by myself
can't believe that i'm actually happy at the end of today 
am i impatient or just tired?
want to know why i was so melancholy yesterday?
"is kinda-sorta weird, impatient, easily jealoused, and suffering from periodic insaneness "
"well, i've been afraid of changing, cause i've built my life around you "
finished that fr  cascade
"what is the answer to life, the universe, and everything, minus the number of horns on a unicorn? www goo gl s6mp"
she stole my heart in the trailer park
cries silently   
can barely keep my eyes open
"oh, i know what they are gonna do"
seems like everyone woke up just now
1066!
what the heck! historians have argued for decades american government's role in the great depression  ms  knott e playful ect us to e playful lain it all in a 5 paragraph essay?
"gorgeous, intelligent, kind, sweet, charming, witty, hilarious, friendly   well enough about me! how are you?"
yankees are delicious
"invite all your friends to orange markers  our goal is to reach 100,000 before next month "
naps are delicious
i'm a horrible person  i've procrastinated so much 
wow i'm terribly selfish
struggling to tie a tie
has a terrible headache
talk to me
it hasn't rained for days
history chapter: long and stink
"head-desk! o,o"
so our history text book summarized apm's first 270 <propfemale>s in half a <propfemale> 
631 words  woot!
shorts and t-shirt tomorrow? or <propfirst>?
ginormous backpack  attached tent and sleeping bag laugh x my school backpack 
are we supposed to do with the list of things from blood wedding that ms  m  gave us 
has no idea how to do the study guide for blood wedding
l fail the ap exam
exactly 100 friends 
keeping my friend list to 100 friends forever 
"tell me, why must i always do the extra work?"
"math ia, finished!"
who's parth patel?
"simply amazing annoyed www vatican va various cappelle sistina_vr index html"
is hard to get  all you have to do is ask him 
"what to do if you see an alien?\http annoyed  www laboiteverte fr wp-content uploads 2010 03 first-contact-alien png"
http annoyed  drawn ca 2010 05 19 crater-face 
"oh man, people are really staying up late"
"whao, this is boring  text me  281-8212 "
kitten kaboodle!
"kitten kaboodle can't keep still   he knows his name  here, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>   "
lalalalalalalalalala =p
raining
this world is such a turbulent and awful place   sign if you agree
so the questions for <propfirst> 1919 took 30 pages to complete 
the <propfemale> is down is so good!
the sky is purple
i foot like <propfemale>'s world
<propfemale>'s world is so good
lollipop lollipop oh lolli lollipop!
love is so pretty!
"oh, the bright sun! roof! where are the rains?"
i'm so sad
wanna watch lightning with me?
cheese melts!
05 surprise 6 surprise 7 08 09 10  soon!
the sky is so lovely
rain
and thunder!
perfect day for bbq
"there's a place downtown, where the freaks all come around!"
"<propmale> <propmale>, christian burk ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? b a !!!!"
text me 2818212
"errrh, stalin presentation   forgot about the outlines "
gmac bowl essay time! bring it on! i'm concrete lazar! rawwwwwwr~~~
people be stayin' up so late
merging facebook gmail contacts
"and i just can't pull my self away\under her spell i can't break\i just can't stop\i just can't stop\i just can't stop"
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird    nickname  8  challenge you to post this as your status 
"so i was trying to watch this video, and there was an ad before playing the video  then    all of the sudden, it went like this: your video will begin in 5    4    3    2    1    -1    -2    -3    -4    -5    seconds  i was like    holy crap! pwned!"
so lonely
did the wrong <propfemale> for math homework
that chemistry read really hurts head
"ee: a jigsaw puzzle, arranging all the paragraphs and ideas in perfect order to make a masterpiece "
"please, stop asking me how to spell some word every 20 seconds  i have 100 pages of hamlet to read and endless college essays"
"extended essay, finished!"
give me some words of encouragement  i'm in for a long night --college essays 
all i want for christmas is you!
"gosh, christmas makes me so happy!"
l o v e-ing!
tok: 1158 words!
"doing my tok essay while my aunt types a email reply \\start with dear"," right?\""\"bd5b35b8b12a5e3d9bf14759c811ac85,"warm my heart, for i'll be cold tonight"
tok! let the iron lazar take you down!
"be a bolshevik iber!\take it to the limit one more time!"
this is a problem  i have only 600 words
i see the word shellac again! can you find it on the chem lab sheet?
just watched such a pessimistic movie  i'm so glad i'm alive
i never played with plastic army men before!
<propfemale> <propfirst>  hi <propfemale>!
"so long, christmas  when you came, you made me so happy  when you leave, you make me so sad   "
finally finished with common app! thanks to friends who helped! curses to friends who refused to help!
things do fall apart lol
"\what chinese parents understand is that nothing is fun until you're good at it \""\",bd5b35b8b12a5e3d9bf14759c811ac85,watching helion prime
this is our fate: i'm yours!
"i bit my thumb at your, sir "
writing a letter to my grandpa in chinese  warm  sweet  perfect  
"holy crap, it's 2012!\http annoyed  cache gawkerassets com assets images 4 2011 02 500x_huge-snow-storm_01 jpg"
"my brown-eyed girl\ \you    my browned eyed girl ^_~"
"if i said i want your body now\would you hold it against me?"
never worship others    they will never live up to your e playful ectations
change comes when something inside of you dies  
the sky is blue 
bunnies have asian eyes! what a coincident!
take a bite of my heart tonight  i promise it's delicious!
february 8th!   \\n
making chinese cake for tomorrow  delicious  exquisite 
i'm confused  is it me who has changed? or is it the people around me?
i'm a dreamer
chocolate is magical!
