fecbe14456f9132618e71c5d64ebc43c
created a fake account 
finally home from <propfemale>'s  loved the pool volleyball!!!
"according to one mr  <propmale> engvall, i must become a pilot "
"it aches in every bone, i'll die alone, but not for you  my eyes don't need to see that ugly thing, i know it's me you fear  if you want me hold me back  frail, the skin is dry and pale, the pain will never fail  and so we go back to the remedy  clip the wings that get you high, just leave them where they lie  and tell yourself, \you'll be the death of me\"""""
out for groups with a vengeance  please suggest some for me if it crosses your mind 
going to see how to train your dragon with my mom's other daughter  text me 
"if a person won't listen to another on an issue either because they don't have e playful erience or because they do, so why are they criticizing you, then who does that leave?"
is finally getting new games on her compaq!!!
go <propfemale>!!!!
god help those kindergarteners tomorrow
i have no idea how many times i've voted for <propfemale>
omg  i'm being kidnapped; but at least i have a bag full of random crap  text me 
going to see how to train your dragon again
dont be like de bunnies
how funny would it be if i was suspended for throwing air at kushner
"it's a bird, it's a plane, it's superfrog! >:->"
why did he leave? was he failing? was he bored with everyone? was he ever worth this much thought?
just got new shoes  they have a wicked design 
headed to the mall  anybody else?
really wants a ball python after seeing allysa's 
trying to come up with more pointless stuff to post on my wall 
"\ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!\"" \""what?\"" *whisper* \""my air conditioner just cut off                    \"""""
"great, now i want to watch all that  can i find videos on youtube?"
c'est <propfemale> vie
omg a branch
im not evil  im angelically challenged 
"when you feel alone, just look at the spaces between your fingers and remember that's where mine fit perfectly"
"coffee?whatyoumeancoffeewuzincup? inotknowwhatyoutalkin'bout  thotwuzwatter  yeah,watter  mmmwatter  watterwatterwatter "
i gotz my box
"fear my squirrelly wrath, fear it"
the hamsters maded a funny noise and i was scareded
"\i boop ur nose \"" *boop*"""
"\you fell\"" \""don't judge me\"""""
"life is like a corndog  i don't know why, it just is!"
going to the drive-in tonight  anybody else?
are you fucking kidding me? we waited a half hour just to be turned away along with at least ten vehicles  might try to see shrek tommorrow or next weekend
"chaos, panic, and disorder- my work here is done "
"i'm a vicious pit bull  fear me  me and my tennis ball of terror  afterwards, can we play fetch? please  please  please  pretty please  come on  come on "
*person licks a rainbow* blah you don't taste like skittles at all!
can't believe tomorrow is the last day  sad   crying 
watching shows i haven't seen in so long 
haha i hacked jamies facebook
"i don't do touchy-feely, i do owchy-bleedy"
dont blame me blame the solar system
"drive-in screen one tonight  (gagging) hmu  not now, but then"
it's so flufffyyy!!<
"they both are dead, in the very same bed, and neither one knows, that the other one's dead, ba-roooom ba-roooom"
parasites: nature's agents to remind you that you can lose so much for something so small
going to see avatar the last airbender
eustronguloites
"scratches all down my back, you keep me right on"
get it shorty
sami has hijacked jamies facebook playful 
is looking for new songs  any suggestions?
momo has mad dance skills
is there anyone who could teach my friend to play guitar?
you betray me straw
going to b-dubs in a little bit
goofy ignorant robot
going shopping blah
finally got my heels and a new phone 
seeing the other guys at the mall theatre
"couldn't get my schedule today because i forgot a calculator from last year  now, my homepage is taunting me with other people's schedules  i'll try again tomorrow "
fishy bites!!! i need something spicy 
 smile (
my mom and i are sizing each other up for a bite war
feels british for a moment
just woke up and im already an epic failure
"if actions don't define a person's personality, then what exactly does "
heading to bdubbs  does anyone know how busy it is 
"does anyone know where i can find a \prohibido fumer\"" shirt?"""
who is on what team this year? jv v? who quit? i wonna know so i can plan around the games this year 
seeing vampires suck at the mall 
finally managed to wake up at a decent hour 
millbrook is trying to <propfirst> my mom out of her last back to school night 
going to the game tonight  who wants to be loud? who's starting this year?
is so pissed off  we lost tonight's game and i cant go to ihop  but i got some mountain dew and mountain dew makes everything better  woohoo md
nobody with eyes that beautiful should ever be single  i just don't get it 
children with special needs do not have an illness   it is not contagious  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour in honor of special education week  i'd love to see   everyone leave it longer! i dare you 
football is the only sport where a lotta boy on a little boy is encouraged
going to <propfirst>'s tonight
had an awesome time at the family bonfire and i can hardly wait for the next one 
"can't make cupcakes for tommorrow, so i have to settle for cookies "
thanks for the birthday wishes 
*sniffles*
"am i the only one not throwing around \i love you?\"""""
"damn, that girl gets around doesn't she?"
off to fridays for a family date
off to dennys
please tell me that we are having progress reports handed out and not mailed  sad 
best of luck to all our boys playing tonight 
okay so now its okay to send someone to the hospital just because a team can't except a loss  wtf is wrong with the refs?
probably going to texas steakhouse for my sisters birthday
at a volleyball game
 crying 
nice job to all of tonight's players and everyone who participated in the loud crowd 
beta fish have such a sad life
who all is going to the game tomorrow?
complete one eighty from two years ago  nice job boys 
going to my first and final powderpuff game tomorrow  go seniors!!!!
just got my homecoming dress and i can't wait to wear it saturday  now it's just taunting me 
"please, put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights    93% won't copy and paste this, will you?    make it your status update for at least one hour  promote love & acceptance, not hate "
okay people need to come to the practice softball feild soon
"having withdrawals so i'm heading to the library  i know, i'm a nerd "
oh so now i find my card  i'll have to wait til monday 
waiting to watch my first cheer competition
when do you think zombies will become the dominant race in <propfemale>?
"it's time we got over this before our fists start saying what our mouths commit  with a little bit of courtesy, we can finally learn when not to speak "
really wants to watch some <propfemale> toons right now
is there going to be a tailgate this week?
"hey yo first things first, it's time to shake ground in the eighth round, box battle & break down, from the beat & the wild tone, jump in the cyclone, styles, yes, yes i know, red beam, maxime, pack red beam, put 'em up, you plucked a bad seed, off the wall spitting, in the gorilla tag-team, what's up now? jump down, stuff they can't breathe, yo! you know the routine, the demon effect"
dirty little freaks
can you look me in the eye and tell me those are not stoner animals
dang you youtube for cockblocking me 
can someone eplain to me how i burned myself on my binder in calculus?
how did the last three matches turn? i had to leave early sad 
"to <propfemale>, i hope that your injury isn't too bad and that you're okay "
is there no varsity cheerleading? what's going on?
oh yeah    cupcake time
"god saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around you and whispered come with me  with tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away  although we love you dearly we could not make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating,hard working hands at  rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us,he only takes the best put as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas "
"happy hanukkah, <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year"
is about to head out for the wrestling tournament  how did it go yesterday?
our basketball program rocks hardcore 
"put this as your status & see what you get inboxed  smile  (curious if this will work    probably not  laugh )\-white: i wanna see you more \-pink: i like you \-blue: i love you \-red: i used to like you \   -gray: i wanna be friends \-orange: i want to make you mine \-yellow: i think you're cute \-green: i want to meet you \-purple: i want to kiss you \inbox only!"
is off to the wrestling matches  crap i forgot my face paint  help
"eighty one to thirty four  all i have to say is dang, get it girls!!!"
i claim profile rape
great job out there boys  can some one comment the score from the girl's game some time tonight 
what is the point in standing with the loud crowd or even coming to the game at all if all you're going to do is be buried in your phone or molest each other 
"there can be no other reason why\you know we should have seen it coming\consequnces we can not deny\will be revealed in time"
i've got a candle and i've got a spoon  i live in a hallway with no doors and no rooms 
"hell yeah for no school, which means more time with the cats"
withdrawals
"if we have a loud crowd, would it be on the left or right side tonight"
"now that i can finally upload pics from my phone, the sprint tower decides i don't deserve internet "
the stands look sort of depressing for a playoff game
"it's not like i'm walking alone into the valley of the shadow of death\stand beside one another, 'cause it ain't over yet\i'd be willing to bet that if we don't back down\you and i will be the ones that are holding the crown in the end\when it's over, we can say, \well done\""\",fecbe14456f9132618e71c5d64ebc43c,zoey has successfully kicked me out of my own bed    once again
yay for a one-hour delay
off to my aunt's and soon-to-be uncle's wedding in a couple of hours  can someone who is going to the game tell me how it goes?
liquid lava    aaaahhhhhh
"i never had sex, smoked weed, been drunk, sneaked out, or skipped class  copy and paste this as your status and who ever likes it, thinks your lying"
was the baseball game cancelled or postponed? is the softball game still on for seven?
"if i go to prom, then i already have my dress picked out "
i am so sport deprived  i hope there will still be tennis matches 
i'm betting on august 31 at 3:10am
i'm pretty sure mapquest is lying  i can't beleive i did 16 <propmale>  but it would be awesome if i did 
"you're perfect, yes, it's true\ but without me you're only you\ your menstruating heart\ it ain't bleeding enough for two"
