fa8c46e0e39ca43f443340c1495a4d4e
video games on new year's <propfemale> it's pretty fun
happy new year everyone
yo!!!! i'm on my way to colorado 
i'm colorado and it is hot!!!!! if only it was 50 degrees here  lol
"if you want a laugh, copy this to your status and see what people rate you haha    so what do you rate me? [1]crazy [2]wish we went out [3]talkative [4]sarcastic [5]lovable [6]super cute [7]strong [8]dumb [9] hot [10]mouthy [11]wild (i copied this) [12)goofy [13]funny [14]awesomly awesome [15]amazing [16]beautiful (17) smart"
i got my classes all figured out 
"worrying gets nothing done, but what else am i to do? i wonder what will happen "
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank god the school day is over!!!
"oh noes, i have stuff to do on a sunday!!!"
hello everyone!!!!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's almost friday!!!!!!!!
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i saw the movie about facebook!!! it is awesome go see it!!!!! i want to know what you think! i loved the social network!!!
"today was cool, i really like talking to the people i know "
i took the psat today  i was so weird i hope i did okay on it!!! d=
i took the psat today  it was so weird i hope i did okay on it!!! d=
"it was a weird day  hmmm, i wonder if tomorrow  will be better-ish "
"it's friday at 10:22 p m, do you know where your child is? lol"
look at my quotes that i put on here  i  love  them 
yes!!!!!!!!!! no school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh ddddddddddddddddddddddddd
no school today!!!!
happy thansgiving!!!!
happy thanksgiving!!!!!
i am sick this sucks sooooooooooo bad!!!!!!!
i had the best birthday ever  i got on a snow board for the first time and got a new phone!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone
<propfemale> christmas everyone
hey it's a canadian holiday  yay it's boxing day
"how can something so cute be sooo annoying? gosh if only <propfemale> could sleep the day away, but she is sooo adorable "
yay school tomorrow   if only winter break was a little longer 
i'm on facebook at school  god i love this phone
<propfirst> has stolen this amazing phone 
it was a really long day but at least i don't have a lot of homework  although the last part of the day was actually pretty cool  i got to take two test i got pretty good grades on in jrotc  in history i got to make a complete fool of my self  i hope i got a good grag
wii night!!!!
i own a horse 
note to self: do not put off reading assignment because you end up being way behind and having to read way too mant pages
i really want to go to bed but i still have homework  d=
"not a lot of homework this weekend\thank god"
i really want some soda  just putting it out there if anyone would like to make my week   smile  i would greatly appreciate it 
is wishing school day is shorter lol
it is my big sister's birthday!!!!!! happy birthday brandi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!•
i fail!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am pretty sure i failed two tests  thank god i got 100 in jroct 
it's my dad's birthday!!!!!! happy birthday dad it is the big 50!!!!!!!! congratulations = d
ugh i hate getting sick  dear people in my classes please inform me of what we did
monday is going to be horrible  god getting sick sucks and i better enjoy the freedom while i can 
playing video games at a friend's house   go saturdays
chinese for dinner and then homework  yay no life
i hate the bus system  i need to learn to drive 
gosh why does this break have to end
spring break is over and it is back to school this morning  that was my last break so let's all hope the teachers are in a good mood 
sleep would be lovely right now  they should put nap time as an elective during the school day 
tgif
who knew getting ready from a dance could be so stressing
m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e <propfirst> mouse <propfirst> mouse
"dear tuesday, please don't make  me hate you  love, <propfemale> smith"
hmmmmmmm    seems like a nice day  hope it goes as it seems 
i sorta dislike today
testing all morning  wish me luck and good luck everyone taking it too 
tgif
monday down three days of testing and friday to go  i have 2 projects and notes for homework  the joys of honors classes 
a guy in my testing room may have invalidated my test by pulling out his phone  what was this guy thinking  i am sooooo mad!!!!!!!!!!
if monday's get any worse i will run away to no monday land  lol yay made up lands!!!!!
"tuesday, tuesday please end soon lol"
wow this day is so boring and going from bad to worse  i'm not sure what to do 
i hurt and god i just want to sleep  too bad that isn't gonna happen anytime soon  ={ sleep would be very nice 
i hurt and god i just want to sleep  too bad that isn't gonna happen anytime soon  ={ sleep would be very nice 
i almost don't want it to be the weekend
i got new shoes   laugh  but i wish i could just get my other ones fixed  d=
saturday night and not going to sleep until as late possible  lol only until like midnight anyway
i would like to vote that mondays will be banned for the rest of eternity 
i had to ruin my pretty essay 
there is a carwash at east high school please come and donate to jrotc program
we washed over 100 cars and it was a long day so far  it is going to be a long weekend
can the sick <propfemale> stop visiting me please  i would really like to not cough up a lung or sneeze myself into a coma
my voice sounds horrible but i'm at school
happy mother's day
wednesday is among us oh noes but only 2 days left
three days left until i'm out of school  omg finals are going to be killer
two down four to go! good luck to my fellow student with your next two tests  i am sure you will do great 
happy summer vacation!!!!everyone have a great summer  i am going to go see pirates of the caribbean tonight  laugh 
getting ready for jclc getting issued everything  laugh 
no one will be able to get a hold of me until friday ttyl and have a good week
today is a good day  who would guess passing a test would make me this happy  i got my book for ap and tomorrow it is off to hawaii  i am in a good mood 
went on a jet ski and went parasailing got to love a nice warm ocean  = d
went to the uss arizona memorial today  it is a real awakening for those who are naïve to the enormity of <propfemale> harbor 
snorkeling today and i wish my phone was water prof because the camera i'm using is super slow
sun burnt but back to alaska in one piece   laugh 
"every 26 seconds, a student drops out  do something about it "
1 in 3 teens will be abused in a relationship  do something about it!
my friends are crazy but i love them   love  i'm glad <propfirst> tosi is back because life is never boring  i'm glad to be able to <propfemale> out before school starts 
has anyone else felt really stupid when they dropped something? last week i dropped my wallet in a river and that has my permit and money in it  however i was caught on a branch but i had to use the dock to grab it and i was able to get it back safely  now to the reason i feel stupid  while i was getting my wallet i dropped something else in the river  my amazing cell phone  why is it i didn't think of removing it from my pockets? so if you want to get a hold of me you can't use my phone 
i am so tempted to high light my hair with auburn however i'm not sure if it would look good or not 
i got my new phone   laugh  i have yet to get it running yet but i have it  thank you dad you rock  i love you 
babysitting sucks!!! that is all i need to say 
"first day of school down only a hundred and eighty some days left  although i do have to admit that it wasn't as horrible as first anticipated, i have two more classes to see  wish me luck"
what was i thinking?
procrastination and ap classes don't mix but i'm trying
"lackadaisical :  \adjective annoyed acking enthusiasm and determination; carelessly lazy  i really like this word for no reason really but i suppose it describes my mentality at the moment "
i haven't had a day this good in a long time  it was pretty awesome but now it is on to homework 
i'm nervous and have a lot of homework so i am trying to keep my mind clear but it isn't working
i am so lame  i need to get something to do on a friday 
yay i actually have plans for the rest of the weekend 
i spent so much time and money shopping    oh god i may be a teenage girl!!!
it is sunday and i remember that i used to have an amazing breakfast on this day  where is my amazing breakfast?
watching a horror movie    and i get paranoid easily    how smart is this when i have school tomorrow?
oh my god i saw the strangest thing today  it was in the sky and all bright and stuff  someone really needs to check into that lol
i'm playing that new game rise of nightmares and it is predictable yet really cool!!! my friends are here playing too and this is an awesome saturday night!!!
