87bace16ed0031595eb41f023039312e
"<propmale> is leaving on monday for cambodia, trying not to worry    "
"just got done cleaning the offices where i clean, my second job    now i'm going to see my daddy    happy father's day to all of the wonderful fathers out there     it really means alot to have a father in your life "
"well, <propmale> is off to cambodia along with the others on the missions team  little confusion at the airport this a m  with tickets, but its all good  <propmale> handled everything with a smile even at 4 smile 0 in the morn     gotta love our fearless leader  i am gl"
"the missions team has made it to korea safe and sound and is now headed to cambodia, got a call from <propmale>'s dad this morning who apparently got an email from <propmale>  they were getting ready to board the plan for cambodia, which would be another 6 hour fli"
"they have arrived  safe and sound in cambodia  <propmale> called his dad, then i called him  it was about midnight when i spoke to him, they were in a bus on their way to the guest house  a little bad news, they have lost <propmale>'s luggage, but he seemed fine wi"
talked to <propmale> last night around 11 smile 0 pm our time     it was 10 smile 0 am on thurs      there   they are all having a great time    they found his luggage  praise god!!!
loving that my son got to go on this amazing missions trip to cambodia  he is having a fantastic!!! time  he doesn't want to come home!!!! god is so great!!!!
"just talked to <propmale>, they are getting ready to go to church, he and <propfirst> are preaching the service  i am so proud of those boys  they have been friends since they were little  what fine young men they have grown into "
<propmale> is back from cambodia!!! he had an awesome time  our god is truly amazing!!!!
"just trying to get things done before <propfemale>'s big birthday party  my baby is gonna be the big \13\"" it's so hard to believe """
"getting ready to head to our church carnival for set up  it's free and from 11-2, lots of food and games for the kids and of course tons of fun!!!!!! so i hope to see all of you there "
worked an 11 hour day today    my feet are killing me  time for some r & r       hopefully      
"well my daughter, <propfemale>'s 8th grade volleyball team started tournaments today   they had an undefeated season 15-0   they were in the #1 spot today and so far still are  they won their first tourney game and will move on and play again on tuesday      these girls are awesome  they play so good together and are such an inspiration to all their parents  we love you bulldogs!!!!!"
have had a great few days off with much needed rest  have enjoyed having my son home   don't get to see him much anymore  thinking about christmas tree shopping this evening so he can help put it up and decorate before he goes back  i am so thankful for my kids  they are such good kids and i would be lost without them  i am also thankful for my parents  they help me out in so many ways and i love them both so much 
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes  i had a great birthday  i am now the big 41    i love you all dearly   god bless!!!!
how can one child create so much laundry?
<propmale> is on his way home to visit (yea!!) <propfemale> is at a dance     (oh boy)    and i am just so glad its the weekend!!!!
"going to see <propfemale>'s last night of her school play \ headin for the hills\"" absolutely hilarious  she plays a stinky little hillbilly girl  all the kids did an amazing job last night """
"church was really good today     now i have cleaning,laundry and dishes to get caught up before i go to work and do more cleaning      "
"every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own status  you can't choose family but you can choose friends  amen to having great    friends "
"time for bed, have to be a work at 6 smile 0 am      and boy am i not gonna wanna get up     goodnight everyone, have a blessed evening "
"god's message to hear at this easter season    for my savior, jesus christ, a new facebook challenge   i am out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed    of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost!"
"just had lunch with 3 great friends  it was a wonderful afternoon, reminiscing the past, catching up on the present and planning for the future      can't wait to do it again  i love you guys!!!"
"first concert you attended! you will find it interesting to know where and what your fb friends first concert was  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your first concert at the end of this sentence     "
"i want to know if i am the only one that feels this way    when our pastor has finished his message on sunday mornings at the end of his message he leads right into prayer,while he is praying,  all i hear is the sound of people putting away their sermon notes, closing up their bibles, and it is really loud and i feel it is not only disrespectful to him but disrespectful to god  would it hurt to just wait a minute?"
"if your dad is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad ?3 hours ago · comment ·likeunlike"
thank you jesus for dying on the cross for my sins  then on this precious day claiming victory and rising from the grave!!! i love you with all my heart!!!!
i finally got a new windshield in my car today!!! yea!!! now if i just have to get the passenger window fixed so it will roll down       1 window at a time      that's the plan    
"wow, where does the day go     just not enough hours in the day      now its off to bed and then start all over again tomorrow    good night all, god bless "
just got back from <propfemale>'s track meet  great day for it      now it's time to do yard work     oh yea!!!!
"just got back from bri's track meet, she was getting ready to run lead in the 4x4 and right before they start, she throws up over the fence   they ask if she wanted a sub, but she ran it anyway   what a trooper     "
"good morning facebook friends, time to get to gettin  it is thursday though, one more day and its the weekend     have a wonderful day everyone!!!!!"
"just got home from the relay for life where i went to support my dear friend <propfemale> who is a cancer survivor  please pray for her though because she does have to have another surgery june 2  this woman has to be the strongest woman i know  she's like a timex watch,  she takes a lickin and keeps on tickin     god still has work for her to do     thats all i can say      i love you <propfemale>      "
i got the most beautiful flowers from my son's girlfriend for mother's day  i have known her since she was just a little girl and now i am so blessed that she and <propmale> are dating  god is so good  they are perfect together  i love you <propfemale>    
"i had a wonderful mother's day, had both my kids with me, <propmale>'s card made me cry <propfemale> made me 2 beautiful flower vases, my mom got me flowers, my other daughter who is like my own sent me beautiful flowers, my dear friend who is also like a daughter to me gave me a beautiful card and earrings and <propfemale>  (i have alot of kids don't i) took my mom out to dinner with the family  wonderful day  god is so good "
woke up at 3:45 and could not go back to sleep      well now its time to get ready for work      my life is a vicious cyle    but i thank god for it everyday!!!!
"worked 10+ hrs today, came home mowed my grass, painted my garage door, did some cleaning and for some reason i am still awake    and did i mention i was awake at 3:45 this morning for some unknown reason    but i think i am going to go lay down   "
"getting ready for another fun filled day at work, i must say i do love my job and the people i work with, it does make working a whole lot easier, even when you don't want to do  thanking lord for blessing me with wonderful co-workers!!!"
looking forward to seeing <propmale> and <propfemale> this weekend  have a lot planned  us girls are going shopping on sat  for <propfemale> a new dress for 8th grade promotion    she is so excited    can't believe she will be in high school     where does the time go      
"getting ready to go dress shopping for <propfemale>  just waiting on her to get home from the track meet that she worked at today     should be fun girls night out    just  me, bri and <propfemale>    "
"got the day off today    a lot of work to do at home  paid some bills, now its time to mow the grass before it gets too hot!!"
i have the day off       what to do? what to do?
had a great time at my uncle's on saturday  was great seeing my family and spending time with them  had great food and <propfemale> caught  41 fish  she hasn't stopped smiling 
"well   my daughter left for michigan with her friend and family for a week, so i am basically  kidless, i don't think think this has ever happened in almost 14 years      wow i won't know what to do with myself     "
"well, my baby girl made it home today after being gone for 9 days  she had a wonderful time and i don't think she missed me one bit  she's growing up  sad "
off to work for another late night thursday     yipee     but i do love my job      
"if you have a mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong   remember~ moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever!!! i love my mom!!!!!!!! put this as your status if you love your mom ?"
"14 yrs ago i gave birth to the most beautiful baby girl  what a miracle that was considering i had an emergent c-sect due to my uterus rupt leaving her 12 <propfemale> w o oxygen if that isn't a miracle i don't know what is  she was perfect,she could've very easily had brain damage  she is a fighter i must say brianna has a very special place in my heart and i thank god for her everyday  happy birthday baby, i love you  momma"
"up most of the night tiling my daughter's bathroom counter, had no idea what i was doing, part of it was started so i just finished it the best i could, looks pretty good for a first timer  had the help of <propmale>'s dad and my best friend's husband to finish some other things that i couldn't do  thanks guys for being there when i needed you "
"well, birthday party stuff is finally over    i am getting way to old for all of this    i need a vacation     just me       (like that is gonna happen) i'm broke now    hahahhahha oh well she is worth it      love my baby    "
? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found  ? will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour? ? in his hands!???
going to get school supplies ugh!!!!
"had a sleepover last night with my sunday school class (3rd and 4th grade girls) we had a great time  thank you athaiah, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> for being so good  those of you who couldn't make it this time, we will definitely have another one  god bless!! miss <propfemale>"
"well my baby is in high school now and survived her first day and is onto her second  i can't believe how fast the time goes by, it seems like only yesterday when i was putting her on the bus for kindergarten    (of course now i can't get her to ride the bus   lol)"
milton-union volleyball off to a good start  jv and varsity both won their first game last night against <propfemale>  we have high hopes for a good season  lots of talent on both teams  game #2 tonight  go bulldogs!!!!
home from work    off to bri's volleyball game     off to 2nd job     does it ever end?
"went homecoming dress shopping for <propfemale>, she looked good in everything she tried on     but she did finally find \the dress\"" and she looks amazing in it!!!!"""
thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes!! you all helped to make my day very special!!!!
"had a great weekend, relaxed friday night, worked saturday morning but then went to see the nutcracker with my beautiful daughter, compliments of a wonderful friend     and sunday awesome church service, then had <propfemale>'s show choir performance along with the 6,7,8 grade choirs and lady's ensemble who were all awesome as well, just a great weekend!!!!"
"going to a benefit for my good friend <propfemale> <propmale> to raise support for her battle with cancer  it is being held today from 10-5 at the tipp city fire station  they are selling fireman waffles, hot chocolate, water    and i even believe that <propfemale> might be there     so if you can come out and show your support it will be greatly appreciated!!!"
going to bed    i have to work tomorrow    hate missing church    but working to help a friend out while her car is getting fixed 
home from work   now baking cookies for the youth group when they go caroling tomorrow evening      smile 
just got home from our christmas outreach at church      what a wonderful evening       i really enjoyed all the conversations i had with all the new people i met and the ones i already knew      god is so good!!!
off work till tuesday!!!!!boy am i ever ready for a break    not that i won't be ready to go back      you mom's all know we work harder at home then at work   lol   
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does       <propfemale> family    & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all
"greatest man in history named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe jesus is the reason for the season"
"off work today  <propmale> will be going back to <propmale> today, he has to go back a little early to get things ready to go to the sugar bowl  it sure has been nice having him home "
ready for a nice relaxing evening at home    aahhhhh
off to work i go    
doing laundry     you wouldn't think 2 people would have so much laundry      ugh!!!!
"had a wonderful valentines party at church today with my  little sunday school girls  it is such a blessing to watch the friendships that are being formed knowing that some may last a lifetime and praying that god touches their lives like he has touched mine  god blessed me with the best friend i could ever ask for 37 years ago and we are still together teaching this class! i love you <propfemale>, thanks for all you do!!"
went prom dress shopping with my baby girl     i know    that just doesn't sound right    found a beautiful dress    growing up way too fast!!!
