0192bde5c5935cea598f675e74652284
these apps are fuckn irritating when you have to send them to 20 friends to see who sent you one   screw this!
"ok, this is to whoever keeps sending me all these gifts   i don't know who you are because the apps require me to send 16 or 30 gifts to me friends and, well i only have 13 people on my list, most i don't even talk to   so unless you tell me who you are t"
gonna ride all the roller coasters at carowinds today!!! woot woot!!  and try not to get sunburned - supposed to be the hottest day so far this summer 
can't sleep dammit   i'm never up this early 
gratitude is my word for the day   i'm swimming in it!  thank you mother god for this life and all its lessons!!!
is on autopilot
prayer is needed for 12 yr old avi <propmale> stells who after a serious car crash is now in critical coma  please change your status for 1 hr so more people can be added to the prayer  we would do it for your son  please do this for somebody's son  (i just did)  thank you
"thank god its time to go back to school and after being set free from my cubicle (prison cell) i can go full time!   woot woot!  wow, what a long summer it has been   i may not lose the rest of my mind after all!  yay!!!"
is pain just a normal part of the aging process????  damn!!
"mom made her transition today  driving up, will be there tomorrow night "
taking it moment by moment   one foot in front of the other 
its gettin better all the time    
omg!!! does anyone else cry when they do math homework???  is there a stats tutor in the house???
"just saw zombie land, woody harrelson's newest movie   it rocked!  i highly recommend it, hilarious "
too much f#%&ing homework!!!!
many huge thanks to all the couragous men and women who are or ever were protectors of our way of life 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   i hope you all had a great thanksgiving! a big squeeze to you 
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bull*%it, drama, games,liars, & fake ass people keep this sneeze going "
doin good  one more semester of school left   enjoy your vacay!!
"saw <propfemale>'s new movie, salt   i luv girls kickin ass movies but this one was disappointing   her skeletal appearance made all the ass kickin too hard to believe   she looked so anorexic and frail   biggest things on her were her head and her lips of course   very sad for her "
"here's an interesting take on the true nature of man from a scene in the 2007 movie the mist, based on a <propfirst> <propmale> novel   we're a civilized society   sure, as long as the machines are working and you can dial 911, but take those things away, you throw people in the dark, you scare the $hit out of them, no more rules - you'll see how primitive they get  cont    "
got an orange pineapple upside down cake in the oven   mmmmm smells like its almost ready
"k so i accidentally deleted my post and the string of comments 'bout going out last night   so the thing is, why do losers hit on me when i thought i had the shit magnet tattoo removed from my forehead   and why can't they read the signals??  they force you to tell them to fuck off and call you a bitch when you do    like being a bitch is a bad thing    lol   sooo i wanna hear a man's perspective on this "
omg i hate waterbugs!!!  one was just crawling on me    eeeeehhhh!!!  they're everywhere during the summer & they crunch when you stomp on 'em   they're giant fuckin roaches   hate 'em worse than spiders  ggrrrrrr  heebie geebies
"\out beyond the ideas of wrongdoing and right doing there is a field   i'll meet you there \""\",0192bde5c5935cea598f675e74652284,"\i was a <propfemale> last night in a dream  i bent down over a clear running stream  i sang you the song that i heard up above and you kept me alive with your sweet flowing love \""  the <propmale> sisters are still rockin   can't wait to check out their latest album red <propfemale> car"""
"hope to see you @ the urban ministry center <propmale> show and auction today, 5pm to 7pm   945 n  college st  half the proceeds from the <propmale> goes to the <propmale>ists, most of which are homeless   free event, entertainment & refreshments   bring the kids "
anyone have ideas on the benefit to krispy kreme donuts to sell a dozen donuts for 30 cents more than they charge for half dozen?  they push this really hard  to the point of making you feel stupid for not getting a dozen   so what makes this lucrative in their business model??
"according to facebook \you cannot create a relationship with yourself\"" as your relationship status    well fb can just suck it until they add this to the list of relationship status options   hmmf!!"""
say you posted pics you took @ an event and interacted with these people but maybe not to the extent of exchanging names or contact info  is it rude or any number of other undesirable social behaviors for said people to send tag requests without at the very least sending a message or something if not a friend request?? please share your thoughts      
dammit is there anything to do in <propfemale> this saturday??  what the hell!?!
"ok fb friends i need your help   got a paper due on thursday   need an anecdote, any kind funny sad whatever, about a formal patriotic song   formal meaning not a folk or pop tune   national anthem, armed forces anthem, etc   message me pleeez!"
thanks everyone very much for your offerings with my homework   a huge thanks to yarum for providing the perfect story  now i can get it done in time    it's focus is one song so i had to get the anecdote first and write the paper around it   yaaaaa!!
i think we should wear halloween costumes the entire month of october    who's with me
likes it all over the place
"is a straight ally and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly bgcswo "
"is a straight ally and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly bgcswo "
fake(+)(+) ~ perfect (o)(o) ~ perky ( wink ( wink  ~ cold (^)(^) and even grandmas \\o  \\o ~ big ( • )( • ) or small ( ) ( ) ~ save the titties !!! repost for breast cancer awareness! go pink?!
"'tis the night - the night\of the grave's delight,\and the warlocks are at their play;\ye think that without\the wild winds shout,\but no, it is they - it is they \~arthur <propmale> coxe"
spooktacular 2 0   happening tonight    8 surprise 0   my house   don't forget your costume!  see you there!!  i'm excited!!  can you tell i'm excited ?!
thanks to everyone for coming to spooktacular 2 0 and making it a delightfully scandalous night   it ain't a party 'less the cops and the fire department show up   twice lol 
"when witches go riding, and black cats are seen   the <propfemale> laughs and whispers, ‘tis near halloween  ~ 19th century halloween postcard"
"double, double toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble  ~ shakespeare, \macbeth\"""""
one need not be a chamber to be haunted; one need not be a house; the brain has corridors surpassing material place  ~ <propfemale> dickinson
"tis\ now the very witching time of night, when churchyards yawn and hell \itself breathes out contagion to this world  -<propfirst> shakespeare"
she just goes a little mad sometimes  we all go a little mad sometimes  haven't you?   - <propfirst> bates
i wanna see your ugly parts
sometimes the line for the ladies room is too fuckin long & ya gotta piss behind the dumpster
"daggone boo man! - boomhauer, <propmale> of the hill"
"alas, tis the passing of another beloved halloween  sigh  i loath what's next - a day of gluttony reminding me of crimes against the original americans and this gross display of consumerism we call christmas "
note to self: exercise extreme caution with superglue while sitting on couch and always replace cap after use   please excuse me while i peel said couch off of my ass   again
"pass \me another vienna weenie will ya hun?  pick up some more hot & spicy\ cheez-its when <propfemale> out today and don't forget my pbr this time   \thanks darlin gimme some sugar "
"wow, the walmart cashier was too engrossed in the gossip rag he was reading to speak or raise his head to make eye contact  so i apologized for interrupting him    "
newsflash charlotte  recreational fires are now legal within the city limits!!! yaaaaaa!! the assholes who've had the fire dept  & cops @ my house 3 times this year can  kiss it!!!  oooooo i can't wait to tell my other neighbors so they can light up too!  ha ha ha fucking ha!!
with deep gratitude i want to say thank you to all the courageous men and women who serve in our military   thank you for the sacrifices you and your families make to protect our freedom   i salute you!!
"a veteran\ is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable \to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, \their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in \this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this    as\ your status if             you are a veteran,    know a veteran, love a\ veteran, or support the troops"
too bad procrastination isn't a marketable job skill cause i'm a master
<propfirst> summers is the antichrist
waiting for the caffeine patch to hit store shelves    what's takin 'em so long?
lil <propmale> is a misogynistic punk   sad how so many young people see him and those like him as role models and young women smiling and shakin' their asses to his demoralizing lyrics   reality tv is just as bad with how they portrait women   the popularity of this garbage is embarrassing  we    
the walking dead episode 4 on amc 10 surprise 0 who's with me    
ooooo i wanna jump in a big pile of leaves and roll around in 'em   they smell so good those crunchy rotting leaves   aaahh fall   yankee candles autumn leaves scent  my fav   my last fall on the east coast   gonna miss it in southern cal 
"\jamie:  so are you always this mean?  maggie:  well actually this is me being nice   jamie: you have the most beautiful eyes  maggie:  that’s it?  that’s the best you’ve got?  but this isn’t about connection for you  this isn’t even about sex for you  this is about finding an hour or two of relief from the pain of being you and that’s fine with me because all i want is the exact same thing \"""""
aw! thanks to my peeps for all the birfday love   you rock!
since i can't take it to cali 'cause it won't fit in my car i'm raffling off my bowflex extreme se  with all the bells & whistles including a virtual trainer dvd ($2000 total retail value)   each pair of socks or 2 sticks of chap stic you donate to our sock chap stic drive to benefit the homeless gets you a <propmale> in the raffle   we will be collecting on <propfemale>'s university campus  days times to be announced 
i'm <propfemale> la ghostly from the groovie goolies of the early 70's   love how <propfirst> walks and the adult laugh track too
"christmas, children, is not a date   it is a state of mind \- <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale>, educator, teacher, scholar, and author"
"maybe christmas,he thought, \doesn't come from a store  maybe christmas    perhaps    means a little bit more \",0192bde5c5935cea598f675e74652284,"'love is what's in the room with you at christmas if you stop opening presents and listen '  - <propfirst>, age 7"
it's official   i'm a college grad   yaaaaaaa   join me january 8th for the lighting of the celebratory bone fire in my back yard   gee i hope it doesn't piss off the neighbors when they find out its legal now    bahahahahahahah!
"\people do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character \""\",0192bde5c5935cea598f675e74652284,stolen from my cuz who also stole it   help yourself   if you're allergic to large doses of political correctness please read @ your own risk   no alternative language translations are currently available   my apologies for the english only version 
giant wedgie scene        
thank god its over 'til next year
"employ the power of positive quitting  'winners never quit,' we're told, when, in reality, winners quit all the time: choosing to stop doing things that aren't creating the results they <propfemale>  when you quit the things that aren't working for you and quit tolerating negative things that hold you back you will create the space in your life for more positive e playful eriences   -<propmale> <propfirst>-"
"ok 10 minutes ago the sky was gray & it was snowin   now it's stopped and the sun is shinin  anyway, the party's still on   damn old man winter   he tries but he can't stop us    heh heh"
"i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a bitch re-post this  i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who re-post \"",2011-01-08 17 smile 7:11""",0192bde5c5935cea598f675e74652284,"your son will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  its son's week    if you have a son who makes your life worth living by just being around them, and if you're proud of your son, copy and paste this to your status!!\\my baby!"
cheeky monkey bumm looker
"ok people of camden and the surrounding area   i'll be in town friday night, leaving sunday a m   wanted to see everyone before i head west   hit me up if ya wanna <propfemale> out "
changed my profile pic to showcase my dog pita   look at this face!  if you haven't reposted my plea from yesterday pleeeez help get the word out so we can find her a loving home   thanks and much love 
"made it back late last night   what a long strange trip its been  damn good time tho  karaoke @ the whiskey bar, wow don't think i've ever had that much fun in camden! homeland put on a killer show @ the dublin pub  they know how to party in dayton  great seeing family and friends  wish we could have stayed longer and <propmale> out with the rest of ya "
"ok, almost there   pit stop to visit sister near vegas, be in la by tomorrow   some things i saw along the way    a tumbleweed, a real live cowboy with spurs on his boots that jingled when he walked, and a sign for a park named \toad suck\""  i thought you were only supposed to lick them    """
wtf?!?! been raining like hell all day!  flash floods in southern cal?!?!  no we didn't bring it with us lol   you know its serious when they drive 5 mph below the speed limit and its a good thing too     
"oooh chile the rent in la is crazy! 2 bdrm apt  under $1200 is rare but hey, you can get a pedi and a fill in for $24 lol"
anyone know an owner or property manager of cheap apartments in or near central la?  pleeeez msg me asap if ya do 
yaaaaa! we finally have an address! and only 5 <propmale> from hollyweird! weeeeeee! time for happy dance  playful 
"\so the us supreme court has ruled that you have the right under the first amendment to protest military funerals  i invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my second amendment   \"""""
"most used pickup line in los angeles   \knowing spanish makes living here so much easier   if you want to learn i can teach you  it won't be hard for you at all because you speak well   easy i promise  what's your number?\"""""
"texting codes as we get older: atd: at the doctors  bff: best friend fell  btw: bring the wheelchair  byot: bring your own teeth  fwiw: forgot where i was  ggpbl: gotta go pacemaker battery low  gha: got heartburn again  imho: is my hearing-aid on? lmdo: laughing my dentures out  ommr: on my massage recliner  omsg: oh my! sorry, gas! roflacgu: rolling on floor laughing and can't get up  ttyl: talk to you louder"
think i saw a zombie today     he walked right past me    for real
wow i hope i can pass a drug test  wonder if second hand smoke will show up cause i can't escape it  the smell of skunk weed everywhere  the kids like to smoke it right under my window   smell it a lot sittin in traffic  even rolling down the freeway sometimes   always smells the same  skunk!
