a2323d84fa18569b419c8a111721c85b
ate a grilled chesse sandwich and pizza the day after getting his wisdom teeth pulled
is home for the weekend!!
back to the grind
"statics and biochem test today, org psych and matlab tomorrow     i like tomorrow a lot better"
"finallly, i'm done and here comes the weekend"
slept until 9 surprise 0 today because rowing was cancelled!!
is wondering what this weekend will end up being
is wondering why he can paddle so hard and yet not get amywhere   
is wondering when the roller coaster of life goes back up
what am i going to do this weekend????????
statics sucks!!!!!!!!!
"got sick, went to a haunted house, and is still supposed to row 20,000 meters this weekend    "
the looking glass wars is awesome!!!
"i should probably do my term papers this weekend, i wish i had something better to do    "
"concordia university wisconsin just got their butts kicked in tonight's hockey game 9 to 1, omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"that movie, the fourth kind is soooo creepy      such a weird movie "
can't believe i overslept practice
can't believe my bad luck lately
only one final left      the dreaded biochem
finally home
have a happy thanksgiving everyone!
going back to msoe today
"finished my 70,000 meters for the duathalon!!! now only 21 more <propmale> of running    yay"
happy late christmas to everyone and a happy new year
is wondering what life is all about
i hate formal labs
life is such a blur sometimes
first 2k of the year tomorrow      don't whether to be excited or be bummed that i'll have to push myself that hard in the morning   wow i sound lazy!
what a great night!
i'm going to texas tomorrow!!!
kicked butt in the pool today and learned how to skull and shutter island was a big mind bender
back to the tundra of wisconsin tomorrow grrrr!  texas sure was great
"just for the hell of it, what number do you think i am?    1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6 sad lubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: smart ass"
is going home this weekend
i hate geometry!!!
just got back to milwaukee
i finally got my damn program working for ee2920!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"dad vails was exciting and now that i'm back at msoe, i'm faced with the\ realization that there is a ton of work that needs to get done in a \short time and then finals will come followed by a very well deserved \summer break, but until then, work, work, work "
i beat god of war 3!!
cannot believe some people
"power outages, construction, disgruntled patrons, surprising coincidences?, new novels, school, and a summer full of twists and turns, ups and downs"
thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone
first week of p90x done!!
is feeling so good right now
thank you cornish brothers for fixing my computer   i hate viruses!!
finally packing up my stuff for school and leaving tomorrow!  yikes
got less than 4 hours of sleep because it was so <propfemale> in my room last night and worked out so hard that puked at practice!!
i love my wednesdays!!! one class at 4 and that's it!!!
just got my hands on my new labtop!
had a dragonfly in his salad
going home for the weekend and knowing i probably won't be going back for quite a while 
just slept all morning
played badmitton
awesome seat races this morning!
"went swimming this morning and a taste of milwaukee that not many get to have!! oh, and i wouldn't be surprised if i turned into a mutant!"
had the most nostalgic discussion of all the old cartoons and tv shows that i grew up with   it was awesome!!
where did my weekend go??
raced the masters this morning!
what a night
i think my head e playful loded today!
going home!
"almost puked after the first 2k of the year, but i did get to see <propfirst> cerny do it!  all because zach parsons convinced me to do a 2k instead of a 10k   i wonder if the 10k would have been nicer "
i'm tired!
i just made it through another quarter of msoe
texas!!!!
broke the ice today!!!!!
rescued a launch this morning
