41bf4f5085579e05a628ba3f5bc185bd
ready to call it a day and head to the house!
holy cow that was cold!!!
its a real bummer when the propane tank runs out halfway thru gettin done grillin   
way to go cardinals!
"why doesn't auto parts store sale a pair of master cylinder grommets , and instead make you buy a whole new master cylinder for atleast 8 times the price of 2 pieces of rubber? makes no sense at all"
let's go redbirds    take em to extra innings
"had a great game tonight, came back from 10 runs down  good job fellas  call em the come back kids haha"
seems like the day always goes just a little but better when you can catch a ball game on the radio while workin  lets go redbirds 
haha watching the goonies brings back memories  gettin ready to go to a ball game 
good day for baseball at lafortune park  hopefully i don't break nuttin     
"takin easy at home  watching field of dreams  \build it and they will come\"""""
"i'm tryin to fill a baseball team for summer ball starting july 5th, if there's anyone with a 11 or 12 yr old that will be that age as of may 1st, 2011 let me know  we have to have the roster turned in today  thanks"
one more day then off to reno  gonna be nice havin a whole week off 
is the day over yet? shoulda taken another week off   
ugh    hate goin to the dentist!
why can't people accomplish a simple maneuver such as backing out of their driveway  what is so hard about seeing a big white truck comin down the street?
up bright n early to hit the 'ol fishin hole  best way i can think of to start off the week 
ohhhhhh its a hot one today     good baseball weather 
vegas or bust!
lookin forward to a weekend full of baseball  coaching my team  in a <propfemale> tournament for <propmale> <propfirst>  and game with my men's league at lafortune  then all over again on sunday  hopefully squeezing in a little of a stl cards game in there somewheres 
"hey       2nd place in the tournament, good job fellas  the ice cold bucket of water on my head was quiet refreshing haha"
hoping these rain clouds will hold together and drop some rain to cool things off     
about time for some broncos football
ready to play some baseball just wishing it were a little bit cooler
"man i hate fridays before a holiday weekend, always up to my eyeballs in orders "
is ready to hook some bass 
is it too early to call it a day yet?
why does the beer line at the cains have to be soooo long?
"cold beer, ou football, an a greasy engine  not too bad for a saturday night but, could do without the greasy engine "
let's go broncos! get somethin done 
think its a good evening for a run   
"a good rainy day to be off work, too bad i didn't realize i was off till i had already gotten to work   "
"gettin ready for the tulsa run, wonder if can talk em into movin the start time to this afternoon? zzzzz     "
time for a nap yet?
"worth a giggle: \go 2 google maps\go 2 get directions\type japan as the start location\type <propfemale> as the end location\go 2 direction #43\laugh an repost"
"me, myself and i are busy right now arguing over who gets to run the show today   check back in 10 minutes or so   whoever wins will be around!"
thank goodness i don't have to sit through another bronco loss this week  
mondays make me sadder than a fat kid at a salad bar
wonder if i can talk the mechanic into leaving out the '10 pin' when it's my turn to bowl?
headed to the hospital to meet my new little nephew  hopefully he decides to be quick about it 
"so this guy asks me today  \excuse me is this the back of the line ?\"" i said \"" no man this is the front we are all standing backwards\"""""
can i add the voices in my head as dependents on my taxes?
is as confused as a chameleon in a bag of skittles!
"way to get banned from walmart #2 annoyed  set all the alarm clocks in house wares to go off at 5-minute intervals "
is as tired as a mood ring on a bi-polar person
to all my friends who complained all summer long that it was too hot    are you freaking happy now???
is suffering from a tryptophan overdose   
crossing my fingers o'reilys sold me the right u-joint this time    tired of messin with that thing 
c'mon! hold on to the ball! geez
"they're comin to take me away ha ha they're comin to take me ho ho, he he ha ha to the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time   "
"breakfast at mcdonalds ends at 10 smile 0, better be sure you aren't stuck waiting to get through the line and miss making it to the counter by 5 minutes because evidently there are no exceptions "
who's bright idea was it to get an do some last minute christmas shopping???
well    just signed up for the polar bear plunge  lets hope this balmy december weather will hold up till saturday afternoon 
well crap     guess i gotta go to work tomorrow beins i didn't win the mega millions  did get 3 outa 5 though 
cold+snow+changing water pump= no bueno!
ugh    nyquil hangover
if someone is wanting tickets     they better be nice    
wishes the weather guys would send in some warm <propfemale> weather so we can start having some baseball practices 
"so,i pull up to a house and find that they're stealing gas by bypassing the meter setting with a bicycle innertube  as i'm taking it apart they guy comes out and asks me if i can wait just a minute so he can light one more heater    c'mon! really?"
"watching bowling on tv, man that was an e playful ensive 10 pin!"
hurry up daylight savings time! need me light for baseball practice 
super! now they issue a blizzard warning? guess will hook up the dog sled team for work tomorrow
wish mother nature would quit foolin around with father time  he is really tickin' off ole' man winter
the only good ice is the ice in a good mixed drink  screw all the ice outside unless it starts raining crown    then we're in business!
ugh    5-10 more inches of snow tuesday and wednesday? c'mon already!
