4b1a1ef3e0f0c327288d7f2ef8faf79f
"so glad true blood is back    awesome go season 2       i still pray for all of those that need praying for and pray for all of those who don't, because the order is god, family, extended family, friends, acquaintances, all who have allowed me in their <propfemale>"
"sitting out on the picnic table, in the front yard, under a tree, 76*out, sun is setting, listening 2 the birds occupying the trees, watching the dog roam, & i wonder where the world would be if we never communicated, well that is why i do, frankly more t"
"beautiful day here    sun is setting, time is slow    just relaxing     sitting under a tree with the dog and my laptop      what could be better     oh yeah here with a sig other    oh well, just as well it is just me     it is days like this that make t"
"what a sunday! as usual mass at 10 surprise 0am, work @ 12 surprise 0 for hours, then 2 abuela's 2 get her 4 dinner @ a family friend's house, then after dinner starbucks 4 shot iced mocha w  a friend, then <propmale>'s 2 spend some time w  him(too bad the kids were asleep), ph"
"saturday     breakfast out, library, spend time with the family, gee that is taken care of, now what    god willing he will give me a great day!! love everyone and call if you have any ideas of a great weekend  keep in mind mass, lunch with abuela on sund"
"transformers 2 was awesome!!! can not wait for 3  now watching the 2009 gator national championship game! can't wait for mass tomorrow! also going to be a beautiful day!!!! god bless all of my family and extended family, love you all! good night!"
"what a beautiful cool evening, sitting outside on the laptop enjoying the peace of farm land, lol  sun setting in my back and well miss everyone, but here is sooo peaceful, need something to do so hit me up  god bless all of my family and extended family,"
"whoever said a little sprinkle for a day was a bad thing  addicted to my iphone please help or assist by calling or text  love everyone, god, family, extended family no matter how far away  have a meeting for my youth group tonight in preparation for the "
"good night and god bless              out       god, family, extended family, you are all in my prayers      here is to all of your weekends     "
"beautiful day in eastern north central ohio (you like that lol, should be precise), too bad i have to work    well off the next two days though    after work going to watch \watchmen\"" so i am excited about that    god bless all of you in my family & life """
"just got home about an hour ago from <propmale> potter, can't wait to see the finally       time for a great week thinking of all my extended family(friends) and of course my family is not far from my mind  i love everyone     god bless      "
my twin is getting married god bless i know they are for each other and will be one of the greatest couples i know  i love them and look forward to being apart of their lives      i love you guys!!!!!
"it is friday and i have had a very long day    i want to enjoy the beautiful outside, but inside looking out     but hey it is the weekend     god bless, i love you all, go indians \fire sale\"" \""fire sale\"" get what you can while the getting is good!!!!! lo"""
"gray saturday, but spending time with my sister, nephews, and myself     god has blessed us with time and we can all use alot of it for our own business  god bless and have a great saturday, until tomorrow and mass, abuela, painting her guest room and then me time again, love you all      god bless, love all of my family and extended family"
"ok got up early(7:15am) to goto mass, so i could paint abuela's guest room, so i wouldn't spend all day there  got ready to go see gi <propfirst>, couldn't find my wallet, thought i threw it away at mcdonald's after mass  come to find it undersome of abuela's stuff in her dinning room  missed gi <propfirst>, going to 6:55 time & wating my day away doing nothing until then  see god says, spend time with abuelas' while u have them!!"
"god bless all that he has in store for me, thank you that family is close and true family is closer  i love and pray for all of my friends and extended family  love you all       here is to a great weekend with everyone    "
"heard the fsu vs  miami game was great     still florida owns florida    lol can't wait for this weekend in nfl football for fantasy, can't wait to watch the game i missed but as long as fswho lost then the stars are still aligned!!! go gators       to all of my family and extended family love you all, god bless     miss that someone!!!"
"are you ready for some football!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heck yeah baby     go titans     big <propmale> two sacks already, not a good fantasy start       god bless this time of year!!!"
"road house  p w  way 2 fight a battle w  still a dangerous disease rip  had a great day @ the fair & oh my fair food, bbq chicken, raspberry cobbler, need i say more  who exactly is bucky covington? american idol, so i hear  figured out the kids will have gone everyday to the fair while it is here  when i was their age once maybe twice, lol  god bless my family, extended family, miss 1, sleep 2 come  good night all "
"sleep sleep and more sleep         looking forward to the big game this weekend, and to morrow with dinner for a charitable cause with abuela <propfemale>, and the family friends    god bless all love you all and have a great friday and weekend    go gators"
"go gators, beat arkansas          god bless <propmale> t's continuous recovery health performance    say it is great to be a florida gator!!! the gator nation!!!! can't for the first time this year see the game as i will be on a youth retreat      sad  but thank goodness for iphone power!!!! lol"
"watching football  the refs suck in the browns game gave pittsburgh a fricken first down when it was clearly short by a chain link  missed the game & all of the alum but there is an app for that i watched it on my phone, thank goodness! i am pissed alabama, is ahead of us in the ap  a win is a win is a win! waiting for the first bcs poll  going to mass then <propfemale> w  the kids & enjoying the night looking forward to it!"
"god bless a great day!! my cousin was welcomed with a good traditional thanksgiving!! always welcome back  spent time with family, all missed those not here, happy thanksgiving to all my fb family!!! god bless!!!! ate too much, lol, miss you sweetheart!"
well no better way to say it but go sec!!! lol hard to swallow but it was the first loss of a hard fought season of haters and ignorence from haters     god bless spending a relaxing night with those one care about!!! god bless all of my family extended family!!! why does it have to be sooo cold in the north    <propfemale> much for global warming   
"<propfemale> christmas to all my family, extended family, friends, and acquaintances' for everyone of you mean sooo much to me!! to you and your family may god bless you on this day!!!"
"looking forward to tomorrow!!! bad news for gator nation, but it is something not new to me as i read an article in si about 4 -6 weeks ago on coach meyer that helps make sense of his departure    god bless him and his family in taking care of something more imprtant then football, you will be missed coach!!!"
just got <propmale> t-hate mail: her eyou go you tellme if i responded well gator nation baby!!!
shake 'n' bake
"ok, made it through a great time watching the kids at <propmale> e cheese, man can they go through tokens on 1 token games, lol  ended it with a great dinner con abuelita!!! i as well as others love that woman! watched some tv w  her, then hit the slopes of the snow down pour, yes in the car! lol made it safe, spent time w  family, talked to a friend, enjoyed rest of evening w  olympics! on to tuesday! god bless everyone!"
"here comes the weekend snow again, working in my head like a new emotion!!!"
"i never ever ever thought i would be happy to see the 60's      beautiful day out, and getting green for st  <propfirst>'s day!! the light you see in the sky is less radiant then the light god gives to you for sharing with the world and sharing with yourself!!! god bless everyone that allows me to be a part of their lives!!! go green!!!"
"2 days in a row      in march      60's  who would have thought it  pinch me day two to make sure i am awake     i learned from someone that rainbows don't end in one day, god gave you a light to shine on all rainy days, so ride that light to your pot of gold, because, impossible is nothing! god and his light is so easy to attain! love everyone! oh yeah gator nation, march madness!!!!"
next up mass     8am! had a great night with all the youth at the y-lock in!!!! everyone rocked!!! look forward to journey and thanks to <propfirst> for the invite!!! god bless everyone on this fifth sunday of lent!!! love you all!!!
"yet another sunday down      it was tiring, fun, rewarding, and again did sooo much! now onto another monday    this week should be great too, i am really e playful ecting god will! god bless everyone as we move closer to the resurrection on easter! love you all and am honored to continue to know each and everyone of you! it is my honor!"
"monday, monday      oh ahhh, oh ahhhh    may god brighten your light to brighten the light of this day of rain! if it is not raining your your area, may you still use the light given to brighten other people day!! god bless and here goes the new week!"
"mondannnnns finally over, now onto tuesday news day!!! a lot to do, and hoping the storm breaks    god bless all again whom i am blessed on calling family, extended family, friends and acquantences!! you don't know how truly you are blessing me!! god bless this lenten season and all of you!! if you still don't care to know me then my light still shines for everyone!"
"ohn to wednesday, hump day      shine god's children, shine that light that he has given you for eveyone to see! god bless, everyone   if only you could see it as i do    if you do then god and lent has done it's impact!"
"for my savior, jesus  christ, a new facebook challenge    i am out to prove that my friends  will repost this, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a  statement!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if you  are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am  not ashamed!!!"
"my <propmale> met <propfirst> before the taping today, she was dressed in her gator  gear!! he told her he couldn't get in, but that me is friend did and is a  gator through and through     she told him to tell <propfirst>, me!!! lol to  go gators, gator nation!!! i was like no way that is fricken awesome!!!  sweet!!!!! god bless all my family, extended family, friends, acquantances, i love you all, i am the honor one!!!"
"this is holy week     let's  lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross,  he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus  christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed!! praise the lord! thank you  jesus~ happy easter everyone!! great repost     more to come during the final days of this lenten season    love everyone like they were my family!!!"
"happy easter everyone! on this jesus' resurrection!! wow added bonus he delivered 2 all new members around the world on this day, 2 partake in the body & blood of our lord! to all the youth, miss all of you & look forward to another journey, all my family extended family friends & acquaintances i am honored to know you & have been blessed to have been able 2 be a part of your life in one way or another! happy easter!"
"cuban food shopping near nyc      can not get this stuff in ohio, sooooooo hope there is room in the car!!!!! if not may have to drive the car from the roof!!!!! lmao"
"back in the country, miss the city, love the food, the opportunity, the everything, now back to earth and my love for the future    i know the city misses me just as much, next time, more friends and more family!!!! god bless all of those who i call family, friends, etc    i am a blessed person!"
great night at journey 04 retreat meeting i always love meeting with the youth and watching them work    can not wait for the retreat god bless all of you!!
"<propmale> brown draft finally looks like we know what we are doing, it doesn't hurt that we also have a gator!!! i am stoked, although it is just a draft  seeing clash of the titans, remember it as a kid and know if they just gave it great special effects and do not change the story tooo much, i will be stoked!!!! pray for <propfirst> knox, god bless her and everyone, love all of you!!!!!"
"it's small world after all       lol obviously not in disney, but just saw <propfemale> and ally at the point, don't be jealous a second time, lol      "
"it is official, i now know 2 eagle scouts  1 newly appointed, <propfirst> smith & 1, <propmale> kaufman, a dear friend  only 2% of all scouts in <propfemale> make eagle scout  so 2 know two is my honor & privilege!! happy father's day 2 all the dad's out there! god bless all u do & all u stand for! i am honored 2 have multiple dad's & am blessed that mine is mine,  love  u dad! god has blessed me w  everything i have  happy father's day!"
usa u s a uuu sss aaa                    
are you kidding me!!!!
"post ? this ? on ? anyone's ? wall ? who ?made?\ you ? smile ? somewhere, ? sometime ? in ? your ? life  ? it ?may? \surprise ? you,? but ? check ? out ? how ? many ? come ? back  ?"
"<propmale> fan all the way here    i am a miami boy, but still just \another one leaving    same to him as the rest     next! god bless everyone, i love all my family, my suedo family, my friends, and of course all that allow me to be a part of their lives    "
at the fest by 4 or 5 text me everyone there and let me know where you are    god bless and let's have some fun!
dang it i am wearing a guavara!!!!! not a cowboy shirt           i am cuban!!!! gator nation
dang it i am wearing a guayabera!!!!!!! not a cowboy shirt         i am cuban!!!!!! gator nation!!!!!!
"one stumble does not break a season     as in the famous words of <propmale> tebow, we will get up, work harder,      the rest of the season! god bless"
"you can’t indian give, the gift, that i gave you, from the\giver!!!!!!!!!!!! i am just saying… "
"a2\ + b2 = c2, does the celtics beating the heat + the cavs beating the \celtics = the cavs beat the heat      darn it    will just have to wait \until december    hahahaha     gator nation beat <propfemale>!!!! largest outdoor cocktail party, wish i was there!!!!"
"i bet university of kentucky fans are pissed today as the ncaa ruled enes ineligible      doh        i can not say i agree with the ncaa fully but they have done their investigation, even if it ridiculous that they did not add to or elaborate on the grey area in the rules      that is the ncaa for you or most any institution, unwilling to but their neck out in creating less of a gray area "
"my name is <propfirst>, i like to eat jelly, my status was hijacked, by my friends in the circle!!!  playful   oh and gators suck!  wink  not really, but i'm trying to invoke a reaction so yes, they suck lol"
"snow snow snow snow, no no no no no, ok it is nice to watch, nice to ski in, nice to see \and say, \i wish i could have a white xmas\""", but not so nice when you have\4b1a1ef3e0f0c32728 laugh 7f2ef8faf79f,"<propfemale> christmas and god bless to all of my family, extended family, friends, and acquaintances       i pray for all of you to have a great day and get what you want      i got what i wanted, you know who you are! love everyone!!!"
"lu-cky                   oh wait an osu team finds a nut every 78 years    lol (never beat an sec team since 1932, first sec team played) and it wasn't for a national title    lol so o-h-1932 about time, i-o!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahahahaha"
am i really rooting for auburn?!?!?!? oh wait all of the ohio state fans are rooting for oregon     wait auburn represents 5 sec teams in a row to win a national championship go auburn!!!!
"<propfirst>, never leave your facebook unattended \love, <propfemale>   smile "
4 of the top 7 mls draft picks are from university of akron and helped us win our first ever national championship       still a gator but gotta love uofakron      
"i have to say, espn doesn't give florida the sec proper play  why do you have to hate espn? i've been watching espn 4 the last hour waiting 4 the comeback win by the gators in bball  espn the sec is the best in football, bball, baseball, softball, track, swimming, diving, etc   so get on the train, because it's the best in the station! btw espn get off of miami's jock, those 3 do well with each other w o your help "
"i am with <propfirst> <propmale>, el heat es el frio         garacias el bulls and señor <propmale>!!!!!!"
after that game i do not know how to feel!!!!!!!!!! gator nation!!!! all i can say is sec vs  sec final!!!! then what!?!?!?!?!
