5e4b7071f0dad5a65e4d67c065b27d12
"we had good time with friends ringing in the new year! i am paying for it today, lol!"
"up and moving, feeling better than yesterday! i am getting too old for all of that, can't keep up with the younger crowd anymore!! sure is fun trying though   lol!!"
"sunday already   where did the weekend go? back to work tomorrow, have to do laundry and get prepared for the week to come "
"is getting ready to go to bed   got to get up for church tomorrow  i have definately enjoyed this long weekend with my family, sure hate that it is winding down!!"
"is sooooo hating that this long weekend has come to an end   it was sooooo nice spending this time with my family!!! back to work tomorrow, got to go to bed!"
is worn out!!! it is always hard to get back into the swing of things after a long weekend and it was a monday too!!
"is home from work and ready to relax! i have <propfemale> doing homework, <propfirst> giving the scoop from pop's doctor visit today  it sure is nice to have him home tonight, i miss him when he is gone!!!"
"waking up to my morning cup of coffee! we went to a friend's house  last night, played cards and had a good time! we will be pulling t's superbowl team on their float in the <propmale> parade today!"
we froze in the <propmale> parade yesterday but the kids enjoyed it! had a blast hanging out and playing cards with friends last night!!
"i am at home with <propmale> today, been a scary morning!!! she decided to take her meds by herself instead of waiting on us to give them to her   she took the wrong medication  she took one of hers with one of her daddy's   had to call poison control!!! they said to keep her home, watch her but she should be fine  thank you jesus!!!!! terrifying feeling, that is all i can say!!!"
what a messy and wet day   would have been a good day for snuggling up and resting!
"up this morning having my coffee  had a good time ith friends from work at our white elephant christmas party last night  we have to run errands today, maybe we will get to enjoy some relaxing family time at some point "
"monday again   got to go to work today  only one more week, got vacation next week!!"
i am sooooo tired! i am about to get ready for work and i am hoping for a godd day!!
"just got home from work, been a long day!"
"is enojoying \me time\"" with a cup of coffee   got two more days of work then i have 9 days off!! wooohooo"""
"yesterday was my last day of work for 9 days and my wonderful hubby's 34th bithday  we were supposed to celebrate and enjoy our evening but we ended up at the er  my poor pop, had to call the ambulance for him  how much more can they take??? please pray for them!!!!!"
"we went christmas shopping today, what a madhouse everywhere we went!!! pop is still in the hospital but he is hanging in there   keep the prayers coming!!!"
"is frustrated   my first day of vacation and i can't even sleep in  believe me, i tried!!! oh well, i am going to enjoy my time off with my baby girl anyway!!!"
"i am up early once again   just cannot seem to sleep in no matter how hard i try! oh well, my baby girl and i are planning on getting out of the house today anyway  i will let her sleep in and then we will get out and about for a girls day!"
"here we go again   up at 6 surprise 0am, why???? oh well, got a busy day today  <propfemale> trip with <propfemale> and trystan, pick up the four-wheeler, etc "
<propfemale> christmas to all and your families!!!!!!
i hope everyone had a wonderful christmas!! i enjoyed spending time with our families!!!
"just came in from a full day   went to church, exchanged a couple of christmas gifts, bought a few groceries and let <propmale> ride the 4 wheeler  whew   i am worn out and it is back to work tomorrow sure was nice having a week off!!"
"i am hoping today is better than yesterday! people were crazy and mean, all of the joy from christmas left with the holiday!"
"about to get ready for work, got to go the the doctor today too   uuggghhh!"
"getting ready for work, i am sure it will be crazy!!! then i will be ringing in the new year with my hubby, baby girl and friends  hoping 2010 will be better than 2009 for everyone!!!"
"happy new year's to all of my family and friends, have fun and stay safe!!!!"
"home from work, time to chill   waiting on my hubby to get home  need my snuggle <propmale>, nothing like loving on my man!!!"
"brrrrrrrrr!!!! it is cold outside, do not want to get out of the bed! i just want to stay snuggled up to my baby all day   to bad i cannot play hookey from work, lol!!!! hoping it is going to be a good day!"
"met my absolutely wonderful hubby 14 years ago today, been togther ever since!!!! its going to be an awesome day!!! brrrrrrr!!!! gotta find a way to keep warm   "
"been enjoying some family time   we went out to dinner, watched some tv and now time for bed! wonder what the weather will do tomorrow, hope we will have something pretty to look at without the mess!!!"
i feel like poo   i hate being sick!!! so happy it's the weekend and i am home relaxing! <propmale> has her first practice in th am and i hope she enjoys it!!
"up and moving, having to morning coffee and a litlle me time! <propmale> has practice this am and then getting my hair cut again, who knows what the rest of the day will hold   going to enjoy it with the family no matter what!!!"
"feeling like total poo, this crap is kicking my tail!!! <propmale> spent the night off last night, gotta get up and moving so i can go pick up my baby girl!!!"
"i am felling like total poo!!! just at some chicken noodle soup, about to take some night-time medicine   hoping to get some rest and feel better!! i am miserable!!!!!!"
"got to get up and get ready for work   still feel like totoal poo!! i wish this stuff would go away, i hate being sick!!!!!!!"
"home from work and miserable from this crud that i cannot seem to kick!!! going to wash some dishes, whip up some dinner and go to bed!"
"getting ready for work, having a hard time getting moving! can't breathe, coughing hurts   oh well, keep on trucking!!! hoping it's going to be a good day!!!!"
"so much for having a good day, it was freakin horrible!!!!! so happy to be home relaxing and spending time with my family!!!"
"it was week from hell at work, so glad that it is over!!!!! saw dr j today   got a steroid shot, antibiotic and cough medicine  sure hope it kicks this crud!!!! looking forward to enjoying the weekend   relaxing, spending time with family and friends - all of the important things in life!!!"
"up and about to get ready for work   wishing i could stay home!!! oh well, no such luck because the bills just don't stop coming in!!!"
i am sooooo tired and it is time to get ready for work   this is one of those days that you literally have to drag yourself out of the bed and it sucks!!!!!
"<propmale> has her first game today, she is going to do great!!!!! then we are off the haleigh's bday and some skating   it is going to be a fun day!!"
"went to church this am, had the nursery  sure makes me wish i could keep little ones everyday, i love it!!!! maybe one day that dream will come true but until then i will just have to give 110% where i am now  chillin with the family, relaxation time   i enjoy slow days just spending time with my <propfemale> and baby girl!!!!!"
"having my morning coffee and then it is time to do it all over again   blah, blah, blah!!! hoping for better days at work has not worked yet so i will just take it as it comes   what's next? i am missing my <propfemale>, back to working nights and it is going to take some getting used to again!!"
"going in to work earlier today, hope <propmale> gets moving with no problems this am! another day, another few dollars   lol!!!"
"had a long day at work! <propfemale> is sick, had to take her to work with me this am to have the doc check her out  she has a sinus & throat infection, she came home and stayed with daddy   running a temp now and looks pityful  i hate seeing her like this!!! wish i could wave my magic wand   "
"okay   need to find out how <propmale> is doing this am, does she still have a temp? this will determine if she goes to school today   if not, i have to wait for <propfirst> to get home before i can go in  let's hope she is better than yesterday   my poor baby girl!!!"
"home from work, <propmale> a long week! so glad it is friday because i don't think i would make it another day!!! now i am chillin with my <propfemale> and baby girl   "
"it stinks   i wake up at the crack of <propfemale> during the week because i have to; then on the weekends, i have the <propmale> to sleep in and i still wake up at the crack of <propfemale>!!"
jessic and <propfirst> went to wrestling with trystan and ronnie   i should be enjoying this time alone but i miss them!!!
"up early again, since 5 smile 0   drinking my morning coffee, listening to my <propfemale> snore, watching tv, doing laundry and playing on the computer  we are doing our taxes today, sure ope it is good news!!!!!"
"well, it's monday again   let's see how the day goes "
"today was long but not too bad   jess had practice tonight, got home in time to get her rady for bed  i have been enjoying some me time to wind down, now it is my bedtime!! good night fb family and friends!"
been a long day   i am sooooo tired lately!!! just ate dinner and now it is time to wind down 
another day   must i get up? it is definately coffee time!!!
"watched mercy, it was awesome tonight! and now i am watching american idol since law & order svu is a re-run  it is abouth time to go to bed, hope i sleep better tonight!"
"oh my   i barely slept last night and woke up with a horrible headache on the right side of my neck, going down into the back of my neck and it is making me sick to my stomach!!! what a crappy morning   i can't quit shaking!!!"
"feeling soooo much better today   not to mention, i actually slept through the entire night!!! cannot remember the last time i was able to do that   it's friday!!!!!"
i am soooooo glad it is friday!!! looking forward to spending time with my family this weekend   jessica & trystan have games tomorrow and we are off to the circus on sunday!!!
"time to wind down   watched the kiddos play b-ball today, watched a couple of movies  got nursey in the morning and then it is off to the circus "
we had fun at the circus today!!! time to wind down and get ready for the work week!!!!
what a flippin day   i am soooo glad it is over and i cannot wait until betime!!! my daughter acted like a turd today and bs at work   what the heck?
"feeling like crap!!!! fever, headache, chills and serious pain in my lower belly torso!!! have to get <propmale> ready for school, waiting on hubby to get home and called the doc when they open "
"it has been a whrilwind since wed am   emergency surgery, stay in the hospital   just getting home and settiled in  happy <propfirst>'s day to all my fb family and friends!"
"okay, what else will this family go through??? doctor visits today   jessica on antibiotic for cough sinuses, <propfirst> being treated for flu (gave hime zpak and tamiflu), i am on prevemtative dose of tamiflu and i return for my follow up tomorrow from all of my issues  fb family and friends   need your prayers!!!!!!!!!"
"well, doc removed stitches yesterday but i m still real sore  go back next tues and scheduled to return to work next wed at this point "
this has not been the best of days   rating high on the pain scale today!! thank god for my wonderful and loving hubby   taking care of me!!!!!
it's friday   still sore but i think i may try to get some housework done today  doc's instructions were not to lift and bend alot but i try to accomplish a little something!
"first day out of this house since surgery, hospital stay and doctor's visits   jessica and trystan have games today! soooo looking forward to getting out for a while   moving slow, still sore but i will just have to take it easy and not over do it!"
"took the kiddos to the rodeo last night, think i may have pushed myself too hard!! in some pain today   that is okay, we had fun!!!"
"we added a new addition to our family today   she is an american bulldog mix, her name is <propfemale>!"
"well, just took <propfemale> out for a potty break just in time   the bottom just fell out and it sounds mean right now!!! hoping it will blow over quickly, <propmale> needs to shower and get ready for school!"
"<propfemale> had a game tonight   my baby girl did good and the team played very well against an undefeated team, the kiddos should be proud!!!"
"back to reality today   the doctor released me to return to work! it was nice being at home, boring at times but nice!!!"
work was hell today!!!!! so glad to be home a relaxing with my family!!!
all aboard the friday train   woohoo!!! i don't know if i would make it a another day   tired an in pain!!!
what the hell??? bad news again today   had to go back to the doc today due to pain and i am going for surgery again next week!!
"proud of <propfemale> and her team, they were quite a match for their opponents   awesome game!!!!!"
"this sucks, living on meds this weekend   ib 600 during day and stronger at night for pain, antibiotic 2 x day, double birth control pills that make make me nauseated!!! never thought i could look forward to a surgery but   i cannot wait until wed!!! i am hoping for some red lobster before then though!!!"
woke up soooooo nauseated this morning but i want to try to go to work before my appts today!! gonna try and push on   
"sleep   i sure need a good night of it!!! up before the crack of <propfemale> the last 3 mornings   3 smile 0 this am, 4 surprise 0 yesterday and 3:15 on sun am! this sucks!!!!"
"the closer i get to tomorrow, the more of a basketcase i become!!!! i am sooooo ready for this to be over!!!"
"today is the day   praying all goes well in my surgery and for my loving husband, he is soooooo worried!"
"well, surgery on wed went okay i guess  the doc said is was a huge mess by the time he went in to remove it! came home friday at lunchtime, went back to hospital at 4pm  they released me yesterday evening   home sweet home, for good this time i hope!!!!!!! my wonderful husband has taken care of me the entire time!!!!!"
"i am the luckiest woman in the world!!!! i have the most wonderful, loving, caring and patient husband taking care of me while i am healing!!!! god has truly blessed me!!!!!"
"going to see the doc today for my first post op, getting the first set of stitches removed   ouch! get to see how well i am healing and when i get to e playful ect to return to work "
"doc removed 1st set of stitches today, return for follow on others april 5th   then i return to work "
"saturday morning came waaaayyy too early for me, i slept like poo last night!!! what to do today??? definately making a run to petsmart with <propfemale>, the puppy, for a few items needed  just going to spend some quality time with the family, i love it!!!"
hmmmm   what to do today??
"well it is monday again   the only thing that changes for me, getting <propmale> off to school  no work week for me, still taking it slow and easy "
"pop is in icu @ coliseum, need prayers for him and memama!!"
happy st <propfirst>'s day to all of my fb family and friends!!! think green!
"if you have a wonderful husband who works hard to provide for you and would do anything for you and your family, ? then repost this as your status to give the honest respectable men out there the recognition they deserve        because great men are few and far between and i have one!!!"
"man   the pain, exhaustion, hot flashes and night sweats are in high gear this week!!! the doc said it would happen but it was mild initially and i thought i was going to be lucky   no such luck!!!"
this headache just will not go away!!!!!
"today will be my first day out for excitement   we have a b-day party for family! this will be outside too, hope i am able to enjoy it!! definately wont be participating in the ball game   i will sit out and cheer them on, hoping to find some shade!!!"
"well, yesterday went okay   defiantely feeling drained today and i didn't sleep well last night either!! hoping for a good day today!!"
"up early to get <propmale> off to school, soooo tired of being tired! a good night's sleep seems to be a privilege i just don't have lately!!"
"wow!! we took the puppy to the vet yesterday for meds, had her weighed   she is 27 6 lbs, up from 19 6 lbs about a week and a half ago!! she is going to be big!!"
"okay, i am going to try to overcome this exhaustion by doing some work from home today!! i have been trying everyday without much success   "
"please pray for our family and peace for memama   pop has decided to stop dialysis, signed documents for no resusitation or life support and the hospice doctor will be coming in!!!"
"repostamber alert********** annoyed top playing for a minute-copy and repost! 3 yr old boy taken by man in rodchester mi driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse  plate #98b351 repost now! seriously!!!!!!! i hope to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times, a child is in danger - this was on the national news   i reposted this from another source   "
"first concert you attended! everyone please play!you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' first concert was  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your first concert at the end of this sentence''    doobie brothers (i was a little, mom took me) and <propfirst> nicks (in middle school)"
"it's daughter week    if you have one daughter or more, who makes your life interesting and fun, is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living, copy and paste this to your status   "
went to hospital today for a visit with memama & pop   he never knew we were there and memama is having such a hard time! wish i had the words to give her peace!!! please keep the prayers coming!!!!
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  on your mark   get set   go!
"i am a cook, a housekeeper, a parent, a teacher, a student, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handy man, a maid, security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday, sick pay, or a day off, i work through the day and some of the night, i am under paid and over worked now tell me that your job is harder then mine  repost this if you're a mom  ?"
"did not sleep well last night, up early   not sure how this day will go! getting out for pink pancakes this am and see some of the <propfemale> <propfemale> events  hoping i will enjoy myself without overdoing it!!!"
"i enjoyed myself for most of the day, got very sore in the afternoon hours!!! had some pink pancakes, looked at mustangs, went to <propfirst>'s bench-press contest, down to let the kiddos ride a few rides and then homeward bound  i was asleep by 6 smile 0pm   too bad i don't sleep through the night!!!"
"well, <propfemale>'s spring break has officially started   had to pay extra for daycare this week and she wanted to stay home today, go figure!"
"today   i have been married to the most wonderful man 14 years!!! he knows all of my issues, has put up with me this long and loves me anyway!!! <propfirst> has given me the best years of my life so far and i am looking forward to a lifetime yet to come!!! i love my hubby!!!!!"
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list? well, here is a task for you   i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met--i mean our first encounter ever--then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  i will bet you will be amazed "
"heartbroken!!! the stray <propfemale> that has been here since we moved in, i fed from the beginning, learned to trust me and made a home here was killed overnight   silly but i could help but cry!! ozzy was my buddy   always coming to see me, wanting some loving, talking to me   i am going to miss him!!!!!! we will bury him here since his home was here!"
wishing all of my friends and family a happy easter!!!!!
"my family is heartbroken right now   pop went home to be with the lord yesterday  we are going to miss him tremendously but find peace knowing he is in a better place with no more pain, sorrow or suffering! we celebrate the life he lived and the happiness he brought to our lives!!! we love you pop!!!!!!!!"
"here with the family, spending time with visitors, sharing memories and celebrating pop's life!! thank you to all of my friends and family for the prayers, it means soooo much!!! arrangements have been made: thursday 6pm to 8pm visitation, friday 3pm services, all will be held at macon memorial on mercer university dr in macon "
"today i am remembering the life you lived, the things you taught me and holding on to all of the memories we shared   i love you pop!!! you will be missed, never forgotten and always here in my heart until we meet again!!!!"
"it has been a rough week, we all miss pop sooooooo much!!! heaven is rejoicing, we are mourning but find peace knowing we will meet again!!!!"
spending as much time with memama as i can before returning to work   we all miss pop sooooo much but i cannot even begin to imagine her pain at this time!!!!
"got <propmale> off to school this morning, crct's started today and i am hanging out with memama!!!"
"well, trying to make it through another day   mood swings, nerves, etc  - they are bad!!! i wish my meds would hurry up and make a difference!!"
made it through my first day back at work   i sure am tired!!!
"praying for memama!!! it is going to be a hard day   it is their wedding anniversary, 58 years and they were together 62 or so!!!!"
"crappy day!!!!! i am me, what you see is what you get, i will work my butt off but i refuse to change who i am or kiss tail for anyone's approval!!! treat people how you would want to be treated   remember there is such thing as <propfemale> and she bites hard!!!!!"
you find out who your true friends are real quick!! amazing how people can look at you in the eye knowing they have talked shit about you!!!
"it's funny,people wonder what is going on or who i am talking about   if it is you, you kow it's you and if itls not, don't worry about it because it doesn't matter!"
"i made a decision, followed through with it and feel such a relief now!!! to all that are wondering and assuming   don't make more of the story than there really is! i am soooooo excited, change is good!!!!!"
"got itchy eyes, headache, stuffy nose, sore throat,   this stinks, i am miserable!!!"
well i have officially been assigned to a new position as i requested last week   wr office and i am excited!!!!
"enjoyed a day with the family   we went to the fair, spent too much money but had a blast!!!!"
"up and at em early again this am, sure would love to sleep in one of these days!!! oh well, what to do today   hmmmmmmmm??"
"headed for bed, got to get up bright and early for work tomorrow! hope this week is better than last week!!!!"
what a day!!! i woke up late this am and i hate starting the day running!!! i didn't even get to enjoy my me time and a cup of coffee   ruins my whole day!!!!
had a good day in wr! hope tomorrow isn't too bad   first busy day alone!
"resting where no shadows fall, in peaceful sleep she awaits us all;\god will link the broken chain, when one by one we meet again \rip <propfemale>, we love you and will miss you!!!"
extremely frustrated and torn at the moment   how can things get soooooo messed up soooooo quickly???? praying things work out and get better soon!!!!!!!
"soooooo proud of my baby girl   jess got an award for \overall a average\"" today at school!!!"""
"spending some time with my <propfemale>, playing with the new <propfemale> and chillin out!!"
"the things kids do just blow my mind!!!! had a good day today, hoping tomorrow is too!!"
had a good day at work   i am loving the wr position!!!
i am sooooooo sleepy tonight!!! may wind up going to bed early if all works out in my favor   
what a dreary day   need the rain but it sure messes up any outdoor plans!!!
it is always hard to go back to work after a long weekend!!! i am tired and have to go in early tomorrow! hoping to turn in early tonight!!!
"shooting pool and having a few drinks with my <propfemale>, we haven't done this in years   lovin it!!! we went out shopping for our baby girl   man, she is soooooo spoiled and doesn't even know it!!"
busy day again today   last minute preparations for the bday party @ 2pm and we hoping it doesn't rain!!!
"<propfemale>'s bday party went great! the rain held off, good turnout, lots of wonderful gifts   thank you all!!!"
"well, took the day off to get things done around the house   got a few things done, took the kitten to the vet and chilled out here and there  got the weekend to finish up!"
"well, had sooooo much going on yesterday i missed the one thing i would have really did not want to miss   a baby shower for a great friend!! i guess it is a good thing she only lives a few houses around the corner from me   be seeing you soon <propfemale>!!!!"
enjoyed the weekend with my family but now it is back to work   i hate mondays!!!
"well, lost 20 pounds thus far   10 to 15 more to go!!! yaaaay me!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"if your dad is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you or if he is in heaven looking over you   copy & paste      i love you daddy!"
there are many complaints that facebook has become unacceptably slow the report shows that facebook has a number of nonactive members  they want us to re-post this message to see who are active and who are not   if you don't post this message within 2 weeks             you will be removed in order to get more space  post this on your    wall to show that you are active in the facebook
"wow   i am soooooo exhausted!!!! late night with the girls, <propmale> and <propfirst>! now we are watching <propfemale> montana  we are going to have an early moning too   should be interesting!!"
enjoy our weekend full of family time!!!! two 10 year olds will definately keep you busy but we have enjoyed every minute of it!!!
been one hell of a day!!!!!!!!!! just wish it would end!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am sooooo tired!!! one more day to get through and it is a 3 day weekend to enjoy!!!
i am sooooo glad the work week is over and i am looking forward to the 3 day weekend with the family!!! what are we going to get into???
<propmale> and i are at the vet with gizmo   got to get the next round of kitten shots 
"<propmale> and i had a girls day shopping yesterday, we had fun! the family is going to catch some poolside fun today and fireworks tonight!! happy july 4th everyone   have fun and be safe!!!!"
"thank goodness it is the weekend   for a short work week, it sure felt long!!!!"
"up early this am   excited because we are having dish ntwk installed today!!! just me and the hubby this am, our baby girl stayed the night off   "
counting down the days   pc beach bound on sunday! one full week away from here and time to send with the family   i am soooo excited!!!
today is friday   yaaaayyyy!!! to make it even better   i am off work for the next 8 days!!!! i sooooooo need this time off   excited!!!
"absolutely loving life right now!!! spending time with the family, waking up with my morning coffee while i listen to the waves crashing in and relaxing in the sun all day   life is good!!!"
"wow   sunshine, waves crashing, dolphins cruising by, fish jumping around in the water, seagulls flying by, surfers and kayakers riding the waves   what a beautiful and peaceful morning to wake up to!!!"
our vacation is almost over   last full day away from the realities of life!! gotta make the most of it today   
"well, vacation is over and we are the road home   it was fun while it lasted!!!"
keeping the mckinnon family in my prayers!!!! such a sad situation and they suffered a tremendous loss today!!
having such a hard time getting back into the swing of things after our vacation   i am soooo drained!!! looking forward to the weekend!!!
"sooooo glad to see the weekend   too bad it is halfway over! enjoyed the day with family and friends, got to go school shopping tomorrow "
hating the weekend is over!!!!!!!!!!! monday   uuuggghhh!!!!
"i am stressing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! decisions, decisions, decisions   why is life life soooohard??? just praying that god will open doors and lead me in the right direction!!"
"we prayed about it, made a huge decision in our lives and continuing to pray all works out! fear can hold you back, you will never know unless you try!!"
big brother   i was a fan of <propfemale> for a bit because she was tough and sassy but she turned out to be such a whiney little b! i am glad she is gone   see ya rach!!!
i am soooooo stir-crazy today   been up since the crack of <propfemale> while the family slept in  i wish i could too!! we have nothing to do   jess is working on her science project 
i don't know what is wrong with me today   i feel like poo and my nerves are shot!! everything is irritating me   
"as my good friend, <propfemale>, would say: all aboard   we are ridin the friday train!!!"
"at <propfirst> gs with the kiddos   go karts, laser tag, virtual coaster, mini golf   i am already worn out!!"
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!! they made my day!!!
"well, i am about to get ready for work for the last time   i cannot believe it! i am gonna miss all of the friends i have made!! going to be an adjustment, not seeing everyone every day! i am soooooo excited to begin a new chapter in my life though!"
"spent my first day off doing absolutely nothing   nice!! today, getting my hair cut and getting some housework done  wow, it is nice to be on my own schedule   dont mis work but i do miss my buddies!"
"enjoying life   free time, getting things done and not having to go to work all day, all week!! i love making my own schedule on my own time!!!"
"well, i finally got my new wireless usb replacement ordered!!! i cannot stand it without internet at the house!!!"
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer   i have to add a little something  smile        lord please be with each of them and all of their family  bless them with the comfort of you lord  amen"
"it is sooooooo hot in this house!!!!!!!!!!! got the ac man here again, 3rd time this week   hope he gets the thing fixed today!! been without ac since sunday and it is miserable!!!!!"
"finally, 3rd time is a charm   the a c is fixed and we are cool again!!!!!!"
"up and going early this sat morning, about to start getting ready my trystan's football game   let's go pirates!!!"
"home from t's game, it was soooooo hot!!! they won   way to go pirates!!! we had to rush home after getting lunch, the team was going to the ft valley state game   coach is grilling hamburgers & hotdogs, t's team was going to be announced as they came out in their jerseys  trystan was soooooo excited, his uncle <propfirst> took him   just the boys!"
"we are headed to church this am   got to go get ready, get <propfemale> & trystan ready and then get <propfirst> up and ready! looking forward to hearing the awesome word of god and a day spent with family!!!"
"e playful ensive day!!! we took <propfemale>'s 4 wheeler to be serviced  while we were loading it, we see my tire is almost flat so we took my care for tire repair, rotate & balance and an oil change since that was due too  also, my doctor called to tell me about my labwork   i have to start taking cholesterol medication and she is renewing my narcolepsy medication "
looking forward to going to sleep listening to the rain coming down!!! i love it   so peaceful and relaxing!!!
"enjoyed a trip with memama to the nail salon yesterday then had an evening of fun with friends! looking forward to a day with the family, starting it off right and heading to church this am!"
"enjoyed the weekend with family and friends!!! ran a few errands today, housework tomorrow and hoping to finalize our plans for a trip this weekend   life is good!!!"
"i like it on    the bedroom floor, the kitchen counter or on top of the freezer "
"trip is over and we have to go home   always a bummer!! we have enjoyed our time here but 3 days is just not enough, soooooo much to do in <propfemale> beach!!!"
"true friends don't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, abou your past or if your family is filled with crazies  they love you for who you are  a true frien can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you have one true friend ? ?"
enjoyed our trip to the fair yesterday with the kiddos but the lines were outrageous!! it is sooooo frustrating when you have people doing their best to cut in line and it makes me angrier to see parents encouraging their children to do so!!!
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only one: to get better i know, that 97% will not post this as their status, be one of the 3% and put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it "
life is god's gift to you! the way you live it   is your gift to god!!
"only an aunt can hug like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and love like a friend if you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews, repost this as your status "
•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter in the world ?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•??
"i'm a handful!! most women won't repost this  i'm strong, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best! if you're a handful, repost!! i dare you! i'll be looking for the ladies who repost   "
"concerned student writes: dear god, why do you allow so much violence in our schools?  letter from god: dear concerned student, i am not allowed in schools!"
we just left the most beautiful wedding   congratulations <propfemale> & <propfirst>!!!! such a gorgeous bride!!!!!
"just got out of church, awesome service   best of all, my niece was baptized  we are sooooo proud!!!!"
"god gives miracles to those who believe, courage to those with faith, hope to those who dream, love to those who accept & forgiveness to those who ask   "
"my husband has laughed with me, cried with me  hugged me tight  seen me fail, watched me succeed  cheered me on  been through thick and thin with me  kept me going strong  given me room to grow  my husband is a promise that i will have a friend forever!  *put this as your status if you love your husband *"
"trystan & i are sitting in carpool line, waiting to get jessica   we are jamming out to some good tunes!!"
"heavenly father   walk through my home and take away all worries and any illnesses  please watch over and heal my family and friends  in jesus name, amen  this prayer is so powerful! stop what you're doing & set this to your status   watch what he will do!!"
watching trystan practice then through a drive-thru for some dinner and home to bake some goodies for tomorrow 
"it's christmas       not x-mas!!! don't remove christ from his birthday!!!post\this if you agree       please don't x out the lord!!!!!(i want to see this on everyone's wall!!!) if you agree please repost   "
i may not be all that i should be but i am more than i used to be   god's not finished with me yet!!!
i am soooooo tired but cannot sleep   frustrating!!!!!!!
doesn't care what is politically correct   you can't take christ out of christmas and e playful ect the holiday to mean anything! it is called christmas for a reason!!!!!
"happy birthday jesus!!!!\<propfemale> christmas to all of my family and friends!! may you all have a blessed day!!!"
"well, my second week at child care at home   i am loving it!!!! it has kept me off facebook though, been slightly busy   lol!!!!"
"kentucky just passed this law: to be on food-stamps, medicaid, or cash assistance on your children or yourself, you have to pass a drug test  now every other state should do the same  if you agree re-post  we have to work and take a drug test  so should they!!!!!"
"i believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post"
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have amazing children, put this as your status ? ? ??????????????? ????? ??????????????"
"went to the gym last night   it is sad to realize how out of shape i really am!!! i am about to het ready so we can go again   no pain, no gain!!"
"left for the gym at 5 smile 0am   it feels good!!! thanks to my girl, <propfemale>, for pushing me to go and inspiring me!!! this is long overdue, i'm excited!!!!"
got a une playful ected day off today   what to do???
just got home from the gym   we worked on abs and arms 
banana
"allergies   again!!!! getting tired of these flare ups, they seem to be getting frequent again   ugh!!!!!"
"up n at em early as usual  it sure would be nice to sleep in a little every now & then   heck, 7 or 8 am would be late for me!!"
"we enjoyed hanging with <propfirst> & <propfemale> last night, well this am too lol! went to the gym today, did cardio worked on legs  now, chillin at home with my hubby "
wow! the bottom fell out   the lightning is something else!!!
"the girl you just called fat? she's been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability and studies 4hr a night! the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on, hoping people would like her  the boy you just tripped? he has enough abuse at home! there's alot more to people than you think!!! put this as your status if your against bullying "
"it's daughter week! daughters outgrow our laps, but never our hearts   ? put this on your status if you have the most ? awesome ? daughter?in the ? world!"
"okay   i always tell the people i care about to <propfemale> in there, things will get better, don't give up, keep your head up, etc  as we all know, it sure is hard to take your own advice!!!!!"
"if your dad was a hard working man, is and always will be your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever   if you are blessed to still have your dad, or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you can never replace your dad!"
look twice - save a life!! motorcycles are everywhere! please repost this to your status to remind all of your family friends that it is motorcycle season and to take a few extra seconds to take a second look - it'll make a difference in saving the lives of our loved ones who enjoy the ride! please repost - even if you aren't a rider but know love someone that is
