e897e6857631d90a878b5debffaa54cc
last year: apostasy   this is the year for intellectual prime 
about to go buy another copy of fallout 3 to quell my withdrawl symptoms 
"gotta go, but i'll be back reeeeeaaallll quick "
"okay, back now, and my fallout 3 cravings are soon to be quelled "
"will be gone for awhile after i get off tonight, probably until either sunday, or sometime next week   text me if you have my number, if not, well    shit, i'll just put it up there "
<propmale> eastwood is about weed  really 
it's like a koala bear crapped a rainbow in my brain!
powerthirst is like <propfemale> meth in a can! powerthirst is <propfemale> meth in a can! powerthirst is <propfemale> meth!
"christ, that was the busiest goddamn day ever   i cleaned two theatres today, by myself! and, some of the people in this town are dumber than a sack of dirt "
i'm pretty sure the deathly hallows trailer just forced me to impregnate my pants 
"christ holland! you can karate kick a player in the chest, but you can't freaking score a goal!?"
god fucking damn you spain! fuck you!
every sentance means something entertaining when sex or jesus is involed!
"made a new catchphrase! \bacon the bollocks\""!"""
my mouth! ith numb! twee shoth ov novacain(?) blourgh 
i bet you'd make a perfect sperm depository 
7 and a half hours! oh shit! lottery tickets and phillipino coke whores for all!
"today is my 18th birthday, and i'm too tired to make any witty, funny, or even vulgar comments about it "
"to <propfemale>, skylar, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>, thanks! now, who wants to help me illegally import cuban cigars?"
"know what's cool?  when you just wake up, but your body's still asleep, and you can't move a single muscle for a half a second   actually, wait, that's not cool at all, it kinda sucks "
"i hate apathy, its pretentious  you don't care about the american government, or politics in general? you can get the fuck out  there's no use for hacks like you   it doesn't matter if you don't know anything about it, but don't put your gen x bullshit on a pedestal   oh, and register to vote, it's your civic fucking duty "
"i just registered with selective service   proud to be moving on up! no, really, its starting to be cool to be an adult in the eyes of the law "
"it's good to know that according to a few ignorant jack-offs in my english iv and u s  government class, i  apparently know absolutely everything   sorry, i didn't know it wasn't socially acceptable to be more intelligent than you "
"i love how abstinence contradicts christianity! ha! ask me how, people!!!"
"silver ring 'thing'? nah, no unimaginative abstinence for me, i like sex and debauchery "
"i just spent, so much fucking money on sancho panza double maduro quixote cigars   like a boss "
"i just registered with the libertarian party of the united states   i'm a card-carrying member, bitches "
godamn! i feel demons runnin' all through me! (name the song to gain 15 respect points!)
"those of my friends that know how politically motivated i am, and know i base my choices on logic, should take a gander at my recent blog  \\http annoyed  www facebook com notes brandon-steadman are-you-as-fed-up-with-washington-as-i-am 113052652083113"
"everytime you have butt sex, you support libertarian rights, like, no lie   i'm straight-faced seious here "
they're eating her!!! then they'll eat me! oh mah gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawd!!!!!!!!!!
"that is enough! i've had it, with these muthafuckin' snakes, on this muthafuckin' plane!!!!"
"i think today ought to be good, we have a full day today, which sucks, but there's also the first meeting of the student organization of which there is no name for! i have to be a wee bit excited there    "
"i said no, this isn't your song \we can't all get along \it's too hard to hold hands when your hands are fists \my hate pop won't ever stop \i'm fucking glad we're different \this is my hate american style "
"aha, getting on live chatrooms and getting the models to do wierd stuff is the greatest wastse of my time!"
its a trap!!!-admiral ackbar
racial slurs! racial slurs errwhere!
"hello mrs  catastrophy, you're looking quite raunchy today!"
"i think that was meant to go up your ass, <propfirst> "
"\what do you mean i don't believe in god?  i talk to him everyday!\"" name the song for brownie points """
"happy patriot's day everyone, i was kinda dismayed to see the lack of recognition around town today, but, still, remember those heroes on flight 93, and the brave emergency responders of new york city and washington d c "
there are so many christian youth groups around town   where are the islamic ones?  i'd go there     
"i know this is my third go at religion today, but, what's with all these \press like if you believe in god buttons\""?  how do you make one?  i need to start a secular one """
"knowing what you do about me, how many of you would vote for me if i ran for some sort of political office in a few years?  hmm?"
"anyone who's interested in the political awareness group we've started up at riverdale can join by going by mrs  beltran's portable, p-9, tomorrow   i'm pretty sure she can hold off on sending the sign-up sheet up to mr  <propmale> for a couple more days "
"ah, good 'ole subject 16    he repainted my room, you know   with his blood "
"why is <propfirst> vick on my \people i may know\""?"""
"there's apparently an anti-mosque rally tomorrow on the square opposing the mosque being built here in murfreesboro   anyone want to give me a ride so i can counter-protest?  we need to stop this shit   they went through the proper channels, let them build the fucking mosque!"
paid for by the fresh-ass comission for new booty 
"oh man, american government tomorrow   ready for another round of intellectual immaturity?"
anyone want to protest with me today on behalf of the new mosque here?  anyone have a car?
"all the members of the civic engagemant club, we have a meeting tomorrow at 3 in p-9   i don't know how many of you are on my friends list, since i didn't get to see the sign-up sheet   so yeah, be there or be    not     there "
"the only thing i ever really knew, was the extent of my own ignorance "
"\it's not how big your pencil is; it's how you write your name \"" -<propmale> mustaine"""
"i did my research, and i stand corrected in my opinion   i completely support the building of the mosque in nyc   there is absolutely nothing wrong with it "
"good <propmale> that i'm going to egypt next summer for three weeks, with <propfirst> and his grandfather if things go my way    "
i wish i had the bling to dress like biggie tomorrow 
"this, is most certainly, going to be a day for hustlin' "
"how common of a names is <propfirst> brown? what the hell, i'd love to be <propfirst> brown, i'd get royalty checks for being the singer, and paid to be in the nfl "
"i need a job, so i can get insurance (and preferrably a car)   i've got a bitch-itch that only <propmale>'s club can scratch   maybe a perdomo patriarch on the too-long drive there "
has anyone else seen the reference to viagra that <propfirst> in the box just made?
i'll be waking up to fifteen concubines tomorrow morning   god bless the arab world for willing bellydancers 
"hey, <propfemale>, its whatever   delete me, it shows you being wrong in your intolerance "
"i need to get off  i've contracted facebook poison   can't wait for this weekend, to earn a hundred fucking dollars ( the sad thing is, more that 70% of that is going to cigars )"
"my name's <propfirst>, and i like makin' love with the lights on "
"hey, facebookers, by a show of comments, how many of you are okay with the government going through our facebook, twitter, or myspace accounts like its their business?"
"i really love this country, you know why?  i just saw a commercial for a douche, condoms, and a vibrater, one after another "
"i really, really hate this   hate this   it ruins my day   i hate waking up in the morning, eating a good breakfast, then logging on facebook and having my news feed full of ignorant fucks who don't know how to spell shit right, or even use punctuation   it takes the piss out of my mornings "
"i've just discovered that i am a beast at painting houses   next, pressure-washing   wish me luck in not blowing my fingers off in a stream of water at 1,300 pounds of pressure "
"i don't like you, indianapolis   i just don't like you "
"early voting starts in two days, buuuut, i have no idea who to vote for   every single canidate, is anti-abortion, or anti-gay rights, or both   i can't vote in good conciousness for either of those!"
i found me a candidate for house of rep ! i finally found a pro-choice and pro-gay rights   one that even has a <propmale> of getting a victory! now i can actually vote and feel awesome about it!
"let me put it this way, world   if the vikings lose to the jets tonight,  i'll cut a baby in the face with a fucking key "
"suuuumbitch   last night pissed me off   i did, however, get back in my routine of night and morning meditations   i'm proud of myself, and i feel calmer than ever, despite the upsetting viking's loss "
did his civic duty today   proud to be an american 
"i went to the smyrna-lavergne game last night   i didn't even have to stay the whole game, it was 45 to 0 smyrna when i left   i swear, lavergne got real ghetto "
"always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may <propfemale> the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost -john <propmale> adams"
everyone's applying for college and shiz   i need to get on that 
football!!!
like this and i'll tell you what i'll let my trained russian war bear do to you 
i never pass up free lunch!   or a big-ass bitch 
"hey errbody!!! anyone who is interested, this thursday, the 21st, wear something grey to support the spirit of freedom in the country! the religious right is still trying to take away a woman's right to abort pregnancy   apathy will only help these people! stand up, and be counted on the side of choice!"
"got your grey ready? the constitution needs us  pro-choice is a right in the <propmale> of rights, and maybe it'd be a good thing if some of these pro-life advocates understood that document  also, i have an anti-discrimination day for islam on here too "
"supporters of <propfemale>! remember, wear grey tomorrow to show advocacy on behalf of choice!"
fuck jesus  that is all 
"fuck the following things and people; jesus, god, the tea party, right wing extremists, big government conservatives, uneducated christians, actually, religion in general, and people who think that their religion gives them moral superiority   by definition, i'd be morally superior to them for thinking that "
"christianity: the belief in a cosmic jewish zombie who is also his own father, who commands you to symbollically eat his flesh and profess your reverance to him, so he can banish an evil force from your soul that has been present in mankind since a rib-woman was told by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree 6,000 years ago, and to believe absolutely without question that these things are true "
's brother just told him he's going to burn in hell   that's gotta be something coming from a buddhist!
"assuming that was directed at me, i can say what i want to, becuase i am me and not you   the time has long since passed when your faith had control over what people say   your argument is not persuasive, becuase it is impossible to bash my religion   (stating a fact, not displaying arrogance )"
so that was directed at me   wonderful   try and understand what i'm saying about your faith before you come at me with this crap 
"okay, wether you attack me with comments, messages, wall posts, or the odd choice of a status update,  i'm tired of it   i'm not attacking any of you, and you are the ones drawing first blood   if you don't like what i have to say about religion, then don't read it   come at me with this again, and i take the gloves off "
your faith in not thinking is making me start to lose hope in humanity 
this storm should put an interesting twist on an apparently boring day 
"i feel like grand funk railroad-\we're an american band\"""""
smart move   you know this is to you 
"i sent an invitation to you all for my group   accept it if you're interested, if not, then don't, i suppose "
why does the religion of a candidate matter?  their faith is in no way a reflection of their morals 
"i don't care if you didn't even want to vote, it just means you can't complain for the next two years "
you are contractually obligated to get weird 
"i feel absolutely brilliant today   the weather is near perfect, cold gives my head a certain clarity   i feel that all my endeavors today will be successful "
"those who have pledged to participate in combating islamaphobia, remember to wear black tomorrow!"
"last night was fun, however bad the hypothermia i contracted is   hearing some of the conversations i did at smyrna's game, and the writing prompt in english have given my long-stalled anti-religious book a shot in the arm "
its cool that i can say the things i say and get away with it   just think if i were alive three hundred years ago   i'd be burned at the stake 
"its ironic that i have to take a break from writing this book, to go to church   very ironic, indeed   on a related note, the religions covered in my book will include as many as i can list, not just christianity, islam, judaism, hinduism, or buddhism "
"civic engagement members, or, at least the ones i have on facebook, we have pictures tomorrow, don't forget "
"good day, overall   didn't like what you had to say to me when i got on, but, other than that, an great start to the week "
"i love <propfemale> more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, i insist on the right to criticize her perpetually - <propfirst> a  baldwin"
\many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense  beliefs\,e897e6857631d90a878b5debffaa54cc,"how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb?\it doesn't matter! feminists can't change anything!"
"bam! that was my brain e playful loding   college is both confusing and terrifying   someone entertain me, i'm far too dead to do it myself "
i like what cthulu just did to <propfirst> bieber 
its an orgy   i want in 
"top six reasons why beer is better than jesus\\6  beer has never caused a <propmale> war  \5  nobody's ever been burned at the stake, hanged, or tortured to death over his brand of beer  \\4  you don't have to wait 2,000+ years for a second beer  \\3  there are laws saying that beer labels can't lie to you  \\2  you can prove you have a beer  \\1  if you have devoted your life to beer, there are groups to help you stop "
"top six reasons why beer is better than jesus6  beer has never caused a <propmale> war  5  nobody's ever been burned at the stake, hanged, or tortured to death over his brand of beer     4  you don't have to wait 2,000+ years for a second beer  3  there are laws saying that beer labels can't lie to you  2  you can prove you have a beer  1  if you have devoted your life to beer, there are groups to help you stop "
"\i don't need women   not when i have eggnog and porn \"""""
"\ feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature \""-phyllis schlafly"""
shopping around for a pistol   think i might buy my dad's makarov 380 off of him   
"someone just sent me an invitation for w o c 's infinity youth group   i think its funny that the <propfemale> lists their political views as the republican party   that means that if i were to report that to the i r s , world outreach church could lose their tax exemption   or the <propfemale> would have to be deleted or changed   oh, what to do     "
"goddamn, i can't wait to get my hands on this freaking makarov   "
i have four hours and twenty one minutes until i have to get up to work a retail store for black friday   bollocks 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudge   it hurts to walk 
"so i'm walking down the aisle at shoe carnival, and this amish guy taps my shoulder to ask me a question   i turn around and we just froze   it was like looking in a freaking mirror "
"so i'm walking down the aisle at shoe carnival, and this amish guy taps my shoulder to ask me a question  i turn around and we just froze  it was like looking in a freaking mirror"
"conscience, i say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my <propfemale> judged of another man's conscience?- 1 corinthians 10:29 (kjv)"
"rest in peace, <propfirst> fraser <propmale>   (november 23, 1943-november 21, 2010 )"
"rest in peace, <propfirst> fraser <propmale>, founder of the libertarian party u s a  (november 23, 1943-november 21, 2010 )"
its december?  crap! i forgot to wake greenday up!
"me and <propfirst> hale caused <propmale> sitnicoff to have a meltdown in 7th today   pure gold   my actions this week has earned me the title of lord father thug nasty, ph d of political science and supreme douche-bag for life "
pretty sure the titans caused me to vomit today 
"that was it, right there   that interception spells playoff denial for the titans "
"rule 13:  an excellent work ethic is a huge part of what makes a man, a man   we should all folow this to the letter "
"the nfl has just, not gone my way recently    at all "
my super bowl prediction: patriots v  falcons 
holy fuck   tech n9ne is the shit 
"thug nasty sees all, knows all, and will judge all   ( he also likes egg nog, football, and petty flattering, but its not likely to get you much of anywhere )"
thug nasty just drained the hell out of his bank account   hooray for christmas spirit   he also had a lively conversation with the cashier at hibbet's sporting good's store about predictions for tomorrow night's game 
"this time of year brings out an odd side of me, one i'm a bit too familiar with   i'm not too sure i like it "
"we've got everything, down to a science, so i guess we know everything "
"article 80: participants must shower before riding the tricycle, and definitely after "
everyone will look up to you  once you remove their legs 
damn! its loud as hell in seattle tonight!
"my picks are; seahawks and eagles for the nfc championships, cheifs and patriots for the afc "
"\blasphemy is a victimless crime \"""""
"i have finally attained the logical reasoning to destroy the debate of the existence of god, with a single question "
extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence 
"oh man, if i didn't hate ohio state so much, i'd feel bad "
seatbelts:  my tatoo's worst enemy 
"hey, eagles?  i'd like to see these cheese heads knocked out of the playoffs, you know?"
i don't regret the rape eagle   perhaps i should save up for another   ?
"i didn't really think much about this positive thinking campaign, but since half the people at riverdale are acting like bitches, maybe we do need it   seriously, shut the fuck up "
"is it just me, or are people around me trying to pick fights?"
"if you can read this, you are within range "
"okay, i seriously have to know why my 'friends' are turning on me   if anyone reading this has a problem with me, tell it to me, right now   message, comment, im, whatever, just tell me "
"actually  fuck that, and fuck you   its all good "
rutherford county is nearly surrounded with counties that are closed   don't jinx it 
i'm about tired of how girls think its quirky to self-diagnose themselves with bipolar disorder 
"\except it was no ordinary boy at all     it was mutha-fuckin' cthulu \"""""
"please disregard my last status, i hate flooding news feeds, but this has to be said   men who cry are pussies, first off   secondly, bitches who try their hardest to start shit where there is none, are thundercunts (usually, in my e playful erience, they have fucked up teeth ) and sluts who cheat on people with two other men, are pathetic ho bags, even if they don't put out "
"i find it amusing when people attack others through status updates   i've done it once, which is pretty out-of-character for me, but its still amusing "
bitches don't know 'bout my power level 
"this is probably the first time in all my memory, that every thing is going exactly the way i want it to   life is good, and seeing as i don't believe in <propfemale>, i can laugh at those i choose among the less fortunate "
"i grow tired of your continuous attempt to berate me   it won't work   you're far too immature and weak-minded to even dent my intellect   don't take this as egotistical, in contrast to you, that'd be an impossible feat   i don't believe this requires my attention any further, so please do not provoke any more retorts "
i don't want to start any blasphemous rumors     
"i'm jewish, so nice of you to notice "
"seeing as its not been in the news for quite some time now, i guess people have finally accepted the fact that an islamic center is being built   about time "
i kill you in the name of delicious!
"your pants      \\i   want   them "
"hey, how about you blame god?  he blew breath in my lungs   "
just became the first male in my family to be accepted into college 
"i don't want to start any blasphemous rumors, but i think that god's got a sick sense of humor, and when i die, i e playful ect to find him laughing "
"it seems like the less bacon a country has, the more riots they have   i'm looking at you, egypt "
"good lord   i watched one episode of glee, and i honestly think that never before, have so many clichéd characters and plot elements been lumped into a single show "
"think for yourselves, and allow others to enjoy the privilege to do so, too "
"if god doesn't like the way i live my life, let him tell me, not you "
"alright, just because your god is a bigoted asshole, it doesn't mean you have to be "
bite the pillow   i'm going in dry 
"\insert status update that is mildly offensive to a large demographic \"""""
have you ever tried ethiopian food?         neither have they 
that's a nice everything you have there   be a shame if something were to happen to it 
anyone have a place i can store some rohypnol for a bit?
"prom had better be the pinnacle of extravagance this year, considering the opulent  amount of money i'm investing in that night "
out?  again?  fuuuuuuuuuuu-
i think there is a screwdriver under my kneecap 
i  can't  move  my  left  leg 
i want to wake up to the 1812 overture every morning   specifically the field artillery 
the united states ranks 13th on the list of the world's nations with the most freedom   there are twelve countries with more freedom than the united states 
it pays to know what the hell you're talking about when you debate religion with me 
crocodile cock   deal with it 
"i'm up for a debate   attempt to prove to me why you believe god exists, and why i should likewise do so   messages, wall posts, comments, any way you prefer   just, try and convince me "
"come at me, bro "
"i'm going to hit you in your face, i'm going to punch you in your glasses, oh no "
"i have just enough christ in me to make me feel almost guilty   is that why god made us bleed, to make us see that we're humans being?"
prom suits are ridiculous   prom tickets are ridiculous   gas will be ridiculous by then   i need a ridiculous job with ridiculous pay 
i just fell off my roof   there wasn't any damage except     i forgot how to die 
"unknown was predictable   people who drive behind me will do the speed limit   i tried to freeze hot sauce, didn't work, oh, and i need $2,065 "
i can't say i missed looking at the world through misanthropy-colored lenses 
butter <propmale> 
goku>jesus 
cat! is! never coming!
opinions are like penises   everybody wants mine 
"only those with the freshest, most succulent livers will be saved "
frittata is not a verb 
"shhhhhiiiiiiit, megadeth is coming to atlanta on my birthday   i must make a pilgrimage "
deadliest warrior is doing a vampires vs  zombies themed episode    what the fucking-fuck?
my prom suit is diamonds 
"i'd make a good lawyer, teacher, therapist, lecturer, police officer, public official, and travel guide "
i need office space   and a big ass leather chair   that doesn't swivel 
"i could be a therapist   i wouldn't do it for the money, and certainly not because of empathy   i mean, its not like i even get a thank you from 99% of the people i help, but still, i seem to be quite good at it "
"statistics show that one in twenty of us live next door to a convicted pedophile   not me, though   i live next to an absolutely stunning 11 year old "
"i haven't heard this many people rant about the end of the world since eyjafjallajokull erupted   or, since the earthquake in haiti   or, since the last war between <propmale> and lebanon   or, since hurricane <propfemale>  or, since the christmas day tsunami of 2004   or, since 9 11   or, since y2k "
"50 japanese workers volunteered to go on a suicide mission to try to cool down the 6 reactors  radiation poisoning is a monstrous way to die  these men are the apex of courage, honor, & nobility  no matter what religion you are, we should hope and pray for a quick & painless death for these brave people and for a blessing on their families  it blows me away what devotion to their people they have "
"we should go ahead and take control of libya   like, actually take control, not like iraq, just, annex that shit "
thousands of women just went into labor and found out they were pregnant at the same time   the babies emerged morally outraged and sexually aroused 
"you like to act like you've got depth and personality, but you've proven that you lie just as much as the others   what value could you possibly have at this point?  you're a liability "
"i'm hanging up the therapy gig for a while   i'm not one to ask much of friends, but i'm tired of freely giving advice to said friends, and not even getting a thank-you back   so, unless you start to show gratitude, i don't give a shit about your 'failed relationship' or your 'daddy-issues'   nothing says i have to care anymore "
"my truck has an un-godly amount of gas in its tank   if anyone from the table wants to hangout, let me know, since i know where all of you live "
i would vote for <propfirst> trump 2012 without hesitation 
psht  fifty grand's worth? that's barely 'walking around' cocaine 
gimme that mossberg swerve 
"\don't trust your soul to no back-woods southern lawyer \"""""
"i have acquired four score and nineteen difficulties, but a wench cannot be counted among them "
