6bea4336d550425a045379e3aa5605eb
happy new year!  smile 
just accidentally uninstalled the d drive on her computer? does anybody know how to fix this?? dx
"hates undecorating the tree  on the bright side, my disk drive is fixed!  smile "
uhh    what is this ap u s  packet everyone keeps talking about? d:
finished her first ap <propmale> assignment  smile 
"really wants to see <propfirst>'s mannequin with the fray next wednesday, but doesn't think that's gonna happen   sad "
moral of the story? don't write for four hours without a break 
recital tomorrow!!!  smile 
"is all of a sudden very, very sad that this whole year (and recital) went by so fast  where'd the time go?"
"had a really weird dream last night, and now knows what happens when you mix supernatural and dance team "
"had a great day with <propfemale>, swimming and getting slushies from seven eleven! except for the part where i got bit by spiders  ><"
is about the only person who isn't going to see <propfirst>'s mannequin tonight  that makes me sad 
"wtf <propfirst> <propmale> died    just, wtf "
"really hates <propfirst> in her story right now, even though she's the one who made him be all mean   sad "
"is exhausted, sunburnt, and just maybe a little disappointed? good thing partying makes everything better   love "
"was woken up from her lovely dream by her neighbor firing up his chainsaw at nine in the morning, and now has to do hard work  on the plus side, at least it's nice out   smile "
still has the hercules music stuck in her head 
"is going to work on her landscape watercolor, finally "
curses writer's block and seriously misses her friends who decided to all be on vacation this week   sad 
has been staring at the same blank document for three days now and is about to go crazy 
just found out they put her in spanish 3 honors  fml
dinner at <propfemale>'s tonight then work tomorrow   smile 
is working tomorrow    happy fourth!  smile 
r i p  panic! at the disco (2004-2009) five good years of closing goddamn doors and reinventing love 
had a dream last night where her dad bought her a '68 boss mustang 
"i worry, i wonder all the time, why worry? it's killing me, forget about it "
survived her first day at the new job   smile 
"work tomorrow, then maybe <propfemale>'s grad party later?"
"will undoubtedly enjoy tomorrow, not having to work or anything!"
can't spell for her life today 
"is working tomorrow morning, then shopping in the afternoon with the girls   smile "
open up a little happiness today!
"there are but three things in this world that are certain: death, taxes, and commercials "
has a headache  sad 
"just got her ap us textbook after like a month of it being lost in the mail from when she ordered it, only to find it's the wrong edition  fml"
"is leaving for the beach tomorrow! then the academy is    on tuesday, and i get to see <propfemale> on friday!!  laugh "
"is really, really sunburnt   sad   but i had a great time at six flags with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!"
is pissed because she got kicked out of the one other room in this house with a tv  ><
"my sunburn now is itchy  but who cares, i get to see <propfemale> today!!  laugh "
had an awesome day on the beach with <propfemale>! except for the part where i got by foot pinched by a crab claw and my sunburn started peeling  but other than that it was awesome!
100 pages!!
was sad that she lost her disney necklace at the mini golf place    but found it again so it's all good!
is coming home from the beach tomorrow   sad 
is home at last!
just read some super creepy story and is now kind of freaked out  > >
"dance team camp, then work tomorrow  in the meantime, lots of writing  which means i should probably get off of facebook "
doesn't have to drive to <propfemale>'s tomorrow?
just spent the better part of the afternoon putting together a chair 
dance team sleepover tonight then new york for the weekend!  smile 
just got back from new york to be confronted with a ton of stuff to finish before school starts 
is lucky 13 
writer's block isn't actually a block  it's a fifty-foot brick wall with lights and  towers and rolls of barbed wire at the top 
"\carry on my wayward sonnn    there'll be peace when you are donnnneeeeee   \"" watching season 2 finale of the tudors!  laugh """
is working early tomorrow and friday  and on her birthday 
is seventeen   smile 
has had a pretty awesome birthday so far    thanks in part to all the dance pictures stuff <propmale> up on the walls and blue & black party decorations   smile 
snape! snape! severus snape!
hello plot twist 
one more chapter!
's ipod isn't working??
is finished   laugh 
it sounds like someone is banging tribal drums outside my house   
really kind of wants to throw something at the wall right now 
"\i'm gonna do tae kwon fu!\"""""
"shopping tomorrow, last day of summer!!  sad "
so apparently everyone hated their first day of school? this is not encouraging for me   
<propmale> year    here goes nothing!
got her facebook to work again finally 
babysat a two-year-old and now has the <propmale> tattoo on her hand to prove it   laugh 
finished the story finally! it's done  now on to my spanish composition   annoyed 
everyone's away for the weekend wtf
"i've become a simple souvenir of someone's kill  i'm like the sea, constantly changing from calm to ill "
dance tonight    here we go again   laugh 
supernatural season 5 tonight!!  smile 
"okay, so that was so intense is defies description "
working    as if anybody's gonna come into mcdonalds on a day like today  ><
dance team tomorrow    then some epic lulz later with onyi and elle?
"is exhausted from dance, but it went all right  except for getting lost on poorhouse road, and my pants' epic fail   laugh "
everything relates back to spongebob 
estoy enferma   sad 
"still has a little bit of a fever, a wicked headache and has to breathe through her mouth, and has dance tomorrow   annoyed "
had an awesome time with <propfemale>  smile  but is currently shivering from the coldness of the starbucks 
working today from 2-9 ><
"studying for ap u s  or, trying to anyway   annoyed "
ughh i want it to be tomorrow night already  so that my mind is on supernatural and the weekend instead of ap u s  and physics   annoyed 
today is finally over!
is finally home! what an adventure   smile 
needs to stop playing the office trivia and actually do homework 
why is all my homework in every single class due monday?
"is very, incredibly, extremely frustrated  and possibly grounding herself for the weekend "
"so i have dance rehearsals every friday night from now till november, i apparently can't go to homecoming unless i want to chill all alone the entire time, i've got so much homework to finish over the weekend and no time to do it in because of dance and work, i still have to ride the bus to school, and now they might be cancelling supernatural? it's official  i hate my life "
is done 
wants this weekend to just be over already    working 3-9  ><
has got stuff to do and yet is still on facebook     annoyed 
just watched the tudors and wants to know why anyone would ever marry <propmale> <propfirst> viii  being his wife is like being the drummer in spinal tap 
"i miss my <propfirst>  and by '<propfirst>,' i mean my keys, and by 'miss,' i mean left them in the <propmale> room at school   annoyed "
"so incredibly tired all of a sudden    but supernatural's on tonight and no school tomorrow! oh, and i finally got my keys back   smile "
i think that was the most intense baseball game i've watched in a long time  go yankees!  laugh 
"had an awesome time at frightland, the yankees won, and the angels beat the demons- i mean red sox  good weekend   love "
so i just watched the crack episode of bones  which is funny because i didn't even know bones made crack episodes  but they do  complete with mood whiplash 
ughhh psats tomorrow    but a half day and then subway for lunch!  smile 
"no, i do not want to join cafe world  i do not want to join mafia wars or yoville either  i already play farmville, and i think one complete time-wasting game is enough, thankyouverymuch "
was anyone else psychologically disturbed by <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> skipping down the street holding balloons?
i found my spider ring!  smile 
"work today    and it's still freezing cold out  what's more, i don't think it'll warm up anytime soon  ><"
"iron hill for <propmale>'s bday dinner, then dance later   smile "
"class ring ceremony tomorrow  oh, joy "
at the end of the day i can always be thankful that i now have a shiny class ring and not the swine flu   smile 
"it's not that i hate physics, it's just that i have no clue what any of it even means  this entire chapter was like greek to me  now, off to prepare for the first in a series of four tests this week! fml fml fml"
why do they always change facebook just as soon as i get used to the old one??
is listening to the distillers and wondering how one person can scream this much  my throat hurts just listening   laugh 
"wants to dress up as the swine flu on friday    if anyone has a white doctor's coat, just lemme know   smile "
"okay, so screw the swine flu thing  costume idea #34: a <propmale> and a pc from the commercials  you heard it here first "
today was pretty much the lol factory 
"learned three things this halloween: blackjack tacos from taco <propfemale> are the greatest tacos ever, don't ever question my brother when he orders mountain dew at nine in the morning, and think happy thoughts or <propfirst> will send you to the cornfield "
i miss mr  r already  and i don't even take latin 
needs serious help with the dbq essay for ap us  ><
finally finished the dbq!
"forgot how much she loves crack episodes, of any show for that matter    anyways, ap <propmale> trip tomorrow   smile "
thinks she has unleashed a monster 
don't you look at me in that tone of voice 
does anyone understand physics? because i need help   sad 
feels so stressed out right now   
"this is so weird    press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then scroll up and down  magic circles will appear! super cool but actually kind of annoying, so relaod the <propfemale> to get it to stop  now back to writing my essay "
finished the dbq!!  laugh 
should be in the running for best friend of the year award   laugh 
umm     why was that interview thing asking me questions about people i have never even heard of?
"had a fun night in west <propmale> with <propfirst>, decided she likes the hardy boys books, and, uh    channeling her inner <propfirst>?"
the doorbell just rang about sixteen times  and so it begins 
"got a bunch of new clothes today   smile  on the downside, i still haven't even started my homework  ><"
"just decided that not only does kahlan from 'legend of the seeker' look a bit like <propfirst>, <propfirst> kind of reminds me of <propfirst>  guess who just made my otp list?"
"ap us, probing rat intestines, and three and a half hour rehearsal? today was not my day "
will be at dance for like nine straight hours tomorrow  >< but then night of epic at onyi's!  smile 
"i'll be sailing on out into bermuda blue, compass needle breaks like the heart i gave to you    i've been laying down in the devil's lair, sailing into the sun i'll be baptized there "
imma fight till we see the sunlight 
"dear supernatural, please stop failing so epically  thank you  love, <propfemale> "
"whaddya mean, beethoven wasn't so great?"
rockband!!  smile 
just spent forever digitizing colorizing a cartoon sketch that has nothing whatsoever to do with anything    now i should probably start my homework 
"just discovered slow and fast motion on the dvd with onyi mmagu and <propfemale> wiggins, a k a  things that are only hilarious at 5 smile 0 in the morning, a k a  damnitsam  love "
wartortle
we are the knights who say    ni!
we are now the knights who say    ikki ikki ikki ptang!
has no heat at her house  ><
"white    as in, i'm dreaming of a white, uh    snow day tomorrow!!  smile "
's house is heated again! just in time for me to leave for snowboarding   smile 
has a four day weekend with no homework?? this is almost too good to be true 
"whoever predicted that <propfemale> was going to kill that creepy <propfemale> chick on legend of the seeker, i'm glad you were right   laugh "
ra ra ra ah ah <propfe<propfe<propfemale>le>le> ro <propfe<propfemale>le> <propfe<propfemale>le> gaga ooh la la and it will probably be stuck in my head for the rest of my life 
is watching the bible fanfiction show 
you got me ringin' hell's bells 
thunderstruck 
dude it's national lady gaga day
"\on tonight's all-new episode of bones - brennan and booth investigate remains that allegorize biblical text  catch it tonight at 8 7c!\"" great more bible fanfiction"""
got out of school early and it still hasn't even started snowing?? not that i'm complaining 
"everything i was supposed to do got cancelled, leaving me to have hot chocolate and homemade crepes, and watch bones  best snow day ever   smile "
"watched a whole ton of episodes of bones yesterday, and decided that agent booth is my new favorite tv person  sorry, <propfirst> and <propfirst>   laugh "
why do they feel the need to change the facebook layout as soon as i'm used to the old one?? there was nothing wrong with the way it was before 
"i got the power! after two hours of not having it  thanks a lot, peco energy people "
this is the best week ever 
does anybody know the chapters for the next ap u s  unit?
"wonders why she didn't download \the fame monster\"" before now  this album is awesome  love """
"it's snowing, again  but at least there's a supernatural marathon on tnt to keep me entertained   smile "
i hate school  i know it's been said but i really really seriously mean it 
it's official  i hate everything 
today was an adventure   smile 
knows she should probably have worked on her essay instead of watching supernatural but feels so much less stressed for some reason so it was probably worth it   smile 
is going to finish the application for the juniper writer's thing tomorrow if it kills her 
"feels pretty certain that by tomorrow the school admin is gonna call in the national guard, the pope, the president, the fire department, the powerpuff girls, the winchesters (i wish), and maybe even a swat team to have an emergency crisis intervention all because of one little fake facebook profile "
shake the quake  love  and hopefully charcoal pit after
"on the bright side, day one of the next three horrible days is finally over "
life is back to normal  although that's kind of a relative term   
new york tomorrow   love  it'll be fun 
"dear city of wilmington, you should probably start thinking about filling in the 23428q489 potholes along <propmale> street  kthanks  love, <propfemale> "
"such a lovely warm day, and i had to spend it working the drive-thru at mcdonald's  goodbye weekend and hello another endless, stress-filled week at school   sad "
"when metallica songs begin to accurately describe my life, that's when i know there's a problem "
is done perregrino's research paper
"if it weren't for the map i keep in the mustang, i'd probably be halfway to baltimore by now  but i got practically a whole new wardrobe for under ten bucks so the adventure was way worth it   smile "
"it's a stick, it's a tree    no, it's lamppost man!"
"\why haven't ah met <propfemale> fishin' buddy?\"""""
has my ac dc shirt and all is well with the world  (   except for the precalc test tomorrow  fml)
will be driving to dance today with the convertible top down  smile 
has a new baby cousin finnian!  smile 
driving home today = best one-person party in the history of the world   laugh 
"so other than the chapter on slavery, the chapter on the sixties is definitely the most depressing one in this whole 1000+ <propfemale> textbook "
"rehearsal now, <propfemale>'s later    for the first time in like a year   laugh "
"dear citizens' bank, i don't care if you have 135q374 branches in the tristate area  how about actually keeping them open when i need to go in and cash my check? sincerely, your very irritated customer "
"was writing an essay for mama bird when i tried to reference <propfirst> dean 1950s conformity type stuff  then i got really confused when i looked at it again and my essay read \tacos \"" thanks a lot <propfirst> koperna """
"everyone should go to evening of the arts tomorrow at ursuline, 5-8 smile 0 pm!"
revenge is a dish best served cold 
guhh <propmale> assignments  why
had just a little too much fun with my <propmale> assignment  i'm guessing there are going to be some interesting reactions when we share after break     wink 
taking my brother job-hunting    won't this be fun  laugh 
is pissed   sad 
is emotionally disturbed  and still pissed off   sad 
is admittedly kind of curious about what's on <propfemale> 187 
happy easter to everybody! got a new phone finally  smile 
has come to realize she has become a huge television junkie  ?
"onyi's first bacon cheeseburger at the diner    fun, fun times  laugh "
packing for <propfemale>!!!  laugh d
at roanoke chillin' at the library  smile 
back from <propfemale>    college is awesome  smile 
gahhh luncheon concert tomorow  smile 
"\on tonight's all-new family guy it’s the end of days in quahog  don't miss it at 9 8c \"" another tv show jumps on the apocalypse bandwagon """
"so apparently it's the 100th episode of supernatural this week? idk, after bones last week i've kinda lost my faith in 100th episodes  x_x"
"\because he's so big!\"""""
"had a near-death e playful erience thanks to onyi mmagu, but luckily survived and all is well with the world  but she still owes me a picspam as reparation for my trauma  playful "
car won't start    probably the alternator is dead  sad 
"homework, attempting the essay for mama bird, and then work later  this would be so much better if i had my car   sad "
car is fixed again  smile 
day 2 of hell week continues 
"done my timeline, can it be possible??"
"so uhhhh    project due tomorrow, still need by group to email me stuff, and email decides to not work at all  ><  on the bright side, day 3 of hell week is officially over  halfway there!"
"idk  hell week, day 4 out of 7 complete!"
will be taking the sats tomorrow along with the rest of the entire world    then dance and homework for practically the rest of the weekend   annoyed  
"dance team rocked it at immaculata, and on top of it the sats weren't even that bad (other than the fact that the classroom was about 87 degrees)  hell week day 6? not so much  haterblockers  love "
hell week? is over  love  now onto ap exams   
consider this my retirement from facebook until friday   
it's a trap! happy intergalactic <propfemale> wars status day   smile 
"is done ap u s  forever!!! this is gonna be the best weekend, seriously"
happy mothers day to <propfemale> <propfemale><propfemale>  love 
can't work or pay attention omg ugh
out of nowhere just got an insane urge to play robot unicorn attack 
supernatural  another reason why it's best to just go out while you're still on top 
so tired    if i wore contacts i'm pretty sure they'd be on fire right now  dance and work all day tomorrow ><
"\cupcakes and me? this is like <propfirst> with the demon blood all over again \"""""
is kinda getting used to this whole end-of-school thing 
clothesline <propmale> sale in the ua cafeteria tomorrow and friday! all proceeds will go towards new mats and frames for the <propmale> dep<propmale>ment  come support!  smile 
"clothesline <propmale> sale continues tomorrow, all day in the cafeteria  buy a painting for $1 minimum donation and support ua <propmale>s!"
dance team auditions tomorrow    my last one guh so sad
finally an awesome couple of weeks ahead of me  now if i only had some cash   
actually read a book today  it's good to know school hasn't completely destroyed my love of reading   smile 
just watched legend of the seeker    so epic omg
"\i only mess with the best \"""""
last day of classes and got my dress back from the tailor's   smile 
is in for a pretty hectic week or so  in a good way of course  cousins coming tomorrow  smile 
is officially a senior  and finally has a functioning computer  good day  smile 
does anyone from my <propfirst> class know how to unsubscribe to the saint of the day emails?
ummm super sunday today?    wishing i'd remembered to wash my car is all i'm saying 
congrats ursuline class of 2010  love 
"just watched the video for \alejandro \"" it was weird """
finally has money for the first time in two weeks! buying <propmale> supplies tomorrow and getting to work on my portfolio  smile 
dress rehearsal    get ready for a long night  dinner from wawa ftw 
dance recital tomorrow!! ahh!! as you can see i'm pretty wired   laugh dd
weirdest emotion ever? crying hopelessly but with a case of the giggles at the same time  dm i love you guys  love 
likes memphis beat so far after one episode  smile 
toy story 3 = best movie ever omg lol
"had a pretty awesome day hair-dyeing, bike riding and roasting marshmallows over a candle while the power was out with <propfemale> hess     now work tomorrow because apparently this huge power outage made them require like a bunch more people to work "
phillies game was fun  smile      even though the phils lost  sad 
hersheypark tomorrow with dance team  smile   but right now it's thunderstorming so hopefully the power doesn't go out    again   
pittsburgh for the weekend  smile 
is back and ready for another week of    work   annoyed 
is firmly convinced that spiders are the devil's own creatures crawled out of hell just to torment her  fml
"pulled into the garage at 10:57 pm  <propfemale> 1, curfew 0 "
packing for washington  let's hope i can find my way to my interview tomorrow without getting lost  sad 
back from dc and had a great time!! well except now my phone doesn't work thanks to running through a torrential thunderstorm    but it was still awesome!!
ordered a new battery  in the meantime will be using my archaic flip phone from two years ago   laugh 
apparently cannot draw the glove compartment  grr
"'s new phone battery finally arrived  hey, twenty-first century, it feels good to be back!"
"boredom has set in  like my status and i'll do the like, dislike, first impression, and confession thing for you "
"working 3 to 9    someone should come visit me, i'll be bored "
past 24 hours = 6 hours work + 4 hours sleep + 5 hours work + 3 1 2 hours dance team camp  smh
can barely walk  ughh saturday cannot come fast enough 
"\you boys like tongue?\"" the goonies = best movie ever lol  love """
so much to do  but for once that's a good thing  smile 
beach tomorrow  laugh 
"beach for two weeks    no internet access unfortunately  on the bright side, will hopefully not be so <propfemale> white when i come back   smile "
rollin to da griiiillllll
is home!  smile 
is legal  wut 
had a pretty awesome birthday! thanks for all the messages guys  smile 
so i was working out today and noticed a blue drop of sweat on my shoulder     wth am i sweating gatorade like in the commercial?
phillies game  smile 
tons to do tomorrow but chillin wit my girls tomorrow night!!  laugh dd
imma shape-shifter! shifter!
and so beings that last-ditch attempt at finishing all the summer homework  ><
"reading ap psych    i think the whole world just fell into place for me, oh my god "
"\may i interest you in some dessert? our special tonight is a slice of you just got pwned  it's served drizzled with warm shut the hell up and topped with fresh chopped please just stop trying already \"""""
"if anybody at ua needs the panorama book (spanish 3 honors), the ap composition skills workbook (ap english language), or the solutions guide for calc i with precalc (pre-calc honors), hit me up!"
and so begins that last day of sweet freedom   sad 
just made and packed the first peanut butter and <propfemale> sandwich of what is likely to be a very long semester 
one of those days where all i want to do is curl up and go back to sleep   
is rockin the short-shorts-and-fuzzy-boots look  i guess that makes me a hypocrite lol
went fishing  good day  love 
has the mother of all colds   sad 
bought dvds for the senior lounge! except apparently the dvd player in there doesn't work  somebody get on that 
"so seniors can now watch dvds on the playstation in the lounge thanks to me, onyi mmagu , <propfemale> scales , and matanda "
maybe if there were like an extra six hours in every day i wouldn't be so stressed  except then i'd probably get more work to make up for it 
"college essay = done  and i must say, this is a <propfemale> essay   smile "
forgot how much i love rainy days when i can just be lazy all the time    i didn't even change out of my pjs until like 3 smile 0 when i had to change for work 
"dance team, class, auditions tomorrow, then work for two days and maybe even -gasp- a few spare hours here and there to get my homework done! i hate this weekend "
i hate when i'm watching tv and i see a mcdonald's commercial 
hill like white elephants essay?
just had to kill a stink bug because my brother was too afraid to 
i know there are other fish in the sea but unfortunately i live in a <propfemale> puddle  blahblahsighangst
retail therapy  love 
"and so begins my pittsburgh college tour, at 5 a m  tomorrow  ><"
five-hour car ride = five-hour supernatural marathon   smile 
back finally    so tired i can't really think type coherently but whatever
"was just stuck in the biggest traffic jam of my life  it took me two hours to get home, wut"
the impala  it has returned 
there's just nothing left to not stress about any more 
so about this english project    do we really have to make everything into something else? can't we just let the river be a river?
i like it on the floor   laugh 
"\it's like the manly man of the yoga world \"" lol <propfemale> scales"""
jacking this from <propfirst> nolen     [poke]me if you ever had a crush on me       [like] this status if youthink im a good friend      [message] me me if you ever wanted to date me     [comment] if we ever had any good memories together  now lets see whos brave enough to copy this into their status
happy 21st birthday to my cousin big sister <propfemale> manzie !!! have a great day girl! make good choices lol
never go apple picking at highland orchards and attempt to drive out to the orchard yourself  just saying  <propfemale> equality hess
frightland tonight with my girlss  smile 
has a homecoming dress  smile 
homecoming    to bring a date or not to bring a date  that is the question 
"jacked this from monconjay brown    facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
starting to think my life has flipped a one-eighty in the past two weeks  this is so not a bad thing  smile 
toilet paper fashion show = my bedroom has been turned into project runway
"has got it bad, life is unfair, blahblahsighangst etc "
used my leftover tissue paper from the fashion show to wrap my brother's birthday present    now that is recycling 
"the green-eyed monster hath reareth its ugly head    i mean, i guess i could just say i'm jealous, but i think talking like a shakespeare wannabe makes me sound smarter "
got my first college acceptance!!! at roanoke  laugh 
"so i was looking up a word in my spanish-english dictionary when i saw an entry for \ac dc \"" i got really excited to write about this awesome band for my <propfemale> sentences until i realized the dictionary wasn't talking about them at all """
"good night, good night, parting is such sweet sorrow! that we say goodnight till it be morrow! (or something like that)"
"is listening to city and colour, and suddenly    i am calm   smile "
"i, for one, dream of an <propfemale> where everybody knows that the bird is the word "
i wish i had suspenders 
seniors  love  where all my nerds at?
"tired, legs hurting  my ankles have a pulse   sad "
"just went through the freaking war to find a black witch's hat, only to come home and find my mom left one on my bed  now i'm out $13, would anyone like to buy a witch's hat? lol my life"
"\do you live in this neighborhood?\""\",6bea4336d550425a045379e3aa5605eb,i wish i could just tell the truth 
"ua seniors & juniors    does anyone have a powercord they aren't using don't need, from a <propfemale> 620 or whatever laptop we got freshman year, that they'd be willing to sell?"
i wish i could just tell the truth 
<propmale> trip to dc  won't i be missed tomorrow   laugh 
will decidedly not have a free second this weekend    so i hope someone's ready to wake me up on tuesday when i inevitably fall asleep during every class 
"\i love these ionic columns; they're so big and pretty  like <propmale> padalecki \"" lol onyi mmagu <propfemale> brown"""
leaving for <propfemale>! i should probably get off facebook and start packing   
"car ride from <propfemale> was wayy longer than it needed to be    who's ready for school tomorrow? not <propfemale>, that's for sure "
<propfirst> romano  <propfemale> temme <propfemale> scales onyi mmagu <propfemale> hapner
has had the michigan j  frog song stuck in my head for the past 24 hours    what is my life coming to?  laugh 
"just killed the biggest freaking spider ever ugh and now off to vacuum my entire bedroom, then take a shower and possibly burn my clothes   "
"thinks we should have impromptu dance parties in the lounge  when everyone is in a terrible mood, just turn on the music and dance for a song, yes? great stress reliever   smile "
is salty cause i can't go to the sallies game  or pretty much anywhere at all this weekend  i may as well be grounded ><
crushes make you stupid  just a general observation   smile 
is finally back from feeding the masses   annoyed 
what the actual i don't even    my mind feels like a tv that's been channel surfing for the last 48 hours and i can't find the remote   
let's do the questions thing  wanna know something? message me  nothing is off limits =p
wants to move to italy and meet a hot italian poet thanks to lit class today   love 
"and i said go, if you're wondering if i want you to, i want you to  so make a move, cause i ain't got all night ?"
"<propmale> i drove after school today: approx  38\hours it took me to get home: nearly 2\times i had to turn around because i was going the wrong way: 3\times my car either spun the tires or hydroplaned in the rain: 6\cursewords i yelled as loud as i possibly could: somewhere upward of 500\hugs it will take tomorrow to make me forget the trauma i have suffered: a lot\ <propfemale> scales"
is re-evaluation my perspectives on life thanks to today   
will unfortunately have to attend tonight's volleyball game in spirit  maybe i'll make everyone in my jazz class do a dance for the volleyball team? haha whatever go uavb  love 
"has been riding an emotional roller coaster for the past 48 hours, and is suddenly exhausted   "
"so apparently i need a new yearbook quote because i'm \not allowed to reference hell \"" ahaha whatever mr  cav"""
"not exactly at the top of my game right now    need some love, or a hug, or ice cream or something   annoyed "
working till 10  someone please text me and save me from this boredom 
is so not lovin' it 
umm needs to find a poem and memorize it by tomorrow? yeah
"i wish, i wish "
what started out as a bad thanksgiving break just got like ten times worse  >< smh
is saltier than a salt factory  saltier than salt lake city  saltier than the dead sea 
"so according to facebook, it's snowing back home? all i know is it's raining in upstate new york  whatever, happy thanksgiving everyone  smile "
spent most of today watching spongebob in a pilow fort i made with my 6-year-old cousin  good day  smile 
is finally home!  laugh 
"sundays are spread out far enough so that i always forget how much i dislike them  so bored, somebody text me or something, please  we'll discuss like the meaning of life or something "
is a survivor of work! they even let me go home early  smile 
why am i sick??  sad 
picked the perfect time to get sick    just in time for kairos   sad   i need like another cup of tea or a bowl of soup or a hug or something 
"will be striving to live the fourth  love  especially this weekend, working through sat iis, dance christmas performance, work on sunday, and a big pile of homework "
"is listening to the arabian dance from the nutcracker    nice show today, girls!  love "
fiction story due tomorrow and i haven't even started  feelin the time crunch here omg
"dear centenary college,\i will not be appplying to you  stop sending me emails \sincerely, julia \p s  you, too, <propmale> college switzerland "
you must be blind if you can't see you'll miss me till the day you die  smile 
my attention is hard to get and even harder to hold  you've done both; congratulations 
the mustang is back  love  i feel like <propfirst> when he fixed the impala
"so pull me under your weather patters, the cold fronts and the rain don't matter  love "
"spread the love, lived the fourth, and skipped school  good day  smile "
"i really wish i could learn to take my own advice, smh"
"i just pulled my clean hoodie out of the wash, and it still smells like mcdonald's  what is my life coming to "
"will not be working, or at rehearsal this friday  freeeeedommmmm  laugh "
got into duquesne!  smile 
"look on the bright side: if it gets any colder, hell will freeze over and then all my dreams will be able to come true "
the lovely people of facebook inform me that tomorrow is national hug a dancer day  a k a  my kind of holiday  love 
can someone send me an epiphany comment? i need an epiphany right now   annoyed 
so confused right now  i vote we call a meeting of the i hate my life club to order  all in favor?
what the actual is going on here 
it only took me three and a half hours to get home  i think i win the longest time award 
"is finally home from school for break, after one very rollercoaster-like week  tired and ready for christmas  and of course shopping with <propfemale> equality hess !  laugh "
is incredibly sore    never again will i sleep for four hours on a rock-hard marley floor  ugh
"and you never write me letters, and you never send me sweaters so i could stay warm when i was without you    without you i don't sleep, just dream  love "
"i'm goin down, down, down down  smile "
missing my kairos buds  smile  hope everybody is living the fourth over break!  love 
"sorry, girls, i think i might have to resign from the i hate my life club  time to find a new secretary   smile "
best way to spend christmas <propfemale>? making cookies with <propfemale> equality hess     if she would ever get here  lol  <propfemale> christmas everybody!!  love 
"<propfemale> christmas everybody! joyeux <propfirst>, feliz navidad    happy hannukkah, new year, winter solstice or maybe just happy saturday!  smile "
two concentration pieces for ap <propmale>? huhh not happening i am sorry 
"after a whole day, my driveway still is not plowed  at this rate i will have to get up at the crack of <propfemale> tomorrow to shovel it just so i can go to work  tomorrow better be friggin worth it   laugh "
"happy birthday to two of my awesome, adorable small cousins, jacey and maxime  smile "
i feel like all i do is disappoint people 
hibachi with alllllllll my old friends  love  haha
one more day  just one more to survive and then everything will be <propfemale>   smile 
so  about how we have to go to school tomorrow   
"call up the locksmith, tell him we need him quick, we got a million keys none of them seem to fit "
got into jmu! at least one good thing happened today  smile 
so  much  hate 
"i hate to ruin everyone's night, but the grades for the ap stat test are posted  my god this has just been the roughest week   annoyed "
"i woke up this morning and my mom wouldn't let me drive to school cause of the snow  sleep, oh my love how i have missed you  love "
snowboarding!! be back sunday  smile 
"someone tell me why the cabin i stayed in this weekend, which was located in the middle of nowhere as far as i'm aware, was warmer than my actual house "
they'll never take me alive 
"just when i couldn't get any more confused about my life, my school can't even decide whether we're having a snow day  nobody can make up their mind anymore, it seems "
"i'm tired of trying, your teasing ain't enough, fed up of biding your time when i don't get nothing back ?"
"stop the rain from falling, keep my ocean calm, this time i know nothing's wrong  smile "
"the only bad part about getting off work early is i planned nothing to fill the extra hour  i'm bored, text me if you feel like it "
being random at <propfemale> equality hess 's house   smile 
"just when i am about to go insane in this house, to the point where i am actually looking forward to school tomorrow    it starts to snow  fml"
"everything i do, i just set myself up for disappointment "
"the lioness has rejoined her cub, and all is right in the jungle   smile "
"dear psychology homework, i win this round  you have been a worthy opponent  sincerely, <propfemale> "
"i just realized i have an article for the newspaper due on thursday, and i have no idea what to write about  anybody have ideas?"
"and so the <propfemale> mcguire song is stuck in my head, again  this thing for the talent show better be freaking awesome because right now it's driving me crazy "
"i'm gettin tired of you settin me up yeah, set me up just to knock-a knock-a knock-a me down, down down down"
"not that i don't love snow days (a k a  sleeping), but i am about to go crazy inside this house  even dance got cancelled  sad "
practice for the talent show before school tomorrow? <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> kennedy <propfemale> kaminski <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> penza lis j  yae <propfirst> <propmale>
is it seriously snowing outside again
shopping for a prom dress tomorrow? gettin a head start not like last year haha
i am a banan <propfemale> equality hess
"without you i don't have a place that's safe from all the monsters that hide in my head, and sing me to sleep"
"like this for truth is! (truth is, i'm so bored i have resorted to posting this on my status )"
great job everyone in the skits talent show! especially seniors    i  love  you all!  smile )
so about how i'm working during the super bowl? yeah this is going to be the slowest most boring shift in history  somebody text me or something   annoyed 
<propfirst>'s day happens infrequently enough that each time it comes around i've forgotten how much i hate it 
"go on and take it, take it all with you, don't look back at this crumbling fool, just take it all with my love  love "
i just gave myself the biggest most dramatic pep talk ever    like the american flag should have been waving behind me while the star-spangled banner played in the background  now to see if my advice to myself actually works  annoyed 
"for the jeans day tomorrow, do we bring in money or donate stuff?"
is so completely evacuating the lounge tomorrow  ><
maybe my whole problem is that i need to get my priorities rearranged   annoyed 
had a heart-to-heart girl chat with <propfemale> deramo and gabby smith  thanks guys  love 
"rejoice and love yourself today, cause baby you were born this way  love "
"<propmale>, florida till monday! so yeah, everybody else enjoy the cold weather   smile "
"what is this, snow? i should have never left florida   "
"score for this round: <propfemale> 1, homework 0  \this should bring the total score to something like: <propfemale> 1, homework 238,721 "
my computer is literally falling apart  again 
i don't get nearly enough spontaneous hugs in my day-to-day life  people need to change that   playful 
"eating disorders are not lifestyle choices  they are serious illnesses that affect females & males of all ages & ethnicity  eds have the highest mortality rate of any mental illness yet only 1 in 10 people receive treatment  in recognition of national eating disorder awareness week (feb 20-26), please re-post to help spread support & compassion for those who continue to suffer in silence "
"when i die, i should become a saint for not punching certain individuals in the face during work today  ><"
awesome girls' day out with <propfemale> <propfemale> hess    including blowing literally $80 on clothes  love 
working 2-8  everybody come to mcdonald's  we'll have a party 
you know what tomorrow will be? boring as all hell  someone should hit me up  we'll go do something random!
at the risk of being called a total loser who can't find her way around the <propfemale> state of delaware    who can give me directions to the <propmale> for the game tomorrow?  laugh 
tomorrow is hug a short person day love   i will be e playful ecting lots of hugs  smile 
"today marks an important day in the history of ursuline academy  i, <propfemale> bucceri, will actually be attending a sporting event  (and i'm skipping dance for this, so you girls better win!  laugh  )  love  uabb"
"had an awesome night, now if i could just keep my eyes open for the next six hours at work, that would be great "
let the week from hell begin starting    now  ><
boston market om nom nom  love 
like this status if you like cuddles and really want some right now  smile 
i'm italian but you should kiss me anyway  smile 
"free <propfemale>'s with <propfemale> <propfemale> hess, then work later  somebody make the long shift shorter and text me  smile "
today was so slow that mcdonalds basically paid me to do nothing  literally i took paper out of the reciept machine and made fortunte tellers 
so apparently my car wouldn't start this weekend because a mouse made a nest in the intake manifold? what is my life even
"so, yeah  about this english essay due tomorrow  help "
"may not be everybody's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm great at being me  i may not be proud of some things in my past, but i am proud of who i am today  so, take me as i am, or watch me as i walk away  post if you're proud of being you "
"little known fact about me: when i'm sleep deprived, i get really upset over things that normally wouldn't bother me  like i cry at the drop of a hat, swear to god  been this way ever since i was a little kid  and now, once again, my brain is telling me in its own way to get some sleep  goodnight all "
had a great time at evening of the arts! congrats to all the artists and musicians who worked so hard for this! everyone did a fantastic job  smile 
brb choosing a college
sleeping in + supernatural + moe's for lunch = good day  love 
someone e playful lain to me why it's only 9 smile 0 and i'm about to crawl into bed   
"raining outside = cuddling up with a blanket and a movie \raining outside  annoyed = going to dress rehearsal"
spring luncheon concert tomorrow!! ahh last one ever  surprise 
great spring concert  smile  gettt ittt dm! i love you girls  love 
operation concrete jungle will commence in 0800 hours  be there   smile 
"to all the teachers who are mad at us: just remember, our first plan was to put a cow on the roof   smile "
so  about how i need white shoes for graduation  i can tell already this will be a pain 
some people need to learn that just because you're beautiful doesn't mean you're allowed to treat other people like they don't matter  smh
<propmale> county dance festival tomorrow  smile 
"so yeah, about how today has been the most physically and emotionally strenuous day of my life    (\i am about to lose control!!\"") but at least i'm calm now and you can come within arm's reach of me without fear of getting decked  i promise """
