41316aa4d1a7d0776a46c07694786d6d
its very very lonely when my husband is preoccupied with other things    sad 
i just learned the coolest new facebook code! you have to check it out    hold down ctrl then press w   you'll love it 
is really wanting to tell everyone that i love my husband!  there is no other man like him   he is the best best best best best best man ever!  i should really bow down to his feet    lmao i just hijacked your account honey   thanks for all the good thing
>>>i'm hijacking my status back    i just learned the coolest new facebook code! you have to check it out    hold down ctrl then press w   you'll love it 
just wondering about the person who first discovered you could milk a cow  what did they originally think they were doing to the cow??
i was just wondering how important does someone have to be before  they're considered assassinated instead of just murdered?
is at home with the family    
"wants everyone to know that she never checks this and i her husband checks it for her   so if u write her and she doesnt reply, shes not ignoring you she just never checks it    "
so so sorry fore being out of touch for so long! i am going to try to het some new pics up tonight and tomorrow   hope ypu are all well! xo
desperately needing a massage on a tropical island with 4-5 of my best friends and a dozen or so half naked cabana boys to wait on us!  love 
it would be easier to convince a toddler that you mean business if their side of the conversation did not make you laugh   
hey everyone please go vote for my husband for americas most wanted all stars heros        go to      http annoyed  www amw com allstar 2010   vote 1 time a day every day    please!!!!!!!! go vote!!!!!!!
remember vote vote vote    every day at amw com (lancen shipman)
dont forget to vote vote vote for my hubby    amw com allstars  lancen shipman      
vote vote vote!!!!! todays is lancen last day for this week of voting    hes on the 1st <propfemale> today!  amw com   go vote please!!!!!
"i didn't invent sin, i'm just trying to perfect it "
   you are what you eat? well   you must have been eating a lot of hot dogs lately because you look like one massive <propmale> to me!
"i was talkin to <propfemale> earlier   and she \said;\shhh   the rabbit has the key to the medicine cabinet \""        can\",41316aa4d1a7d0776a46c07694786d6d,"there was an old woman from <propfemale>, on board a luxury liner, she slipped on the deck, twisted her neck and now she can lick her vagina!!!"
64% of men say they wouldn't notice if a women changed her hair  i should e playful lain to those men that a women's hair is part of the blur above where her tits are 
has supercalifragilisticmassivpairofknockers    smile 
lmfao at family guy   carlos spicy weiner and nerf-herder are my new favorite words     oh my gawsh this crap is funny!
wishes that someone would run power to my light at the end of the tunnel instead of using a candle   it keeps getting blown out
"was talkin to <propfemale> earlier   and she said;\shhh   the rabbit has the key to the medicine cabinet \""        can you help me find him before she does?"""
"remember the past, prepare for the future, but always live for the moment "
it would be easier to convince a toddler that you mean business if their side of the conversation did not make you laugh   
at one point in your life you will realize that everything is exactly the way it was supposed to be
~don't let the darkness of the past cover the brightness of the future ~
worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have  ~ now if i read this a million times a day it might sink in lol
"believes that \too stupid to live\"" should be a valid jury verdict """
as with bacon   never fry chicken when naked!
"whoever said \the freaks come out at night\"" has obviously never seen walmart during the day """
had an awesome day in the sun   ate too much and took a nap   but im still not above munching on totsidos and salsa!  smile 
be yourself  no one can ever tell you you're doing it wrong
there will come a time when you believe everything is finished      that will be the beginning  
if you rape a hooker   is it considered rape or shop lifting?
sometimes you just need a hug   
"if she's amazing, she won't be easy  if she's easy, she won't be amazing  if she's worth it, you won't give up  if you give up, you're not worthy "
mornings would be better if they happened in the afternoon! *yawn*
"fact of life   after monday & tuesday, even the calendar says w t f !! sorry its just one of those days!  confidential "
when you think your life is crap just think of an egg: you only get laid once the only chick that sits on your face is you mom     so cheer up its not that bad!
"i have come to the conclusion that if idiots grew on trees, we'd have an enchanted <propmale>!"
smile    it suppresses the gag reflex 
damn this stupid rain!!!!! soooooooooo bored!
"\ever seen someones head e playful lode at a 100 yards through a sniper scope? no? well here hold this tape measure  i'll be sending you something shortly \"""""
time for a grown-up night! bring on the wine!
here's how you end the twilight saga in one scene  <propfemale> and <propfirst> smoke a blunt together  <propfirst> gets the munchies  no more <propfemale>  the end 
first day of school   fun fun fun
this is a stupidity free zone-move along as quickly and quietly as possible 
first day off from school   i think i'll head out to the barn!!! i need some horsey time!
stupid flu! can i please get a day out of bed   
made it to school just in time for a & p   i couldve used this lecture to help me sleep last night!
about to get waxed   yikes!!!
"the greatness of a nation can be determined by its treatment of animals ~ghandi\i saw a dog tied to a tree by a 6-7 ft leash   no water in sight wtf is wrong with people?"
"true love-tha one person who says u look beter with out makeup, loves the way ur hair looks when u first get outta bed, and says i love you baby while you fight"
on my way to mississippi   have to dropof logan  i feel the tears comin on  sad 
"my stupid phone broke    blah   i should get my new one delivere tomorrow,,"
finally got the new phone today    yay!
damnit!!!!! i lost all my contacts when i switched over phones   u guys please please send me you numbers   just send it in a fb message   this sux   i lost all my pics too!
"is off to dreamworld, where anyone i want will sweep me off my feet and everything is perfect  if anyone bothers me, imma go ninja on em'  nitey nite pplz   | smile "
i'm going to turn the music on really loud and hopefully drown out the rest of the world  it's gonna be one of those days 
gotta go make up sum school hrs   but o so looking forward to lunch  wink 
im soooooo sick with the stomach flu   i need a personal nurse  wink 
day two of stomach flu hell   cant believe i still have no volunteers to be my nurse  sad 
oh way a difference a day makes
sooo excited for the 12th!!!  wink 
finally feeln better and goin to skool! life is beautiful!
i woke up today and see that the earth made it around the sun yet again    hmmm guess the world doesn't actually revolve around people
someone said don't let the worries of tomorrow get in the way of your happiness today   so i'm taking <propfirst> to the beach     smile 
another beautiful morning   off to school!
why does it take a tragedy to remind us how precious life is? kiss your loved ones and never forget how beautiful life is! i love you!
out having some adult time   wonderful dinner at the boatyard now drinks at harpoons until a movie at the grand   man im lovin life!
looks like a relaxing night in   dinner a movie and wine   mmmmm  smile 
gearing up for a beautiful sunday   lets see what the day has in store  smile 
can it be more boring sitting at home   someone come rescue me please   lol
nothin like eating alone   gotta luv mississippi   
missing florida already i should be laying on the beach on such a beautiful day!
im taking payton to her first dance   shes getting so big! this boy better mind his manners!
hope everyone has a fun and safe friday night!! xoxo
finally about to go to sleep
on my way to ride horses on a gorgeous sunday morning! life is good!
just so happy to be at home with my baby girl   
toda is a busy day i hope i have time to go to the pool!
movie night!
having a blue day   in need of a hug   i guess we all feel that way from time to time 
i found a stray <propfemale>! does anyone want her?!
heartbroken  sad 
off to another day at school hope today is a better one!
spoke too soon   
when will i ever recover from the mistakes i once made   whoever said to live for the future never had to constantly relive the past
"i can't take away the storms of life, but i can damn sure dance through the puddles "
"i can't take away the storms of life, but i can damn sure dance through the puddles "
about to ride my hprses mucho needed stress relief!
"\ today was yesterday's battle; tomorrow is today's dream \"""""
you can't change how people treat you or what they say about you   all you can do is change how you react to it 
sometimes a smile and silence can be the best life tools to use  a smile will help to solve your problems and being silent will help you to avoid problems
ok   enough facebooking   im about to get ready for dinner at peppers with the girls   fun fun fun!
when things don't go right    go left!   hmmmmmm what to do today   
riding my horse for sum stress relief    life can really grab u by the ass sometimes  sad 
thinks somethings are best just left as being thoughts and dreams and not told to anyone
gearing up for the big 3-0 this weekend      blahhhhh im getting old  sad 
what a beautiful life   
i had a wonderful birthday weekend   still cant believe im 30    wow   now its time to get back to the grind for school tomorrow!
sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand  love 
"i don't want the kind of love i can live with, i want the kind of love i can't live without !"
off to school   what a gorgeous day!
"you can never go back and make a new beginning  but you can always move forward and make a new ending\   goodnight xo"
every day you are choosing either to be grateful or to be disappointed   today im going with the latter
omg the circus is such a rip off! how can i get in on this money trap?!
its waaay to pretty out to be stuck working!  sad 
im so excited   lots of halloween stuff planned!the fun starts tomorrowand wont stop til late sunday night! i cant wait to see everyones costumes!
on our way to an awesome night of halloween parties and lots of fun! everyone be careful tonight! xoxo
happy halloween!
had so much fun trick-or-treating with <propfirst>! im trying to wind down from all that <propfemale> and excitement!
i'm a firecracker in a world full of sparklers!
welcome to the world where being yourself just isn't good enough 
dear life   i want a refund   
physically in school   mentally far far away
o how i long for summer already!
56 degrees   really?!
hurt me with the truth but never confront me with a lie!
"the one person in the world i would go to if i was sad, is the one who's making me cry "
thank god for friends like u       smile  i luv u <propfirst>!
what an awesome day! itll take forever to wipe this smile off my face  laugh 
what-ever is a woman's way of saying f-you  smile 
"mr sandman, there seems to be a problem  either you gotta start sharing your valium, or stop holdin out on the sleepy dust "
dear sandman    f@*k you!
floating on cloud nine inthe best place ever   gregs arms 
trying again for some sleep
"silence is often misinterpreted, but never misquoted  we should all learn just to be quiet at times "
why can't people just let us be happy? please god give me some light in all this darkness!
"forecast for the weekend    mild alcoholism, with a 100% <propmale> of a great saturday night and way too much drinking  increasing <propmale> of a hangover on sunday x"
looooooong day at work   blah    double shift
there are always 2 sides to every story   a smart person  listens to both and chooses neither 
looong night at work   now i cant sleep! 7 am is gonna come very early for school tomorrow    sad 
   shh ! i'm naked   under my clothes   wink 
ufc fight night at hooters! fight starts at 9   u guys come c me!
important rule of life: never do anything you can't e playful lain to the paramedics!
cheekiness is a talent  naughtiness is an <propmale>  guess that makes me <propmale>istically talented 
blah hard time sleeping again?!
this one's for the girls   who've ever had a broken heart  who've wished upon a shooting <propfemale>  you're beautiful the way you are   this one's for the girls!
how many people can say they wore a tank top and sandals on thanksgiving? god bless florida!
"fear=false evidence appearing real!!! fear is what you make it, and only\ as powerful as you believe it to be! have no fear of moving into the \unknown!"
d i e t  ~ did i eat that?   unfortunately yes i did   every bit of it too
"when life hands you lemons, just be glad it wasn't herpes "
just got off work and enjoying a nice cold beer   life is good
i just checked the obituaries and the forbes list and didn't find my name on either one  guess i'll get ready for work   sad 
"i didn't invent sin, i'm just trying to perfect it "
is poking the facebook version of a quickie?
      is pretty sure she knows folks who stood in line for second helpings of 'special kind of stupid' 
blah   i am so miserable today fighting a cold! hopefully this one wont last very long 
sucking up this crappy feeling to go to work!
"ever wonder if your guardian angel has gone out for a smoke? well, i wonder what mines smoking and if they're not coming back can i at least join the party?!"
lesson for the day    don't be a douche 
still fighting this nasty cold   thinking of drowning the virus in crown  wink 
taking <propfirst> to see despicable me tonight at the mall 
just finished despicable me   sooo cute! i need sum lil minions!
ok this cold is kickin my ass im ready to throw in the towel and go to the dr  sad 
keepin busy at work   
finally off of work   relaxin at home with the girls  smile 
"is thinking of doing something to someone involving a blind fold, a feather boa, ice, a hot candle and an assortment of fruit     don't judge me    "
"you know its wrong and you shouldn't do it, but its fun and makes you smile!! i hope everyone has a great day!!! xoxo"
about to take payton out to pier park to buy some clothes   i think we're skipping the christmas parade this year 
why is everyone changing thir profile pics to cartoons? did i miss a memo?
"finally went to the dr for this cold   apparently its bronchitis  doc says i should be feelin better in a couple days   i sure hope so after breathing treatments, a shot, z pak, steroids, cough medicine and an inhaler! overkill much?! lol"
whats with the number   i dont effin get it
"#905   what can i say   you're the best friend a girl can have   penis and all   thanx for always being there for me whether im laughing, crying, screaming or a combo of all three   sorry i missed mia   maybe we'll make it to indy! thank god for <propfemale> ku and when is our next date night?! love u bubby! xoxo"
#651   cutie patootey    dance off your booty   love you girlie! xoxo
#1206   wow fun times   spinn and lavela vip (always) craaaazzzy ex's (no names) and current relationships   coincedence much?! we need to go out soon! call me fool! xoxo
#000   where the f#@% do i know you from   j k and im still waiting on that night out   as long as you can pick me off the floor   lol   or at least help <propmale> <propfemale> me out of where ever we go! xo muah!
#399   still trying to figure this one out   hmmmm no pics on your fb   help me out girly!!!! xoxo
#52 youre my hero & an inspiration to everyone  you touch our lives in ways that youll nvr know  you're a cool ass chick & ill nvr forget our special night  ;p shot after shot until i blacked out  still apologizng for that one! thax for not spillin the beanz about the very manly looking girl i was  in your words  grinding on  lmao  i luv u girl & all the <propmale> n cheese casserole in the world cant show you how much!xo
#1472 wow where do i begin   i am so glad i met you! it really says a lot about the kind of chick you are to give me the <propmale> to be your friend even after i made a total ass out of myself the first time we met! lol   gotta love that hunch punch   so i recommend a total girls night out and a d surprise ver where we can cut up and have a good time   luv u chica xo
the <propfirst> r on hold for a minute   ill get u all just steppin out for a few! xo
#765438 thanks for always being such a great friend   thought many <propmale> seperate us u will always be in my heart xo
#1625 you are such a sweetheart and a wonderful mother! you inspire us all to be more patient and loving with our own kids   you are a beautiful person inside and out and im glad that we are friends!  love 
"#5027   wow i hear from you after 10 years then you disappear on me again! lol hows life treatin ya? im so glad we're friends but im still waiting on that boat ride out to the island   since its freezin ass cold i guess ill, have to wait til spring! u better kit   luv u xoxo"
"#00 so, im not really sure what to put here   hopefully you'll keep in touch so we can get to know each other more   you seem like a totally cool person  xoxo"
"i love dreams   the people you love are there, the people you hate fall off cliffs and the people you miss are right next to you! now im off to try and enjoy some of those dreams! love you all! xoxo"
  has absolutely no intention of behaving herself  so she's not even going to pretend to  wink 
being good sucks  sucking is good  being good at sucking   priceless
"is thinking of doing something to someone involving a blind fold, a feather boa, ice, a hot candle and an assortment of fruit     don't judge me    "
going to my gmas christmas cantata    maybe i should say some hail marys while im there  wink 
ya i hear u screamin but my name aint harder   
"i have come to the conclusion that if idiots grew on trees, we'd have an enchanted <propmale>!"
if i ever wanted to commit suicide all i would have to do is jump from your ego to your iq level!
this if u agree) proud to support equal rights for all!
"so, let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? (repost to your <propfemale> if you agree)  proud to support equal rights for all"
all of u need to come to hooters tonite!! were slooow n im bored    cum get sum beer n wings!
fridays should happen much more often!!! everyone have a great day!
to get something you've never had   you have to do something you've never done 
going horsey riding today! yay
wonders if there is such a thing as a dna transfusion   i want this so called family out of my veins!
is thinking she needs a time out from being a grown-up
"if u didn't see it with ur eyes or hear it with ur ears, don't invent it with ur small mind and share it with ur big mouth   "
somewhere out there im having a good time
<propfemale> christmas to everyone! xoxo
chimney decoy? check  plate of attractant cookies? check  toy list bait? check  12 gauge? check  now we wait   
lets play a game   describe me in one word   
another late night   blah
is going to triple dog dare someone to lick a flagpole this winter  smile 
reason #1 to be happy it's winter   the shoppers at walmart are covering up more of their bare flesh at this time of year   lol
another late night and early morning   one im spending in the dog house   im sorry baby   dont be mad  sad 
what i did last night    is illegal in mos states!  wink 
every exit is an entrance somewhere 
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass  it's about getting out there and dancing in the rain
"instead of always aiming to please, i'm gonna start shooting to kill!"
what if the hokey pokey really is what it's all about?
rain rain go away   
loves that the square root of 69 is 8 somethin
when the zombie apocalypse time comes i know exactly who i'm pushing into a horde first  
"good judgment comes from e playful erience, unfortunately that e playful erience usually comes from bad judgment "
uuugghhhhhh
i have a pocket full of f you's and have already started passing them out this morning!
would walk a thousand <propmale> to see you smile    would walk way more for that thing you do with your tongue  wink 
"i use profanity, the way picasso used a paint brush"
does anyone know the fees for prostitution? if i am going to keep getting screwed at work i would at least like to know what i should charge 
"ok i've never played any facebook games so i don't know how they work   would i be able to buy land so i can grow some weed in farm ville, then sell it to the gangstas on mafia wars to distribute on the streets of yo-ville? prolly not huh   "
"*dear random bar girl, thank you for forever ruining girl-on-girl action for me! that skirt you were wearing did not have enough material to protect ure hoo-ha from the nasty cocktail of stagnant water u were sitting in and no where near enough to ever make me feel comfortable using that pool table again! (without bathing in a herpecide) enjoy the yeast infection that is without a doubt growing as we speak!*"
"there are only 3 places for people in my life: in my path, by my side, or out of my way  where u gonna be?"
it's always better to be a first-rate version of yourself instead of a being second-rate version of somebody else 
still no superbowl plans   wow i guess it really is that bad   lol
it rains the hardest on those who deserve the sun 
when i don't feel like saying anything   look into my eyes   they will tell you everything
always use tasteful words   one day you may have to eat them
misses the ones missing in her life
i feel a sin comin on     
those 3 words we all want to hear this <propfirst>'s day: let's  get  naked 
dear alcohol    will you be my <propfirst>?  love 
screw u cupid    im goin out!
"will never be down-time, spare-time, part-time, or sometime "
if you can walk away without  a fight then it never mattered to you in the first place  love 
to ride is the reason the destination is just the excuse
"what do you call a man who's gagged and tied to the bed? \trustworthy!"
"the devil made me do it the first time, the second time i did it on my own "
i;m officially addicted to quizmonster    w      t     f   ?!
looking forward to ufc fight night tonight @ work    bring on the $$$!
"what do you do if your ex is limping around and bleeding in you're back yard???\take a deep breath, focus, reload, and shoot again!"
"live,love, and laugh if that don't work  raise, aim, and fire "
is stuck between a rock and someone i want to hit with it 
"lead me not into temptation   oh screw it, just follow me, i know the shortcut!!"
"seriously  if you want us to save a horse and ride a cowboy, you guys need to learn to save a tree and eat a beaver  "
??? ?' ?'????? sad •??)=? ???? '?'? ? this is a stick-up    give me all yo [??$??(??1??)??$??]!
is debating on whether or not it will be worth 25 to life  ?' ?'????? sad •??)=? ???? '?'? ?
is in need of 'beach' therapy!
"2 of mtvs real worlders were arrested last night by bcso for attackng securty gaurds  the chick punched herself repeadly in the face while no one was looking then later tweeted that she was \beat up\"" & about to \""own pcb\""  and just when i thot i had my last wtf moment of sb 11!"""
"\lord give me <propfemale> or an untraceable handgun\"""""
is now friends with your boyfriend and 2 other people you care about
sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together -  love  <propfemale> <propmale>
left my phone at hooters last night   man i need sum zzzzzzzzzs
my middle finger just got a hard on over you
limited pool romantic theory   
sometimes reasoning with people is like a cat trying to bury a turd under a concrete tile floor
mondays blow like an asthmatic hooker   
"is in need of an adventure today, and i have a plan! all i need is a llama, a bucket, 8 rolls of duct-tape, a flamethrower, some rope, a chair, a c-4 e playful losive and an accomplice  anyone down?"
take my hand    i have no clue what will happen but i can bet my life that it will be fun and amazing   can you handle it?
"the question isn't \what are we going to do?\"" it's \""what are we going to do if we get caught?\"""""
there's just not enough sham-wows to clean up all your bull crap   
