603c8e5e629653449523f58c59c8903b
"we got back from our trip monday, and as promised, i have set up a facebook account   my family in miami made me feel like i was out of touch for not having one   tomorrow i'll upload pictures from the trip to miami and a profile pic, since my cousin <propfemale> doesn’t approve of the cartoon    wink "
the purple martins are here!  i've opened the window so i can hear them chattering outside   i was worried they wouldn't return this year since one of the houses was damaged and had to be taken down   i love these birds   smile 
"i am amazed by my utter brilliance   i was mowing the backyard with our electric mower and somehow managed to mow over the electric cable   not only did it automatically destroy the cable, but it also did something to the electric outlet   the outlet no longer works!"
"ugg!  i’ve spent the last two and a half hours trying to get a texas rebate   the site went live at 7 a m  and crashed 30 seconds later   the phones aren’t working either   i’m trying to let it roll off my back, but this is time consuming and frustrating "
"my parent's and grandparent's poor health has motivated me to be more active   i can’t just sit back and wait for the diabetes to hit; i have to take preventative measures   i went for a leisurely 3 5 mile walk with <propfirst> saturday, and today i did a brisk 2 mile walk after my morning class   i’m hoping to do this several times a week   i’m counting on friends and family to help me stay motivated   laugh "
"i didn't get to go walking today, but i did put in 20 minutes on the elipitical machine   i kept my heart rate between 165-175 the entire time, so it was a good work out "
"i felt like a hobbit yesterday   the boys would take one single step, and i would take two to try and match their stride   i would then fall about three to four feet behind them and have to jog to catch up   so, for the entire walk i was taking quick little steps and then jogging   i hope that after a few more walks i will be able to keep up the whole way  it’s great to be short!  playful "
we hiked about five <propmale> around the green belt today   it’s so beautiful and tranquil out there 
"ugg! two students decided to lift their entire speech off the internet   do they think i'm so stupid i won't notice?  god, you're in college; grow up and do your own work "
"thank you all for the wonderful birthday messages!  i'm sorry it took me a whole week to respond, but it was a busy week    laugh "
i can't wait for grey's anatomy!  just a few more weeks     
"a little nonsense now and then, is relished by the wisest men  --roald dahl"
uggg!  i was surfing the internet during my lunch break and came across a grey's anatomy spolier   i know which couple is getting married next thursday   i'm not happy    
"early voting starts today   go vote! and to all my democratic friends out there: don’t\get complacent   it’s going to be tough\to maintain control of the house and senate if democrats don’t vote, so get off\your tush and get to the polls!"
