feaf02cc3ab1dac7973fd3a97a0c1990
head hurts  nervous about this weekend 
<propfemale> hawkins? yay or nay?
i'm thinking a need a hug  > sad 
"holy fuck  i don't think i should handle a weapon tomorrow, i might just accidentally' hurt someone with it   annoyed "
uraghhh  i hate being sick! i always am at the worst fucking times  i can't go to zero to orange now  fml 
"you taste like heaven, but god knows you're built for sin ~"
"i always get sick at the wrong times, fml for not going this weekend  i wish i could've "
"sitting in chem  with <propmale>  ahh  so bored  i lurv my new pants  x3 i hate being sick, it's annoying  i got's skype, talk at me "
stuck at the school  - - text me  1270-903-7763  fucking shoot me  i want my fucking license already 
who wants to give me a ride to pratice tomorrow?!  laugh 
shower time! brb
"hmmm, bed time! night night  guess i can't make it to pratice in the morning   troubled  no freakkin' ride "
"in 3-d <propmale>, someone talk  d:"
boreboredbored 
i need a ride to pratice tomorrow   >_o
i wanna' go walking  anyone up to hanging out? text me  1270-903-7763
i still think it's creepy my parents are going to watch everything i do on facebook 
"annoyingannoyingannnoyingannoying  people can't get a fucking hint, or a brain  i hate stupid pepole "
hahahaha  i love how <propfirst>'s so techy impaired   laugh   love 
goin' to bed  i getta' go running tomorrow with webby! maybe get rid of some stress  x o
people's stupidity never ceases to amaze me 
in <propmale> class  bored   i has smore popt<propmale>s  x3
hangin' at brittanys   laugh  wish i could stay the night  x[
jus' got done running with webby not to long ago   laugh  i love her so much! soon we'll be beastly like <propfemale> and <propfemale>! uwaah !
i need a job!
headache   getta' go to <propfemale>'s house tomorrow!  love 
sitting in engish   bored  headache 
"over at <propfemale>'s!  smile  waha, running later "
got back from family reounin stuff   blah 
"if eyes are gateways to the soul, then my dear, your soul screams out to me   love "
"<propfemale>'s party was pretty fun,  i wish she could've had a better time   annoyed "
"murder is illegal, right?"
it's gettin' tougher and tougher trying to hide all these feelings  ~-~
waitin' for my mom to pick me up from school   ahhh gawd  i gotta' peeeee 
is there a homecoming dance this year? o o;;;
i feel very   sick and disturbed   there were maggots everywhere on the garbage can outside! omg! ><  sooo many  
i want that feeling back 
"if the eyes are a gateway to the soul, could it say what you don’t really mean? deary, deary, when i look in your eyes  it’s the emptiest thing i’ve ever seen "
stayin' at <propfemale>'s  x3 talk~
almost done writing a new poem 
woo! new poem finished  x3
going to bedd!  text me  9037763   love 
sitting at <propfemale>'s  manga parttyyy! ehehee  x]  dunno' if i can go tonight 
hanging out at brittany's~  love 
still at brittanys! x3 haha  waiting for my mom to pick me up  :[
home from school~
i love fall~  love 
"my head hurts, so does my back  who wants'ta read my new poem?  laugh "
i'm tired of feeling so loney  
"tired, hungry  s:"
"pick yourself up, suck it up, and shut up  no one can help you but yourself "
"she didn't know it, but she was the one i looked up to the fucking most  now i can't even tell her that   rip <propfemale>   "
sittin' here  trying to distract my thoughts  i don't think it's working to well  adventures is going to suck   troubled ;
i hate it when the word 'love' is thrown around so stupidly  - -
i r home  sore as hell for some reason  i don't wanna' do pt tomorrow  ~-~ uragh  i don't even have clothes  dx
lmao  a lot of people think i'll join the military   laugh  no  ugh  that + fat people don't mix  lmfao  <propfirst> and brittany[ithink] were the only two to guess that people in general annoy me!  laugh 
"i hate homework   gotta' make up a test for math in the morning  though, i have no idea when she'll be in there   i could go durring fourth peroid!"
i want my puppy!  annoyed 
will stab <propfirst> if he takes my puppy 
will eat <propfemale>'s face if she takes my puppy from <propfirst> 
going to the store real quickly  brb!
"packing, call or text me if needed   laugh "
woooo! finally got internet  still coughin like a sick dog  hopefully after we're done moving we can go see jumper  > 
going over to <propfemale>'s later   laugh  viedo game party~  laugh 
"time to go finish cleaning  take a shower, then hopefully play monster rancher a bit before heading to brittanys   playful "
not happy or sad  just lonely 
"i think i could kill something  i can't find any damn english, or english subtitles for fuckin' coke lyoko  or inuyasha  guuuuuuhhh  i hate being obessed with anime "
these freshmen get freakin' weirder and weirder every year   surprise 
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you  do ittt! no one lurvs me  >_>"
i'm naming the puppy i'm getting ' leech ' after <propfemale>  they were born last night on her birthday  
"i'm weird 'cause i hate goodbyes, i got <propfemale> eyes as they said farewell "
"pretty   bad day, bad mood  idiots i know made it worse  still lonely a hell  what's new?"
"worried byond all belief, scared, paranoid, shakey, nevous, and worried  pretty much all  i'm feeling right now "
wrote a new poem~ woo 
well fuck  some freshmen are just pathetic peons that arn't important  it's annoying  still in a strange mood 
i don't think i'll be getting much sleep tonight 
today was an amazing day  had funfunfun  wish he coulda' came over though 
sing me to sleep tonight 
"cheer up and dry your damp eyes, tell me when it rains  i'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins, 'cause your heart has a lack of color "
people think ok sideways is a person  fuck that  qk is a ninja 
i can already tell tomorrow will be a rather shitty day 
boredbored  talk to me~ some stuff on my mind 
"after christmas teachers are going to have a field day with dm's for kids late to class  6 minutes to walk all the way across the school for classes, and to get your stuff? hah! i have one class in the 300'ds that'll probably be where my locker is  i don't have time to go there and get to class  guh  no bookbags will not be fun "
anyone know anything new about will? d:
just picked out my new puppy   laugh  i'm thinking of naming her leech elezibeth lefarve  ? ideas!
"dear god   annoyed  i konw such whiney people  dear christ, grow up "
your love is like a candle burning on both ends 
"working on my chemistry homework  after i turn in these six bingo crappy things, my grade will be a crap load better  x3 sweet knickers "
one last period to go   thank goodnessss 
my head is killing me   troubled  the only reason i'm not begging my mom to come get me is because of marksmanship  >  then i get to go home and do homework! wooo    kill me
i'm tired of feeling lonely  ;~;
"laying on my bed, eating  bored  text me! o;"
sitting in drivers <propmale>  gotta' do some of it's hw  bleh  ah well  just gotta' do it before thursday 
"done with my chem  final  wasn't as hard as i thought it'd be  thank goodness   onto mrs  hetherington's final! well, review part anyways  d:  to stressful of a week, imo  i hate finals   troubled "
i'm feelin' good   smile  just made a 100% on my english final 
"do the best, and hope for the worst "
"sitting in drivers <propmale>  >: boring! studying, sorta   talk to me?"
passed all my clases this semester   smile  only one d  haha  frick yes  that's good for me! mad ea  66 on my algebra final  hah 
">: anyone wanna' come over and watch the puppies for me? i's tired  christmas shopping in a little bit!  smile  to bad <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>, i'm getting you something   laugh "
i hate msn  d:<
goodnight  i'm going to drown myself in dreams of better things 
"stand in the corner and scream with me, a body full of empty, a head that's full of rage "
i needs a date to military ball 
i just need a good long cry 
"black, green skulls with a pink lining around them  ;3"
"\did he wash your hair?\"" \""not with soap \"" lolasdjkfadj"""
sitting at school in the gym with whinny-boo  i want a phone   annoyed  i feel so naked without it 
home  pretty okay day  funny as crap  i love wearing medals! people stare at you in the halls  lmao  it's funny 
"if you wake up breathing, congratulations; you've got another <propmale> "
lolsmileyface 
"don't bother asking me to go see the lovely bones, btw  i wont go see it  lol "
"dramadramadrama  adventures will not be fun tomorrow  - - an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind, dumbass  god  i freaking hate people  you all are dumbshits "
"play along: you see me in a police car,what would you think igot arrested for? answer mine, then copy to your own profile  see how many crimes you get accused o"
okay! we're stuck in my bedroom for twenty fur whole hours   just you and me! what should we do?  wink  [keep this going on status's!]
"yay! snow! gaahh  i want to go play in it, but there's no one to go with me   plus i just want to <propfemale> out with friends  :["
oh my god  d:< i hate being a girl sometimes  >-<
going to learn how to drive in the snow  d: oh gosh  wish me luck   playful 
i dunno' what it is about grilled cheese and applesauce  yum! x3
"how did we meet???? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile  you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that, answer for me      please participate"
goin' to bed with a smile on my face  haven't done that in a while    laugh 
had a pretty amazing time today   smile  i couldn't stop blushing   annoyed  hah 
ohemgeeeeee  two more sequls for avatar!  annoyed  i can't wait  haha  i'm a avatarfan  ohgosh 
freaky morning  i just need a hug  woo   annoyed  off to school to finish that poster! thank goodness i can drive to school!  wink 
haaah  i'm pathetic 
my heart's on a string and it's slipped through my fingers  mind catching it for me?
"never make someone your everything, 'cause when they leave you, you're left with  n   o     t       h         i           n              g "
"at school, pretty good mood  don't want to really make up that math test after school, but after that i get to pick my dress up for mil ball!  smile  and then   getta' <propfemale> out with my friends  teehee  can't wait for tomorrow "
had more than an uhmazing time at military ball   smile  goodness  i don't think any year could beat this  hah  waffle house after it just made it   smile 
"hah! poem done  [: supercheesey  my mother wont stop reading over my shoulder  d: talk about a creeper  yes, she's reading this  giving me a throat hug in the process "
no school tomorrow! haha yaay   smile 
i hate the new facebook layout!  annoyed 
i want my gamecube  >:
i've always wanted flowers for v-day  hah  <propfemale>! gimmy some  >;[
"agh  i hate myself  i really do  i locked my freaking keys in the car, while it's runing  -o- i have a spare! but   wait  it's on my keychain in the car  gaah  fml  yay to me for wasting my mom's money   annoyed "
my cat's stoned  lmfao  haha 
"had an amazing valentimes day for once in like, sixteen years  hah  it will be one month tomorrow   love "
"best fml story ever: its me in three years! \today i was rushed to the hospital because i couldnt breath because i was crying so hard   why was i crying? my favorite anime character died \"" hahah"""
"i say there should be another snow day tomorrow, so <propfemale> can stay the night  >:"
"a handy man is good to have around the house, but the women have to tell them what to do most the time  my mommy's bettter! she can use a tool, and has a brain   laugh  & gets the job done bettter  x3 ilumommeh"
"today was pretty good  just a weird mood though  was super happeh third peroid! i'm the fouth top shooter for marksmanship and the top female shooter  for now, anyways  >:"
i'm really hoping he keeps his promise this time  it'd mean the world to me 
i'm going to go god freaking insane  =-=
"dear myself, i don't want another nightmare tonight  "
there's a place downtown where the freaks all come around  it's a hole in the wall  it's a dirty free for all 
"come with me <propfemale> i'myour sweet sugar <propfemale> man  run like the wind  fly with me to bouncy land  bite me i'm yours, if you're hungry please understand  this is the end of the sweet sugar <propfemale> man   aqua, ftw  lol "
time to give doggies baths   woo 
i just wanna' go home and <propfemale> out with people & play <propfirst>   `-` <--- mood 
"when a heart breaks, it don't breakeven "
"i knew it was the end when you said, \i'll never leave you \""  you promised you'd never lie to me  you did """
it's really pathetic to cry over anime as much as i do  `-`
i think my head is making up for that millionth of a second of spinning the world lost 
"my heart's on a string, dangling to the ground  wanna' pick it up for me?"
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile """
"i miss those warm summer nights, where we stayed up until 2 am, screaming and goofing around with the grage lit  the smell of oil and gas; the sounds of powertools and saws going  they always make me think of you  what i wouldn't give to have you back  the way you used to be  the tire swing in the backyard, when we lit up fireworks, and cooked smores infront of the barn   imissyoudad "
"ohemgee! i am sooo pathetic  >:{ i cried over anime, agian "
"i wanna' help, but i dunno' what to say or do   annoyed  ack goodness  i'm getting that useless feeling again  >_o"
i still have no idea how my mommy does it   i would've given up a while ago  damn  she impresses me more and more everyday  i hope i can be like that 
"is there something wrong with me? \ """
i'm a pessimistic optimist  i e playful ect the worst - that way things can only get better 
"watching konjiki no gash <propfemale>  well, for you american folks that remember it, zatch <propfemale>! x3 had a good time in macon, but i'm sore as crap "
"down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better, what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else    93% of my friends will not copy this    will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put    it as    your status and leave it       for at least one hour?"
i heart you  <:
"\we never hit you! we spanked you! sometimes it just happened to be on your face \"""""
just   one of those days   annoyed 
"how many of us really know all of the people on our friend list? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how you met me  after you have completed this,repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be  are we really friends?"
"i've never felt so much appreciation for my mommy and cold, wet rags  i hope i feel better by tomorrow  _ _;"
i'm only forgiving because i know what's it's like to never be forgiven  
lmao  i will never allow myself to watch another episode of zatch <propfemale> with english dubs  alskdfndnfak hahahhaaha  oh dear god  that was a horrid five minutes of my life  so freakin' funny though   grooovy!
whos knows that password phealan gave us for that online library thingy?  annoyed 
"trust is like a mirrior, when it breaks- you can fix it, but you still see the cracks "
blech mood 
"sitting with <propfemale>   love  making mashed 'taters  you've been on my mind all day, i wonder if i've been on yours "
"you're to full of yourself  you think you're a god and i hope before you die how wrong you are  you're hyprocritical jackass  i need to start seeing past the good in people, realize their bad points before they blind me into thienking they're good "
"<propfemale> is trying to kill me  she hid a safty pin on my palet of blankies  i see how it is, woman   love "
"i'm getting lost again, i can't differ between fantasy and reality; come find me, take me by the hand and pull me free from this dark corner my mind  "
just got back home from hanging with <propfemale>   love  we had fun on our lesbian date   wink 
a roser laughs as a cat falls into a bucket of water; the moral? a wet pussy always makes a cock happy! haha 
goodbyes are only painful when you know you'll never say hello again  
just got back from droppin' <propfemale> off at work  i was glad i could <propfemale> out with her today   love 
"[11 wink  <-- total copy cat   love  april 23'd, here i come!  wink "
crying just shows that you have no control over your emotions; they've got control over you  
finally! the weekend  goodness  nothi'n planned so far besides hopefully goin' to fuji with <propfemale> tomorrow around 12  wanna' come?  laugh 
"guh  alright  now i wanna' make plans with peoples  i'm feeling movies later tonight, maybee?"
<propfemale>! i think i left my phone at your house   annoyed 
my heart aches and you don't even know  
why is it so cold out in this land?
so lonely  
"pretty sure my ipod is offically broke  can't go a day without it freezin'  guh  i'd kill for frosted animal crackers for my brithday, witch is in an hour or so  ;3 well, actually  idunno'  later on in the day   smile "
gettin' a tattoo for my birthdaayyy! love 
i don't even see how i was friends with you in the first place 
could've been the way you looked at me that told me we were through 
"could've been a bad day, a bad day  could've been the real way, real way that told me we were through "
"trying to turn my brain off, but it's not working right now  i don't wanna' think about tomorrow  i'm really starting to worry myself "
"erk   long day today, tired as crap  on the bright side, i'm going to a new place and gettin gmy tattoo thursday   laugh  at six "
<propfemale>' going to prom alone again 
"goin' to take a shower and get ready  if you need me, text   smile "
just got home from fuji with <propfirst>  had a pretty awesome time   smile   love 
lmao  i finally broke down   heart-broken 
"i wish i was sleeping beauty  i could sleep forever, since i know my <propmale> charming will never come for me   love "
olaskfdnsdfask urgh 
"just went through my old poems on myspace    i wish someone would've told me i was that demented   playful \still, there was one stanza that gave me chills \\you tore me open\and spilled my blood,\ don't wear white 'cause it'll show,\ the blood i shed,\ the secret you never told \\lot's more symbolization and meaning held in that stanza than a lot of stuff i could e playful lain in words   love "
"sorry to those of you i was talking to, but i've got to get some sleep before i fallover   love  love  love ?"
"i give you no sympathy; you're just a freakin' idiot  not sure why, but you just get under my skin  >[ but, in about an hour, hopefully i'll be on my way to get my skin stained!  laugh "
at brittanys   laugh 
agh! i need someone to go with my to the bbq frestival tomorrow  >: i don't wanna' be a third wheel all day 
my heart's on strings and for once; you're not on the other end 
might be getting a new car!! eeeepp! sooo excited!
doesn't wanna' go to the bbq fest alone   troubled  someone go wif me 
"downloading latale, again  woo  need somethin' to amuse me over the summer   laugh "
"got my tattoo!  laugh  will show peoples tomorrow, i has a picture, but i'll make you wait   wink "
"trust is like a mirror  if you break it, you can fix it! but, you still see the c r a c k s "
i've got no symapthy for you if it's self inflicted   laugh 
"there's only a few of you i care about  some i prented to, others i really do  will you ever know? hah  nopeee   smile  i wont tell you, either  i'm just tired of having fake friends, or just   annoying people around  i can't wait until summer  annoyed "
"there's only a few of you i care about  some i pretend to, others i really do  will you ever know? hah  nopeee   smile  i wont tell you, either  i'm just tired of having fake friends, or just   annoying people around  i can't wait until summer  annoyed "
bored  talk?
ohmaigawd  shoot my freakin' knee  or shoot my face  i wanna' go home 
to bad people are to stupid to learn personal space 
nomnom time 
wow  that's all i've got to say  jsust   wow 
"maybe someday, i'll mean enough to someone; they'll want to be with me    love "
fourth period   troubled   woo! no school tomorrow love 
me and <propfemale> made penis cookies!  laugh 
ill be back  lappy's  dying 
"it's 403, and i can't sleep without you next to me  "
"looool, my mommy's delusional  she's singing in the tub  `u` iloveies her "
"bored  tired  annoyed  sad  lonely  all these differnt emotions, gosh  someone talk!  wink "
i'm so tired of feelin' used all the time  
"so please don't forget to call me to let me know you're doing okay, <propmale> away from me "
wish i could go drive and clear my mind  
i kinda' almost wanna' go to the movies  o o
off to brittanys house!
"urk  \okay "
"i could kill a bitch, atm  alskdfnskdfj  gawd  i hate being this annoyed "
brb  showa'
   am i really that mean? :[
"got two new gamecube games, and a memory card   love  thank you mommy!  smile "
graveyeards always have had a strange calmness to them 
it's pretty bad when i wanna' clean something  hah 
hmhm  boredbored  s:
"fallin' into another pit of depression \finally!\time to write   love "
"so, i can only write when i'm depressed, but damn \can i write  \hah \shut up, it's the only thing i'm coincided about   laugh "
a whole month and six days until my full license  d:
staying the night at <propfirst>'s   laugh 
urgh  stomach cramps are the freaking worst  worst  what did i ever do in my past life that made me be a girl this time?! <propfemale> told me that physical activities stuff make it them go away  i'm about to go to brittanys to swim   sad 
"one horrid thing happends, one amazing thing happends  hm  weird  oh well, i'm not complaning!  love "
fmlyhm  love  seether 
weee  i hate fathers day 
"just finished cardcaptor sakura  d: guuh  so freakin' sad at the end   made me cry  >: guh! i need a new, good anime  any suggestions? besides naruto, bleech, one piece, zatch <propfemale>   > >"
got a new car! now i just need my license unsuspended   annoyed 
"lksdfnasdf what the eff?! i know people who got worse grades than me, but noo their license wasn't suspended! just because they can't put down i was at the dentist i get to many unexcused absent things! omfg  lakdsnfa  what kinda' <propfemale> is this?"
soooo    annoyyed    - -
"aolknfdsdfsakdfn omf! guh  <propfemale> ni todoke is over   new anime, i guess  d: not fair! not fair! they need a new season! >:e"
everything i say or do anyomore just reminds me of you 
can't sleep   sad 
you sure know how to make me feel like crap without realizing it 
i want my license back! > sad 
re-downloaded latale agina  c: someone should make one and plaaay wif me   love 
"would like to take note she didn't sleep all day  > smile  she was just laying in bed thinking over her weird-ass dream  gawd, that was weeiiirrrdd  "
just found out a lot of stuff about myself through my dreams  :e geh 
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted   you probably won't copy and paste this&put it as ur status -- and i like to thank whoever put 'children' before 'sepcial needs' if  you say 'special needs kids' you're not looking at them, you're looking at the disability "
"why does the bad always outweigh the good? plans cancled tonight, probably for the rest of the weekend, depending if someone shows   indecision  ugh  i'm not even gonn'a attempt to make plans  i'm gonna' take a shower, eat some pizza, and watch avatar  > indecision "
gawd  i looove people who start an argument and then have to make shit up to keep it going  jezus  you're a waste of air  8]
why does shit like this always happen?! > sad 
i gooot my license back!  love 
"iffffffffff we go to the movies, who wants to go?  wink "
lol  amg  almost died  woo  gotta' love adventures with <propfemale> 
"urgh  can't do anything yet today  not until mom gets home  about to go start laundry, hop in the shower, then clean my room  perhaps if my mom gets home early enough, someone can <propfemale> out with me   laugh  or just go drive around  x] any takers?"
tonight was fun   smile 
doesn't feel good  at all 
 troubled  urgh!
   i just realized   i haven't seen my animal crossing game in a long while    indecision  frick  i hope i didn't trade it in  - -
"d:    just saw a spider, tried to kill it and it ran away  saw a bigger spider, killed that one  scared to go through this   bucket thing  not gonna' "
"today was fun, still is  only bad thing is, is my car is stuck in a friends yard  stupi dmud  ugh  it needs to stop storming!"
gotta' love car adventures with <propfemale>  lmao  my poor car needs washinng  who wants to come do it?
ooommg! pluuuuuuumsssssss! =  love  love  love 
enjoying the rainy day with paper <propfirst> and fuji lefovers   ahh  what could make it better?
ughh  i feel horrible  who gets sick over summer?
gonna' try and relax with <propfemale> and her poool  urgh  this was suppose to be my last summer and stress free  liiess!
chillin in <propmale> hawes  thinking and noming on  a plum 
it's not suppose to hurt this much to care 
"ohmygoodness  you're just full of complaints, aren't you? >  ugh  going to bed  then tomorrow to help out with calling freshies  maaybe shopping tomorrow? i hope it'll be a good day   annoyed "
"on the way to the smokies with brittanys family   wink  this is fun  blasting 80's rock, driving comfy  i'm happy "
on my way back to plain ol' owensboro  this was amazing! totally coming back again  so beautiful!  wink 
"i'm not afraid of tomorrow, i'm just scared of myself ~"
entertaining freshmen is tireing  >  i want sleeep 
gonna' lay down and watch <propfemale>'s funniest home videos  o; text me  c:
"1st blue, study hall, powers \2st blue, rotc[areospace]\3rd blue, rotc[adventures]\4th blue, math special topics, hay \\1st white, 2d!, sparks \2nd white, sociology psychology, jaskcon hayden \3rd white, econ, hayden \4th white, english, dilback  \ \do we have any classes togetherr?  laugh "
my uterus hurts! i hate being a chick 
time to clean  woo  mom's having a jewlry party thingy if you wanna' come by   laugh  please?
last weekend before school starts and still can't go to the drive in   annoyed 
"if\you would date me like this status, if your a friend put  smile , if you\dislike me put  sad , if you miss me put  annoyed , and if your upset with me put\ playful  "
"who wants to come fix my caar?!  laugh  the check engine light is back on, and i really want the smoking of my car to stop  i think i need new break pads, too  and tires "
i'm so tired of feeling lonely  is there this secret 'keep away from me!' circle i have around me?
"holyhell  i'm a senior  = =; i still rememberwhen i was laughing as a freshmen who was gonna' be the corps commander my senior year  now i look back and laugh  it's scary  i'm ready for it, but i don't wanna' leave  welp, tomorrow's my last first day of school  hellooo senior year "
"watching underworld revoulution   love  for my birthday, someone should get me the first and third one   laugh  please and thankyou "
woo! marksmanship tomorrow   laugh  sweet  gotta' leave extra early  -o-
"today, i was at my girlfriends house with just me and her  things began to get heated and we started doing it on the living room couch  near the end of it i decided to whisper in her ear, \who's your daddy?\"" i hear behind me"," \""i am \"" fml\"feaf02cc3ab1dac7973fd3a97a0c1990,"be kinder than necessary, for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle "
  is the 30th here yet  ?
does not and will not like this day  at all 
"today just doesn't wanna' get better, does it? i wake up in the morning to find someone hit my parked car  i have no side mirror now and a dent in my door  x] school was   school   have to rush to get ready for the game tonight and   hopefully picking on the freshmen will cheer me up   smile "
after the volleyball game was pretty okay  freshmen are freaky this year  and freakkin' loud  7 30 freshies showed up to the game  fail 
"we're not falling in love, we're just falling apart "
tired  i really don't wanna' do my econ and english homework  
"don't make me promises if you can't keep them, stop trying to make excuses; i know they're just lies "
"great  the only thing i had some self-confidence in is gone, now what do i do when i'm below, below average?"
"i need a hug, like one of those guy hugs they give you and everything feels better  am i just setting my standards o high for me?   or do i really just excell at nothing  "
"woo! sports day omorrow, then going home and sleeping   laugh  have to get up at like five thirty tomorrow  school was eh  i'm still eh "
you all should be jealous  i've got both my side-view mirros again   wink 
"sore, but today was pretty amazingly fun  my last year going, kinda' sad we didn't win the spirit award   annoyed  oh well "
\me - dude, i love jessica \feaf02cc3ab1dac7973fd3a97a0c1990,am i really that bad of a person? sorry for trying to help and sorry for being a shitty friend  not even gonna' try to talk to people tomorrow  i'll be another walking epmty shell 
sometimes the most open minded people are the ones who're the most closed minded 
"stop making promises you wont keep, it's not that hard  if you know for a fact you can keep it, make a promise  though, if you don't know for a fact don't make a promise "
"votes on that we should have a movie party monday, <propfemale> webster  > surprise  and perhaps we should invite freshies to get to know 'em "
"who knew writing an enlgish paper could be so depressing?  going to bed, way to tired to clean the kitchen at this point  goodnight "
"i'm fersrsly low on gas, and we're kinda' short on money for now, so it'd be really freakin' helpful if you could give me my money  kthx "
"woooow   really? well, gee, thanks   annoyed "
"thank you, 'friend'   annoyed "
"nice to know you'd rather spend money than pay me back, when we don't have money for gas   smile "
"maan, everyone has someone to love on now'a days  why am i always the one who's alone  ?"
"no matter how much you care, you can't make others care "
"so, i'm pretty sure i've got 13 misqueto bites on my left arm, and seven on my right "
"so what do you do when you're below, below average?  annoyed "
"as happy as you make me, you also make me three times sadder "
"niight peoples  uniform day tomorrow, fuji afterwards for brittanys birthdaaay!"
i wish i could hit you with a bat   annoyed 
"well, the day was going okay, but now i'm all sadface  urk  just gotta' get over it i guess "
"goodbye my almost lover, goodbye my hopeless dream; i'm trying to not think about you, can't you just let me be?"
"> smile  = \i'm going to rape you \"""""
"maaan   everyone has a someone, but me "
we could be so beautiful  ~
i'm so tired of stability; i want things to change 
"'cause baby, tonight, the dj got us fallin' in love again  so dance, dance like it's the last, last night of your life, life "
uniform day tomorrowww  d: urgh!  i'm soooo having a lazy day friday   sad 
and here come the painful memories 
is scared 
"why do i try so hard? it's pointless, you'll never notice me  "
"sucess is my only option, failure's not "
ugh  lemmeh go back in time and stop from saying what i said  i wish i could just stop this 
"i'm so tired of everything here  is it bad i want to go to friggin' michigan and go to college there? or chicago? gawd  i just want a change of scenery  naah  eff this, i'll go to canada   sad "
"apollo highschool is having a yard sale, friends please come by!  laugh "
do you not have faith in me  ?
"lawl  silly me  how can i help anyone like me, if i can't even help myself?"
"i feel a breakdown comin' up  hmm, i predict tomorrow "
"good god  people need to get off my ass  i don't live to please you, can't you see i've had a bad day? just leave me alone, and if you've got a problem wth me, kick me out of your life, then "
"with bad comes the good, and horrid more the great "
"i'm just gonna' go ahead and warn everyone now  i have no patients right now, and probably wont tomorrow  don't get mad if i seem   not so nice   laugh "
tiimmeee to go drop off my uniform at the dry cleanerss   be right back 
"\shut up you dirty little hamster!\"" - mike \",feaf02cc3ab1dac7973fd3a97a0c1990,"good gosh   annoyed  if i'm that annoying to you, quit talkin' to me  it's not that hard 'cause apparently i'm important to you "
"good gosh   annoyed  if i'm that annoying to you, quit talkin' to me  it's not that hard 'cause apparently i'm not important to you "
"goodbye my almost lover, goodbye my hopeless dream  i'm trying not to think about you, can't you just let me be? so long my luckless romance my back is turned on you; shoulda' known you'd bring me heartache  almost lovers always do "
"the comp went well  'cept the whole running around like chickens with our heads cut off  > annoyed  my feet hurrrttt  but, we took first advance overall   wink  off to fuji at five with <propfirst> and <propfirst>   love  and then   iunno' "
"i'm not you, so i can't be anything more than this to him "
gonna' play gamecube all night and drown out these depressing thoughts  
i can't wait until october 15th   annoyed 
stop being mad at the world for what you did 
it's like i'm not even here any more  i can't tell what's fictional and non-fictional  i hear people talking and barely understand or respond  what's wrong with me?
"lkasbdfkasjdfbsdf  nothing i do is right to you  i'm always wrong  wrongwrongwrongwrong  you've always gotta' be right, don'tcha? i just want to talk to you, and all you can do is bitch n' moan "
if i can make sense of what others feel   maybe i can make sense of what i feel 
why can't peole be honest? <--- answer it 
"may i make a\request of anyone willing to post this to their profile for at least an\hour-it is special education week and this is in honor of all\children-made in a unique way and who learn a little   differently  and\to those who dedicate their lives to helping these special children "
almost a year  
i wish this would just stop hurting 
"just got back from chillin' with <propmale> and <propfirst>  \went to go see shaw today   brought her roses and a redbull   \imissyou "
i want to get out of here and start over 
every thought that has passed through my mind today just hurts; even the happy ones 
wrote a new poem~ first one in a long time   love 
"welp, going to get food then go <propfemale> with <propmale> and probably <propfirst>!  laugh "
"shrek is on! best movie ever! i haven't seen it in yeaaarrs  the first one, i mean "
is a <propfemale> 
these butterflies are a bad sign  i shouldn't get a head of myself but it's hard not to 
goodgosh  i just cause reltationship problems for everyone  screw it  it's probably a sign i shouldn't ever have one myself 
can't find my fkujyhgrfryhukhf keys!! agh!!
"found me keys, finally! off to my tattoo touch up  then coming back home to clean, then hopefully going to go hangout with <propfirst> and <propmale> to look for postcards   laugh "
"so, who knew that tattoo touch-ups are three times worse then the actual tattoo?"
gooooooood! my back itches!  annoyed 
"i love how people wait until the last day of fall break to do homework  pfft \i freakin' wait until first block to do fourth block's work   laugh "
"i think inuyasha is the only anime i prefer in english  \other than that, today blows \hard \kinda' like a trained whore \wait, i mean exactly like a whore "
you know what i want for christmas? all the freakin' soundtracks to inuysahs  espically the opening ending songs   sad 
"my day was pretty amazin'  until 1730  o: oh well! \i'm the new marksmanship commander   smile "
"people need to learn that the fast <propfirst> on the bypass doesn't mean to go fourty-five, damnit \learn how to drive "
whos's going to the haunted trails tonight?! i need a favor   annoyed 
painting is relaxing 
"i changed my mind  you know what i want for my birthday christmas?\a freakin' gun and shooting lessons and archery lessons  > indecision "
i feel like i need a personal day this week  
"!! my day has been made  x]  the second season of <propfemale> ni todoke is coming out in january!!! ahaksjdfbaskdfj i can't freakin' wait \now they need a second season of kaichou wa maid-sama! x]"
"well fine  apparently my cookies look disgusting \whatever  oh,\i'm also a caveman, according to my mom \ laugh d"
"i was planning on dipping my cookies in milk, but they're so undercooked i can't pick 'em up   sad  but they were delicious  \like mashed potatoes but in smushed cookie form "
"it feels like you're trying to distance yourself from us  \i guess it's a good thing, so it doesn't hurt as much in the end \i'll try it, too "
"sdakfjbsajfnuioh  off to therapy  god, i just want to hit a wall \to bad i'm to much of a sissy to do it \lawl \whatever "
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer"
"whatever\you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will\give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her\groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile and she will give\you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you\     give her crap, be             ready to receive a ton of shit   \real women keep this going!"
"wrote a new poem \quite in love with it "
ease feel free to stop playing the victim only one person thinks you are that  and he's blind  unlike me   smile 
"since my phone likes to mess up my messages   god, i hate people, oh so freakin' much  today was shitty  people need to learn that the fast <propfirst> means faster  not freakin' 55! another note   please, feel free to stop playing the victim  smile  there's only two people who think you are and they're blind to your shit  but, we're not   wink "
"\shhhh    you hear that?   that's the sound of forgiveness \""\",feaf02cc3ab1dac7973fd3a97a0c1990,"comp  tomorrow    sad  feelin' in a strange poetic mood  to bad i have no inspration    annoyed \ideas?  smile "
"well    today was pretty eventfull   comp for like, nine hours then went trick-or-treating with <propfemale>, <propmale>, cj, and johnny! cj was a three legged cow  and then i went to the haunted trails 'cause they needed peoples  <propfemale>'s birthday is tomorrow, as well as my dog's; which i named 'leech' after <propfemale>!\maaann   it's going to be sad to sing happybirthday to both of them    sad \i miss you, shaw "
"god  since yesterday was so amazing, today just sucks  my phone got waterdamaged and i can't call recieve calls  i answer it, and neither people can hear  \anyone want to be an amazing friend and let me borrow a phone for a little bit?  annoyed "
"you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath, i'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt "
"k   so, my phone is fersrsly crap  it wont charge  it only works when it's on the charger  by 'works' i mean it will restart constantly and not let me call people or recieve txts when i need them  so  if anyone has a spare phone, and god i don't care when kind it is, please let me use it! d:  troubled  i really really need it to keep in touch with my mom and all that "
how do you make a flesh color with paint?!
"it's so weird   i haven't been this happy in a while  and it's not just a few hours, it's been a few days  \i seriously think this painting every other day is seriously saving me from myself \i still suck at drawing and such, but i'll get better  i can't wait until i'm better "
"totally made sango look like a mexican   sad c i'm sorry, sango!"
"   i don't know if i should feel stupid or not, but i can't figure out how to apply to <propmale> <propfemale> or <propfemale>'s   troubled "
someone should go to fuji with me   sad 
off to fuji with <propfemale> and <propfemale>   laugh  then i might stop at the mall for something   or maybe ice skatinggg 
got back from the veterans day parade   smile   it was fun  later around 7 i'm going iceskating with a bunch of rotcy geeks  x] can't wait!
to everyone that im'd me on fb   i can't see the txt  your's or mine 
"gosh   tonight was so effing amazingg!  smile  even if i got a little hurt by some words   god,alskdfnkjsadfbn i found a new hobby, no joke  iceskating is by far amazing  going again tomorrow  lol  the super amazing lady that helped me is amazing   1-4, i can't wait! i fell seven times tonight  haha  i haven't been this happy for a long time "
"3\yrs old: my mom is the best! 7 yrs old: mom i love you  10 yrs old: mom\whatever  17 yrs old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 yrs old: i wanna\leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's house  50\years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 yrs old    i would give up\everything for my mom to be here with me  post this on your wall if you\love and appreciate your mom! i love you mom!"
going to go pick up <propfirst> and <propfemale> and go ice sakting   again  lol   1-4
so sick of seeing lovey-dovey shit  > annoyed 
applied at kmart   >_> ehehehe  let's hope i get it! night 
"i\think that kmart needs to call me, damnit  today was pretty sweet  evenhad fun after school too   laugh  gettin'\that standing ovation was beyond amazing  makes me sad this is my last\year   annoyed  i think the realization is sitting in   i don't wanna' grow up "
"stop! don't touch me there, that's my nono square!"
going skating in a little bit  yaya
"everything i do is wrong, isn't it? sorry for having fun for once  i really am sorry for being a bad friend "
"ever have those days where everything goes wrong and you just want to cry? yeah  me freakin' too \oh  no one can come over to my house for a while anymore  don't ask why, you just can't "
don't forget  it's marksmanship tomorrow  and all week  spread the word to the other mms people 
"humans make mistakes  i make more than usual \does that make me inhuman?"
"if you love someone because they have a good personality, or if they're cute or has a nice body it's pointless to say you love them, because someone who's nicer, or hotter will come along  there's always someone better  you love someone because you love them  not their qualities "
"the blindest of all \are people with open eyes\the blind always sees\past their own lies "
"just finished watching tyoko mew mew  i cried  but, i've been crying all day, so! but, still it was a good anime  sad it's over, but eh  i'll find a new one! doctors tomorrow  sleep now  night "
"i hate being this freakin' sick! i can hardly breathe, my lips are so chapped and any kind of chapstick just makes it worse  my body is sooo achey, i can't stop coughing, my nose is so clogged, neck hurts  eff me  anyone want to bring me some soup  ?  sad "
off to the doctors 
q and a in my inbox! gogogogo  > sad 
new phone! new phone! thank you mommmyy   smile 
"dinning in was funn! kinda' sad it was my last year    annoyed  ah well   grog was tastey! wasn't suppose to be  lawl   we forgot the pickle juice   >_>  darn  parade tomorrow! > sad  but, then iceskating with my good friends  c; butt tag! can't wait  > laugh "
you've only got yourself to blame 
"dear <propfemale> in the sky,\why are you so bright?\maybe because now,\is see things in a different light "
"maybe i should hate you for this; never really did ever quite get that far \if i'm just bad news, then you're a liar "
"marksmanship tomorrow morning   if you didn't do the postal last time, but want to do the next postal, please come  0650"
it's your own choice to be happy or not  no one else has that control 
"just kinda' bummed in general  dad's birthday is tomorrow so i'm gonna' call him then  \the smell of a car leaking some weird fluid hit me today and i wanted to cry \i think i miss my dad \ annoyed "
"chillin' at brittanys for the night   uberr sleepy! cold too  lol but, still having fun  going home tomorrow to give doggies a bath and attempt at a batch of pumpkin muffins!"
"the blindest of all\\are with open eyes,\\but, the blind see\\past everyone's lies "
"phew  that was close  i almost lost myself, thank goodness i caught myself "
"i very much like this snow, and day   smile  it was a good day  got coco cut down! and had an amazing dinny made by my mommy   love  it's the first year it's been just the three of us, but i don't mind it   smile  going shopping on black <propfemale> for the first time in my life with <propfirst>! maybe she will be able to stay the night  x3"
"well, i'm going to relax in a bath and then go do some hw @_@; text me while i do it!  laugh "
"\worry is using your imagination to create things you don't want to happen \"""""
"almost finished with my first artwork for my project  just gotta' paint the black lines   off to school in the morning! uniform day, gotta' take a test in ess in the morning  g'night "
i think the biggest thing that annoys me is when people cut me off mid-sentence 
"you break up with someone because they change, or you break up with someone because they won't change  but, some stay together because they're so in love, they don't see any change   love "
"i\don't need an angel on my christmas tree  i already have one in heaven\looking down on me  put this as your status if there is someone in\heaven you will miss this christmas"
"pi got the best complement ever today  the guidance lady said \keep smiling girl  evry time you come in here your smile brightens my day!\"" i can't stop sm"""
piling   smile 
"  wish me luck  i'm gonna' ask him to come down for christmas  \lawl \let's see how down i get after his rejection  \ confidential "
what a waste of time 
"gimmy a number, any number! 1-1000, that is, and i'll tell you what i think  > smile "
"e- i love you mucho! i love being your butt!  wink \i miss chillin' with you at movie nights  we need another one very soon   love 3"
"7- you're pretty funny to <propfemale> out with, and it's pretty funny to play jokes on yoou! but you know we love you   playful "
"420- why doesn't it surprise me that you picked this number? stop that habit! woman   ima' flick you're nose  haha  but, even though we fight sometimes, it doesn''t mean i don't love you   wink  we've been through a lot together and i feel like we've separated a lot since freshmen year  [read next post ]"
"420[cont ]i miss how we would just walka block down and bam, there we were! i\know i can talk to you about anything and you'll understand and try to\help  i love you bunches and don't forget! when boobs collide!  wink "
"329-  hello woman  even if i'm a shitty ass friend, you seem to still stick by my side   love  you're one of my most important people i love you so much, you're like a sister i never had  we fight and make up, we're the best of friends and worst of enemy's  you know you can come to me for anything and visa versa  which is why i came to you that one night   playful  but, i love you no matter what happens, and i always will   love "
"16- maaan! you're so annoying! hehe  just sometimes!  playful  i can't wait to go to your hockey games! haha  but, anyways, you're an awesome friend, and i know you and me are a like in a lot of ways, just 'cause we're   uh  idk  hah  but, we are! even if you do annoy me at times, it's okay, because i loveyoooooouu! can't wait until nationalss   wink "
"i wish i didn't care \everything would hurt less, then "
"livin' in a world so cold, wasting away  livin' in a shell with no soul, since you've gone away  - world so cold, three days grace "
"so  i almost get hit twice today after school   stupid people can't look where they're going  > sad  good thing i saw them though  x] and, after that i almost got run over \so, safe to say i'm going to stay inside my room and hide  someone's out to get me!"
"someone hacked onto my msn messenger  \whoever the frick it is, stop "
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale>, who just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6, while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero & his family  keep them in your prayers "
why am i waiting for nothing  ?
erk  nervous to drive in the snow tomorrow! it's been a whooolllee year since i have  hahaha   get it?   haha   yeah 
"you're amazing in my eyes \\why can't i be in yours?"
"well, i'm out of my three finals tomorrow, so instead i'm going to go check out octc  hollyyyshit  i'm scared! gotta' make a plan for the compest test and all that crap  get informationnn~ ugh  but, game tonight  -o-; so, yeah  probablllyyy wont be at school until friday   wink "
"so, today i found out how scary the octc college campus is   i got lost!  annoyed  signed up for tutorskills to learn shit for the compest test i'll take after break!  smile "
"freezing rain   sleet and light snow in the evening    then freezing rain after midnight  snow and sleet accumulation less than 1 inch  ice accumulation around one quarter of an inch  lows in the upper 20s  temperature steady or slowly rising after midnight  southeast winds 5 to 10 mph  <propmale> of precipitation near 100 percent \\this is what my weatherbug has told me! > >"
"let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything ,yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for everyone!!! ?"
who thinks we'll be out tomorrow?
how are the finals going to work?  annoyed 
"dwarven vow #1 - let's all work together for a peaceful world  \dwarven vow #2 - never abandon someone in need\dwarven vow #4 - don't depend on others, walk on your own two legs \dwarven vow #7 - goodness and love will always win \\gotta' love tos's vows   love "
"i need baking soda, glalsjkbfaksjdbfjsajkf "
"if you're in rotc, you need to be at the game   sad  we need people so we can have people to actually march "
awwe  my <propfemale> took a nap with me on my chest  it was so cute   love  wish i could've gotten a picture   sad 
i now have an iphone   smile 
"shiiiiit  so, uh  if i had your number, please text me   love "
"normally, i don't do things like this, but i'm curious ;b me + ______ = perfect couple   copy this as your status and see what you get "
i'm immature? you sir need to look in a mirror  stupid ass 
"who wants to kill someone for me?\before i do "
"pfffft  i doubt anyone's little brother sister woke you up at 4am to open presents   like <propmale> did for us  guuuh  lol  amazing christmas   love  got a bunch of paint brushes and a few canvases   smile  and an xbox, can't wait to play! tales of vesperia   you will be mine this week!"
about to play some eternal sonata  maybe that will cheer me up?
sooooo   i have xbox live  add me please   laugh  i need friends  dundunndunnn <--- is my gamertag
gimy your gamertags  > sad  omnomnomnom  now 
"it's okay \i get it, now \i wouldn't want to remember me, either "
i need some good consignment shops around here   d: besides <propfemale>'s and that one on sherm   peasehelp  ;n; i need a dress!
"overdue emotional breakdown? \me thinks so "
"about to go in the living room and watch the new <propfemale> ni todoke episode  season two   love  then thinking  playing 360 \i wanna' just say screw mil  ball  i don't have time to go find a freakin' dress, since everything is closed  - -;"
"if -you're- just average,\what the hell does that make me?\oh, wait \below average, my bad "
applied at subway on 60 by my house   smile  let's hope i get it!  sad 
"so, i have a feeling we wont have enough people to help set up tomorrow    sad  so, if you can, please come help set up! 10-12   annoyed "
"military ball was pretty amazing   laugh  loved it  and i got to dance with a few people!  wink  hehe  body hurts, now  the balloon drop was pretty cool happy we could get it set up  can't wait until prom  heellloooo ymca "
"i wanna' move away  maybe if you didn't talk shit, you wouldn't have it bite you in the ass "
"gamertag: dundunndunn\add me  i'm going to go play xbox for a while "
wish me luck on my interview!
"no uniform tomorrow! just got the text from chief so don't bother me about if i know it's true or not  it'll be rescheduled  no uniform tomorrow, even if it's your uniform day "
"before you ask me! yes, there is a freakin' game tonight \be there \it's a grade now "
"well, today is amazing  i got me a job  subway on 60! hell yeaaaaaah "
work!   laugh 
"got off work about an hour ago  it was pretty amazing   laugh  this will be a good job   love  work 9-11 tomorrow, possibly changing  i work during the comp   troubled  i'm gonna' die "
"goodness me  my two hour shift at subway turned into a seven hour one   laugh  worked 9-4  it was pretty god  my body is so tired, but i'm awake! i love this job  x3 work again tuesday 5-10"
i still can't believe there's a freakin' movie about <propfirst> beiber  - -;
"so! i'm nervous for tomorrow  work at 5-10  working with two guys i've never met before with almost nooo idea what i'm doing in there    sad  save me! that and i have to break the new to chief i can't go to the comp  so, ima' die  well, wish me luck with work! i hope they're cool   annoyed  i need a partner to go to the y sunday, if i don't work "
work  5-10 
"is very sore from starting work  i think i like closing, it'll be a little interesting from now on  well, i'm going to bed! goodnight indeed "
work! 4-10
was suppose to work 5-7 but just got called in  not complaining   smile  i'd rather work now than pre close  d: 10-2
"what would you do if you knew how and when you would die? would you live your life in denial, or try to prevent it with all your might? would you be lazy and party and just destroy yourself, or would you make something of your life before you died  ?"
"for the love of everything! there is no i repeat, no game tonight! you ask me and i'm going to ignore you "
"if you love me ; comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend ; like this status \if you have ever had a crush on me ; poke me \if you absolutely hate me ; then message me and tell me why \post this as your status if your not scared "
on break  then work for another hour 
"copy and see what you get (inbox only!);\red- i used too like you \grey- i wanna be friends \purple-i wanna get too know you \pink- i like you \   (tharr be more)indigo- i miss you \orange- will you be mine?\gold- i wanna be your <propfirst>  smile \blue- secret message!"
"i can't even do something like this  ? i haven't felt this low in a while  no, i don't want to talk about it, and yes, i'll be fine  \eventually anyways "
beautiful lips speak kind words 
"rest in peace, grandpa   love "
"when you're in love, no one will ever see them the way you do "
trolololol
"everyone thinks your eyes are filled with happiness, love and joy \  \if they stared a little longer they'd notice the cold, dead, emptiness of your soul that i see "
"everything has beauty, it just takes the right eyes to see it "
"yep, there is marksmanship practice tomorrow morning "
"welp, i don't get a day off work until sunday  don't bother asking if i can <propfemale> out  i also work v-day, too  ah well, not like it mattered to me "
"<propmale> tell just what you want, you don't want to be alone "
"i want a day off  i'm sick, and i haven't had a day off in a week, and so far my next day off is next sunday  my body is so weak right now  i wanna crawl back in bed"
can't do <propfirst> shit right 
i'm well aware it looks like i've never slept a day in my life  please stop pointing it out   sad 
just got a three dollar tip   laugh 
"so, i asked \can you read what's in my heart?\"""""
"c'mon pops, it's time to go to rainbow land!\ - <propfirst> """
off to shoot the comp now  wish me luck 
"yes, once again i'm aware i look like i haven't slept in two weeks  please stop telling me i look tired   annoyed "
"so stressed, so sick, so much homework and so tired  i'm tired of everything! i can't wait until the only kind of stress i have will be college homework and work "
sorry i'm not perfect  i can't control my stress as well as you can  there's only so much i can handle and i'm defiantly stretched past my limit 
someone should come to subway on 60 and cheer me up 
your eyes speak louder than your fake lips 
"so, apparently there's this chef at fuji's named <propfirst> according to my mom  i don't understand why an asian born in his native country would be named <propfirst>  this made me headshake "
just got home and now time to cram in a few hours of homework before i can sleep!
"everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb  a tree, it will believe it's stupid for the rest of it's life  - <propfirst> enstien"
"playing some tales of symphonia right now, waiting for <propfirst> to come stay the night, then to paint! hood day   love "
someone -anyone come visit me at work please 
how many times will i break before i shatter?
"if you want to be happy, don't count on others to do it for you "
i see past that smile; your eyes tell me everything 
 indecision  i guess i can predict the future  go figure! i knew this would happen  thank you so very muuuuccch 
"sitting at home, wishing i was at great grandpa's memorial with all my family  i wish i could've gone with them  "
i don't like being alone 
"everything has beauty, it just takes the right eyes to see it \  love ;"
"wants bdubs tonight, anyone else?"
"you're not real and you can't see me, but somehow now you're everybody's fool "
wants to go to the carnival tonight 
someone go to the carnival with me!  frowny 
forgotten memories are the worst kind to have 
guh  i hate being this sickly  staying home and trying to get better after getting worse after work yesterday  might as well clean my room up some later
just got a 5 dollar tip    smile  people's kindness is amazing 
does not like this weather 
nope  i don't give a damn anymore screw you too 
"if my voice could reach into the past, i'd whisper in your ear, oh darling i wish you were here "
"thank you all that gave me birthday wife's! it was a food birthday, even with all the internal drama   playful  tounge pierced now! time to go buy cigarettes! (no, mom, i'm not smoking)"
<propfemale> harbor is so depressing   annoyed  but i still love this movie!
"chillin' at the librairy, doing homework  i think i found a new place for me   smile "
someone bring me a jacket?  sad  it's cold in here 
"wooow  shit! i just worked 12 freakin' hours, even with a break  phew "
so tell me how that you can swim with ropes wrapped around your limbs?
