35d18830fe086865d1185b1d232ecf2b
"everybody wants happiness,\nobody wants pain,\but you cant have a rainbow,\without a little rain "
"casino tonight  ? jelly beans hmmm, pepsi, chips and salsa ya im hungry lol"
off to make home made cake batter ice cream
"to wait for something to happen, or to make something happen  hmm"
interesting day nite i must say 
"people ask the difference between a leader and a boss  the leader works in the open, and the boss in covert  the leader leads, and the boss drives"
tonight we bowl   text it 
make that $$$$
transformers 3 come out alreadyy
goooo greeennn!!
goood night  smile 
the 2011 lfa lexus is sooooo sexxyyyy
"you know gaga, trust like a mirror, you can fix it if its broke  but you can still see the crack i that mother ****** reflection"
global warminggg is comingg
hit me with a text 
"good luck <propmale>, ifc crew that showed up to wish <propmale> his good bye good time for sure  tonight "
take me out to the ball gamee  batter uppp text me 
gooo celticss!!
greatt nightt beside the lakers park eghh lol  smile 
doll  smile 
lets step it up celtics! all or nothing tonight!!!
whattt a long night! eghh  
"wowww longgg nite tonight, this weekend ifc is going to get rock'd"
eghh off to work lol
today was amazing  smile 
offf to work yayyy lol
"cell phones are over rated, you need to get a hold of me call the house phone lol"
off to work yayy
shoooooooootttttt  lol
all you can eat hooters tomorrow anyonee???
i got my toes in the water **** in the sandnot a worry in the world a cold beer in my handlife is good today life is good today
hooters on tuesday all you can eat wings whos down to throw down!!???
i got my phone back so people hit me up  
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes\hate in my heart, love in my mind"
hot tub and otter pops ya yaaa
"all ifc people clean uniform and names tags for tomorrow thanks lol,  smile "
"depressed lol, found somthing i wanted jumped all over it and guess what its solddd errr lol hate but love craigslist lol"
1 9 7 0   c h e v e l l e
jury duty in the am sooo gay!
"new oil, fresh brakes, bleed brakes carb tunning, decent day for today  smile "
happy birthday to me yayyy lol thanks for the love everyone  smile 
toy story 3 good movie
"gotta love when you buy a part and it as simple as 1,2,3  smile "
"its <propfemale> hott, so hottt"
"beat from the gym, time to eat dinner then go out "
hit me with a text    lol
showering then what to do 
the world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning
looking for a 454  smile 
tomorrow picking up my ss wheels for the chevelle ya ya  smile 
"gym in the am, then beach anyone?!"
welll off to the beach then a nice dinner down there ya ya 
"bed time, gym in am "
gym worked me today eghh lol
"i can <propfemale> in to hold you, or act like i don’t even know you\seems like you could care less either way"
who you are is not who you've been
hooters all you can eattt ya ya yaa
if you could do it all over would you?
pop tart  smile  yummmyyy
bed time gym in the am 
"needs a watch, anyone have an idea   no cheap sizzlee "
"work,taco <propfemale>, spa "
tomorrow be epic  smile 
"friends are like jello, you always have room for more  lol"
last night what a night!
dye my hair black and do a rock <propfemale> look ? egh i dont know lol i might look too white lol
"\hit me with a text\"""""
i want a pop tart !!
hootterrrrsssss!!!!
game over 
"it's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want "
"\man i feel like money\"""""
q sad an you see yourself with a girl like me?                                                               a:i can see us hanging out soon 
"q and a game     is fun    ask me something in my inbox, some might get skipped but responded back privately lol"
"q: are you seeing anyone?                                                                                          a: no, i keep my options open, tell i find a keeper "
q:what is the girliest movie that has ever made you cry?  smile                                          a:hmmm notebook i got teary eye'd
later fb see ya in a couple weeks 
going on 24 hours of no sleep lol x]
starbucks yep yep yummmyy this time of year 
soooo stupid! nite fb
heat at cavaliers @ 6 dont wanna miss it! go heat! lebron good luck lol
"from now until december 7th, change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against violence to children"
"i don’t know what the key to success is, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone \\nite fb"
"people put walls up, not to keep people out, but too see if you have what it takes to get to the other side \\ifc crew killed it tonight on another note, nite fb"
thinking beach tomorrow yep yep 
"most people fall in love with the idea love, and not realize there not really in love "
"#88 beer pong champs, soft heart, great smile, glad were haning out more hot tub soon again lol!"
#323 always have been there for me have seen some crazy stuff and have seen my good and my bad side culinary <propmale> for life y0  smile 
#344- its been a long time but high school i got to know you decntly and your a great girl and are stronge willed  hope to <propfemale> out with you soon to catch up sometime 
"it's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want, but ill push on as there more to life then you know "
"#3 high school we were goofs lol on and off like, but i will say this you were my first kiss and was smoknig hott, loved your laugh and your smile "
#80 someone i wish i could have gotten to know alittle bit better  wink  but now ill never know 
"well off to do the dirty, workk "
"the safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket \lol"
starbucks yep yep
"life is about creating yourself, not finding yourself "
"in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life, it goes on "
negitive will always out weigh the positive  eghh
ok let's just keep pushing gas prices up during the holidays eghh!
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass    it's about learning to dance in the rain 
christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts  smile 
how lucky i am to have known someone who was so hard to say goodbye to 
"if you're going out with someone new\i'm going out with someone too\i won't feel sorry for me, i'm getting drunk\but i'd much rather be somewhere with you"
off to my normal tuesday spot nite   smile 
"my new year's resolution \1  no more soda pop\2  stop texting and driving\3  gym 3 times a week "
"new year= new toys, new people, a new start "
"tonights the nite, it's all in the past "
snow day at my  house yaa yaaa  smile 
"drifting in the snow can be fun, i saw a big bowl turn and went for it went one way then the other  smile "
"ahhh tonight so sick and funny, if you only knew  nite fb"
now what does <propmale> do on tuesday? lol
"yeah, uh huh, you know what it is\everything i do, i do it big\yeah, uh huh, screamin' that's nothin'\when i pulled off the lot, that's stuntin'"
it feels soooo good out side tonight!
"what a horrible day today has start off to be, truck broken into everything goneee me sad needing tomorrow off "
gunna bust 007 on someones ass tomorrow!
so i bought a gun!!
"movie, popcorn, pepsi, text me "
"i'm cruisin' on the road of life, but i need a passenger "
"killer game! steelers sorta game them the game with the turn overs   half time show was bad ass, over all great game and im out 50 bucks lol"
"today is tuesday, today is tuesday, today is hooterss, all you can eatt t"
