5ed5ae0734290d9a6a2be412dbe593c0
is baking cookies for all the boosters up here!
just learned how to become a human weapon thanks to an instructional dvd 
(the human weapon) spent her morning shoveling dirt 
(the human weapon) got some smoking hot deals garage saleing this morning!
thinks her baking soda toothpaste tastes like the sheep barn at the fair 
is at the island county fair!
has blackberry stained fingers 
"is trying to get out of the house to the grocery store   well, not trying too hard, obviously "
is making zucchini bread from summer squash   can you do that?
"just found her old ipod, one of the old school, original gangsta ones!"
just made her first homemade pasta!  sooo exciting!!!
"is finding out that her new hotub isn't near as \free\"" as she thought   turns out you can't just add some water and plug it in!"""
is making applesauce and toasting hazelnuts!
just found the remains of a coffee bean in <propfirst>'s teeth   the next hour or so should be real fun 
just got a new dog!  he is a guide-dog-for-the-blind flunk out   good news = he is very well behaved   bad news = his name is <propfirst> 
"house is quiet   kids asleep, <propfirst> is helping the neighbor pull a dead deer out of his yard   man i love silence "
"when picking up dog poo in the yard, i have learned that it is much easier to find it all if you take your toddler with you   or do it barefoot "
"i found a ring in my living room carpet that wasn't there the last time i vaccuumed (sp?) so if anyone lost a ring here in the last 6 mos or so, give me a call!"
thankful for an extra half hour this morning to read the ol' biblio!
"after 3 years of the same tv, i just found out it has picture-in-picture!  (baby <propfemale> got ahold of the remote)  this is like my birthday come early!"
what would cause a child to fill the dog's water with said dog's pooh?
"sooooo   i have been telling people all year that i am 34, but it turns out that i have been 33 and only just now am 34   what kind of luck is that?"
first night in canada!  peachland on lake okonogan   i am exhausted and apparantly the kids are not 
"first cell service internet civilization in days!  whitehorse, canada and big plans for a shower tonight!"
"north pole!  that's right, we spent the night in the north pole at <propfemale>'s house! (rv park)"
"finally moved in to our new apartment!  now, if i could only get internet outside of mcdonald's free wifi!"
beautiful day at the chena hotsprings!  then the truck caught fire on the way home and the kids screamed in the tow truck all the way back to our apt   biking to church tomorrow 
"i have found that if you force children to eat mcdonalds, they eventually like it!  i am ashamed that i know this "
"home internet, thy name is heaven!  sorry mcy dinglhoochey, you will get no more of my money for a small fries and cup of water "
"sunburned!  curse you , beautiful weather, that lures me outside only to punish my tender flesh!"
we just got back from visiting daddy's plane at the ak smkj base   and i found out that i used to jump!  i completely forgot!
in denali!  that's right! the most beautiful mountain town on the edge of a national park with 2 babies that need naps every 5 minutes and to be carried everywhere   and i left my phone on the train 
rachel: \jack," you are a good boy \""\"5ed5ae0734290d9a6a2be412dbe593c0,"how is it that lost is over, and yet life continues?"
"it is only 12:15!?  in the afternoon, and not midnight!?  man, my coffee must be broken "
"to bed at midnight, up @ 5 smile 0   thank you <propfemale> "
"fairbanks smells beautifully like smoke!  the wonderful smell and a soft bed at night, the best of both worlds!"
"why is it that the kids are not interested in eating anything unless i am screaming \no no no!  don't put that in your mouth!!  no!!  spit that out!  icky icky garbage!!  no!  no! no!\"""""
just sprained her ankle at the mcdonald's playland 
homemade almond joy!  mmmmm   (5lbs)  munch  crunch  (10 lbs)    gulp  (15 lbs)   
"after 3 years of no running, i just finished the midnight sun run 10k (actually 6 5 <propmale>) in 1 surprise 6!!!!!!  i am feeling really good about myself!!!!!  no guarantee how i will be feeling tomorrow   but i have a sneaky suspicion it won't be even close to good "
holy cow!  i now remember why i haven't run for 3 yrs!  why did i do that?
just lost the will to live   stupid ghana 
is now an official card carrying member of the turtle club!  are you a turtle?
you will not believe what i just had to scrub out of the carpet   thanks alot <propfirst> 
buzzing oven timer   emily screaming   milk spilling   poopy diapers   hot flash      serenity now!  serenity now!
flying home in one week!  bittersweet really   bitter because of the 5 hour plane ride with the kids by myself   sweet because i put some <propfirst> mouse clubhouse on the zune for them to watch!
"my claim to fame: married to the man who dropped the jumpers on the fire caused by a plane crash in denali!  morbid, yes   but fame none the less "
i would love to invite you guys over for lunch!  we have some food that we need to get rid of before we leave tomorrow and i could use some help!  12 surprise 0 or so?
"last minute packing, and a 5 hour flight home!"
"washington!  i am home!  3 hours of sleep, but it doesn't seem to be slowing the kids down!"
"ok, not twisp home, but wenatchee (mom's) home   it has free 24-7 babysitting! and cousins to play with, and tricycles to ride   "
"east wenatchee sushi, look out!  mommy's go the night off!"
hubby is still in alaska!  the fam is missing him big time!
"if you spell <propmale> <propmale> in scrabble, you win     forever "
"home!!!  we are home!  not completely unpacked, mind you, but home!"
still trying to recover from last weeks overnighter to scatter creek   i think i broke a toe!
"fully recovered from our 2nd annual apple cider pressing weekend!  45 gallons!  and 1 gallon of prune juice, or \liquid gold\"" as i like to call it """
"just saw \the other guys\""   awesome   definately will ferrill's finest """
goodnews = i think that i just lost 10 lbs!  bad news = it was mostly the skin off my knuckles while helping mom and <propfirst> roof thier house 
<propfemale> painted for the first time this morning!  her toys with her yogurt 
\of course i can fly an airplane!  \,5ed5ae0734290d9a6a2be412dbe593c0,"so, we got a cat   orange tabby, abandoned, found and pawned off on us   he came with a litter box and half full bag of jonny cat litter   hence his name - jonny cat "
"the kids just flew with daddy for the first time!  we had a birthday party for <propfirst> today, and flew around for the afternoon!  and i forgot my camera "
"<propfirst>, at age 3 yrs has graduated from calling me \mommy\"" to calling me \""mom\""   \""mommy\"" is for babies """
"have been using homeopathic, natural stress relief liquid drops for a couple weeks   just found out they were for my dog   which e playful lains why they didn't work   and the taste "
snow is slowly melting!  spent the morning in the sunshine out cleaning up the yard!  and i think we could get by feeding our dog alot less 
