714a5e22686111ebd252d75415ad9191
blah
bored    off work tomorrow though
just got done working out    now i get to relax!
car is sick     hopefully it will feel better soon and not cost alot
"who's playing farmville, i need more neighbors!"
"going home to go to sleep  long day at work  house is coming along well, a few things need to be fixed but its not done yet  so hopefully i won't have to yell when it is done  22 days left "
just confirmed my closing date on my house  septemeber 30 at 11 a m 
is everyone sick! i hope you all feel better!
21 more days  hopefully the house will be done buy then 
wake <propmale> won! 24-17
i need farmville neighbors  won't you be my neighbor? lol
8 days until we close on our house 
"gone to clean the car and my dress shirt, then to get an oil change  leaving for ny in the morning  then closing on the house next week "
had fun at the wedding  long drive back in the morning  3 days until close on the house 
moved in to new house  so happy!
first night was great  slept well 
sitting at home  bored 
watching the fast and the furious on fx!
fair tonight with friends!  smile 
"saw a huge horse at the fair, 18 1 hands and 2100 pounds"
work at 4     sad  no more vacations
let go yankees!
yankee game tonight! 7 smile 0 pm
such a bad night to be a yankee fan  come on do something!
let's go yankees!!!
come on yankees!
bed    have to wake up at 7    woo hoo!
"not feeling good  i think im getting sick, i need to feel better!"
lets go yankees!!! just a few more outs!
bed then work in the morning! night!
long day at work    now time to relax and then work at 9am tomorrow! yay not!
"what's on your mind?the facebook trick: press up, up, down down, left, right, left, right, b, a,enter key then left click and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of it is to log off or refresh the page   it will work! if you do it right put this as your status if it works "
going to go work! be back later!
going to sleep soon! work is going to be awesome at 4 smile 0am
wake <propmale> offs number 16 gonzaga! wake <propmale> 77 gonzaga 75
110 dollars out the door just locked myself out of the house      sad 
this is what i wanted for christmas! alot of snow!
just got home from dinner! wow too much wine! work at 9am
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope you all get everything you want!
good night everyone!
who forgot to pay the heating <propmale> outside?
can you believe that subway is worsse for you than mcdonald's    
so my blackberry got washed today  no phone  sad  if you need me call <propfemale>
"first day with my new iphone 3gs, i like it alot so far  but i hate that my blackberry had to be washed and i lost all my <propfirst>  r i p blackberry curve"
long day! tired and hungry  what to make for dinner   
don't take life too seriously  you'll never escape it alive anyway!
do not follow where the path may lead  go instead where there is no path and leave a trail 
going to go workout then to pick up <propfemale>
p90x just kicked my ass wow im going to be sore in the morning!
thank you everyone for the happy birthday wishes yesterday!
done with p90x for the day work at 1
good morning everyone
"worked on two decks today, beautiful day to be outside though couldn't ask for more! sitting here waiting on <propfemale> the home for p90x then to relax "
long day on a deck in the sun    not laying on it     staining it! out with my baby and friends woo hoo
home at last    hitting the bed have to clean a deck in the morning then work in the afternoon  what good day it's going to be!
sniffle sniffle cough cough
painting the wall the color    iced tea
had lots of fun tonight!
long night laying in bed trying figure the fence out work in the am
 sad 
look there is a pizza place right across the street!
"long day, getting really excited about the golf tournament tomorrow!"
"gave tiger a \high five\"" at the tournament today  too bad he did horrible maybe next time """
"sitting on a deck in <propmale>, it's hot today!"
i watched you change   
"i have decided to not use bp gas until they fix the problem in the gulf, no bp gas in my gas tank!"
the game of things is a great but bad game
rain rain go away so i can make some money today!
"i saw \the karate kid\"" tonight (special screening)  it was awesome! i would recommend anyone to go see it when it opens next week """
bbq chicken on the grill was awesome   
job interview tomorrow!
i start this sunday!
my first as an employee at golf usa
my first day was great!
"did you hear they closed the oil leak in the gulf? yeh, i heard they put a wedding rin on it and it just stop putting out!"
home from a long day at work time to relax until the morning
laying in bed    tired and don't feel good 
sitting on a hot deck in moorsville
"i look into their eyes, shake their hand, <propfirst> their back, and wish them luck, but i am thinking, ‘i am going to bury you ’"
"i look into their eyes, take off your hat, shake their hand, and wish them luck, but you know that you are sitting here thinking, \i am going to bury you \"""""
good night at the driving range  practice makes almost perfect right? going to bed with my baby 
long day    on my way home 
too early!
tosh o was great tonight always a good laugh!
it's so fluffy!
can't get enough of the big bang theory!
"played golf at the pits in pinehurst today, golf game is coming back to me buy all in all played very well "
"the way to happiness - believe in yourself, love others, reach for your dreams, always think positively & keep your head high"
"just got done working out, shower then bed "
conquer your fear and your weakness   reclaim your courage and your strength 
look what i can do! haha
"isn't it funny how they say \life is like a box of chocolates\""? well in \",714a5e22686111ebd252d75415ad9191,has anyone seen the new season to american choppers?
whats up?
never ending pasta bowls at <propfemale> garden are awesome
arjun atwal is the new wyndaham champion at 20 under par
 sad 
please tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes
phrase of the day:  rolling dude heavy!
"ok\ time for me to have some fun with this question game!! send me a \question in my inbox and i'll answer it on my status      anonymously \and honestly"
wish my head would stop aching  sad 
"there's a fine line between wrong and visionary  unfortunately, you have to be a visionary to see it "
oh <propfirst>     if only i could control everyone the way i control you     hop! you little plumber! hop! hop! hop!
"if ifs and buts were candies and nuts,  we would all have a <propfemale> christmas "
"that's no reason to cry  one cries because one is sad  for example, i cry because others are stupid, and it makes me sad "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
enjoying a nice full beer 
next three days off woo hoo!
"tonight at 10 on history channel, the starts a new season of \top shot\"" and my cousin <propfirst> tilley will be on it!"""
happy birthday to me! haha
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes
change your profile picture and post a picture of your favorite pet or animal     the idea is not see human images on facebook until february 28th to work with the campaign against animal abuse  copy and paste this!
"worked in the yard today, planted some flowers and put mulch down  man    i'm tired"
"life has handed me a fare share of lemons  i have decided to make grape juice with them, then stand back and watch everyone wonder how the hell i did it  "
i'm bored  time to throw couch cushions on the floor and pretend they are the only thing that will keep me from touching the lava 
one way to stay sane: sit in parked a car with sunglasses on and point a hairdryer at passing cars and see if they slow down 
