49d4772d6bd47caddcf214e021e8c7a6
summer annoyed ove 
is so tired of people 
"hates mondays, and could really use some sunshine "
does not want to be at work   annoyed 
"hey god, please reschedule this rain   smile "
is glad the sun is shining again 
"today is the first day of the rest of my life, and i'm alive "
really needs to start over 
is in real need of a weekend 
she didn't come home   
gets to see jordaaaaaan and smashley this weekend   smile 
"whatever, i do what i want!"
"where'd you go, i miss you so "
"is thankful for life, and family   smile "
ready to try out my mad snowmobiling skills   smile 
"aint no such thing as to fast, to <propmale>, and to hotttttt "
you turned my frown upside down and now my worries are gone 
"is just so content with everything  thank you jesus for family, friends, health, and a job   smile "
"made a super danko breakfeast  eggs, bacon, hasbrowns, and pancakes  mmmmhmm   wink "
fully understands the concept of why you should wear a hard hat on a construction site  
very much consumed in the christmas rush 
christmas should not always be so tense  annoyed   have no e playful ectations and have no let downs  <propfemale> christmas everyone 
has to bum around on crutches! i guess i can't fly  
"arg, i have the worst luck   sad "
"man, i love eating little piggies   smile "
"has come so far, and is never looking back "
is sipping or maaaybe chugging on some cooers  oh yes   smile  whats with colors?
black  just like my soul  muahaha 
"man, this is a long day  ready to get my drink on  cherrrrrry bombs?  smile "
makin' some biscuits and gravy   smile 
"has myself a large cup of coffee, and is going to stay positive   smile "
a little bit of you makes life alright 
maaaaaybe her water broke? ahh  we love you baby <propfirst>   smile 
oh man  thank goodness its friday  definitely sleeping in tomorrow   smile 
life is good   smile 
is missing the month of october  what happpppenend?
"new year, new people, new places  i'm so ready for this  &hearts;"
on a better note; baby <propfirst> is on his way  for real this time   laugh 
hello baby <propfirst>  welcome to my world; you will now make us complete  &hearts;
"great day  yes, i'd say so   smile "
"eeyyy, it don't matter "
"one <propfemale>, two <propfemale>, three <propfemale>, wheres <propfirst> at?  smile "
its 97 degrees in my house and it feels soooooo wonderful   laugh 
"if i ain't got nothin', i got nothin' to hold me back "
you get whatcha get and you make the best of it 
"listening to classical music, writing an essay, staring at baby <propfirst>   smile "
"dance like no one is watching, jump like you have wings, smile like your looking at the most beautiful boy, and live like your not scared of whats coming next  don't let yesterdays trials be todays setback "
"wow, and just when you thought you had already hit rock bottom  fml "
"when the sun shines, and you got the bestest friends, life is pretty all right   smile "
hows that chocolate tasting? did you see they were trying to take my chocolate!? who? those <propmale> nazis   but i told them whats what and ate it anyway   smile 
whoaaa; dance next week  better come watch   wink 
wishes the sunshine would come out and melt all the snow  i think my car is in serious need of a wax job!
"please lift up my mom in prayer, she is really having a hard time breathing    and things are really starting to look bad   sad "
"okay, so i realize i will always be second best "
granola&hearts;  smile 
sh-sh-shake it babayy  &hearts;  wink 
is diggin' the element of suprise 
"coffee, coconut, milk, and orange juice alltogether  who'da thought  mmmmm   smile "
is being such a slacker today  boo!
has no reason to complain  i'm so blessed  i just need an attitude adjustment or maybe a swift kick in the ass  hah 
"just run with me, i could take you so far "
"i get knocked down, but i get up again  (-:"
"man, thats rough  rip newman   sad "
great weekend  i'm so loving this awesome weather  i hope it sticks   smile 
"man, i feel awesome! haha   laugh "
"man, sometimes i really wish i lived closer to town  i feel like doing something !"
today was a great day! starting to think about the weekend     wink 
!!! this not being able to sleep thing is just not an option   sad 
"man, i feel rough  so damn tired, and my knees, ass, and back hurt  i think a cup of coffee is in order   smile "
weekend+cherry bombs=get wild   wink 
"mmm, yes   smile "
"i'm feelin' like a <propfemale>, you cant stop my shine   wink "
"is aware of every muscle in my body  ughhh, i'm so damn sore   sad "
ne plus ultra   love  love  love  wink 
is headed to florida in the morning   smile 
"is fried like a lobster!; but, i lovvveee flo-rida   smile "
"man, i was dreaming some weird dreams   haha  gonna make some breakfeast and chill by the pool   smile "
"is diggin' on the swishers   smile  don't really wanna come home, but boyyy i miss you "
had a lovely weekend  its good to be home   smile 
"\and you just never know when your heart is gonna go pitter patter \""  smile """
hottub comes today and my <propfemale> comes friday  so ready for the weekend yo   smile 
tgif  all i want to do is sleep 
"had fun with chaaaaarlie  but man, the weekend flew by "
just ordered wheels for my car  soooo excited   smile 
fucking obama  piece of shit  i do not want to pay some 40% of my paycheck into healthcare that i'm never going to use 
"mom - \get me some business in here \"" me- well what do you want me to do? mom - \""go stand on the corner in your bikini \"" me- \""uhhh whaaaat? we don't have corners in the yaak  \"""""
is wondering how the most perfect guy was right in front of my eyes and i never noticed until now    i suppose everything is in perfect timing   love 
"is worried that i'm worried  meh, i'll just drink a <propfemale> bomb cause \it don't matter!\"""""
"be loved but never love, attach but never combine, trip but never fall, to be broken is better than shattered, tell him of your strength but never of your past,  be trustworthy but never trust, and be cracked but never open "
nothing is ever what it seems  can't wait to get the hell out of this place 
"sooo if anyone has a graphing calculator i can borrow, pleeeeeeease let me know  text me 2915681  thanks man   smile "
mother fucker  fuck me  buttt thank you <propmale> for your help  your my hero   wink 
85% of the battle is getting yourself there 
my ears feel    hot   indecision 
"arg, pointless    "
"oh yeah, well my boyfriend drives 36 <propmale> to put a flower on my car   love  smile "
"stand up for something, or you'll fall for anything "
420 love  anddd <propfirst> is 3 months today  my little loverbug is growing so fast   smile 
is actually getting a little excited for my birthday   smile 
"this day is taking forever to end  ugh, five o'clock please come soon "
best birthday yet   smile 
"god <propmale> me the serenity to accept  the things i cant change, courage to change the things i can, and the  wisdom to know the difference   man, i have such a busy week ahead of me  i just want some sleeeeep "
i feel so ridicilously terrible 
thanks for all the birthday wishes   smile 
"man, i am so blessed  i have the best family, friends, and boyfriend i could ever ask for  life is goooooood  love "
"hm, bummer "
maybe its just the weather    
moyie  get muddy   wink  love 
sucessfully stayed outta trouble at the mud bogs   smile 
apparently sounds like an old man  i don't wanna be sick anymore!  sad 
"kindof a frustrating day  lord, please help my car not to cost a million dollars, and thank you so much for blessing me with such a wonderful boyfriend who lends me his truck   smile  love "
"god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy "
"if you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever  is that good news?"
"if there is a question about my intentions i'll tell ya, i'm not here to sell ya, or tell you to go to hell, i'm not a brat like that \\i'm like a puzzle but all of my pieces are jagged, if you can understand this we can make some magic, i'm wrong like that "
has been bit by the travel bug!  wink  who wants to go roadtrippin'?
"mmm, in a state of twitterpaition   smile "
"trust is like a piece of paper, once its crumpled it can't be perfect "
just kindof feels like crying   and i dont cry  !@#$%^&*
"feeling alot better today  i'm sooooo glad my family is finally home  i missed them  also, going to get everything i was stressing over wrapped up  plus five days off work and some sunshine! oh yeah, and drinking a coconut coffee out of my new super duper 20 oz hawaii coffee cup   wink "
so glad for a three day weekend  i'm pretty sure i'm just staying in my bed all day tomorrow   smile 
"if you want it, you got it  baby bend me, break me, anyway you need me "
freedom doesn't come cheap 
"is looking at houses this weekend!! ah, so excited to start a new chapter   smile "
"haha, i love missoula!!  smile "
what a wild time for a tuesday night and sleeeeeping on the porch isn't so bad   playful 
really really wants to go to dance tonight 
"anything worth having, doesn't come easy "
"this weekend was a great kickoff to summer  dancing on the bonners stage rocked, lights, camera, action   wink "
"<propfemale> glad all the boys are coming back  ready to really get this summer started  hot like mexico, rejoyce "
"what a lovely day  no other people i would have rather spent my day with  got a schweeeet tassle, and seen a baby bear   smile "
"i've never been much for gambling, especially with my heart "
"had a good productive weekend at home  i'm exictied for the carnvial next weekend, should be good stuff   smile "
i really really want some naked baby pictures with <propfirst>!  smile 
"<propfirst> is signing the lease for our duplex tomorrow  sooooooo excited  its the most perfect place, i can't wait to move in   smile "
"tfig! washed, and waxed the car, lookin' fly   smile  now its time for some good crazy fun "
"what a fantastic weekend; summer is definitely here, and i'm lookin' brown   smile "
sometimes it takes losing what you had to realize what you lost 
i'm thinking that 60% of my liquid intake shouldn't be caffiene  but it makes me feel soooo good  mmm coffee   love   smile 
is getting a fancy blackberry storm  i hope i don't break it!     smile 
so tired of website work  i wanna be outside in the sunshine !
"after tons of work this weekend, and lots of help from my wonderful boyfriend, i'm spending my very first night in my cabin  wooo!  smile "
"so tired, and sooo much to do before the weekend "
"tgif! gonna wash and wax the boat, and drink some beers   smile "
its pretty good to be me   smile 
"i'm gonna design, and sew myself a dress   from scratch, without a pattern  should be fun   smile "
"man, i sure wish i had some clam chowder soup! i guess tomato will have to do "
what a beautiful day for a thunderstorm 
"got a whole 12 5 hours of sleep last night, and i feel amazing   smile "
you might think i'm bulletproof; but i'm not 
just ate a big bloody steak  very delicious   smile 
"i want to keep you as my pet to play with and hide under my bed, forever   wink "
"rodeo was a blast, haven't had that much fun in awhile   smile "
i'm awesome   wink 
"man, the weeks are rollin' by "
"oh, i got my wheels spinning   wink "
i have never liked a bad idea so much  tgif; ready for some fun!!
can't believe next weekend is my last weekend here; so bittersweet   i'm gonna miss all my buddies!!  sad 
placed right into probability and statistics for math  no college algebra for me  hell yes!  laugh 
"<propfemale> your moments, they will soon be past memories   love "
is really pissed off right now    breathe   
at oreintation  and rocked both of my placement tests   smile 
i'm on my own 
love zoola town!!
so excited to start my first ever day at school tomorrow   smile 
"eeee, dropped my astronomy class and got nutrition and performance rehearsal classes instead   smile "
"i think 7 am is too early for my math homework  off to dance dance instead   laugh  hate the early mornings, but still love college and my classes   smile "
shiiit  changed my schedule yesterday and totally spaced my nutrition class this morning   angry 
is spending all day in the library so i can finish my homework and party in spokane with the buds for sissy's birthday!  smile 
"had a fantastic time in spokane, good to see the crew  but our limo got pulled over twice, hahaha   smile "
until next time; i'll catch you in my dreams 
this studio makes me want to dance everyday of my life  i just love the arts building   smile 
"weeeeellll, got my math and economics homework done, now i just have to pass my quizzes, and write my speech, and read my nutrition book and      oh i love college "
tgif: happy birthday <propfemale>!!! excited to go out tonight   smile 
is really hoping to find a washer machine today  i have zero clothes to wear   surprise  if anyone in the missoula area knows of any good deals for a set of washer dryers lemme know   smile 
its pretty good to be me   smile 
"so tired today, but the late night chinese and study jam was definitely worth it  glad i found the cool kids around campus  hahah   smile "
"so good to see joush, <propmale>, and even <propmale>  always a recipe for a good time   smile "
"ah, midterms next week already? time flies when your having fun, and just my luck that i would get sick   sad "
got my first college a! woohoo!  smile 
"really beginning to think 18 credits and a job is too much  $%&^, @#*%, #%$*#@$)#%(#%*#$%%#*!!! ah, i can do this   right?"
funny how one phone call can change your whole day !  smile 
"i miss baby <propfirst>! but, definitely still loving college and especially dancing 12 hours a week   smile "
"pretty tired, and cranky, and trying very hard not to take everything so seriously     annoyed "
how the hell is it only wednesday???? %$&!
"and then i remembered, anything worth having doesn't come easy "
"is looking at old pictures, then i'm gonna print out pictures at walmart tomorrow! but seeing all these memories makes me miss everyone alottt  so dear buddies, i haven't forgotten about you, and i miss you lots !  smile "
where is everybody? i wannnna do something!
apparently this was the weekend for popping tires   annoyed 
"things could be alot worse  i'm just thankful to have such wonderful people in my life to help me keep my <propfemale> up  <propfemale> parks, thank you for waking up at 6 in the am to take me to school  your like the coffee to my morning   wink "
i may get to go home this weekend! ahh so excited  i'm gonna squeeeeeeeeeeze <propfirst> bear   love 
"it was great to go home, i really missed my family   smile "
"homework, dance dance, homework, work, dance, dance dance   smile "
"man, i wish i wasn't so sleepy all the time  5 weeks of being sick is really getting old  i gotta get rid of this!"
"i think i'm finally getting over this crazy test anxiety  math test, and economics test today and i'm feelin' goooooood   smile "
"ah, so glad the weekend is finally here!!  smile "
"jammin out drinking coffee, trying to focus on our speeches with <propfemale> parks "
ive gotta stop passing out in the library  
"i feel pretty damn good about my speech presentation this morning, i'm lookin' all professional and cute today, and my brain is doing hw like ten times fast than usual  oh yes, today is a good day   smile "
today is a great day   smile 
"is thinking i should have really taken hunters safety, i wanna shoot me a deer!  wink "
ah yes friday    smile  and my exam was waaaaay easier than i was e playful ecting  today is another good day  i love college 
great weekend   smile 
"bring on november  i'm ready for some days off school, and thanksgiving at the coveys    mmmhmm   smile "
"math exam, then gettin' my buzzz on for halloweeenie  gonna be some good times tonight "
teach me how to dougie 
"actually got alot of homework done today  so glad to have tomorrow off, party tonight, day of the dead tomorrow  have i mentioned i love missoula?  smile "
"if your already paid, i guess you've got it made "
got a 98 on my econ quiz  yess  if only i was that good at math  
"friday, got my paycheck, got my new dance stuff, anddddd <propfemale> covey is coming tonight  plus the sun is shining  today is a fantastic day!"
went shopping with kp and got some fancies   smile 
"damn you university of montana  if you didnt sell more permits than parking spots, maybe people wouldnt need to park in the quick stop  fucking parking tickets  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!"
"oh i miss my mommy! and <propfirst> bear  thanksgiving cannot come quick enough  on a fun note, <propfemale> <propfemale> beck 's piece is going to rock dance up close, hard  come watch us dance dance revolution   smile "
"there's no stars here, i  can't wait to go back to the yaak  definitely got \winter fever\"" booo"""
"is doing my first show for the university's dance department tonight, pretty jazzed   smile "
"has lost all motivation for anything school related besides dancing  ahhh, can it be thanksgiving today?  smile "
"everyone did a great show tonight  sooo much hw to finish, then the cast party tonight  still wishing today was thanksgiving    "
"gonna spend the night cleaning my chrome wheels, and makin my car shine like the <propfemale> it is   smile "
"is gonna present my speech very soon, then play hooky on the rest of my classes and drive home!! sooooooo excited  gonna party like rockstars with <propfemale> covey tonight   smile "
got my a on my speech! woo  i could totally tell i rocked the socks off it this morning   smile 
"oh yes, its great to be home , i had such a wonderful thanksgiving with the covey family  glad i still have a weekend to chillax in the yaak   smile "
"yup, things change "
"feeling alot of big decisions coming on, hopefully christmas break helps to clear my head  in the mean time, finals, finals, finals  ahh "
"pretty sure i rocked that math test  who woulda guessed that people would ask me for help on math  hmmm, i feel the tables have turned   smile "
"jesus, please heal my arm so i don't have to go to the doctors  ideally by thursday so i can dance  amen   smile "
praise jesus because today my arm feels alot better and i can dance with it  now just one more week from tomorrow and i will be back home and done with finals  yeehaw!
oh man    ridiculous   smile  tonights gonna be fun  love you <propfemale> parks  
"has met some good people here, can't believe today is the last day of classes  <propfemale> dunlap thanks for this egganoggin coffee  today will now be a gooooood day   smile "
"busy january, why is everyone gettin vaca but me? dollars? oh yeah sure you betcha   wink "
make your choices wisely  
"today is turning into such a bastard, i will not let a damn dog ruin my holiday  efffffff "
"booked!!! <propmale>, here i come  this is going to be the best new years ever   love   smile  whew "
feels so unbelieveably blessed  i just wish everyone could be so fortunate  <propfemale> christmas eurrone 
"in <propmale>  yeeehaw  this hotel service is amaaaazing  very soon and he will be here  ahhhhh, i'm so ecstatic to be here   smile "
quite positive today is one of the worst days of my life 
maxed to the limit 
god give me the strength  
"this is the first good lookin day i've seen in awhile, should lift the spirits all around   smile "
"for being so kickass at fireplace sales, i sure wish i could start a better fire  its freeeeeeeeezing!"
i'm gonna make some fun these last 9 days here   wink 
tgif!! gonna have a poker cigar night with the crew  yeshh   smile 
lots of unhappy people today  4 days till i'm back home in missoula  it cannot come quick enough 
"boy, for one little girl i sure spend alot of money   "
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
"workin', then headed back to the zoo   smile "
pretty good to be home  can't wait to start my new classes tomorrow   smile 
"donno why i'm so sleepy lately  gotta kick it in gear, got scuba class tonight   wink "
so ready for the weekend  i just wanna party!
"no doubt, people are crazy "
"pretty blessed to have such good people in my life  thanks <propfemale> dunlap for coming out with us, and thanks <propfemale> parks for getting me home safely  so ready to concur this next week   smile "
"i hate computers, and computer homework  on a better note, pretty stoked to see the crew this weekend at hollywood undead!!  smile "
and everytime i think maybe spring will come; it has to snow   sad 
needs some jammin ballet tunes  
is definitely going to florida for spring break  bring on the sunshine!  smile 
"is just <propfemale> sleepy  spring break, hurrrrrrry and get here so i can just lay in the sunshine "
this is the start of something new   smile 
only you can make your dreams come true 
on a jet plane   smile 
"having a good time in florida, but i got fried yesterday at the beach, and i miss my <propfemale> lots and lots and lots, and shopping today, yessss!  smile "
"good to be with <propmale> again, but i'm missing the florida sunshine, and i don't wanna go back to school in the am "
"boy, i hope i get some birthday money, that'd be real cool  hahaha "
this to shall pass 
is feeling    frustrated  what is with these terrible weekends?  annoyed 
has no idea why this online homework doesn't round properly for me! grrrrrr 
birthday party tonight   smile 
i definitely do not miss drinking  no more   annoyed 
is real popular on my birthday   smile  haha  thanks for the birthday wishes everybody 
