2805e2d4a8e61354f7445c1bab85f084
i had a great new years! i got to spend it with a few of my favorite people! the only bad thing is my birthday is in exactly one month from today & i hate getting older!  sad 
im so not having anymore kids    lol
im such a naughty girl sumtimes   lol
im finally single!!!  now i can be the bad girl ive always been!!!
this is goin to be an intresting wkend   cant wait to see how this is gonna end
spendin another saturday nite with my beautiful daughter   shes all i really need anymore!
being single has been the most amazing thing ever   i had forgotten wat it was like   im way tooooo good for that piece of shit guy i call my babydaddy   ha!
finally gettin sum shit done    im so awesome its scary  
im awesome   and sadly ur not  hahaha!
im so excited about this wkend! i cant wait!
yay me!   i amaze myself sumtimes  
thank god for 6-hour power shots! i feel super! lol 
"louisville & kentucky game today! gonna be partyin, cookin out, gonna get wasted!"
not havin the best of days today   but hey thats life right?
ughh people are so effin idiotic sumtimes! i have no time for pettyness! but on another note   im awesome!  smile 
going to the zoo today with my mom and my beautiful daughter! i cant wait to see the polar bears and penguins! lol 
im so morbidly exhausted  im off to bed untill the early morning  
finally   everyone has returned to work and <propfemale> and i have the house to ourselves!
i gots me a job interview today! also the baby daddy is coming over today to see his beautiful daughter   its about damn time!
me & <propfemale> are like 2 peas in a pod !!! i love my babygirl she is my world  
"another day, another headache  ugh i hope i feel better soon "
i love the way i can get my daughter to sleep by singing strawberry wine  she is sooo effin sweet   i love her so much she is truly my best friend 
gettin my hair did today! yay! im so excited about goin bak dark!
im feelin sexay with my new hair color   mmm hmm !!
haha   your dicks loose  i think thats pretty much the greatest thing ive ever heard! my silly 'ol friends  
hmm   last nite was crazy   and not in a good way   not lookin forward to later on tonite 
gotta new perspective on my life   ive realized alota shit 
been havin trouble sleepin lately   ugh   i miss sleepin  
"kinda confused on wat to do on sunday  to see him or not to see him, that is the fuckin question!!!!!"
uh-oh spaghetti o's !!!
its so tiresome being a mommy   but i love every moment of it   smile 
i love the way i amaze myself   hehehe 
another wonderful monday   but im lookin forward to wednsday!
there's alota people i know that are a creation of god when he was high on meth   smile  tehee 
i'm so dope i wanna smoke myself sometimes! yep i said it   go fuck yourself if you disagree!  smile 
blah blah blah   too many douche bag morons in the world   smile 
i'm convinced i have the sweetest most beautimus baby in the world!!!
i just added another person to my list of god's creation <propfemale> he was high on meth  yep   thats rite   smile 
sometimes i jus wanna stab my baby's daddy in the neck with a really sharp object !!!!!!
has anyone seen my mind? ive seemed to have lost it   if you find it please return it to me  there will be a cash reward    smile 
"if i wasnt tryna better myself as a person, sum bitches would be gettin hit "
you know your a mommy when you start singing songs from cartoons to yourself  handy manny jus wont get outta my head! lol 
i know exactly the game he's playin   so not cool 
really gettin sick & fuckin tired of my <propfemale> not being appreciated & ignored!!! she deserves so much better than that 
im feelin alot better today  hopefully tommorow i will feel even better cuz me and my <propfemale> got sum plans tommorow   its gonna be sooooo fun! <propfemale> is all i need and im all <propfemale> needs  we are 2 peas in a pod! lol 
is it weird that i sniff guys necks to see if their a good mate for me? i think i might've found a good one tonite    smile 
i have a feelin im gonna be sniffin alota guys necks tonite  i cant wait! lol 
so ive decided to stay home tonite cuz <propfemale> isnt feelin well and im not 100% either   hopefully my babygirl will feel better soon 
"its so amazing to me how when i finally decide to better myself as a person, the people who complained the most dont appreciate my changes, they only try to destroy what ive accomplished, like they never wanted me to better myself in the first place  well im sorry   but this time nobody is gonna interfere with my life anymore!"
"god put you in it, and god will get you through it "
"god determines who walks into your life, but then its up to you who you let walk away, who you let stay, and who you refuse to let go "
<propfemale> gets to see her daddy today! i jus wish she could be with him more often   sad 
"confused, irritated, and a few other things  "
"when you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts  a mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child "
"kinda in a blue mood today, and my <propfemale> is the only one whos been able to put a smile on my face today  "
ugh   once again im annoyed! its a full <propfemale> outside   i think that has something to do with it  
"gotta bizzy day today! <propfemale> is gonna be off her normal schedule, so now shes not gonna be a happy camper today!  sad "
been one crazy day    im glad its almost over 
"\ever has it been that love knows not its on depth untill the hour of seperation \"" yeah only a few people will be able to understand that quote   """
"some people are jus so fuckin sad and make theirselves out to be something that they are so not  but i know the truth, but no longer am i gonna say a god damn thing about it cuz it wont change anything anyways!!!!"
"\in 3 words i can sum up what ive learned about life: it goes on !!!\"""""
ahh mondays   the only thing good about them is i get to spend the entire day alone with my daughter and thats how i like it!
"here is the best way to deal with life    take it one day at a time, embrace the challenges you face with a open heart and steady determination, and let god help you with the rest    because god put you in it, and god will get you through it "
"nobody falls in love by choice, its by <propmale>  nobody stays in love by <propmale>, its by work  nobody falls out of love by <propmale>, its by choice "
<propfemale> has her 6 month doc appt today! i know her doc will be most impressed cuz <propfemale> is perfect!  smile 
"i have faith that no matter wat is thrown my way, i can and will make it through, cuz god wouldnt put me in any situation that i couldnt handle  "
"strength doesnt come from winning   its the struggles that develop your strengths  but just remember, when one thing comes to an end there is always a new beginning just around the corner "
hold on a minute    ok i pulled the knife outta my back   now wat were you saying?
everything happens for a reason   i jus wish i had an e playful lanation for the painful moments  
finally! i got things figured out! yay me! everyone should be proud of me! yep!  smile 
"what happens in life, jus happens   and theres nothin you can do to prevent it  so jus let the pieces fall where they may  "
so tommorow im gonna be pretty much non-exsistant to the world   
so i got all 4 my wisdom teeth cut out plus another random one   so 5 teeth in total   thank god for percocets!!!! lol 
im glad its friday & almost the wkend   jus too bad i wont be able to enjoy it like i wanted to!  sad 
"sometimes you jus need to let shit go and let happen wat you cant prevent  cuz even tho wat your goin thru now is torture, ive learned that eventually the wounds do heal, and everything will be okay in the end  stayin strong is the key to happiness "
so theres a few select people i would enjoy punching in their throats!!! but on another note   i am workin on my anger issues and i think im doin quite well  smile 
"apparently, according to my brother,  my new nickname is \domestic violence\""  wtf   lol """
blah blah blah    thats all im really hearing today   
ive been sucha naughty girl today    im jus simply a filthy hot mess!  wink 
"treat me like im the only girl in the world, like im the only girl you'll ever love  "
omg    i have never been so hungover in my life!!! but from wat i remember   last nite was awesome!!!!!!!  smile 
ive never felt so lazy in my life   the effects from friday must still be around! lol 
just put your big boy pants on & shut the fuck up   
"im being forced to do something i never wanted to do   i never wanted things to be this way, nor did i ever think things would turn out this way  im honestly sorry from the bottom of my heart    my daughter is my life, and i want her to have the happiest life possible so i have to do wat i have to do   "
tomm is court over <propfemale>   really not lookin forward to it  i wish things coulda been different 
"time heals all, & heels hurt to walk in!"
"besides sumone doin a hit and run on my car, everything went better than e playful ected  all it takes is time and <propfemale>   if u want sumthing bad enuff, baby steps is wat it takes   well that's wat i've been told neways "
i'm craving steak fajita nachos   think imma get sum later  but on another note my <propfemale> is too funny! idk wat i would do without her!
goin to a memorial type thing for my aunt that passed away  
"finally home and me and <propfemale> are exhausted\!"
sundays are so lame  
omg if i don't get outta this house soon i'm goin to lose the little bit of sanity i have left! if it wasn't for <propfemale> i wouldve lost it long before now!
so now i'm having sum confusion! wtf 
your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul 
my smile can make shivers run down the devil's spine  smile 
happy halloween everyone!!!  smile 
im watching the ghost hunters live! i love this show!
the funniest thing ever is watching <propfemale> tryna eat crackers & cheerios  lol  i love her   smile 
so <propfemale> & i are gonna be hangin out with the babydaddy today   always fun  lol 
well maybe i dont wanna tell everybody wats on my mind  so stick that in ur pipe and smoke it   smile 
not really sure how today is gonna turn out  <propfemale> he's not around i dont like him so much   but <propfemale> he is around (and acting right) he's not too bad 
i jus wanna fuckin scream & rip apart random things! i will never understand why i let bullshit get the best of me! ugh im so disappointed in myself   
"<propfemale> & i had a full weekend   & we are exhausted! im happy she got to be with her big brother & big sister, they are too cute together!  smile "
"failures are one of the most important things in your life  if you don't fail, you don't learn   & if you don't learn, then you'll never change yourself for the better "
so im sick with a cold  sad   thanks alot to the person who shared his germs   douche bag   smile 
i've got that quezy feelin deep in my stomach & that empty feelin deep in my heart with a hint of that feelin of ice running thru my veins   sometimes i wish my soul intuition would just leave me alone for once because she never brings me good news 
never underestimate a woman's power to get a man to do something he really doesn't wanna do!!! lol  smile 
there's alota people i know that are a creation of god when he was super high on meth   so yeah those people are some pretty fucked up individuals!  smile 
so im daycare shoppin today   makes me sad cuz im gonna miss being with <propfemale> everyday all day  sad  total bummer 
"ok   so ive noticed some things that dont make sense   & if it dont make sense, it aint true  some people truely amaze me on a daily basis   "
"i cannot believe that after 12 long years, my brother finally cut his hair! & im not talkin bout a little trim   im talkin bout buzzed down! & anyone who knows my brother knows how unbelievable that is! im so proud of him! lol "
watching the kentucky game with my new favorite person in the world! whooo go wildcats!!!!!  smile 
"some people think they are any importance to me   those people would be terribly wrong  the only person who means something to me is my daughter, & if you have nothing to do with her, most likely i have nothing to do with you   so please   do yourself a favor & get over your insecurities   smile "
maybe its time for a change 
so i had to postpone my job till next week cuz i couldnt find <propfemale> a good enough daycare thats close around me   total bummer   sad 
"tommorow is gonna be a good day  smile  alota changes are gonna take place, changes ive been waiting for a very long time   finally!!!!  smile "
i feel like being pretty today  smile 
i utterly hate being confused   i wanna do watever best works in my favor   i jus dont kno which one that would be   cuz between the choices would be completely different outcomes   jus wish i could kno wat those were so i can easily make the decsion!!!
"my mom tends to always be right on her advice, but i never took it until it was too late   but this time im taking her advice from the very beginning & see how things work out  "
"it makes me mad that i actually have a heart, & its easy to make me feel guilty about things  but on sunday when i take <propfemale> to visit her big brother & sister, im gonna say what needs to be said to him & that will be the end of it!"
sick & fuckin tired  simple as that 
"today actually went by really good  only wish it could be like that everyday   i feel complete when im there, & empty when im here "
my period is late  i think ive made a big boo boo    sad 
"the less i see & hear, the less i know, the more easy it is to let you go   "
there is a god! i started my period! im never having sex again! lol
gonna be watching the kentucky game tonite! goooooo wildcats!!!!
im really hating lady intuition right now   bitch just leave me alone! lol 
black friday shopping! ooohhh yea!
i have a strong feeling things are gonna get better 
"fight for everything you love, & love everything worth fighting for "
"all i want for christmas is a man to come into my life, heal my broken heart, sweep me off my feet, & take my breath away  "
who gets drunk on a thursday nite with their baby daddy that they despise? this girl!!!  smile 
"omg  i put my cell on system lockout so that <propfemale> could play with cuz she was freakin out about it, & now i cant get it out of lockout cuz i forgot the password that i set for it like forever ago! now i cant do anything with my fone  they said i gotta do a hard reset which will delete everything!!!! total bummer "
today was the beginning of the end 
my <propfemale> <propfemale> is gettin soooo big! its hard to believe sometimes  
<propfemale> slammed her head on the crib this morn   shes gotta semi-bad boo boo now  sad 
soooo    everyone can go fuck themselves   smile 
"never ever believe or trust the words that come out of a drunk man's mouth, cuz the next day they will say \i have no idea wat your talking about\"" """
finally!    me & <propfemale> got the house all to ourselves again!!! ahhh   perfect   smile 
"& the henny's in my system, start drunk texting jus cuz i miss him or jus wanna diss him"
i love the snow  jus hate to be ready to leave & then seeing my car covered in ice & snow  always a bummer 
i really dont like any of yall  so once again   everyone can go fuck themselves!  smile 
looks like my xmas shopping has been postponed till tommorow 
"seriously guys   if you have to pay child support   pay it on time!!!! how complicated can that be? its not, yall are jus being complete & utter douchebags "
i think everything is gonna be ok    smile 
the demon in me is begging to come out & play 
<propfemale> christmas bitches!
omg  thursday aint coming quick enough!
today is one of those days i jus really dont wanna be fucked with 
<propfemale>'s got her 9 month doc appt today!!! my babygirl is gettin so big way too quick!
im so ready for today to be over! but on another note   <propfemale> weighs almost 24lbs! its pretty bad <propfemale> your 9 month old weighs more than the average 1 yr old! lol  i love my boogie!  smile 
happy new years everyone!!! i cant believe its almost 2011 already! where have the years went?!
"if you continue to do the things that you always do, then you will continue to get what you always get "
"\to hold hate in your heart is to hold the devil in your hands  to hold love in your heart is to hold god in your hands \"""""
"does anybody else know someone that whenever you hear their name or see them, your blood boils & your skin crawls? i hate dumb bitches  but anywho   my cell phone wont charge so now i have to get a new phone & thats gonna be a few weeks  total bummer   sad "
watching the kentucky game!  smile 
finally got my much needed break from mommyhood! good thing cuz its almost 5 am and i'm still having a good time! i'm gonna b sleeping allllll sunday!
uhh i'm so effin confused & irritated at the same time  i hate more than nething <propfemale> these feelings arise in me!
wow    its been a psychotic past few days  gotta love them!  lol 
so my brother is being put on house arrest tommorow & because of that the internet has to go off  how gay is that? oh well its just a few days  
"its amazing how spongebob, vanilla wafers, & apple juice is the miracle combination to a happy silent baby!!!  lol "
"im so effin confused  idk if i should just let the past be the past  but i feel so much betrayal from him  he told another female he loved her & wanted to spend the rest of his life with her  i know we was broke up at the time, but it still kinda stings  now he says he was just caught up in the moment & really didnt feel that way for her  ugh someone please share some advice!"
ahhh finally getting my much needed vacation   smile 
so i watched the movie 'social network' last nite    i so wanna delete my facebook now   wink  lol
"yep  im drunk again  yay!  lol  the man i have fallen in love with, his name is <propmale> beam!  lol  anyone up for a 3some?  lol "
i havent seen my boogie since thursday & i miss her terribly!!!! i cant wait till i go home tomorrow so i can hug her & squeeze her & kiss her & just pretty much annoy her with all my love!!!!  lol   smile 
finally back home to my beautiful babygirl! i missed her sooooo much! but now im missing my other baby!  sad 
ugh im sick with a cold  i feel horrible! i jus hope <propfemale> doesnt catch it from me   sad 
yay! im gonna be celebrating my birthday all wkend since my birthday falls on tuesday   & im happy i get to celebrate it with some of my favorite people! only bad thing is   im getting old   sad   lol 
happy birthday to me!!!  smile 
   grrrrowl   
i hate fake people  & i know alot of fake people  im thinking its time to update my surroundings & eliminate a few select people from my life  yep! sounds like a plan    smile 
"im half tempted to go to a far away place with my <propfemale>, tell everyone to go to hell & then never return  & whomever finds this offensive can eat me  & honestly i hope i do offend a few select people  just take a gander at my profile pic   thats intended for you   smile "
ahh monday   & im still feelin froggy towards certain people  so still your gettin a nice big fuck you this morning!  smile  ha im sucha god sent child!  lol 
i think its hilarious how certain people think they can get away with tellin me lies  seriously?   i could of swore that by now you would have figured out that i always find out the truth eventually  i got some intuition that im pretty damn proud about! so sorry     smile 
whore   smile 
"im lookin for the man of my dreams, but i never sleep so i cant find him  "
you cant be beautiful without a touch of insanity   smile 
happy valentine's day everybody!!!  smile 
gonna be with the babydaddy tonite!  smile 
omg  im gettin so effin restless! i need to go out & act a fool   lol   smile 
yay im home!!! nothin is better than spending 23 hours in jail  best times ever!  lol  i hope you all sense the sarcasim     smile 
"im so excited! ive been wanting to get a new tattoo for like ever, & now thanks to tax money, i get to get tatted up!!! yay!!!!  smile "
with the 2 loves of my life! & im jus as happy as shit!  lol   smile 
omg  knowing that im 24 makes me feel old! such a bummer   sad 
wanna know something really akward?   when you have a dream that involves you having sex with one of your boyfriend's best friends whom your not in the least bit attracted to  yep  pure akwardness    
what a shithole of a day    & so effin early too! total bullshit   playful 
going to my daddy's today to celebrate his birthday! & then its off to spend some time with my significant other!  smile  good times 
"people say im borderline crazy, sorta kinda   wink "
"im half tempted to make voodoo dolls that resemble certain people in my life, & then doing very mean things to them  yep     smile "
"i seem to have misplaced my mind again    if you happen to find it, please return it to me asap!    & yes there will be a reward   lol   smile "
im just a <propfirst> of fuckin sunshine today     playful 
i feel obligated to choke random people today  smile 
i be killin em     smile 
next weekend we will be celebrating my <propfemale>'s big day   her 1st birthday! so if you want to be a part of it jus let me know!  smile 
very much enjoyin my sunday off    smile  but i sure do miss my boogie    sad 
so im finishing up on some birthday shopping today for my boogie! i cant believe she's already about to be a year old!  smile 
i had an amazing day with some of my favorite people! <propfemale> had a perfect 1st birthday! altho her official birthday is tmrw!  lol   smile 
happy 1st birthday <propfemale>!!!!  smile 
spending the wkend with 2 of my most favorite people ever!  smile 
took my boogie to get her picture taken with the easter <propfemale>! she wasnt scared of him like she was <propfemale>!  lol 
