924005bf6261c0f3b99bd5e71ed5e835
"happy new year!  and happy blue <propfemale>!!!!   smile   wow, this year is going to be amazing!  resolution: love  and smile "
sunrise in the hill country   colorado here i come!!!!!!!!! skiing!  smile 
<propmale> bound   
hmmmm   back in a world where monday means something   
yoga and surfing in costa for november   any one want to go?
dad goes to ak tomorrow!!!!!  so jealous     
"the weekend begins tomorrow!!!!  <propmale>, reckless, schlitterbahn    yeah for texas "
"music mania   dwight yoakam, texas renegades, micky and the motorcars, reckless <propfirst>, and <propfirst> watson   in one weekend    smile   plus schlitterbahn and chicken shit bingo   ready to go back to work now   "
i love idaho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  a lot!
"the great road trip just keeps getting better, seattle today    smile "
portland!  and mom is here too!!!  hanging out with the tafua ranier family for a bit!
south to the hinterlands     <propfemale> and <propmale>'s new place in central oregon next!
blackberries!!!!!!!!  thousands of them!   off to the redwoods tomorrow!   smile 
cali coast   redwood forest   yippie!
<propmale> california   to visit <propfemale>!
"horseback rides, runs in the woods, bike rides, yoga, and poetry readings for high school kids in <propfemale>'s class!!!  california isnt so bad!   smile "
pendleton rodeo here i come!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  let's just call it a vacation from my vacation!   wink 
it's nice to be home!!!
chillin' with the fam   football and burgers!  got the kitchen painted today too!
it's fall!!!  yippie!
the inner basin is awash with laughing <propfemale> aspen!!  the wind is blowing a million <propmale> an hour!!!  go forth into the wild fall!  then in our bleak january you will be able to close your eyes and waltz through a memory of color    smile 
i love love love fall!!!  thanks for the amazing bike ride today    wink   cyotes and all 
nps trip for 20 days!!!  be safe out here in the wide world!
amazing river trip!!!!!!!  nice to be home and clean and have big warm bed!   smile 
flagstaff in november is stellar!  riding the bikes from flag the the canyon this weekend   if anyone has good beta speak up!   smile 
"biked to inner basin today   hike up <propmale> tomorrow   play hard, winter comes on friday!"
"shuttle truck is at the rim and i'm stoked to hammer out 70 <propmale> on the mt  bike, just hope it stops snowing!!!!!!!!!!"
"yoga with al   always an amazing start to your weekend!  looking forward to beets, brussel sprouts and a movie with <propfirst> tonight!"
i love love love grand canyon!!!  hiking in   be back in a few days!   smile 
still love the canyon   100 <propmale> of human propelled movement in 5 days   here is to having the best friends ever!
tx bound tomorrow!   wink 
road warrior   
"ahhhh, sunset on mom and dad's deck    smile   holidays are nice    "
should i take my emt course in lander wy or midpines ca?????  what do ya'll think!?!
"<propmale> and kel are off to portland, mom is off to salt lake   it's going to quiet on the home front this week    smile "
grand canyon bound   yahhhh!!   smile 
"hiking, skiing, running, cooking, playing, snow ball fights!!!  yeah grand canyon!!!!!!  i love this place!"
down into the narrow world for a few days!  loving grand canyon in her snow outfit!
back in tx with my wonderful family!!!  happy birthday dad!
"just watched <propfemale> & <propfemale>   see it!  it is a wonderful story and i hope that one day i too will learn to de-bone a duck, its got to be a good skill to have   "
happy holidays everyone!   smile   eat and be very <propfemale>!
go see avatar!!!  loved it!  going again tomorrow!  3d!   smile 
trans siberian orchestra last night was stellar!!!  go see avatar!!! loved it! going again tomorrow! 3d!  smile 
"rainy day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  t-6 days till steamboat, hoping for a big snowstorm "
"squirrels chewed through the wiring in my truck today   awesome!  so, dad and i spent the day fixing   tomorrow we shoot squirrels!   smile "
staying for another amazing week in the boat!!!  more music and skiing!  sweet!
"skiing skiing skiing     sunny and 30 today here, sure beats the -12 we had last week!"
having an amazing week in the boat!!!  thanks for the hospitality <propfirst>!!!   smile 
"the wailers tonight, keller <propmale> tomorrow, and hopefully some more snow!  big news of the week:  i just got into park ranger school for the fall!   smile "
cowboy downhill ski race tomorrow and some more good music from reckless <propfirst> and then it's time to go back south!
leaving steamboat!  southbound   
made it!  its warm and <propfemale> down here in central tx!  i will enjoy it for all of you stuck in the storm!   smile 
"i love love love pistachio instant pudding   don't judge!  thanks a lot b and eston!!!  just what i needed, another vice     "
truck's packed   zoe is ready (flippy and all)   arizona here we come!
iced-in in clovis nm   at least the ice covers up the cow smell   
i'm gonna make it to arizona today   in theory    smile 
i love flagstaff!!!!!!!!  nice to be home in the desert     smile 
more snow! had a great run this morning out in the new pow!
"grand canyon is beautiful!  and, i really love all of my amazing friends!"
"stellar skiing today, we had the woods all to ourselves and i have two very happy tired dogs!   smile "
happy valentines day!!!!!!!!!!!!   smile 
gets to hike into grand canyon today!   smile   i love my life!
"the sun is melting all of our snow, but it sure does feel nice!"
california   w-emt   sounds like a lot of studying in a very beautiful place!   smile   t-1 day 
midpines ca   here we come!  a night in palm springs first to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> 
"wow, 530 hike, breakfast, 8 hours of class, yoga, dinner, study, sleep   i think that is the life plan for everyday this month!"
"emt school is amazing, hard, wonderful, and a lot of work!   smile "
"made it through week one    smile   phone wont work out here, its kinda nice     thanks for all the love you guys!"
off to fresno for ambulance ride-along shifts   woohooo!
"had to life flight a friend out of class yesterday after a bike crash, send him good love   "
"<propmale> update:  c3,4,5 injuries, but doc's are hopeful   keep him in your thoughts!!!  thanks!"
one more week of school!  it's just like finals week around here   
oh yeah!  one test to go and we will all be emt's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"back in the desert, ah its nice to be home!  thanks for an amazing month guys   big hugs and safe travel to you all, come visit soon! n-reg pass, offically an emt   wow!"
hiking in grand canyon is good for your soul!!!   smile 
ah   a long awaited day off    smile   and its first friday art-walk!
happy easter!
i love you guys!!!!  thanks for the birthday love!  wish you were all here to play!
29!  starting the year off with some fun in grand canyon    smile 
"yep, life is pretty great    smile "
grapevine loop for three days!!!  yeah grand canyon!!!!!!!!!!  28 <propmale> of awesomeness    smile 
grand canyon is amazing and i have the best friends and family in the whole world!  thanks 
another awesome canyon hike today   thea and i knocked out 14 5 grand canyon up and down <propmale> in a few short hours   love it!
"uh, snow!  grand canyon has her snow suit on again     who said april was spring?"
"dang ol' dang, that was a hell of a night  hats off to <propmale> brown!!!"
made it through the day on 3 hours sleep    college flashbacks   whew!  bed is looking awfully nice right now!!
it's spring again!
as the walls come down the endless landscape of freedom presents itself for e playful loration   
"today i got rid of almost everything i own, went running in a blizzard (it's almost may!), and laughed until my stomach hurt    smile "
"yep, grand canyon is still beautiful!!!!!  gearing up for <propfirst>'s graduation week!   smile   congrats little sis!"
"some days are better than others       then again, some days are worse "
hikin' in grand canyon    smile 
phantom tomorrow   the grand canyon adventures continue!  stay tuned for roaring springs   smile 
roaring springs here we come!!!!  more good times in the big ditch    smile 
"a domestic day   cleaning, cooking, baking, laundry, planting   just another day off in grand canyon    smile "
yeah bright angel bicycles!!!!!
river soon   very soon      smile 
first friday <propmale> walking    smile   yeah flagstaff!
<propmale> walk was an awesome success!  i may need a nap today   and a lot of water   
"rig day, food pack    river!!!!!!   smile "
16 days of hot canyon bliss!!!  be well!
home!  grand canyon is amazing!!!!    smile 
i love my friends 
off to show low with <propmale> for the 4th!
"started watching <propmale> burns national parks films tonight     love love love!!!  so much to see, so little time   "
flag for the weekend!  river for the rest of july!!   smile 
"south rim monsoon bliss, i give it all of 24-hours before i am back in the canyon     flag for a few hours tomorrow "
<propmale> walking   
<propmale> is leaving          sad   miss you already!
hiking withe <propfemale>!
phantom bound   
i love my friends    smile 
check out the pepsi refresh link and vote!!!  you can vote daily till august 31!
texas for a weekish!!!  see some of y'all there    
back in the big ditch!
back to school   back to school   
"wow, days off are amazing      smile "
"ah yes, so so glad that fight weekend is over   a bit battered but smiling!"
and   its fall time!  rain and cold and changing leaves all in a day     i could see my breath when i went running this morning!  love it!
termination dust    
"yeah sundays!  running, coffee, more coffee, hot showers, more coffee     smile "
one     more     day    of     class    smile   then back to hiking!!!!
i'm a ranger!  ahahahhahaha   off to the canyon!
happy turkey day from grand canyon!  backcountry days!   smile 
hiking   still    smile   i love not being in school!
san <propfirst> with eston for a few days!!!  yippie!!!!
eston-warming party!!!!!!!!!!!   smile   welcome home!
happy almost christmas!!!!!!!!!!  12 days of christmas are in full swing!  love you guys!
christmas in the canyon!  love and hugs to everyone!
canyon time wtih little e!   smile 
happy chinese new year!!!!   smile 
texas bound   see some of y'all there    smile 
grand canyon is beautiful     just in case any one forgot    wink 
wing ding!  hiking out of grand canyon and driving to flag in a snow storm so i can see so many of my favorite folks!!  join us at the coconino center for the arts and support our amazing river community! 6pm
california   smile 
i baked bread!!!  and it's not even brick-like       smile 
gts!!!   smile   it's boating season!!!
