acbda688f5b8278a2c43fa068f270567
???? happy new year smile  ? ????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????
this is the boringest summer ever!!!
passed my driving test! yay!
my b-day is 2morrow! finally gonna b 16
uploaded new pics 
"is tired from an exciting, action-packed day"
goodnight facebook!
hopin they fix my schedule tommorrow!  these first few days have been so hectic!  the counselors at our school are soooo dumb 
my internet is acting up  sad 
dang! soccer game + gym = really sore and tired 
man! homework sucks!
why do people hide their treasre chest on happy aquarium?
my bro has pneumonia!  sad 
still sick! idk if im goin to school tommorrow or not   annoyed 
tonight=fail i dont think there will be a next time   annoyed 
"i hate taking a nap, waking up after 4 hours, and still feeling sleepy!fml"
tired from 15 hour drive to florida! at least its warm down here  yay!  smile 
headin back to va at 3 in the mornin! sad    it was fun while it lasted 
gettin a car tommorrow! im totally stoked  smile 
got my car! ohh yea!
"finally get enough money to get a car,but      cant afford the insurance  smile  fml"
is ready to get this last day over with!
is about to go to practice!
is tired as mess     annoyed 
finally got a cell phone!!!!   my number is 660-7030  text me so i can add everybody!
i wish cell phones came with automatic texting abilities! lol i suck at texting!
still need more <propfirst> for my cell   757-660-7030
is about to go to a new years party!  smile 
cant go to sleep  annoyed 
"left the house at 3,went to the mall, did a 720 in daistans car, went to salsa's, went to the movies and chilled, now im finally back home and it's 11 smile 0  what an eventful day!"
"<propfemale> simmons is missing! if you have any imformation prior to this, please contact <propfemale> simmons immediately!!! please pray for her&her family during this time"
my schedule is messed up   annoyed  i swear our guidance counselors must be on drugs or something 
is deciding whether or not to get a haircut this weekend  i need advice 
listenin to some shaggy and chillin!  smile 
played like shit at practice today  hopin tommorrow will be better   annoyed 
gettin a haircut tommorrow  tryna decide how much to get cut 
"watchin the ac <propmale> game, then tryin to fix the whip  idk after that"
just a little more hard work and dedication is all we need  keep your heads up high 
we played a good game over all  the ref was shit and our luck wasnt too good either 
needs to stop eating junk food!!
finish fixing the car then beach tommorow 
chicken and rice with a topping of orange soda   sad  thnks lil bro! lol
can't wait for this mechville game to come! its bout to be hype!!!
is gettin hyped for this game!!!!
finally finished fixin the whip! gotta get a new winsheild and get it inspected then ill be drivin again   smile 
is gettin blacker and blacker!! lol
even after i finish fixin everything i still find more problems! i hate it     
is thinkin about goin to odu 
why the fuck do we always get the same fuckin horrible ass ref for every big game we got!?
is tryna decide what new cleats to get   smile 
ordered the red f50i's! cant wait to get em!  smile 
finally scored a goal  now time to focus for kecoughtan 
wants to go see iron man 2 
"tell me why i went to mcdonald's and saw this guy tell his 4-year-old daughter that he was going to \ knock her ass out\""  wtf is wrong with people these days!"""
"barcelona won the title!!!\now its our turn!"
"never thought drama would ever come my way      annoyed \in the weirdest of moods "
actually had a good day today   smile 
at home gettin hyped for this game!
"this marks the beggining of the end for warwick soccer as we know it! \we're hurt for next year "
hope my brother's surgery goes well today 
"needs to get a job asap!\who's hiring?"
tomorrow's shcedule?
needs a down to earth girl to chill with   smile 
my dad needs to hurry up and get home!!
needs to go to the gym to work off this junk food! lol
my bros pain meds are strong as shit!! lol
"yo i look so retrded in the yearbook! lmao\go look at it and you'll see what im talkin about "
"might be workin at <propmale> teeteer on warwick blvd   smile \i might have to cut my hair though   annoyed "
this guy on maury claims he got raped by a woman! tell me how that can even happen?! lol
so theres a guy goin around my neighborhood and steling things out of people's houses  smh people these days 
next year is about to be so whack!  annoyed 
"so i just took my little brother, shawns virginity  the natural way "
england's bout to do work on the us!
"really, r u freakin serious, ur on the worldcup squad with a save like that!! i coulda saved that weak shot!!"
england needs a new keeper!!
congrats to the warwick class of 2010!!!
how the heck did spain lose!!!! wtf
"got school in the mornin   annoyed \at least its the last day "
night fb
"exam till 9, then summer!!!"
im officially done with school!!yay!
"sucks at cod on ps3!  sad \see me on xbox though! lol"
"is goin to supercuts again!! \haha  smile "
spain is playin with honduras! haha
is gettin 4 inches cut off 
i feel so naked     annoyed 
dude who saw that elbow that dempsey took?!
lets go japan!!!!!!!
im already starting to not like this ref  he's too power hungry
who saw that crazy ass free kick!!!!!!!! goooooooooaaaaalllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!
goal # 2!!! another free kick!!!! kepp em comin japan!!!!!
"probably the sweetest goal of the worldcup!\thats why barcelona wanted <propfirst> villa <propfemale> bad! haha"
keep it up spain!! good play and well earned goal 
i love the dive by torres gettin a player from chile sent off  haha
chile with a lucky deflection goal  smh
i never realized how out of shape i was until today!! haha
just woke up       
robben is the biggest bitch out there! every little touch he gets he dives like a pussy!
watchin ghana win hopefully then gym   smile 
"why did pique have to do that stupid play? haha\he's like a foot talle than the other dude yet he gabs him \luckily casillas saved his ass! lol"
"wwwoooowww!!!!! make the first pk ref says retake, and then misses the second one   hahaha"
goooaaallll!!!! i thought they missed again!!lol
once villa scores once he cant do it again! lol
yo the iyaz and the new boyz suck at silent library!! lol
"spain is bout to win  hopefully \but germany has been lookin sweet lately   annoyed "
<propmale> is startin!!! the coach actually made a smart move! lol
streaker!!! haha
"closee, spain is lookin beast right now!!"
spain is too short for all these corners
r u serious spain!!?? score the freakin ball!!!!!
gggoooooaaaaaallll!!!!! puyol!!!!!!!! yeeeessssss!!!!!
wooaahhh!! wth r u doin takin villa off and puttin in torres?! put in fabergas if anybody 
the octopus was right!!!! spain in the final!!!!
"today wasnt my day, missed a scissor kick, 3 headers, a shot, and a volley   sad \i got an assist though!!"
man i got colors that aint even on the rainbow!!!
spain is bout to win as long as robben doesnt start divin
people can karate kick people in the chest and only get a yellow?! haha
"<propfirst> persie doin the usual, divin cause he aint fast enough to beat the defense! lol"
yyeeahh!!! get the hell outa here!!!
ggooooaallllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sppaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!
had a ref that looked like a <propfirst> <propmale> terrier barkin at me the whole game! haha
"i throw my hands up in the air sometimes sayin ayyyyyy ohhh, gotta let go! i wanna celebrate and live my life sayin ayyyyy ohhhh, baby lets go! we gon rock this club, we gon go all night, we gon light it up, like its dynamite!!!"
officially 17!  smile 
thanks everyone for wishin me a happy birthday!  smile 
has slept <propmale> day     
"just got back from the gym, bout to do some chores and then chill"
watchin <propmale> and the chipmunks
"trainin tommorow at 1, which is early for me   sad "
"soccer in this weather, was a bad idea!"
just got back from my lil bros practice  his team is a joke!! lmao!
outlet mall tommorow then pickin up <propfirst> at the airport
the new season of jersey shore premeires tommorow! : )
"just got back from macrthur mall, chillin now and pickin up <propfirst> from the airport later   smile "
the new season of jersey shore is startin off good : )
"not lookin forward to practice early tommorow but its whippin me back into shape, so its not all that bad "
the fam is leavin for new york for the weekend  got the house to myself  smile 
back from aroma's  smile 
the a c would break when its this hot!  sad 
pauly d actually got mad for once! haha  laugh 
cutting tall grass after huge storm= fail
a c works finally!!!
dad's makin me drive to new york! smh
"drove to new york and back in one day, tired as shit"
maybe goin to the gym later
m v p  just hauled ass outta there!!! lmao!!
i want pauly d's red shoes
bout to go head to nc for the weekend  smile 
bout to go drop off the bro at college later on today
"i feel like ive lost my twin\hahaha"
bout to hit up buffalo wild wings in a bit  smile 
i dont buss back because i shoot first
"lost my phone  crying \what am i to do    "
yo my dad is tryna tell me that im feminine because i wanted to take a shower after practice before i went bowling! old people these days lol
found my phone!!!  laugh 
off to practice
bout to head out to the mall for a bit  smile 
"just finished a late night workout, now its time for bed  smile "
<propfirst> kart is where its at!!  smile 
headin up to fredericksburg for the tourney  wish me luck  smile 
ive never been hit in the nuts <propfemale> hard in my entire life 
lost in the semifinals and to make things worse i left my wallet at the hotel  sad  fml
who has homeroom 311?  smile 
talk about wham bam thank you mam! lmao
leavin later on today for a tourney in north <propfemale>  smile 
"finally made it to the hotel in greensboro after gettin a little lost  smile \bout to go to sleep"
"won the first game 3-2, i played ok but got these two huge ass blisters on my feet!  sad "
cant wait for the championship game tommorrow!! should be a tough won but i think we can take it! smile 
"yo someone told me today that i look like the black dude from <propmale> comedy! hahaha\really?! do i look like him? lol"
finally home after visiting the bro in bristol  smile  sn: my feet are <propfemale> swollen!!  sad  they look like trolls feet
"tired of school and hasnt even started  annoyed \can u say senioritis? haha  playful "
"love my classes today but tommorow i got photography and a freshman science class  sad \i need to change my schedule asap!!"
cant wait for my new cleats to come in!!!  laugh 
"my new cleats came in!!!!!  laugh \i cant wait to play in them!"
"i got into culinary <propmale>!! yay!  smile \ill be bakin like <propfemale> isaacson in no time! jk  playful "
going to go get some much needed z's  smile 
so the first day i get to play a game in my new cleats and its raining outside  annoyed 
"\my doctor told me i gotta stop drinkin and doin drugs  u know what i did? i switched doctors!\"" lmao"""
"the truth is sorta like bitter medicine, it might taste bad but it's good for you"
"frustrating day so far  annoyed  \lets hope it ends well"
wtf    this is sooo gay
bowling later on tonight  smile 
great googly mooogly!!! laugh 
practice in a few  smile 
nice guys finish last  annoyed 
"\its t-shiirrt tiiimee!!\"" lmao"""
this west brom arsenal game is pretty crazy! haha
"got my first straight red card today, over some gay shit too"
"nani wears adizero's now? haha\wow nobody likes vapors anymore"
itz rainin sidewayz!!!! haha  laugh 
hoorayy practice is cancelled!  smile 
<propfemale> go home!!!!!
who do you guys think won? <propfemale> or snooki?
"gotta go work on my car  annoyed \fix one thing then another thing goes wrong fml"
cookies n' cream icecream  smile 
horrible practice!
"man that was quick! it was like summer, summer, summer bang fall! lol"
have i been saying weird stuff lately cuz i think i coulda got hacked  sad 
"ok fb i need your opinion   smile  my mom says i should cut my hair cuz its getting too long, but i dont think i should \\cut or no cut? thanks in advance  smile "
the situation is fuckin up! lol
"i think i have anger issues\haha  smile "
its supposed to be low 80's tomorow!  smile 
bed time for me  smile 
life is full of compromises   
"holes, the movie, is on smh"
"attenition facebook! i\d like to let evryone know that samm bricker has a \""doo-doo schedule\""  that is all\",acbda688f5b8278a2c43fa068f270567,"bandwagon time  smile , i can't lie  "
"i miss the old brazilian ronaldo, before he got three knee injuries and gained a 100 pounds!"
yo southpark just baked the shit out of snooki! lol
practice time  smile 
jersey shore time!!!  smile 
"\dont u hear that? fire! get out of the pool!\"""""
cant wait for the next episode
i have no voice anymore  sad 
i'm gettin hype for this game!!! lets get the w boys!!!
i think im big meech!!!!  smile 
"if my metabolism ever slows down, im screwed! haha  smile "
practice in the rain
no homo but <propfemale> off of teen mom looks so funny when she cries  i laugh every single time! haha  laugh 
"pauly d gets heated today! cant wait to see it  smile \but first practice    "
"\say no to hoes!\""  smile """
pauly d goin at it!! hahaha  smile 
its over  annoyed  oh well at least we can look forward to season 3  smile 
paranormal activity two was good  smile 
workin on a house is tiring as shit  sad 
we have to win today boys! this game determines whether its on our hands or not!
it doesnt matter how much skill you have if you dont have the heart and drive to win   
"<propfirst> <propmale> inbox\me: tell me something you have always wanted to tell me asap, it stays \between you and me  make this your status and see what responses you get"
june needs to hurry up!!
its supposed to be warm all week!  smile 
ac <propmale> game before practice  smile 
the buried life     is on next!
<propfirst> the octopus died today   
i dont go around fire e playful ectin not to sweat
watchin cnu soccer game at 7  smile 
got a hat-trick today and came out with the 3-2 w  smile 
"ac <propmale>, juventus game  smile "
"i think im the only black person that likes maroon 5  smile \haha"
i feel like this weekend was supposed to be way better than it is  annoyed 
"\put a <propmale> in they mouth so i guess its fuck what they say\"""""
mom is gettin some new hoodies for me!  smile 
startin my 3-day weekend early  smile 
i wanna see due date  smile 
"i got 4 goals today and the 4-1 w  smile \im on fire! haha"
i need a new phone  annoyed 
"yea, uh-huh, you know what it is! blackandyellow, blackandyellow, blackandyellow"
"you aint, gotta, nuff, money! you aint, gotta, nuff, money!\get, biigg! get biigg! get, biig! get, biig!"
"r-o-s-c-o-e, lil shawty put it on me   i be goin ham, shawty upgraded from bologna  smile "
got a tournamament this weekend! i cant wait  smile 
"bed time, gotta give these goal-scorin legs some rest!\hahaha  laugh "
i never sign out of fb at johnnys house  god i suck at life 
"it seems like everyone forgot about thanksgiving and is worrying about christmas\lol  smile "
soooo tired and hurt    sad 
lets hurry up and get this week over with so we can finally get a break from school
ac <propmale> vs  inter <propmale>  smile 
so i applied to odu and it wont let me check if i got accepted or not    wtf
"playin gay ass cod black ops\haha"
fire flames remix by lil <propmale> is prolly his freshest song in a while
"<propfemale> today i saw a cop texting and driving\smh"
im hopin these places i applied to call me back  annoyed 
"so i bring home a straight a report card and my mom is like \so what?\""\",acbda688f5b8278a2c43fa068f270567,got so many rocks up in my watch cant tell what the time is
just got back from the mall bout to see <propmale> potter  smile 
"\yall better shut the fuck up befo voldermort kill yo ass!\"" \",acbda688f5b8278a2c43fa068f270567,"so my last game of select soccer is tommorow\this sucks  annoyed  it been a pleasure playin with you guys"
"scored two goals in the final game of the season!  smile \got the 4-0 win!"
"finaly, just two more days till thanksgiving break!  smile "
jammin with the crew by the fireplace  smile 
"so i got desperate and applied to cold stone \haha  smile "
<propfirst>  love 
my bro is coming home soon  smile 
how does drogba get <propfemale> much power with the side of his foot?
got a fresh haircut  smile 
hahaha about to fight over a gum wrapper? funny ass night!
"so whose tryna go to the mall on black friday? lol\\oh and happy thanksgiving everyone!  smile "
the fattest ive felt in a while lol  laugh 
maybe goin to the outlets on black friday but idk yet
playin black ops zombies
been sleepin all day   
parents are gettin me a new phone for christmas  smile 
the worst thing about thanksgiving is eating the leftovers for the next three days
<propfirst> kart  smile 
i might be gettin a 98 <propfemale>  smile 
real madrid is gettin their asses dominated! haha
"<propmale> ramos is a fucking prick! \thats why yall lost 5-0!"
facebook is gettin on my nerves    
its bout to be freezin tommorow  annoyed 
"alcoholic whip cream? lol\what are they gonna make next?"
"being sick sucks  annoyed \i sound like a totally different person right now"
<propfemale>'s music would be way better if she didnt say anything in the song lol
elf is coming on  smile 
"so i picked my hair when it was dry before i took my shower and then i realized    \woah, i have a shitload of hair haha"
i wish i could get a dog for christmas  annoyed 
? 2010 is almost over  so like this status if i have made you smile this year  then set this as your status  you will be surprised at how many people have smiled because of you   smile 
your car is japanese  your pizza is italian  your beer is <propmale>  your wine is spanish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is brazilian  your tea is chinese  your watch is swiss  your language is english your fashion is french  your shirt is indian  your shoes are thai  your radio is korean  your vodka is    russian  and then complain: your neighbor is an immigrant? copy if you are against racism
"so thanks to samm bricker i dont have an off-campus pass anymore\fml"
whose tryna go see tron this weekend?  smile 
i feel like senior year is a waste of time  just give me my diploma and prom and let me leave
"so i def thought that tron came out this weeknd and was lookin forward to it  sad \lol"
"i swear my stomach is a black hole\haha"
im up from a 6 hour nap   now what? lol
if its gonna be this cold at least snow enough so we can get out of school lol
this morning was <propfemale> cold that my hair froze while i was walking from my car to the senior center lol
"money over bitches, nigga thats the plan\everything i do well done"
no schooool!!!!  laugh 
yo whose tryna go sleddin tommorow?  smile 
another boring sunday   
im hyped for this break to start  smile 
\tell 'em bitches i say put my name on the wall\,acbda688f5b8278a2c43fa068f270567,im tired of people gettin mad at me cuz of my phone  annoyed 
i hate my phone   cant wait to get a new one for christmas
ive been sleepin all day like a bum lol
"i told my lil sis that <propfemale> doesnt like chocolate chip cookies so she should let me eat them all\ lmao  laugh "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  smile 
"i got a new phone, inbox me <propfirst>  smile "
"still need <propfirst>  smile \inbox me!"
"i want the snow on the roads to disappear, all the other snow can stay  smile "
"snow day #2\stil stranded    the city needs to hurry up and plow these roads"
i hate it when parents get over protective  annoyed 
watching toy story 3 with the fam  smile 
is anybody elses house cold like mine is right now? lol
"2011 is a gonna be a year full of changes, some good and some bad  annoyed "
even or odd?
"i got so mad starin at my sat score online that applied for another one lol\\ps: why is college stressful while im still in high school?"
i knew i was outta shape but i didnt know i was that outta shape lol
well that ruined my night   
"dont get too excited, this fight aint hapenin lol\it always ends with a <propmale> hanger"
so i go outside to clean my car but forgot my keys  i go inside for 5 <propfemale> and i come out and its snowin sideways! wtf <propfemale> haha
im watching despicable me for the first time  smile 
i feel like the weather is makin everybody sad and angry lol
feild trip today  smile 
we saw a woman teleport at mcdonalds  surprise 
"gotta go on a 6 hour drive to bristol to drop off the bro at college, then its another miserable 6 back  sad  fml lol"
"left at 2 smile 0 yesterday afternoon and got back at 4 smile 0 the next morning\dead tired   "
bonus episode!  smile 
<propfemale> is ggoooooonnneee! haha
is feelin like a dumbass lol
cant wait for the half days and the 4-day weekend next week  smile 
got pulled over for dwb hahaha
has anyone ever met a cop that wasnt a douche? and if so why the fuck have i never seen one before?
long boarding is actually kinda fun  smile 
i need to go to the gym  annoyed 
i think i need to stop drivin lol
no service  sad 
yay! im connected to the world again lol  smile 
i love how my dad comes in the room and switches the channel from my show to cartoons smh haha
only got one exam tommorow!  smile 
"apparently im an asshole\just made it facebook official lol"
manswers is the show! haha
had starbucks so im prolly goin to bed around 6ish  sad 
so i suck at rapping and making lyrics  annoyed  lol
its been <propfemale> nice out the past couple of days  smile 
"just woke up from a nap, great now when i need to go to sleep im not gonna be able to smh"
"joined the 200 club today, ran 3 <propmale>, heard japan won the asian cup, and my mom made my favorite dinner!  smile  today has been on point! lol"
"\i always fall for your type\"""""
torres to <propfemale>? what!? haha
need to get my rest for school tommorow    sike i go to warwick high school  laugh 
howd it go from freezing cold to nice outside so quickly? lol
is it me or has been youtube been slow lately? haha
i def would have a lot more money if it werent for food  sad 
"i love how everywhere else is gettin 1-2 feet of snow and in va its 70 degrees!\usually its the opposite  smile  haha"
headache  annoyed 
got new jeans from hollister  smile 
cant wait to see the commercials  smile  lol
bieber got joked on in his own commercial smh lol
cant go to cond  annoyed 
should i plead guilty or not guilty in traffic court?    hmmm
"fact: girls can never get along\reason: too many to list"
ticket got dismissed  smile 
tyga is too nice!
its not lookin like its gonna stick  annoyed 
roid rage <propfirst>!!  laugh 
"love is like an hourglass, with the heart\filling up as the brain empties \\wise words from my cousin lol  smile "
"i should probably start on this english project\sike! haha"
goodnight fb  smile 
"just realized tryouts are next week, i hope i make the team d: \hahaha"
is harpersville supposed to be closed again tommorow?
"had a weird dream that i woke up, looked in the mirror and saw that all my teeth were chipped and falling out like i was chewing on rocks  surprise \anywyas back to bed haha"
barcelona played a horrible game but we're winning next game!
feelin shorts tommorow  smile 
why is it this weekend that i have to work on a project?! its <propfemale> nice outside! smh
there are no interesting movies out    -_-
spent this really nice day tryna fix my car -_- and im still not done   
"definitely just broke the \o\"" key on my computer   wtf"""
cant wait to play soccer again!!!  smile 
tried to super glue my o key onto my keyboard and now its stuck -_-
time is money so i went and bought a rolex- wiz
never sprinted <propfemale> much in my life    lol
english project       fml
"i better get an a on this project, its the only real project ive done in high school lol"
"i have a serious question for people who know me\do i have chicken legs? lol  laugh "
buju banton found guilty smh
probably the sleepiest driving ive ever done    
got accepted to odu finally!!  smile 
last first soccer practice today
idk how but i pulled a muscle in my armpit -_-
im mad i didnt get any free pancakes  annoyed 
nuts still hurt   smh
"i feel like i accomplished a lot this weekend  smile  \lol"
sucked at soccer today  annoyed 
damn messi did arsenal dirty! lmao
im not an arsenal fan but <propfirst> persie didnt deserve that at all lol
why do i always get sleepy right before practice? smh
so my moms been tellin me to study for the sat for 3 weeks now  the test is saturday and guess who still hasnt studied anything? lol
is sprint still fuckin up?
facebook = attention whore central   
japan  sad 
sat tommorow  annoyed 
i think i gotta 0 on the writing hahaha
phone is messin up  annoyed 
bout to go bowlin  smile 
"school is in the way!\they should make it so once you get accepted to college you dont have to go to school anymore lol  smile "
i wish i was in japan right now    
my coach spent 15 <propfemale> tryna tie the soccer net up   it took me half a second to rip it back down lol
"skype convo with japanese cousin = fail\hahahaha  laugh "
hearin these survival stories is heartbreaking    
so i cant find my compression shorts    
high of 78 tommorow!! say what!?!!!  smile 
warwick girls varsity soccer goes hard!  laugh 
vinny on rj berger? hahaha
"i come home early, and as soon as i get home my car decided it wanted to break down and now it wont start     fml"
got accepted to va tech!!! im hype! lol
so apparently we gotta dress up tommorow    where was i when coach announced this? lol
nap before practice
i hate waking up from a nap even more tired than before     smh practice is gonna suck
senioritis = c in earth science lmao!!
season finale  crying 
70% <propmale> of snow tommorow       wtf va
rj berger!!!  smile 
wow cant find my phone   -_-
game at 7!  smile 
if i didnt play soccer id be fat lol
no practice  smile 
i get what you get in 10 years in 2 days
the rain is puttin me to sleep -_-
just ate a whole pot of spaghetti smh
so i was in line at mcdonalds ordering my food and this guy comes up and asks for nail clippers  i was like wtf and then i looked at his hand and there was a bloody bandage and a nail going through his finger! then he said april fools     got my ass smh  laugh 
so i grabbed a hot pizza pan with an oven mit that had a hole in it -_-
just made a twitter  smile 
source code= mind fuck  surprise  lol
g2g fix one of my cars as usual smh
"everyones goin to the beach while i gotta do yard work smh      \at least ill still get a tan lol  smile "
practice in a few  smile 
<propfemale> bowles is the bestestestestestestetst girl everrrr
movie later?  smile 
"\you catch more flies with <propfemale> but you catch more <propfemale>s being fly\"""""
just ate shit in <propfirst> stahley's backyard smh
shaktar isnt that bad of a team    
did puyol disappear off the face of the earth!?  surprise 
wants to go to the beach!!!!  annoyed 
practice keeps gettin in the way smh
late night gym sesh!!!  smile 
last night of spring break with nothin to do      annoyed 
"losing a wallet isnt like losing a phone, you actually gotta look for it -_-"
haircut or no haircut? hmmm
tommorow is the start of my last quarter in highschool  smile 
odd or even tommorow?
that it what i call embarassing     smh
gonna go to sleep to clear my head   
nothin against phoebus but thats the most embarassing loss ive ever e playful erienced in my soccer career   
i miss club soccer sooooo bad  annoyed 
"perfect day for the beach!     not, fuck you rain -_-"
"really!? 1-1 and both were penalty kicks wtf\i was e playful ecting that game to be way better   "
"ive been in my pj's since he woke up \if thats not classified as bummin it then idk what is lol"
im bout to go take a shower      outside  smile  haha
all that hype about the storm for nothin lol
for ffrrrreeeeeeee!? lmao i love bedtime stories
flooded my kitchen cause i'm a dumbass   lol
i sucked at soccer today but at least we got that w!!  smile 
tbh  smile 
"i wish we could go to school in our bathing suits, its bout to be hot as hell tommorow!"
one of those weeks where soccer is pissing me off instead of the opposite   
i ate too much  sad 
"school tommorow but at least its friday  smile \bout to whoop some hampton ass!!! haha"
"hustle, hustle, hustle, hard!"
lmao are you fuckin serious!? wow     
practice should be interesting today   
"scored 2, woulda scored more but i needa learn how to dribble better     good effort raiders!  \sn: smacking a players butt before they take a pk doesnt throw them off their game, it just makes you look gay lol"
kobe did him dirty lol
red card baby!!!!!! haaa
gooooaaaallll!!!!  laugh 
real is tight!!! haahaha
over and done! messi killed madrid's hopes and dreams!! hahaha
"im going to get a parachute and go outside during the tornado, who wants to come with? hahaha"
i would get sick at the start of my weekend  annoyed 
just woke up    -_-
boondocks has got me weak! hahaha  laugh 
"i actually woke up feeling decent, too bad its a sunday    annoyed "
so i was testing out my brakes on my neighborhood road when this crazy white guy sprints out in front of my car and tells me to slow down  i was def only goin 30 so you can stfu with that one dude
phone isnt sending or recieving messages     
"1 defender, 2 defenders, shit  just send the whole squad! haha still couldnt stop me"
<propfemale> bowles is the bestest
dont call or text    fuckin pissed
nothing has gone my way these past two days    
goin to see fast 5!  smile 
happy mothers day!!  smile 
im officially changing my name to toreto after seeing fast 5
me and cameras just dont get along lol
my last ever high school game    its crazy how time flies
its been a pleasure playin with warwick soccer
i think thats the fastest anyones ever taken an <propfirst> lol
idk what to do with my life now that im not playing soccer lol
"ive gotta become one of the very people i hate      a referee\haha this is gonna suck"
<propmale> busquets racist!? i never liked him anyway lol yaya toure was better
takin a shower then pickin up my vest and tie  smile 
def just made a backwards between the legs strike! im a beast!  smile 
completely drained    time for bed!
im not excited to see the <propfemale> pics from prom lol
"im about to eat this e playful ired popcorn i won at after prom, wish me luck! haha"
so whats the point of goin to school anymore? haha
days like today are going to make me miss high school
whats tommorows schedule?
"goin to bed, night fb"
i feel like im wasting my weekend away
<propfirst>'s house is <propfemale> empty    this is depressing
i wanna learn how to surf lol
all i do afterschool is sleep -_-
modern warfare 3? guess this means im dropping out of college haha
"i would leave my windows open when it starts hailing outside -_-\felt like nature was tryna stone me to death lol"
94 degrees tommorow!  surprise 
ive got a bad luck curse today    annoyed 
someone should def tell me the score of the kecoughtan v woodside game  smile 
i hate when people have stupid middle names on fb  grow up already smh
gooaaall!  smile 
sexy ass finish!!!
one thing after another    its been a bad week
the boondocks!!  laugh 
"my lil bro said he would take a vw bug over a golf gti or a subaru sti cause \he doesnt like the way hatches look\"" smh i think hes gay lmao"""
so i dont have to take any exams but my mom is still makin me go to school  -_-
who is tryna go to the beach?
"woke up from my 3 hour nap  smile  \what to do now?"
cleaned out the inside of my car  smile 
mom is makin me cut the grass when its 130 degrees outside -_-
just got 5 shades darker  surprise 
beach saturday?  smile 
i needa figure out whose goin or not goin tommorow and who needs rides to the beach lol cause right now its lookin like one big clusterfuck
"ate 4 burgers and a chipotle burrito within a two hour span of time  i'm a fat ass!!\    -_-"
hangover 2 tonight?
hangover 2 was hilarious haha
hopefully va beach tommorow but first and foremost        bed!!!  smile 
lost my fuckin wallet! fml
i dont even care about the money i lost in my wallet  its the fact that i lost my license -_-
hopefully makin cuppy cakes in a lil bit! lets hope we dont screw them up  smile  lol
"why the fuck would you give your keys to a stranger and tell them to take your kids to the park? and then act surprised when they abduct your kids? \people these days    "
tommorow starts the last week of high school! :') bittersweet
"got my temp license, school at 10 then gettin military id  smile "
5 guuyss!!!  smile 
"goin to school tommorow just to workout haha\i have no life  smile "
"off to my interview, wish me luck!  smile "
did alright for my first interview lol
hey ppls wear your bathing suits to the grad rehearsal on thursday then head to va beach  hmu for more info 
"i saw someone with the gamertag \wetbuttsack\""\",acbda688f5b8278a2c43fa068f270567,rehearsal is changed back to 10  smh get it together admin 
"<propfemale> rehearsal is supposed to last till 1 smile 0         wtf admin \unlike you guys we got shit to do"
"car broke  annoyed      again\fml"
is contemplating going to the senior picnic or not
i think im probably one of the only people thats kinda scared to graduate lol
<propfemale> graduations tommorow and i cant figure out how im goin to wear my graduation cap       this should be fun -_-
"the years are starting to pass by too quickly     im gonna miss all you guys!  sad  \c o 2011  love "
i like how all hell breaks loose when the seniors leave warwick hahaha
"ill never ever take my hair for granted again! lmao\the fro is here to stay  smile "
fifa 11!!
i love men
racks on racks on racks
it seems like everyone is leaving!!!  crying 
i guess mall in a lil bit   
"i wanna mkiv <propfemale> sooo bad afer last night!!! \thanks to brenden coolranch craft lol"
"i hate bein 17, cant get a job fuckin anywhere    -_-"
goodnight people
i need to go to the gym!
to the gym!!!
i need new cleats and a working car before monday!!
cant wait to play soccer again!!! lol
goodnight
fixed the whip    now its back to sleep!!!
"got two of our 6 cars fixed, feelin accomplished!!  smile "
everything costs money now a days! smh
late night workout
goodnight facebook
brake drums= biggest pain in the ass
jamaica vs usa    this should be interesting
soccer for the first time in a while tommorow!!  smile 
my fucking 't' key broke an its pissin me off   -_-
im sore everywhere   -_-
to the bank
so i wash all the cars yesterday only to figure out its supposed to rain for the next two days     
practice at 5  smile 
looks like mexico won this one lol
anybody know whose hiring? i need a job asap lol
shower time!  smile 
manswers = best show ever invented
i hate feeling tired for no reason
"instant yaki soba!  smile \yummmmm"
i love how people in <propfemale> dont know what to do when traffic lights stop working lmao
these places better call me back
bored      
nigh fb
54 bucks from coinstar #winning
soft yellow hahaha
i bet <propmale> <propmale> is feelin stupud for not startin adu the whole tournament lol and tie game now hahahaha
dos <propfirst> doin work!! lol
daaamnnn!!!!! that was dirty!!!! lmao finally dos <propfirst> scores!
"damn mexico came from 2-0 down, good game"
i think my wife is gonna be a soccer player haha  smile 
mall in a bit
marvins room is stuck in my head smh
"fixin the bronco tommorow, hopefully selling it soon after   one step closer to getting a new car!  smile "
this rain is about to put me to sleep
just woke up -_- i needa stop goin to bed at 4 lol
just ordered my adizero primes!  smile 
earliest ive woken up this summer haha
finally done swappin out the rear end in the bronco! getting it inspected then putting it up for sale!!  smile  so freakin tired from it though  annoyed 
wii tennis niggas!  smile  haha
eatin smores while facebooking      fail!!!! haha
goin to bed
practice in a bit  smile 
so my dads forcin me to go to ny this weekend -_- fml
who knew an oil pan gasket would take <propfemale> long too change    -_-
6-8 hour drive ahead of us   just to get there and have nothing to do -_- fuck our lives    lol
the only thiing i like about the bronx     people blastin good jamaican music 24 7 haha  smile 
20 bikes just went haulin ass down the street doin wheelies and crazy stunts    ny is fuckin full of crazy people
shower time i guess haha
waitin for my parents to wake up so we can head back to the news
mr  gym and i need to be reunited asap!!! haha
i need to buy some tank tops    
a job would solve <propfemale> many of my problems    
fifa!!!
night fb  smile 
thunder -_-
ima b mad tight if this shit cancels practice    
prctice in the rain
power went out and cut back on haha
shower time i guess lol
ill be legal in 10 days!!!  smile 
i wish i would get sleepy already   im tired of goin to bed at 4ish
still awake    
thinking about getting a haircut    
soooo hungry! im starting to shake haha
"i wish i could go to sleep, gotta big day ahead of me"
woke up at a 'decent' time today haha
bout to go see transformers 3
transformers 3 was one baller ass movie!!! haha
for the 50th time this week it is raining   wtf va -_- we are not a fucking tropical rainforest
goin on base   
its sad when 9 oclock seems like its way too early to wake up haha
come on girls!!!  beat those giants! lmao
sawa needs that magic spray on her crotch! lmao
gooooooaaaaaallllll!!!!!!!!!! im hype!!!!! hahahaha
japan beats germany!!!!! my house has never been so loud haha #japaneseswag
fuckin hate college and i havent even stepped foot in a classroom   
no matter how early i wake up or how ired i get i always end up sleeping around 4ish   wtf -_-
"ill be legal in 10 days, the coountdown begins  smile "
goin to bed
"da fuck i look like hoe, i look like yes and you look like no"
bored so im goin to bed
classic reggae music  smile 
chicken katsu  love   smile 
bored   
watchin this usa <propfemale> game
usa's defense needs to get it together
"huuurrttt it was bound to happen, us just needs more possesion and better defensive work"
daaaayuummm!!! hahaha sweet ass goal!!!
game over son!!!!
never leave your fb open around this dude smh
da fuck!!?
tied that bitch up!!!
goooaaalll!!!
one of the best goals of the world cup!!!  smile  finals here we come  love 
japan vs usa in the finals  love   smile  wouldnt have it any other way!
leavin for practice in a bit
<propfirst> <propmale> said he'd eat mayo before he would eat celery  needless to say he is not my brother anymore
tryna do somethin tommorow!!!
vinnys on disaster date lol
haircut tommorow!  smile 
half my hair is gone!! haha  smile 
this nigga just pissed himself on campus pd lmao
im on the pursuit of happiness
bored    
im legal mo'fuckaasss  smile 
goin to bed  smile 
world cup final on my b day  couldnt have asked for a better present myself  smile 
woooowwww    
things just got interesting hahaha
its cause theyre 5'4 hahaha
speechless   
ggooooooooooaaaalllllllll!!!goooaaalllllll!!!
our savior is stepping on the feild! lol
the red card was worth saving a goal    
 surprise 
yes!!!
0 for 3
yyeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaa!!!!!! my mom started crying! :'d
"you guys can ignorantly  call me \un-american\"" or \""un-patriotic\"" all you want but i think japan deserved this win  this is just the uplift the country needed after all the destruction and chaos the country has went through recently  the us women's national team has won the worldcup 3 times already! is it wrong to cheer for a team that has never won it? just my two cents   """
best birthday evveeerrrrr!!!
"thank you everyone for the b day wishes, it meant a lot  smile "
im actually awake in the morning time     wow
"true life, im taking steroids"
im just sayin you could do better   
so i missed the jersey shore trailer   -_-
dads tryna make me go pull weeds tommorow  nigga    do i look full jamaican to you!? hahahaha
season 4 of jersey shore looks crazy    
mall in a bit
gotta wake up early for orientation    this should be fun
i hate when i try to get clothes from online and the only size they have is xl  what kind of obese person wears tanktops!? -_-
"perfect day for a tanktop, too bad i dont have one    -__-"
"horrible bosses was prety funny, dont go see that shit with your parents though lol"
just slept for 12 hours   new record!!! lol
stop    shower time!
<propmale> <propfirst> movie
the fucking bushes in my house moved on their own and im the only one awake  surprise  creepy shit   
goin to practice sleepy and in 101 degree weather  sounds like fun   
tornado warning  sad 
job interview tommorow!  smile 
got the job!!!  smile 
tooodaloo motha fuckaassss!!!  laugh 
winning an argument against a woman is impossible   
i should go to bed soon
training at 12  smile 
first day of work went pretty well  smile 
"sleepy before practice, not a good thing"
phones not working right  annoyed 
my supras came in  smile 
goin to bed so i can wake up early lol
workk $$$
"most black people dont tip, lesson learned"
sleepy but cant sleep  annoyed 
got a fuckin stain on my white shorts   -_-
"one big room, fulla bad bitches   "
goin to bed
ihop then work  smile 
work in the am
"i had a dream that my boss called me and said i didnt have work todday, then i woke up -_-"
just one of those days   
time to eat!
work at 11 $$
firehouse subs shits on subway hahaha  smile 
"wiped down a $100,000 bentley and got no tip   people are triflin"
"made bank and saw a ferrari f430 today, i think i can call that a good day  smile "
i hope it doesnt rain tommorow
laptop is fucked up  annoyed 
i dont wanna go to college quite yet  annoyed 
"the 96% of the people who read this will not have the guts to post this as their status  when goku dies in the e playful losion with cell, he thought of both you and me  if you are part of that 4% that doesn't feel ashamed to love goku, post this  thank you goku  i as well lifted up my arms when you asked for energy for the spirit bomb and as well tried to do the kamehameha wave "
work at 12
i need a back massage   
"spent 50 bucks on a new laptop battery for fuckin nothing, #heated"
might have to cut my hair to keep my job  annoyed 
"your new name is <propfirst>        homelessmanskeetedonyourleg\hahahahaha"
"work at 2, hopefully it doesnt rain like its supposed to haha"
no work so i guess its gym time!  smile 
ready to go in on these japanese spare ribs!! haha  smile 
my schedules bout to be packed when school starts haha
i should go to sleep but i dont want to   
off to work
ink my whole body i dont give a motherfuck       as long as its sharpie hahaha
"in about two weeks im gonna be working, playin soccer, and goin to school full time  i guess ill make room in my schedule by getting rid of sleep    and having a life haha"
practice  smile 
"goin to bed, work in the am"
dads= a person specifically designed to piss their sons off
"haha def checked my bank account thinkin it was friday  i was like \ wtf why didnt my job pay me!?\"" hahaha"""
"i love my mom, just put a 1000 bucks in my bank account just cause haha  laugh "
"my dad just tried to make me write a 8 <propfemale> paper for him, that nigga thought so!!! lmao where were you when i had to write my papers? hahahaha"
bedtime
off to the tournament    it is too early smh
so my hoodie came in today with no string -_- wtf    
i feel like i needa bathe in icy hot
"goin to bed, soccer in the morning"
"me <propmale> griffin, wessam waka wasef, <propfirst> staib, <propfirst> boetger, shakil yusuf, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> miller, zach scherrer, <propfirst> castillo,  and <propfirst> slezak cooked some beach fc kids today! hahaha wooo, wooo!!!!! i wished them niggas woulda tried to scrap us haha"
nothing is ever as bad as it seems    
gotta cut my hair tommorow      annoyed 
my hair hasnt been this short in sooo long    i feel naked
hollister asked if i wanted to work for them -_- i wanted to when i didnt have a job smh
that was nothin compared to the one i felt in japan haha
i wanna do somethin tonight    
i needa workout    
off to bed
a 350z for 9 grand!? i really wish i had money right now smh
"the one downside to having a fast metabolism, im hungry 24 7 -_-"
does anyone else always jump when their toaster pops? lol maybe its just me
classes pushed back to tuesday  thank you <propfemale>! haha
"im tryna do somethin tonight, this hurricane is about to leave me stranded in the house so might as well get out now haha  smile "
<propfemale> wilde       that is all lmao
i shoulda got a fucking dorm at odu    this nigga pisses me off to no end
kinda hopin a tree falls on my car so i can get a new one hahaha
the only good thing coming outta this is the <propmale> fire <propfirst> newsome started will finally be put out haha  smile 
just got our power back!!  smile 
man u is makin arsenal look like shit hahaha
really!? 8-2!? thats like a fifa 11 score lmao
smh at lil <propmale> tryna be a rockstar haha
this series seems pretty good
it would come out in january -_-
eating instant ramen just makes me miss eating authentic ramen twice as much   i miss japan haha
there better be power at my job tommorow   
"yall know dem!? well, fuck it me either"
"started not to give a fuck, and stop fearing the consequence  drinkin every night cause we drink to my accomplishments"
not lookin forward to scrambling to find my classes tommorow   
def shoulda been checkin my college email more often lmao huuurrtt
"\why the fuck would i blow up chic-fil-a!? that shits fuckin delicious!\"" hahaha"""
i'm still in high school senioritis mode haha this is gonna be interesting   
i fuckin hate college already     
its funny how intimidating a class can be when you walk in and all you see is a bunch of goofy lookin nerdy people lmao
i hate when youre using deodarant and it breaks apart and all the little pieces get stuck in your shirt
headin to class i guess
gonna have to sit in traffic with no radio smh
"headin upstate in a bit, hope we do work in this tourney"
i hate tieing garbage ass teams
fuck homework haha
some frail body white boy is tryna fight my little brother  haha i just might have to fuck a nigga up
"work is in the way, on call for two hours"
hungry but no food in sight   
i wanna learn how to ride a motorcycle
i needa go to the gym
chemistry is <propfemale> fuckin retarded  101 -  415 = 101 <---e playful lain to me how that makes any fuckin sense    
homework time i guess
just finished my math homework   
you know homework is hard when you have a mini celebration after each question you get right hahaha
8am engineering class tommorow      nuff said haha
im working just to pay for gas and food smh
i wish i knew how to comfort someone when theyre upset  instead i just sit there lookin like a dumbass cause im clueless about what to say or do haha
"goin to bed i guess, work in the am"
havent been this tired in a while and i got a shitload of homework to do   
"anybody wanna a wireless keyboard? i got it for 50, brand new, ive used it like twice lol"
i know fall semester just started but i cant wait for spring semester  my bro <propfirst> stahley is comin back!!!  laugh 
math homework    -_-
"i love when i cant print shit i need for class the next day, just makes my day    "
"fuck it, im goin to bed"
the harder the battle the sweeter the victory   
only fools and dead men don't change their minds   fools won't and dead men can't 
not feelin the 60 degree weather comin our way tommorow
"chemistry is gonna make me drop out of college, i just know it   "
okay enough stalling haha homework time
ordering some indoor soccer gym shoes  smile 
wtf fb   really now?
all this shit and still no dislike button    im losing faith haha
dropped my laptop in class smh
tryna finish up some homework so i can go out tonight haha
its sad when it feels weird not to have homework smh
its one thing after another   
"psych class canceled, its lookin like a good monday"
got a 92 on my first chem test!! looks like i wont be failing after all hahaha
people are childish    keep that shit off fb please
starving and sitting in a 2 hour class    huuurt
