d223cbc50af6de6e328ee673a99b9828
drank a little too much to conquer all the <propfirst> boys and their -funness?
is a dancing <propfemale> tonite! after the aftermath of maines blizzardness- i need a snow less nite!!
wants to wiggle her nose and have things do things in fantastic ways  wiggle wiggle
has an 8yo on the twilight train  and his fathers day present better arrive today
"has 2 more days of zaine at school, sleepover fri and sat maybe bbq and dancing with my favorite latin boys at <propfirst>  dome"
hopes some people are going to hell for being evil to others
"wants it to stop raining, how is zaine going to enjoy camp at the beach if it keeps raining???"
"will one day understand how you know everything, and im just ick  never changes"
"has a slight sore throat, but zaine loved camp!! hes snorkeling today, im jealous"
thinks she has someone sitting on her lungs right now!! what a time to start feeling crappy thank you work people for sharing your germs  really
is very amused  my father is on facebook and we wont be friends and zaines father beeps the horn for him to come out  i cant wait to see my mom
is ultra excited to have zaine on sat nite!! fireworks !!!
just did a bit of gardening and now my fingers are stained from the berries in the yard
i will never paint a ceiling again  that was ridiculous  and tomorrow is redoing the wood floors 
half done with the floors and now waiting to talk to my madre
can i just relax today? heading out to lake compounce fri and then bbq party sat!!
woke up and found her eggplant on the floor  thank you puppy!! and once again yeah for lake compounce!!
is ready for party !!
needs to wash yesterdays festivities off
not ready for work! maybe i should call in the black plague    
"is lost on what to do with her son  if 8 is this hard what am i going to do as he gets older?? moody, unable to be pleased and doesnt want to talk"
really needs to call a few sisters  one is getting married within days and the other one is about to have my adorable nephew!! would anyone else like to be added to this list??
"it is so gross in here!! i hate humidity, and the puppy being hyper from 2 am til 330 am"
wants to welcome her nephew into the world today!! hello my little <propfirst>!!!!
"has it complicated, and thinks you need to decide if its important now"
"needs to start school shopping  ridiculous how target does not have cargos, old navy here we come!!"
"is happy she is not married, thank you for that realization  and one day if so i will castrate you if you act like that to me if you do that after i bear your child"
"would really appreciate not getting a memo at 6 30 in the morning today  im a fan of moving your mouth muscles, so is <propfemale>"
is so tired and needs the computer to stop spazzing
getting ready to watch a movie with the little man after ice cream and tennis today  one day ill get this girlfriend talking feelings thing right  until then- my little boy!!!
is loving the wedding singer!! after a traumatizing pan de chocolate and blueberry muffin from lulus! ewww!!!
has no idea how to handle these turn of events  i talked to my stepmother today  and my father   not sure how to feel-can you please tell me??
"is running late, by about 30 mins  but my mom is a camping biker kind of chic  and you want me in wy!!?? hmm"
asks her self why is my son sliding off my yoga ball and crashing onto the floor? and what a talk we somewhat had  i should learn to talk pokemon language  then ill get somewhere
is boot shopping  but what to get for fall? ideas are appreciated
"just got the biggest urge to do karaoke, preferably whisky lullaby now"
"hiding way beneath the sheets, think shes having a meltdown, the look on her face she starts to cry  oh buckcherry what wonderful words you sing as i sing very horridly with you!!!"
is on her last day of opening at work  whoo hoo!! now onto bday parties -and then how quiet my house will be with out my little one here sad 
umm connecticut jury duty? i do believe ive run away from it til now  must be time to move to a new state!!!
may want to consider investing in an iv that has margaritas in it  and can i double that so <propfemale> has one?
"needs to do laundry  and now clean the broken glass, thank you puppy at 3 in the morning  thirsty and doesnt want to use his bowl"
is heading to horse country so ive been told  and maybe after that a potato and corn festival!
"just had a wonderful slice of cold deep dish  cant get this here in new haven, yum!!"
"is definitely going to watch zaine jump in a potato sack today  funness, did i mention we saw a turkey walking the streets in upper ny?? made all of us get excited"
misses her little man terribly!!
had a very restless puppy all night  then when he finally fell asleep my alarm went off
"did i mention that my puppy ate, literally ate my sock yesterday?? i thought he was smart, was i wrong when he started to drink the peroxide out of the shop glass"
heading out downtown soon
"getting ready for a long day  work, redoing the tub grossness, drive to ri and then up to me for a very short visit  now i need to beat you kat at this early morn status"
is so happy for puzzo!
"summer party-tastic, with some hyper little boys to go with it love it!!"
has a head like <propfemale> globo and is heading off to the hamburg festival in a few
has total bad head and would like to just eat popsicles and watch my lifetime all day  damn it all taking away my health time
"has the best pup, he slept with me all day and now to clear the head with the spiciest thai"
is not ready to go back to work  i really need more time in front of my ac and more soupy dishes  i hate being sick
saw district 9 and eehhh! and then a lovely 3 am phone call that has got to be returned  az is 3 hours behind right??
is so excited about new london this weekend  much needed <propfemale> time
work and new london bound  where the red sox wil triumph your asses!!
back to the daily grind  one more week of zainelessness  we had a fabulous weekend together
is going dancing in a day or two!! and my little man is coming home jueves!!! muy feliz!!
really has never hated anyone like i now am starting to hate you- and the way you cant seem to shut up!!!
is so very excited about pitbulls new album on mon!!
is with her little man who is refusing a haircut! and how did i miss dancing last nite? must have been zaine
is so blah!!!
has business business to attend to  and lots of practicing!!
needs some therapy in the bottom of her glass  after my emotional outbreak today i may need a few glass therapists
should i go dark brown or bright red? i am leaning way towards dark brown- little man gets his hawk off tonight
getting ready to slide on some sweet shoes and throw around heavy balls  where should they land?
"it is the first day of third grade  just where does the time go? my little man is rea<propfemale>g slowly to my <propfemale>, and has the attitude of a perfectionist"
is drifting away in my own tub of bubbles  i cant wait to wear my little black dress on sat  thank you coco
"is going to drink the nile in <propfemale> hoy  or so you think i am, more of a small fish bowl"
feet hurt so bad!! but zaine had his first game of night tag and lasted all night!!
"my feet are better and ready for another round of dancing  of course nothing can compare to last nights fiesta, i love my friends!!"
is getting ready to head downtown!! and then a fabulous day of close to nothingness!!!
has options upon options for the day
do you think obama would like me for his secret service? i can throw a mean glare (grrrrr)
"just got her boots, unfortunately for me, not the color i wanted but what else can you do after staring at them for weeks"
"just had a dream that <propmale> <propmale> was driving her home from the desert, and he kept me thankfully far away from the approaching tornadoes  i am so afraid of tornadoes!!!"
has a very tired and horrendously coughy son!
"is the housewife today, without the wife part  then at night im superdancer with cape and tall white boots!"
is positive <propfemale> is trying to kill me  ouch was my morning!
"is meeting the teacher tonite, and hoping that my boots will be here today!!"
s puppy is driving me out of my mind!! headache and all!!
is with her boys and hopes that my sat nite will have drinks and dancing!!!
hates evil thoughts  but she deserves them unknowingly
son wants to invent a dog thought translator  good luck little man!
is on ciudad mode  come on bloody sunday
"cant believe that you can make him cry  what do you say to an 8 year old to do that? but of course what do i know not being \involved\""?"""
could have killed 3 men who kept her awake for an hour and a half starting at 1 this morning
"will be brunette in oh about 20 mins, and then off to see craziness at the park with zaine and 2 puppies!!"
"loves <propfemale> of the dead, but not obamas new law starting monday"
"has uncovered kohls deep secret, you nazis!! ha!!"
s pup is going in for the demanning
oh my poor puppy!! the sad and painful whines that are coming from him!!
"has a happy house, but brrr!"
heading to cesars fiesta! after the coffee guzzling
welcomes the week with a new attitude
lets hope that my tub loves this new chaulk and doesnt mold for the warranted 5 years  or maybe 1 1 2hours wasnt enough time  <propmale> you suck
absolutely loves goat cheese and avocado
"searching for music, as not everyone likes spanish music  i may need to steal claudias ipod for the fiesta"
can not find a straight answer on if i can buy cloves online  i get the fact that they are illegal for sale but im not trying to be the clove baron  just smoke em
had a fantastic day at the aquarium and is not yet ready for work
is heading to the haunted hayride boo!!
has senor pantalones in the house
can barely log in here anymore  but more importantly damn do i want cookies!!
is going to see where the wild things are!! and get prepared for my fiesta!!
go faith go!! the <propfemale> is only one day late!!
yeah for babies!! congrats faith!!
excuse me but does your chowder have dairy in it??
has a pumpkin to buy and carve with my little man and then off to find my pink shirt for my birthday fiesta!!
had no luck with the pink shirt but party on people!! count down til massive beerness starts-- now
has on todays agenda- horror fantastic
has pumpkin carving to do!!
"wants to thank all my fine people for the birthday wishes yesterday, you rock!!"
and zaine are watching strange brew  very awesome
since when do 3 days grace have music videos? im dissapointed
"the sadness of the day, no little man to have tonite"
"had a great conversation with zaine on his arch enemy, then park, ice cream and tea  how awesome to have tea with my little man"
"just broke the bank on pokemon toys  and now when the boys are away, im gonna play"
wants <propfirst> to satisfy my urge for being nosy and letting me get my fill on quagmire! ha!
would like a <propfemale> conversation and needs to watch the baptism video  oh my!
has those dreaded parent teacher conf tonite  of course zaine only wonders what toy hes getting for all those es
"has my son asking about soul mates  you know some of these shows for kids,- really now  'have you met your soulmate mommy?'"
"is just so grrr with you and you making me feel so idiotic, fu and everything you do!"
is starting hell day 1- now  the downside to working in the best bakery in new haven!!
day 2 here we come  what makes this worse is my last contact has ripped  grr to have bad eyes! my dr is going to yell at me when he sees me!
needs a nap before the <propfirst> turkeyness  gobble gobble my loves!!
lets see how these mainers do black friday-not that i can compare
has never seen so many infomercials before  that steam shark and some makeup were on about 3 different channels at once!
"8 year old needs to turn 9 fast because this \i know\"" stage is getting old real fast  love him"""
needs people to take down realtor signs if there is already a deposit put down
"wants and needs the headache to go, then we will be making a fabulous dog house that rocks is not allowed to eat!"
"so tired! and a whole weekend with my men, including puppy pictures con <propfemale> manana"
"had to do severe punishment this morning  5mins in the corner, and i can tell you it was hard to not laugh at the obnoxious finger he was giving me! lucky for him i pretended not to notice!"
may only listen to trans siberian orch for the rest of the month- god help you all
"hates cold weather! why i dont live in a warm climate year round is beyond me  <propfirst> , hows florida doin?"
finishing up my lifetime and heading downtown- my house is so lonely with out my boys here sad 
you know i love you boy hot like mexico rejoice
has a very quiet day ahead- just me and the pup  maybe some <propfirst>
wont sleep with the little man in the bed again  there were limbs everywhere!!! except on his side  the puppy didnt help by licking his face in the middle of the nite! tired    
will be beating <propfirst> tonite  or its going back unbeaten
oh to be ready for christmas! but first yeah for dc! one more day and <propmale> will be in my arms  babies!!
thinks her little man would benefit from the sarcasm and intelligence in dc  of course that requires them to move back to ct  we only got 5 inches!! suckers!!
"checking out the new school this <propfemale> to see if the curriculum is any good for next year  i cant stand <propfirst> lambert, no offense people"
"forgot to get the teachers present!! @$%#, hopefully i have time or 1 of the 2 male adults will run over to the shoppe, what do you think?"
so no present for the teacher  i hope she accepts gifts after the hloidays  thanks boys!!
"sends all her <propfemale> christmassing now! on my way to late wisdom being pulled, and then zaines happy face!!"
is preparing for next weeks stay in freezing maine  good thing i like to travel up north in bad weather
thanks vh 1 for the new save the animals commercial  my day may be ruined since i cant adopt all of them!!!
"wants rocks to stop trying to steal all his treats, and preparing for coldness- and more cold all the way up in mainer!!"
and away we go-- maine
watching zaine attack the martians!! save me little man!!
"blah with my coffee, soy sucks!!"
feels like shes lost every battle and cant do anything else  how do you get through to such an angry boy
has the good son again(phew)- now onto taming this cold  happy 3 kings!!
"can not drink enough emergenceeeee, and i dont think its working  bastards"
needs some advice- should i send my gifted son to a rigorous academic school where the hours are 7 30 - 4 or let him be a kid and enjoy 8 30 -3   does an 8 year old really need that much attention to school?
is drowning in sinuses! and then denys 1st bday!
achoo achoo achoo- i feel like those people on the nyquil commercial  not too pretty
what was that that makes jersey shore so entertaining? enlighten me
had a lot of noises in this house last nite! did my bunnies decide to sleep all day and now party at nite   geezus
loves watching <propmale> in the middle- and zaine making his own assassins creed movie
i really hate that vh1 keeps putting on all these ridiculous shows and that i watch 1 3 of them  pathetic
house has totally turned into an assassins area- there is no pokemon or anything else  assassins and legos
time for the busy weekend and a whole weekend with little man!
"would like to thank everyone- right at that table over there, thanks- that came out tonite  love you guys! whoo hoo mexico!!"
is grossly disturbed by this show- idiocracy is coming  and im lewd
"starting the plans for the 9th bday!! so much has changed since my little man was born, and all for the better smile "
everythings coming up milhouse
"may have a long day- the norm work, playdate with <propmale> and our friends dog is coming over  grumpy dog that doesnt have enough energy to play with my puppy, and 2 little boys playing assassins- and then ice skating- for all our first times  please remain intact bones  can it be sat?"
is ahhh!!!
would like parents of 3rd graders to rsvp because im going to have oh- 6 more than those i know are coming- just show up 
we just got back from watching taekwondo and trial class on mon- also little mans 9th bday!! what a great present for him!!!
yeah for birthday party shopping today!! after a horrid dream of roaches the size of scorpions dropping from the ceiling at work! ewwweeweweww!!
really wants to cuddle with that puppy and little boy instead of work
has shopping for my little man to do!! oh a <propfirst> themed party is not easy to shop for!!
really doesnt like this leaving at 6 when we are supposed to be there at 6  how does that work
happy 9th birthday to zaine!! my little man only has 10 more inches to go until hes as tall as me!
"is a very sexy women who is also very intelligent  she has beautiful eyes and is sometimes considered to be a savage, but those people know as well as everyone else, that she is trully one of a kind  dont do anything bad to <propfemale>, because she will come back out on top  and #2 the most awesome girl in the world, to coincide with <propfirst>"
tae kwon do totally wipes zaine out  like ive never seen before- he brushed his teeth and just went to bed  and now onto the rest of party finishing
yeah for zaines party !!
thank you to everyone who made last night wonderful!!
"all about the pants less men- well not the out of shape ones, come on over <propfirst>!!"
just heard nobody knows by the <propfirst> <propmale> project  wow
so school is cancelled due to waiting for snow- now how is there thunder involved in a snowstorm?
mardi gras at playwright!!
gah!!
"im sure zaine is going to sleep til 8+ today, never on the weekend"
catching up on my ugly <propfemale> and starting to plan for the march birthday bash!
off to tae kwon do! kick ass little man!!
<propmale> says im an angry bowler  i just try really hard to get it alll the way down there
my son told his entire 3rd grade that he cant have any brothers or sisters because his mom takes a pill!! his teacher could barely hold it in- thank you report card confs 
welcome snow- it has been almost one week with out you  you can leave again without getting comfortable
the crazies!!!
bend and snap!!
whats the probability of <propmale> getting zaine to school on time this week? its cmt time
is going to make toms life miserable if this sore throat continues  go c!!
ahh peters and my ladies bday fiesta!!
uggghhhhh    i cant imagine being anywhere else today- i love you all for last night!!!
i love this weather!!! and zaine loves his new chinese dragon hoodie!
nephew gets cuter with every picture i see of him!!! i remember when zaine was a chunky 8 month old     
heading to claudias fiesta and then playwright for lizs bday!! st paddys parade <propmale>!!!!!
ahh the feeling of the sun!!!
its quite possibly the saddest thing to try to find a friend that you have been meaning to call for a few months and to find they died just recently  what a blow to my day
wants to say i love you to all!!!
this reunion is not going to mean as much without you there- aye
lovely day with my boys!!
"and zaine are about to watch the new <propfemale> movie- i know, i know- but other than that the healing process is slowly coming  i feel an enormous cry coming every time i think of your face "
"after having a wonderful dinner, zaine has decided he cant finish eating  too much juice- and guess who is still there with 2 bites left  and will be for a while"
has a very quiet moment-and now can try to let you go <propfirst>
little man is a yellow belt- after some sweet board breaking! <propfemale>!!!
has never really heard of a plate sharing charge with addons for what was being shared  so our 20$ plate just turned into a 35$ plate  how much can a child and mother really eat with rice!!?? other than that my little man was throughly exhausted and fell asleep on the first 10 mins home
and zaine saw diary of a wimpy kid- so funny!! i laughed way harder than him!!
watching squeakquel from el conejo  go sox after dinner!!
"ahh fantastic, car broke down, and score is tied- go red sox!!!"
wishes for a warm day! lets bbq with our lovees!
going swimming! hello suit!
finishing up the weekend with a brunch and sore throat  fantastic!
whereever this foul cold came from it can disappear from my head  and  zaines thank you
"has had enough- im still sick, zaine is still sick, the puppy is sick with a bacterial eye thing and the car just stopped on the way to the vet  where as we are waiting for the cab, a little kid gets hit by a car while riding his bike"
"\civilians- those arent civilians theyre snacks\"" i love syfy and dinosaurs escaping through time travel into now """
and zaine are biking to tae kwon do  preparing for the championship!! if anyone wants to come  on sun!!
getting ready for the championship!! go zaine!!
needs a vacation  a weekend away- where to go?
"wine, homemade cheesecake(gracias <propfemale>), and a little man using his toes to <propfemale> around a danimals"
to the fuckers that stole our bikes- fuck you!!!
is anyone in ct getting the sox game? because we arent and its a good one      
todays the perfect day to go to home depot- almost as good as a shoe store
could not be happier that in 9 hours ill be done  just me and a little man tonite- what to do?
finally going out with <propfemale> and <propfemale>- its only been about 6 months
and her wine are now pondering what may be in her future- this could get ugly with all that wine
thoughts for you darth- snap out of it!!
getting ready to dirty sanchez it up at <propfemale> blues!! come on down people and watch the show around 10- 10 30 ish with yours truly!
"holy f*ck this chick is going to fall, after her boobs fall out  help me!"
almost to ohioooo!!
has humidity all around- hows ct?
needs a shower stat~ zaine needs severe aloe  how could i forget the sunscreen?
can we say go mexico!!
refuses to ever go against her instinct -or her fathers -or may future mother in law 
just cant today- just cant
"terminal 110, are we ready!?"
getting ready to watch adventure time - with finn and <propmale>
loves that her little boy is watching the world cup all by himself!! but this damn bite or whatever needs to go away!!!
wonders why after camp and tae kwon do my son is still crazy?
why do the computers always have to down with the board of <propmale>?
yeah zaine got in to the school!!
"heading to west haven- fireworks!!! this is going to be fun and exciting, yet why dont you want to enjoy this e playful erience? oh i know"
preparing for la fiesta a mi casa! yeah! slip and slide!!!
on to day 2 of sun and grillers 
needs to find the mosquito that likes only her blood at nite
just a fooool to believe!!
"is starting to feel like the worst mother ever- after a scratched eye, we now have severe sunburn(ty to camp) with blisters  why do pediatrics take so looong !!??? a 9 year old who hates his life  i said lets just hope we dont break a bone this summer!!"
going to the train- thank god its here in ct and not in amsterdam!! whoo!!
and after all these years- we still party hard! love my girls!!!
has finally gotten the cold that has travelled my house  damn!
was very busy according to her bank statement- i went to new london and dc this weekend  go me!!
happy first birthday to my beautiful nephew!!!
is off to somewhere in the northeastern side of ct with mah' ladies
just found out that petes mom wants a wedding to happen  my how scary is that!!!
"has a hawaiian shirt awaiting her, could hawaii just e playful ect my arrival?"
its birthday dancing at vandome for <propfemale>!! watch a white girl bust out that salsa! better yet who wants to see <propmale> on a latin dance floor??!!
is all enrolled for school! now onto acquiring the rest of my loans and hopefully a new computer   
is almost done with orientation! yippee to my parents for helping me out today!!! and lets take a break for sonic
beach beach beach  cant wait for saturday beach beach beach
is in maine waiting for <propmale> to get his lazy ass out of bed  do you know how hard it is to keep a dog and little boy quiet? it will all be worth it to see the pirate ship and sweeney!
"breakfast, more beach!!!! a little wedding preparation for <propfemale> and home!! after a fabulous rays stop of course!"
and forgot to mention that i whipped <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> sweeney in poker last night! whos the best boys! ha!!
just played the longest game of war ever- we threw the towel in!
has been informed by her son that he no longer is getting hugs from me- hes a man now not a little boy  i told him to go buy his own danimals and string cheese!
cant believe some little fuck went into my basement and stole my bike  im on a rampage and have a nice metal bat to meet your face  on a happier note trixie is coming!!! and <propfemale> tomorrow!
dancing with my beautiful sister and ladies!!! i cant wait!- until then <propmale>!!!!
heading off to devils gear and then piranah!!!
is watching the grey zone- so much for napping
countdown to many cups of coffee and  the first lecture of the year  im looking forward to sleep and <propfemale> coming back to work!!!!!
"is all done with the first lecture, now onto getting my zaine all ready for 4th grade  hellloooo new school!!!"
"first day of 4th grade done- he made a cool friend, and is a little pissy everyone calls him <propfirst>- his middle name for some reason is on his cmts, not zaine  give 'em hell boy!!"
remembering lady lovely locks and her pixie tails!!
"after this weekend filled with papers, a test, tons of sauerkraut and even more beverages, i need another monday vacay, please!?"
has had everything hit the fan at once!! please come up milhouse!!
"definitely has a grade average of 96 44  hell ya!  mi mundo is falling apart, but as long as i  make deans"
a day like no other  headache til the moment arrives
"i think its about time for a new coffeepot again, when you turn it on and nothing comes out for about 9 mins, it needs to go  it thinks its going to stay by working now "
heading out to be with the most adorable blonde nephew ever!!
is home with my naughty blind eating puppy!! only a mother could love the devil  so sorry <propfemale>!!!
anyone want to buy a 3 1 2 mth old yellow lab!?
"what a quiet house with my sleeping rocks, he misses <propmale>!"
loved the meal of homemade chicken soup and grilled cheese con cheddar and american!! yummmy! now onto tea and puppy cuddling!!
i cant believe ive reached a point in my life where im not happy with a 92 as a weekly grade average  if my 4 0 goes down im gonna be pissed!
is hibernating in the cave of blankets and im not coming out!! you know where ill be when you want to give me my - how about a cookie?
"is kind enough to share this wretched cold with all of new haven today  please enjoy, there is no tipping required "
is thinking the 23rd is the dance time for the birthday celebrations
needs eggs in the house so i can be domesticus today 
wants everyone to save the ta-ta's!!!!
just 2 more days till bday celebrations!! yeah for pong and dancing!!!
its party time bitches!!! get your drinking shoes on while i wear my 4 inch stillettooos
thank you to everyone and my tequila-<propfemale>us <propmale>- for all my happy birthdays!!!!!!!!! screw you and your 2 <propfemale> hamburger
just got fired for not working out any more  guess when you dont have a penis you dont work out
is heading to <propfirst> street in <propmale> for fun with my ladies!! after yesterday i better get my kicks in!!!! so this goddess is out the door!!!!
"every time i think about it i get so mad- my bonus, my son's christmas and all my bills  fuck you mr <propmale>"
thanks to the jury for putting the wicked to death  can we all line up to spit on him?
"as if anything else can go wrong- my favorite boots have the sole falling off, thanks vs and your cheap 90$ boots"
has a little man that loves taking these quizzes  so bear with all the stuff that may show up  except the <propfemale> one-that was all me!!
thinks that check has been put into play  onto the next move      be careful
i gotta get get my body moving and shake this stress away      baby i must say your <propfemale> is incredible
our thermostat is broken and it is almost 80* in here!! with the windows open! my gawd!
"this paper is kicking my ass   and in a week ill need a tutor, preferably one in my field, so come on lawyers, who happen to be- you know!! im a law abiding citizen!!"
all done with school for a week! yeah! now onto that little mans x mas list and jobs! what is the opinion on halo and the new call of duty? both too bloody for a 9 yo?
"has to admit she did not scold the pup for eating the chicken that fell on the table  can you say spoiled? after what he went through with all that touching from jersey girl, he needed it"
"baking-check, wine-check,puppy bathed for abuela-check!  come on down to <propfemale> blues people for dirty sanchez fri at 10!!!"
dirtahhyyy saannnchezzzz time! <propfemale> blues people!!
doing a jaws marathon- zaines fav line- smile you son of a -
"black dress, heels, hot bf, off to the wedding  yeah for newman!"
has never seen so many sequins in one place! i thought that was a wedding etiquette nono! im talking full dresses!
wonders why every wrdding we go to something happrns
nobody likes a pukey mouth~ including me  eeww  poor <propmale>
loves the story of where the short italians attempted to talk smack to the hot headed foot taller <propfemale> men  ahh boys
watching my name is <propmale> with the little man- i love how he laughs at things
does not take rejection very well- this is getting harder and harder
really should not watch ps i love you in this mood- wheres the tissues and <propfemale>?
has a pup that is ridiculously cuddly today- and tonite is first night of basketball practice!! yeah!!! go zaine!
why is the plenty of fish website all over todays music videos? should we all meet our spouses online?
"interview one down, now lets hope the next one is at mcgladrey so i can boost my career!!"
go bears!
just taught zaine how to do long division- what a nightmare on my part
"ahh the maine bridge and ozzy, what a christmas!"
is buying wine at a little sandwich shop! love maine!
hopes the weather men are wrong and we make it back to ct before the snow hits
just watched my present from my son- who knows my secret of chic flicks!
zaine is enthralled in halo and my body is slowly regaining its pre flu feeling
hates the part where the cartoon shoe gets the acid!
there are definitely new legos out- ninjagos! and they are most desired here- especially the <propmale> one- by zaine
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=7qh4qyi1-ys   one year and thats too long  miss you kev
doing the first law class assignments- with the feverish boy next to me
"isnt it fantastic that every other haven has canceled school, and yet not new haven? as if zaine really wants to be home another day, damn flu cant keep him down!"
welcome to training in the big office  hmmm
"how can a book i want cost so much money!?!? oh blacks law, you will come onto my bookshelf, very soon"
gin and redbull
ughh- american law lecture is biting my ass and my work training is done- there can not possibly be any more room for learning- time to spring clean the old brain!!!
feels like a guinness that overflowed and lost all its goodness!!! can sunday come when i can stare at my wall and do nothing??
is not loving preemption and the supremacy clause- time to put on the thinking music!
"changed my thinking music to <propmale> mcgraw, not a good idea, id prefer to listen and watch the videos than write about the intrastate commerce "
"will be briefing a case this week, i love my classes!!!"
"so according to yellow stone half of <propfemale> will be gone, well arent those mayans always right! see <propfemale>, put your notice in near christmas next year!!!"
"has just a few days left of this 9 year old, then onto the double digits- where did the 10 years go??"
isnt <propmale> going to be happy- no school again for my little man!!!
"has a sparkling bathroom, doing some target therapy and doing my groove thang tonite!!!"
getting all ready- <propfemale> i wish you were coming!!!
is so happy that zaine was surrounded by his loving friends on this snowy birthday!! i love you zaine!! now go to bed!!
you know where the salt is- in the car- which is really far when you take into account that i dont ice skate  i call it hysteria- yup
loves that i got a 100 on my first school case briefing!!!! finally found the right career!!
would love to be watching criminal minds instead of here at work listening to these kids!!
talk about bad luck- zaine and i get home from a great little dinner and drop his ds in the mop bucket  mom shouldve put the bucket in the corner!!!!
gets to see jonny today! cant wait til 8 when i get home!!
gatorade always leaves a funny film on my teeth-perhaps its the fruit punch
"getting so excited for zaines bday party tomorrow!!  he went around after seeing his candles, \im in the double digits!!\"" and proceeded to tell me his friend is going to hit on his tinas girls!!!"""
just heard new kids on the block on zaines cartoon the regular show-hanging tough-holy gayness
"wonders if there is a special lady that deserves the shower her little man is taking this morn?? he showered last nite, and you have to drag him shower every other day      "
grrrrrrrrrrrrr
new criminal minds- so exciting!!
would love a croissant and cheddar
can not concentrate anymore on federal procedure    must find shemar!!!
thinks <propmale> should maybe move in with sween- then maybe he wont have to do errands and talk to me
soy hecho   es tan estupida ahora
a day of litigation and lifetime- fabulous!
had a fabulous time shoe shopping with <propfemale>!! oh the caramel ones were awesome- but black is needed for those interviews! oh snap!
terminal! yeah to <propfemale>!
theres a time when you just feel lost and that trail of bread disappeared  damn wolves eating my trail!!
"the following are the most common grounds for disqualifying attorneys in civil litigation      today is world book day  game rules: grab the book nearest to you and turn to <propfemale> 56  write down the fifth sentence  post the sentence as your status and copy the rules as your comment  don't choose  pick up the closest book, and don't say what book it is "
zaines having a blast at his buddies house and mommas got her pirate dress on!!
"needing an ipod update, who knows anything about the sony line?? theres an 8gb for like 70$ and i did love my original sony walkman   "
oh its a corned beef kinda day!! and a shamrock shake!
"its going to be absolutely gorgeous out, and little man is going down with the sniffles!!"
"ok farmville buddies, i need one more puppy kibble!! dont let zaines pup run away on its last day!!"
not feeling so confident in this class!! and would love to be taking shots with my <propfemale> right about now!! sad 
is so happy that zaines fever is totally gone! now i cant use him as a heating blanket- but maybe we wont go thru a box of tissues a day!
"<propfemale> grape, yep"
whats it take for me to be a fire fighter? can t i just have the boots and suspenders???
its lovely to be woken up to cops racing by your house over and over again at 2 smile 0
feeling quite the pity party coming on- damn all you for getting things right!!
hells yeah boston!!!  woo hooo!!!
really needs lent to be over so i can go out dancing- next year im giving up something else
if i was on a date with <propmale> right now i would walk right out- listening to him talk about basketball is the biggest turnoff!!!
thats a no on the farmville reward thing- stupid offers and such
"wish i had those caramel heels right now, oh beautifulness!!"
just had to hide the mommy tears while watching the newest diaper commercial- all you pregnant happy people!!!
went boot shopping- apparently i am the only one who wants boots in new haven right now
"now on that 21 ?s thing, why would i ever play strip poker!! thats dirty!! its called strip <propfemale> pong- and i lost  sad "
"<propfemale> event with <propfemale> tomm, shopping for shirts and shoes friday (will i find my boots or be stuck with only heels?), and dancing saturday to celebrate lents ending!!! yeah!!!"
its time to start a new painting and i need a model and inspiration
at the oakdale with my <propfemale>! yeah for martinis and stuff!
when i get married all the women are wearing hats! forewarning you- dont worry ladies with the way im going youll have dementia by then
its a staind and baseball kind of day- and hopefully this memorandum of law will complete itself
cleats on the horizon
"i think my upstairs neigh<propmale>r is doing zumba tae <propmale> upstairs- perhaps i should blast the spanish music, that seems to piss people off!! lol"
adoring the freckles all over my little mans nose and cheeks! and starting to buff up on my country music for the 24 hr trip with my dad! any suggestions to listen to would be greatly appreciated!!
at <propfirst> astaire studio! yeah for dancing!
i really need to take advantage of things- like right now
"what a relief! i thought i did horrible (failed, insert whatever word) on my last weeks class and ended up acing it! yeah to keep the 4 0!"
if i learned anything today- my body is not what it was 5 years ago- next photo shoot is up and then <propfirst> st!
huge change of my plans- a little movie and bed
la cancion es my <propfemale>
"ok my ladies- so i think it is early enough to make plans with you for sat nite  no <propmale> that nite, so lets play!!"
"so how is it i work , go to school, mommy it up and still have to put away the groceries and cook? excuse me- a little appreciation gentleman, what did you do all day? or weekend! i just went there- i fbed my issue- or some of it   "
today is dragging  i need to be entertained!
should i apply to the new london job and move home??    
im moving to mexico- <propfemale> ill take care of your house
so if you can catch a baseball without ducking in fear(like me) we probly need some help at zaines first baseball game today!!
all done with homework and now off to zaines game!! and then just mom and zaine time   
the frostings just not stiff enough is all i can say!
zaine just got his email account and sent me the sweetest ecard!! makes up for the lack of mothers day i got!! its all kinds of roses!! awweee!!
this weather + my hair= a disaster!! cursed curly frizz!!
ohhh wont this week end so i can get to sat evening already!!!!! <propfemale>- i have a plan(you are going to love it!!) <propfemale> do you want to go dancing with my drunk ass after <propfemale> and i are done? (i promise i wont be that drunk!)
"what a day- work, make the pie and crust, zaines project, dinner and my homework! aye! im cloning myself- im so happy theres no sports today!!"
promise ill be kind     loving you is <propfemale> pie    
is going through a me phase  please just comply and ill get over it- well once i get what i want
is heading to zaines baseball game and then some quality time with my darling <propfemale> lopez   see you at 4!!
time to get ready for the next part of the day- dancing dancing!!
going shopping with <propfemale> <propfirst> gunther!! and the voice of <propmale> leto in my mind     yum
"i think my face and desk are going to meet, can i have a siesta?"
<propmale> just reached a new level in zaines affection- he howled ever so cutely and now he is his little wolf!!!
you know that feeling of when you wake up from a great dream- and its not real- sucks!
ok fb people- i am doing a speech on breastfeeding in public  now i ask you what your feelings are- i am all for feeding your babe when needed no cover up required unless the mother is uncomfortable
ohhh!! <propfirst> <propfirst> is coming!! i want to go! and id love some non parent opinions on breast feeding in public please!!
thats ortiz baby!!!! yeah!!!
id like to thank you ct and ny for your commentary on breastfeeding- my research has been fabulous
"oh lifetime, we are not friends today"
"can not even put into words how i feel  dont lie to me, it doesnt help"
does <propfemale> <propfemale> want to come out and play???
what a great weekend!! not so much the poison <propfemale>- but seeing the pup after days!! oh the excitement!!!!
just got asked to read the word of god at the beach  um   no thanks
guess what bitches!! i got a 95 on my final speech on breastfeeding- i used insight from your comments- thank you!! now off to think of green sheets
think its time for more sun!!!
"black swan and me time, this better be good"
baby ill take you where ever you want   
my so called life is on sundance right now!! how exciting!!
is absolutely loving this beach time with my lady!!
hello nasty little storm- wish i had some wine!!
i can not find any music i want to listen to!! damn rain delay   
lets run away from these lights back to yesterday    just keep running with our lips locked    and then im still runnng
"just got spammed from <propfemale> michaels- i should spam her and say i lost 3 pounds in less than a week, want to join my diet??"
"zaine just told me breasts are for entertainment use  hmm, what kind of child am i raising??"
come on drinking hour!!! get out of work already so we can go out!!!
"rabiosa, rabiosa- aya papi come down a little closer and bite me on the boca"
go mexico!!!! a fabulous evening with my darling <propfemale> lopez!!
"so first paper of the week- how do you feel about the scrutiny of tsa screenings and seeing the outline of everything, the possibility of radiation, and if the scanner malfunctions, you get a very physical patdown! would you please turn and cough sir?"
how many women does it take to try to fix a flat bike tire? instead of fixing it i broke it!! go us! that piece is not supposed to come out      thanks <propfirst> gunther!!!
"id like to thank the makers of nutty bars, perfect"
how can you have 18 bunnies and live in east haven!!??
no more brunette!! hello red head again!!! thanks <propfemale>!!!
oh my zaine <propfirst> you are breaking my heart  his whole class made him a folder of good bye cards and the look on him and his best friends face would make a muscle man cry    
"coffee, you are my best friend today  you mix so well with capital punishment"
aye- no bueno senor
zaine got perfect marks on his report card!! go little man!!
better get my wrassling skills in check! toms invading vandome tomorrow nite!!!
preparing for bokus festivities!!  water water water
ahh fuck it- this is getting to be the most ridiculous week ever
there is so much to do today- but first and foremost a beach bike ride
last bbq in west haven for awhile  sad 
hello eastern ct- we had illianos for dinner- now for some cuddles with a heartbroken little boy
"my spam offered me an italian vacation, dont mind if i do!!!"
my phone is fucked!! my touch screen doesnt work!! noo!!
i feel so strange not being able to text!! i never realized how much i now depend on it   grrr!!!
whew!! now i can text all over again!!
almost completely done!!! what a relief and the boys are fighting just like brothers!!
federal rules of evidence i am going to beat you today- and then tomorrow i am going to leave you behind for a week
seriously!? i dont think so
want to smell that sweet addiction on your breath
"ok my new haven, who is going to let me sleep on their couch friday nite? i dont have set times other than  i have to be in east rock by 10 15 sat morn!!!"
time to get dressed for this nite of sadness- then greatness!! they just dont go together
"does adding the waterproof mascara on the regular work as well? <propfemale> and mamacita, i apologize in advance no vodka today and ill bring the tissues- my own private stock   sad "
"thinks the worst part is that it hurts- now believe me- no more- and on a side note, some guy proposed to his lady with this beautiful cake at the restaurant tonite, thankfully for him she said yes!!"
"someone is hiring for a female only to work evenings in their office- hmm that cant be good, go craigslist"
if only you would let me in
a nite of crank 2 cant go wrong there
my new haven lovers- prepare for the weekend
not cool that i cant log into westlaw when i really really need to!!!
my little boy is home!! now we get to prepare for new haven!!
mommas boy is so homesick- i cant handle his tears   i hope this weekend is what he needs
new haven arrival in less than an hour! zaine is so happy!!!
beach and dancing- ahh life is sweeett!!
"absolutlely loves training it with zaine, we should do a long trip!"
come on boston!!!
holy awkwardness on social networking!!
baby ima show you how
you're so shy and i'm loving your tie
sushi and now some modello
little man and i singing our flogging <propfemale> songs- why he dances a jig
off to buttonwood! yeah!
"hmm, army, construction, navy, firefighter, and mechanic, banker  this is ridiculous! <propfemale> you would enjoy this as much as <propfemale>!!"
whoo red sox!!!!
the falls in life are meant to teach- so how do i get to redo a few?
"the mother who is being prosecuted for her childs death from jaywalking is so fuckin ridiculous, i cant even fathom  how does placing her in jail longer than the bastard that was driving and drinking help this world? its ok to drown your child, hide the body, and lie to everyone, but to cross the street with the child and have a horrible accident occur(by a driver who apparently wasnt paying attention)- its her fault"
