35710826e1d49ddde5aa60b07285b928
"2011, i got alot going this year  i dont have time for bullshit or bullshiters   i got to get back 2 money!!! its game time  haters can suck on a bullet or fuck a blade!! give or take huh, not really asswipe "
i`m single
fuck the haters!!!!!!!!!
whats most important about life?
i got alot on my plate!! real talk
i am one man that will make a impack somehow!!!!!!!!!!!
i painted a car today  it was not my best job!!!!!!!!
real talk i need a good women!!!!!!!!!!!
"i to paint a car in da next few hours,better get zzzzzzzzzzzs"
"live for today, pray for tomorow"
"life is an adventure, you got to keep moving to end, u will have ups and downs ,but dats all apart of role,"
"its friday, i need a beer!!"
last nite was great!!
what is going on?
"as i walk through life  i've learned, that either you control your attitude or it controls you  i've learned,that sometimes when  i'm angry i have the right to be angry, but that doesn't give methe right to be cruel  i've learned, that no matter how good a friend is, they're going to hurt you every oncein a while and you must forgive them for that  feel me!!"
"i  got da car beating 2 table out, one card game da other one got da bones on it, thats how u do a sunday with grill on feel me & its not a party with out beer,got love it!!!"
"its monday, here we go again!"
"i feel all alone in this world sometime, just too much bullshit for one to handle on his own!!!!!!"
i need help on this one ladies  so what a real women looking for in a man?
"dame shit hard, so much on my plate, i don`t even have a woman to turn to, dame!!!!!!!!!"
"i keep it real, i am a man of my word  fuck da haters "
so what a lady is looking for in a man!
"it really doesn't matter what age you are  what nationality  what country you come from \weather you are <propmale> or poor  what schools you were educated in  how big your city is or how small your town  we all need love  there has been a huge shortage of that \it is saddening to me, that we all have gotten away from the real reason we all are here "
"life is a gamble,an i am all about my poker chips!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
so ladies what are somethings you like to do when you go out?
thanks god its friday!!
"can`t for get da beer later,dats a must on friday nite "
nothing like a beer on a friday nite!!!!!!!!!!
don`t you hate people who do not know how to shut da fuck up!
life is a gamble & i am all about my poker chips!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so to a women,whats a good date?"
"only 3 ways to make money, steal it, 9 to 5 or married in to it "
"i think i might take me trip to new orleans, yea show my azz in new orleans da city mis ur boy"
"when love is present; age, gender, and race should not matter  but in our times, the system and other bigoted minds try to force us to separate  why must they attempt the impossible  when two hearts are connected by love, then that's it  they are forever intertwined and their hearts will forever beat as one "
"don`t you just hate people who play games? shit just be real!! i know i am cause, my word is my pride"
"we all are born to die,da key is to be happy, protect what matters an love all "
"i lost so many times in life,shit i think its time to win!"
"houston,tx is 99f outside dame"
"this path we call life,once a path worth walking on and living for,now a path of misery and woe,sadness  everyone ,my friends,family just feel like i`m being left behind,pushed aside,never to remembered by anyone  now alone on this path,on one by my side to walk with or guid me the right way  i keep walking but i dont know where  this path is going nowhere,me,i`m going nowhere "
"so what do women like,when they with with there man?"
where do you go when you have no where to go?
i feel all alone in this big world!
i don`t have all da answers 
"looking for a job,is a job!!!!!!!!"
i would like to have enough money or power in order to impress people who think they are better than i am                 not really!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i believe that all people have the best of intentions, even though they do not always act upon them "
i had to put down my $1000 jeans!
i hate it when you get behind someone & they fucking ass hit da brakes 
"dame, its reck day in <propmale>"
"fuck!!, u do a fav for somebody,shit go wrong,me & cuz could of got kill & all they care about is a sofa!!! shit not right"
"life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances, losing and finding happiness, appreciating the memories, learning from the past, and realizing people change!"
"whats up with women having  men as  best friends, are they doing something on da side or what?  get at me, on this ! shit keep it real "
"life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances, losing and finding happiness, appreciating the memories, learning from the past, and realizing people change"
re indecision k---------- confirmed! text 32665 (fbook) to set you
re indecision shit ant right
life is a gamble & i am all about my poker chips!!!!!!!!!
great all da bad azz kids are back in school
"this is the land opportunity, where a poor man can become a <propmale> man & a pussy can be come a tough guy ,with a gun in hand!!"
"if you die tomorrow,would u be proud of everything you did in life up intil today!! would you?"
its going down saints going to kick dat azz
with a full tank of gas at 259mph in 12 mins tires will melt & da car is out of gas  now dats a trill!!!!!!!!!!!
da sun don`t shine forevere
everything in life has money in it someway or another 
live 2 day & dream tomorrow people! real talk
"i got to go back to old me, whit not giving a fuck  i had to drop out of school, it was one of da hardest things i had to do caues of money  now i work 2 jobs looking for a 3rd  not sleeping at night,back on the push ups, going hard in da paint  fuck it, it is what it is"
"i am in recovery mode: getting ride of the garbage in my life, putting it in the trash  i am on some got to win shit  its time to get rid of <propfemale> needed shit  putting what works to work  i am staying away from haters, complainers, bullshiters  i know that’s not a word but fuck it  !!!!!!!"
"i am taken out da trash! i got no love for most shit now days i been kick when i was down so fuck um  its time to rebuild, restack, rethink,remind myself of everything that happen  i got no love  my mind set on how to better then anyone i come across  so thats just mean it don’t matter to me  i just don’t care, i want be defeated  i only can win,i have no room for the other shit they created a monster that cant loose"
"i am going to be what i set out to be, its to late to back down  i am maning up  i am in beasts mode  dont have time for a snitch, bitch, pussy, cowerd "
i need a good women!
no love
"i feel peanutopolis!! if u have no with that mean, look it up "
"i am on da road to be a millionaire, fuck all that hate,that just fuel my ego, so go ahead & hate! no love"
"it funny, how people try to run me into the ground  fuck um all!!! the money is making hard shit easy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i’m on the road to greatness  no if ands or buts about it  i’m manning up, imma hold my ground  i’m so fed up with 2010 there been times i’ve should of just broke down  i was going through things, most men could not handle  i am walking through the storm, 2011 for me is all about raising the bar   no more dead ends  i `am focus solely on handling my responsibility’s as a man  its time to put my life back together "
"i got to do whats right for me, no matter what law think  its game time  fuck the haters "
