7f83eb8f65037c2334917b2ce21a4830
"happy new year, everyone! i hope you all had a great new year's <propfemale>  i know i did  ?"
what is my life?! d:
hmm 
is finally summer school free!  laugh  demi lovato concert tomorrow with the little sis  rofl   playful 
is kind of addicted to sorority life  oops   confidential 
is going crazy  how many more days until graduation?  playful 
"senior year, baby!"
singing at the football game was awesome  :') i actually had a good day today    there's a surprise 
all this college stuff is going to be a <propmale> pain  :[
 smile 
"this week should be    interesting, to say the least  blink-182 on thursday!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
why is mint chocolate chip ice cream so delicious?
"y'know, i could really shoot myself in the face for ever having thought that twilight was better than <propmale> potter  so, so stupid!"
region tomorrowww! woohoo   laugh 
region is going to be so amazing tomorrow! i can't wait!  laugh 
i had such a great night!  laugh 
r i p  the rev  sad 
eighteen tomorrow! woooo!  laugh 
amaaaazing night   laugh 
"i don't know about you, but i kind of like the new home <propfemale>   playful "
jumped on the bandwagon   surprise  http annoyed  www formspring me yodisa
i love me some poseys  playful 
the last show i'll ever put on in high school is tonight   surprise  what a strange thought 
spamming my news feed is not cute  thanks 
recital was good  great job to everyone who performed! nothing left to do but graduate   laugh 
graduation!  laugh  i'm so excited!
finally a high school graduate  awesome   laugh 
happy birthday to katieeee!  laugh  ?
"okay, i'm hopping on the bandwagon  like this status and i'll tell you: something i like about you, something i don't, a confession, and my first impression   smile "
"love is just a word, until someone comes along and gives it meaning  ?"
weeeeird 
college is fun   playful 
my tuesday thursday classes are boooooring  but choir is awesome    and we're going to carnegie hall in may!!!  laugh  i'm so excited!
government test tomorrow    yayyyy   playful  i'm actually studying for once 
ask me questions! http annoyed  deesa tumblr com ask
i made a 104 on my gov't test! yay!!!  laugh 
i wish i had some sweet tea  gurrrr 
h-piddy was awesome 
paychecks are pretty cool
"i would just like to let you all know that i have the most incredible boyfriend, ever  that is all   smile "
"don't you hate when you're going to have nothing to do for a while, and you realize you left your headphones at home?  indecision "
