5002b72815a9e48aa5bbea48f959a1b3
whats it like when we die?
"i'm moving into my apartment this weekend, goodbye whittier and hello irvine   ima miss this place"
looks like the big move has been postponed until next thursday
"i'm officially 20 years old! thats 2 decades   wow now i really feel old, lol"
"thank you <propmale>, carmin, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale> and <propfemale>   i had class so no party but it made my day to get your posts, lol"
can't wait to go back home gonna get my presents plus im gonna have sonic's breakfast for the 1st time ever!
i got the job!!!
had the best time ever last night!
"studying for midterms   i think ill do quite well, lol"
"first day on the job 12pm to 6pm   im already really bored but hell im getting paid $8 25 an hr so i cant complain if all i have to do is sit on my butt, lmao"
"who's the <propmale> i got straight a's on my 3 count'em 1, 2, 3, midterms! lmfao!"
back in whittier for halloween to finally kick back & relax  smile 
"had a great halloween,  smile "
"im dying, lmao! i havent been this sore in ages, just finished the big move into my new house and there isnt a single muslce in my body that doesnt ache   its gonna be a long week, lol"
"got 3 midterms and  paper due this week   ill survive somehow, lol"
"heading back to whittier tomorrow, i really need a vacation"
studying for bio 1a and abnormal psych 120a while working the graveyard shift in the lab 8pm - 1am   can't wait until finals are over and done with
"its almost time to flex my greatest muscle   i've got a final in 11hrs, lol "
"i'm finally back to facebook had to take an hiades, lmao! how are you all?!"
oh my i had no idea there was a tornado warning in orange county today i figured something was up because i was nearly knocked unconscious by a flying branch and nobody was walking around on campus  you'd figure uci would have sent us an email or something   
"just finished my fasfa, yay!"
heading back to whittier tomorrow think i'll catch a movie in uptown  anything good come out recently?
"finished enrolling for spring quarter 18 units this time   i can handle that, lol"
"back in whittier to catch my breath, one last rest before finals   this is gonna be a long two weeks, lol "
just 11 more days then i'm done with winter finals 
"what there was an earthquake? i had finals since this morning i wouldn't have known if the building was on fire let alone if there was an earthquake, lol "
"heading back to whittier later today i'm gonna celebrate my little brothers birthday! oh man i still gotta get him a present, lol "
"got 4 midterms next week   enough said, lol "
"to my friends, family, and lovers i must shut myself off from the world for the next several weeks   midterms are on the horizon and i fear i must brave another storm of multiple choice, short answer, and heaven forbid essay questions   should i survive these next two weeks of torment i will return to you all until the next storm comes that is   lol good luck everyone i believe in each and everyone of you!  smile "
"back in whittier for the weekend, 2 midterms down 2 more to go need my rest for the final haul "
just   1   more   afraid   i'm   losing   my   mind   lol
"i'm free!!! i have suffered the 7 stages of hell and emerged in one piece muhahahaha,  lol  wait   now when i think about it i have another round of midterms in two weeks   nooooooooooooooo! wishing everone well and godspeed lol"
"back in whittier, but i'm dreading tomorrow   i'm gonna be so sore, lol"
696hrs 38mins 33secs left until   freedom!!!
384hrs 13 mins 40secs left until   freedom!
home stretch people just 96hrs 11mins and 45 secs until i'm free!!!
finally i'm done with school! yay! i'm looking forward to an awesome summer break if anybody wants to hangout just hit me up and i'll be there  to everyone i know i wish you a fantastic summer and hope to see you soon!  playful  later
its official i just got confirmation that i will be taking the driving test for my california class c liscense august 3rd! yay =p
i passed!!! i am now officially a class c licensed driver!  smile  =p =o  annoyed  =o =p  smile 
"drove all the way to huntington beach then went cruising up and down pch  there is nothing quite like cruising with some good tunes up and down the beach  all in all it was an awesome day even though i found out from dentist that i have to get my wisedom teeth \extracted\"" lol """
this morning on my way to school i saw a <propfirst> hydroplane into the freeway guard rail  the driver was ok but his car had a huge scratch running down its entire left side  i guess thats what happens when you speed on the freeway in the rain let that be a lesson to us all lol  hope everyone is safe & keeping themselves dry 
had an awesome time catching up with my old tenor section saturday! i am very proud of all of them; i was reminded that the e playful eriences we shared as a section had a great impact on my life  from the back-breaking lunges to field show tournaments to nearly killing each other on a daily basis  i just wanted to give a shout-out to them & let them know i wouldn’t trade a single moment of it for anything 
i'm free!!!
"i just got my grades for fall, and  they are annoyed \psych learning theory --> a\psych brain disorders --> a-\social science --> a+\\booyah! (double fist pump)  smile "
fun fact: when you look at someone you love your pupils dilate   the same thing happens when you look at someone you hate 
"today as i was navigating through the 10,000's upon 100,000's of wall posts and comments spilling from every webpage  i began to wonder just how many people realize that all of this stuff never goes away even if you delete it   all those adorable drunken wall posts & incriminating photos of you partying it up when you're supposed to be out sick never goes away they exist in some shape or form on the internet forever "
send me your psn id's
