7c7eb3d4b929617b058c988205c65aba
i'm new to facebook and i'm e playful loring the website 
"this new year's was awesome! we had firecracker wars and 3 foot sparkler light saber wars   then we went to an epic party with all kinds of beer, shots, and drinking games such as screaming nazis, master das boot, ultimate beer pong, beer bongs, and a game of don't drop the spoon! always guard your spoon!      or someone might grab it on throw it on the floor; then you have to take yet another shot of screaming nazi "
"if any of you got a post on your wall about a girl killing herself after her father posted something on her wall, then don't click on the link  i thought it was a joke because other people posted it on my wall; so i clicked the app to see but it was a virus instead  it automatically posts the link on other people's wall without my permission  i deleted the application so hopefully it won't do that anymore  oops lol "
i finally logged into my facebook after      hmm        a few months? more? lol idk  i use myspace mostly because more people have it lol  i think i'll have some fun e playful loring facebook for awhile 
i'm enjoying french press coffee and biscottis and pastries with wixon this morning  smile  soon he has to leave to work in seattle for another week but it's his last week thankfully  i will spend that whole week catching up on one of my college classes!
"i processed my roll of film for photography class today! the negatives look like they will turn out nicely! my favorite slide got ruined during processing unfortunately, but i know where to retake the picture  this class is so exciting!  joyful "
i'm terrified of bad college grades!!  surprise  i hate watching my grade go to an a- so early in the quarter! i also hate miscommunications and teamwork  they are the main cause of lower grades for me  i would love teamwork if it weren't for the fact that i receive the same grade as my teammates  i hope teamwork works out for me this quarter   i'm so frazzled this quarter! >o<
"the longer i live, the more i realize how i am so mysterious and misunderstood by other people   the good judges of character find me mysterious  the rest usually misunderstand me and my whole personality   i guess people just need to get to know me really well         and i mean really well before they can understand me lol  smile "
"i'm going to be a sexy pirate lady for halloween! i can't wait  i need to party, have a good time, and become \unstressed\"" from life as a college student """
save meeeeeeeeee!!!!!  i have to do a speech for business class monday and i'm scareded! i'm afraid the only thing i'll get out of my mouth will be lunch  lol
"i realized that i was over thinking my little speech for tomorrow  all i have to do is think of it like writing  however, i'm having doubts i'll sound as eloquent giving a speech as i do when i write  i have terrible stage fright "
"i just got back from visiting <propfirst> in seattle while he works  we all went on a random adventure through seattle on a saturday night  man, the bus system is complex up there! i had a dream about that day a while ago before i knew it would happen  it was almost exact except for the cast of scrubs was riding the bus too         weird lol  laugh "
i can't wait for halloween!!!!
"my speech was horrible! i couldn't find words for 30 seconds, then i started talking in a squeaky voice for another 30 seconds, broke into a cold sweat and got shakey, forgot what i was saying in midsentence, and i only spoke for 1 minute instead of 3  everyone else was great! i think they had confidence knowing they couldn't do worse than me lol  instructor was nice and gave me an a  this will be a funny memory lol "
yay i uploaded a cool autumn photo i took in photography class 
i'm excited about halloween today! i know of a party and i'm going to wear my sexy pirate lady costume!
"i've turned into a frazzled college student lol  it's feels good knowing i'm getting an education but i'm behind on one of my classes now  i had to make the others a priority because of the stack of work they dish out on a weekly basis  now i have to catch up on the easy class  who knew the easy class would stress me out lol  no worries, i'll catch up no problem "
"i got 666 profile views on myspace today  i had said, \that can't be a lucky number!\"" but so far i'm having good luck today! now back to the rum!"""
i'm drinking rum rum rum! yum yum yum! lol! now i'm making cats <propmale> laser pointers up the wall! the ultimate entertainment!!!
wow! we just polished off two fifths between five people and two cats  we're hardcore!!! lol 
i might be getting a car soon!          finally!  joyful  hope i get it!
???? rockin out to metallica!!!! ????
"got a car yesterday! it isn't pretty, but i'm not complaining because it has decent <propmale> for its year and it runs great!        and that's a damn good deal for $400!"
"i'm eating the world's best ever homemade soup! wixon made it  it is a creamy, cheesy, potato soup with a bunch of other stuff in it and it looks like barf but that is how a lot of delicious foods look!"
"i'm at the 80's event at lcc! there's a band playing 80's music, yummy food, and everyone is wearing dorky sunglasses      including me! lol  joyful "
i bought some new jeans today  it is so hard to find jeans that fit right  i think they're made to fit women with a boy shape body and no sexy curves lol  <propmale>'s seem to be one of the few exceptions  my butt looks awesome in <propmale>'s  laugh 
"i can't wait until thanksgiving! my family is bringing all the desserts up to family in tacoma  i'm going to make a raspberry cheesecake, sour cream blackberry pie, pumpkin pie, sour cream raspberry pie, ambrosia salad, & candies sweet potatoes! another interesting part of this thanksgiving is that we will be having prime rib instead of turkey  yum! too bad i'm the only one that likes duck though, or i'd cook a duck!"
it's snowing!!!!!!! i'm so excited  joyful   it was snowing earlier but now it's sticking! me and wixon are gonna go walk around and play in it now  bye!
i bought some new skinny jeans  now it's time to buy some leather boots to go with my leather jacket  very sexy!
normally plain vodka tastes gross no matter what you mix it with; but surprisingly it tastes okay in cream soda!
"i feel change coming again         i'm don't know what it is, but apparently my subconscious does lol  i've always been right about these things  i feel like it might be a bad change    but i don't know  i might just be intimidated by it   damn    this is going to bug the hell out of me until it happens lol  oh well, i'm sure everything will be okay  smile "
"i went to the christmas parade and tree lighting with wixon today! the best part of the parade was the old classic cars, especially the loud, sexy, muscle cars    i love them!! i want one someday   there were also horses, llamas, and a camel  then we went and got some free hot chocolate and subway   a very nice night indeed!  smile "
gin and redbull!!!!!!!!
i saw a <propmale> waters (pink <propmale>) the wall concert last night at the tacoma dome! it was the full production of the wall and it lasted 3 1 2 hours  <propmale> waters said that a full production of the wall hasn't been played in 30 years until this tour  the concert was absolutely powerful and amazing!!! i uploaded videos of the concert here on facebook 
crap! some of the <propmale> waters concert videos with the best clips couldn't be uploaded because they're over 20 minutes long  i'll have to try myspace      
"lol! here are a couple damn good reasons to never cheat on your girl!\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rb7onnfijai\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wasy8yy-mr8"
"remember, this christmas, while you are eating your dinners and laughing, that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting  they gave their life so that you can sit with your family  so light a candle this christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back    and for those still serving in iraq, afghanistan, or elsewhere  repost this as your status to show your respect"
i can't wait until christmas!!  joyful 
i'm getting ready to watch vampires suck   it looks like it will be a hilarious parody of the twilight saga lol 
ahhh    rock music soothes the soul                just about any kind too!
you know i'm bored when i spend excessive time of facebook and myspace lol 
food takes 7 seconds to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 6 6lbs  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  a femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire text while the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile   smile 
"i had a nice christmas! i got a huge tub of italian charms, modeling <propmale>, dark purple converse, great smelling perfume, and a silver and white sapphire ring that wixon gave me  smile "
i grrr at the new myspace!     and i'll rawr if they don't fix it!
"when i'm misunderstood & disrespected by some of my family & i stand up for myself, i just get told to get used to it because the world is a disrespectful place  ouch  that's something i've been well aware of for over half my life; but is it so much to ask some respect from family at least? you can't change who you're related to  oh well  i guess it's good i have my chosen family, even if i don't have that many  smile  ?"
just got out of circut training class at lcc   today was all lower body and cardio  i got a head start before class after missing my bus and then running for 15 minutes to catch another bus at the next stop lol  my leg muscles cramped after class and i almost fell down the gym stairs  laugh 
"the cage fights at the hardtails bar last night were awesome! one guy got knocked out, one got the worst bloody nose i've ever seen in my life, another guy thought he was a spider monkey, and david-lee's fight lasted the longest!\\then we got wasted!"
i'm going to see about posting the videos of the cage fights   we got some awesome footage!
"i'm so annoyed!! both of my cats are in heat at the same time   when one isn't howling, then the other decides it must be her turn   god forbid there be silence in the house       especially at 2 smile 0 a m   i can't hear my thoughts over meooowwww! meoooowww! i'm thinking about getting one of them spayed lol  oh well, for now i guess i have to distract them <propfemale> pot (catnip), then pet them until they fall asleep lol  smile "
"you and i wake up in jail together\not knowing how we came to be there \\using only 4 words, what would you say to me?\\   note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well \be a good sport and play along         and 4 words only please      "
yummmm      crab stuffed mushrooms       joyful 
"i feel like a car stuck in the mud  i keep trying to go somewhere in life but i just stay in the same place       at least it feels that way   it's tiring; but there's no way in hell i'll give up! because if i stopped trying, i would surely go no where   besides, i'm stubborn  smile "
"me and <propfirst> went shooting yesterday  i shot a 22 and a 12 gauge like a champ  smile  after a little bit, i rarely ever missed a target  i know what i want for next christmas lol!"
"today, me and <propfirst> went <propfemale> hunting in a creek   we didn't dig for the huge <propfemale>s   we just went surface picking instead of going deep in the woods on a short winter day   we got a lot of pretty little <propfemale>s, agates, and etc   maybe in the spring or summer we'll go hunting for those big ones  smile "
i drank lots of coffee!!!!!! o o
damn i'm bored         time to catch a bus from lcc now  i've done lots and lots of homework today     
"i'm at the el tapatio restaurant in oregon just across the bridge  i hope the food is tasty! i also have a nice view of the water, the beautiful geese, a nice stone fountain, and the mills polluting the air      how lovely  lol just kidding  i don't care that i can see the mills  i just think it's funny  the mills just don't match the environment lol  laugh   ah what life would be without humor   a"
ah! i'm reading a classbook at college and my eye won't stop twitching! have you ever tried to read for hours with a twitchy eye? it's extremely annoying! i feel like tweek from south park      aah!       ah! >x0
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours "
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make her cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence & mental abuse "
"me, <propfirst>, and his parents spent the whole day at a big sportsman convention in puallup  tons of people went too  they had guns, dogs, rvs, archery, fishing supplies, bbq's, trucks, and much more          so i guess it was more like a redneck convention lol  laugh    it was a pretty awesome! i had fun checking it all out  smile   practically anything that involved the outdoors was there "
"i saw a comedy act by <propmale> barnett at lcc's theater last friday  this guy is hilarious!! he's starting to get famous and get his name out there  he's been on comedy central, last comic standing, the tonight show with <propfirst> leno, and more     i got my ticket signed by him and got some pictures taken with him too  he's a pretty cool guy!"
"ha ha! i know what the highschool completion students in my college building have been doing in class!  i grabbed a cup full of someone's left over coffee and as i left to go wash it out, i smelled that it had been spiked with liqour  then when i got to the bathroom, it smelled like pot bad in there! lol hilarious!  laugh "
"uhhhh      i don't feel so well   i hope the lil' devil burgers at lcc weren't bad   the <propfemale> root helps though   if any of you ever get nausea, eat a bite of some fresh <propfemale> root   it actually helps a lot "
yay! my stomach ache went away! guess it was just low blood sugar as i suspected at one point       
hmmm      interesting   the facebook smileys don't show up on mozilla firefox browsers   how sad     sad 
"i'm going to earn a little money for <propfirst>'s day so me and <propfirst> can go out to a movie, have some dinner, and a few treats  smile "
"i'm going to eat some kfc!!!   laugh \\isn't my status kick ass? i bet you all loved reading my awesome status!  lol "
who actually knows me? first name: ____ middle name: _____ last name: _____ age:_____ birthday:_____ eye color:_____ hair color: _____ <propmale> name:_____put this as your status to see who gets it right
lcc sent me a e-mail saying there would be free hot chocolate and apple cider on wednesdays in the admissions building so i went there and there's no hot chocolate and apple cider > annoyed   grrrrrr         i wanted some damn it!
"i'm gonna get you back newbie!!! lol  laugh  \\         muahahahahaha > smile "
me and <propfirst> just got done drinking free coffee from the old jitters in kelso   it's called dutch bros  now and you wouldn't believe the looooonnnnnggg line of cars and people lined up for free coffee! they played some loud music and passed out a bunch of stickers and cool stuff to the crowd though   only in washington would crowds of people stand in the rain for an hour for free coffee lol 
yay for <propfirst>!  joyful 
i've been so bored! i think i have the after christmas blues         i want summer to hurry up and get here fast! usually all the fun stuff happens during the summer   also my 21st birthday will be this summer in july  joyful    oh btw wixon's 21st is in march here soon      so everyone go bar hopping with wixon!  laugh 
i must be very mysterious to other people  people tend to be uncomfortable talking to me outside a group or they are confused about how to act around me  some even completely misunderstand my personality   sometimes negatively  i'm not complaining of course  smile  i'm just saying that makes it very hard to make good friends sometimes   i wish people wouldn't be afraid to get to know me well 
"i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me   but i want you to lie  that's right, just make stuff up! then i want you to copy and paste this on your status so i can do the same!!!"
mmmmm    i'm eating homemade beer batter fish and french fries with some kind of fry sauce 
"i've been reading my college transcript and i noticed that during depressing or stressful periods of my life that i get more bs than as  i even saw a couple cs i didn't know about and it startled me, like boo! it's a c!!! aaahhhh! where the hell did you come from!! o o  and now they haunt me     \i've been going to a lot of stress lately and my memory and concentration suffer because of it "
"me and <propfirst> had a good <propfirst>'s day  first he surprised me a beautiful pure silver necklace with hearts and white topaz  then i took us out to watch \the mechanic\""  very good movie but the film caught fire at the climax of the movie     it was their only film reel of the movie so we were given re-admisson tickets to see it again later on lol  then we ate and had some bubble tea  it's very tasty!"""
have any of you had bubble tea yet? go to the pho place where the old pizza schmizza was by winco and try one with tapioca beads  it is basically a thick smoothie made with tea and on the bottom they'll put in some tapioca beads the size of small grapes  they're unbleached    so they're black  it's looks like some kind of weird chewy fish egg but they're very good!
i need to upload more of the pictures i took for black & white photography class   i have a bunch more    i've just been somewhat busy  i can't upload my fav photo that my teacher picked for the <propmale> show until june though  sad 
"i lit my hair on fire a couple day ago lol  i was washing my hands next to a tea candle, and then i hear sssssssssss        i'm glad i was next to running water! bad things happen to super long hair       like getting shut in car doors, getting snagged on things, getting attacked by cats, getting lit on fire, etc  but it's not too bad  you can't even tell it was burnt  i'm just glad i don't use hair spray lol "
me + pile of homework + staying up late = murdered alarm clock  -_-
yay! a four day weekend! now i need to find something fun to do during my four day weekend   
"lcc is having free food, desserts, and entertainment from 6 surprise 0 to 8 surprise 0 tonight  i'm telling you guys because it's open to the public (which is rare) and who doesn't love free food!!! i love free food   i'm gonna dig in!"
"i don't know why, but watching snow flurries dance around a few budding <propfemale> blossoms is so pretty  it's something i rarely see  i guess mother nature can't decide if it's time for winter or spring lol "
i got my permit to learn to drive! finally   i've been trying everything in my power to learn to drive since i was 16 -_- lol  so no more standing in the wind and rain waiting for a bus that is running half an hour late        which is late enough to make me miss classes at lcc occasionally   i hate the damn bus system in longview!!
"gah! i accidentally bought noisy boots! where ever i walk in them i hear clop, clop, clop, clop          it makes me feel like i should be tossing my thick mane of hair and go neeiiiigggghhhhhh! lol   i walk like a cat     not a horse \\maybe i can glue cushions on the bottom of these things     "
it's so fun to go out to the road at night after it has freshly snowed and make road kill angels  laugh 
cherry grape  laugh 
mmmmm         eating nutella by the spoonful      i'm in heaven     
insomnia isn't so bad when you have 5 cats and a laser light
i'm locked in a building at lcc because they're having a lock down  some kid hasa gun either at <propfirst> <propmale> or lcc  from what i hear cops are everywhere and there's a swat team ready  other surrounding buildings and schools have been locked down too  i have to pee and there's no bathroom damn it    
i want lemon poppy seed muffins         i should find a way to make them! lemon poppy seed muffins are the best muffins 
"wixon stopped by lcc and fed me a nice lunch  smile   we had some crackers and dip, vitamin water, and seafood <propmale> yummm   "
"i finally get to graduate ceo at lcc  smile   \\it's a year & a half later than most people get their diplomas, but it's because i wasn't allowed into kindergarten until age 6 because of my birth date  then, when i entered ceo they didn't count the highschool credits i already had so i ended up having to wait another half a year to graduate  annoyed   but it turned out to be a good thing     "
"i'm trying to decide on a career path and i can't make up my mind  it seems like every interesting career i research has either a bad job outlook, low pay in comparison to the time and money i'll put into education, very stressful work, etc   annoyed   \right now i'm researching the careers of a naturopathic doctor and architect     \\i'm grown up and i still don't know what i want to be when i grow up! lol"
hmmm      the movie inception actually makes more sense after you watch it for the second time         i think   the ending has me in doubt   
"<propfirst> <propfemale>, the bassist from <propfemale> in chains died today  bummer       they haven't determined the cause of death yet "
"i've been kinda lost, confused, and apprehensive lately, but not too bad    i think i've developed a mental block for these kinds of things lol \my dream last night seems to hint at that too  lol weird dream  laugh "
always listen to your dreams  your mind knows more than you think    
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together \\using 4 words, what would you say to me?\\note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  \   \be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think!!!!"
gah! i'm so antsy! i want to do something fun this weekend and instead i'm sitting around going stir crazy! >x- 
"me and <propfirst> saw the movie battle los <propfemale> at the theaters last night   good movie but had a very unrealistic ending    yes it's just a movie, but perhaps they're leaving it open to a sequel?"
i'm going to make some spicy <propmale> pasta! yummm    i love italian food   
i got up at 6 smile 0 a m  just to go on a paper four leaf clover hunt at the college  i found one of the three and won a gift card to target! i also entered a raffle and won a starbuck's gift card  laugh   i also had so many green cookies and green lemonade that i don't ever want to see a cookie ever again!        for a couple more hours   i ate scary amounts of green food  surprise 
i had fun at the st  <propfirst>'s day party last night  smile  it was all about drinkin and fightin in the ring of potatoes  i fought in the potato ring also  i won! woo hoo! lol  laugh  the guy i wrestled had a small body frame but i don't judge a person's strength by their body type  some very good fighters i've seen have been thin or short  i would've stayed for more competitions but <propfirst> had to get up early lol  smile 
"(_!_) regular ass\(__!__) fat ass\(!) little ass\(_*_) sore ass\(_o_) an ass that's been around\(_?_) dumb ass\(_e=mc2_) smart ass\and the best one annoyed (_x_) kiss my ass"
gaahhhhh! i'm so frustrated with my college book that i'm going to start poking it with a pencil if it doesn't stop!
"a couple of days ago wixon made me the most delicious steak i've ever had  i mean it too! i was literally the best steak i've ever had  it had tons of flavor, it was extremely tender, thick, juicy, and rare  i didn't even want steak sauce with it \yum  joyful "
ahhhhh     finally done with all my college classes  i feel so much more relaxed now   next quarter's finals won't be much fun with math though   
"i was listening to the song holy diver and when i pulled out my ear buds at the end of the song, the same song was playing during the south park credits  i'm so weirded out    especially since this same thing happened to me a couple days ago with a different song lol "
01001001 00100000 01110111 01101111 01101110 01100100 01100101 01110010 00100000 01101000 01101111 01110111 00100000 01101101 01100001 01101110 01111001 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01100100 01100101 01100011 01101001 01110000 01101000 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 00111010 00101001
"wixon's 21st birthday party today!\\it's at jable's tonight at 9 surprise 0 b y o b   also, for those of you over 21, he will be at hardtails bar at 7 surprise 0   \\we hope to see you all tonight!"
"is everyone a terrible judge of character or am i just hard to read?\\i'm beginning to think the answer is both lol "
i hate being stereotyped  annoyed   not everything is what it seems     
"i think i'm going to take a nice long shower and then make myself a nice cup of hot cocoa and watch some good tv shows  smile   i'm going to enjoy relaxing while i can before next quarter at lcc begins tuesday  i'm taking four classes and couple of them have plenty of homework and short dues dates so i'm going to be busy, especially during finals!        the dreaded finals      surprise "
"i like my zodiac sign, but not it's name so much    or it's symbol  my sign has the name of a horrible disease  also, it doesn't have a cool, majestic symbol like a lion or a ram       it's a sea spider!\\ah   yep  as you may have guessed i'm a cancer lol "
i don't wanna go to bed!! i want to listen to music on youtube all night!  joyful   i'm such a night owl   
facebook is being stubborn with posting comments today -_- either that or my computer is   
