eb61d46fc31ccf0938a5a53e7e6d51d3
sick
i am glad to soon start off a new year and a new <propfemale> with everyone i love in my life! let's do it right this time (if we haven't already)!!!!  love 
"this new year is off to a great start! i spent it surrounded by positive spiritual energy flowing through the happy tear-bringing beats of the native drums and with not an ounce of alcohol in my veins! happy new years to you all! and, however spent, i hope it was good for you! love you  love "
"thank you a lot to those of you who spent the holiday with me and made it super wonderful! you guys are great and i love you lots! today was definitely filled with perfect memories  playful  goodnight, everyone, and i hope your holiday turned out well!"
i've become addicted to kingdom hearts!
"i'm sick of people who act as if they care, but they don't  i don't care about you only to be crapped all over, so please stop doing it to me   i don't understand  annoyed "
"wooooooo!!! getting my tattoo worked on, tomorrow! it's going to be awwwwesome!"
ouch! my bumbum  annoyed 
school time! first class of the day starts nooooooooow!
"it's time to get serious! come down and help us at the parks and recreation committee fight against the halt to phase 2 of <propfirst>'s creek's restoration! (this thursday at 7pm! 10350 torre ave  community hall, cupertino)i know you all love all this beautiful creek provides us! don't let it be lost!  love "
r i p  my great aunt  love 
the parks and recreation board meeting went well!!! i'll post the site of where the video is   i'm on tv yay! (nervousness galore!)
"i am cherokee, i am african, i am mexican, i am jewish, i am <propfemale>, i am human surrounded by nature  she is the tree by my side, the soil between my toes, the wind in my hair, my love   one  unification"
look for the beauty in everything and the bad will pass you by  love 
"women! don't let the media and society dictate what is beautiful! you don't have to flash skin, be super thin, or pale to be lovely   it is in the heart and mind! those who tell you different are victims of their own insecurities and biases! i love you!"
"this morning, my heart soared with the birds i admired in coyote valley! the greatest inspiration for peace lies upon the wings of the graceful  i love you  love "
"i delight in guessing the names of songs before i look, admiring the birds who flutter about, smelling fresh onions in a mowed field, and saving bizarre words i my diary  when questioned about how much joy the heart can hold, i respond, 'infinity!' but, the amount of sorrow it can bare is far less!"
applesauce
stop pocket dialing meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee fdsgdsfd  _ 
going to dance the night away at bricks!
"live each day in life to the best of your ability, because you never realize how short life is until it's over  love "
live simply so that others can simply live!
"even with 0 guys in my life i am still having to call taxis!!! fml   i woke up super late for work because i was up all night studying, had nightmares, and don't even remember my alarm going off!"
