b2786af003af11de269569d5dfeaa746
"alone on new year's <propfemale>     surprise, surprise    23 years and counting "
happy birthday to me    happy birthday to meeeee!!!!
needs a new job
got the red ring of death     tried that stupid towl thing    it came on but overheats after 10 <propfemale>    took the case off and it's working fine   take that microsoft!  gonna charge me $99 to fix what you designed wrong 
need a job   want to see my daughter  brother's in jail   my life is falling apart   on the bright side       nope life is in shambles 
looking for a job sucks   i just hate working for idiots   and i'm not good at hiding when i'm smarter than someone      i should work on that 
does anything really matter anyway? it doesn't feel like there's any point to anything
there may be hope after all!!
i feel like i'm being jerked around here   i really don't know what to do or believe anymore   if actions speak louder than words i'm screwed
crazyness
"need clarification on something but i can't get that tonight   won't be able to sleep, will probably bust my interview tomorrow   but hey, that's my life lately   no breaks"
nailed part 1 of the hiring process   part two sounds like something i'll rock   so i'm only worried about the board interview   but i'll be ready 
sometimes i feel hopeless i feel all alone these thoughts are fillin up my mind my home is not my home can't you see you're killin me oh baby i can't live without you this hopelessness is eating me alive and i feel i can't <propfemale> on any more but then i see my baby girl and i know there's something to live for i see her mother holding her and my heart fills with love all of a sudden i realize i don't feel hopeless any m
anybody good at interviewing?  i'm a terrible interview and i've got possibly the most important interview of my life coming up 
gearing up to go kill an animal or two
"sitting here, completely confused  i have no idea what's going on  and my hand really hurts, as would the heavy bag if it could feel "
"i'm tired   tired of being tired   tired of not having a job   tired of life kicking me in the balls, and then when i'm down kicking me in the face   and then the balls again "
"happy, happy, happy"
put some new old pictures up
"it's funny when someone hates you, and their reasons     their reasons are all things they've done to you too "
"it's so late!! but i can't sleep   i can never sleep, but i don't ever wanna do anything either   the only time i'm happy is when i'm with my baby and her mother   i love them so much, maybe even too much "
"my daughter, and my <propfemale> <propfemale>   they are both so wonderful   i have been blessed with a perfect daughter and somehow the best woman in the world fell in love with me   i've had to almost lose her to see that   i just hope it isn't too late to make amends "
watching stargate continuum and sg1 in flying in kingsley eagles and wearing kingsley patches   crazy!
finally! i'm not a bum any more   i have a job!
an hour of scrubs   yeah!!!!!
"so i have less than a week to memorize about 200 airport codes, airline codes, and acronyms and terms related to the airline industry  ugh"
made some awesome freedom toast
"snow, snow, snow   i could have almost wrecked today (except that i'm an amazing driver) and to top it off i should be in salt lake city right now   oh well  whaddya gonna do?"
"nothing   although a friend and i had a debate as to whether one could really think of nothing   his argument was that you'd be thinking of thinking of nothing   but i've had a completely clear mind   it only lasted a few seconds and was hard, but i had no thoughts at all   because yeah, i'm awesome like that"
"just when you thought she let you down     bam there she is   so wonderful, so amazing  i love her so much!!"
my fish just died   sad 
only in oregon can you get blinded by the sun and soaked by the rain at the same time     damn!
so excited for <propfemale>'s first christmas!
sweet beautiful bliss   couldn't have possibly been a better weekend
"so i think it is a new new-years tradition for me   alone and no midnight kiss    if i were single that'd be one thing     oh, well "
"for those of you who might recall:  in college i was given the nicknname \<propfirst> the tank\""  because of my similar behavior to said character from \""old school\""   <propfirst> has been dead for a while though     but tonight     <propfirst> lives!!!!"""
worst service ever at applebees  after an hour wait my food want even ordered
best new years <propfemale> evar!!!!!!!!!!!!  hope it's a sign of things to come    well parts anyway   my birthday is tomorrow   as long as i get to spend it with my two favorite women (after work) it'll be a good one 
spending the day with my girls  gonna be a great birthday
i have decided to return to school   yay for me!!!
i forgot what a great writer i can be 
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting 
"i just almost blew myself up!  but hey, at least not i know the problem is the dryer and not the power cord   smile "
"if early to bed, early to rise makes us healthy wealthy and wise   what does late to bed and early to rise make us?"
my very first rugby practice tonight    wish me luck
i forgot how much i love practices   i felt like a bafoon but i think i'll get better 
i heard there was some 3 day rule when starting to workout again    i hope that's true   cause day 2 almost killed me 
"good nights sleep, good dreams     still woke up an saw someone in my house that wasn't there    but no more sad dreams is good   smile "
got my exam for com 226 done and i think it is pretty good 
"got myself 3 new fish  named them cheech, <propmale>, and <propfemale> "
"so my red-tail shark, cheech somehow, and for some unknown reason jumped out of my tank last night   i still have <propmale> and <propfemale>   i'll get a new shark, maybe name him <propfirst>, or cheech jr, or cheech ii, or little cheech   i dunno  i've been up since 10am yesterday "
"so i was thinking, if i were an office character i'd be <propmale>   funny, likable, witty, a little lazy   but then i realized, i'm more like <propmale>   "
"if i take a picture of a picture, who's intellectual property is it?"
"would anyone else agree that obama promised us the <propfemale>, handed us a rock, called it a <propfemale>-rock and said, \close enough\""?"""
dr  horrible's sing along blog=awesome!
recovering from last night     ugh
i can't believe i'm applying for jobs at almost 1am   i must be crazy 
who knows spiders?  i just came across one that looks like a black widow but has a brownish underside and no hourglass   any ideas?
missing her
can't get the stupid upload thing to upload pictures   piece of crap!  give me back the old photo upload that i didn't have to download to my computer and that actually worked   ugh!!
so that spider was just a regular house spider   not dangerous in the least 
"me and some friends were debating this issue  say ur in a relationship  ur hanging out with friends and some other people, ur significant other isn't there  you decide to play a drinking game like kings 1 of the cards says for someone to kiss you  a)is it okay for them to kiss you in any way shape or form or would you take the penalty for not letting them kiss you? b)would u even be playing where, that might happen?"
best day ever!!!!
does anybody have some antibiotics or know where there might be some over the counter i could get?
"7 application with the state of oregon alone   lets see if i even get an interview     my guess, probably not "
"well, so far 2 of my 7 applications are under review   here's hopin a get a call soon "
"finally!!! my bike is working again, just in time for this beautiful weather "
happy f the earth day!!!
"so i love relapse, eminem's best album yet   but i've been listening to refill, the relapse bonus cd and it is pretty amazing   i'm excited for his new album \recovery\"" on june 22 """
i was sick today so was asleep all day   i think all my roommates left for the weekend   so i got this huge house and it is just me   kinda creepy   think i'll keep my hattori hanzo close by 
pretty awesome day i'd have to say!!!
"twilight:  gay;  new moon: more gay;  yeah lets take hundreds of years of <propfemale>, throw it out the window and make up our own shit   okay    and people will love a whiny emo stalker for the hero cause it's cool to stalk girls, oh but only if you look constipated when you're around them "
"over half (~52 8%) of the world's population worship the same god   granted they do it a bit different from each other   but still, over half worship the god of <propmale> "
how did i get this black eye?  fuck! i don't remember!
ugh   hungover  way too much vodka
i'm pretty sure my unemployment appeal will be going through an i'll finally be able to pay rent   and put gas in my car and thus look more for work   yay!!!
so i asked some people at the employment office how my resume looked   they told me i had too much info and needed to trim it down   i guess i can't get a job because employers think i'm too awesome and will take their job?  i don't understand why i shouldn't put down everything i've done in the 3 jobs i've had (including military) 
"kinda old new but i'm bored     so, <propmale> mandela ended apartheid     what the f did obama do again?  mother <propfemale> cared for a bunch of lepers     what the f did obama do?  we all know what <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr  did     what did obama do?  i just fail to understand what is going on in the world when people are awarded for what they might do "
yes <propfirst> moore does hate <propfemale>   and he is a lying piece of garbage   (though i've always known)
finally be working again tomorrow
"first day of work was good   got new shoes for my feetsies   not used to this doin stuff, i'm tired   goodnight "
got eminem's new album recovery   so far pretty good 
i hate when i watch a documentary that is good   now i can't eat fast food anymore   damn you <propfirst> spurlock!!
time to see how much of this wine i can drink tonight and not die   wish me luck   life sucks 
i just lost the game!
life is pretty good these days
"update:  <propfemale>'s doing great, she's so smart   every day is so amazing watching her grow up   \down to 245 from 270 in just a couple months   losing 6 pounds in 24 hours from food poisoning helped a little   \working at wal-mart "
out for the first time in a long time  at legends but like noone else is 
soooo hammered 
"gotta love boxed wine    still can't sleep though   missin my baby momma,  work at 10, sleeping (or trying to) alone sucks   i'm a cuddler and i need to cuddle   sad "
life sucks
it's been like the sahara
it's dry like the sahara  it's time for a monsoon dangit
what do you do when the only woman you've ever loved becomes the one person you take at their word?  what do you do when you give everything you are to somebody and they tell you it is not enough?
things are good again for me right now 
it's like wal mart is paying me to poop 
a posesed car ran into my car in the parking lot  so much for my good night 
yes! finally a new episode of <propmale>!!!
do as i say not as i do in full defeat  a sheriff's deputy talking on a cell while driving 
"you ever take a final where you're staring at the <propfemale> and nothing on it is making sense?  you really want to solve this problem, so that everything will be good and life will be good and then, that's it, final's over and you just failed at what was most important to you?  sucks right?"
"so somebody liked my photography work enough to commission me to do senior pictures (plus i'm cheap)  so all i need now is a name for my \business\""   any ideas?"""
amazing night with my family 
working overnights   have to wait till this afternoon to play new vegas   damn you work ethic 
tired   need to go to bed   but i hate sleeping and not getting stuff i need to done   but at this point i feel like a zombie   goodnight    goodday!!
debating on an iphone or android based phone from us cellular  straght talk is done after my phone stopped working and when i called customer service it <propmale> up
"well, no iphone for me"
getting the samsung mesmerize  att wouldn't give of a plan  verizon wanted 400 us cellular only wanted 25
new number folks 5418923986
omg! omg! omg! omg! green lantern!!!!
"so pennies cost 1 7 cents to make!  that's right, more than they are worth!!  and we e playful ect the government who does this to fix a jacked up economy?  than my friends is simply insanity!!"
so who's in the dc universe: online beta???  me!!!!!!!
<propfemale> won't go to bed  any ideas?
so i have an extra dc universe: online beta key     who wants it??
just had a tooth pulled 
"$3 billion dollars to subsidize the <propfemale>n cotton industry  3    billion   dollars!! oh and because that is technically illegal per trade agreements people were mad!  mainly brazil so they sued us at the wto who sided with them and <propfemale> said, \whatever\"" so brazil was going to tax our imports """
i broke 240  yessss!
c'mon packers  i love you!!!
yeaaaaaaa raji!!!!!!!!!!
superbowl here we come!!!!!!!!!!
pretty sure i nailed the test today 
bribing the daughter with a toy ftw
go pack!
wtf!!!!!!!!!
fonzi was a packers fan  win
death by powerpoint
"waiting sucks   waiting to hear back from a job that will improve your life significantly, a life changing opportunity      well, that is just brutal "
i'm thinking of running for county commissioner again in 2012
worst week of work ever
ontario and back in one day  almost 800 <propmale> hate i come 
hello life: you suck
