872a2898493f366255b1a93e8966a108
i said i'd never let you go and i never did and you said you'd never let me fall but you never meant it
"you know what i think hurts the most? the feeling of being replaced  it’s like no matter what you did, it wasn’t enough  and no matter what you do to try and capture their heart again, doesn’t seem to work  and you’re suddenly left thinking that y"
"anyone want a free kitten? she's seven weeks old, liter box trained and eating dry food, she's quiet and sweet , msg me if interested  smile "
"today, after waiting for hours to get the a c in the car fixed without success, my roommate and i went home, only to find that the compressor in our central a c at home is also broken and it's currently 102 degrees outside, fml"
i  love  him  smile 
"needs to invest in a new phone, stupid thing is dead yet again  going to see my boo for a bit, hopefully get some sleep  it's been such a long week  too long "
"\no <propfemale> gusta\""        y no me gusta   ugh"""
is amazed that mexico straight owned! 5 to nuffin! <propfemale> mexico!
"i miss holding you in my arms, if you only knew"
"can't believe this is happening  i hope everything works itself out but i can't stand this, ily baby "
"is so sick of this fake compassion everyone seems to have, i wanna let all of our friends and family who have been there and are currently there that i absolutely love you to death  you are the only things keeping me sane, well as sane as i can be  thank "
"has come to realize she only needs you  ily <propfemale>, <propfemale>, zach, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, homecow and of course my baby  love   church tonight! you are my sunshine my only sunshine, you make me happy, when skies are grey  you'll never know dear how much i love you, please don't take my sunshine away "
dum spiro spero
"is excited and ready to start this school year  new house, that needs some work, getting by car back in one piece by next week, starting a new life with my boyfriend by my side, this year's gonna be pretty interesting to say the least  love  ily <propmale>"
"is epically in love, my heart is yours, ily <propfirst> smith"
is home and sleepy ily bby
facebook chat can go go suck a big one
loves him  love 
is done for today time to be with my baby <propfirst> smith
"had the strangest dream, haven't thought of you in a while hope you're doing well "
is out and lovin it!
doesn't understand how the state of florida can sit here and tell a person they are not fit to raise a child simply because of their sexual and romantic preferences  i hope this manages to change in my lifetime 
"is sitting at aladdin's with the <propfemale> joiner, <propfirst> d farnsley, <propfirst> culbertson, <propmale> hoover and the best boyfriend ever, <propfirst> smith  more ppl to come! happy birthday zach <propfirst>!"
is still editing pictures and trying to rewrite this paper
is feeling fantastic and confident today  going to out with my bff!
has got a ton of studying to do tonight  sad  bummer
"doesn't know what to do, think or say  i hope he'll wake up one day and realize that i love him with all my  love "
? ? & we're leavin’ never lookin back again ? ?
"? ? you build me up you break me down, my heart, it pounds  yeah, you got me with my hands up you got me now ? ?"
"tonight is the last night i'll dream in tallahassee, tmrw is the start of a new life  i'm on to bigger and better days   thanks for the memories  love "
"best beginning to the new year, can't believe in a few months we'll be sharing it with our baby"
"roses are red, cammies are green, i'm in love with a us <propfemale> <propfirst> smith"
"my freaking timing sucks, god why can't i just make one decision that's going to get me somewhere?"
got to hear from my baby  love  ahhhhh i miss my <propfirst> smith  sad  and it's only a weekend drill 
is in tally til sunday  love 
could this be out of line? (could this be out of line) to say you're the only one breaking me down like this you're the only one i would take a shot on keep me hanging on so contagiously
got called into work! despite everyone's efforts nothing's gonna stop us now 
"currently sorting through our belongings, washing clothes, spring cleaning basically after an 8 hour shift today  donating my old stuff to a random church tmrw, today has been very productive"
just dropped off my big box of clothes at a random church  on way to work a ten hour shift and it's pay day!  smile  oh yes today is a great day  love 
of course it never fails  awesome! not   thank god for nice ppl
"work @ 6, going to niceville after work  love "
<propfirst> smith can suck it 
is so unbelievably happy! elated actually! life is amazing you just gotta have faith in god 
"workin tmrw til 3, cashing my check sticking to our budget, registering for classes and paying bills!"
"today was beyond hectic and amazing! i finally got my ring in the mail today, which was a super plus  love  thanks again, you know who you are, put a deposit down and am now having a last minute date night love "
it's monday and in two weeks we make it official  may 24th 2010  love 
i so should have stayed home 
is so ready to go home and shower  work sucks
picking out wedding bands  love 
is getting married today  love 
"is so happy  life has been good to me in so many ways, despite the problems along the way and the ones to come, life and god gave me something so amazing, <propfirst> smith i love you and i'm so proud to be your wife  love "
"dear sicky feeling, please go the hell away  i do not appreciate morning headaches and tummy aches  runny noses aren't cute, especially at work  so if you wouldn't mind, even if you do, go away  k  thnks sincerely <propfemale>  love "
"i may not have gone where i intended to go, but i know i have ended up where i needed to be  love "
-_____- work 
def don't wanna go -_- but my hubby made it better when he sang to me on the way into work  love 
"absolutely loving my husband! been married for a month now, so far pretty freakin awesome  & my hubby just bought me the nikon d5000!"
so in love with my d5000 my hubby is amazing!
july 27th that's all im waiting for 
thunder thighs -_-
finally leaving this place! our plane takes off at 6 this evening i can't wait for indiana
"is finally feeling at peace with everyone and everything  my heart is full and i am happy to be where i am, leaving in six hours!"
totally hating airports right now  don't fly airtran   ever -_-
"snapping photos, the bride looks gorgeous   love  looks like my stay in indiana is going to be extended til thursday at the earliest!"
"the wedding was amazing, super happy for my new sister steffani smith and her new husband  finally back home and back to the grind  can't wait for a new change  love "
sitting here at whataburger next to a group of teeny boppers make me want to extend an apology to any and all ppl who ever had to endure our antics in public  super sorry tallahassee
o well hello there exit  192 it's been a while! feels good to be back even for a little bit
"aye tallahassee, how i love to hate you  but only you know how much i miss you  we may never come back to you permanently but we'll be meeting you on the side more often from now on!"
today has been amazing! happy birthday baby!
so totally lost ten lbs  smile  14 more to go  smile 
"packing up our lives in these little boxes, this chapter of our life is coming to an end   love "
stupid butterfly -_- such a traumatic e playful erience
"ugh why can't the answer just come smack me, cause as of right now i feel clueless   "
really wants this to work out today  love 
thank you god! <propfirst> will be starting classes afterall! hopefully mine will go through soon
getting the last of our things this weekend  we're officially moving to tallahassee on sunday! just wish someone anyone could give me 350 dollars to pay for the rest of my tuition -_-
is feeling truly blessed  so grateful to have such a great family  despite our differences we can come together when it matters most  i love all my friends and i'm so happy to see things are starting to look up for us  love 
"bittersweet moment of maturity, realizing certain needs are more important than some frivolous wants  goodbye my baby nikon i'll find you again one day"
ready for this 
hubby and i are officially living in tallahassee again 
missing my husband 
"the cove, watch it, educate yourself  do something "
road trip with my handsome husband today  love  picking up my car! hopefully completely fixed -_-
just got stung by a <propfemale> stupid <propfemale> o_0 make me feel better -_-
holy mess we got approved for the apartment we wanted!
"even tho i got a throbbing toe from a stupid <propfemale>, today has <propfemale>n incredible we accomplished tons and got the best news on our apartment! going out with my awesome husband to celebrate!"
got called into work! sweetness  smile  money hunny
"running around doing errands, almost got all my bills taken care of, it's been a surer productive morning  friday is moving day!  smile "
today is the day!  smile  we're moving out!  love 
is finally reconnecting with life itself and loving it hubby is currently cheering (screaming) at the tv in our living room  smile  go noles!
oh my god it's barely 945 and i still have 4 more hour to go
"is going to become a wedding planner! going to go into business with my hair and makeup e playful ert, my cousin <propfirst> beyondreal hernandez and my wedding planner <propmale> <propmale> mrgoodlooking rogers! got a wedding? well we can help!"
is grateful  love 
is loving our new systems at work  going to team leader classes next month! yay for promotions a k a pay raise
has an awesome hubby and an amazing new phone
i love my husband!
working til 2 then i'm off tmrw!
just got a trim and style love it
"i love my husband, bought me a hershey's cookies and cream bar and the swan <propfemale>"
working til two   hopefully  missing my awesome husband  had a great day yesterday went for a walk saved a squirrel loved on my hubby hope today is even better
happy birthday jimbo! way to go noles love 
its one in the morning and i'm stuck in the er   ugh i just wanna go to sleep
"can't believe i spent my night in the hospital, i love my husband and my friends, thank you for caring  now time to get better"
"you said you would love me until you died, and as far as i know you're still alive"
"getting ready to head out of town, gonna finally say goodbye to my little <propfemale> rio and see the in laws while we're there  then we're taking steffani gehrke hostage for as long as we can lol! so excited to have my sister-in law here!"
"really tired, got lots to think about can't wait to make a change and make up our minds  its risk and a sacrifice, but how are we going to accomplish anything without a little sacrifice  just gotta have faith "
 sad 
feeling really awesome about our future! i can not believe this is happening and although it's going to be hard transition i know it will be okay  i love you <propfirst> smith and i am so very proud of all that you are doing for our family 
"dear fb,\get it together  i would really enjoy chatting with my sister in law  but currently can not because you are slacking  i'll be waiting\no love,\<propfemale>"
can't wait for all of the yummy stuff tmrw
work in the morning! happy thanksgiving everyone! especially my family steffani gehrke  <propfirst> smith <propfirst> smith <propfemale> smith and everyone not on facebook!
dinner was yummy  mommy and me went shopping did some finishing touches to our tree while the men and the mini men played xbox 360  i love thanksgiving 
"super awesome day with my hubby! got tons of stuff on sale today, saved a bunch  back to work tmrw and sunday morning "
i bleed <propfemale> & gold! way to go noles
really wants to go to disney before leaving fl  wish i had more money!
doing errands for mi mami 
doesn't understand why ppl make plans and promises they have no intention on keeping or following through  why make someone else sacrifice when you have no intention on sacrificing something too 
super sleepy   all the time now ugh
"well then, <propfemale> christmas and a happy bday to me, not  -_-"
"tonight i feel blessed  i have a wonderful mother who loves me beyond measure, i hope to be half the mom she is to my little one  a crazy but amazing family and an incredible husband  hoping everyone is having an amazing and blessed night  happy holidays everyone!"
its my birthday and its snowing in tally! hasn't legit snowed since i was born! twenty one years ago what an awesome sign for the future  love 
"tmrw is the last day of 2010, i can't believe this year is already over "
"kids give me hope, is possibly not the best website to be looking through when i'm so emotional i  love  kids"
had an amazing day with my family  loved seeing my cousins my aunts and uncle  very full day and i had a blast  can't wait for our 1st official appt on the 31st
need suggestions for boy names  we have a girl name but i got <propfemale> on boys  help me out!
can't wait til i find out what this mini m&m will be!
what are some good flight websites  i usually use travelocity but it's not playing nice so far  anyone have any suggestions?
still needing a cool boy name! hoping to take photos tomorrow!
"starting a new baby project! i am going to take photos on or near all my appts and i'm making a list of boy names  i really hope i have a girl cause i still don't know what i'd name a boy  taking some belly shots tonight tho, cause everyone thinks im having twins lol"
"excited and really nervous about tomorrow, we finally get to see our mini m&m!  love "
today was amazing my little mini m&m is gorgeous  baby big head lol was squirming around good strong heartbeat!
can't stand ignorant people  completely freaked out for my kid's future  people just keeper getting dumber  i hope my child will be one of the few good people left in this world 
"was craving an m&m cookie ice cream sandwich for days finally caved in and got one when i was buying groceries  at the light outside of walmart was a man with a sign that said \i'm hungry\""   i gave him my ice cream and my last dollar """
we are officially registered! hubby and i went to target to get our little m&m's baby registry set up i can't wait!  love   love   love 
nap time!
about to make cupcakes for my cupcake! i got a dozen red roses today! hope every one is having a great <propfirst>'s day  & remember today should be a reminder to do special things for the ones you love all year long
yay for the satellite ppl coming earlier than e playful ected! thanks to mrs  <propfemale> pearson i'm making enchiladas for dinner tonight!
"is super excited had a great appt, got to hear the our little m&ms heartbeat again  two weeks from now we get to find out what we've all been waiting for! hopefully he or she shows the goods!  love "
super anxious to know what we are having -___-
had an amazingly awesome ultrasound! i have the most gorgeous baby ever  love  i can't wait to see our little m&m
it's official baby smith is baby boy smith!  love  <propfirst> smith and <propfemale> karel smith are having a little bouncing baby boy!
woke up beyond early but at least my house is clean and smells really nice  love 
downloading music watching a movie with my hubby  today has been a good day  love 
baby shopping today was awesome with my mommy! hubby and i are going crib shopping tonight  love  baby boy smith is one lucky little man
hoping for the best! always thankful but praying this goes our way  love 
discovered a new tropical smoothie flavor & the added bonus baby boy seems to love it too  love 
"dinner date with my hubby was awesome, we always have a good time together  love  plus i got my ice cream cone"
"finally got a bigger bed  love  little man's heartbeat is super strong  btw it's the best sound in the world  only thing to make this day better, tropical smoothie "
