fc698335fa7b5a595c7bfb37ec5a7cc2
just came back from ikea  stuffed   
just got his wii soft-modded so he can play torrented wii games! huzzah!
has a new iphone!!! don't hate!
holy shit! <propfirst> mays lived in tampa!?
"was doing some groceries, doing things alone mostly  and then he asked me if i wanted to pay cash or credit and then i jizzed in my pants!  wink "
about eight people in my live feed are complaining about some form of insomnia  what's up people? too much stress?
is finally at 170! goal weight: here i come!
"what a petty, petty world we live in with shallow, shallow people "
"omg, so everyone wants to do this doppelganger crap  what celebrity do i look like? respond    now!"
part deux of epic tattoo construction for <propfirst>  so excited!
happy zombie jesus day!!
i'm going to go into a nerd-rage of excitement  apple announces changes in iphone software 4 0 at 1pm today! über pumped!
omg! multitasking?! folders?! wallpaper?! loves 4 0 right now 
republicans are such lolcats to me   http annoyed  tweetphoto com 17886251
the daily show with <propfirst> stewart|the big bang treaty http annoyed  www thedailyshow com watch thu-april-8-2010 the-big-bang-treaty
world war z: an oral history of the zombie war was an amazing read  thank you kindle app for iphone  you made me a reader again!
bring on the zombies!!!  http annoyed  tweetphoto com 18113210
"this ad makes oprah look like an offender  bad graphic designer, bad!  http annoyed  tweetphoto com 18126202"
"\you shut your pie hole   whore \"" -<propmale> carrell in date night """
"oo im so excited for glee's <propfemale> power hour next week!!! gag, im such a homo "
shift covered  sand in feet  with the boys   http annoyed  tweetphoto com 18556714
a seagull just shat on my head  i'm playing the lotto!!!
i'm no longer a criminal! thanks clerk!  smile 
just found out i hav my own hotel room  suh-weet!
let's play we rule on the iphone! my gamername is 'alexbanter'  http annoyed  bit ly d4seuk
hm  actual soldiers have just chained themselves to the white house to repeal dont ask dont tell  cmon obama! make change!
omg  thank you glee for having a <propfemale> episode this 4 20  you made my week!
"once upon a morning dreary, while i pondered weak a weary  fog:  http annoyed  tweetphoto com 19999946"
say what?! wwdc 2010 is upon us!!!  http annoyed  tweetphoto com 20309650
"got a haircut, bought some clothes and ipad 3g launch? it's a good friday to beging the weekend   "
the baileff said no twittering when in the presence of the judge  lawl  that made court enjoyable 
morning mall fire alarm drill  that shut will wake you up!
i hate how small this town is 
tsa employee with small penis assaults coworkers with baton: http annoyed  digg com d31qvtt
i want to learn how to vogue and breakdance and call it breakvogue 
