d2332003dd23fafdf460f320d9dde5bc
why is everything seem so hard for me easy for the rest
i was trying to find myself then i turned around and there i was!!!!
i sometimes want nothing more than to come home but where is that?
i am sooo busy right now and i love it!!!!
i am to young to feel this old
sometimes i wounder if my mistakes will follow me forever
even if i am not here everyday i will be here at least twice a week
i may not be here everyday but i will be here!!!   i do work alot 
moved into my very first apt  all by myself my internet will up in 3 more days talk to you all as much as i want then!!!!!
had to come to the library to post this cable should be on with internet on 9 15 then i am good new place is cool weird living alone first time ever!!!!miss my girls love you all !!!
i tell you what you guys are hard on me do you have any idea how hard it is to be some where all alone with no close friends no family  got married to young i onlt know how to be a mom and wait tables  try paying rent bills and having time to be on the computer all at the same time i work 3pm to 11pm  you tell me how to do it all and make everyone happy at the same time please i would love to hear you advise    
hello my only day off for the next 8 days and no one is here but i am the bad guy i will be back later u can call me anything you want <propfemale> it will not change who i am and the fact that you are part of me 
going to work soon but i will be back before i go luv you all
keep on keepin on
my life is coming together
dont know what u got til its gone
i want to get every one together again
growing up does not mean growing old!
everyone keeps asking when i am going to add a picture of my self  i will but know this i have never taken a picture of myself that i liked sooo 
worried sick about my kids today  the older they get the more you worry!
finally heard from the kids thank god they are ok still i worry but all is well for now 
did you ever wake up one day and say my kid is just like me?
if it wasn't for bad luck i would have no luck at all now it's rubbing off on my kids i always wanted better for her but it looks like she following right in my foot steps how can i help her or stop history from repeating it's self any advise welcome please   
at 18 you think you know everything at 30 you find out you know nothing
i can't help but think i have the most beautiful girls in the world!!!
i screwed up alot my kids forgave me shouldn't i do the same for them?
