93fa146dc6db80eb268c5cd59b17c758
"has had a wonderful week of safaris and is off to the beach south of mombasa tomorrow, thanks for all the birthday wishes, had a blast and saw lots of animals  smile "
rip <propfirst>
is about to begin her long journey back to angola and then will be packing for her long journey to tampa  smile 
had a great time for the 4th of july  smile 
is getting herself organized  smile 
is enjoying st  <propmale> with her family and friends  smile 
is excited to go to jacksonville tomorrow
is heading to the beach for a few hours  smile 
"is getting packed for her trip to portugal, then back to luanda  smile "
is heading to lisbon today and angola tomorrow night  smile 
"has arrived back to angola, rather smoothly as well  smile "
can not believe tomorrow is the first day of school!
has had a wonderful weekend  smile 
"wishes friday would come early this week, feeling a bit distracted and unfocused, which i think could be cured by a nice weekend  smile "
has had a fantastic weekend and it's not even over yet  smile 
is very happy to have an extra day off this week smile 
"had another full weekend, so many parties i still could not check out the new club, life is so difficult  smile "
is getting ready for another party  smile  i gotta feelin'     that tonight's gonna be a good night!!
is very tired today  annoyed 
is ready to go home in a week in a half  smile  see ya'll soon
"had another fantastic weekend, but possibly a few too many drinks  wink "
"one down, 4 to go, then i am headin' home  smile "
is leaving for home this time tomorrow  smile 
"is in joburg, 2 more flights tomorrow and i will be home  smile "
has made it home  smile  my number here is 813-850-2124
is excited to celebrate <propfemale>'s 5th birthday with her  smile 
enjoyed the <propfemale> tea party for <propfemale>'s birthday  smile 
is back in angola!!! miss you guys back home!
is definitely feeling the effects of jet lag today  annoyed 
is very annoyed about the internet this weekend!!
less than 4 weeks until holiday  smile 
"has been feeling slightly disoriented the past few days :,"
had a great friday night!
has finally finished reports!!!
is having a very lazy day  smile 
had a good night at the staff party  smile 
it's the last day of school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
is packing for cape town!! don't like packing but i am ready to go  smile 
"is exhausted, but had a great first day in cape town! my cell here for anyone around is 079-227-1551, for my fam, if you need to call me then dial first 27 then 792271551   smile "
wishes she could stay in bed and read on this rainy day
have only worked one day and it is already wednesday  smile 
"i love weeks with two fridays  smile  no school thursday, so wednesday is like an extra friday!"
friday!!  smile 
"the weekend is quickly coming to an end, but it was very nice  smile "
"monday, and we have to work all 5 days this week  annoyed "
"feels like tomorrow should be sunday, after going out last night  3 days, 3 days  smile "
i want one more day this weekend!! when is our next 3 day weekend?  annoyed 
"monday, and i still feel like sleeping in til noon "
"ok, my energy is finally starting to return  smile  i do think we should have permanant 4 day weeks and 3 day weekends, should we really work more days than we play??"
what a great weekend smile 
2 more mondays working until the holiday with next monday off  smile 
friday!!!!!
another great weekend!
is ready for the holdiays and we still have 2 weeks left!!
8 real work days until mozambique  smile 
one week from today is the last day of teaching  smile 
5
3 days of work and 5 til i fly to mozambique!!!!  smile 
2 days from now i will be in mozambique!!!!! woo hoo  smile 
"is feeling very impatient for tomorrow to be here, how can i pass the time      "
is leaving for the airport in less than 3 hours!!!!  laugh 
"is loving mozambique, just saw two whale sharks and two manta rays!!! love it  smile "
"is not ready to return to reality just yet, wish i had another week  annoyed "
has had a very lazy day and may just be ready to return to school tomorrow  smile 
"survived the first week back to school, 8 to go  smile "
happy earth day!
would like to welcome her new niece jordyn <propfemale> to the world  smile 
"can not believe it is already may, wow!"
realized today that there are only 25 more work days until school is out!! i love summer  smile 
23!!!
tomorrow's friday  laugh 
"is so not happy that i am awake at 5:45am, this is not right!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is having a fantastic weekend  smile 
17 1 2 work days  laugh 
16 1 2
"11 1 2 days of work, and one is a sports day!!"
malaria is no fun at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8 days of work!!!!!!! 2 weeks and i am home  smile 
"friday, then 4 more days!!!"
"so ready for friday, 4 days then 2 months off!!!!!!!!!!!!"
3 days of work!! can't go fast enough  smile 
"2 days, one after today which is pool party and movie day!!!!!!!!!!!"
"last day of schoot tomorrow, think i may be a bit <propmale> over!! oh well, on my way home in 2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile "
flying tomorrow!!
"needs to pack, but having trouble getting motivated  annoyed "
"is in portugal, getting ready for an all nighter!! then heading to the airport to come home, see ya'll soon  smile "
"missed my flight, apparently staying up all night was not the best idea  missed check-in by 5 freakin' minutes  had a great night though!! don't worry, i will be there tomorrow night  wink "
is home  smile 
"thanks all for my birthday wishes!! if you are around tampa, having a little party at my mom's to celebrate!! my new cell number here is 813-514-7909, though the coverage at my mom's is not the best  peace ya'll!  smile "
"had a great birthday party, even though i had jet lag! thanks everyone for coming  smile "
"go usa, next round  smile "
"can't believe i have this much energy with 2 hours sleep after a night out  oh well, i'll take it  smile "
had a wonderful day at adventure island with my niece  smile 
is tired
"happy 4th of july, hope everyone has a blast!!"
"had a wonderful 4th with old friends  smile  good times, good times! thanks <propfemale> and <propmale>!!"
"on my way to my grandmother's house for the weekend, will probably be out of touch until i come back  smile "
less than a week til colombia!!!!
go spain!
"has made it to colombia, a little late, but here!!!!  smile "
"recovering from my first big night out in colombia, celebrating las fiestas de sogamoso, had a blast and remember most of it  wink "
"is back in bogota, ready for part 2 of the colombia trip smile "
"won a few bucks at poker, but had to take a few shots losing at shithead, good balance right?"
"big night out last night, went to bed after the sun came up and gonna do it again tonight!! my last night in colombia, will be in miami tomorrow night, then back to tampa monday "
"had a blast in colomnbia  living there could be my future   thanks <propfemale>, for everything!!!"
"is so not ready to go back to angola, been enjoying my friends way too much!!"
"tomorrow is my last weekend night here, who is down for going out? any suggestions for where to go? i was thinking ybor  smile "
"had a wonderful day 4-wheeling with my nephew, <propmale>, was covered head to toe in mud by the end and loving it! getting ready to go out tonight, anyone who wants to join, we will be at the la hangout  smile "
on her way back to angola  sad   
"so, i managed to catch my flight to lisbon after being delayed leaving tampa  had to run and barely made it, they closed the doors right behind me  my luggage unfortunately is still in philly  sad  but at least i won't get stuck in dubai this time with a seat on a cargo plane  smile  spent my day today at the spa, got a massage and took a 4 hour nap in the lobby!!"
has made it back to angola!
is exhausted and has a ton of work left to do!!  sad 
has had a much needed lazy day in pajamas  smile 
"is definitely back in angola, kids started today, spent almost $200 on 4 bags of groceries and is exhausted from the first day back playing soccer  smile "
tomorrow is friday  smile 
"i know i shouldn't be so excited for friday the first week of school, but dang it, it's friday!!!!!!!!  smile "
is trying out her greenish thumb in angola  smile  wish me luck!
is getting excited to go to the r  <propfirst> concert this weekend in angola  smile 
"is getting ready for the r  <propfirst> concert tonight, this should be interesting  smile "
"off to uganda one week from tomorrow, look out gorillas  smile "
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
off to uganda tomorrow!!!!!
is having a blast in uganda!!
"is aching, sore and has a few minor wounds from trekking the gorillas, but it was soooooo worth it!!! it was amazing seeing these wonderful creatures in their natural habitat  laugh "
"only 7 short weeks til christmas holidays, with 2 bank holidays in those weeks, life is good  laugh "
so excited! last day of school tomorrow before a 4 day weekend!!  laugh 
"happy thanksgiving everyone, wish i was able to celebrate  smile "
9 more work days til holidays!!!  smile 
great day hanging by the pool with some nice cocktails  laugh 
"7 more days of work, woo hoo!! nearly there!!!  laugh "
"4 days and i am on my way home  smile  ready or not, here i come!"
2 more days!!  laugh 
1 more day!!!
"last day, last day!!!!!!!!"
"in atlanta, waiting on flight to tampa!! i totally forgot my phone, so email me your <propfirst> if you want me to call  smile  (turns out going out the night before a flight still doesn't work for me, think i will learn my lesson?? noooo  smile )"
"jetlags a bitch, fell asleep just after 6 pm, woke up about an hour ago, 2 smile 0 am! to bad i dont know which friends are out right now  sad  and with no phone, can't call anyways  annoyed "
<propfemale> christmas!!
"happy new years!! will be away camping til after, so i gotta say it early!! make sure to bring in 2011 with a bang!!"
"in joburg, a few hours from my flight back to angola  not sure that i am ready to return to reality  annoyed "
"so annoyed, 4am and wide awake!! i hate jetlag!!"
"yeps, got malaria again  annoyed  but am feeling much better now, dont worry  smile "
halfway to friday and rhena's bday weekend at the beach  laugh 
