879419e29c178122994f975b2e66a7db
just bought a house in colorado springs!!
is disappointed that the haji copy of transformers 2 sucks!! just have to wait until i come home to see it 
is completely packed and ready to go home at the end of the month!!!
ready to go home in 20 or so days!!!
has a huge dork for a friend!
can't wait to get back to the states  so tired of the same shit everyday!
wants to be a covert spy operative!!
is a successful home owner!!
will be home for good in a few days!!!
"is sitting in <propfirst>, ireland waiting to head home!!"
lovin my new home and being back in colorado!
it fucking snowed here already  in for a hell of a winter  yay for snowboard season!!
zombieland is fucking awesome!
fucking loves snowboarding!!
"i just recieved a letter in the mail to be a bone marrow donor  that shit is gonna hurt, but its a <propmale> to save someone's life, so i guess its the <propmale> thing to do "
had a good time with friends and brought in the new year right  just hoping this year will be better than the last half of last year  i made some mistakes that i have learned a great deal from  so here's to a brand new start 
never thought living in an empty house would be so depressing 
work fucking blows!! it's funny cause i'm at work and doing nothing signifcant 
"i fucking love snowboarding! except quarter pipes, havent figured those out yet and bust me ass everytime lol "
"looking forward to going boarding keystone again this week, gonna catch some big air!"
thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday 
i leave thursday for san <propmale> for a week to finally do the donation for my leukemia patient  what to do in san <propmale>???
its the final countdown until im free from this shitty place called the army   44 days!!!
"exactly 1 month left in the army, cant fucking wait to be done with it "
i have 12 business days of work left until i'm a free man again  its been a hell of a ride 
10 working days until i'm done with the army! woot woot 
is <propmale> luster!
has 1 week left before he claims his freedom once more!
4 days until i'm out!
67 hours until i'm free from uncle <propfirst>!
40 hours left  muhahaha!
24 hours left in this monkey suit 
is officially out of the army! once again a civilian! woot woot!
feels great to not have to wake up at 430 in the morning to go do something i hate 
doing nothing for a change has never felt better!
is in spokane for a week or so  who is in town?
fixing up the chevelle so i can drive it   smile 
"fixing classic cars pricey! new dual carb manifold, new <propfemale> 650 cfm carburetor, a new water pump, and replacing the timing belt with an accu-drive timing gear <propfemale> "
waiting for my parts to come in so i can put the chevelle back together 
"sad day, my parts wont be here until the first week of june "
twitter = the place between your twat and shitter 
man has created synthetic life from nothing! such an amazing feat  the next decade is going to be very interesting in science 
"when rulers take grain so that they may feast, their people become hungry; when rulers take action to serve their own interests, their people become rebellious; when rulers take lives so that their owns lives are maintained, their people no longer fear death  when people act without regard to their own lives, they overcome those who value only their own lives "
"when the way is fogotten, duty and justice appear; then knowledge and wisdom are born, along with hypocrisy  when harmonious relationships dissolve, then respect and devotion arise; when a nation falls to chaos, then loyalty and patriotism are born "
those who know others are wise; those who know themselvesare enlightened  those who overcome others are powerful; those who overcome themselves are strong  those who are contented are <propmale>; those who act strongly have will  those who do not lose their place endure; those who die without perishing live long 
is a very proud owner of front range farmacy!!! time to take over the springs!!!
"front range farmacy, open for business tomorrow!!! come one , come all 1831 <propfirst> bluffs suite 101  a mile from ussc, we're taken over!!!"
anything is possible!  smile 
i live first and leave the bullshit dead last!
the reason for time is so everything doesn't happen at once 
will never lose sight of the light at the end of the tunnel!
i'll stare straight into the sun and i wont close my eyes!
woohoo for snow on pike's peak! good sign for a killer snowboarding season!  smile 
"when life gives you lemon, throw em away and say fuck it "
you embrace that which defines you 
"you fucking suck broncos, you could have won! good job seahawks, kicking some ass!"
nonexistent when we keep our hearts cold   
"sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together  every story has an end, but in life every end is just a new beginning "
"life is full of surprises, some good and some bad, but you have to deal with what it throws at you and continue pushing forward "
shine on you crazy <propfemale> 
strawberry fields forever!
just another brick in the wall 
comfortably numb
fuck my life!
i forgot how much gizmo rocks!
"loveland opens tomorrow! hells yeah, hitting the slopes early this year!"
"up bright and early, gonna be the first up the mountain with my bros  time to shred the slopes!"
lovin loveland and all this snow!
had a great time snowboarding with my bros on the first mountain open for the season 
<propfemale> just keeps kicking me while i'm down 
its snowing in colorado springs!
wanting the one true thing that i fucked up  i'll never be able to forgive myself if i lose it 
"each night, i wish to god he'd let her rest \oh, this hurts me more than any man can bear \she's my angel from the west, \there will never be one to take her place   \   my <propfemale> of the stars "
"each night, i wish to god he'd let her rest \oh, this hurts me more than any man can bear \she's my angel from the west, \there will never be one to take her place   \   my <propfemale> of the stars "
"we lay side by side, between the <propfemale> and the tide, mapping the stars for awhile "
"one must reflect on their mistakes and learn from them, otherwise history repeats itself and one can never move forward or fix their mistakes "
"beautiful inside,\so lovely and i,\can't see why i'd do anything without you, you are, \and when i'm not with you,\i know that it's true,\that i'd rather be anywhere but here without you "
"let me light up the sky,\light it up for you,\let me tell you why,\i would die for you,\let me light up the sky,\light it up for you,\let me make this mine,\i'll ignite for you "
"its official, 3 weeks into my job and already promoted to lead training assistant "
"making some changes for the better, t-minus 1 week "
focus on what is necessary to acquire what you need 
"i took everything for <propmale>, a mistake i will never make again "
happy thanksgiving everyone  i hope you all are thankful for the lives you have and the family and friends around you and never take any of your lives for granted and <propfemale> every moment with the ones you love and who love you 
i'll stare straight into the sun and i wont close my eyes until i understand or go blind 
"for all of you who are aware of the situation, i just got out of jail on harassment charges  so for those of you slandering, it's not true, i did not break into my house, i let myself into my own home  and i did not hurt <propfemale> in anyway shape or form, nor did i throw her down any stairs or hit her "
you can't change the past and you'll ruin the present by predicting the future 
in your eyes i lost my place could stay awhile  i'm melting in your eyes like the first time that i caught fire 
"despite the lies that you're saying, your love is mine for the taking, my love is just waiting to turn your tears into roses "
lost in a void of darkness 
"the only person who looks out for you, is yourself! no one has had my back since the beginning, so i thank you all for nothing "
keeping my head held high and driving forward!
tron = badass!!
"<propfemale> christmas  enjoy the holidays with the ones you love and the family and friends who you are thankful for  never take anything for granted because life can change in an instant, so enjoy every moment "
you can't change the past and you'll ruin the present by trying to predict the future  so live life to the fullest and don't let the small shit burden you  life is too short to let anyone or anything stop you from being you 
"new years <propfemale> party at my house, come one come all  text me or send me a message for directions "
"its awesome to get your house and dog back, but not so awesome to come home to 90% of everything taken "
"new years <propfemale> bash @ 4670 cade court  bring a bottle or a rack if you can afford it  jungle juice, beer pong, music, and more  lets end this year out with a bang! be there or be square!"
"ascend above the ashes,\ascend above it all,\ascend above the ashes of the worlds i once knew,\ascendancy is the only thing this will prove "
"people will forget what you say to them and people will forget what you do to them, but people will never forget how you made them feel "
"i will not relent no no\never suffer defeat, never falter\for this cements my beliefs\i will not choke on failure \\i am a mortal man\but i'm not falling, i'm not broken yet\i am a mortal man\but i hold tight to my beliefs now"
drinking the sorrows away  never thought i'd say that  guess everyone has their time 
i need to invent a time machine!
"life is so intriguing, everyone goes through it in their own unique way but everyone always seems to share a lot of life's e playful eriences at different spots in their lives  some more fortunate, but many less fortunate to have the people or the resources to help them through that difficult time  but its the people that help who are truly unique, they help when they don't have to and may have their own issues "
be the change you want to see in the world 
time is present to stop everything from happening at once 
"can't seem to get passed the past, just wish i could start again "
embrace that which defines you!
now my dreams are haunting me with the memory of the past  this is bullshit!
how do you spell shoot you in the fucking face 
non-existant when we keep our hearts cold 
"never seems to fail, i get a step forward and something happens to push me back two  this is getting so goddamn frustrating "
you never know how strong you really are until being strong is all you can be 
"it sucks to lose close friends, i've lost a lot, but i've gained many more that i'm happy to call my friends "
"i said shush girl, shut your lips, do the <propfemale> keller and talk with your hips "
"its tough starting completely over again  its like the military when they move you  the only difference is i wasn't moved, i live where where the scar is healing and its not doing so well  fuck!"
"oh i get by with alittle help from my friends\mmm get high with alittle help from my friends \mmm gonna try with alittle help from my friends"
"the city looks so pretty, do you wanna burn it with?"
i live first and leave the bullshit dead last 
about to go grip n rip with and old friend 
"sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together  every story has an end, but in life every end is just a new beginning "
"if anyone from saturday night finds a <propfirst> white snowboard jacket, i would really love to get it back  if you or any of your friends have any info please contact me asap  thank you "
comfortably numb
will there ever be a true escape? the vices of life never seem to last long enough before reality floods back in 
"hittin the casino, time to make some extra money!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes from everyone 
wants back what was  tired of what is 
"a wise man once told me, \don't let what you love to do get in the way of what you need to do \"""""
i want my damn life back!! it's just not the same anymore!
all that we are arises with our thoughts 
"rah rah, like a dungeon dragon!!"
misses washington 
oh how i love my life!
i want to dream again 
looking forward to hitting the slopes this weekend and getting away from everything for a day 
"never did i know a statement to be so true as the one that says \you never know what you truely have until its gone \"" but nonetheless i must learn to adapt and overcome and make and enjoy new memories with the new friends that i've made """
had an amazing day with an amazing person  a much needed adventure  best time i've had in a long time 
"you tell your boyfriend, if he says he's got beef,\that i'm a vegetarian and i ain't fucking scared of him "
"knowing is not enough, we must apply  willing is not enough, we must do "
rai coming soon!
right above it  - the new standard  bringing a change to colorado springs 
funny how life continues to kick you while you're down  never seems to fail 
wish i could fly to the <propfemale> and never come back 
flippin ashes in the big dipper!
"more court, yay, fuck my world!"
"if only court had gone my way thursday, i'd still have a job  at least i don't have a restraining order on my record any longer  that would have prevented me from contracting, going hunting, or even just buying a gun "
hitting the incline  clearing my head and getting some exercise 
"my question: who took the time to <propfemale> all of those railroad ties up that mountain, let alone hammer them all into the ground?"
"i am in darkness, caused by my plight \you are my focus and through the darkness, my light "
"hitting the incline again today  it's relaxing and clears the mind, at least for today "
the only way to move forward is to face your obstacles head on and take them on one step at a time
love that is lost can never be let go 
is it wrong to sleep half the day away to avoid living in a miserable reality?
my <propfemale> of the stars      
feels like ending it all       
"hit the incline again, cleared the head "
amazing how one decision can bring the downfall and avalanche of so many things 
i order a hot & spicy mcchicken and receive a bun with lettuce and cheese no chicken  isn't that what makes the sandwich?
"each night i wish to god he’d let her rest,\this hurts me more than any man can bear \she’s my angel from the west,\there will never be one to take her place     \my <propfemale> of the stars "
gotta love when things not even in your control screws up shit  saw a glimpse of light but it vanished as quickly as it appeared 
"rain on my hopes,\rain on my soul,\rain on everything that i know \it feels so ludicrous the pursuit of this dream,\we thought we'd be there long ago "
having a tough time dealing with myself and constant memories that flood my mind 
"if you're going through hell, keep going!"
you embrace that which defines you 
so empty and lost 
i can't turn my mind off and its slowly killing me  i wish there was a solution 
