bdac49110c3d956cdd03eb8ea6f7199a
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
bebs!!! don't eat the snowman!
<propfemale> not christmas everyone!
nothing
"iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae   the rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it whotuit a  pboerlm  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by  istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  azanmig huh? yaeh and i awlyas tghuhot  slpeling was ipmorantt!"
"fi yuo cna raed tihs, yuo hvae a sgtrane mnid too  cna yuo raed tihs? olny 55 plepoe out of 100 can   i cdnuolt blveiee taht i cluod aulaclty uesdnatnrd waht i was rdanieg   the phaonmneal pweor of the hmuan mnid, aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at  cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a  wrod are, the olny"
read it!
q: what is the chemical formula for the molecules in <propfemale>?    a: carbon-holmium-cobalt-lanthanum-tellurium or chocolate
says: if someone is dumb  enough to walk out of your life    be smart enough to let them go   
"dammit all to hell, i can't fart, wtf"
"dammit, i'm bored   "
"if you're brave copy this to your status, and see what people rate you: (1) crazy (2 wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) sexy (7) strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) like your lips (11) wild (12) wana kiss you (13) funny (14) lets go out (15) beautiful (16) amazing (17) cute (1 smile  wish we had sex (if ur not brave u can always answer in my inbox"
bored out of my mind 
"yeah, finally got a new phone"
need snacks
i'm fat and i cant do nothing about it 
man this is some bullshit 
my fuckin arm is bruised
"haha, thanks a lot guys "
"hello vegas, be back in a week "
hollywood is fuckin boring 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (december 6), there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for violence against children "
"jeez, moonlight sonata 1st mvt is so hard to play    "
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is simple "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
