303c4543d6d5cf0d1bc01b12978e3c0c
face book is one crazy thing   
*dances in circles* im going to see miyavi!!!
i wonder how many people whould suck up to me if i got to go on a national television show     
"i wish that when you talked to therapists that they would only bring up one subject at a time  today, she brought up so many topics that we couldn't close any of them in time before i left    now i'm sitting here feeling like a have open bleeding wounds all over    it's not a pleasant thing i promise you "
"what ever was left of my heart and mind died the day i said \goodbye\""    for every time i say \""i love you\"" it will be another thousand tears i've cried """
i think my body is falling apart 
go me    i just managed to lose everything in the matter of a month and a half  life just keeps getting better and better huh?
i wonder    did i always feel hope? i think the meds are currupting my thinking patterns!
bored and looking for a good conversation  please im me!
i love how i tell people to im me and the post on my wall     i hate my life   
going to the doctor today     should be horrible  yay 
"i'm actually trying to pull an all-nighter    and for once, i don't know if i can  this is so not like me "
bored and looking for a good conversation  please im me!
"just got my new condenser microphone in the mail (yesterday while i had a light and noise sensative migraine)  apparently my singing sounded like crap half of the time because of my old mic  now, i think i can love myself a bit more "
"my daddy died last night at 8:10  we stayed with him 'til the end  he was loved by many, and will be missed  \\r i p  <propfirst> rosenberg\oct  26, 1947~may 22, 2010"
"my daddy died last saturday at 8:10  we stayed with\ him 'til the end  he was loved by many, and will be missed  \\r i p \ <propfirst> rosenberg\oct  26, 1947~may 22, 2010\\the service will be at 1pm tuesday, june 1st  @ new st  <propfirst>'s cemetery in belmawr\everyone who knew him is invited "
"r i p  <propfirst> rosenberg oct  26, 1947~may \22, 2010\the service will be at 1pm tuesday, june 1st  @ new st  \<propfirst>'s cemetery in belmawr  everyone who knew him is invited \contact\ me for more information and directions "
got a memorial tattoo for my dad  i made a photo album just for the pictures of it  please comment on them and tell me what you think!
"so, in the end (after being burried with the wrong family at first) dad \is now resting beside his family 'til the end of eternity  some day i \will join him, but not anytime soon hopefully  i hope everyone i love is\ doing well and are happy & healthy  i love you all!"
comment here if you're willing to call me    something feels wrong tonight     i might need some one to talk to    i might not want to be alone    (those who know me well know what i'm talking about with all this)
got my man in my arms and my hair on his chest    now i just wish he'd take his hair out too    a girl can only dream i guess
one week!!! *is going to die of waiting*
"happy father's day, daddy! i miss you, and i'm sorry that on the first father's day we had together i ran away for the first time     i love you and i hated watching you cry because you found me again  if i promise to never leave again and never do the wrong things again, will you come back?"
omfg      i get to meet miyavi in less than 1 week    then i get to see him in concert!!! omfg!!! *spazzes*
i'm bleeding    my heart is torn open     i hope the blood never stops trickling down
"i'm not crazy, i'm just a little unwell  i know, right now you can't tell  but, stay a while and maybe then you'll see     a different side of me   "
if you could just point me in the direction of the bed it'd be quite nice of you      thanks!
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 1271814932"
"i'm not crazy, i'm just a little unwell  i know,\ right now you can't tell  but, stay a while and maybe then you'll \see     a different side of me   "
"ok     withing 24 hours i'll be in new york     say your \goodbye's\"" to me now """
we wake up at 7am tomorrow    and leave at 10am tomorrow for new york 
out of my mind    fukking crazy    loving every second!
its come to my attention    i actually saw miyavi    the fucker bruised my scalp    that means he touched me  *dies*
ummm      happy birthday gackt?    wait that's not right     oh! happy fourth of july mina~~!!!
"4 surprise 4 am     what's on my mind    waisting time, waisting light    no room to lie, no reasons to survive     i tell you tonight and i'll make you smile    it's 4 surprise 5 am    i am here "
f***ccckkkk!!!!!! i could cry     i give up
i have the feeling     that waking up crying and screaming tonight won't be the same as last time  i think this time it'll be because i want something good back from the dream i have 
"no, really, i'm not ok     but that's ok    "
i couldn't be more unprepared for what i'm doing    too bad i don't care  when i need to be who i am then that's all you're gonna get    me! take me    or leave me 
she was daddy's little girl    
oops!!! i left my face book up and was out for 2 hours with it saying i was here    sorry for everyone who tried to get a hold of me!
"spuods?? o??\ ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu??do? \?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
i wrote you a letter    it's in japanese  i know you can't read it    but that's the point 
if shouting to the sky would make you realize then it would be your name i'd cry 
"????????????\ ????????????????\\?????????????????????????????"
"????????????\ ????????????????\\?????????????????????????????\and, for those of you who complain you can't read it annoyed though, there is no god \\i swore to that when you became a star \\i don’t need a god at all  if you, if you could only be here, instead "
??????????????????????????????????
"i've never had my hair in a \fishtail-braid\"" before  it hasn't ever been long enough since i started shaving my head when i \",303c4543d6d5cf0d1bc01b12978e3c0c,let me pick your brain     i want to know you 
"i miss the days when i could play and laugh  when you knew if a boy liked you cause he'd just punch you in the face and \die\"" when ever his parents said he just had a crush """
when i start breathing again i'll let you know 
"well, the storm outside is a good representation of how my mind feels right now  also, my power may go out  i think i'm going to sit on the porch with my ipod and see if the lightening lines up with the music in any type of awesome way "
i think i've started breathing again     dunno really
"????????????\\????????????\\????????????\\????????????\\????"
"wow    i need a new life, cause, apparently, i don't have one! anyone have a life for sale? i need one cheap    i'm broke "
"i am basically asleep    if i forget to close the browser and you try to im me while i'm passed out, then it's you're fault the browser was kept open    did that make sense? or did my brain become mush again?"
i    want to talk    to him 
perhaps    i should stop hoping   
"i'm about to eat 2 mcchickens and a large fry    yeah, i'm a fat ass    so what?"
"cancel that     a bit of <propfirst>'s milkshake, half a large fry, and one bite of a mcchicken    i'm full "
waiting for scryed to load on the ps3    i'm really starting to love this show 
going to sleep soon  i'll see you all in the morning  daisuki yo mina-san! oyasumi~!
"ok people, i lost the charger for my ipod touch  anyone know where it's at?"
"ok, crisis averted! i found the ipod cable  i can now charge and synch my ipod again  you may all resume your daily lives "
is anyone else having trouble with fb ims?
"ok, this is for everyone!\please, send a picture of yourself in a private message to me  i'm going to make a collage of all of my friends for my computer background \if you don't know how to insert the picture into a private message then message me about it and i will give you either my e-mail address to send it to \i'm trying to get this done by the 7th, so please be quick!\i ? you all! and thanks in advance!!"
who else is listening to tainted reality?
i can feel you     you're right there    just reach a bit further  i'll take the last step toward you once i feel your hand in mine 
"in\ memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost \their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this \up for1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy \and paste  i did  will you?"
"and yet, somehow, $25 is the hardest thing to obtain right now "
"do people still use the word \tard\""?"""
"any one know of a place i can download a torrent\ for the full drama series mars? i loved that show! i wanna watch it again  please, help! (oh, and they have to be subbed, i don't speak chinese     yet )"
"ok guys, i'm going to bed  i ? you all  oyasumi~!"
"ok, so my sleep schedule is all fucked up  too bad i can't fix it  either i'll have to start waking up at like 4 to see miyavi's concerts live online, or i'll have to stay up throught he night  i like the second option more "
my girl april needs a place to stay  she's 8 months pregnant and cannot stay here any longer  if you are in the underwood hospital area and have a bed or couch for her to crash on for the next month until she has the baby and can move into her step-dad's place please let me or her know  she's in my friends list if you need to contact her 
i'm just going to go to bed  i didn't get a <propmale> to talk to many people today  i'll see you all on the morning  i ? you all and love some of you  lol ??????
omfg! i look better than you and your mother combined! get over it!hahaha just got my hair cut and feeling like a million bucks
my god  miyavi is deffinately best when enjoyed live! who else is watching?? does this count as my second miyavi live?
miyavi was amazing  now it's time for the real world    i'ma go make my hair amazing and start the day lol
"i'm ready to just give up on the task at hand  but, what would that accomplish? *continues doing what she was doing before*"
it's done     there are a few finishing touches    but my task is completed  yay me!! *dances*        o 0        *passes out*
it's a new day    why does it remind me so much of yesterday though? it's almost as if the world has spun backward on me     drawn out my sentence on this earth an extra day 
i'm buying my bus ticket to boston and concert tickets for deg tomorrow morning  the prices went up on the bus ticket by a little bit    but it's still really reasonable  this is going to be insane!
"now i play the waiting game \since i got up late, i now have to wait for my mother tog et up from her nap before i can buy all the stuff for deg  would it be cruel to wake her up in an hour? lol  joyful "
"one step at a time, i'll keep moving forward  one step at a time, i'll get my rhythm in line  one step at a time, i keep my head held high  though my tears may blind my eyes, i'll keep moving down this line  cause, one step at a time brings me closer to my future life "
"god\ saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so, he put his arms \around you and whispered \come with me\""  with tearful eyes", i watched \303c4543d6d5cf0d1bc01b12978e3c0c,"true\ friends don't care if you're broke, when your house is a mess, or about\ your past, or if your family is filled with crazies   they love you for\ who you are! a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking\ and never question the friendship  repost if you are blessed   with \at   least one true friend  they will know who they are"
"mutter ist der name für gott, auf den? lippen und in den herzen aller \kinder dieser welt "
why does facebook always put random returns in things i copy-paste into my status?
i miss you    but at least you don't miss me  i'd feel bad if i caused you pain like that 
my internet was shut off  we can't get it turned back on until the 25th  i leave for boston the 24  so if you need me call me  you won't see me on here for a while
i can't believe i'm going to miss miyavi live online this morning  damn it!
i'm bored and in pain  just little longer until i'm back to full health again  i miss you all!
"i miss you guys so fucking much  oh god, i want my internet back so bad  call or text if you wanna talk "
not one person has called or texted me today aside from my mother and miyavi's twitter  i tell you guys i miss you and this is the response i get? nice  i love you too lol
"so, i'm really freaking bored  someone please entertain me? message me for my number!"
"so, i can connect my phone to my comp through bluetooth  the problem is that without internet i can't install the drivers to fuck with it  oh well "
i want my internet back  i miss my friends  the one's in my head suck
k everyone  i have to go to bed soon  i ? you all so very much!!
i miss you guys! but i'll be seeing some of you soon at the dir en grey concerts!  love 
"good news everyone! i got my internet turned back on    but, i won't be home to use it for the next 4 to 5 days  hahaha! dir en grey, here i come!"
my itinerary: leave home at aprox 10 smile 0 pm  leave philly transportation center at aprox 11:59 pm  arrive in boston at aprox 6 surprise 0 am sit and wait until the show the next afternoon    i'll add more about my itenerary later 
i am currently on the bus to boston  my adventure had officially begun!! wish me luck everyone 
"well, i'm home     i got quite ill in just a matter of hours at the venue and had to hightail it back home  i feel like such a coward now "
i leave for philly at about 1 pm today    then i camp out over night and wait till doors tomorrow  i will rock extra hard for anyone who wants me to  i don't mind carrying your love with me to  diru desearves it 
i'm at the venue  been here for a little over 4 hours  so far it's been fun as hell! i know people! yay me!
got home around 1 am  i had such a great time  i cried i smiled    and i smiled a whole bunch more  it's definately not the sunburn that has my cheeks hurting    toshiya and kaoru's little competition had me smiling and laughing all night  i had a blast!
"oh, i should probably let you all know  my phone got shut off a couple days ago  dunno when it'll be turned on again  but for those of you who still wanna get a hold of me send me a message and i'll reply with my house line for you! ? you all ttyl"
"you always do that\when i want to see you, \you're not there\even\ though it's my own dream\it's always up to you\\if i see you \tomorrow\then this time\i won't ever let you go\i don't care if\ it's just a dream"
"lukas is napping    mom is reading     and me? well, i'm writing about a girl who meets the love of her life in her dreams  is that a good enough combination of what they are both doing? ^__^"
i don't want to be weak anymore  i will improve myself  it doesn't matter if we go to the same school  i will be strong and i will make myself even stronger  my education will be my weapon 
life    it keeps moving forward    even if you don't want it to 
"i want to be held by you    i want to be seen by you    i want to be thought of by you    just like you did, in all of those dreams  and, if i could    i'd hold your hand and pull you through  never letting go  we'd dream together  forever this way  holding me, as i hold you \(mata yume de aimashou   ) let's meet again in the dream   "
"even in the face of death, innocence is not lost "
i can't say it to your face    but    i miss you 
"i must actually be sick for once  i'm so tired  my head feels like its stuffed with cotton  my vision is blurry and everything sounds like it's under water  but, oh well  i have my son today! screw you sickness!"
pepsi is making my day better 
"moving forward, and rocking on to my own beat "
i've decided what i'm doing for my 23rd birthday on the 17th of october  i am going to get my nose pierced on the first and then forget about my birthday for the rest of the month  feel free to ignore my birthday as well!
"i have two cats that needs a home  both are fixed and vaccinated up to date \1: large male, short haired mixed breed (tabby colored)  13 years old  not safe for children under 7, and occasionally sketchy around african-americans, but wonderful otherwise \2: medium female, medium haired mixed breed (mostly black)  4 years old  all-around great little girl, makes a good \lap cat\"" \",303c4543d6d5cf0d1bc01b12978e3c0c,"i think i need to go to the er  i seriuosly messed up my left elbow while     working out    yeah    (actually i was dancing, but what ever)  i took a shot of vodka hoping to dull the pain enough to sleep, dunno how well that will work  heres hoping!"
"great  i have my son at 7 am and i can't freakin' sleep!!! wtf? my mind and body will not stop moving  i try to lay still and my foot keeps twitching or my eyes won't stay closed  and my mind, well, let's not start on that    pray for me that i do not die tomorrow "
"so, <propfirst> paid for me to get my nose pierced last night  it doesn't look half bad  i have to pay him back wheni get money though  joyful  doesn't bother me "
"if i could, i would hold your hand and offer you a cigarette  i would release your hand only when it had burned out  i'd also never give you a lighter "
"fuck, my nose ring itches   "
i could be your crutch    maybe then you can look back at all the other times i was there and realize i was always your crutch  i love supporting you 
"if you and i wokeup in jail together     using \only 4 words     what would you say tome? ( if you comment you have to \copy this to your status    fair isfair so play along like nice \children   )"
i may not be online for a good while  my computer seems to have died 
running with scissors again    and slashing all the roses on my way
cutting through    breaking apart    running in    and charging up my    butterfly wings  flying away into the night    piecing it together    you will be mine 
"i was able to frankenstein my computer with my dad's  so, i'm all good now!"
"at 6 smile 2 am i was sitting in my room crying    why? well, because i heard the studio version of my favorite miyavi song ever recorded for the first time  the album doesn't even come out til midnight (japan time)  it feels like an early birthday present "
"so, who else has heard miyavi's new album \what's my name?\""\",303c4543d6d5cf0d1bc01b12978e3c0c,can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now   
"so, i am another year older     am i any wiser?"
"you know, i wish my cell still worked  i wonder how many people are going to try texting it to tell me happy b-day"
to everyone who wished me a happy birthday     thank you!
"i want a certain person to tell me \happy birthday\""      so far    it hasn't happened    -_-"""
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
"well, there goes my mind  it just ran away  if you happen to find it please look through it's wallet for taxi fare to send it back to me "
"i want you to know, i love you  i want you to know, i need you  i want you to know that i never meant to feel these things about you  but, i do, so i'll enjoy them  you'll never know nor understand how i feel about you  i'm alright with trying to e playful lain them for the rest of my life "
i want a cigarette     *raids the ashtrays again*    any one want to come bring me a cig?
waiting at the audobon gamestop  i'll have my new sims game in an hour and a half  can't wait!
i have my new sims game  now    i'm going to ignore the real world for a bit! bai!
"every\ person has 1,000 wishes  a cancer patient has one, to get better  i \know 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends \will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for one \hour in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting \it "
perhaps you will notice me after all   
"my mom is being a \goth\"" for halloween  i guess i rubbed off on her a bit over the years  hehe"""
"so, i'm thinking of starting a local computer repair service  i would travel to the person's home and address whatever problems they might have  but, there's a kink in my plan    i can't come up with a catchy name for my \business\"" \",303c4543d6d5cf0d1bc01b12978e3c0c,"so, the power supply box in my computer    well it burned out  it could be a while before i have the money for a new one  you guys may not see me online for a few months "
i'm tired of owning this house and not being cosulted at all over the decisions made within it  it'd getting laughable how little i matter under my own roof 
"my new power supply for my computer is on it's way here  i'm so jittery with antisipation that it's not even funny  now, i just hope that nothing else goes wrong with computer any time soon  *crosses fingers* i really miss being able to talk to my friends "
"woot!!! the new power supply just arrived this morning! i just finished installing it and right now, this is it maiden voyage  so far so freaking good!"
"i sometimes wonder to myself: \do you have any idea what feelings go through me when you smile?\"""""
"was reading a book all day today    finally get some peace and quiet to fully enjoy said book, so i make a huge bowl of popcorn     three handfuls of popcorn in and i'm finished the book  life sucks again "
"letting everyone know annoyed 1  currently, my house phone is mia  we think it got lost outside \2  my internet may be shut off within the next few days "
i need to sleep    i have my son in less than 6 hours    why won't my brain shut off?!?!
"ok guys, i don't know why, but, my computer will not connect to the internet  i'll figure it out eventually  until then, sorry to the people i was talking to last night when i suddenly went offline "
"i guess it is the season in which i must miss people  i miss my sister <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> , and even though he'll be here tonight i miss <propfirst> <propfirst>amere   i've never really missed you before, but for some reason i miss you now <propfirst> m price sr   maybe i just want my family this holliday  and to think, i don't even want to celebrate christmas  guess it's a weird year for me  i miss everyone "
i hate not having a cell phone     or should i say: having a cell phone and not having service 
if a man is standing in the middle of the <propmale> speaking and there is no woman around to hear him   is he still wrong?
"so, if you haven't figured it out by now, my internet is shut off  it should be on within the next month or two  i miss you all! ttyl"
my internet is turned back on now    but my computer refuses to connect  go figure  love my luck 
i'm pretty sure i can't just replace the one part of the computer that is broken  i am about 70% positive that i have to replace the whole motherboard  *my comp hates me*
"out of the blue, my computer has connected to the interwebs  weird huh?"
is there a computer genius in the house??? my computer is driving me into an early grave  help! call my house line if you think you help 
"waiting for my new wireless network adapter to arrive  either today or tomorrow  you guys will know when  until then, i'll try to keep myself updated through my ipod  ttyl"
my new network adapter is up and running  i hope all the problems i had with internet speed before will now be fixed 
"my house smells like broccoli     god, it was delicious "
yay for injuries  fun 
"sora & troy,\my internet crapped out again  i'll be back when i can \-aiichi"
falling down the up escalator    when does the fall end?
"have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately? thats because facebook made a change  you only see posts from people you interact with regularly, to change this scroll down to the bottom of the newsfeed on the homepage and click on 'edit options', click on 'show posts from' and change  the setting to 'all of your friends and pages' *repost and let everyone know*"
"having trouble sleeping  i promise though, i will be asleep again though"
x-men marathon in my bedroom tonight! woot for classic nerdy awesome-ness!
"sanyo 32\ lcd hdtv for my bedroom  it's going to look so pretty!"""
got myself and hdtv    now i just need cable instead of antennae 
i just want to sleep    but i can't    some one is in my bed   
currently using my friends old keyboard  going to take some getting used to  it's hard as hell to type on 
happy <propfirst>'s day my fellow americans  and happy white day to my japanese friends!
