76784014124126e769eedd9e286cf1a3
just watched a really good true blood 
's elephant shirt turned out excellent 
is pretty fucking depressed that <propfirst> <propmale> is dead  i'm pretty sure the world is going to end soon 
had fun and lots of it 
went to serious pie today  soooooo good 
mysterious as the dark side of   the <propfemale>!!!!!!
watching <propmale> and playing sims 
i wanna do bad things with you 
got requested for jury duty  fml 
"just finished watching season 1 of <propmale>, and is very tired "
likes godric 
was tortured all day long yesterday 
my posse's on broadway 
had the first party of many to come in our new apartment last night!!
"little boxes on the hillside, little boxes made of ticky tacky, little boxes on the hillside, little boxes all the same   smile "
had so much fun last night  hehehe   smile 
reading reading reading reading reading 
is excited for girls night tonight 
just bought some puppy chow   smile 
new puppy new puppy new puppy!!!!!!! but no camera   sad 
just drank half a pitcher of <propfemale> light and is still thirsty?  annoyed 
got an alpaca hat   smile 
"<propmale> is <propmale>, cayce is <propfemale>, <propfirst> is <propmale>, <propfemale> is <propfirst>, <propmale> is creed, and i am <propfemale> "
had fun!!! last night 
and <propmale> have too much fun together 
just watched a good episode of <propmale> 
owned her speech 
science!!!! the answer to everything!!!!
has a case of the mondays 
hates glee 
"i'll never wipe away your kisses, no matter how slobbery they are "
battled a spider and a psych test today 
's puppy just chewed through her speaker and printer cords   sad 
was humiliated today 
watching new harrry potter!!
has the best puppy ever   smile 
wouldn't it be cool if it snowed parmesian cheese?
found her boyfriend hiding in the closet when she told him to go to class   
its snowing its snowing its snowing!!!!!!!
has officially signed up for her classes and is switching to psych!
has a wet puppy on her lap 
that's why you don't teach lessons    to your son 
loves her daddy   smile 
the week is almost over    so close 
kicked her nerves and cramps in the face and fucking owned her speech!!!!!!!!
finally finished inglorious bastards  so good 
is cuddling with her pup-a-lup  this is what true love really is 
you gotta pay the troll toll if you wanna get in that boys hole!
last day of public speaking!!!!! i am never going to public speak again 
"sometimes you lie to someone, and then you feel really bad about it  but then they go and do something really douchy, and then you're glad you screwed them "
just watched world's greatest dad  <propfirst> <propmale> is still amazing 
answered 226 multiple choice questions today  i think this calls for some peanut m+ms 
today is going slow 
"i'm trying to turn off my comp so i can study, but i just     can't!!!!!!"
is done with finals!!!!!
had fun sneaking out with <propfemale>   laugh 
midnight banana 
"i looked in a dumpster and saw a wig, and said \hey brother i'm gon take this \"""""
"<propmale>'s, old people home, <propfirst>'s, <propfirst> <propfirst>'s, <propfemale>'s "
new goal in life: marry a chiropractor  or find some way to get free back therapy for the rest of my days 
just wants to go home already 
"psych 490, psych 311, anth 201, hist 102, <propmale> 101, bio 201  anyone with me?"
not a good night for the tummy 
is on an uncomfortable caffeine high 
"we don't have any bowls left, so i'm eating macaroni and cheese out of the pan "
forgot how much she loooooooves strawberry ice cream 
"hey, you just stuck your kid in the eye with your \save the children\"" sign """
"one can see that any argument having this form will be such that if it's premises were true (maybe as a matter of fact they are, but maybe they aren't) then the conclusion would have to be true (though as a matter of fact, the conclusion may not be true)  oh    now i get it "
"cheezits, clementines, and 30 rock dvds   laugh "
"loves wednesdays  only one class, my favorite, and then i get to spend lunch with my friends   laugh "
all done 
met someone she wants to be exactly like when she grows up 
forgot how amazing she wants revenge is 
taaaaaaaaaaaater tooooooooooots 
should not have eaten all that mexican food 
my psych teacher passed around vibrators today 
"\gasp   i ordered a pizza   \"""""
is watching starship troopers instead of studying 
"is in love with fried chicken  there, i said it "
now that song is stuck in my head   annoyed  that's the last time i watch ghostbusters out of boredom 
plays hide and seek with her pup a lup 
"if you're lookin for me, you better check under the sea, cause that is where you'll find me   smile "
welcome to the circus of value!
is going to take a shower before the water pressure goes back down 
i forgooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot!!!!! ugh   
just had a big boost of energy!
pascal just wants to derail us from the logical train track 
is drinking apple sauce from the can 
<propmale> baldwin doesn't pee on his friends 
"when life keeps handin you anchovies, just cover them up with some extra cheese and make a pi-zza!!!"
ate too many green onions 
doesn't have any homework to do over break!
i wanna donut
is beginning to think spending spring break with her family was a bad idea 
you're damn right you don't want any trouble i'm a whaaaaaaale 
"can't believe she wasted her entire spring break  it was boring, full of drama, and only got to ski twice! this is definitely the last family vacation i'm taking  in such a bad mood right now "
taco night 
just watched <propfirst> carlin for the first time  i don't think i've ever laughed so hard before in my life   laugh 
philosophy is intense 
it's really <propfemale> outside! best weather ever 
has zero food 
got sick somehow  d:
i think i am a zombie 
"stayed up until 5 watching pet sematary, had crazy nightmares, and never wants to sleep again  i'm so lame "
thought today was gonna suck but it is actually awesome  my test was moved to next week and someone smelled like french toast on the bus this morning 
differ is a weird word 
"may become a vegetarian after watching food inc , but other than that, gonna party my ass off because i owned my stat exam today!"
"with every mistake, we must surely be learning "
somehow slept in until 2 and wasted half her day d:
wrote a poem about a bus 
fulla sketti 
is sad about the plastic bags stuck in the trees behind my house   sad 
it all started with a sandwich 
my boyfriend wants me to <propfemale> around a screwdriver for safety  <_<
my puppy follows me around in the morning while i'm getting ready   laugh  i love my life 
we picked our new apartment  eeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!
super-studying starts tomorrow 
i think i might be a hippie 
11:40 wake up  11:43 catch bus  11:57 sprint up hill  11:59 bust into class gasping for breath  12 surprise 0 turn in paper  12 surprise 1 go back home to study 
was eaten alive by a statistics final 
is not in the mood to sit in my house and study for the 5th day in a row 
school=over  krista=ecstatic 
"freeze, turkeys "
a- in statistics  heeeeeeeelllllll yeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!
"vancouver is amazing  e playful lored the city, five guys for lunch, and went to trader joes today   laugh "
cirque du soleil on friday!!!!!!! eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!
turned in job apps today and bought red dead redemption   laugh  it's gonna be a good night 
got a car for her birthday  holy shit!
"once upon a time, a girl sat down and watched a bizarre television show for 6 years  then she got slapped in the face  the end "
thank you so much for all the birthday wishes everyone!!  love   love   love 
is in a waaaay better mood now 
taught <propmale> a new trick!
has been checking craigslist and applying for jobs like craaaaaazy 
got an interview tomorroooooooowwww!!!!!
is basically in love with <propmale> maher 
all my shows are done  but thats ok because true blood is almost here 
has been watching too many squidbillies 
is sick so that's my excuse for playing video games all day   annoyed 
broccoli  mmmmmm 
that's my purse! i don't know you!!!
i want strawberries  anything with strawberries 
excited for tomorrow 
"i don't know if i'm going to sneeze, or i'm going to cry "
"i'm flying high, but i've got a feelin i'm fallin "
there's a bomb in the watermelon!!!!
you have to want it as much as you want your next breath 
i can't believe it's still 91 degrees out  raaaaawwwwwrrrr!!!
had an amazing day! went to the lake with <propmale> and taught hugey to swim!
is sunburned and covered in bug bites  but i think that's what summer is all about 
"if everyone thought with an open mind, there would be no need for therapists "
just chased my pug around the apartment for 20 minutes 
this weekend was exactly what i needed   smile  sniff aaaaaahhhhhhh 
you know it's going to be a good day when you start out at the cricket  mmmmmmm
my 80th time watching sita sings the blues   love 
hide your kids hide your wife hide your kids hide your wife
"picked yummy blueberries with awesome people, and now a pie is in my future "
"my dog woke up early, got into the treats and ate an entire new bag, then woke me up to take him out again  but i think i still love him   love "
had an amazing day with my best <propmale>!!  love 
<propmale> pedros tacos  will be in my belly soon 
the cookies brought us together   smile 
i love laughing  i love love love it 
first day of school  wooooooooo
"i haven't been this happy in quite a long time  i feel for once like every aspect in my life is going as planned  just realized i've been with a freaking awesome guy for 5 years today, we have the dog we've always wanted, and i finally have an idea of who and what i want to be  i love my new life, new classes, and the amazing family and friends who have always cared about me   love "
i bet the trees love swaying in the wind 
had a great night last night and is excited for a bombin weekend!!!!  laugh 
debated with <propmale> about the ending of memento last night for 2 hours 
popped my tire today   sad 
"2 exams in the next 20 hours, then endless homework  kill me now "
i want to watch macgyver 
metal gear solid 4
has too much logic homework on the weekends which results in spending all day on my computer instead of going to portland and doing fun stuff   sad 
snuggled my face in a puppy before i left  i am ready to face the world 
i want to wear this sweatshirt for the rest of my life and keep running and running and running away from the real world 
my dog smells like corn chips   annoyed 
"pink <propmale> made me cry today, and it's only monday    sigh"
so excited to make my sita costume this weekend!!  surprise 
woke up with a headache from a stress dream  it's going to be another long week 
whoa    that math test was 8 pages long 
"carvin my pumpkin, working on my costume, voting, and watching the great pumpkin "
had a fantastic halloween weekend
"it's raining water, leaves, and responsibilities "
my grandpa remembered me   smile 
it's the weekend!!! yaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!
loooooooooves trailor park boys   laugh 
the smashed pumpkin next to my parking spot finally rotted away    but that's about all that's new   annoyed 
i am just amazed that people think it is okay to interupt a lecture so they can scream profanities at each other  so rude 
oooooooo wwweeeeeeeeeee what up with that  what up with that?
<propfirst> and <propfemale>  best movie ever 
very delicious thanksgiving  yum 
the next 3 weeks are going to be the busiest of my life 
not patient enough for kindergarden right now  nope 
you can never rely on pity 
my prof cancelled class because of a family emergency  and the presentation we've been working on all semester will not be presented    i don't know if i should be relieved or really bummed 
"just made the best grilled cheese ever, and about to study for 2 finals tomorrow "
"it's always nice to start the day off talking to a good friend, getting a final over with, and getting a care package in the mail   laugh "
i am done  i am so done  yessssssss
i want potato skins so bad right now   annoyed 
hiccups all day   sad 
stupid <propmale> orientation  oh well  <propmale> cooked chicken stir fry!  smile 
does life get any easier? does anyone know?
would appreciate a bright blue sky with some little white clouds in it 
bleeeehh    the fifth graders noticed my thumbs  was not prepared to be made fun of all day   sad 
"127 hours = \and that's why you always leave a note\"" \",76784014124126e769eedd9e286cf1a3,i hate school sometimes  i just wanna party!
"umm    history prof quote of the day? \they cut off women's breasts and used them as fucking hats!!!\"""""
i'm a little off this semester   annoyed 
valentimes   smile 
holy shit  just made $200 from a server donation!!
"i'm sorry, but at the end of the day, if you don't believe in evolution or think that gay people shouldn't be able to marry, i'm just not going to be able to take you seriously  you are ignorant "
learning cantina band on recorder  you can't stop me!
the interview: my mortal enemy  let the excruciating month-long anticipation begin 
this music final is so insulting  i want to punch my instructor in the face right now  i am going to be up for hours answering these pointless questions  fmlfmlfml
is drunk 
garlic parmesan tater tots     love 
can't wait until my pineapple is ripe so i can eat it all in one bite   smile 
guess who has been officially accepted into the <propmale> program!!! muah!!  laugh 
