ecbd98a4f3540c04e8c55be145cb4251
happy new year 2010 everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
first day of badly needed vaca  lookin forward to colten's grad  party tomorrow from h s  omg! am i getting old??????
anyone playing las vegas slots please send me a triple bars as a gift and let me know what you need  thanks!
two days with the flu really sucked 
<propfirst> and i are off to the cub game in millwaukee tonight  go cubs go!!!!!
"going to see \it's a wonderful life\"" at the grand theater today   wink """
thanks <propfirst> for a very awesome weekend! you're a <propfemale>!!! love you  smile 
happy birthday <propfirst>!!! love u and miss u alot
"thank u all for the b-day wishes! they are very much appreciated especially since before fb, i have a b-day most people forget, just bcuz it is very easy to after all the holiday rush  i love fb and i love u all  one b-day wish-that this year is better than last, and it has gotta be, love your eternal optimist"
wahhh coffeemaker is burnt out!!!!!!!guess i'll go back to bed  i'm iced in   
i fractured humerus bone in my arm and am not feeling humorous ;^(
why does this keep getting more damn complicated?
if u have an accident i hope for u it is not on workman's comp  i am a human being in severe pain and not a robot  i am the patient and know my own body and how i feel  why do they put u under more stress by not listening to u?
"happy birthday to you, <propfirst>! love you much!"
have a dentist appt  for a tooth extraction @ 2 smile 0 ( tooth hurty p m ) feeling nauseous   
"believes that when life gives you lemons, you should find someone with <propfemale>, another with salt and have a party!"
life happens! unfortunately so does shit!!!
my motivation today is being brought to you by <propmale> house   good to the last drop or 'til i drop since i woke up at 3am **all bright-eyed and minus the bushy tail ??
"i need all my peeps to sign there name under mine  i could use about 200 to be exact and please be a fan of \ between the vines\""thanks and love ya bunches1 lynnie"""
thinking buns of steel are highly overrated  i'm gonna settle for buns of cinnamon!
"hey all look and see if you appear on your own friend list, and delete yourself  its a hacker!"
tiselstopemfloppen is the <propmale> word for bra! lol
"let loose   remember the greatest joys come from the small things in life  laugh, smile, and take pictures :~)"
"have a great b-day, jojo!"
i have a hotpoint washing machine for sale for $150 00  it is in great working condition  if interested call 563-599-2579  if no answer please leave a message and will get back to you asap 
"halfway into the year and i feel like my career is going to doctors! aggghhh   and it's getting worse, nothing terminal!!! ;^6"
"every now and then we find a special friend who never lets us down    who understands it all, reaches out each time we fall"
i'm swiffer wet jettin' one great invention!
sling burning party!!! can officially get rid of it tomorrow after months on one arm and then the other! celebrate good times! come on!!! it's a celebration!
"truth hurts    but lies, secrets and deception hurt more"
looking for a kitten  anyone know of any?
bored silly!! going out and make some noise$%^&%^**())*&*()__(*^%
is off to mocktoberfest! see ya'll there! thanks <propfirst>! i love you!!
new show pilot blue bloods with <propmale> selleck! think it's gonna be awesome! first 2 minutes of show gave me goosebumps!
hmmmm i like it all over the place and as soon as i get in the door 
"omg one of my bestest friends pulled my hair 3 times tonight to make sure i was real  he thought i have been wearing a wig because my hair was always different  i think that was a compliment, cause i have never worn a wig????"
well with 183 friends i'm online alone  what? put you're thing down flip it and reverse it! goodnite facebookland  i hate be'in alone               
"joshie tay mcdowell!!! i officially love you! whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do? you better run and hide! u are a cutie patootie!!!"
"<propmale> first ur up then ur down oh but nthe world keeps turnin around aint it hard to find, somethin to hold onto!"
"i had a feeling that someone was following me around all day, then i figured out that it was just my butt!"
nitty gritty dirt band was damn good tonight! thanks mystique for bringing them to dubuque  they were very gracious and played an awesome concert!
cheeseburger(in paradise!) yummy smile 
warning!!!!!!     ifyou are using the christmas tree app  please be advised it will crash your computer  geek squad says it's one of the worst trojan viruses thereis and it is spreading quickly  re-post and let your friends know42 minutes ago
"warning, please read \if\someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes\and dance with your arms in the air, do not do this, it's a scam, they\just want to see you naked  please copy and paste this to your status,\      i wish i had received this yesterday, i feel dirty & stupid\now"
"heard  on the news that people are smoking nutmeg to get high and getting very sick, what???? the medicine cabinet is cleaned out so they're going to the spice cabinet now   caa-razy!"
goodnight may all your dreams and wishes come true!!!
goodnight peeps  smile  have a brilliant monday and if you're in my neck of the woods bundle up so's you don't freeze your keester off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mele kalikimucka is the thing to say on a bright hawaiian christmas day!
thanks again everyone for the nice wishes! love you and hope your new year is fantabulous and fantastical!!!!!
kakukaratcha wind chills of -25 tonight! now -4! get ur long undies on tonight!!! lol
when you are feeling down because everyone is against you just remember that          nationwide is on ur side
"thanks <propfirst>! had a fun game night playing loaded questions with the fam! there were some loaded answers,too! would recommend game if you haven't played it yet  good laughs!"
football schmootball somebody just win so the bickering will stop!!!! lol
"yay! my friend andrey got my christmas card today and i sent it out a couple wks before christmas!!! i'm still waiting for his! come on post office, thru rain, snow, sleet or hail, where the heck is my gol' darn mail????hahahahahahaha"
anybody want to play a game of scrabble on here?
"copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then do still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts ? ? ?     for crap's sake don't forget the hearts! ? ? ?"
"facebook has changed its news feed so that by default you can only see updates from people you have recently interacted with! to change this click \most recent\"" then \""edit options\"" and tick the box to receive updates from all friends \",ecbd98a4f3540c04e8c55be145cb4251,"<propmale> ruff\at the request of a facebook friend- we are asking everyone to say a prayer for the us \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines & their families   they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days   please re-post this   it would be nice to see it on everyone's <propfemale>!! even if it's only for an hour\",ecbd98a4f3540c04e8c55be145cb4251,dubuque hempstead cheerleaders placed 7th in the nationals!congratulations team and coaches!
is attending <propfirst>'s birthday bowling bash today!
whats wrong with kcrg channel 9 mediacom? uugghhhhhhh
i love my friends so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel terrible  i found out today a friend passed away last thurs  may she rip  i need get back to reading the paper daily  i missed the services 
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can\t live without copy and paste it to your status """
"new virus on fb using your pictures  it says you've been tagged in a picture, wants you to click on a link to see it  then hacks into your computer & all your accounts including banking & other secure accounts  it destroys your computer  once hacked into your comp; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been tagged in pics & starts the process again  please re-post urgent"
"?????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's daughters week! if you have a beautiful daughter that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ??????????????????"
<propfemale> brown is coming to town!!!  i love it!!!!
"hey all read <propfirst>'s article for dancing with the stars in this weeks  dubuque advertiser  great article and appreciate votes for <propfirst> and donations going to a very special <propfemale>, hospice of dubuque  she is dedicating her rhumba to mom! i can see mom beaming in heaven!  ;^ )"
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if it has been months (or even years) apart  they love you   for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend!\32"
