c3de8c738f882a1e99963e2a1bd9b849
parrrrttyyyyy at auntie <propfemale>'s house!!! jagermyster!!!
wooo i'm chocolate wasted!!!!! happy new year everyone!!!
"when you love someone, their life can mean more to you than your own"
there's gotta be somebody for me out there   
"cuz i need you, cuz i need you here with me, when it falls through, and i'm down here on my knees    "
with you i know that i'm good for something
"this fucking black cloud still follows me around but its time to exorcise these demons, these motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!"
"'it's so sad to say that this pain is killing me inside, but it's so sad to say that this pain is keeping me alive, twisting and turning, it rips through my heart, it's been tearing me apart'"
people always leave
"do you know what it's like to know not a single thing about yourself, and it's all your fault?"
"if you need me so much, then why did you leave?"
is completely forgotten   sad 
is completly broken
"all the times i've shared with you, were you even there at all?"
am i hollow? just an <propfemale>
"i don't want to be here alone,  so alone"
"it's easier to run, replacing this pain with something numb  its so much easier to go, than face all this pain here all alone "
i just need somebody to love
"can i still be forgiven for all of these things? or have i gone too far now, have i lost my wings?"
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return
"i swear this time it won't turn out the same, cuz now i've got myself to blame"
"not so easy to forget, harder to forgive"
"what do you do when the one that can make you stop crying, is the one that made you cry?"
"if i live tomorrow,would anybody care, stuck in this sorrow, going nowhere"
"sometimes these cuts are so much deeper than they seem  you'd rather cover up, i'd rather let them bleed"
"you're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying, your health is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help"
"fast i fade away it's almost over, hold on  slow i suffocate i'm cold and broken, alone "
"thanks to <propfirst> sparrow and kinzi <propmale> for their help last night, i love you both more than you know"
"thanks to <propfirst> sparrow and kinzi <propmale> for everything they have done for me, i love you both more than anything  laugh  xxxxx"
"lost in the darkness, hoping for a sign  instead there is only silence"
your so far down but you will survive it somehow because life starts now
"lift me up, let me go   "
"it's my birthday!! thanks for all your bday wishes everyone, i love you all  smile "
is it so hard for people to tell me the fucking truth for once?? i'm not a bad person am i??  sad 
"you're slowly dying, you're denying, your health is declining with your self esteem, you're crying out for help"
"i can’t feel my senses, i just feel the cold, all colors seem to fade away, i can’t reach my soul"
"no woman is worth your tears and the only one who is, will never make you cry "
is so freakin' freaked out right now! what to do???
applied for el camino college today and is so proud of herself!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
i've become so numb
"i wanna heal, i wanna feel like i’m close to something real, i wanna find something i’ve wanted all along, somewhere i belong"
"just washing it aside, all of the helplessness inside, pretending i don't feel misplaced, it's so much simpler than change"
"i got a heart full of pain, head full of stress, handfull of anger, held in my chest, uphill struggle, blood sweat and tears, nothing to gain, everything to fear"
"i'm in love with a girl who knows me better, fell for the woman just when i met her"
"i am the opposite of wack, opposite of weak  opposite of slack, synonym of hit, synonym of crack  closest to a beat, far from a punk  ya'll oughta stop talking, start trying to catch up mother fucker"
"baby i'm in love with you (you), and all i want is you (you), it's me and you against the world"
"you give me the hummingbird heartbeat, spread my wings and make me fly, the taste of your <propfemale> is so sweet, when you give me the hummingbird heartbeat, hummingbird heartbeat"
"\no shame in holding onto grief    so long as you leave room for other things\"""""
"you won't cry for my absence, i know - you forgot me long ago  am i that unimportant   ? am i so insignificant   ? isn't something missing? isn't someone missing me?"
"do you remember me, lost for so long  will you be on the other side, or will you forget me  i'm dying, praying, bleeding and screaming, am i too lost to be saved\am i too lost?"
"you won't cry for my absence, i know - you forgot me long ago  am i that unimportant   ? am i so insignificant   ? isn't something missing? isn't someone missing me?"
"if you give me the world then it won't mean nothing, cause if you leave my world then i won't have nothing  this is for my heart, this is for my soul  lovers may come and lovers may go  but i don't worry bout a thing cuz as long as we're together, i know, i know, i know that no one's gonna love me better "
"my heart and soul flatlines, put your mouth on mine, and bring me back to life"
"you can't take away my strength, fix these broken things, there's nothing left to fight, live free or let me die "
happy birthday and r i p  to marquise ortiz  i love you and miss you always
listening to dominik shipman's beats that he's excellent at making! current beat annoyed uck it(the dx song)  i remember making it with him  i miss you dom!!  smile 
listening to dominik shipman's beats that he's excellent at making! current beat annoyed uck it(the dx song)  i remember making it with him  i miss you dom!!  smile 
wonders why she is such a burden    sad 
"listening to lost prophets's 'rooftops' and wondering why i feel the way i do  when i was just in a good mood yesterday, what's wrong with me?  "
"getting lost in the world of music once more, my safe place always"
"here you are down on your knees again, trying to find air to breathe again, and only surrender will help you now, i love you please see and believe again"
do you know what it's like to wanna surrender?
"dead inside, no other satisfies  my blood runs dry, take my life, save me from this death inside"
way to go <propfirst> white!!!! 1st place at the end of the night! can't wait for tomorrow!!  laugh 
"<propfirst> my man   didn't make it in slope today, but i have a feeling he's gonna rock it on sunday!! torstein horgmo with the triple cork!!! making history!!!! gotta love it!  laugh  laugh  laugh "
"<propfirst> white's night tonight, let's hope he does something big! possibly a triple cork? we shall see! so excited, i can't wait!!  smile "
<propfirst> white is a beast! first four-peat ever in superpipe!! ahh i'm so pumped!!!  laugh 
"something's missing in me, i felt it deep within me, as lovers left me to bleed alone"
