b3daf9e6ca3c8640372a89d1f4e0e537
is about to go to <propfemale>'s house again  it's her birthday yay!!
would like to watch a movie  but doesn't know what to watch   troubled 
hates self-serving pricks that think the world is all about them 
in arizona    just got here yesterday  i'll be back home in a week maybe less 
uhhg <propfemale> answer your phone i need to talk to you    i miss you soooo much!!! ahhhggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's hot hot hot hot here in arizona   i might die  111?!?!?!?!?!?
ewwwwy yucky arizona summer heat blehh
<propfemale> comes home tonight  so excited!!
off to the library  
bahahaha
"\your tears don't fall they crash around me  her conscience calls the guilty to come home \"" ~tears don't fall by bullet for my <propfirst>"""
3 cups of chai 
so many people online and hardly anyone to talk to  shame 
moo  i'm a pig 
gets the feeling she is being ignored 
"needs a bowl of ice cream, a movie, and more sleep "
hungry hungry hippos
is being herself 
feels like taking a road trip  to the world's largest ball of twine 
has ten fingers and ten toes 
wants to climb a mountain 
painting 
weeeee 
mint green 
pie?
whales! omg!
the internet can be a very boring place sometimes 
omg hedgehog!!!! prickly little balls of awww!
just woke up  i love sleeping in   
watching foamy the squirrel  
nom nom nom?  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=smwi7cloz2q
"\your tears don't fall they crash around me   \"" ~tears don't fall by bullet for my <propfirst>"""
beds are comfy 
am i allergic to myself?
i want to go to the zoo  you know   see the lions tigers and bears 
oooh so many people are online!!
it's been a long day  goodnight 
why does tomorrow have to be the last day of summer?
son of a batch of cookies 
is having a very lazy day 
hello facebook  haven't seen you in a while 
uhh  rawr 
wait a second    that wasn't normal 
got a twitter  oh boy  follow me? http annoyed  www twitter com xohrachelx
why is it so cold?
hmm  i would say facebook is being very weird today 
uhhg 
day=ruined
wow  tiredness 
whoosh!
knock knock
raspberry lemonade
this is ridiculous
has very little tolerance or pity for those who ruin my day 
"since writing on toilet walls is done neither for critical acclaim nor financial rewards, it is the purest form of <propmale> "
breathe 
i have freed myself of the addiction that is farmville  free at last!!!!!
random? yesh   i would say so 
you have to do stuff that average people don't understand because those are the only good things 
music music music
listening to <propfirst> guetta
people should talk to me yes? i am in a good mood 
itchy 
it's trying to kiiiiill meeeee
ewwwy 101 3
"\it's too hard taking the world on  too hard taking the world on  \"" ~taking the world on by meese"""
my computer needs to diiieee lalalala
i just wanna liiiive   
"\what is the use of it? we're ok    it's nothing    it's all chemistry of a car crash \"" ~chemistry of a car crash by shiny toy guns"""
i feel compelled to go run  again  bahhh 
off to bed!!! goodnight world!!!
omfg 
someone please help me fix my computer before i go insane   i'm already beginning to lose it 
foamy the squirrel = awesome 
too early  back to bed 
"\i wanna be an astronaut and get high  break the barrier of sound into the sky  just want to be free from the confines of gravity \"" ~confines of gravity by playradioplay!"""
cold medicine induced sleep here i come  
and i  love  <propfemale> more than anything in the world 
i  love  the epilogues
lame sauce   
change is good  it will be for the better in the end 
enjoying some <propfirst> sinatra before bed 
this couldn't take any longer 
is an e playful losion of smiles
lame sauce! on a lame horse! (strange quote from today)
the men who stare at goats: go see it 
a hyper <propfemale> is a scary <propfemale> indeed 
i hate technology  i will reject it  all of it  and live in a cave  goodnight!
you should always learn to listen to what other people are saying and really understand what it means to them  you gain a new perspective on things and you gain a new respect for the people around you  you start to realize that yours isn't the only opinion that matters and learning how other people think and see things can change how you think and see things too 
chat isn't working??
my chat   it is on crack 
writing a song tonight has proven to be harder than e playful ected 
"my phone has been ringing so much today i think sometimes i am now hallucinating and thinking that it is yet again ringing when, in fact, it isn't anymore "
<propfirst> sinatra!  laugh 
is really missing someone 
*sigh*
i wish someone would text me 
sometimes my life is a little too interesting  
did you know that the fbi website has a kids <propfemale>??
oh dear   it's really early for me  why am i up?
it is soooooo early  i better get a nap later 
essays and projects to do  and studying that i probably won't do until next week at the last minute 
i feel pretty  oh so pretty  i feel pretty and witty and gay!!
currently telling jokes to <propfemale> via text to entertain her on her long journey home 
i want a <propfemale>  
grr 
facebook makes it really easy for someone to stalk you on the internet 
in bed  in the bath  on the kitchen table  on the sofa  in the car 
<propfemale> is going to buy me a unicorn!!
if i can just somehow make it through today    and tomorrow    and the next day    and the next    and the next   
fml
wtf  
facebook sucks  goodnight kiddos 
grr 
sigh  
errg  bad day 
"die tonight, live forever "
does facebook want to stop being mean? i think it hates me 
listening to <propfirst> sinatra and making lasagne 
omg facebook  you're being really irritating 
nothing to do today  
well  goodbye children  it seems as if no one wants to even talk to me anymore 
well  weird day to say the least  secretly really excited for tomorrow  laugh 
"some powdered muffin with your starfish, dr  arbuckle?"
omg  neopets  what's wrong with me?
spending the afternoon creeping on other people's profiles  fun 
very full tummy 
if i had a million dollars   
mmm     cheerios!
um   rawr 
"i learn more and more each day that our government is corrupt and many laws are completely contradictory to the constitution  for example: doma  in other words, the defense of marriage act  this says that if a couple is gay and married in one state, then another state doesn't have to recognize them as married  however, in the constitution it says that if you are married all the other states have to recognize you as"
would someone like to please maybe talk to me?
"first, my night wasn't so good  now it is really bad  i'm going to go to bed before it all goes up in flames "
people are retarded 
"dear facebook    why do you hate me and freeze my computer every time i try to use your chat? love, <propfemale> "
really worried   please be ok babe 
my phone hates me 
grrawr!! i a dinosaur!
so  i haven't been on facebook in a while  how are you facebook?
my phone died  awesome 
you have got to be kidding me 
it feels like you're on a cloud eating muffins and oreos with an ice cold  glass of milk!
rediscovering music  playful 
ahhhh  
sigh   i wanna do something today  but i don't know what to do  ahh 
"\watch her move and dance to the music make your move and dance with her do it  the more that you do baby thats the more you stay true   \"" ~radio aracde by kill paradise"""
get your own personality 
 laugh 
today should be good  smile  i'm excited 
ahh it's so nice out today!
<propfirst> mayer!!  laugh 
shopping today  laugh 
"people should stop talking to me if the only thing that's important to them is getting whatever they need from me  this means that i should no longer recieve texts from people asking me for other phone <propfirst>  i'm sick of this  if you don't want to actually talk to me as a friend, don't talk to me at all  <propfemale> thanks!"
headache   
tomorrow night's dinner: artichoke and mushroom lasagne! (i'm making this  laugh )
i feel as if my brain is going to e playful lode  so much cuteness!!!
so   my birthday is in 4 days 14 hours and 19 minutes  not including today  yes i am counting 
uhg  
2 days  1 hour  13 minutes  until my birthday 
   
inner peace 
2 hours  then it's birthday galore for meeeeee!
holy shit it's my birthday!!!
thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday  laugh 
cake time?!
    sigh 
nighty night children  laugh 
i wanna go back to bed   so sleepy  
knitting a scaaaarf  laugh  and watching foamy the squirrel!!
the amityville toaster makes breakfast spooky  
ahh    sad 
hungryy   
"heh   if you're\ brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate \you sad 1)crazy(2)talkative (3)sarcastic (4)loveable (5)strong (6)dumb \(7)spoiled( smile mouthy (9)goofy (10)funny (11)awesomely awesome \(12)amazing(13)beautiful (14)cute (15)drama <propfemale> (16)best-friend \(17)want to getto know you better  smile "
laying in the sun and listening to <propfirst> mayer  laugh 
asjhdfdnvbdsgruebnjc
   
"you know you're a coffee addict when you wake up at 9, fall back asleep, have a dream about making coffee, then wake up at 11 and go make coffee "
the curious case of <propmale> button  love 
sunburnt  oww  need caffeine  and hungry  
ahh  epicurious com why do you not have a recipe for snickerdoodles?!
an itty bitty bug flew in my eye this evening  playful  and now my eye hurts soooo bad   evil little bugs  grr 
made coffee cake and pumpkin bread today  laugh 
playing world of warcraft?! yes i am!! hehehe
omfg my computer is stupid  grr  i give up 
technology is the sauce of all evil 
bored 
well  this would be the third day i woke up way too early  coffee here i come!
la di da   i want a cookie 
pie  laugh  of the peach variety  yumm 
watching glee online  laugh 
excitedness  laugh 
coooookies  laugh d of the chocolate chip variety
wtf  facebook chat i hate you!
agjfshcbnvehsdfkh
license todaaaayy  laugh d
hmm  
    
"went to the library  laugh  got some new books, a <propfemale> bar, and coffeeeee!"
sleepy? yes i am  
so tired   it might be nap time  
i hate those nights that you can't fall asleep because you have something on your mind and all this causes you to toss and turn until the sun comes out at which point you decide you should watch the sunrise and do something useful with yourself because it's not every day that you are awake that early 
    i'm going for a run this is ridiculous 
cupcake  laugh 
i find annoying children that decide to wake you up quite infuriating  especially when you stayed up late reading and you definitely needed more sleep 
i really want to get another pet  maybe a new guinea pig  or a <propfemale> 
what  good is knowledge if it just floats in the air? it goes from computer to computer  it changes and grows every second of the day  but nobody actually knows anything 
so my schedule for this year is ridiculous  i'm going to have too much homework  this might be a problem 
"schedule annoyed 1- adv  pre calc 1 (adv  pre calc 2 second semester)\2- adv  al c wt\3- adv  chemistry\4- physics\5- photo 2 (first semester   psych 2nd semester)\6- creative writing (astronomy 2nd semester)\7- us hist ap"
"\in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life    it goes on \"" ~ <propfirst> frost"""
making fun little magnety things to decorate with  laugh 
grrrr facebook chat not working ashajdghsjgbfsngrusayfilsdhfsd
omfg 
warped was amazing  laugh 
it's food time  i'm starving!
coffee and pringles  breakfast of champions 
"underneath the night sky, she cries  underneath the night sky, one last time  you know where i'm going  underneath the night sky, remembering the reasons why   don't forget to hold her tight  everything can change so fast  "
definitely didn't have the best night in the world  but hopefully i will have a good day to make up for it!
i feel so ishy  
going to the eye doctor today  playful  hoping they can fix whatever happens to be wrong with my eye  huzzah 
blueberry streusel bread  smile 
making a cake for <propmale>  laugh 
does anyone else manage to get sick twice in the same month? this is getting pretty ridiculous  
"making two kinds of cupcakes  laugh d\one is a chocolate cake with chocolate fudge frosting and the other is a chocolate cake with raspberry butter cream frosting  laugh "
delicious dark chocolate cupcakes with sprinkles oh my!
yuck  i hate being sick 
team legolas  because elves are cooler than vampires 
donating blood on thursdaaaaaay  laugh 
i think that maybe certain people need to grow up a little and stay out of my business  smile  <propfemale> thanks 
donating blood today! and getting ready for it with a breakfast of cheerios with rice milk  laugh  yumm
why is everyone so obsessed with 10 10 10? it's just a date 
homework homework homework  this is what happens when you let yourself get behind  grr 
people irritate me sometimes  or maybe that's just the headache talking 
i can't wait to go home  smile 
powerpoints  they suck  just in case you were wondering 
"for my part, i know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream  ~van gogh"
wisdom teeth out tomorrow! huzzah?
bagel  smile 
haircut today  laugh 
might be getting two guinea piggies this weekend  laugh  i wish my other piggy was alive so he could have had some friends  
under appreciated 
will be donating blood on saturday  laugh 
ah! damn you facebook  i was supposed to be developing film  distractions distractions  
"if you're not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1)= crazy  (2)= i`d marry you  (3)= attractive  (4)= sarcastic  (5)= i miss you  (6)= i`d kiss you  (7)= moody  ( smile = smart  (9)= energetic  (10)= random  (11)= hot  (12)= funny  (13)= fit  (14)= amazing  (15)= tough  (16)= cute  (17)= nerd  (1 smile = i love you     if your shy send it to my inbox come on  do it!  laugh "
made black <propmale> cupcakes the other night  laugh  yay cupcakes!
and it's so cold the snow squeaks when you walk on it 
hmm   what to do   what to do  
goldfish for lunch  laugh 
cupcakes? i think yes  laugh 
oof  headache 
i'm that person that says they are so thankful for sleeping in but they can't sleep past 8 am  huzzah 
green machine  laugh d yay smoothies!
it's always good to know who your true friends are  glad i found out that one of mine isn't exactly what i would call a decent human being 
i have to pick one of my photos to put in a show  decisions decisions   
has an extremely sweet grapefruit to eat  smile 
