ab0a35b6c91aa1630ad9dab061f02a60
it was really nice having my girlfriend over for the night  it was night waking up into her eyes and her next to me   joyful  that was the best new years i ever had   playful 
<propmale> the cat is quite the interesting movie  o 0 never saw that much animated boobies and sex in my life  well excluding hentai 
holy shit    its 8:16am in the morning   jeebus way too much lost 
i just saw observe and report  i didn't find it that interesting except for a few funny parts and the fact that <propfemale> faris is in it 
why is it that we always think about the bad things in life and never the good? is it human for us to be the fuck ups of the universe? and why do we always hurt the ones we love and care for the most? just a thought  god damn i think too fucking much 
"also, we always want to end racism and prejudicism but why do we provoke it all at the same time?"
"so  its been 9 months with my lovely angel  hells yes!!!  smiles greatly  ^^ also, flyleaf's new album is amazing  about time they made it  <propfemale> mosley is such a diverse singer and she can belt too  maybe i could see them for a 4th time in the next year? live that is "
"it actually works!!! the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click(hold it down as you do the next part) then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works it does work"
why do people hate me so much? i do nothing wrong that i know of  if i do i would like to know   annoyed 
so    march 9th is when final fantasy xiii comes out  i can't wait!
well new <propfemale> was complete shit  the first one was better  now i'm gonna pray to god they don't fuck up the gears of war movie whenever it comes out 
"and if the rain stops, and everything's dry she would cry, just so i could drink the tears from her eyes she'd teach my how to fly, even cushion my fall if my engines ever stall, and i plummet from the sky but she would keep me high, and if i ever die she would commission my image on her bosom, to him or maybe she'd retire as well a match made in heaven set the fires in hell"
"it really doesn't feel like wednesday but thats fine  the closer it is to friday and monday the better  my gf gets her ps3 so maybe that means more games we can play together online? i know lbp is going to be a gaurantee   playful  but who knows what else? also, i'll get my games for my birthday   joyful "
happy thanksgiving to all of you  now lets eat a bunch of food like turkey and tofurkey   playful   joyful 
<propfemale> trek is by far the coolest movie i saw this year  thats saying a lot  and why in the hell can't we make layouts for facebook? seriously 
yay   i'm finally 22    
"do any of you have a ps3? if so, add my psn tag  its death ensemble  i also have archiekornnoto but i use death ensemble more  add them both or just death ensemble   playful "
"\it is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large <propfirst> and to the sound of trumpets \"" - voltaire"""
i'd really appreciate it if some people would learn how to keep their fucking mouths shut  god dammit  -_-
i    must     see    tron     legacy   when    it    comes    out   next   year   i   must   play   tron    evolution    when   it    comes    out    next   year    oh     my    god     boxer cream  
"okay  my fellow pwned members  if there's anyone else on your friend's list who is on pwned, please have them add me? thanks   joyful "
"suikoden, by far one of the greatest rpgs i ever played  now time to work on the second one! another great rpg!  joyful "
i really need to get a knee brace somehow asap!!!  annoyed 
"if anyone has efficient and reliable ways to remove dust from your computer besides canned air, please let me know   joyful "
"if anyone has efficient and reliable ways to remove dust from your computer besides canned air, please let me know   joyful  also   bioshock is fucking awesome  glad i finally got to play it  its creepy as fuck though  o 0 to me anyway "
oh wow   people just don't know when to stfu do they?  heads desk  oh well  i'm glad my girlfriend liked her gifts   joyful 
"i totally got cod: modern warfare 2 (ps3), the oblivion bioshock bundle(pc), this toy car (audi r smile , the <propfemale> that grew from concrete by 2pac (a book of his poems, even though there's an audio cd of the same name, an atari joystick crochet, and a digital picture frame   joyful "
i just totally beat mw2 today   playful   playful lay was right  it was short  but others were right it was actually challenging too 
so i finally saw lost  it was just one episode but it was pretty cool 
i loved sledding and snowboarding with my girlfriend  i'm so sore from it though   annoyed  but it was worth it   playful 
i really how we dream   annoyed  they're just nothing but pain   at least in my case 
i really hate how we dream   they're just nothing but pain   at least in my case   annoyed  but i did have a marvelous day with my lovely girlfriend angel today   joyful 
i just spent the last few hours looking at lost  o 0 woot 
i just spent the past few hours watching lost  o 0 not a bad show  good actually  oh    and happy new year   playful  let the new year of gaming and triumphs begin!! in about 19 hours  o 0
i want to learn mapping but i have no idea how i can go by that nor the e playful enses  if anyone has any ideas (besides stating the obvious of college or teaching myself) please let me know  i would like to make a few cs annoyed  maps 
i feel like the only one who doesn't really care about sports really  i swear i saw so many statuses that involved the nfl 
damn you mag beta! damn you!  annoyed  i want to play 
i finally got to play mag! the beta anyway  and its fucking awesome! i can't wait to play the full version! hopefully those connection issues get fixed   annoyed 
so if anyone has computers they don't want and willing to part with  or you need some that needs fixed  let me know  i wouldn't mind taking them off your hands and or fixing them  i need the e playful erience  i might or probably will charge depending 
my grandma is dying     annoyed 
my grandma just died    e e    
i just saw my grandma's dress today     annoyed            
i'm really going to fucking hate wednesday   annoyed 
"correction   i'm gonna really fucking hate tuesday   annoyed  if anyone wants to know the funeral details and possibly want to come, just ask  i'll let you know  i'll also check the funeral detail too "
"my grandma's funeral if anyone wants to know - its on tuesday  just the showing of her body is from 11-1, the sermon starts at 1 and shouldbe maybe an hour and a half at the most  it'll be at bethal ame church its at south 6th street and b "
about to go to my grandma's funeral today   annoyed 
damn you demolition!! damn you!!!! great fun but god damn it can be hard  god i love mw2!!! quickest way to level too   playful 
sometimes i feel like being a mute is the way to be   annoyed 
i miss the show battlebots   annoyed 
i want an eiganharp   annoyed 
"i sometimes wonder why in gaming, everyone always tries to make it a competition and don't play for fun anymore   annoyed  it leads to so much bullshit  making gaming unappealing sometimes i guess you could say "
i get to wake up next to her again   joyful 
it was really nice having my girlfriend over for the night  if only it could happen more often   annoyed 
awwww!! such bullshit! dang you f-1 championship edition! not letting me pit when i want to! i had that race one too! 8 laps to go and i ran out of fuel and it retired me out of a 56 lap race! screw you f-1ce! screw you!  annoyed 
have you ever had one of those days where you just don't feel like doing anything? not even having the motivation to do anything?  annoyed 
"so, bad romance was inspired by industrial  neat!!!! heck yes!  joyful  lady gaga ftw!"
i miss my grandma   annoyed 
i have a job interview at wal-mart tomorrow  i hope i get it 
"hopefully, wal-mart calls me for that second interview   "
season 5 of lost is pretty freaking amazing i must say if i do say so myself  especially episode 1 (because you left) it deals a lot with time travel   playful 
woot!! my girlfriend gets to spend the night with me again! yay! ^^
i hate how some media makes me think sometimes  in particular lost  i wish my mom and grandma didn't die   annoyed  i wish my dad actually gave a shit about me too  the only great thing about my life i feel like is the fact i have an amazing girlfriend named angel 
now finished with seasons 1-5 of lost  now for season 6 to start  rip <propfemale>   annoyed  no <propfemale> why did you have to go!!!!???  sobs 
woo!!! i have a second interview at wal-mart on wednesday at 2pm!!! there's still hope!  joyful 
"so, i have to go back for a 3rd interview  they said they'll call me at some point  sounds like to me i have the job but i won't speak so soon "
okay  so 3rd interview  then if i'm offered the position  a drug test  lets hope i get offered 
so  i pretty much have the job  just got to pass that drug test which i'm sure i will   joyful 
still waiting for wal-mart to call me about that job  
it was nice watching the superbowl with my gf  even though i didn't watch any games this season but that as usual  colts 17 saints 31  decent game though  now its time for nascar to start   playful   joyful 
so job orientation tomorrow at 9am  i hate early morning wake ups  at least it'll be worth it  but tiring 
its been one year with angel today   joyful  and i have job orientation today 
another day at work then hopefully hanging out with angel afterwards
alright! day off number one! my girlfriend gets to spend the night tonight too   joyful 
"another day of work, another day of soreness but this time  there will be more snow involved  i'm gonna like this job   joyful "
so if anyone wants my cell phone number  tell me in a comment and i'll give it to you in a pm  i got one recently  just give me yours in return in a pm too  lol 
why does light beer always test better than regular beer? and why does malt liquor taste so much better too? i don't get it  o 0
"attention: has anyone on here bought anything from newegg com? how do they ship things, and how long does it take for my order to get to my house, etc and what else do i need to know  i want to get my computer upgrades soon and i usually go tigerdirect but i have noticed what i want to get is cheaper on newegg  i'm just trying to get some ideas and stuff  thanks "
"god save the <propfemale>, she ain't no human being!"
woot! i got 20 and 3 in mw2! thats the best i've done in a long while  actually ever!
how can people be so fucking inconsiderate and immoral? it pisses me off 
ahhh the joys of retro gaming  maybe i'll actually beat resident evil 3 finally  ff13 tuesday! i miss her   annoyed  i hope she likes the thing i found her i'm gonna give her 
gangland is such a neat little show 
"sweet! less than 4 hours until i can pick up my copy of final fantasy xiii!!! and while looking up information about it, i found i can buy ff origins, ff chronicles, and chrono cross off of square enix's website! yes! i shall next paycheck  god i'm never gonna be able to get my computer upgrades how i'm going "
zomg!! final fantasy xiii!!!  boxer cream and plays it 
bahahahahahahahahahahahaha!! i finally own final fantasy xiii!! after 2 years of waiting!!! bahahahahahahahahaa!!!  boxer creams 
so yeah  at work today  a couple of nintendo employees were in the store today  i talked to them  i must say it was pretty fucking epic even though i'm not that big on nintendo anymore 
so young and so much more i need and got to learn   
"after getting this bookcase and organizing everything, i found cds i forgot i had  like lamb of god's ashes of the wake for example   playful pp now you have something to die for!!!!!  head bangs perfusively "
"the best thing about ff13 so far are its boss battles, its music is pretty amazing too though  and i've also noticed that 3 people i know are getting their hours cut at wal-mart  i really hope that doesn't happen to me   annoyed "
"valleys of neptune by jimi hendrix, some of the greatest music and album i've heard in a long ass time  rip jimi hendrix "
omg!!!!! omg omg omg omg!! the boondock saints ii: all saints day is by  far one of the greatest movies i ever seen!!! especially in blu-ray   playful 
so i just totally just built an angel deck  now if only i could play more  angel we should play more   playful  i really should buy some more magic cards and get back into it more 
god  i feel like complete shit        annoyed  i hope i feel better  i really don't want to call into work  i need that money 
i feel like complete shit  and have you ever felt like you done something extremely wrong? i sure as fuck do   annoyed 
god i really suck at puzzles  -_-
pay day this week = some of my computer upgrades   playful 
yay  finally beat resident evil 3 
i say i'll care forever and i mean forever if i have to hold up  the sky
"so to try something different, i bought some vegetarian food  italian sausage isn't bad after getting used to it  is it strange that i never had the meat counterpart of italian sausage? i'll have to try that soon "
just finished reading war stories of the green berets by <propmale> halberstadt  its an incredibly good book  now i have like 7 or 8 more books to finish  now time to finish watchmen 
yay early wake up days from not being able to sleep and stuff  at least i'm ordering for some of my comp upgrades  
mp3 player!! yes!!!!!!!!
how can ignorant can people be? seriously 
"this mp3 player isn't that bad, its actually a lot better than the other ones i've had  now if only it had more space   annoyed "
i want to make a cs annoyed  video  i already have the songs i have in mind i want to use but i don't have video capturing software to use to make it  does anyone know of any video capturing software thats free? this excludes fraps though 
holy crap    law abiding citizen was such a great fucking movie!! one of <propfirst> foxx's and <propmale> butler's best movies!
"omfg!!! my new headset kicks ass!!!!  joyful _ joyful __ joyful _ joyful _ joyful _ joyful _^__ joyful  now to wait to get my new processor, heatsink fan, and new case fan   playful  bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah fucking bahahahahahahahahahaha!! iljdjfjfkljaklfjaklfjakljfakljkljskljafkl!!!!"
who games on pc and ps3? i need more people to game with  i don't really have anyone to play games with   annoyed 
yay for having jury duty on april 19th?  annoyed 
so  i just played the pc version of modern warfare 2 and i really don't see a difference other than dedicated servers are gone  thats the only complaint  but its still really good i think still the exact same e playful erience i've had as the ps3 version  now to go to bed so i can go to work in the next 4 1 2 hours
its a bit strange how the pc version of mw2 runs so much better than my pc copy of cod4  i'm betting its because of the lack of dedicated servers for the pc version of mw2  that will hopefully change and become equal for each of them soon   playful  amd phenom ii x4 965 for your face!!!! jk  but seriously  its going to rock  when i actually buy it this week with my paycheck 
i wonder if i'll ever be a good dad when the time comes   annoyed  i don't want to fail like my dad did at it    
gaming makes me feel better   joyful  yay ff13  once i beat it i really should go back to the witcher and bioshock 
    can't think of a valid status   
"i went to my first club yesterday, the masque  i'm glad i went and it was all the better sharing that moment with my wonderful girlfriend  ^^"
my girlfriend got me into what not to wear  o 0 lol  its actually not a bad show  strange of me to say that  i wish my upgardes will get here already   annoyed 
smokin' aces 2: assassin's ball  that movie could have been a lot better  the first one was far more superior  the nazis white supremcists were still my favorite characters though  it was more of a disappointment than anything though   annoyed  now i want to watch the first one just because it was 10x better 
its quite apparent i'm developing an obsession with <propfemale> bush  her songs are amazing!
hahahahhahahahahahah my computer upgrades are in and its amazing!!!  nerdgasm
fucking hell  i can't get media sharing to work on my pc to my ps3 and 360   pissed off   annoyed  i'm doing the same thing i've been doing and its still not working  -_-
woot! figured out the problem!!! yay media sharing on my ps3 again  now for more <propfemale> bush   playful 
"we cannot banish dangers, but we can banish fears  we must not demean life by standing in awe of death  ~ <propfirst> sarnoff"
"i know the pieces fit 'cause i watched them tumble down no fault, none to blame it doesn't mean i don't <propfemale> to point the finger, blame the other, watch the <propfemale> topple over  to bring the pieces back together, rediscover communication"
doctor who was amazing tonight  i'm impressed with <propmale> smith being the new doctor  it was even more amazing watching it with my beautiful girlfriend  ^^
"some day, yeah we'll get it together and we'll get it all done some day when your head is much lighter some day, yeah we'll walk in the rays of a beautiful sun some day when the world is much brighter"
damn  these gears of war shorts are extremely comfy 
holy shit  raines is a beasty little bastard  o 0 but yet heals me at the same time  wtf? o 0
eragon is one of the greatest books i've ever read  that is all  now to watch the movie to see how much they fucked up on it 
"damn    fucking up the book is an understand  i only watched maybe 40 minutes of the fucking movie and realized they took out so much from the book  i couldn't watch it anymore  such bullshit   annoyed  hollywood, i hate you sometimes  ruining eragon and shit   annoyed "
avatar is now one of my favorite movies   joyful  it especially looks great in blu-ray   playful  it was sad and beautiful all at the same time 
happy mothers day everybody   annoyed 
mother's day is so depressing   annoyed    
blah     
ever felt so lonely before?
"when i couldn't see a future and i was afraid  when the future was\clear and it hurt to see, i just close my eyes and lose myself in\happier days "
"\how do you prove that you exist   ? maybe we don't exist   \"""""
\now! this is it! now is the time to choose! die and be free of pain or\,ab0a35b6c91aa1630ad9dab061f02a60,"it's not the result of one's life that's important  it's the day-to-day\concerns, the personal victories, and the celebration of life    and\love  it's enough if people are able to e playful erience the joy that each\day can bring "
gah  any ways to relieve stress? other than gaming?? i'm so stressed right now  e e   
so yeah guys  i got kicked out of sunshine cafe tonight  over some stupid bullshit  how great aye? i really do hope its true that that girl who kicked me out put in her 2 week notice 
the new as i lay dying and the new bone thugs n <propfemale> albums is like a boxer creaming e playful losion in my pants   playful 
does anyone have computers they need fixing? maybe i can help you out plus i want e playful erience   joyful 
rip <propfirst> <propfirst> dio  you'll be missed 
tokyo gore police isn't bad the english dubs is stupid though   <propmale> and <propfemale>'s infinite playlist was a great movie  i'm glad i got to see it  it made me think of her the whole time  miss you babe  xoxo   annoyed 
blah    annoyed 
yay for really shitty fucking days   annoyed 
you know you're a video game nerd when you can almost replicate the roadie run perfectly   while at work  o 0 god i miss gears of war so much   annoyed 
i really want to buy a new amp and get back into guitar 
anyone have computers out there that need fixin'? i need e playful erience   joyful 
omg! i finally can open my 360 again! but no live   annoyed  but my tray is still also iffy too  payday is this week though  i shall buy some live   playful  maybe a 3 month trial  or maybe a 1 monther or 2 or 3 maybe  just in case my 360 wants to be a douche again 
feels so good to play forza 2 again  forza 2 and deadmau5 ftw!!!  joyful 
omg! toy soldiers is such a kick ass game! i must buy it! thankfully i get paid tomorrow   playful  xbl and ms points tomorrow   playful 
"i want to get into cosplay but what i want to make, i have no idea how i could do it   annoyed "
"alright  now i own 3 months of xbl, all the map packs for gears 2, and the full game of toy soldiers  who wants to play? i got like 2 1 2 hours before i have to go to work   playful "
fuck you norton internet security! always causing me problems and shit!  annoyed 
blah   annoyed  dammit 
"sawyer, the <propmale> nugent of lost "
"he bends and he breaks if he gives they will take away his passion, his pain, his grace\he exhales, a thousand black flowers e playful lode into butterflies as they're away"
hueston woods was really nice today  i'm glad i got to go with angel   joyful 
holy shit! the new deftones album sounds so fucking amazing so far!  joyful 
<propfemale> eyes by deftones is one damn good album   joyful 
"it is official that christian, <propfirst>'s father, is lost's version of the g-man  its quite apparent now "
crap  my 360's going to crap out soon   annoyed  i know it  just when i got xbl finally again too 
yay the glorious sounds and music of <propfemale> bush   joyful 
"planning on buying lost season 2,4, and 5 today  already have the first  it just makes no sense as to why wal-mart doesn't <propfemale> season 3  o 0"
"i know in total own seasons 1,2,4 and 5 of lost  now to get 3 and 6 when it comes out  i also own forza motorsport 3 and frequency   playful   joyful "
"e3 starts monday   i want to watch it so bad  the sony, nintendo, and microsoft conferences  all of them  even the other game coverage conferences too   annoyed  i want to watch it   annoyed  nao!"
so  i now own all 5 seasons of lost at least until season 6 comes out on dvd as well   playful  and borderlands is so kick ass   joyful 
i finally went to <propmale>'s island  it was really fun and i actually rode some of the roller coasters too   joyful  it was great going with angel  which made it even better 
swimming today was nice  and angel taught me how to do some flips and handstands in the water   yes!
"wow   the ending to bioshock did suck  well the \bad\"" ending at least  now to get the good ending  at some later point """
sometimes i wonder what it would be like to be a mute  
"\alright guys  enough! i'm switzerland!\"""""
the final fantasy xiii boss battle theme makes me wants to kick a thousand enemies in the face with my fist! powerthirst bitches!
its my money and i need it now!
now own korn's new album and   in this moment's new album too   playful 
it felt so weird playing goldeneye again for the n64  o 0 but man it was great fun!
i hate myself sometimes   annoyed  why am i so bad with words? i hate not being able to e playful lain things and feelings   
sins of a solar empire is neat so far! at least what i played of the tutorial 
fuck you barthandelus fuck you!!!!
rockstar mayhem this weekend!! fuck yes!
hey guys! i'm gonna be a dad!  playful   joyful 
i totally found some kick ass stuff for the baby on thinkgeek com   playful 
god dammit!  annoyed 
"cool   wcg ultimate gamer is back  august 19th  i'm watching it   playful  every <propmale> i get  sweet  hopefully, it'll be better this season "
i just realized even more how dangerous richmond has gotten   annoyed  its quite haunting  
why is it that underground hip-hop is so much better than most mainstream shit? lol  <propfirst> miché ftw!
"hey  does anyone know where i could find a good reliable car for maybe $2,000 or less? i want more along $1,000 just because i haven't even got my license (just a permit) yet and it would suck if it wrecked it "
beavis and butthead is coming back on tv! yes!
god i hate life sometimes   annoyed 
i think my monitor is going out  i need to get a new one anyone damn crappy ass crt   annoyed 
7 more months to go   joyful 
                  
"i really hate this  annoyed  whats happening    \\on a happier note beer and homework and cooking  woohoo  yay happy thoughts i guess "
i really really fucking hate this  what happened? really what happened?  annoyed     
does anyone know of any good exterminators?
god dammit i want that <propfemale> classic!
yay <propfemale> piaf! and i hope i get that <propfemale>   annoyed 
april 9th is the official due date 
ever wanted to go back to a time when things were like they used to be?
wow   my automotive technology teacher from college came by today out of random  he talked to me about religion  i told him how i'm not religious  but we still talked and strangely it helped me feel better 
"rip them out, take them, burn the coals as they crush and leave nothing that resembles the soul of a man see him numb, see him crushed"
"anyone need computer work done? feel free to hit me up  i need as much e playful erience as i can get  if you want my phone number to contact me, i'll give that to you in a message "
"moral of the story, if you ask me about giving you a list of music you'll get a list of music   might take awhile but it'll be huge    o 0"
god  the last airbender was terrible  only good thing about it was the action scenes  ironman 2 was pretty good though  the first one seemed better though 
omg! bleed by meshuggah was released as dlc for rock band 2! i must play it to see how ungodly hard that song is on drums  o 0
is it me or is facebook keeps getting more and more problems as it keeps getting updated?
man this fucking blows  time to catch up on those eps of ultimate gamer i haven't watched yet since i can't sleep 
you know its really sad when it seems like you get so little sleep that it doesn't even bother you that much anymore  it sure as hell feels that way 
                                                                                    
the metal is help keeping my head clear   joyful 
"  and why is it no matter what time i go to bed, i always wake up at the same time? i don't get it  o 0"
"make my wish come true, let darkness fade to light\show me there's still hope, show me it's not over\battles we can win, our struggle lies within\love will not leave you, hate will not heal you"
why is it that ff13 is the worst game in the series but yet has the best music of the series? lol 
attention! does anyone know of ways i can teach myself game design or anyway i can just simply learn for free? i really should just teach myself it  then maybe go to college for it later down the road whenever its applicable 
"the wood, one of my favorite movies of all time  ^ _^"
okay! why is it that ff13 is the worst game in the series but yet it has one of the best endings in the ff series if not gaming history?! the same with some of the best music too!! i know contradictory but still dude!!! seriously!?!!!! now for chrono trigger or one of the earlier ff games maybe  or one of my 360 rpgs  o 0
burnout paradise!! in your face!!!
"it was really good spending the night with angel   joyful  however, the re movie series is getting shittier and shittier each movie   annoyed "
don't you hate that feeling that something isn't adding up? like something is up?
 joyful 
"i'm beginning to notice i play a lot more single player games now  o 0 and also has anyone ever wondered what would have happened if things would have played out differently? i e if there was no world wars or if the germans were an ally in both of them, etc "
why is it that gamers get shit on so much? its bullshit and pisses me off  -_-
paranormal activity 2 was so much better than the first 
dude   i want a hearse   sad  and paint it purple  bahahaha 
"these hackers are getting annoying  -_- \\and why doesn't anyone play de_dust anymore dammit? i love that map   annoyed "
so guys  i'm having a son   joyful 
hmmmmmmmm     
