655a11ed7840b6b5bae43c74ca53c82c
so much for the house cleaning today       did catch up on the sleep though!!!
almost forgot what facebook looked like on the computer! been using my blackberry for all my updates for months now  getting my new laptop very soon!   yippeeeeee!!!!!
stoked!  here in pittsburgh with my sister!  gonna have sore sides and cheeks from all the laughter!!!
excited for my sister! she is a grandma now!  miss you daddy     you left us 21 years ago today; but you live on in all of us!
just got back from the movies      saw inglorious basterds with <propfirst>>>>>> it was interesting to say the least     different than what i thought    <propfirst> loved it though!!!
"in hershey, <propfemale> tonight with <propfemale> my employee!  we are attending a dog grooming e playful o tomorrow!  lots of new things to sample and learn! cool!"
"gotta go to sleep now, day with <propfemale> tomorrow!   groomers beware here we come!!!!  8=xxxx"
can someone please send me  a black cat from farm town??? thanx
thanks to <propfemale> at tnt hair studio         i am blonde again!
"excited about my sister <propfemale> and like a sister <propfemale> coming for a visit this weekend, lots of laughter coming!!!!!  woooo hoooo!"
in chincoteague         <propfemale> kinda messed things up here      cannot go to asseteague to the wildlife refuge      its under water       the beach is totally gone       hope to get some neat photos tomorrow of some of the damage around town       looks like its the hot tub for me!   lol
just spent the last 3 hours answering requests!!!! i haven't been on here in about 2 weeks and those requests really pile up!  lol
sending everyone a wish for a wonderful and healthy happy new year!
getting ready to leave my sisters; going to my nephews grave; then homeward bound 
nude
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this into your status and copy and paste what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment    <propfemale> the most amazing person you will ever meet  a bit sarcastic but mosly lovable! if you don't know her too bad! those who have met her are extremely lucky! you should never push her away  go out and find yourself an <propfemale>!
"baby, there's no other superstar, you know that i'll be    your papa   paparazzi"
feeling a bit better! finally back to work due to the snow!!!!! i've had enough!!!
what a crazy dog we had today at the grooming shop      it would not stop pooping everywhere     like seriously it was walking and pooping    wagging its tail and pooping    ugh!!!!! whatever it ate       it had to be rotten!!!! lmao
very long day at work      i am so thankful for it though     february was tough with all the snow!!!!! come on spring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a beautiful day!!!!! i so don't miss the snow!!!
"drove all night with my hubby to <propfemale> n c  to deliver stuff for his business! we left at 9pm didn't get to a hotel until 9 this morning   next time i pull an all nighter it better be more fun !  ,)   got banjo last night too!!!! and i had to leave him for 2 days!!!!! boooooo!"
"happy birthday to the love of my life! <propfirst>, i love you! xoxoxoxo"
having thoughts of an angel      i know he is up there looking out for his dad 
"man, i hate wasps!"
name this tune    dreaming of my chevy and my old blue jeans:
<propfirst>'s band playing tonight at bourbon street cafe in claymont!
tomorrow is 2 years since we lost our angel <propfirst>       words cannot e playful ress the pain our family still feels      especially his mom and dad 
thinking of something special to do for our 11th wedding anniversary     may 8th      only two weeks to plan something special
name the song    we've been together since way back when   
just got the new droid phone; will spend next month learning how to answer it!
i have come to the realization that my family and closest friends are the only people i can trust!  tired of being a litter box!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propmale> changes at work!!!!!! out with the people who hurt you, and lie to you, and in with what i've always known      trust my instincts!!!!!   i already feel less stressed!!!!"
happy 4th peeps!
my house is like an oven!!!! stupid motor went on the central ac unit      ughhhhhhh! temp is reading 89 degrees inside the house        i am gonna kiss the repairman tomorrow when he's done!!!!
woooo hoooo!!!!! i'm in pittsburgh with my sister!!!!! i am on vacay!!!!!   won't be home til next monday!!!!!
relay for life today         also tomorrow  fighting to find a cure for cancer!!!!
had a great weekend at the relay for life      <propfemale> every moment peeps!!!!
thanks to everyone who joined the cause <propfirst>'s journey  smile 
sometimes a man is interested in a womans mind       but mostly he interested in what she doesn't mind!
sometimes a man is interested in a womans mind         but mostly he is interested in what she doesn't mind!
had a great time in pittsburgh with my sister! time went too fast though  wish we lived closer!
raised $50 in 3 days for cancer research! thanks to <propfemale>'s paws n claws clients 
feeling exhausted after working all week!!!! i wish i was still on vacation!
happy labor day weekend peeps!
almost died tonight!!!!! no seriously folks  <propfemale> and i just stopped for a red light and 2 seconds later      lightening struck two telephone poles street lights @ a car length away!!!!!  it was like raining orange fire sparks and glass!!!!!  thank god we were at the red light!!  i almost peed myself!!!!!
so glad this week is almost done  had a black cloud over my head all week  lol
"ok     so remember when i said i was glad the week was over     obviously sunday had a mind of its own      lost my keys      and i don't mean in the house kind of lost     they weren't important though     just my house key    business key    safe key     and mom's motorized scooter key    no big deal right????  lol \26 days to disney vacation!!!!! i need a little magic   wink "
i always have it on my kitchen table!
"i am watching dr  <propmale>      i am so saddened by the story today  it is about teens who have taken their own lives due to bullying over their sexual preference   i don't understand how people cannot just love people for who they are      white, black, gay, straight, fat or thin       the list goes on     "
had a great weekend with my family    
prayers for my grandbaby <propfemale>      she is in the hospital with a uti   she is so scared of the nurses and doctors  sad  hopefully coming home tomorrow
"thanks everyone! she is feeling a bit better, acting more like herself\doctor wont let hercome home until she drinks somewhat   she wont drink anything;"
"her fever is down and she is getting restless eating a bit too  she is stubborn,  wont take a sip of anything "
<propfemale> coming home later today; drinking a little so that is good! thanks everyone!
the countdown to disney is on!!!!! we leave friday!!!! can't wait to have a blast with my sister!!
got home from florida last night       had a blast with my sister!!!! missing the mouse already!!! i think i will not recover physically for a month after all that walking!!!! ohhhh my back!!! lol
"modeling agency stopped <propfemale> yesterday, and told her <propfemale> has the look they need for magazine and product advertising     they loved her eyes and smile     took her info    "
leaving soon to visit a friend i haven't seen in 17 years!!!! we will be up all night catching up!!!
been a week since last update     life is busy    had a great visit with my friend <propfemale> last weekend     can't wait to do it again     could really get used to that hot tub of hers!!!
vegging on my bed        ahhhhhh feels good
"thinks it's very interesting how people love to talk about you, but don't bother to talk to you   how do they know what they are talking about?  oh, they don't!"
"it's been proven that  memory sensors are located in your butt  if you don't believe me, get up to do something, forget what it was, then sit back down  see?"
"everyone\of us has 1000 wishes    cancer sufferers just one - to get well  i \know that 97% won't copy this and post it as their status, but i also \know, that my friends belong to the 3% who will    at least for one \hour    in mem   ory of all   who died of cancer, who is fighting cancer\           or who beat cancer "
"one day i'm gonna make a website combining youtube, facebook, and twitter and it will become youtwitface  heehee"
"fight against child abuse!! change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same "
had a great day yesterday decorating the tree!  the holiday season is looking bright!
i want to buy a microwave bed    8 hours sleep in 30 minutes would make life so much easier!
waiting for my sister to get here from pittsburgh     family wedding tomorrow night     woo hoo      will be feeling no pain
thank you to all my fb friends and family for their birthday wishes!!!!
how many christmas songs can we name? no duplicate songs and only 1 song per person  let's go  i'll be first!           hark the herald!!
"may everyone have a blessed holiday, spend time with those you love        or if you are apart keep them in your heart      love is the greatest gift of all"
have you ever said things at the wrong moment? well it may take a long time to remove the foot from my mouth  sorry to those involved in my drama tonight  sad 
"learning to limit who i trust, unfortunately it comes down to only countable on 1 hand  sad "
learning to be okay with who i am
"life was a lot easier when the only pain was from falling down, the biggest gossip was who jumped the farthest off the swing set, and the only guy was daddy"
if i only had one more bird!!!! (angry birds obsessed )
danced with my grandbaby <propfemale> to <propfirst> beiber          now that is love! lol
prayers for my husband <propfirst>    
"thanks to everyone's prayers and thoughts, <propfirst> is home and on the mend  smile "
