019061e0c53c55f9242522fec827a87c
e playful loration of relationship dynamics as is blossoms and then wilts: (excerpt from a movie recently watched    see below)
"\the physics of the quest\""\",019061e0c53c55f9242522fec827a87c,"\man in the sky forbid!!!\"""""
"<propfemale> goldstine  mama loves you baby girl!!! so glad you called me today  next time i see ya, i'm gunna tackle ya to the ground    and smother ya with hugs    teehee!"
"\one loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives \"" - euripides"""
"there?s nothing wrong with unusual, so what if i trip upstairs, fall over nothing and i even choke on air!! unusual is exceptional    and i love that about me!"
"brain is booting up    this process will take time as the coffee must enter the bloodstream and slap the brain into consciousness  please refrain from e playful ecting witty come-backs until boot-up  thank you, brain "
i had a dream about my new phone     the htc inspire  dreamed that i got it (won't get it til the 28th) and was so excited i was stupefied while opening it and taking off the covering on the screen (it was a temp covering) and turning it on and showing it off to everyone in the house    got my sims medieval    next my phone & then finally my new laptop    so excited!!!
"woooohoooo!!!! just got my htc inspire   sooooo excited & got to keep my number too! thrilled! --- next i will be ordering my <propfemale>  playful s 17\ 3d laptop  awesome weekend!!!"""
"ordered my <propfemale>  playful s core i7 processor, with hi-def 17\ screen laptop    estimated delivery date: april 15th    hoping it will get here next week sometime  that would be awesome!"""
definition of <propfemale> from dictionary com - female given name  - http annoyed  dictionary reference com browse <propfemale>
"definition of grace from dictionary com - beauty of form, manner, etc   - http annoyed  dictionary reference com browse grace"
i had lunch with your mom in my car because i'm not crazy!
"attention: (those who are not family) i will be cleaning up my friends list and removing those with whom i never rarely communicate with    so as of april 1st if you would like to remain on my friends list, please communicate with me on a regular basis  my facebook was originally meant for family and friends i have known for years  thank you (this message will be re-posted daily until april 1st)"
"\i think she doth protest too much   \"""""
