96fee39d08ebf3e05aac1a7d47186fe2
<propfemale> 
loves the transporter and <propfemale>
still loves her 
the next month is gonna suck more than you can possibly imagine 
"take however much fun you have had this year, multiply it times a million and then you got half as much fun as what i had the last wo days  happy face "
to everyone  please do not try to talk to me if i havent been talking to you  its really getting old 
i need to focus on the important things right now  she is my past  my future is my first priority 
all the colors in my life are dull    waiting for someone to brighten things up again 
happy now  really happy  smiley face 
nothing to say but so much to think about  last words      a first kiss    a disappointed crowd  but not so lost now  knows how this works  here goes round 2!
she just smashed into my soft spot   
hey baby come over here to myspace so you can twitter my yahoo and i can google all over your facebook   smile 
pics will be deleted  just there for temporary showing 
read <propmale> teague's about me section right now  it makes tooo much sense man 
wish she didnt have to go   
crackin up at the dinner table just like old times  ahhhh     we have fun 
"<propmale> just say, that was a hell of a day "
how can only one person understand me? just one   
jealous?????? hahahahahahahaha!!!!! thats just soooo funny 
"if you love something, let it go  if it comes back to you, its yours forever  if it dosent, then it was never meant to be "
and that is exactly why i dont trust black people 
there will be periods of time when i feel like this    no matter what i do 
72 hour textathon lol
(((attention to all))) do not text or call my cell phone  got rid of it  call my house to contact me 
yall playin tug of war with me and you dont even know it! lol
i know what i want but how do i get it?!?!
"i feel like a bulldozer, trying to catch a butterfly "
we r in a racists colony  dont like what just happened  not at all 
headed home  had a way bomb friday  smile  f those moorseville shiesters  wanna see her 
so my cousin and her nephew are moving in  plus a nintendo wii! yusss!
i love how life keeps moving me forward  progressionism 
and now im gonna be thinkin about her all night  sigh  fun 
once again you leave me hurling over the side of my bed  needles in my ears  blender in my stomach  only you 
i refuse to go to that girls house!!!
mt  wit <propmale> 
so i guess theyre jacking ppl at mt now    man    
uuuugh     i feel like crap    uuuuugh    
just saw a random naked baby
shananigans  smile 
i think theyre all asleep now  lol my turn   
walkin down the street   
im blue if i was green i would die a bahbadee bahbada a bahbadeebabadahh   
not even close to tired  but gonna try to sleep  restless fools
got woke up by the black bam margera  a-hole 
hole-e shit  we just almost hit a freakin deer in the middle of jacobs freakin neighborhood  hooooly jizz 
thats a good question to ask myself  is she the one?
my back is gonna be soooooooooo sore in the morning!
bitter 
"wake up in the mornin feelin like <propfirst> mo diddy, got my board im out the door im finna hit this city  smile "
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\who fat? man you the one who was bout <propfemale> grab that cookie off the chair til i said \""man you dont want that\"" lol\"""""
misty=2 5 <michelle =10 
symphonie no  2-jean sibelius  laugh dd
ohhhh lmao i get it  the hard times of rj burger lol
i just cant stay friends with this girl for five minutes   
two months  and here comes the bump 
    and here i am just thinkin about clouds 
boredom 
blackhawks killed it!!!!! but dang everybody there is like boooooo!!!!!!!! lol
everybody check out bloom skate video promo! video coming soon!!!!!
"just gonna sit down, take deep breaths, and count to 10 thousand "
 sad 
the a team was good  now early morning skate sesh!!!!!!!!!
 smile 
i rly hate it when ppl move in   
toy story 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol  laugh 
"life is tricky  if you look at things negatively and dwell on what seems to be bad, your life will suck  but if you look at things with a simple, positive mind you will feel great  happiness can be a choice  and right now im gonna choose to be happy "
"nobody <propfemale> <propfemale>lk to, skate wit, chill wit    dang guess ima go skate "
dj hero!  laugh ddddd
it is really orange outside lol  smile 
i have been completely conquered by boredom  completely 
haha thanx but no thanx  i dont need anymore females in my life right now   
reeaally dont wanna do you like this but i might have to     and yes i am speaking in code  zzz
man i miss philharmonic orchestra   
that chubby dude from fall out boy can sing!!!
i feel like im wastin my time right now 
"i finally got myself together  im over the past and i know exactly what im gonna do with my life  me one, you zero "
"you need that hurt  just one good time is all it takes  because ppl who feel that pain are smarter, stronger and more prepared  it changed me   "
brahms symphony nr 1  and goodnight 
<propmale> retarded 
"this girl once told me im ignorant when it comes to females  dang, she was right   "
please no one mention a relationship around me for about a year  my brain needs to cool off  thank you 
ahhh  just thinking about being on my board is great  gonna miss it  lol
i really hate babies  goodnight 
long annoying bus ride to illinois  goodbye indy
wrappin up day one  good day  lol
"omg  my phone, internet and cable are all off! boa was tiiiiiiiigggggghhhhtttt!!!!!!!! pics n whatnot later  text u on wedsneday!"
sad   
<propmale> lesner!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
eatin go-gurt watching disturbia   laugh 
"when a boy wants a girl and a girl wants a boy you have a nice little      thing    but when a boy wants a girl and a girl wants that boy and another girl wants that boy and another girl wants that boy, there you a catastrophy    poor boy   "
dang  soccer practice totally slipped my mind!  indecision 
not only do i hear music  i see the sound  i feel the sound  i taste it  it runs through my veins 
such a beautiful day  <propfirst> wants to skate 
just got the scariest text of my life! and it was only three words   
wow  nobody is up  theres actually no one left lol
and that feeling just set set in  i miss you   
"ok but only because she asked    like this status and ill tell u what i like, dislike     oh you know the drill just like it if you care to know "
laying awake in my bed histerically laughing just because!!!!
i love that there are so many forms of crazy -rob dyrdek
noticed by mutemath   smile 
cause we bang bang bang bang bang on fools  and we'll bang bang bang bang on you -drama lmfao
cab flips!!!??? really??? im falling behind   
bored   
long bike ride with <propfirst> and company  smile  feeling great  time for food!
everybodys coming back to indy tomorrow  laugh 
"dont know why im in such a good mood today, but hey im not complaining!  smile "
feelin good right now  about to lay down and meditate  txt me if u like 
talkin to <propfemale> stephens right now  mmmhmmm yeah 
it sucks having multiple ppl tell you the same thing over and over again and you know theyre right but you still dont want to listen 
"\it also sucks when theres a glass of juice on the table that youre drinking and someone keeps offering you a fresh one and the fresh one probably tastes alot better but you just gotta finish the one ur already drinking beacause you hate putting things to waste!\"""""
dude this is seriously makin me want to shoot myselllffff!!!!!!!!!!
im going to go skate   
silent phone  quiet facebook  hello peace   ?
come on its only been two days and look what i have to deal with    i refuse to chose 
having somethin of a sad night 
somebody asked me why i keep skateboarding so close to me today    i had a hard time e playful laining  it is unique to me  unlike anything else  it wont betray me or judge me  and its there when i need it  something like the bond a musician has with his instrument is like my board and i  thats why i keep skating so close   
what a complete mess   
that was the most random thing    ever  wow    wow     
"i may be a complete jack*ss for this, but i cant wait to see her "
i just realized    i love techno and house music!!!!!!!
talkin to <propfemale>    funny night   smile 
damn    too short a life    r i p  <propmale>
"glowsticks  new board  fall  headphones  her  \strawberry jello  monster  california  dancing  bloaw   smile "
inception is gooood  go see it if u haven't!!!
"so this is how i deal with things  if tou have something to say, say it and you can get blocked too!  smile "
half my face is numb and the left side of my neck hurts severely  hope this doesn't get worse   
headed to the doctor  blah 
summer  bad  time  for   relationships 
they say that the first love is the sweetest but the first cut is the deepest 
early morning skate sesh?
needs a practical way to overcome boredom 
thinkin about makin an attempt to gather ppl for my birthday  but if nobody comes screw it ima sleep all day   
alone  complete  precise  sharp  relevant  colorful  wise  light  elegant  nimble  delicate  calm  quiet  warm  intricate   enticing  ready 
in  this  life    one  thing  counts   in the bank    large  amounts 
"i've watched quite a few people become someone else, trying to be themselves "
glendale tomorrow with friends  movies   ? youre invited 
just now seeing the south park where <propfirst> <propmale> dies and comes back as <propmale>  funny! lmao
feels    good 
had a nice day with <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propmale>  folks actually surprised me and sang happy birthday lol
clocking out for the night  thank you all soooo much for all the birthday wishes!!!  smile 
moving day    bleuhh
jump! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! bounce! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! down! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo! up! pogo! pogo! pogo!  pogo! pogo! pogo! pogo!!!!!!!!!!!!
skating  hesh  college  her  music  glowsticks  skating  money  skating  europe 
"fireworks  strobes  awesome last names  <propfemale> <propfemale> gonza go  cliffdiving  <propfemale>  3 days  3,472 songs  shoes  pizza  shark attacks  juice "
"i fall in love with music every single day of my life  it stands as number one above all  take my music, take my soul "
"so after school and on the weekends all my friends go out out and get high, whilst i go home and play my violin  tsk   "
i do not understand females   
music  air  <propfemale>  heartbreak  payaback  responsibility  is  wood  sun  a  sleep  btch  time  us  dark  logic  color  strings  trouble  thats  life 
samurai <propfirst>  smile 
money can buy you happiness  and dont ever let anyone tell you differently 
laquishas bday party  smile  two thumbs up
but            ross            
fall break blows 
bloomington  smile 
off to bloomington  smile 
melancholy 
"no one but yourself knows whether you are cowardly and cruel, or loyal and devout, others do not see you, they surmise you by uncertain conjectures, they perceive not so much your nature as your <propmale> "
buyit useit breakit fixit trashit changeit meltupgradeit chargeit pawnit zoomit pressit snapit workit quickeraseit writeit cutit pasteit saveit loadit checkit quickrewrite it plugit playit burn it ripit dragit dropit zipunzipit lockit feelit surfit scrollit poseit clickit twitchupdateit nameit readit tuneit printit scanit sendit faxrenameit touchit bringit payit watchit turnit leaveit stopformatit 
driving  daft punk  pizza  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>  hats  college  music  shearling  night  snow  happiness 
"\may the lord have mercy and bless even the most malicious of souls \"""""
> sad 
"gamma pulse, whoa is me  plus!!!! best live show everrr!!!!!!!! (im deaf)"
on my way to isu to audition!
also got accepted into the university of indianapolis  smile 
hinkle fieldhouse! packed and loud  go butler!!!!!!
