53a683e6a1a0bab7aab0f91cd3418124
i have now seen every episode of south park!
boondock saints ii is only playing on the east coast?!?!    looks like its time for a road trip!
windows 7 impresses me so far!  windows maybe gotten it right this time!  here's hoping 
i said what what in the butt!
no more black <propfirst> tacos!
"down with <propfirst> flay, you must have a soul to cook silly <propfemale>!"
<propfirst> shatner is a jew!?!?    nooooo   khann!
"if love is what lead anakin to the dark side, does that mean all jedi are virgins?  or maybe  they could be lecherous douche-bags?"
"thank you all for giving me wonderful birthday, and all the birthday wishes   laugh "
"hey, you listen to me when i'm talking to you!   don't make me turn this car around!"
catholic churches in europe are getting electronic holy water dispensers to combat the h1n1 flu  wtf!
i think im bike curious 
"gentlemen, behold!"
"my car is gonna cost me $437 to fix a belt near the alternator, which would be a $20 fix if i didn't have a foreign car, fml    on a good note, <propfemale> trek online will be out 2 2 10!"
"press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter, then right click and press up, down then use your mouse to scroll down its awesome, thank you mlia"
i support anyone who will have to deal with the zealous black-friday shoppers tomorrow! good luck!
escaping to earth 616 
"beware zombie hookers, they <propfemale> diseases!"
i hate old people!  just die already!
is it really the thought that counts?  or do actions speak louder than words?  i am so confused!
i did the 'coke facial match' thing and the person they found was a mexican that looked nothing like me except we both have a jew nose     fml 
<propfemale> wars: the old republic will own my soul the day it is released!
why does it seem like real life isn't in 1080p?  i want high definition eyeballs!
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
"fair well monk, it was an amazing run, and i shall miss you!"
happy hanukah!
i have a functional phone charger now so it is actually possible to contact me 
"my computer monitor tv is broken, so either i find my warranty or i spend too much money getting a better set     (going without isn't an option)"
turkey gives me the sharts 
milk was a bad choice!
cookoo for cocoa puffs 
exiled from genosha 
you know how i know your gay?  you like coldplay and nickelback 
"the riddle of the sphinx: what goes on four legs in the morning, on two legs at noon, and on three legs in the evening?"
what?!?!?!
"yup, joined the band-wagon!  best wagon ever though!"
"i like music, yup "
new south park 3 17! woot!
this one is half retarded 
how old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
i want diplomatic immunity   thank you 
there is a turd in the punch-bowl 
"got an 82 estimated score on my asvab, now i wait to see where i'm placed "
haven't gone it to work yet and can't wait to get out 
falling asleep to 'a new hope'   
stargate universe!
"if i press the a button repeatedly in rl, do i win?"
everything is sugar and rainbows 
"this is the song that never ends, it just goes on and on   "
i will suck out your brains with a bendy straw
"i've been watching alot of english tv lately, so every once in a while i think in a british accent   blimey!"
"my 16 gb flash drive that i accidently dropped in the fryer at work for about a minute or so works!  perfectly   i only kept it cause the melted plastic looked cool, but some how it actually works!"
 smile 
best first session of dnd ever!
falcon punch!
pumpernickle
i feel i'm on the wrong side of complacency 
"can we officially change the meaning of lol from 'laugh out loud', to 'oh, i think thats funny'?"
you want proof that <propfemale> doesn't suck after disney bought the franchise?  its called spider-man shattered dimensions 
"remember, don't think about pink elephants "
watched ulimate avengers 1 & 2   this shows just how much of a ba thor and hulk are 
"sleep     where are you mr  sandman, i need you!"
"new spider-man in 3d in 2012, lets hope the new <propmale> can honor the previous "
ting ting!
"it's tuesday, you know what that means?"
fear the tarrasque swarm
it's funny how a simple thing like coffee can lift you spirits    smile 
in a third eye blind kinda mood! oh ya!
i like cake and it likes me
"i need a good video game recommendation, i am lost with boredom   "
"great day, up early to run, <propmale> <propfirst>'s superhumans, worked-out  playful   +   laugh    then cooked, saw e playful endables, and watched the colony "
spider-man shattered dimentions = greatest spider-man game yet
just passed a redneck bar mitzvah     i have no words    
"in the mood to <propfemale> with people, but has no energy to do anything about it "
"is in the mood to <propfemale> with people, but has no energy to do so "
omg a double rainbow!
"ahh, my knuckles!"
i hate cazadors!
"dropped my phone in the sink, so don't bother calling me   "
"yeah, my phone dried and it works fine now    smile "
"the walking dead, best----  show----  ever----"
butt scratcher?
mythbusters in 3d?  h+e+l+l  y+a
seeing the world in hd and 3d!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zttmj_pv1tw
being childish is so much fun!
you're a mindless goomba weasel! ha!
welcoming the winter solstice
i love word puns!
"studying, watching lotr and drinking coffee w  @<propfemale> keizer"
wonder how next year will compare to this one 
i jumped!  rage quit <propfirst> 
"feels like spring, live it "
"wishes his finances were as easy to solve as they were in fable iii   dig some teasure, invest in renting homes and owning business and jacking up the prices!"
"got rid of texting, if you need me, you'll have to call me "
"oatmeal cookie coffee, best invention ever!"
what is it with anime and talking cats?
"lotr in hd, nazghoul have never looked so awesome "
wants to make a halfling called <propmale> lightfoot 
5 songs overlapping in my head and they sound awesome together 
<propfemale> + metal = awesome!
i don't know about the groundhog but i am going to assume we are going to have winter for quite a while longer 
