ba0163799a8ea6fd6db06fd32e1301f3
spending saturday night with some great friends at mr  b's celebrating my 35th birthday  anyone want to join us? lol
this should be interesting  lets see how honest fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting    wonder if i have 20 brave friends who will do this 
happy 4th of july to all
i'm hoping the rain stays gone for the night  i am taking my daughters girl scout troop to the zoo for an overnight 
"mom decided not to log off of facebook, so i decided to hack her  lol  this is her daughter by the way  now start logging off mom!"
is summer vacation over yet? time for kids to go back to school!
going to a wedding today! best of wishes <propmale> and <propfirst>  we love you!
anybody have a baby gate they are no longer using? we got a new puppy and are in need of one  thanks
1st day of school! peace and quiet! 6 beautiful hours with no arguing! have a great day my children  i love you all!
getting ready to watch wwe breaking point!
"fyi: saturday, sept  19 6-8pm @ blue moose    $20 a ticket @ the door   all u can drink draft and well drinks   plus all u can eat chicken picatta, pasta, mashed potatoes, salad, rolls, appetizers and desserts   door prizes and raffles   pearl road    school fundraiser   sounds like fun, bring your friends!!!!!!!!!"
just got done watching spring fiesta 1993! oh the memories it brought back!
is taking her daughter to the mid-ohio con in <propmale> tomorrow and i have no clue what i am going to do for the day why she is at the convention 
can anyone please give me the name of an affordable pet groomer? i have a yorkie that needs a trim and petsmart wants $40 any help would be greatly appreciated  thanks!
i am so in need of a vacation!
"if you dont like the new fb here is how you can change it back to the old  look to the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it    on!"
thank you to all of the brave men and women who have served or are currently serving in the military! your bravery and sacrifice are greatly appreciated  god bless you all! happy veterans day!
"how did we meet? everyone play the game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends!!! but before you do that, write our story below!!"
"happy turkey day to all! i hope everyones day is full of family, friends and lots of good food "
just spent the last 24 hours @ rainbow babies with my 14 year old daughter who decided to put a straight pin in her mouth and ended up swallowing it! luckily every thing turned out ok  lets hope she learned her lesson!
i am looking for some new christmas cookie recipes to try if anyone has any they would like to share please e-mail me the recipe  thanks
i need info on where to mail christmas cards for the men and women in the military  we are going to have the kids make a card at the class christmas party  if anyone could give me any info on where to mail them when they are finished it would be greatly appreciated
wishing everyone a happy new year! here's to a great 2010!
what a great beginning to the new year    spent last night at home with <propfirst> and the kids   and slept until 11:45 this morning! happy 2011 everyone!
wants to thank everone for the birthday wishes! it was truly a great day!
black
kids have a snow day today! yay!
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that autism is not a disease; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for acceptance        93% won't copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"aocdcrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 57% of plepoe can do it "
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>  smile  also be thankful if you still have your mom  and much comfort to those that have lost their moms   ?
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ? daughter(s) ? in the ? world
"the creators of facebook   farmville have published a statement stating that all offers for free fuel, houses, chicken coops, etc are not coming from them  these are put out by people who want access to your friends list or account, please everybody copy and paste to your profile "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments  (warning, that site can get a little crude  look anyway  smile "
"does anybody know how if you can get the old facebook back? i hate, hate, hate this new setup!"
just got back from the hospital! had to get 6 stiches in my head! gutters were clogged and leaking so i went outside to try to clear them and a big block of ice came down on my head  happy valentines day! it was the perfect end to an awful week!
•*¨*•?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter ? (or daughters) ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸¸??
"if you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun, has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life better by being around, copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without son ? "
"todays game - middle name only! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile, then put your middle name at the end of this sentence   lynn"
11 years ago today my son was born and changed my life forever! you are such a blessing little man! i love you more than i ever knew was possible  happy birthday!
does anyone have a # for an accountant? <propfirst> and i have sold on ebay for years and are at the point we would like to make it an official business but we are not sure where to start  any help would be greatly appreciated! thank you!
"let's see who is paying attention   every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  you can't choose family but, you can choose friends"
ok i really need a new computer! i have been trying to log on to farmville for the last 1 2 hour and it is just not working! does anybody know anything about netbooks? we are thinking about getting one but would like info from someone who has one! trying to sell on ebay sucks too when you  have a computer that takes forever!!!!!!!!
loving this beautiful weather!
having my son's birthday party at lazer xtreme today! a bunch of 11 year old boys running around! glad it's not at my house  lol
just finished painting! it's amazing what a new color on the walls will do to brighten up a room! now if i can just get motivated to get the cleaning done! oh well i guess it can wait for another day!
new furniture coming today!
first day of spring break and i have a nice quiet house  summer took caitlynn to the mall and <propfirst> and <propmale> are both at friends houses  enjoying the quiet why i can!
hope everyone has a fantastic easter!
<propfirst> got his motorcycle up and running today! we'll get the plates tomorrow! can't wait to take a nice long ride!
loved having the kids home for the week! it was nice hanging out with them! but glad they are starting school again! maybe i'll actually get something done this week! lol
"here's a riddle    what do you get when you take a sick husband, throw in 4 kids, 2 dogs and 2 cats plus a house that never seems to stay clean      "
weekend started horrible! <propfirst> is in the hospital with pneumonia  spent 8 hours in the emergency room yesterday before he was moved to his room  kids are going to my mom's so i can go sit with him  thank you mom! i love you!
so happy <propfirst> is doing much better! he still has a way to go for full recovery but he is on his way!
so happy that <propfirst> came home from the hospital today! thank god he is o k !!!
"please copy and paste this if you know   someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the   head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many    there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside  the  head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness   many  won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke  as a joke, your house is a mess, you are drunk as a skunk, or your  familly is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  a true  friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question  their friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least  one    true friend "
cleaning all done for the day and it's only 12 surprise 7! yea! now what to do with the rest of my day?
i just love a good thunder storm!
"people need to understand that children  with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's  not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most  of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it  on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week,"
"before you were conceived, i wanted you  ?  before you were born, i loved you  ? before you were an hour old, i  would die for you  ? this is the miracle of life!! put this on your  status if you have children you love more than life itself ?"
"free comic book day may 1, 2010! come meet spider-man  from 10-2 @ york comics (7390 york rd) in parma  also scheduled to attend are <propmale> sumerak- wirter for <propfemale> and <propfirst> <propfemale> who has writen a # of comics  both will be available to sign books! hope to see you there!"
"it's \son week\"" ? ? if you have at least one \",ba0163799a8ea6fd6db06fd32e1301f3,"if i came with a warning label, what would \it say?"
wishing all moms a happy mothers day!
"so lucky to have such a wonderful husband! works all day, brings me chocolate makes dinner and then cleans up the kitchen!"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man\ wishing he could whisper softly in her ear  while you humiliate, offend\ and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow\ wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he\ could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a manstealing\ smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic \violence"
enjoying the day at the park with caitlynn and her friend! dropping <propfirst> and caitlynn off at grandmas tonight and enjoying the evening on the bike! lets hope the weather stays nice!
spent 6 hours at the school today helping with field day  kids were learning some line dances! i forgot just how much excercise you get by dancing! i will be singing the cupid shuffle for days!
caitlynn is taking her first weekend trip with a friend  they grow up so fast  have fun sweet girl! i love you!
<propfirst> took me to the dragon gate for dinner  so yummy! this is the last weekend at it's current location   sad  ! so many good memories!
really hating water balloons right now!
last day of school! so happy class party is over  the kids had so much fun with all the water balloons! let the summer begin!
my 14 yr old is having a really hard time right now! please keep us in your thoughts and prayers! we need all the help we can get to get through 
"anybody looking for a kitten? 8 wk old male, brown tabby! it was born without a tail and is at risk of being put down! please let me know asap  it can't stay in the home it is in long due to allergies  i would take it if i could but i already have 2 cats as well as 2 dogs!"
"just an fyi for parents looking for silly bands    york comics now carries them!! they just got a shipment in today  they  have disney ones! toy story 3, disney <propfemale>, cars & tinkerbell as well as regular bands "
took the kids to hard knock wrestling event tonight at the legion hall!  we were right at ring side and the  kids had a blast! they even got to play in the ring at the end of the show! so much fun!!!! i had wrestlers falling at my feet! lol
happy fathers day to all the dad's out there!
"so   my 11 yr old son is leaving tomorrow for 2 weeks, maybe longer!~ he is going to stay with my uncle in indiana  this will be the 1st time he has been away for longer than a weekend! although i know he will have so much fun i am going to miss him soooooooooooooo much! i guess they need to grow up sometime huh?!"
don't you hate how some people refuse to let the past go and move on with their lives and instead revel in high school style drama   i am too busy raising 4 children and being a wife and mother to worry about petty b s 
road trip!     drove to indiana to pick up a homesick <propfirst>! staying the night then coming home tomorrow!
heading home from indiana! great to get away for a night! had such a good time visiting with my uncle but looking forward to going home!
love! love! love! when <propfirst> makes dinner! hawaiian hot dogs and homemade potato chips! yum!!!
switching internet service and will not have internet until tuesday! glad the library is so close! lol! if ya need me text or call!
sitting at the park with my kids enjoying this beautiful day! life is good!
wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of july!
"brookpark home days! rides, food, fireworks! kids are having a blast!"
kids had so much fun at the carnival and the fireworks were fantastic as usual!
strained a muscle in my back! doctor prescribed muscle relaxers! now if i could just get some rest maybe it would get better!
time for smore's! yummy!
"only\ an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister,and \love like a friend ? ? if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & \nephews, post this as your status!"
i can't believe it's been 10 years since my daughter was born  happy birthday pretty girl  i love you so very much 
"girls are with their mom! <propfirst> and caitlynn are going to spend some time with their cousins! i will have a nice quiet house for a few days! i will miss my kids but am looking forward to some much needed peace and quiet! no fighting,crying,complaining! ahhhhhhh! thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale> for taking my children!"
if anyone is looking for childcare for the 2010-2011 school year and live in the <propfemale> rd school parma heights area send me a message or give me a call!
road trip!!!
"busy day! grocery shopping this morning, hair cuts for the girls, then to southpark to do some shopping! i'm gonna need lots of caffeine today to keep up with my girls!"
last night of karaoke bowling @ buckeye lanes!  sad  oh well there is always next summer! (maybe)  it was nice to have 1 night a week out! also spending time with my mom and sister was awesome!
wwe summer slam tonight! it's amazing how excited my kids are to see it!
"love my parents! they are taking my kids camping this week, so i will have a few days of quiet! what to do?"
"to\ all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles, \salon cuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights \for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a\ thing  moms who don't care about whatever they gave up, instead love \what they get in return  repost this if you're a mom and love your \kids!!!"
"i've\ carried a child within my body  i have comforted a baby upon my chest  \my body is not magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i am \happy because i see a mother, and there is no greater honor  make this \your status if you are proud to be a mother"
caitlynn's room is painted and rearranged! i swear everytime she cleans her room she wants to move things around! wonder where she gets that from?
<propfemale> rd parents    anyone have any info on the new 5th grade teacher? caitlynn has her this year!
going up to mr  b's tonight for a few drinks with friends
caitlynn is excited to meet her new teacher tonight @ open house! looking forward to school starting tomorrow!
open house went well! i signed up to help with just about everything! i just can't say no! lol!
kids had a good first day! caitlynn's bottom wire broke during lunch so we are making a trip to the orthodontist tomorrow morning before school so it can be fixed! <propfirst> gets to ride his bike to school tomorrow for the first time on his own! kids grow up so fast!
"looking for a place to go tonight! music, drinks, dancing, any suggestions?"
had a great time last night with some awesome friends! thanks for hanging out guys! we need to do it again soon!
saw avatar for the first time tonight! amazing movie! wish i would have seen it in 3d!
"children\ with special needs don't have an illness, so there's no cure, and it's \not contagious  they want what we all want, to be loved and accepted  \most of you probably won't copy and paste this  could you please put it \on your status for at least 1 hour? it's special education week  thanks!"
spent the morning making cookies! lots of cookies!!!
"i'm not a mind reader! if you want something tell me, but don't get mad at me because you didn't and it didn't get done!!"
excited to be starting a new job tomorrow!
"9  years ago today i was lucky enough to marry my best friend! he has been my rock, a constant source of support! the most amazing man i have ever known! i love you sweetie always and for eternity!"
just found out my niece is getting married! congratulations <propfemale> and <propmale>! wishing you a long happy life together! you deserve all the happiness in the world!
heading up to mr  b's tonight for a few drinks with some great friends!
"so tired! working extra hours because i had to fire the only other person who worked, so i get to cover the hours until we can hire someone else  to go from stay at home mom for 9 years to working full time at a job i thought was part time temporary! what did i get myself into! lol!"
sitting at work bored out of my mind!
"having one of those days where you want to crawl back into bed, pull the covers up over your head and stay there until tomorrow!"
"had a great time at mr  b's last night! so glad i decided to go out!! great friends, good music, and alcohol! lol!!! thanks guys for a great night!"
hopefully after interviews today i will have someone else to work at the shop and can go back to part time! working 42 hours a week just doesn't work for me! lol! i actually miss being home with my kids!
"it's\ police appreciation week  police officers work the streets day and \night to keep us safe  in 2010, there have been 124 police officers \killed in the line of duty  that number is up 29% from 2009  please \repost if you are a police officer, love a police officer, or appreciate\ a police officer  be safe out there "
if anyone has an infant car seat they are looking to get rid of please let me know! thanks!
"a\ son will hold your hand for a little while, but he will hold your heart\ for a lifetime  it's \son's week\"" - if you have a son that holds the \",ba0163799a8ea6fd6db06fd32e1301f3,saw my neurologist today! he said i look to be doing very well! said he can't see anything wrong but did give me info on a different medication becasue we want to keep it that way!
"i may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyone's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past   but i am proud of who i    am today!!!! take me    as i    am or watch me as i walkaway  post if you're proud of being you"
so frustrated!
things do look better in the morning!
"loved\ you the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved you the minute you were \born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a \minute old but i knew i would die for you & to this day i still \would  when you choose to have children you make a conscious decision, \to allow your heart to walk around outside your body  put this on your \status, if you have children you love more than life !!!!!!!"
caitlynn is selling bags of caramel corn $2 or a variety of niagara chocolate bars $1 for a class trip to mohican  if you are interested please let me know! thanks!
boy do i feel old!  i took the kids shopping for halloween costumes today and they had a whole section for the 80's! from banana clips and leg warmers to stonewashed pants & footless leggings! big bright neon earrings to big hair bows! i was having flashbacks the whole time! lol
"god\ saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms \around you and he whispered come to me  with tearful eyes i watched you,\ and saw you pass away  although i loved you dearly, i couldn't make you\ stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god \broke my heart to prove to me, he only takes the best  put this on \your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day "
5 smile 0 on a sunday morning and i am wide awake! i have a feeling this is not going to be a very good day!
making cookies for halloween party tomorrow! nothing like waiting until the last minute! lol
"if\ you have a wonderful man who helps balance your whole world    who \isn't perfect, but is perfect for you    who works hard and would do \anything for you    that makes you laugh    who is your best friend    \who you want to grow old with    and who you are thankful for \      everyday   then post this as your status!"
"looking forward to hanging out with some old friends tonight! haven't seen most of them in many many years! you gotta love facebook! but first i need to get through the class halloween parties!! should be lots of fun! food, games, crafts and a bunch of 11 yr olds hyped up on sugar! lol"
my profile pic was drawn by my 10 yr old daughter! she does not get her talent from me! happy halloween everyone!
naptime!!!
kids are done with trick r treat! now to get myself ready for a party at the clubhouse! love this time of year!
had a great but exhausting weekend! wish i could sleep for the next 2 days!
"very sad about the levy not passing but i have to say i wasn't surprised! when i told my 10 yr old daughter that the levy failed her response was \can i go to an online school then\""? that is an option i may eventually have to consider! a quality education is something i want for all my children! as parents i think we all do! why can we not pull together as a community for the sake of the children?"""
heading to <propmale> this weekend to drop <propfemale> off at mid ohio con! then chillin with caitlynn all day saturday and will be coming home sunday! any ideas on what to do with caitlynn while we're there?    
"really annoyed with people who have no clue! everything i do every single day with no recognition and no appreciation! not because i feel guilty, not because i want to but because it is the right thing to do! grrrr! i guess i'm just frustrated right now! people who have no clue need to keep their mouths shut!"
hoping to leave work early today! not feeling well and want to go home change into something comfy and curl up on the couch with a blanket for the rest of the night!
i have the best kids in the world!!!
"my friend is in desperate need of a <propmale> home for a pure bred boxer   he was \severely abused and is covered in scars   he was also starved   he \cannot be in a home with another dog as he has been attacked by dogs his\ whole 4 years of life   i need him to be loved  her rescue will cover \everything just to save this baby's life  please contact <propfemale> @ alldogsheaven org"
"sore throat, headache, bodyaches means early bed for me! can't afford to be sick!"
congratulations <propfemale> chuk -liptay & <propfirst> liptay on the birth of your beautiful baby girl! love you guys!
have to work until 4 today then i am off to akron hospital to see one of my best friends and her beautiful new baby girl! can't wait to meet you <propfemale> <propfemale>!
"a\ veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check\ payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and \including, their life   this is beyond honor, and there are way too many\ people in this country who no longer remember that fact   copy and \paste this as your status if you are a veteran, know a veteran, love a \veteran, or support the troops "
only have to work 3 hours today! looking forward to a nice relaxing weekend!
so my mom stopped by to borrow my leaf blower and ended up taking my kids with her for an over night! all day and night with no kids    whatever am i going to do?
"enjoying a nice relaxing day! watching football with <propfirst> and justin,<propfirst>s making stuffed shells for dinner with garlic bread and salad! yummy can't wait!"
just finished waching knucklehead! it was such a great family movie!
so i am sitting at my computer iming my daughter who is in her bedroom which is only about 30 feet away! you gotta love computers! lol
such a good day! spent it with one of my best friends and her precious little baby girl <propfemale> <propfemale>!
happy turkey day to all! i am so thankful for my amazing family and my awesome friends who are there anytime they are needed! i love you guys!
nothing better than sitting in the emergency room on thanksgiving day!
"watching beauty and the beast with <propfirst> and the kids, then heading to my sisters for dinner "
took a walk down memory <propfirst> today! i was cleaning and found a box of old pictures and yearbooks! so many memories they made me smile!
"making peppermint, chocolate chip pancakes  for breakfast! yummy!"
christmas tree is up and decorated! now for the rest of the house! time to go through my cookie recipes! i love this time of year!
no work today! going to visit my grandma & my dad in the hospital today! then home to finish decorating my house and make some cookies for the <propfemale> shop at the kids school on friday because i just can't seem to say no! lol! why does it seem i am always busier on the days i don't work? i so need a vacation!
well didn't get cookies made today! or the rest of the house decorated! luckily i'm only working a little bit tomorrow! cookies and decorations are on the agenda!
"busy day today! hopefully getting the rest of the christmas lights up! working a few hours out in chesterland, need to bake some \fun\"" cookies for the <propfemale> shop tomorrow and make some more bracelets to sell! fun fun fun! i love christmas time!  smile """
caitlynn's mohican trip paid! now to concentrate on christmas shopping! only 24 days left! caitlynn reminded me this morning! lol
cookies made for tomorrow! now to decorate them! it's gonna be a long night!
jello shot!
tastefully simple party at my sisters tonight! then will probably go to mr  b's for a bit after to <propfemale> out with some great friends!
i hate being public enemy # 1 with my kids but as a parent it is my job to make sure they follow the rules and do what they are supposed to do and take things away if they don't! sorry if that upsets you but that is my job as a parent! it's not always fun fun fun!  sad 
"change\ your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood! the goal? to \notsee a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  *join the fight \against child abuse* copy & paste to your status & invite your \friends to do the same! but don't copy the same pic "
i love lazy sundays!
loves watching the snow fall! i just hate driving in it! come on people most of you have probably lived in the <propmale> area most of your life! you should be used to driving in crappy weather! why is it that the first sign of snow people for get how to drive? it's gonna be a long winter!
getting ready to watch a christmas story for the first of many times this christmas
not looking forward to driving out to chesterland in all this snow!
"loves to see the beautiful snow fall but feels that it should be limited to grass, trees, rooftops, \mountains and anywhere else that you don't have to walk, drive, or \shovel!"
"busy day today! christmas shopping this morning, dropping <propfirst> at work (we so need another car) going to visit my grandma & dad in the hospital! grocery store to buy all my supplies for christmas cookies! (making 12 different kinds this year) i want just one day off that i don't have anything to do! *sigh* lets just hope the snow stays away today!"
having extra kids over tonight! always a fun time!
caitlynn is all packed for mohican! lets just hope they are able to go!
no mohican today for the 5th graders at <propfemale> rd!  sad  they will be rescheduling  message said to check back later today!
first time ever my daughter is disappointed they have a snow day!
"update on mohican for all you <propfemale> rd  parents   trip has been rescheduled for <propfirst> 10, 2011!"
not sure why they had a snow day but am enjoying having the kids home on jaes day off! quality family time!
finally done making the cookies for tomorrows party!
had a great time at the 6th grade party today! i can't believe how quick these years have gone! seems like just yesterday i was taking him to his first day of kindergarten! note to parents with young children    enjoy this time because it goes by super quick!
watching white christmas for the very first time!
still need to get around to making those christmas cookies! wish i wasn't working today!
sitting at work with no heat! not a great day to have brought the kids with me! have i mentioned how much i dislike my job!
will be finished christmas shopping tonight! can't wait to be done! why is it the holiday season brings out the worst in some people!
shopping is done! cookies are baked! presents are wrapped! i think this is the first year i won't have to wrap everything christmas <propfemale>!
wishing everyone a very <propfemale> christmas!
took caitlynn to the orthodontist for a loose bracket and she ended up having 4 loose teeth pulled!  sad 
"2011 is nearly here, but what year would you love to turn back to? what year would you love to have all over again? let's see what everyone thinks, answer below"
wishing everyone a happy new year! looking forward to an awesome 2011 and hoping the same for all of you!
looking forward to a nice quiet new years <propfemale>! (or at least as quiet as it can be with 4 kids in the house) 
"smile until it hurts, laugh until you cry, love like you never have been broken, pray with faith, live in the moment, remember the good times, let go of the bad! remember the past is behind you, look forward to the future but remember to live in the present! you can't change the past or predict the future, the only thing you can control is right now! make the most of it!"
looking for info on fund raising for <propfemale>  she has a <propmale> to go to japan this june however the trip costs a lot of money! any ideas would be greatly appreciated! thanks!
i want to thank everyone for all the birthday wishes  i feel very blessed!
looking forward to friday!
after 10 years of working at york comics jaes boss decided to turn the business over to his family to run  he showed up for work today and his boss was waiting for him  he said he was retiring from his primary job in may and wanted to take the business in a different direction while keeping it in the family!
just repacked caitlynn for mohican! everything fit into one big duffel bag  all i can say is it better not snow!
caitlynn left for mohican this morning  3 days 2 nights! she was so excited!
"is wondering if you could pick one word to describe me, what would it be? answers below please!"
got ready to go put and snowblow my driveway only to find my neighbor had already done it!
driving by the school i saw the bus pull in! kids are home from mohican safe and sound!
"if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one mom! i love you    my wonderful mom! ? ? my hero my friend"
"caitlynn came home from mohican with a fever of 100 1, woke up this morning and it was 101 5 with a soar throat and cough!  sad "
so grateful for all the wonderful customer friends that <propfirst> has made over the years at york comics! everyone has been so supportive even starting a facebook <propfemale> entitled boycott york comics! it's nice to hear just how many lives he touched just by being the wonderful man that he is!
caitlynn is running a fever of 102 4! looks like we're making a trip to the doctor tomorrow   sad 
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, the knife did it not o j , and spoons made oprah fat! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! (reposted from another friend's status message  feel free to do the same )"
at er with caitlynn  my poor baby is so miserable!  sad 
caitlynn has pneumonia   sad  they treated her withiv antibiotics in the er and sent her home with a prescription 
it's been a busy week  i think i'll take the night off!
1st time in 3 days caitlynn doesn't have a fever! hopefully she is on the road to recovery  please let there be no setbacks 
spent the morning having breakfast and catching up with a good friend! spent the afternoon with <propfirst> and will be spending the evening with <propfirst> and the kids! what a great day this has been!  smile 
looking forward to spending the afternoon with one of my best friends and her beautiful daughter! then going to spend some time with my grandma    should be another great day!
had a good drama free night last night with some wonderful friends! now to enjoy the day with the family!
"homemade chilli, sweet corn casserole & red <propfemale> cake for dessert! i so can't wait for dinner tonight!  smile "
ugh! so frustrated!
such a proud mom!  found out yesterday that summer got into the cosmetology vocational! way to go summer!
"doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%"
"dinner done, dishes finished, pj's on, so looking forward to a nice relaxing evening with my family!"
snow day for parma city schools! time to go back to bed!  smile 
my neighbor came and snow blowed my driveway again  i think it's time to bake him some cookies!
tell me again why i wanted a snow day so bad?
"in need of a vacation! white <propfirst> beaches, <propfemale> blue water and drinks with little umbrellas! who's wants to come with? lol"
"now this is a snow day! woke up at 5am checked facebook on my phone and thanks to a few status updates from some good friends i put my phone down, and went back to sleep until 9am! lol"
feels so blessed to have the friends and family she has!  i do love each and every one of you!  love 
"watami for lunch with my amazing husband! taking kids to southpark today for some pokemon event , then going to mr  b's tonight to <propfemale> out with some friends"
had an awesome time with wonderful friends! what a great night!
sitting at the orthodontist with caitlynn    an hour after her appt  time and she still hasn't been seen! so frustrating!
car got stuck in the driveway this morning! thought we were going to need a tow truck but thanks to my neighbors we were able to get it unstuck  i am so ready for spring!
my dad is having surgery today to have his pacemaker removed  please keep him in  your prayers today! thanks!
has the most wonderful husband! <propfirst> surprised me with the nkotb greatest hits cd! he was going to get me tickets to the concert but found that they were $71 a piece for nose bleeds  i told him i loved nkotb but not for that price! lol
<propfirst> kong chicken!
looking forward to monday!
it's <propfirst>'s week on facebook  change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together 
had a wonderful weekend! dinner friday at dragon gate with my amazing husband  drinks and dancing with friends friday night  spent saturday and sunday with family! couldn't ask for a better weekend!
my voice is almost completely gone!
