39ee14bbc6a17b5ca25f641e95e52877
one week its unreal i cant believe now its been a year    
is monday here yet???? i need a magic wand to wave and clean my house and bring daddy home       three more days yayayayayayayayay!!!!!!!!!
i need to clean but i keep avoiding it  why is my yard so muddy i hate dog prints all over the the house i cant keep up with my loving zoo      
he is home!!!!
maybe hit up the aquarium today with the fam!
so tired today    the dentist cancelled on me he is sick  as much as i hate going i need to boo  miss my friends back home hope they had a great weekend 
american idol? loved it! wow still miss my friends 
people and time? i love them both    but    
missing <propfemale>  sad 
to my grandma <propfemale>! i love her with all my might! i miss you always so does lj  he has always been smitten for you wink 
lovely day to have before the rain starts to come again    
love my girl <propfemale> wish she was here!! ayden and lj would have so much fun!
thank you to my husband    my family members who have served for our country  thank you to the men and women whom we have lost while they defended our country  god bless <propfemale>!
"reason you are enjoying a long weekend: a usa military member is missing their family while caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are saving lives  it's military appreciation week  repost if you are a military member, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen    hero, or appreciate the military"
are you serious?????? obama picks memorial weekend to go home to chicago instead of following traditions and speaking at arlington cemetery  the president is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces but he needs a break on the one day we are supposed to remember troops and all they've done  repost this status if you think    our troops are    worth remembering  i know i sure do
we will be having a busy moving week! luckily since i am prego now i dont have to <propfemale> the large items !!!!!
this heat wave needs to go away so my little guy can play outside      
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want - to be accepted  many of you probably won't copy and paste this, but will you please do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week "
"<propfirst> lohan? i can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20 something yr old  here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about: <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propmale> weikert 29, justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propmale>hew <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23, & <propmale> tate       27   these 20 year olds gave their lives for you this week  repost if you support our military"
"this is to all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles, salon cuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  lets see how many moms repost this  moms who don't care about whatever they gave up, instead love what t      hey get in return  repost this if you're a mom and love your kids!"
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged youtight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept youstrong ,copy and paste this to your status  sisters are supposed to <propfemale> promise from god that we will have a forever friend! repost if you      have    an amazing sister! ?"
heidl's will be here soon so excited to see everyone!!!!! hope they have a safe trip    
home sick today sad  lj is also getting over something poor guy i hate when he is sick 
hurricane <propmale> is coming        hope we dont get hit too hard here
"no <propmale> here! it barely skimmed the coast, so happy about that  now we are going to have another hot day    "
"yay lj gets to go to his tumbling class and get out his abundance of toddler energy, very excited to see him go be a monkey!"
"i woke up very disturbed from an extremely vivid dream  when you are pregnant you have the weirdest dreams, this one could be a good scary movie though lol            "
"remembering 911\http annoyed  lucianne com article ?pageid=there_she_stands"
hopefully a fun day with <propfemale> to the outer banks! should be very nice weather compared to yesterday 
"i had a little helper today while i gave the dogs a bath!!! lj growing up is so fast but sometimes, like today, i am ok with it smile "
time to go to kickboxing!!!! im excited but i know its going to be hilarious watching this growing belly try to keep up wink 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the       friendship    repost if you have one true friend  they will know who they are  smile "
woke up early from a little lady in my belly kicking me letting me know she is hungry wink  such an amazing feeling i am blessed!
my latest pregnancy dream involved all my girlfriends from home    i was watching jills parents house for them? so weird  it made me lonesome for you all though sad 
rainy day and dentist appointments today    what a bum combo  maybe i can cuddle up with my little guy and watch a movie sometime to relax 
"lj slept in so late today!!! tuesday is my weekend day of not much to do, love it!"
terrible two's when do they end          
my dogs want to go out and play so bad but its been raining for days and they are too big chickens!
it's wet outside  - <propfirst>
i like it on my hook in the entryway     
a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 6 months  a politicianflies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension isnot reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful enseaccount; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician vows to   defend their country;    a soldier actually keeps that promise  repostif you support our troops
hubby's on duty so i am very board today on <propmale> day     lj and i are hanging out together on this pretty day so that makes up for it smile 
its a beautiful day here in nc cant wait to go play outside with my little guy!!!
boys are asleep      what to do with my free time?
i think i am growing the next karate kid in my stomach     
i have a real live buzz lightyear in the house!!!
iron man underwear is a big hit today!!
going to the aquarium tonight with buzz lightyear!! trick or treat under the sea very exciting date!
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for support our troops  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64941?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for support our troops  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64941?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for support our troops  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64941?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for support our troops  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64941?bws=st
thank you all so much for your birthday wishes!!! my family and i had a wonderful busy day!
so much to do and the day has barely begun       awwwwhh
oh so very bored on duty   only 1 more hour to go!!!!
"if you have a wonderful man who is your whole world, who isn't perfect but is perfect for you, who works hard (and plays harder), who would do anything for you (in his own way), who makes you laugh, is your best friend (and sometimes your only friend), who you want to grow old with         (if you don't kill him first), and who you are thankful for every day,then post this as your status  ?"
managed to shoot myself in the face with my sons nerf gun in the mid of fixing it  i would not make a good <propfemale> wink  love you <propfirst>
time to go to kick boxing!!! i love this class its such a stress relief!
"my son is taking a seriously long nap, i am worried he will wake up and be another inch taller or a pre-teen wink  we will see!"
im very blessed and excited to have thanksgiving with my love this year! not excited for the food shopping and preparation      it begins today
"hope everyone had a wonderful thanksgiving! we did and i am sooooooo thankful, now we get to be excited to go home for christmas wink "
its getting cold!!! maybe snow in nc this christmas?
i cant wait to see the snow in colorado                take my little man sledding!
cange your profile pic for an animated character from your childhoodandinvite your friends to do the same  the goal is to not see a humanface on facebook until monday december 6th  support the fight againstchild abuse by copying and pasting this as your status 
"getting sick booo, hope it goes away before our big trip to co"
getting ready for a road trip home! colorado here we come      
"this christmas, while you are eating your dinners and laughing, remember that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting  they gave their life so that you can sit with your family  so light a candle this christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back, and for those still serving   in iraq, afghanistan, or elsewhere  repost as your status to show your honor for them!!!"
yay snow lj cant wait to play outside!!!!!
"husband week: if you have a husband who is your best friend, who works hard for you,who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you unconditionally even when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married: june march 28, 2007"
we got <propfemale>'s portraits taken today! so excited to see them her and her brother are too precious i am so lucky to have them!!! event hough they do not look like me wink 
just found out today that we are moving back near our home for at least 3 years!!! co here we come!!!
is anyone interested in adopting a black and white cat?????
"last month here in north <propfemale> for the p-rez family  very sad to leave, but happy to be closer to family "
