60f31ccddca0f73e39a92fd96d29d29a
happy new year everyone!  and a blue <propfemale> to boot!  smile 
a perfect ending to the day for a crocheter with add: throwing your sweater over your arm and having the crochet hook you've been looking for all day come flying out of it!   laugh 
"saturday, june 27th is our national health care day of service source: bitly com in thousands of communities across the country, we'll come together, roll up our sleeves, and do what we can to improve vital health care services for people in need  join us"
"god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and wisdom to know the difference "
"in breast-feeding women, use isn't recommended "
"oh, that's it!  health care reform, here i come!!!"
right at this specific moment really hates her life and wishes she was home knitting and playing with her 11 year old puppy 
is beginning to see why people have become misinformed and therefore fearful 
"ok, so far in the last two months, i have been harassed by a client i've done some work for, by three neighbors, by the police twice (on my own property for doing absolutely nothing), and by certain people at another job i have (tonight and within the last couple of days)   and one of my upstairs neighbors just slammed something onto the floor loud and obvious enough to wake me up   what gives??!!"
"i am completely addicted to short track speed skating now, thanks to my hometown boy, apolo!  a seattleite is now the most decorated winter olympian     awesome!"
"down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better, what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else    93% of my friends will not copy this    will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status and leave it       for at least one hour "
"why is it that the most genuine individuals are often either the most misunderstood, or considered to be completely ingenuine (is that even a word) by everyone else?"
"glad tomorrow will be a new day   hit the rock bottom with falling apart   being in a funk today, stemming from being laid off yet again (for a couple of weeks now)   the welfare of my dog was threatened, full \mom\"" mode came out   taking step #1 out of it tomorrow am """
brownies from scratch = chocolate heaven!
today is a very very good day!
happiness is a warm puppy!
msnbc is now reporting that <propfirst> frum (a fellow at the american enterprise institute) was terminated today for speaking his mind yesterday   wow 
"so sorry farmville c surprise p friends, i cant access my harvestable crops due to a power outage! sending this message via cell phone   smile  will try again tomorrow "
"thank you all for the birthday wishes, it was a wonderful day indeed!  beautiful day, great friends and family, great food     what more could i ask for!"
avatar  absolutely brilliant  'nuf said 
just came back from holding a brand new baby   wiggly and crying until he came over to me     decided to snuggle right under my neck with his binky and blanket and fell right asleep   all is right with my world right now!
"steph d - i'm borrowing your status from last night!  mean people suck!!! gah, what a day "
"what kind of water have you pregnant people been drinking?! lol!  one of my best friends is ready to pop with a boy, my cousin is newly preggers, another one of my best friends is newly preggers (just found out yesterday     mother's day!), another good friend is a few months in, a good friend of mine just had a baby boy a couple of weeks ago, another good friend is due end of may with a boy    "
"a true friend can go long periods of \timewithout speaking and never question their friendship  and pick up \likethey just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has \been        repostif you are lucky enough to have at least one "
"that's it   i can't afford a hybrid car, and have cut down energy consumption in other areas as much as possible   a small step to cut down on oil consumption, but significant nonetheless   no more acrylic yarn   working through what i have, but i won't purchase acrylic yarn anymore, only natural   renewable resource fiber "
<propmale> petty and the heartbreakers     still so freakin' awesome!
"am i missing something here?  did everything (and then some) at work, and still got blamed for something that occurred on another part of the property  *sigh*"
man do i love the smell of sweet meadow grass in the evenings  by sunset it makes the air smell so sweet!
more like what's in my mind      smile   watching <propfirst> <propfemale> and am learning a ton about the amygdala!
"my week:  wednesday: very, very good   thursday: not a good day   friday:  very bad day   saturday: the sun came out    then some not so good things   then some very good things   all in all a good day   sunday:  a good day   monday:  not a good day   tuesday: a good day   wednesday: all in all a good day   thursday: devastating day   next week has to be better!  i'm pulling for more good days than bad ones!"
godspeed <propfirst>   you were an icon 
"bp's top kill has now failed  not many options left, and more and more people are starting to get very sick   @#$%!!!!!!!!"
"flu, flu go away     come back again     well     never "
"aarrgghh     anyone have any good home remedies for trying to prevent an eardrum from bursting?  ice, fluids, analgesics, benadryl and ear massages   jaw stretches   lots of yawns are already in the works     thanks in advance!"
"i've been stuffed up for so long now, i've forgotten what it's like to smell, taste or hear anything   c'mon antibiotics and tylenol 3, you can start working any ol' time now!"
"still feelin' cruddy   doc did say it would take 36-72 hours before i start to feel better   in the meantime, tylenol 3 is making it a slightly more pleasant ride!  wink "
"note to my non-gamer friends: i play games that generate a lot of posts  this can be irritating if you don't play  if you don't want to see these, move your cursor over the game message and the word \hide\"" will appear  click on the hide button and hide the game  future messages from that game will be hidden on your wall! ?"""
"having a bit of a stressful moment, and then bayley comes up to me with her big brown puppy dog eyes and gives me a big ol' puppy kiss and tailwag!  life is good and dogs are awesome   smile "
i love my bo-sox!!! nava is the new wonderboy! first ever <propmale> league at bat & he hits a grand slam!!
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and \never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up just \like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far\apart they live    repost this if you are lucky enough to have at least\one friend like this ?"
"ok, all  16 hours a week is not even cutting it anymore   budget cuts   think good thoughts as i go on the job hunt again!  keeping these 16 hours, even when i find another ft job "
"father'sday-if yellow roses grow in heaven, lord, pick a bunch for me  place them in my daddy's arms & tell him they're from me  tell him i love & miss him & when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while  remembering him is easy, i do it everyday, but there's an ache within my heart that'll never go away  love and miss you, dad!  i still can't believe you are gone "
there is no way to happiness   happiness is the way  - dr  <propmale> dyer
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious  they want what we all want -- to be (loved and) accepted  most people won't copy and paste this  but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education    week, and this is in honor of all the kids "
boston!!!!! come on!!!
"a little blurb about <propmale> <propmale>, the umpire who is being inducted into the baseball hall of fame tomorrow   http annoyed  en wikipedia org wiki <propmale troubled propmale>_(umpire)"
"one of my neighbors is cooking bacon, and it smells wonderful!"
nothin' like fresh sweet corn on the cob in summer!
"the original free to be song!  man, this brings back memories for me!  enjoy!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=_26fohoac78"
"an evening in, with a brand new portable ac unit   95-100 degrees with a broken ac unit does not make me a happy camper  12,000 btu's at 70 degrees does!"
"yum! potato pancakes cooked with bacon, tillamook cheddar, & green onions  topped with a sour cream dollop, & applesauce on the side  gr8 brunch at elmers!"
still awake   can't fall asleep! > sad 
"pain pain go away  come back again, well, never  is pain really a necessary part of life?"
"ok  time for the life change, again  i've made the decision to pick up my classes again this fall for my second degree  wish me luck, people!"
just found out that my local <propfirst>'s serves ivar's clam chowder! i've missed my seattle ivar's trips! yum!
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live & don’t hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but that you will always love them  re-post if you have at least    one friend like this who you love dearly "
i am so beyond disillusioned with the human race right now   whatever happened to treating people as you would want to be treated?  sigh 
frontierville friends: can i ask u guys to do me a favor? i cant get into game & have tons of flax to harvest to meet a goal  pls help me harvest! thanks all!
"omg, listening to <propfirst> halen's \jump\"" right now       what a blast from the past!"""
watching <propmale> burns' the tenth inning on pbs   a masterpiece!  remembering the 2004 boston world series championship with love and pride!
"movies i recommend: the social network, the karate kid  both were very engaging  about to see a sneak preview of secretariat  should be good!"
off to take my first psychology exam in a few minutes! wish me luck everyone!
"go <propfirst>'s restaurants! they dont normally serve <propmale> cristos, but are the only restaurant that actually volunteered to make one for me! woohoo!"
"cold, cold go away  come back again, well       never  oscillococcinum homeopathic remedy has become my friend!"
"i am completely devastated   the love of my life dumped me earlier today, with no prior warning   dumped me via fb, and then proceeded to unfriend me, and wants no further contact   we've been friends for years, and now doesn't even want to be friends anymore  i have no idea what to do   i am so sick of the grief cycle!  if anyone has any words of wisdom, i could really use some right now   thanks all "
"ok, much needed humor courtesy of my friend <propmale>!  thanks for making me laugh, <propmale>!\\pretty sad news about the pillsbury doughboy  if you havent already heard, he died yesterday of a yeast infection and complications from repeated pokes to the belly  the doughboy was buried in a lightly greased coffin   see below for further details "
"ok oregonians & sw washingtonians, who is going to the portland rally to restore sanity tomorrow at the eastbank esplanade from 12-5? anyone want to go?"
the weathermen had it wrong when they said most of the snow would miss the portland area  its the warmest time of the day & has moved from rain to snow!
crap  trying to get home & the cold weather ruined the air brakes on the company shuttle  have to either walk 2 <propmale> in 20 degrees or wait an hour for new bus 
portland folks     for some awesome beef ravioli     <propfirst> & <propfirst>'s pizza & chicken on 185th & west union in beaverton  $3 50 for a huge plate of fabulousness!
there is such a thing as the poinsettia bowl in football? really?! well i guess its possible if there can be a <propfemale> bowl        laugh 
on to meet my knitting gals after a quick shot of <propfemale> & a beer chaser (we all got scolded all day at work)       wonder how the scarf will look now! lol!
these temporary furloughs are getting really old     :-\\
"ugh  temporary furlough just became permanent  damn  but there is a silver lining i am sure, and i have faith it will become clear to me soon "
1-2 inches of rain e playful ected here in portland tomorrow night  looking at the already full creek in my backyard with concern  thats all i need right now  :-
and now my car is dead  great!!
"seriously grateful that my car is running!  yay!!!  the auto service feature at usaa said all they would do when they came out was a jump start   but the guy came out in ten minutes, looked at my battery, did the jump start, told me i have some serious corrosion on the top of it, kicked my throttle into gear when it wouldn't start over, and basically smacked my battery upside the head to get it to charge "
"anxious moments   just found out someone is back, but i know i'm stronger now "
employed again! yessss!!! full time with benefits starting after 90 days! yahooey!
happy christmas to everyone!
new word: snow + hail = snail! which is exactly the pace things go when the ground becomes white around here   laugh 
"got back from the vet two hours ago, have been silently praying that the little growth i saw on bayley-girl's chest isn't an adenocarcinoma (cancer) like the vet thinks it might be   did pre-surgery bloodwork tonight, and will schedule the surgery tomorrow after the bloodwork comes back   surgery should be easy since the growth is just at surface level   prayers for my little doggy please!"
"damn cable box!  reception has been nothing but partial picture and audio for the last 24 hours   i now need to go in and get a new box, remote, and cables   my wall connection is right behind a dresser that i can't lift without blowing a vessel somewhere, maybe i can <propfirst> rig it somehow?  a really long, skinny wrench for the coax?  lol!  oh well, at least it'll be fixed in time for the oregon game next week!  laugh "
yes!! regular vet seems to think bayley-girl's little growth is more cystic in nature  still needs surgery tomorrow but poss just a local anesth & sedative 
"got home from the vet about an hour ago   two sutures, and very heavy sedation = a vewwwy gwoooggggy puuuuupppppy   bayley came out of the vet's office minus two nipples, with her tail tucked between her legs, a doggy cone around her neck, and trying very hard to walk straight, but failing miserably!  what a trooper!  the vet still seems to think her growths were cysts, but we will confirm it with a biopsy "
really trimet?  a parking ticket because my tires were on the parking space line?  really?!?  >:-{
"i love <propfemale> computer company   my laptop screen went completely black on me tonight   called tech support, they answered almost immediately   within minutes they figured out i need to have the motherboard replaced, along with the screen connector cable   they are sending out a technician to replace them free of charge since my computer is still under warranty   good customer service just makes my day!  laugh "
man some people suck sometimes! argh! someone made a decision affecting my life based upon a twisted story  and i think the decision is final 
"my computer is back!  yahooey!  the motherboard, power adapter, led screen and battery all died at the same time   all (except the battery) were replaced at no charge!  thank god for long warranty periods!  i love <propfemale> computer company!"
"please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has, or had, an invisible illness (diabetes, epilepsy, chronic migraines, fibromyalgia, ms, copd, lupus, etc)  do it for all who have an invisible illness    it's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fabulous on the outside "
