a5bfdbc2775061e8d3867d65334c4e24
miss my xbox ;_;
"just saw tron legacy  wanna know the real reason flynn didn't come back? a not-aging <propfemale> wilde  if i could spend 20 years with her, i wouldn't come back either "
"everyone should set realistic new year's goals  for example, my resolution is to continue being witty & devastatingly good-looking  done "
finally got around to playing half-life 2 and episode 1  fucking aweeeesome 
"97% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a sky scraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn screaming \do a flip you sparkly faggot!\"" then copy and paste this as your status """
"come forth mountain and claim my brains, and forever i will be stained upon your peak  and a thousand years from now, martians will see the stains and know; there lies <propfemale> "
"if all my friends were jumping off the bridge to voi    i don't take fall damage, so i probably would too "
happy birthday to <propmale> <propmale>   love 
going to universal studios today lol peace bitches 
"i hate walking out into the kitchen to find my mom and step-dad eating dinner, and thinking, \why the fuck didn't you make me anything?\"""""
stelio  stelio kontos  stelio  stelio kontos 
"life to death to life eternal  stick a needle in my eye  this darkness \is crushing me  if they only knew what i can't unknow  cross my heart \and hope to die "
"such a little thing  fractal heuristic  \replicating <propfemale>  fuck altman "
"just saw iron man 2, was pretty ossim  war machine was a big fag though "
"don't you just hate when the person you're aguing with is either too stubborn to admit their mistake, or too stupid to realize it?"
the vocalist of defspiral wilma-sidr is taka from the underneath? what the fuck? it all makes sense now 
finally got bungie pro  $10 well spent 
noooooooo whyyyyy
don't let your niglet grow up to be a nigger 
whoo  finally  1750 1750 in halo 3  laugh 
1200 1200 in halo wars  lol 
"so everyone i was talking to either went away, logged off, or stopped replying  awesome  >>"
i say life begins at arousal  no fluoride!
"63 percent of the people who still own a phantom menace dvd \begin the movie at the podrace, and then upon finishing it, skip to \the three-way lightsaber fight, and then eject the dvd and hope nobody \saw them "
shhhh   i need silence to mind-meld with the internet 
"just spent the last half hour or so hunting down my sister's bf on red dead redemption, that was fun  laugh "
the oil in the gulf is haunted by the ghosts of the dinosaurs it used to be 
whoo! my sic dark kiva & ixa is finally here x]
the fastest way to a man's heart is with <propmale> <propmale>'s fist 
"oh i tell you a great story and i'm a 'liar', but <propmale> potter does it and he's your favorite writer!"
"turns out i do get some time off from school  just two weeks or so, but still ossim "
not feelin so great tonight  annoyed 
"men don't have the 3-day eat cookies and cry period you ladies do  we have the 5 minute, 'i'm going to find someone who looks just like you and fuck her brains out just to prove i don't need you', period "
watching the original a-team on netflix  lol 80's fashion 
"what would you do to get the woman you love? send her a poem a day for a year, or give her the lowly gift of a headless <propmale> bear? or put her in a burlap sack and hold her head down as you pass the police check point? well i can't write poems "
"a man will do anything for the right woman  when that woman destroys him, that man will become a hunk of meat with the common sense of a rodeo clown "
singularity has multiplayer    waitwut?
"like\ this status and i'll tell you what i like, dislike, first impression, \and a confession "
"what the fuck? just got an email saying my wow account got closed for \abuse of the economy\"" even though i haven't used it in months """
"turns out as a student, i can get a free membership in the xna creators club, bitchin  $100 i just saved   laugh "
"as of july 10th\halo: reach preorders: 477, 429\cod: black ops preorders: 194,271\lol"
morning wood ain't nothin' to be ashamed of  that's how you know you're alive 
whoo  wow account is mine once more  fuck you whoever hacked it  laugh 
"just finished reading dead space: martyr a little\ while ago, was fucking good "
"why yes friend-suggestions, i'd just loooove to add my ex's new bf as a friend  pfft  stupid facebook "
"modern warfare 2: november 10, 2009 - september 14, 2010 r i p"
do you know how hard it is to play a vuvuzela while high?
"can you hear the symphony? screws go tight all around  stick a needle in your eye  cross my heart and hope to die  life to death, to life eternal "
"sometimes i wish i could kill people just by thinking about it    err, sometimes i wish for it more than usual, that is "
of course <propfirst> <propfirst> bosch would voice bumblebee in war for cybertron  is there anything he isn't in?
"when you're born, you're pure  unspoiled and trusting  some say, it's \the only time we're perfect  you're also born covered in blood and \placenta  no one gets nostalgic about that "
"you whore! music slut! shaking those ears all over town, letting anyone in, get out of this room!"
let's go get some hookers and some ice c-c-c-cream!
"12 hours later, still sore all over and ears are still ringing  lol "
"\i broke up with my girlfriend because i found a strategy guide for <propfirst> galaxy 2 in her room  i don't date cheaters \"""""
all black bears look alike to me 
i haz dilemma  somewhat interested in <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world  but i haaaaaaate <propfirst> cera  what do?
"i meant to go to sleep like   5 hours ago  fucking homework, least that shit is done for this week "
"\my diploma is worth more than your life!\"" -dr  <propmale> <propmale> """
it took jesus three days to come back from the dead  master chief and noble-6 respawn in about 5 seconds  why aren't they the basis of a religion yet?
crispy m&m's are coming back in 2011? fuck yes 
dad got me a mini-fridge  fuck yeah  x]
damnit  fuck fuck fuck  could not contain my curiosity    watched reach's ending ;~; disappointed in myself 
anyone want to donate some monnies to the 'change <propfirst>'s gamertag' fund?  laugh 
whoo! changed my gt  much thanks to <propfemale> for hookin' a nigga up with the points  laugh 
it's not gambling when it's a sure-thing!
"just sent friend invites to a bunch of people i used to talk to  why? i don't know, why not?"
apparently you can get fisted by a robot in fallout: new vegas  his name is fisto  i'm not even making that up 
"attn: people i talk to on msn, add my new email: xfangirekingx@live com then send me an im  i still have you guys on my contacts, but you won't show up as online  laugh d"
playing the <propfemale>'s den bioshock 2 dlc  why the fuck haven't we been getting more dlc like this instead of shitty multiplayer map packs?
"you never forget how to fight, it's like beating up a bicycle "
"guns don't kill people, people kill people  guns defend people against people with smaller guns "
"don't you love when you text someone, and their bf gf responds to it? you're not who i was trying to talk to damnit "
booooored and nobody seems to want to talk today 
siiiigh 
all's fair in love and achievements 
"just another one of those boring, lonely nights "
"god damnit adultswim website, i don't give a shout about 'the virginity hit', stop showing those stupid fucking ads "
"oh tuesday, please hurry up and get here so you can wash all my worries away "
know how sometimes you laugh so much your face hurts? i love halo   laugh 
my reach legendary edition has shipped    and now i play the waiting game 
fuck yes my copy of reach is here!
"\i need them to see me strong  even spartans need someone to believe in \"""""
"you look good in dress, you look better on my floor  you bitch "
"let me tell you something, a bullet sounds the same in every language "
\it's getting to the point \,a5bfdbc2775061e laugh 3867d65334c4e24,"just finished reach, legendary solo  fuck yes, that shit was hard as hell "
"being awake until 5 am is only enjoyable when there are other people online awake  when you're alone, it sucks ass "
"what the hell? there's a dead space 2 multiplayer beta, but its only being sent to some people, and it's only on ps3  fuck you visceral games "
"my boot wants to join up with your ass, and i'm about to throw them a shotgun wedding "
a day without slaughter is like a day without sunshine 
test results? but my wife is far too fat to be pregnant!
you hear that? hear that tone you're using? that's penis-repellent right there 
"here's what you do to meet a lady: you get your tour manager to find some chick, and when he brings her backstage, you pull out your <propmale> "
"in short, i pissed in god's eye    and he blinked "
"age ain't nothin' but a number, and the number i'm thinking of is $100 "
"circuit city: 'there's one left, come find us!'"
"don't they know the order of shit? you get famous first, then you become a heroin addict "
there should be a mandatory retirement age for strippers 
'dr  endicotts patented revitalizing snake oil' is now called 'vitamin water '
"thinking about moving, doesn't matter where, just want to do something different  ideas anyone?"
"wherever my girl goes, her smile lights up the room  her vagina on the other hand, clears the room and makes it uninhabitable for weeks "
pride is what men feel  love is for the ladies 
"you can't handle your booze and we can  flying hover-drums all over mozambique, i mean, who does that?"
that was a gay pride parade? i thought it was a canadian thanksgiving 
"boy you can take a punch, but at the same time you cowered a little bit  now that's a woman "
"you know how some men buy really e playful ensive cars to make up for\certain shortages?  well, i don't even own a car "
your denial is turning me on 
dir en grey's 'hageshisa' is gonna be on the saw 3d soundtrack? ossim  laugh 
"whoo, got my school schedule all worked out so i'll get my next session off   laugh "
"heard sirens outside earlier  my first thought was, \oh fuck bungie police \"""""
"she's gullible, i'm bored, we're perfect for each other!"
"repost\ this if you know or are related to someone killed on the second death \<propfemale>  people need to see that the rebels are a band of terrorist scum  the empire only wanted an active military defense for our galaxy, but the rebels blew it up and killed imperial troops and more importantly,civilian contractors  the rebels continue to use    violence in support of peaceful ideology  93% of people won't repost this "
"five words that every man will say at some point in his life  \we should buy a bar \"""""
"don't you hate it when you have a bad feeling in your gut about something, and it ends up being totally justified? fml "
"today's technology, allowing my dad to call my cell instead of walk 20 feet to my room to talk to me  yay   laugh "
"it's like my brain is a tree, and you're those little cookie elves "
i'm such a boss i wear suitjamas to sleep at night 
"oh crap, <propmale> was mysterion  laugh "
"so, pretty much fml "
"\you would have me    count my sins? then is it a sin to love   ?\"" -?? ?"""
why the hell have i been tasting blood all day? no part of me is bleeding  confusing and annoying 
"usually when i see men in cages, they're kissing each other and i'm throwing pesos at them "
"statistically speaking, the most bacteria ridden place on the planet is the mouth of an american woman "
go to check my texts  see i have 117 texts in my inbox  smile to self 
"<propfemale>, just because snow is the same color as our refrigerator doesn't mean you know how it works "
"if there is one thing that can create a villain, it is women "
"watching the walking dead on hulu, zombie gets shot in the head, could swear i hear the bleep-bloop of an achievement   "
"look'it you; <propfemale> 'n angel  you look like you fell into a basket of \freckles  i was like you  i was like him  not a care in th' world, and \then it all tuns t' shit  it all turns t' shit, kid  look'it  look here!\ this's how y'drink booze!"
just pick a dead-end and chill out till you die 
only the first episode of the walking dead will be on hulu? rage 
"tried out the pc version of onlive this morning  holy shit  awesome  needs more games, but still awesome "
"you ever look at a grave and think, \this is the most significant thing i will ever do\""?"""
got attacked by a small army of my dad's <propfemale> tan dogs  covered in <propfemale> little dog hairs now  dx
check yahoo japan auctions  see ever-elusive new unsraw single for $40+  consider buying it until i remember i have no money  sadface 
why can't you support my gibberish? i'd do it if you were stupid!
"i think of the times past when i had it all, i toyed with men's wives and their daughters  and in my pursuit of this ill-gotten wealth, i stabbed and i slashed and i slaughtered "
playing fable 3  check up on family  white male character and white wife  son is black  swiftly and mercilessly murder wife  cheating bitch 
\there are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept, things\a5bfdbc2775061e laugh 3867d65334c4e24,"screw <propfemale>  i pledge $50 to stop diabetes, and then i find out that there's still diabetes, and i'm like, \whaaat?\"" what a ripoff """
nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love 
"in the stripclub of my heart, you held the key to the champagne room "
"the saddest and proudest day of a man's life, is the day he watches his own clone have it's head ripped off "
posting from new phone  whoo!
fuck swype is awesome
what's a little light cannibalism among friends?
"right now, california is e playful eriencing pineapple e playful ress "
"watching family guy: it's a trap!, rush limbaugh is the rancor, lololololol "
"you and i wake up to the zombie apocalypse together  using only 4 words what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours "
ammunition makes great stocking stuffers 
"god dammit gainax, you and your fucking trolling "
"let's play 'hunters' for a bit, i'll be <propmale> cheney, and you can be my best friend  "
"crying during every argument you are in, true sign of maturity!"
"man, i just cannot get to sleep for shit anymore "
damn you panty and stocking soundtrack  y u so catchy?
"\want to believe it's not true  today your pathetic smile is all too ironically beautiful \"" -??"""
"when someone tells me they \love me to death\"" i consider it a threat  i do not intend on dying  take your feelings elsewhere """
"they say blonde girls have more fun, unfortunately, they also have more vd "
"\lets see how creative my facebook friends are   leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name   it can only be 1 word   then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   don't just post a word and not copy   that's no fun! this should be interesting     \"""""
tried to play qwop  didn't go well  he wouldn't qwop-erate 
<propmale> d  <propmale> is so jelly that i can no scope gaiz on my team and he can't 
know what's interesting? reading several year old conversations with people you used to be close to  crazy shit 
"saw the old <propfirst> <propmale> true grit on tv earlier  not bad, the new version is better though "
"wow is like   2 3 the way installed  takes forever man  shouldn't have uninstalled it, even though that was monthssss ago "
"at my dad's with no xbox    therefore, tonight is wow night  woo!"
"there was a moment last night, when she was sandwiched between the two finnish dwarves and the maori tribesmen, where i thought, 'wow, i could really spend the rest of my life with this woman' "
one hour till it's due  just starting ethics homework  ffffffuuuu-
"sweet, going to see gantz on thursday  don't know shit about it, but looks pretty badass "
she's probably hesitant because she wants to be the prettier one in the threesome  gently e playful lain to her how this defeats the purpose 
"best quote about black ops ever: \redefining? innovating? a polished story? nunh unh  it was like playing through <propfirst> bay presents: the cold war\"""""
today has not been good so far 
\they're swarming in through a hole in the medical deck," at least you won't have to go through there \""\"a5bfdbc2775061e laugh 3867d65334c4e24,"happy the \the <propmale>'s speech\"" was nominated  it'll raise awareness of the debilitating speech impediment known as \""british accent \"""""
"200 soldiers you say, tiedmann? yeah, more like 200 paper-mache kittens "
just finished dead space 2 on hardcore  fuck yeah 
french silk pie is so beast 
wow subscription ends in 4 days  sadface  ):
"dear california, its february  y u so summer-y already?"
"let's liven things up fellows, five grams of 'junk' say i can shoot a piña colada off your wife's head "
"i just realized that valentines day is on like monday  alone again, yaaaaay "
yayy single's awareness day is almost over 
"there's only three ways to end a career as a rocker  overdose, overstay your welcome, or write spiderman: the musical "
got a gba emulator on my phone  playing firered  nostalgia woo!
"playing pokemon firered  catch snorlax  nickname it after <propfemale> riether, lololol "
"dear penthouse forum, never thought these stories were actually true till today  dressed up as a civil war guy, nailed a chick with pink eye in a taco <propfemale> bathroom "
"are you whole again, at peace, in love? you are no match for this warlock  my power will consume you every losing day "
i can already tell i'm not going to sleep well tonight  god-fucking-damnit 
"i see you, you little worm, i see you  behind your plastic smile, your bitchy pout, and your desperate need to be liked  forget love, that ship sailed when you were born "
"you said you were going to prove me wrong, i guess proving me completely right works too "
"it's funny  when someone says they love you, you can't really feel it  but when they tell you they don't, you can feel as it drains you of everything you once were "
"dear guy who almost hit me with his car in the albertsons parking lot, be very glad i'm not hongo takeshi, else i would have stopped your car with my hand, ripped the driver's side door off, and beaten you with it "
i don't love me  and that's how i understand why you don't either 
???????????????????
the current sun chips bags are the number one source of noise pollution 
"i'm trying to do my taxes  mousie ruiz, are our broken bed-frames ta laugh eductible?"
just beat <propmale> d  <propmale> at halo chess  and he rage quit quit quit rage quit 
"thanks to <propfirst> lawyer, my hair is now black and awesome again  laugh "
right and wrong is just a matter of perception  the only way you can be wrong is if you believe you're wrong  or if i say so 
"there is no such thing as good girls, only bad ones that know how to lie "
