49a3af959a81b2fb18739aa85b360fe0
"life is cruel, what to do   what to do"
work was boring and long!
bored 8\\
just got back from a very long day at work    ugh time to get some shut eye
reworking moms kitchen my uncle did a very poor job with it gotta replace all the granite floor x(
whooo! just got word that my computers fixed going down to atlanta to pick it up and send the laptop to get repairs
fireworks!
today sucked other than the fireworks got some rest from work 8|
july 3rd 2009    worst day i have had this year >8( ( facepalm)
"tired, bored, sleepy  smile "
had a rough day at work     -_-'
"bored, cousins might come over from cali if my uncle lets them 8|"
doesn't have to go work tomorrow  playful 
anyone else got a gaia?
-_-' got called into work just now 8(
last day of work this summer (hopefully) time to chillax till school starts  laugh 
im bored   
8| got nothing to do thats interesting
bleh school   
"world of warcraft: cataclysm is going to be epic! check it out theyre bringing my favorite dragon back, deathwing  laugh     i know im a geek when it comes to this and drawing"
"i'm thinking of going to watch a movie today, but im not sure yet     8|"
ahh! my hand hurts been drawing too much lately   8(
just got off work yay!  smile 
<propfirst>    you will be missed by us all rest in peace bro   
"r i p  <propfirst>, wish you could have graduated with the rest of us, we will miss you"
"r i p  <propfirst>, ill see you sometime in the future "
school was boring today xept for <propmale>  smile 
"seems like this weekend will be a very boring one, i gots nothing to do :["
a boring saturday    think ima watch some anime tonight
listening to russian music its not bad
"what an eventfull night, fooling around after soccer got us in trouble  "
ugh     lastnight sucked so bad    
lol i learned a couple new songs on the guitar today  laugh 
i gotta go get my contacts ordered for halloween! times almost up 0_o
"ahh   feel that cold air, my favoriet time of the year is drawing near  smile "
well most of my fall break is over    gotta go to knoxville and install some granite countertops
sleep    agh work was exhausting today    but were ahead for tomorrow i get done early!  smile 
woot! i am in control now i have set up the new and improved home network muahahaha!
well im bored    i think ill play some wow and then watch a movie or two till the anime airs on tv
yeah so we went to the haunted caverns and i apparently punched a dude now i got dry blood on my hand   
"meh, the fourth kind wasn't as good as i thought it would be 8|"
"hmm, time moves slowly when you got nothing to do    "
meh     big bro making me wake up at three to go shop for a hd tv      i hate my life sometimes   
meh     bored this weekend might go to the movies to watch something dunno what yet
"meh     ima go watch a movie in town somewhere i woke up only four hours ago hehe, i love sleeping in now i gotta try and not stay up all night     8p"
meh    winter break is boring as hell so far nothing interesting to do gonna go to the movies on saturday prolly
so bored    
"i feel like being lazy today, but i alos want to watch a movie later tonight dunno which to d0"
i love rainy days  smile 
"whoah     my lilk bro just locked me out of my own room     lol! curse his cynical little mind, i may have to buy a new lock thou i had to weaken my current one to get back in"
woot! birthday on sunday  laugh 
woot! its snowing on mah birthhday 8p
grrr! my modem got fried 8(
ugg! just got off work    sooo tired still got some to finish up early tomorrow before i can relax
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! x|
"is at work right now installing a kitchen in alabama, text me     that is if you have my number  wink "
"another night at home just chillin, writing final draft for english paper  laugh "
"the talent show was good, now the only thing left to worry about is prom should i go or not go? if so with a date? (if i can find one this late)"
"all you noobs missed a good  improve show at ohs, shame on you!!"
"uggh    to think the school year is almost over, oh well time to look forward to the future"
"its a cloudy rainy day, just the way i like them haha, time to learn the rest of this song on the guitar and begin looking for my final project for <propmale>  smile "
woot! go mom! she brought home some chicken nuggets  laugh 
"well no school for the rest of the week, gotta get st<propmale>ed on that final <propmale> piece  laugh "
ok so   who all is going to river boat?
to the mall! *charge* > smile 
"whoo! river boat was amazng only two things were left undone but those might be able to be completed sometime int he future  smile  , if only i could get the rest needed for work tomorrow     got alot of countertops to install 8(, i need some sleep   "
"is gonna eat early then head off to play soccer at the small feild near the university, if you have time come and join the practice it will be fun  smile "
time for some shut eye hopefully this weekend wont be as boring as i think it will    
"off to work, then to the movies     if i get out in time to catch one, wish me luck!"
is heading out to eat with the family then off to do something else    hopefully
"well no movies tonight, so i guess ill stay in and look for more music, inspiration for a new <propmale> piece, and just chill"
"damn, we have those senior interviews tomorrow at school  >8("
oh crap i didnt study for my <propmale> exams!!!! ahh!
is bored at school reading more of the demonata series and waiting to be interviewed     and got facebook oh his phone yay!
is bored out of his mind     i gotta do something fun this weekend  smile 
only two more days whoo!
is having a hard time beleiving that high school has come to an end       i might actually shed tears when i exit the building    
"well that's it for high school days as far as class goes, now i gotta finish up the last bits of the senior project      sad "
just got off work early yay! gonna find something fun to do later  smile 
my car litterally sucks      sad 
is hanging out with peeps till the iron man 2 movie starts
"iron man 2    yea that was epic, it think i may actually go see it a second time  wink "
meh    today was ok     i still have this feeling of wanting to do something dangerous   wink 
finally finished with the days house work     got me some bad rug burns just now > sad    now to get the rest of this song down on the guitar
gots a lot to do today!
ugg    <propfemale> tired     must sleep     hungry      uggggggg!
"whooo! i love my godfather, sent me a nice gift  smile  i wish he could be here tomorrow to watch me graduate   "
is releived! highschool is over and done with  now to deal with the future 
"well today has been productive, made a list of songs to learn for when we go to california, woooooo!"
is trying to figure out what to do today 
"work was not that bad today, got a little messy and a few cuts on my hands but nothing <propmale> lol"
is at the rush working out with some homies!! bout time i seriously considered going to a gym
"is headed to the gym, trying to decide what else to do for the weekend  any suggestions?"
"sooooo, sore     and hungry 8|"
"hmm     what to do, what to do   "
"nothing interesting to do tonight, anime time  smile "
"boring day so far, gotta mow the yards then off to the gym  indecision "
is going to alabama to install some countertops 8|
just got back from work    and is very tired   
"-_-'  im bored no work today, going to the gym at 4"
"im thinking of trying another big piece, but i have no idea what i want to create   "
work was exhausting     gona go rent a movie or two and just chillax this weekend
is exhausted    just finished the last kitchen of the week and headed home after stoping somewhere for some food  @_@
is done with work for the day    maybe   the wow servers aew down for maintenance  what to do what to do      wink 
is bored at work     
fuck yeah! espana!
is about to begin the final stage in the painting of his mom's kitchen      (;   wink 
ugghh    sooo tired     must     relax     and  eat  skittles!
"woot, got a new graphics card today for my computer and i must say that it is very nice, now just waiting on the ram to arrive  laugh "
"so sleepy, however, can't sleep o_0"
paranormal activity 2 this weekend who wants to join in?  laugh 
"so, paranormal activity 2     not as good as the first one  8("
"what to do, what to do   "
bored   
another boring day at school      playful 
dull essay topic ftl      annoyed \
"i gotta find something interesting to do soon, been extremely bored these past few months -_-'"
"-_- figures, straight to work when school lets out haha, oh well   "
"hmm what to do, what to do     "
