edd7187f82b88e8c1cb2954dc44b0d58
"happy new year, everybody!"
my knitted sock monkey is stalled because i'm having trouble with the short rows    playful 
"watched the movie twilight   some of the worst hair dye jobs, ever "
is reading going postal by <propfirst> pratchett   good stuff!
"whoa, dramatic thunderstorm directly overhead "
insomnia sucks 
my head hurts   coffee withdrawal 
"is eating hot, fresh-baked bread with butter   yum yum!"
"went jogging in a torrential rain     don't have to worry about overheating that way   reminded me of pt in okinawa, where my shorts became so waterlogged that i had to grab hold of the waistband "
"check this out:  someone got a hold of my debit card number and tried to buy stuff   luckily, usaa was all over it even before i noticed   what's funny is, the account only contained about twenty bucks   someone tried to steal from the wrong person!  baaaa-haaa-haaaaahaaa!"
"where, oh where is that draft i saved of a note?  i don't feel like writing it again!!"
"just re-watched casablanca   gets better every time   <propfirst> raines had the best lines, ever!"
"fortune cookie:  \you shall seek out new adventures\"" [   and new civilizations   ]"""
poll:  should i throw my computer out the window?  yes or no 
"looking forward to this weekend -- <propfirst>, here i come!  woo-hoo!"
there's a guy out there determined to eradicate every single leaf on the planet     i want to go beat him over the head with his leaf blower 
really wishing i had a coke in my hands right now 
manson follower <propfemale> atkins has died   huh   ain't that a damn shame 
"looking forward to leaving this town, if only for the weekend    smile "
*sigh*  yep yep yep 
"awright, i've got to see zombieland!  gotta!"
back in humid <propmale> after a three-hour bus trip during which i blasted my eardrums with my ipod   now i'm nearly deaf but feeling good 
you know that lady who does the juvederm ad?  her smile is totally joyless and empty   i'd far rather look like a shar <propfemale> 
"anyone ever see the \friendface\"" episode of the it crowd?  pretty apt!"""
prolly gonna run over to <propfirst>'s and blow that 40% off coupon on some <propfemale> product    
"corona, lime, and greasy, salty potato chips   check, check, and check "
netflix com is down -- the bastards 
"spent the afternoon at the va hospital, where i was a magnet to all the vets who've misplaced their social interaction filters "
my <propmale> has died and the warranty is e playful ired    sad 
in a state of panic   and not the good kind 
tard   real tard 
still tard 
"holy crap, haagen-dazs green tea ice cream is really good!!"
"66 degrees f , 47% humidity   yessssss!"
"i dropped my cell into my tumbler of iced tea   don't ask me how   anyway, now i'm phoneless for a while   still have the interwebs, though "
"wth?  for a lark i turned on my phone, the one i dropped into a tumbler of iced tea two days ago, and it's working   *scratching head*  okay "
the skies are falling!  rain pouring like it'll wash us all away   under tornado watch and flash flood warning   funny to think that we were in a drought earlier this year 
just found out about a former co-worker's passing   sad and stunning news    sad 
you know you've lived in <propmale> too long when the humidity's at 87% and you don't even notice 
"thank you, thank you, everybody!  had a good birthday   my mom treated me to a <propmale> lunch at rudi lechner's   had the beer schnitzel with mustard sauce, a hefeweizen beer, and apfel strudel for dessert   nom nom!"
looks like my local chinese delivery place went out of business   bummer    sad 
wrestling with the temptation to dash to the store for some ice cream    
i just had about eight inches cut off my hair (it's being donated to a <propfemale> for cancer patients) 
i still laugh at fart jokes 
"i just felted a knitted wool cat bed, and now my room smells like a wet sheep   "
just returned from running errands (to petsmart) in the rain   cats better appreciate their  food!  now to enjoy being dry and warm 
"y'all, it's *snowing* outside!  fer reals!"
really wanting some dairy fat right now 
"every time i go to the va, some veteran of either the vietnam or the korean war latches onto me   old dudes love me, i'm tellin' ya "
"i'm watching a christmas story   the movie is set in 1940, and <propfemale> <propmale>'s 1983 hair is driving me to distraction "
"you know what?  i don't really care about tiger woods   there, i said it "
"alert!!    as of today, facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets!!! to turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals  click the top button to \not feed the employees of facebook anything \"" copy this to your status to warn your friends!!! pass it along people   quickly!!!!"""
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"my cat, newman, was licking the parmesan off my pizza   fortunately, i'm not a germaphobe "
dangerous liaisons is still one of my all-time favorite movies   i think i like it even more now than when i first saw it 
"yay, happy new year "
"my cat neeva put her head through the handle of a plastic grocery bag and got stuck, then tore through the house, terrified and unable to get away from the horrible noisy thing following her   i had to reach beneath the bed, where she sought sanctuary, to cut the plastic bag off her   it would have been funny if she wasn't so upset   she didn't come out for two hours  cats!"
"stepped outside, well bundled up of course   it's cold!  i like it!"
did some grocery shopping and went a little crazy in the canned soup aisle 
"i got this idea from a friend  its wayback week! everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how cute (lol) we all were! wayback week!"
"for row 2, read the next row up on the graph from left to right "
i yelled at a gangster sliding down a hill because i think i need some serious help 
my douchy downstairs neighbor is playing her music too loud again   >:-e
"was gonna go for a run but oh damn, now i'm hungry   if i eat i'll have to wait another coupla hours, and i won't be able to run tomorrow i don't think     gahhhh "
"just came back from a little run, emphasis on \little \""  but what's important is that i did it   the days where i tried to knock myself out are *over* """
"has your facebook been slow today?  check your application settings, go into \added to profile \""  if you see one in there called \""unnamed app\"" delete it   it's an internal spy bot """
facebook seems glitchy tonight 
walked a total of 3 5 <propmale> today   my dawgs are tard 
there's a ladybug crawling on my monitor 
"steady rain all day   it's pooling and flooding, per usual "
testimonial:  <propfemale>  one betta buffet flakes is an excellent product   my cat newman screams  and cries for a taste when i'm trying to feed the fish 
"omg, it's that time of year -- the cats are blowing their coats all over the place   time to break out the furminator!"
"newman went to the vet for a bladder infection and wound up catching a cold there, which is now spreading to the other cats    sad "
is having trouble adjusting to daylight savings time 
newman is still having trouble with his bladder   back to the vet    sad 
"first concert you attended!  everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb  friends' first concert was  copy & paste this on your profile, then  put your first concert at the end of this sentence    <propfirst> nicks, somewhere in <propfirst>, 1984 or 85"
"newman spent night-before-last at the vet so they could get a sterile urine sample   turns out, there was nothing wrong with him   *sigh*  still, it's good to have him home again and he's been a total cuddle monkey ever since   *<propfemale> love*"
last night some turd let his car alarm go off for an eternity   couldn't hear myself think   i wanted so bad to take a baseball bat to his windshield!  does that make me a bad person?
"\lost\"" keeps getting better and better!  (writing a day late because i watch it online since i don't have a telly )"""
"in belton now, on my way to <propfirst> tomorrow and then back to hyooston "
"my brother and his family are in texas for a visit     due to the  volcano, it doesn't look like they're going back to london as scheduled!"
"oooh-whee, it's coming down!"
"please copy and paste this to your status   if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack   upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the   lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a   smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can      raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
dear missy:  please don't headbutt my hand while i'm taking a sip of coffee   thank you 
"okay dude, it was a mistake to eat while watching trainspotting "
had a big meal from my favorite indian restaurant   now i'm full and sleepy   zzzzzz   
"a study revealed that the kind of face a woman finds attractive on a man can differ depending on where she is in her menstrual cycle  if she is ovulating, she is attracted to a man with rugged and masculine features  if she is menstruating or menopausal, she is more attracted to a man with duct tape over his mouth and a spear lodged in his chest while he is on fire  no further studies are e playful ected  -  smile "
"my indian meal yesterday left me somewhat unimpressed   it had been over a year since i'd been to that restaurant and the flavor wasn't as good as i remembered; plus, it was e playful ensive (luckily i'll get three meals out of it)   so i bought some indian cookbooks and i'll cook it myself   added bonus:  hopefully the smell will piss off my downstairs neighbor   bwaaahaahaaa!"
"fresh strawberries and cream -- yum, yum!"
<propfirst> boreanaz's wife looks like *that* and he *still* cheated on her?  guess i'll never understand men 
"i'm eligible for a phone upgrade, so i'm checking out the smart phones and stuff, and it turns out that i'd be required to take on a plan with a $80 monthly <propmale>   i can't afford that!"
"dude, about a decade from now, remind me not to inject weird stuff into my lips   mmmkay?  thanks   (watching <propfemale> newton-john on \glee \"")"""
had some sushi -- nom nom!  but why does wasabi make the top of my scalp prickle?
i want a coke   talk me out of it 
pet society and hotel city are all kinds of messed up today 
"please put this on your status if you know, \or are related to, someone killed on the death <propfemale>  my wish for 2010 is\ that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a band of \murdering scum  the empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but \these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white   93% won't \copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one \hour?"
i'm taking a couple of days off running because my knee's paining me 
"i've watched nearly half of perfume:  the story of a murderer, and i'm not sure i want to watch the rest "
"it's pouring, which is good because they were talking drought already   the thunder and lightning scared poor peep    smile "
"we lost power shortly after my last update, so i jumped in the shower while the water was still hot and went to see ironman   it was good   by the time i returned, the power was restored, yay "
harman kardon soundsticks ii are possibly the kewlest speakers i've ever laid eyes on -- and they're mine!  bwaahaaa!!
"says i got three bitches! bitch one cooks my food  bitch two does my laundry, and bitch three reads my status updates  i see you're doing your job bitch!"
posting an update that takes up my entire wall is a surefire way to get yourself hidden or deleted   don't do it 
"i washed my comforter and draped it over some chairs to let it dry, and the kitties think it's a fort "
lost finale tonight   *cries*
"there were some kids with flashlights in the parking lot, poking beneath the cars with a broom and hollering, trying to catch an armadillo   i went outside and told them to leave it alone   what the *hell* is wrong with people?!  and where the hell are their parents?  is this what i have to look forward to all summer?!"
"yes, yes, yes!  i found a place to get rid of all my old computer stuff!  goodwill computer works   and it's just down the street from me!"
"alright, i love animals and stuff, but opossums have got to be the freakiest creatures i've ever seen in my life    playful "
neeva was caterwauling again and <propfemale> fixed her with the icy glare of doom   shut neeva right up   heh 
"yeah, that's right, i post about my cats!  so?  i do what i want!"
"uh-oh, it appears i've developed a reputation as the go-to lady for all your cat needs  a woman named <propfirst> knocked on my door at 2 a m  and gave me a kitten, saying she can't keep it   all-righty, then!  i've already got too many myself; i guess i'll take him to caps tomorrow "
"update:  so, i took the kitten to cap yesterday morning but they're so full that they couldn't assure me he'd be adopted   i couldn't leave him there to die, so this morning i'm taking him to my vet for a fiv feleuk test, a rabies shot, and whatever else they do to kittens   need to set up a neutering appointment too   after that, we'll see how it goes "
"i think i'm going to name the new kitten <propmale>   unless there are any other suggestions?  a 4-month-old oriental mix (wedge-shaped head, big ears), black with toffee amber colored eyes "
"ooops, changed my mind   the new kitten's name is <propmale>   just seems to suit him   he's doing better after getting a lot of rest after the jabs he received at the vet "
"oh for heaven's sake!  i'm terrible at naming things!  i guess it's good i never had a baby   i'm vacillating between <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst> or loki for the new kitten   loki, the norse god of mischief, fits to a t   this cat is a whirling dervish!"
*really* sick of hearing about <propfirst> <propmale>   stupid media saturation b s 
"my ups person has had a parcel in his truck since thursday and hasn't delivered it   all i know is, if i don't receive it tomorrow, ups will receive a very shitty phone call from me  >:-e"
good thing about having a kitten in the house is that none of the canned cat food goes to waste -- he eats every little bit (everyone else has gotten finicky on me)   that guy can pack it away!  it's good though; he was so skinny 
hope <propmale> enjoys his last day intact   d'oh!
"ugh     whose bright idea was it to go grocery shopping on a holiday weekend?  oh right, it was mine   and i forgot something!"
"whoa, a raccoon just walked up to my front door   i was sitting by the window and he was about three feet away   i've never seen one up close before!  he was big and kinda scary "
"aw, <propmale>'s grownup teeth are coming in   they grow up so fast!"
women are angels   and when someone breaks our wings    we simply continue to fly    on a broomstick    we're flexible like that   
pet society:  i want to thank everybody who helped peep get her pink playhouse   it's fab!   smile 
facebook is acting weird 
ups lost my package   they said to contact the shipper   the shipper said to contact ups   *pissed off*
is the yahoo network down?  i can't get into my email or flickr accounts 
one of my cats got ass on me 
i ordered munnies   ups lost them   it's been over a month and a half   just placed a shitty phone call to kidrobot   why why why   not worth it   i don't even want the damn things anymore 
it was nice to see everyone at the reunion last night!
back in hyooston 
punkin and <propmale> are tear-assing around the place   you'd never guess that <propmale> lost his nuts two days ago    surprise 
sure is a good thing i like beans and franks   :-\\
there's a young possum on my stoop   what's he doing out at this hour?
i can't figure out a vintage skipper pattern and it's driving me nuts    playful 
"power just came back on (ten after midnight) after going out at six-ish due to a thunderstorm   glad to have it back   having no power just paralyzes a person   i did go see a movie, inception   it was confusing "
"<propmale> sank his fang deep into my hand today, for the second time   right as the first one healed   i've about had it with that godforsaken cat "
pirates ahoy:  where do you find the last piece of the statue?  i've been digging for days!
"newman, peep and <propfemale> are six years old today!"
why do i dislike sewing on snaps so much?
"sushi for lunch, with soy sauce and lots of wasabi   nom, nom!!"
<propmale>'s eyeballing my fish tank 
"25 years ago today, i went to boot camp in parris island, sc "
who invented set-in sleeves?  because i don't like sewing them!  grrrrrr   
i think i bit off more than i can chew with this stupid doll dress    playful 
autumn has *finally* arrived in <propmale>!  thank gourd!!
"the dude at the mcdonald's drive-through window looked and sounded just like that guy who sang \the humpty dance \"""""
i think i've come down with a cold    playful 
"i think <propmale> jeong is my favorite guy, ever   <propmale> jeong, will you marry me?  lol"
"so, those munnies i ordered in june arrived *today*   okay   ?"
"dude, i don't know about you but i'm totally hating ruthless on la ink "
"1 \ go to google maps  2  go to \get directions \""3  type japan as the start\",edd7187f82b88e8c1cb2954dc44b0d58,pet society:  i just bought 13 win lose boxes and they were all pies!  >:-e
"thank you, everyone, for your wonderful birthday wishes!  it was a good day!   smile "
planning on indian buffet for lunch today   come to mama!
"\trying on jeans is my favorite thing   maybe later i can get a pap smear from an old male doctor \""  --<propfemale> lemon"""
i'm feeling the need for some beer and potato chips right now 
time for my walk   it's freezing out there   day before yesterday it was 80   whateya gonna do?
"anyone play crime city?  if so, send me an invite!   smile "
someone tell me to get off my ass and go exercise 
"okay, i went "
"watching season 3 of \the wire\"" on dvd    it's great seeing agent broyles drop the f-bomb!!"""
playing some jazz on the radio and it has the chilled the cats right out!  hilarious!
"navy federal credit union just wrote to thank me for being a member for more than a quarter of a century   thanks, nfcu, for making me feel old "
our opinions of ourselves gets in the way of actually being ourselves 
putting off going for a run   why -- do i think it'll get any warmer?
man     i didn't even know the <propfemale> globes were on last night    
and the winner for best dress [in my humble estimation] is     <propfemale> mirren!  that lady's a class act 
annoyed that i can't skip past the stupid movie previews on this dvd!  that's bullshit!
"well, <propfemale> bit <propmale>'s paw and it's swollen to twice its size  took him to the vet and now i'm $175 lighter   <propmale> is resting comfortably "
watching the movie <propfemale> with <propmale> on my lap 
why is my internetz so slow?
"earlier tonight i fell while i was running, and i think i broke my ankle    sad "
help!  i've got five cats laying on me and it's so hot under here!
i can comfortably go for another 20 years without eating chicken mcnuggets 
i put the leftover chicken mcnuggets out on the porch and the possum's eating them right now 
"omg, my downstairs neighbor called the guardhouse again, complaining about noise i'm *not* making   get a life, woman!"
"\fringe\""!  (a day late )  woo-hoo!"""
