74080335e9bd6909dc3fc07708dc2cb6
"rain rain go away, come again another (much later) day "
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!
"wow, just wow "
why is it so slow today? is it because nobody can find the store?
"were saaaaaved! its just a boulder  its not a boulder,! its a rock!"
dinner was amazing  thank you <propfemale> 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
vacation!  smile 
"smores with jumbo marshmellows, yum "
there was so much blood! it was everywhere! it looked like a crime scene  dad says he aint saw that much blood since the big war 
huzzah! rain!
"well, we have pleased galadrial, and the wood elves (the wood police) have not come to kick us out   smile "
the tree that was struck by lightning has healed very well  you almost cant tell that it was hit at all 
"day 5 over, awsome day  night all "
"yeah! more rain  makes it kinda hard 2 cook over a fire  but alas, what would a camping trip be without a downpour?"
got the beach all to ourselves  i love swimming in the rain!
well today is day 6  our last full day here  i am going to miss it 
end of the last day  it has been a amazing week  now back to reality 
hell yeah! bought a boat for $2500
"hope fades\into the world of night\through shadows falling\out of memory and time\don't say: «we have come now to the end»\white shores are calling\you and i will meet again"
"lay down\your sweet and weary head\night is falling\you’ve come to journey's end\sleep now\and dream of the ones who came before\they are calling\from across the distant shore"
<propfirst> is so totally my cats bitch  smile   she totally has him whipped 
"why do you weep?\what are these tears upon your face?\soon you will see\all of your fears will pass away\safe in my arms\you're only sleeping"
had a wonderful night with his bro 
"work 6-2 tomorrow, it's gonna be another long one "
mangos is amazing! the pizza is the best  i would like to thank <propfemale> for the suggestion 
"just got back from seeing \the other guys  \"" it was a fantastic movie  it was so funny  a must see by my standards   smile """
"inception was unbelievable  just, purely, a fantastically mind-blowing movie "
had a wonderful day with his father and brother  thank you both 
cant wait for the storm   smile 
watching the patriot  awesome movie 
just saw machete  flipping sweet movie 
batman under the red hood is a freakin epic movie 
"whenever i find myself about to do something morally questionable, i sit back in my favorite chair, and i think quietly to myself, \what would batman do?\""  and then i do that """
is not excited for today's shift 
is happy his shift is over 
this season of top gear is going to be great 
what to be? there are so many options 
got mortal combat vs  dc universe today  good game but i can't figure out the whole fatality thing  all that i can manage to do is touch them and then they fall over  real epic 
"well, i'm going to be green lantern for halloween  as for <propfirst>, well i have only one word           quailman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"so, who's being what for halloween?"
"a person has 100 wishes  a cancer patient only has one - to get better  i\know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my \friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for\an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are \         still   fighting it"
had a great day at the ren faire 
"ugh, just got the damn internet back, no facebook, no email, no texting from the ipod, or the phone because i live in a dead zone  no netflix, no runescape,\ sorry bryan\""  you never realize how much the internet contributes to until it's gone """
quailman outfit going well 
"ok, time for a poll, everyone knows that quailman has two white stripes on his cape, <propfirst> says nay, all in favor of putting the stripes on his cape anyway, say aye  all those who say leave it alone and be untrue to quailman, say nay "
bored in downtown mystic
"wtf snow, i just love waking up and the first thing that i said was what, try again "
forgot my wallet today  you never realize how much you use it until you dont have it 
poor <propmale> attempted a move that was above his level  the backlash was just too much for him to handle 
watching top gear  booyah!
to everybody that was in on the plan between me and <propmale> for when i graduated  it is going down saturday night! give me a shout if you know what i'm talking about and you want to go 
"change\ your fb profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to \not see a human face on fb until monday, dec 6th  join the fight against\ child abuse  copy & paste on your status and invite your friends to\ do the same"
yay a day off!
yay got the christmas tree up and i got me a copy of lego batman for five dollars  pre ordered dc universe online game  it was a good end to my monday 
"i love being secret <propfemale>  it came in  it's flipping awesome  everybody that knows anything, don't say nothing to nobody "
"ugh, so bored, bed i guess "
"i love watching people who keep making the same mistakes, wether it be in a game or what have you, and then they can't figure out what they are doing wrong and why they are getting nowhere "
night everybody 
"ugh, what to do "
i love wrapping presents 
"it's not the breath you take,\the breathing in and out,\that gets you through the day, \ain't what it's all about,\you just might miss the point, \trying to win the race, \it's not the breath you take,\but the moments that take your breath away "
"today was a good day  <propmale> with a friend, and reunited with an old one "
"i'm pissed, first total lunar eclipse to coincide with the winter solstice since 1554, and its $@&:!?& snowing outside!!!!!!!!!!!"
"the president of the united states closed down the last remaining submarine base in the country, located in groton connecticut  when asked why he had done such a thing he responded that \those funny little black ships just kept sinking anyway \"""""
<propfemale> christmas
my socks smell like crunchberries!!
0 o hmmmm
hau’oli makahiki hou
watching firefly!!!! booyah!
"ohhhh, i'm gonna go to the special hell "
watching firefly again! booyah!!
today is gonna suck 
<propfemale> treader anyone?
voyage of the <propfemale> treader was a great movie 
"ok, i'm liking the cape "
dc universe online! i can't wait 
green hornet marathon on sci fi tuesday
"three days off in a row again, what to do, what to do  to the playstation!"
today is annoying 
"its not about luck, its about skills!"
"its only the end of the world, i dont see why everybody is freaking and making such a fuss over it "
"i shudder at the thought of nyquil, but i must admit, the crap works "
watching rugby!
we are the wolf pack!
top gear marathon for the next three days!
what the hell is this! i remember them being better in the 90s  this is just sad 
sup
in a warcrafty mood  i think 
i got <propfirst> on my airsoft team!
its a beautiful day today  to bad im stuck at work till its over 
free at last!
i just vaccumed an oven 
happy valentines day 
today is just dragging 
in so glad today is over 
and then mini vacation was over 
why is it that break is the quickest part of the work day?
time for another three day vacation  huzzah!!!
i enjoy army of two 
sons of guns tonight!
its very busy today  everybody just seems to be in a hurry 
"just saw the new karate kid for the first time, they did the original justice  it was an awesome movie "
"i love days off, i just got up  what did i miss?"
just learned how to clean and strip my springfield! good day 
sons of guns!!!
this day is just flying by 
outside looks like crap  again 
anybody own a spare forestock for a springfield m1903a3 30- 06?
day off tomorrow!
two days off! i dont know if its a good thing or not tho 
barn island boat launch  i love it here 
gotta love fridays  heading to the woods after work 
why!!!???? is it snowing 
watching top shot on history!
snow!
"if you dont know where you're going, you might end up somewhere else "
"that's what we do here, we convert guns and make them mo' better "
just got fallout new vegas!
