a28579f232bda81f76a804ffa5e3e8f0
2010 -- i'll let you know on january 8th exactly how this year's going to go  smile  all bets are on fantastic!
is excited about the new baby in the family! congratulations <propfemale>! (and <propfemale> and <propmale>  laugh )
"is getting some face time with her best <propmale>, venting, and thinking about a great grandbaby blanket for nanny "
thinks the saddest part of <propfirst> <propmale>'s death is the fact that everyone forgot that <propfemale> fawcett died--and she was a worthwhile person 
is convinced that our family makes the most beautiful babies imaginable--we come from good stock guys  smile 
is getting a tan and deciding where her next tattoo would look best  smile 
is driving the last rental available in wilmington   apparently 
is contemplating her hair   
walked 8 <propmale> yesterday and is doing 13 1 on sunday-- training for the next 1 2 marathon she's doing in september!
is looking for something that may or may not be there  it's not something any boolean operator will fix   
is trying to figure out when she can afford her tattoo  smile 
is so glad to not be working today  she's beat 
is ready to see nanny and show off her nephew to everyone at work!
is safe and sound in south alabama  she likes fitting in with all her bama people but also likes being one of a kind in nc  laugh 
thinks a parenting exam ought to be issued before allowing people to procreate  morons 
is so ready for her 8 day stretch to be over  smile 
"is super excited about the first game of the season, 09 05 09, against <propfemale> tech--and she will be watching it in <propfemale> w  her parents, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!!!"
is trying to figure out why people have to make really simple situations so freaking complicated ???
is waiting for someone to fit into the soundtrack of her life  posers need not apply  please see music preferences for details 
wants all these plates to stop spinning so she can be a successful person--not just someone in transit 
"is super  she walked 13 1 <propmale>, got a medal, took a nap, is going shopping, and then having a party  all she has left to say is roll tide!!!"
is anticipating fall--fall is always a very happening time for her   
is apparently in a semi-constant state of confusion  the only thing she's sure about is her football team  that never waivers 
wishes <propfirst> swayze would have rescued her from the corner and shown her the time of her life  he was a fantastic actor   
"is ready to kick it into gear, the holidays can just bring it on because i'm ready "
wonders how she ever ended up with the crazy elephant head girl as a best friend   talk about une playful ected  smile 
is hangin out with her family for the weekend  smile 
"is broke, but owns a fabulous new pair of black high heels "
is excited  roll tide!!!!!
"thinks someone should mention to <propmale> tebow that he will, in fact, have to play at least one more worthy opponent this season (shocker, i know)  she looks forward to seeing <propmale> <propfirst> sit on him on december 5th  roll tide! that is all "
"wants to know why 14 hundred people want to visit the library 15 minutes before it closes  she wonders why they think they will be the only ones \slipping\"" in real quick  duh """
is ready  bring on the hectic days ahead 
"is anticipating january 7th, 8pm  bring it texas, bring it  smile "
had a good christmas with her family  she's currently typing a message on a shiny new laptop that doesn't take 3 minutes to load every <propfemale>  smile  life is looking up 
"wants to get it together in 2011, it just didn't happen in 2010  she kept up in 2010, she wants to thrive and succeed for the next 365 days "
how to win me over in 2 5 seconds flat: say roll tide!
yep  this is going to be a good year  roll tide  smile 
"wants to rip it off, that's all, just rip it off and be done with it "
wants to know what her avatar would look like  smile 
thinks that birthday gift shopping sounds like a good plan  she wishes pitta would call her back!
can't wait for next season  sad  what will she do until august?
is trying to tear herself away from the computer and go to sleep like she ought to 
needs to recharge  she's exhausted   
"is contemplating people  motives, ignorances, flaws   "
wants wal-mart to go away  far far away  help 
"mr  bigstuff, tell me who do you think you are, mr  bigstuff? you ain't never gonna get my love"
"president obama has proposed a 1 4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011  this is the lowest since 1973! nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation, while war is fought in 2 theatres, our men and women in uniform get a lower pay increase than welfare recipients  please repost if you support our troops "
"someone told me long ago there's a calm before the storm,  i know; it's been comin' for some time   when it's over, so they say, it'll rain a <propfemale> day,  i know; shinin' down like water "
can't wait to open the pool  smile  1 more month  smile   smile   smile 
e tu brute?
wonders sometimes if the people she aims messages towards are intelligent enough to understand them  all signs point to no 
is getting back to the basics  it's kinda feeling good : )
is trying very hard  it's like balancing plates on skinny poles while riding a unicycle on a tight rope   and gargling the <propfemale> spangled banner 
"is contemplating the treadmill behind her    to jog or not to jog   tune in tomorrow, for the rest of the story"
is incredibly sad  appalled and sad 
"is still sad about her poor sweetheart <propfemale>, but she's moving on to the anger stage of grief  beware "
is trying to squeeze her stuff into a teeny weeny space  well   procrastinating trying to squeeze her stuff into a teeny weeny space 
"just wants things to be the way she sees them in her head, it would be so much easier "
would like to extend an invitation  be as blunt and simple spoken as possible  talking in code gets old 
"is feeling optimistic about summer camp, especially since she dodges the swimming pool this week  smile "
hates psychology  it e playful lains everything and nothing all at the same time ???
"will fall short of an important goal on wednesday, but will wake up on thursday and keep on trying  smile "
got sunburned on father's day while ignoring instuctions to use sunscreen (given by her father)  irony burns 
watched eclipse with good friends and family tonite  two thumbs up : )    now where do i sign up for a <propmale> black of my very own?
"washed her car and got a tan today, which was nice considering how much whiter than normal people she always starts out "
played rummy until 2am  cards makes her happy : )
"is praying for strength, willpower, endurance, gumption, and initiative  i don't need my problems fixed, just the tools to fix them "
wants football season to get here already  roll tide!!!
"needs something   not sure what but she figures the first step to getting it is admitting it isn't there   lol, now somebody yell hot, cold, or warm so she can figure out what it is!"
wants to rewind time and skip the damn staff meeting  for real 
": so like, bought a cheap pair of ballet flats for work, found my local library card, and got to see french kiss on tv  the verdicts in--the weekend is off to a good start  now tan me, sun, tan me  : )"
"is a <propmale> bit irritated with people, but whatever "
likes red toe nail polish and blue jeans 
"d-r-a-m-a  you think you get to an age where it no longer exists, and then someone 15 years your senior proves you wrong "
wishes her body would spit out all this sickness already  yuck 
wants her hair styling products to be un-discontinued! (imagine her look of panic)
is looking up grad school programs that she might be interested in  any suggestions?
"says bring it on treadmill, bring it on   just maybe don't bring it on as hard as usual because i'm still healing  bring it on nicely  there "
"knows she can't fix, change, or undo the past  so why is that the only thing she wants? hermione granger, <propfemale> me the goods "
"wishes on stars, throws <propfemale>'s in fountains, holds her breath under tunnels, and blows out all her candles  so e playful lain her life "
thinks that she misses some old friends sometimes 
"is thinking about coffee, praying that nothing shady comes out about his departure from the 49ers  because she can respect someone turning away from the life everyone else chooses for them to follow their own heart, but she can't respect someone that lies to save face  fingers crossed "
says woohoo! going to stay at the beach and not have to get up 2+ hours early to get to work on time!
had a great time with family at the beach house! she's just a little confused as to why she gets great wireless internet but can't keep a phone call for more than 5 minutes ??? aren't they the same signal???
wants to write two hundred pages by christmas  pray for her 
is frustrated  the longer she's out of college the more she feels like she's not succeeding   eh   
"bama 48-3 over san <propfirst>, penn state next!"
"fall is sad   there are fleeting moments where fall is enjoyable, but for the most part it's just sad   and full of nostalgia and this mostly bitter bittersweetness that won't go away   "
"this old house is falling down around my ears\i'm drowning in a river of my tears\when all my will is gone you hold me sway\i need you at the dimming of the day\\you pull me like the <propfemale> pulls on the tide\you know just where i keep my better side\\what days have come to keep us far apart\a broken promise or a broken heart\now all the <propfemale> birds have wheeled away\i need you at the dimming of the day"
whoever heard of a nittany lion anyway?
says it's game day!!! : ) roll tide
"says way to go bama, it's hard when you're playing against the referees"
wants her cell phone signal to come back : ( please don't take the outside world away from her!
   really? are you kidding me?
"never wants to go back to work again, is there anyone out there that can arrange that for me?"
"is ready ready ready ready, ready to run! all i wanna do is have some, fu-u-u-u-un!    uh   but she doesn't have time right now so she's taking a raincheck   cuz it's wednesday, not friday"
"says, hey blue devils! roll tide!!!"
"says the seasons are changing again  the leaves may not turn in eastern nc, but there are other ways to gague it "
just watched the season premier of the biggest loser and laughed her ass off with her brother and sister  i'm never signing up for anything with either one of your crazy asses!
"thinks she wants to go to the fair in a couple weeks with some good friends  in fact, it's on the top of her to do list "
"says roll tide! nearly died, six times, but roll tide! and bring it on gators!"
"would just like to point out to all the bama haters one thing--if it was easy, who the hell would want it?"
"can't wait til 8 o'clock tomorrow night! kickoff, bama florida!!!"
"is proud of alabama--after their reality check last week against arkansas, they really needed a confidence boost to prepare them for their away game against the gamecocks next week  and way to go <propmale> mcelroy: back to the smart, well executed,  and methodical play making that got you where you are! roll tide!"
"would like to sleep and sleep and sleep and sleep, all the way to christmas-time "
needs a haircut 
"had a great time out with friends! can't wait for tomorrow, roll tide!!!"
is ready for the rest of the season! one loss doesn't count us out of the chase--and we're gonna learn from our mistakes and come back and win the sec! roll tide!!!
"just got scared out of her whosey whatsits by a baby possum that reminded her of a terrifying \not-scary\"" movie she just watched  it coulda killed her  and it wouldn't get out of the garage!"""
wants the terrible nostalgic feeling of october to just go away  is it really only halfway over?
can't believe she has to wait 11 hours to watch her came at 10 o'clock at night  that's just crazy talk!
"woooooooo! nebraska lost, ohio state is behind! auburn won but 2 3 ain't bad, now roll tide roll!"
alright now--what the h is offense doing? i mean i figure we'll get through this game but this just isn't gonna cut it against lsu and auburn  geez! bama on top at the half~roll tide~
is ready for 6pm tuesday 
is headed to ga in t-minus 27 hours!
"is back from <propfemale>! she had a great time hanging out in the sick <propmale> with her family, lol--and bama kicked some tennessee tail on the way home! roll tide!!!"
"just got home after terror town with friends  she nearly jumped out of her moving car when a bat flew in front of it  life should be fun for the next few weeks, lmao   "
is excited about bama vs lsu--roll tide!
"is going places  she wants to visit all 50 states by the time she's 30, so give her a call and make some plans!"
"would like to use a lot of curse words but she friended her parents on facebook : ) so instead she will say roll tide, and good night "
is going through tuscaloosa withdrawl  she wants to go to a game in the motherland   
is t-minus 12 hours away from good friends and <propmale> potter!  smile 
"is laughing at herself, which is supposedly healthy, so here's to botched plans and memory loss  smile "
"is irritated with ignorant, stupid people at the moment, but not as irritated as <propmale> saban was with mccarron  i mean, he spanked him on national television   surprise  yikes"
could write a thousand pages and never capture exactly what she meant to mean 
had some pretty amazing moments this weekend--let's hope there's more of them in her future  smile 
is less than 4 days away from the biggest game of the season--roll tide!!! everyone throw out your orange stuff!
everyone pull out all those red and white christmas decorations and go to town! orange was over in october--roll tide!
"<propfemale> beecher stowe said, \never give up"," for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn \""\"a28579f232bda81f76a804ffa5e3e8f0,"if anyone gets a chat from me and i tell you to follow a link--don't do it! it's a hacker!\\*~roll tide roll~*"
"thinks it's hilarious  she prays, and asks for guidance, but sees no direction  just miserable miserable confusion "
wants to know who bama plays for a bowl game  fingers crossed for boise state  smile 
why is everyone's profile picture a cartoon? what's going on?
1 1 11@1: capital one bowl: bama vs  michigan state  laugh  yes!
wants <propfirst> to come home!!! she misses his little behind : (
"is ready for this week to have a happy ending, bring it on saturday!"
is thankful she stepped on a piece of broken ornament and cut her foot 
is amused by the results of the heisman race--apparently these people *like* to repo their hardware  ridiculous 
"is going back on prevacid, asap  the alternative = pain "
is excited about christmas and already has a bunch of super cool gifts!
"is an aunt, again!  smile "
had too much fun  smile 
"loves it when stupid people speak to her--really, i mean it's great to hear the hypocritical ridiculous words come out of their unintelligent mouths  what's really funny is the look on their face when you don't give a damn what they're saying  just don't laugh, they might go caveman and take a swing "
"had a let down last night  the ducks very nearly came back and then the thieving cheats turned around and won it anyway  oh well, the whole thing is still pending investigation anyway, so roll tide! stick it to him ncaa!"
just realized she's going to be 26 in 3 months  gross  she doesn't feel that old 
re-read the whole <propmale> potter series--it was even better than the last time!
"completed more than 3000 hula hoops on the wii fit today--abdominals, prepare to burn!"
ran over a racoon on the way home from work     sad 
"1oclock in the mornin & im lying here awake\grasping the few pieces u managed not 2 break\hit me with ur best shot is the running refrain\but it gets harder 2 hear it as u desecrate my name\when did u become so bitter so hateful so low\was there a moment in ur life when i earned this part in the show\&if its truly been an earned hate then ill beg u just 1 thing\forgive me for my trespasses & end this torturing"
"is soooooo happy for <propfirst> x 2! now we can start planning, yay!!!!!!!!!!"
has been researching wilmington all day  people are greedy is what she's deduced  $2500 to stand in your room with a friend in a white dress? and it used to be a feed store? get outta here 
is feeling unrelaxed this weekend  is it bad if you feel like it's been too short when it barely started?
needs a dvd cam-corder or a digital cam-corder   anyone wanna <propfemale> one to her for a couple days?
"is going to train until she can talk over <propfemale>, if that doesn't prepare her, nothing will  smile "
is planning 3 roadtrips in the next 4 weeks--wish her luck!
just wrote out what bills go with which pay day for next month  moral of the story: she can't <propfemale> out until april  smile 
"is going to sleep, she has to get on the road at 5am! fingers crossed  smile "
ready for nashville this weekend!
"is back from <propmale>  no call back x 3   lousy results, pretty fun trip though, so not gonna get down about it  video time, then it's back to the gym for me  i can do it, i can do it, i can do it!"
is sure she wants to do karaoke in her bl video--who wants to go?
"because if life was like a movie, i wouldn't need a coat  my makeup would stand up to tears and chivalry wouldn't get old  the days would pass in minutes, and the nights would pass with friends  oh if life was like a movie, i'd already know the end"
