e661c665c4f35d65b3f59330c232a26c
cant sleep     n have no mindless video games to play ><
needs attention  sigh  really needs attention  and needs dreamweaver to stop bugging out   sigh    technology sucks when you really think about it ;p
y r men such a pain in the       gah  n they dont even realize it gah!
sdfknraskm n<propfemale>';okdf m<propfemale> 'aeoilr nma'lk <propfemale> 'rinfg
dissapointment
would u get to ur computer!!!!
happiness
contentment
"relaxed, happy, and finally breathing steady     so much stress starting to go away"
"anticipation, glorious anticipation of really really good things   smile "
"sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeepytime, g night world"
"off to bed soon, excited to have coffee with <propfemale> tomorrow!!  love "
disappointed
"in a very good mood, despite the drama going on in the front room with the guys lol"
"doooooo your ears <propfemale> low? do they wobble to and fro? can you tie em in a knot? can you tie em in a bow? can you throw them over your shoulder like a continental soldier? do your ears    <propfemale>    low? lol stupid ice cream man, now its stuck in my head >< "
lol i got <propfemale> hooked on uno!!! rofl
writing is fun but exhausting
<<< is finding it very difficult to edit chapter 1 with <propfirst>'s stupid brother cursing and screaming in the other room because he can't seem to win at a dumb video game! (half tempted to go throw raw eggs at him!)
graaaahh why are boys so stupid and loud for nnnoooo reason? i cant concentrate!!!
i'd say men      but    no
anyone have ear plugs?  sad 
can't sleep   
"im not gonna have net very often, so if u need to get a hold of me, or wanna say something, send me a message, instead of writing on my wall  im more likely to get it that way  take care "
joy's of life eh?
packing sucks 
trying to figure out everything i need to do b4 i leave for oz   
waitin 4 my berries to grow
"first day of work tomorrow afternoon, should get some sleep now lol "
sad that i didnt make it to the river
"tired, closing took a lot longer than e playful ected, and i hate having to stand all day in flip flops     were not allowed to wear tenne shoes "
"tired and on my way to bed, a prayer for kimmie and the clark smith green family, hope you can do the same "
"sad, lost my phone  sad , happy getting my clutch fixed, also happy kimmy is better     guess the good out weighed the bad today  pretty good day "
"just thinking, what i would be doing if i were in australia right now "
good mood  things just seem lighter today  kind of nice
is going to the city with <propfemale> to see joelie
could rly use some dayquil><
cant send neighbor request for fishville    add me as neighbor?  smile 
"me: \i vote we play the 'lets not irratate mom game'\"" andrew annoyed ""ok    but i warn you    i looove to irratate you\""' rofl!"""
needs attention    bored 
"agitated, bored, restless, and tired of waiting on other people  sigh"
sketchbooketh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol its like a highschool reunion on facebook for me today  smile  waterfall effect lol
is it strange when your 5 year old barks in their sleep? lol
grrrrrr
"i need to learn to sleep, too much anti christ conspiracy theory on youtube ugh"
white
pink now 
my turn for black!
so tired
does not feel well
"i don't think, that things can continue like this  something has got to change for the better and stay that way  is life really supposed to be this hard? i mean i am a fairly happy person despite, ( i mean i have my moments but don't we all) but come on    seriously? can i catch some pocket aces or something, hell i'd even settle for a pair of jacks    but something      cause these cards aren't cutting it "
leeeeeeeerrrrrrrroooooooooyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy jjjjjjjjeeeennnnnnnnnkkkkiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnsssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm not away!!! lol
sleep well world 
i need a knight in shining armor 
"would like to be first on someones priority list instead of being the one trying to cram others on mine, and then getting ditched when im not good enough "
way too early in the morning to be getting up for me ugh
well good night  i suppose   
"still waiting for the ever responsible holbrook yet supposedly overflowing to call with the school andrews supposed to go to, which was supposed to happen last week  beginning to think its a good thing hes not going to that school "
"andrews starting kindergarten today, ><, i'm so nervous for him lol "
"ugh off to do laundry, folding, my fav     < < > > heh"
"sleep deprivation, 5 years and counting    "
ugh watching twilight      i want my own <propfirst>   
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  so question is  why arent we helping our own children and people??"
"this is the song that never ends  yes it goes on and on my friend  some people started singing it not knowing what it was, and they continued singing it forever just because this is the song that never ends    "
bored
"tired and aggravated, maybe sleeping for a few more <propfemale> is in order ><"
omg i have got to get out for a night! gonna lose my mind!!!
"baking a chocolate chip cake aj annoyed mommy! my dreams came true!!\"" mom annoyed ""oh ya what dreams are those?\"" aj annoyed ""my dreams of being spiderman look im sticking to the chair!!\""  smile """
"last night aj had a fever, strangest thing happened tho and i dont know what to make of it  he just went completely pale & cold, thin layer of sweat on his face, but even the skin under the blanket went cold,  like he'd been standing outside naked for a few <propfemale>utes  he warmed up after a <propfemale> or so, i haven't noticed it since, and the only thing that he said was that it hurt to move, happened to anyone else?"
a change is in the air  a very necessary one 
"must cook dinner, or they're gonna start eating the table top  peace "
i need some attention  sigh  hanging out with friends and getting no attention sigh lol
"passion weather it be political or religious, holds no more water than a sieve, if your not willing to step up and take action "
"about to use photoshop    illustrator and flash, to create some kind of valentines day master piece,  wink  kinda"
off to make chicken enchilada's  yum yum
"well enchalada's were bootifl, now gotta premake bagel dogs for tomorrow  funfun "
wishing i could travel to a beautiful place 
"disappointed  stuck at home, again by myself on a friday night  i need a better social life "
anyone know of a daycare in the concord area that will provide transportation after school? ^ ^
"i cant find my phone, and its dead, sigh"
"it annoys me that people make videos  and preach in such a fashion that frightens a person into wanting to become a christian  seriously, to scare someone into love is not true love  to prove the love of god, through example, now that is something worth thinking about  no one wants a god that has to scare the love into them, they want to follow a god that loves,"
"im feelin the birthday love here on facebook yay  smile   26 again,  playful "
"well first attempt at making my chocolate rasberry cake   frosting failed miserably  however the remake, of at least the frosting (cake hasnt come out yet but if id doesnt crumble it will rock) is fabulous! they say 3rd times a charm, but for me, 2nd baby!"
needs way more whiskey
"better mood, got to talk to an old friend last night    made me laugh, got to take bug to the store and get him sandals and some shorts  then went to the park for a while, was nice "
wewtness!!!! tha <propfirst> es here!!!
"i love, how for a year and a half ive been searching for a job and getting zero responses    and right when i start getting interviews, finally, my car gets stolen  makes me wanna dance a jig of glee   "
"once upon a time  there were sink men, and all they did all day was wash peoples hands  and one day, out of nowhere all the sink men ran away and no one saw them, except in the museum  then all the scientists got together to find the sink men, and blew up their house! they kept doing e playful eriments and blowing up peoples houses till one day the scientists found all the sink men on an island "
dissapointing weekend with out a car  stuck in the house
"too early, never went to sleep  people  really  suck "
see!!! i done clobbered a fox  thats not all i wanna clobber           
"i need a style  other than grungie dorkness  nothing fits, <propfemale> help!"
"anyone else that is on my fl and is only there to report to <propfemale>, and you in fact dont like me, please feel free to remove me  i am not desperate for friends and dont need people who are there with the intent to stab me in the back  thank you "
"was able to get <propfirst> birthday party stuff, made my day  now, to work on the paper mache ><"
"boys are out playing pool, bug's being a motormouth, and all i wanna do is sleep  oh sweet lovely sleep   "
my buggle is so dang cute!
what i wouldnt give to own a punching bag   
"bored, so very bored  and no i dont wanna do laundry ><"
guess i pissed off the sandman again  hard to sleep more than 2 hours at a time  ugh
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah wanted to go to sleep an hour ago and bug is wide awake >< and not feeling well  sad 
ugh
feels like 2+2 laugh  today
oh how things just got so much more complicated    
"children seldom misquote you in fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said  \unknown author\"""""
guild wars is more entertaining than i remembered  smile 
sometimes a person just needs a little pick me up  
"off to make dinner, feed the bug, and work some more on learning the time consuming, and precise annoyance of rotoscoping   "
"would give my right arm for a job, my left leg for a decent bed, and half of my remaining foot for a car   "
"i need a purpose, i need a job to get up for in the morning, something that gives me a <propmale> at succeeding in life   "
"pain killers are a double edged sword    stomach ache headache dizzyness exhaustion in trade for back wisdom tooth pain? lol, just   lol anyone got some sanity to spare?  playful "
this could beinteresting        let's see how forthcoming my facebook friendsare   leave a one word comment that you think best describes me usingthe third letter of your first name  it can only be one word then copyand paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
via one of my friends  amber alert!!!! alert 3yr old boy taken in stockton by a man driving a 96 bmw plate #98b351nm  keep it going  u would if he was yours
"could use a visit with someone today  i am lost with out my computer, curse that damn virus, my poor photoshop, after effects, and <propfemale>, all unused today  too sad for words"
"hurts my heart a little having to reboot my computer to factory, hopefully the files i managed to save to my external hard drive arent infected, anyone know if sv security suite virus affects normal files? or just applications?"
muaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
straightening my hair is a pain in the rear
"ugh my mornings are far too early, 7am to 8am is buzy!"
"getting cold again, warm mornings were short lived ><"
"trader <propfirst>'s, how shall i get to thee this day     playful "
"seems to be a sleepless night for alot of us  sad state of affairs, maybe it has something to do with the unusually warm night "
making the decision to have a child is momentous   it is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body   ~elizabeth stone
you don't really understand human nature unless you know why a child on a merry-go-round will wave at his parents every time around - and why his parents will always wave back   ~william d  tammeus
someone come kidnap me!!!!!!!!!!!! i dont wanna be home anymore!
don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you   ~robert fulghum
the trouble with learning to parent on the job is that your child is the teacher   ~robert brault
"how many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list?? here's atask for you! i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same to you  you'll be amazed at the results you get   smile  i am pretty sure i do know all of you  playful "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v= laugh 8toajma8q&feature=channel
epic! wewtness!!!!!!!!!
"been working on a project for the majority of the day, im bored and lonely, anyone wanna come visit me?  love   love   love  pwease"
happy monday
frustrated    confused    listening   
off to help bug with homework   
love love being neglected n ignored  fun!
bored
"i have a cold, though i feel a little better this morning, wish people would stop slamming the front door     "
no fever this morning yay  maybe my weekend isnt totally ruined afterall
i like it on my wall
i need company!
"glad to have an answer, now to stop coughing  smile "
"i wish someone could come visit me, im so bored     "
bored bored bored
i wish i had woken up in time to go to church this morning 
"i wish that some people would mind their own business, unless invited, alot of problems would be avoided if that were the case "
"i guess today was just a bad day or something, but im so tired of people flaking on me, constantly saying there gonna do something and dont  especially when its more than one in a day, also, why do people keep pushing an issue after you have already apologized for it, especially when its as stupid as forgetting something in the sink for an hour or two cause your doing like 1000 things!"
sleep is evading me tonight  wonder what i did to the sandman this time  should leave him out some milk and cookies like <propfemale>  playful 
can someone call my phone it seems to be missing ><
sucess found my phone!
sucks when things dont work out the way you hope  sad 
bored n lonely
"is bored, and cant sleep, and even photoshop isnt helping tonight "
"i'm actually kind of loving the rain, its so refreshing"
im so tired of being flaked on  either follow thru or dont make plans  yet another nite im sitting here waiting on a no show
"relaxing today, just gonna be blah,"
sigh   
"haha, go giants, i cant believe that 5th inning!!! incredible to watch!!"
"the bug is going to be darth vader for halloween, haha its so cute, he wanted to be buzz, but we lost that costume lol  then he wanted to be a storm trooper but they didnt have them, so we improvised with darth vader and he was stoked, ive never seen a little boy so into <propfemale> wars its so cute lol  i have also never seen him so encouraged to do his homework, love the holidays, hes like, on his best behavior  playful  haha"
some days you just wanna scream! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh this is one of those days 
"one of my besties is commin over, my day just got a lil happier  smile ), however i can't catch a hand in poker    hope one cancels the other out  playful "
oatmeal chocolate chip cookies mmm mmm good
i so need some coffee
still craving coffee
i am thankful for a temporary car to get to millbrae to see extended family for thanksgiving! and for the wonderful woman who helped me accomplish this!!  love 
on a search for a small chewbacca action figure  that wookie is one of andrews favorite chars  but no one seems to sell him!
"i just don't understand why there are people out there that get their jollies by making other people feel inferior to them, and tearing them down  why do these people enjoy being mean so much  alchohol is the worst thing ever created, my life would be so much simpler if certain people in my life would just put down the bottle   "
"i officially have no pants, other than a pair of sweat pants, my jeans recently got destroyed sad  maybe ill get lucky and ill find 50 bucks on the street to go get more jeans  sad "
"i pull a pizza outa the freezer and <propfirst> sais to me \ mommy are you cooking that delightful delectable pizza for my yummy dinner?\"" lol"""
so peaceful when he's sleeping  i'm gonna miss those day's he's all grown up and too big to cuddle with his mommy 
"hella sick, ugh, with a 6 year old running me ragged, and <propfirst> refuses to get his lazy <propmale> over butt up and help me out with him so i can get a little rest  i love my life "
730am and not a wink of sleep all night  guess i'll start my day 
"no real status, just felt like typing something   "
"*handmade new year resolution kiss  i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must, in turn, post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 "
"i have the need to do something radical with my hair, its been a burning itch for about a year now and i think i am ready to do it    should i surprise you? hmmmm     ( pnutty dont give it away  playful )"
"sometimes, when things get really dark, kind words make for a great flashlight "
"i can't believe i never got to sleep last night  for the third night in a row  well good morning to me, now to get bug ready for school   "
i have a job interview tomorrow! 1 smile 0  crossing my fingers!
"i need to go to the beach! i need to bundle up, bring some music and just sit on the beach for a while  not often you know exactly what you need, now i just need to figure out how to accomplish this   "
"back is killing me, i hope it gets better by tomorrow, i want to enjoy the beach!"
"headed to the beach soon with a friend, wewt <propfemale>!"
cant stay asleep ugh  so tired 
cant find my phone  anyone wanna call it?  smile 
"there was once a young man who, in his youth, professed his <propfemale> to become a great writer  \when asked to define \great\"" he said", \e661c665c4f35d65b3f59330c232a26c,my dreads shall be saved! peace out!  smile 
anyone wanna come over and <propfemale> out? im bored   
"another lung infection, i hate coughing    hate hate hate coughing  did i mention i hate coughing? could live with out the flu symptoms and ear pain too ugh"
omg misery!!!!!!!!!!!!
lets hope im better tomorrow
"<propfirst> almost got suspended for yet again not doing what he is told and refusing to do any schoolwork, and refused to do time out    any ideas?"
i need a camera   
"omgoodeness! hes finally done with his homework  ugh, all those kids that say they hate homework, parents hate it more "
cant sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep wont stop coughing!!!!!!!!!!!!
