57f3d8845d761b4745125017eda1e629
<propmale>'s corndogs smell goooood   lol 
"please keep boxers in your thoughts, prayers, hopes or whatever it is that you do  i think she got attacked by a coon sunday night and she's not up to date on her shots  she's got two infected wounds and we can't afford to take her to a vet so i'm stuck doing home remedies and hoping they help and crossing my fingers that the coon doesn't have rabies  if anyones got any good tips about what to do about it message me "
one of boxers cuts has a swollen lump under it   it looks like the puss hardened and it's probably going to turn into an absses   i'm trying to contact places that will pay for a vet for her   if it goes untreated she might end up dying   she's also not wanting to walk on it at all this morning   i'm afraid that in a few days she won't be able to walk at all    sad 
"just gave boxers her morning peroxide   i  only poured it in the wound thats got the hard ball of puss in it   i squeezed all the puss out i could and poured peroxide on it   she's limping worse now, i hope it's helping her and not making it worse "
boxers is feeling a lot better today   she even felt well enough to climb on moms car lol   its a lot better than she's been doing   the swelling's gone down on the wounds but they still bubble a lot from the peroxide but they look a lot better   unfortananlty she got attacked by a cat today 
boxers is acting 100% better today!  she's been gone walking around most of the day   she actually met me on the porch this morning!  she's still got a slight limp but not bad   she's really feeling and acting more like the <propfemale> i know and love!   smile 
i'm bored   someone call me!  (esspecially if you're verizon!)
i can't believe he's leaving   i'll miss him so much but i know if he stays things will never go back to the way they were 
yep    boxers is now my profile pic!  lol   i love my <propfemale> 
if he cared so much then how come it was so easy for him to run to the next girl that showed interest?
anyone know and cute sweet guys around my age?  lol
"i just made my first cake, lol"
beer solves all of lifes issues   lol
i want biscuits!
yay i made it to florida safely!  lol 
i don't have much internet access so i'm sorry for not being on as much   give me a call!
"it's freaking cold down here!  lol   give me a call, i'd love to talk to you!"
i dropped my phone in the ocean and lost all my contacts   now i have a new phone so feel free to call me so i can get your number again   lol
don't text me        lol   i successfully killed another phone   i still get calls though!
