4c517d27c86e787ac6f0b8dcfdeba614
the only problem with barack obama jokes: his supporters don't think their funny and everyone else doesn't think their jokes 
definately not my year for hunting  let me give you some stats so you can share in my grief  archery season: missed a 6 point   twice  open season: missed a 8 point  muzzleloading season: friday night: missed a 8 point   then missed a 6 point within a half an hour  tonight: missed another 8 point   crying 
just found out i get to baptize my dad tommorow morning  yay!
life is so unfair  i just spent a couple of hours cutting up a <propmale> my dad just shot    out of my blind    while im gone    and after i miss 6 <propmale>s this year
"i consider all of you my friends  so please, take heed to what i am about to write  i am telling you this for your own safety  do not, i repeat, do not take a sip of mountain dew then put it in the freezer and forget about it  please don't  i have had many tramitizing e playful eriences in my life but i think this tops it all  i now leave saying i have warned you "
"hey, just wanted to make sure to let everyone know to not put rc cola in your eye  it hurts a wee bit "
who dat?!?!?!
is watching moby <propmale>
i'll finally be done with algebra next week! score!!
so apparently i was the only person from teenpact mi that went to an alumni event 
"wow  <propfemale> biology, algebra, grammer, spelling, not understanding my greek, and 50 pages of economic worksheets  i'd call that a productive day "
i leave for teenpact mi tommorow!
finally back from teenpact! that was an amazing week!
what can a pizza do that the typical obama backer can't? look below for answer
did you hear about barack obama's middle name? it's hussien  it could've been worse  his middle name might have been <propmale>   wink 
"if obama, pelosi, and <propfemale> <propmale> had to sink on a boat, who would be saved?"
"is going fishing tonight with <propmale> dubaere, <propmale> dubaere, and <propfirst> meinhard for some walleye!"
"oh, to be a farmer in spring!  smile "
"who thinks i can finish my 10th grade english, then do my 11th grade and 12th grade english before may 24 with a grade of an a or higher?  smile "
"unfortunately is unable to fly to nc this year due to cost  but he probably will be driving in a carpool from <propmale>, oh!  smile "
"just got accepted to a shooting match in lansing along with only 2 other people from the state! (so that means i shot really, really, good)!  wink "
sweet! just got my first college call  from phc of course!  smile 
just got back frok a 4-h shooting match in lansing  took 2nd place!!!
listening to a man with a heavy southern accent is liie trying to listen to a democrat  you know that they are saying something but you can't understand a word they say   wink 
god is not a cosmic bellboy for whom we can press a button to get things done  - <propmale> <propmale> fosdick
"what's the difference between bigfoot and an intelligent liberal?\\bigfoot has been spotted before  wink "
"have you ever wondered why obama doesn't pray? well, after a series of tests, the boys in the lab have confirmed it  you can't read a telepropter with your eyes closed  wink "
wow! i can't believe nc is only 12 days away! can't wait to see some people i haven't seen in a long time there!  smile 
this is crazy! only 6 more days till i leave for nc! i am psyched!!!!!!!!!
i've made a goal to myself to lose 15 pounds in 2 weeks    pray for me!!!!! cuz i'm hitting this weight like a hick hits the bottle!
why did kamikaze pilots wear helmets? just curious  smile 
leave for nc tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from nc!!!!!!!!!!! :') so sad but so nice to sleep in my bed!
can you hold my <propfirst>? i think i'm getting a <propfemale>   wink 
"just to let you guys know, the weather rock i bought at nc works perfectly   smile "
just a random thought on my life: i love when i'm driving a tractor down the road and the line of cars behind me can't pass  smile 
"can we pretend the aiplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? you know what, let's not  because that's stupid and i feel like having a life "
"wow, i'm going to be a <propmale> this summer! it feels so weird to say!  laugh "
is training for a 1 mile road race on july 31st!
<propmale> <propmale> = amazingness in a can!
had an awesome day at the beach! too bad i look like a tomato! ;b
happy birthday mom! happy father's day dad!
get siked! get pumped! c'mon raise it up!
got down to 5:45 a mile! still trying to take off 20 or 30 seconds for the road race!
just got back from a <propfirst> tomlin tobymac concert!
elevate was amazing!
discovered just how awesome salient is!  laugh 
happy 4th of july!
234 years! congratulations <propfemale>!
"it was 89 degrees in my room last night with 2 fans and the window open! why lord, why?!?!"
just got done working for 4 hours in 90 some degree weather laying stone and brick
just discovered spreading compost and mulch isn't as fun as it sounds ;b
"lunch: 3 salami sandwiches, a fudgesicle, a bowl of sorbet, waffles with chocolate chips, 2 water bottles, a frozen coke  dinner: 8 slices of pizza and a mountain dew  not bad  smile "
spain beat germany    excuse me while i go cry in the bathroom  crying 
"lunch: 18 slices of cheese bread, a 20 oz pop and 32 oz of juice  not bad  smile "
one of my best friends is moving  annoyed 
i hate cleaning the pool  annoyed  the only thing that makes up for it is jumping in after!  laugh 
just got done having my blood taken
getting ready for the 4-h county shoot tommorow!  smile 
made it for the state 4-h shooting sports competition in  22!  laugh 
i unfortunately just disovered the hard way not to confuse the bleach pen with the stain stick ;b i'll miss you my 2 favorite shirts  crying  r i p 
getting ready for <propmale>'s wedding  rehersal dinner tommorow  smile 
why can't i just finish 11th grade?!?!?!?!?!? ;b
rehersal dinner tonight  wedding tommorow  smile 
"wedding tommorow!! i just hope i don't trip  oh well, the suspenders i get to wear will make up for it  laugh "
"took 5th in silohuette  22, 4th in pellet gun and 3-d archery, 3rd in field  22, 2nd in bb gun, and 1st in muzzleloader at the st  <propfirst> county 4-h shoot  smile "
is rocking the fohawk  playful 
"going to see inception tommorow with <propfirst> demsich , <propfirst> hebert , and <propfirst>  smile "
saw inception yesterday! it was amazing!  smile 
primaries are tommorow!
getting ready to leave on friday  smile 
can someone please tell me how snyder is in the lead?!?!?
just got done packing  leaving tomorrow for at 1  smile 
unfortunately my week long vacation on the other side of the state was cut short  we got a phone call last night at 6 o'clock from my aunt telling us my grandmother just passed away  please pray for us 
got back from the michigan 4-h state shoot  my  22 team got 2nd place!
just got back from funeral mass  it was an      intersting e playful erience  i didn't help that the father had a strong indian accent  annoyed 
why do people in cartoons flip book and magazine pages the wrong way??? this is just one of my many questions about life 
"dissected a clam today  somehow, i now feel more important than sea life"
friday the 13th   just my luck  playful  lol
i have to go get bloodwork done in the morning   grrr ;b
"just got back from vacation! i can now say i've seen a car get t-boned 20 yards in front of me and i have eaten a \super pig\""   alone   in 23 minutes  yes   smile """
point of order! teenpact rules  smile 
has an in-grown fingernail  ouch ;b
saw the other guys today! will ferrell is hilarious  laugh 
happy birthday jaelynn dubaere! i love you!  smile  p s  7 years old is way too old!
just got done disking some fields  now i'm being bored  just like every friday night  playful 
just got done working in the field  smile 
worked out today  i feel like such a beast now!
i do not feel good at all!  sad 
the last meeting of the 4-h year is tonight!
randomly just thinking about all my amazing teenpact friends  smile 
just woke up from a nap  smile 
this is dedicated to all my friends who have to go back to school: *ahem* haaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!  laugh 
random thought: can you say you've fixed a broken window shade with two bent forks? i can  laugh 
is watching the mentalist! amazing!!
another day of farming sucessfully completed! 3rd most dangerous job in the world? bring it on agriculture! ;b
lsu!  laugh 
it's september 4th and i'm wrapped up in a blanket  that's wrong!
another long day of farming finally over  smile 
drinking a half-frozen <propmale> <propmale>  the best thing since sliced bread
finally back on facebook  i don't reccomend not going on facbook for a week because you might find some things that suprise you when you get back 
"honestly, have any of you used facebook friend finder??"
finished all my worldview for high school and i'm about to finish my history for high school!
leaving friday for a weekend of hunting  laugh 
farming=amazing   just sayin'  playful 
change of plans: leaving tomorrow morning to go hunting then returning tomorrow night 
"just got back from duck hunting! 10 shots, 2 hits, 0 kills  annoyed  not my best streak"
just sliced my finger tip open earlier  annoyed  i most likely will be wearing gauze for a while
just got done shooting trap  my finger's still killing me  annoyed 
<propfemale> jealous of all you guys who got to go to back to dc  playful 
can't wait for the new season of the mentalist to start tonight!  laugh 
just got done hunting  i missed two bucks today  annoyed  this morning i missed and we figured out my gun was not sighted in properly and tonight i missed again because of a gun malfunction  annoyed  not my day
just finished my geometry!! yes!  laugh  now for algebra 2  annoyed 
my water bottles now taste like mothballs  thanks mom for putting them in the basement ;b
is now the owner of an artic cat 300  laugh 
just got done doing the dishes  it's the next best thing since falling off a <propmale> 
pop       i've missed you  your smooth clean taste  your contradicting sharp fizzle  your ability to make me feel like everything's okay  it's been a long 7 hours without you  let's not ever be apart that long again :')
"talking to one person via chat, one person via messages, and another person via comment  laugh  so fun"
just got some new cd's  laugh  gonna be jamming tonight!
i got to tear out some idiot's tree stand for the 1st time today  laugh  i only wish i could see his face when he sees his pegs tore out of the tree and his string to get the bow up hanging 10 feet in the air with a rock tied to the end of it  laugh   laugh 
about to watch the mentalist! yes please  laugh 
i think i just got welder's flash  annoyed  i guess we'll see tomorrow morning lol
<propmale> h  humphery   i wish i had a name like that 
i don't care if u of m lost  playful  go blue!!!!
"2 weeks baby, 2 weeks  laugh "
"today i say r i p  to my good friend, <propfirst> the bird  even though i just met you today in the middle of the yard, i felt we connected in a much deeper way  i felt so sorry you couldn't fly  but you broke my heart when i couldn't find you  so i assume you're dead  r i p   crying "
leaving tomorrow for a week-end camping trip 
back from camping  laugh 
"so who exactly thought of this new facebook design?? well, whoever you are, you're an idiot  just sayin'   "
"four days till the wedding, six till my birthday  laugh "
got my sat practice scores in     not too happy  annoyed  i guess it's a good thing they were practice!
"i found out what genj sat i'm on today! team lansing!!  laugh   laugh  i leave for lansing the 28th  laugh  (btw, in case you were wondering, you can get me some dress clothes for my birthday  wink "
hmmmm i went from 135 friends to 133     that can't be good  playful 
rehersal is tomorrow  smile 
wedding tomorrow! i just have one thing to say: the girl i'm standing up with just better feel lucky she has such a handsome young stud to walk her down the aile  wink 
i wonder what tomorrow is    hmmmmm      wink 
just got an amazing green tie! not gonna lie    
thanks for the birthday wishes everbody! i had a great day  smile 
"i have wrought my simple plan\if i give one hour of joy\to the boy who's half a man,\or the man who's half a boy \~sir <propfirst> conan <propmale>"
"the <propmale> walberg campaign is doing great here in lansing! we did approximately 1800 lit  drops today  laugh  take that! and, i'm using a <propfirst> <propfirst> college student's laptop to update this status  so ha! sucka ;b can you say that?"
did you here about the tornado that hit a trailer park in arkansas? it almost took out the entire capital!
getting ready for some more lit drops today  smile 
we won!!!!!!!! ha!! walberg is the boss! just sayin'    and i was on the news   twice  playful  so ha!
"i found from some bloodwork done last week that my triglycerides raised from 150 to 255!!  playful  laaaaame i'm going on a diet monday  annoyed  if you have any fatty, amazingly delicious, heart attack causing food that is edible, let me know before monday!!!!"
tomorrow is the beginning of the end   the day i start my diet  crying 
black ops   yes please!
"opening day tomorrow!! get ready to eat some blackpowder and  50 cal sabets, bucks! ;b"
"opening day was a bit of a flop for me  annoyed  oh well, there's always tomorrow"
i've lost 11 pounds in a week on this diet  all i can say is my tryglicerides better be down by the end of the month! ;b
a <propfirst> brown thanksgiving   heck yes
"\let's not play lover's games chuck\"" ~peppermint <propfemale>"""
you <propmale> potter fans are so odd   just sayin'  playful 
just woke up   i think i'm gonna go back to bed now lol
"i have officially gotten down to the 140s meaning i've lost 13 pounds! ha, take that!  smile "
"so today for an extremely long amount of time, i was surrounded by pizza, pop, and brownies   i almost passed out  stupid diet  playful "
is watching <propfemale> harbor
"so black ops wasn't the best thing since sliced bread  well, i guess you can't have your dessert and eat it too  annoyed "
noooo!!!! <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> is gay??? why didn't someone tell me this before!!!!!!!
"leaving to go camping tomorrow  laugh  goodbye berville, hello frankenmuth!"
so why exactly is tp only once a year??? it needs to be more like everyday of the year!  laugh 
just got back from frankenmuth  smile 
"so if the plural of goose is geese, why is the plural of moose, mooses? these are the things that keep me up at night  feel free to e playful lain this mystery of life if you can  it would be very appreciated   "
"a random collection of the questions that keep me up at night annoyed what disease did cured ham have?\why do alarm clocks \go off\"" when they start making noise?\",4c517d27c86e787ac6f0b laugh cfdeba614,"well then, 135 friends to 134      whatever  playful "
attention <propfirst> bieber fans: i only have one thing to ask    are you mentally prepared for what will happen to his voice when he hits puberty?
"well black ops, i beat you in 4 hours      umm now what?"
michigan made it to the gator bowl!!  laugh 
got the results from my bloodwork today   my tryglicerides went down from 255 to 73!!!! the only problem now is my white blood cell count is too low  playful  looks like i spoke too soon lol
"bond, <propfemale> bond   ~michael <propfirst>"
i would highly advise not reading the beggining of a <propfirst> <propmale> novel and then going out to sit in the woods alone 
"i saw this on a sign outside a church annoyed x is an unknown factor\x did not die for you on the cross\keep christ in christmas"
"well then, door   we meet again  playful  you may have beaten me at that staring contest but you were no match for me at kick-boxing"
"i just saw someone call themselves a \michiganian\""  do you have no pride?!? everyone knows the correct term is michigander  playful """
got recruited yesterday in meijer by the air force lol
going tomorrow to see true grit with <propfirst> then going back to my place to watch inception  smile 
"facebook message on my page annoyed friend's most popluar locations: bear's garage"
i just uploaded my status    using my new laptop!!!  laugh 
how do blonde brain cells die?
i have my own email account  laugh 
"dear call of duty: black ops creators,\\a tomahawk thrown across 3 4 of a map and then lands on your foot should not, is not, and never could be considered a kill  ever \\from,\a confused and upset player who has been killed by a noob too many times"
yess!!!! bye bye <propmale> rodriguez!!!
"quote of the day annoyed \i'm never too drunk to drive!\""\",4c517d27c86e787ac6f0b laugh cfdeba614,touchdown texas a&m!!!!!
something's wrong with my fb chat  playful 
did anyone else see the amazing run marshawn lynch had in the seahawk saints game? the dude's a beast!!
quack!! let's go ducks!!  laugh 
hmm   brady hoke as the new university of michigan football coach? what do you think? would you have rather seen <propmale> <propmale> step in or a true michigan man come take over?
wow   i'm almost a senior    what the heck happened to my childhood?!?!
<propfirst> hebert     tomorrow is the day you will see how men eat sandwiches
"a recent survey of schizophrenics showed that most of them believe obama is bad for <propfemale>  in fact, 18 out of 10 agreed "
watched the voyage of the <propfemale> treader today  i must say they could have done a much better job with it  mediokore   if that  
"so miss <propfemale>, i hear you're planning on attending <propfirst> <propfirst> college and majoring in political science? well then, i guess i'll see you there  laugh "
finished my high school geography today! i'm going to finish my high school history tomorrow  laugh 
"\oh i remember my victory in boston  it was almost as sweet as the cream-pie for which it was named   \"" will ferrel in blades of <propfemale>"""
"had to watch arsenic and old lace for school today  there's no way i can look at old women, elderberry wine, and cellars the same  surprise "
however obama's joke writer is   go home!! now! you suck! ;b
"q: what's the hardest thing about telling your parents you're an msu fan?\\a: telling them you're gay"
"girl on american idol, you are definately not 15  more like 25  so stop lying  ;b"
wow  playful  i worked forever on an answer online about the presidents trying to help someone and then 5 minutes later it was edited with a lot less information by someone else ;b
everyone's for the packers right now? really? is that what's really going on? screw you guys! 21 packers 24 steelers by a field goal in the last 2 smile 0  i'm calling it 
so i'm friends with some random guy that i never sent a friend request to or received one from? yeah umm no thanks!
i know i'm going to make a report on <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale> <propmale> for tp but i can't decide between <propfirst> <propfemale> or <propfirst> monroe   ahh screw it i'll just make four!  laugh 
"zach, sir, you just got totally wasted at shooting tonight  by me  you're welcome "
"teenpact homework, it's time to get you done  ;vb"
"this is michigander territory  persons who violate this by saying \michiganian\"" will be shot on sight """
"lol! an ad on my facebook page annoyed \\please don't eat me\""\",4c517d27c86e787ac6f0b laugh cfdeba614,you may call me mr  dubaere
"watson, you are a beast  even if after 7 years of programming you thought toledo was a us city  take that <propmale> jennings ;b"
if you could spare me $1200 that would be just peachy 
rugby: the sport of men
my 3rd great-grandfather was on <propfirst> trotsky hit list  was yours? nooooooo i don't think sooo!!
snl just commercials on nbc: heck yes  laugh 
"feeling a little lonely this <propfirst>? want some human interaction? well we've got the thing for you  your local tsa screener  whether it's a pat-down or a full body screening, we've got you covered  *beautiful woman* you could get me  *another woman* or me  *another woman* or even me! *big black guy* but you'll most likely get me  now take off your shoes and pants!!!"
"excuse me ma'am? if you could turn your left turn signal off when you're not going to turn then that would be great  thank you \\from,\\a person who appreciates common sense"
headed to <propfirst>'s tomorrow  <propmale> <propmale> movie marathon? i think yes!
just finished a bottle of towne club cola  out with the new and in with the old 
headed to autorama at the cobo center tomorrow
"so i spend all day at autorama taking pictures of random, cool-looking cars but don't take a picture of the 1967 gto 500, basically one of the rarest cars in the world, so rare that you can't put a price on it  lol my bad"
best supporting actor: a fancy term for an actor who sucks too bad to have his own movie
kind of p o ed  because i just spilled gun oil  everywhere  trying to clean the club's guns 
jeopardy try-out test in 2 hours  getting ready!  laugh 
half an hour!! gahhhh i'm so nervous!
5 minutes until the test starts! despite the fact that i spent the last 10 minutes throwing up i'm feeling pretty confident  time to represent! cuz it's not like the dubaere name has much going for it right now 
i am absolutely drained! lol they don't make that thing easy
teenpact homework done tomorrow! heck yeah!
"oh yeah, stellar kart is now following me on twitter  laugh "
is anyone from mi going to tp nc? i'm looking for someone to ride or fly with 
lol just got another one of those messages that says facebook is too slow with so many new members so you need to resend the message so you don't get deleted from facebook  maybe it's just me but i'm pretty sure it's not real since i got one in january saying the i would get deleted in february 
"only i, the homeschooled kid, would have the luck to get stuck helping someone with a school project this weekend "
"yeah, you heard me right, i'm listening to journey right now  and just to screw with you even more   i'm getting ready to listen to boston next  yeah, what!"
"who gets up at 7 smile 0 on a saturday morning?!?! wait, that's right, i do! stupid math class ;b"
just saw one of the <propmale> brothers in the 25th anniversary muscial of <propmale> miserables  way to ruin a perfectly fine musical 
"ok so i'm not a big fan of the \press enter to post comment\"" just sayin   """
"just wondering <propfirst> hebert but will i see you tomorrow in a ripped pair of shorts, a backwards hat, and a tank top that says nascar on it? also, will you be smiling at me with your two teeth that are left showing me the lease for your almost new (197 smile  trailer that you made a down-payment for with the money you got from selling the pigs? come back to michigan <propfirst>   before you're too far gone "
perfect bracket so far! hehehe  smile 
i'm going out on a limb here and i might ruin my bracket but i'm calling arizona over texas tonight
watching ironman
who called that arizona would beat texas???? i did!
perfect bracket   still! what!!!
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! my bracket is ruined!!!!! i thought san <propmale> state would beat connecticut but it was an upset!!!!! nooooooo!!!!!!!!
yeah booooyyy!!!!! who called that arizona would take down duke?? i did! and who called that butler would beat wisconsin?? i did!!!!
going bowling tomorrow with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  totally gonna whip their city-slicking butts at it too 
butler is taking this all the way people!
i'm almost a senior     where did my childhood go??
teenpact michigan   is over  i'll try and not cry too hard 
"you can definately tell a person has been at teenpact for a week when they always starts a sentece with, \i feel like\"" or address people by \""dude\"" """
first soccer game on the 17th   oh dear
i think the first class with <propfirst> and i teaching went pretty good  and if you didn't like it   too bad so get over it  playful  lol
received an application from york college yesterday  funny thing is i don't remember sending in a request for one    apparently i'm a wanted man 
rendezvous   god loves you  goodnight! lol
