49e9561a935ed1fe60a5b9dd14518074
na-na-na   na-na-na   na-na    feelin' groovy
so  tired  but happy!
following miss frizzle's advice
"omg, chocolate-covered bacon! so bad for you and so yummy "
"geez, is it friday yet?!!"
how come my friends list doesn't show status like it used to? does anyone know how to fix it?
almost done with moving  what a pain!
is so very much in love!!!
"ah, chocolate     "
casi cielo will be available at starbucks starting january 12! yay!
is so glad that being a nurse allows me to witness absolute miracles and watch prayers being answered 
"did you ever wish that some people's ex-whatevers didn't always work so hard to prove just why they're an ex? yeah, me too "
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
"just saw \legion\""  worst  movie  ever  or at least in my top 3  100 minutes of my life that i will never get back  ugh """
"sun, glorious sun!"
"happy children, a pedicure with my best friend and not cooking dinner tonight    recipe for a nearly perfect saturday!"
102 7f  no wonder i feel like crap 
recovering from a night of fun seeing concrete blonde with my sweetie and my best friend  what a great time!
looking forward to the fourth!
parenthood: the toughest job you'll ever love
i think <propmale> is chasing bears in his sleep
"what a wonderful surprise that \head over heels\"" still applies to how i feel after a year! totally awesome!!"""
what does it say about the nutritional value of potato chips when even yellow jackets wont touch them   wow
"<propmale> and i went to the family fun day at sehmel park--it really lived up to it's name!--then picked a big bucket of blackberries for jam  i just wish <propfirst> and heatherlee could have been there  tonight, <propmale> and i are going to get away for a little romance  *happy sigh*"
here's hoping that liars get what they deserve from the universe 
another week done!! so glad its the weekend! and i'm not on call!! hahahahaha! special bonus: cirque du soleil with my <propfemale> this weekend 
"what to do on a rainy, cool fall day     "
"counting my blessings: wonderful children, the love of my life, amazing friends, a warm, dry home, good health and a great job  happiness  smile "
"the cast is off! i don't know who's more excited, me or <propmale> "
misplaced my movitation   it must be around here somewhere   
"my new favorite stupid quote: \note to self: don't use toothpaste as lube again \"" again?!! hahahahahaha"""
"more stuff that makes me smile--cole and i will be changing our status to \married\"" on july 4th!"""
change of plans: eloping while we're in hawaii!  smile  so excited!
