5299b573a6caaf4aebfb3cf6bc8acfd8
"thinks that it is impossible to be too heavenly minded  watch  those who are \too heavenly minded\"" will do the greatest good here """
"is being conformed to the image of christ  do you want to be like jesus? then you must learn something   you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions  it's not easy, but it's not impossible "
"hallelujah! hallelujah! holy! holy! are you lord god almighty! worthy is the lamb, worthy is the lamb that was slain! unto you be all <propfemale> and honor and praise! may my life bring <propfemale> to your name  smile "
a prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit  a prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat 
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth 
"\knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell\"""""
is waiting on the lord this morning
hungers and thirsts for righteousness 
"says happy fathers day! in honor of my heavenly father, who's never forsaken me or let me down  may you ever be praised, dad  smile "
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred   christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands   none of us even follows just one of them 
god is faithful to his word and to those to whom he has given it
is going completely insane with anticipation  smile  t-minus 24 hours til <propfemale>'s arrival in nashville!
"truly knows so little  thank you, oh lord, that you are wise and you are mighty  thank you, lord, that your grace knows no limits or bounds  i pray you're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give you <propfemale> with our lives "
"will gladly boast in his weaknesses  when i am weak, then he is strong  your might, oh lord is endless  please cover over me  please cover over your beloved  lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections "
"an awakening? lord awaken the sleeper  let our eyes burst open to the rising light of your spirit  let your mercy wash us and let your holiness mold us into the image of your son  break us with fire and build us from the ashes  come to life you dry, old b"
"an awakening? lord awaken the sleeper  let our eyes burst open to the rising light of your spirit  let your mercy wash us and let your holiness mold us into the image of your son  break us with fire and build us from the ashes  come to life you dry, old b"
"whatever good i do comes not from me  goodness is of god, and through me he chooses to make his power known  thank you, lord "
"stop regarding men  what account is he? --<propmale> 2:22   we are nothing more than a nose-full of breath  oh man, how frail are you? why do you e playful ect regard? why do i?"
is examining himself  2 cor 13:5  testing himself to see if he is in the faith  work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is god who works in you to will and to act according to his good purpose  phillipians 2:12-13
"let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days   broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to he who saved me by his own merit  thank you dear father who makes his goodness known in me  may you be glorified "
lord let your <propfemale> fall as on that ancient day  let it fall on both of them  let your grace be made known eternally and mightily 
is  learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be  wink   lord you are  you just are  teach me to be like you  teach me to be 
"jesus  you're the lover of my soul  jesus  i will never let you go  you've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now i know   "
"gimme your eyes for just one second  gimme your eyes so i can see  everything that i keep missin, gimme your love for humanity  gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach   "
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride   he will find himself proud of his humility   playful  good call mr  <propmale>
has walked a thousand <propmale> with grace so far  i could walk like this forever   jesus how can you be so good to me?? may you be praised in every step i take  always
"is a deer panting for your living water  i thirst for the living god and in my thirst i need your rest  precious lord, <propfemale> me for even at my strongest i lack the strength to stand on my own  amen"
"is anxiously attached  i don't know how to ask for help  and i don't know how to accept it  ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much "
"lord, be my portion  christ trusted you to provide all the help he ever needed  let me do the same "
"is excited her  laugh  for serious, that's all i can think about"
"is excited to see her  laugh  for serious, that's all i can think about"
"loves being broken  it means i fought hard and didn't give up  i'll wrestle with you, oh god of <propmale>, and i won't let go "
"because you, oh lord, are he who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things  all things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came  blessing and honor and <propfemale> to you, oh father  this is the song of my spirit   praising its origin  you  my god "
"let me know you more deeply and truely, oh lord  there are none who know you completely, and so i pray that you show me  your ways are perfect and i want my life to sing your praise  let me walk with love, joy, peace, <propfemale>, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control  against such things there is no law "
lord please bless our time together  its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure you have graced my life with  i pray that you bring her to me safely and that i pursue her well 
"dude, i'm freaking engaged! to the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! thank you lord for your love through this woman  laugh "
"dude, i'm freaking engaged!!!!! to the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! thank you lord for your love through this woman  laugh "
this will probably take a good long while to get used to  smile  i think i'm still in shock  haha  i have a fiance  wow  and not just any fiance; i am pursuing the <propfemale> of great value  laugh 
i love <propfemale> smith 0 smile 
"everlasting, eternal one, zealous conqueror, creator, sustainer, almighty   how can i appeal to your highest pleasure  what can i bring to you that you do not already have? vanity  even to define my mission as one to bring you <propfemale> is utter foolishness  what can i lift up with these dirty hands? what can i sing with defiled lips?"
"\hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers\"""""
"i can't remember when the earth turned slowly   so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again  i lost my place, but i can't stop this story  i'll find my way, but til then i'm only   spinning"
"the common thread through all this change is you, oh lord  please bind together all that is sacred, all that is true  bind it to my heart that i might never stray from you "
the semester is almost over  wow  when did this happen?
"to understand how ridiculously excited i am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred <propmale> effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen   then you might get close to scratching the surface  maybe"
is with his darling   oh what simple things many take for granted  thank you lord for your gift of life  thank you lord for <propfemale>  smile 
"is not with his darling anymore  sad  sad day(s)   lord, be my sustanence as you always are  especially now that much of my joy is 700 <propmale> away from me  i love you <propfemale>, and i miss you!"
une playful lainable   mysterious   the element of you that can't be hidden from: you won't be denied  breath of god fill my lungs   let your essence come from on high and teach me your ways  there is something in you  holy perfection  let it be
"i don't know how it all works  i don't know why  i don't know how  i just am who you made me  i have what you gave me  let me be yours  please take all i have as yours  let me be holy and of you  i <propfemale> for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever  burn everlasting flame  flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth   my best  that's what you got "
bring on this semester  smile  what fun things will i learn?? only god knows  smile    someone's always missing from this campus though   last term without her   sigh*
"we're goin down down in an earlier round   a loaded god complex is pointed right at us  lord, please be god here  please bless our hearts of love"
"6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed   ugh, god thank you for this morning  even though i'd like to be sleeping it away   it really is a beautiful morning  smile "
"\are we going up? or just going down? its just a matter of time until we're all found out\""   lord shine in us that there be nothing but your light to be found """
"\i know what lies beyond this life for me is already won  no one can take away the blood that covers over my bones  without the blood of perfect life i know i'm nothing at all \"""""
"what makes people happy? apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy  its a measurable, replicable scientific fact  i dunno why that strikes me funny  lol  lord, teach us to be joyful in you "
screw you axle
"life never seems to stop changing  its crazy to think college is almost over  wow  lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me "
"\i gotta feelin  woohoo   that tonight's gonna be a good night\""  smile  i like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well  thanks god  smile """
so much to say  so much to do  so much to be  so little time  24 hours is already to small an amount of time  its hard to be without you 
"does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? really? lord, at this rate, it'll take you coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives   complacent in the daily grind  complacent in our justifiable self-pity  complacent in our self-centeredness  it'll take you to show us how wrong we all are "
"dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! yay!!!! let's play in it!"
i like where we are  here  smile    except   where's my <propfemale>??????  sad ((  i don't like where we are anymore   
"\no demanding without understanding\"" --<propfemale> smith"""
"as long as i'm alive, i'd die for you  thank you lord for your love and your awakening it within me "
"\wilt thou change this world    or wilt thou change thyself?\""   can't i do both?"""
only four more hours  smile   smile   smile   love 
"thank you, lord, for today  smile  the day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever!  smile  i love you <propfemale>  smile "
"though the air is cold outside, i pray you warm our hearts with your love "
"zest  the spice of life  apparently its one of my signature strengths  smile   how can i help make your life more adventurous today? thank you, lord, for making me salt and light "
"hahaha, if only they knew how little sleep i'm running on  laugh  yay coffee!!! i think god gets a kick out of me   laugh "
"happy <propfirst>'s day everybody! and especially  to my sweet fiancee (with two \e's\"") who makes this day very very special  for me! hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the one you  love in your arms  i'd give both of my arms just to see my love right  now """
"we are like lemmings on the  run   god please help your clueless, deathbound children "
bittersweet is the taste of the first few spring-like days of my last semester here at vanderbilt  sugary rays glisten from a soft cotton-candy sky   nostalgia peppered with promise   excitement seasoned with sorrow  i'm so ready to be done  i'm not ready to leave 
"lord, you present us in our lives with wind and waves  we can curl up in a ball, helpless and hoping it would all go away  or we can stand amidst such tempests with the relentless <propfirst> and stinging rain beating or fragile frames and proclaim that we will not fall: our lives will yet praise you  you are the god who saves  you are the god who provides  you are the answer, and i will stand in your strength  indomitable "
"everybody pray for my future brother-in-law, <propfirst>  he may have broke his neck today training for his title fight  not cool "
"coutning down the hours until nashville is graced with the presence of an angel  smile  in case anyone is interested, 90 and counting!!!  smile "
70 more hours to go!!!!! yay getting to see my <propfemale>!!!!!!  laugh !!!!!!!!
only 45 more hours!!!! that's less than two days!!!!! yyyyaaaayyyyy!  smile 
16 more!!!!! omgosh!!!!!  laugh 
"this is the day that the lord has made, let us all rejoice and be glad in it  you didn't have to wake up this morning  you got to  may we see your <propfemale> in our lives, oh lord "
"i am eager, but not restless, for the awakening-- the end of this waxen age  come with fire "
"why haven't you disintegrated this world and all that's in it yet? honestly, we haven't done <propfirst> but cause you problems "
"just had some really inappropriate stuff pop up on my facebook wall from some \friend's\"" application on facebook  sorry to anyone who saw it  i removed it  and removed that \""friend\""  what the heck? where can i report something like that?"""
"when you love somebody and they love you back, nothing can ever come between you and stay there  god showed us that  no strain, no gain  smile "
rain down your love on us    and rain down your grace   and cover me  please
"yayayayayayay! class outside under a clear, blue, <propfemale>, 80 degree sky  smile  thank you professor!"
<propfemale> up everybody! for real  lets do this thing  wink 
"if christ has not risen from the dead, then i am, of all men, most pitiable  (1 cor 15:12-19)"
"\that-which-nothing-greater-can-be-thought\""    cmon anselm  please just say god  smile """
"god, thank you for the <propfemale> in me to  know you better  let me never cease to be open to your teaching "
"so excited that i get to see <propfemale> smith in a week!!!!!!!!  smile  a k a, my sweet darling and gift from above  smile "
bring it mr  philosophy paper  i'm not scared of you 
"ok, well, i'm not scared of you, mr  philosophy paper, but you sure do take too long to write  playful "
misses <propfemale>  sad 
"is prayerful and diligent  may you be glorified, lord "
i'm almost officially a personal trainer! just  an exam and cpr certification to go!  smile 
can't you see that its  just rainin? there ain't no reason to go outside   makin banana pancakes  and pretend like its the weekend   rain all day and i don't mind
please be in prayer for all those in the tennessee and ohio river valley regions who are being affected by this record flooding  its really bad  thank you  smile 
is completely done with undergrad!!!!!!! thank you lord for the gift this education has been and will continue to be and for the perserverence to stick it out!!!!!!  smile 
happy mother's day! i'm so thankful for the one who put up with me and raised me in the way i should go  smile  thank you <propfemale> kilts  smile  i love you momma!
"you are so beyond me  my primitive being cannot \know  nor can anyone else's  be revealed if it pleases you  i care to \know "
"we can be so limited  i can't blame anybody: it's entirely impossible to broaden one's mind in the struggle of day-to-day  freed from the struggle, however, one quickly realizes the immensity of life, e playful erience, and people--suddenly an open mind even appears severely limited and horribly sheltered  how much truth is enough? and how much ignorance is acceptable?"
yay summer!  smile  yay only two more months of missing my draling!  smile  yay kids who love to scream and jump and run and play!  smile  yay chilling out at a second job!  smile  yay beautifully <propfemale> days! yay! just yay  smile  
its funny sometimes how it can be such a beautiful day out but the flavor of life at the time isn't following suite  kinda like being happy on a terribly gloomy rainy day  just in reverse 
i love laughing with someone who speaks their mind   smile 
"\keep your government hands off of my medicare!\"" ---an angry man in a south <propfemale> town hall meeting    oh dear   """
is lookin for a job in waco   
"loves the fragile, improbable gift that is life   love "
thinks his fiance is the most gorgeous woman ever  smile 
"i'm feeling reflective this morning  maybe it was the <propfemale> macchiato  maybe its the beautiful blue sky  maybe its this life transition  whatever it is, i just know its beautiful, and i want to share it "
i'm in texas! no more missin my <propfemale>!  smile 
"had the senior manager of gold's gym offer me a 40hr week personal training job   in <propfirst>, tx  playful  (that's 3 hours round trip)  still looking! was a nice confidence booster though "
"my phone decided that the touch pad doesn't need to work anymore  that means i no longer can access   well   anything  so this is a formal apology to all friends and family  i can't text you til it works, and for that i am sorry  sad  and if i don't have your number memorized, well, i can't call you either  sad  i'll get in touch asap!"
yay! phone deal worked out  smile  now i can call txt   but   i don't have all my contacts anymore  message me your number if you want me to have it!
i'm attempting to update my facebook from my phone  did it work?
sweet action! i feel all high  tech now  smile 
gettin rdy to go <propfemale> out with my  <propfemale> while she studies at our favorite coffee <propfemale>out  smile 
a lil bit of fall weather comin through texas   feels good after a couple weeks of 100 and above  good for a romantic walk with my sweetie  smile 
can't wait to start the new job at the hospital  smile  orientation on monday and training on tuesday  5 o'clock mornings here i come!
misses his peeps in clarksville and nashville and wants them to know they are on his heart  i love you guys and gals  smile  
hates how there are only 24 hours in each day   going to bed wondering if everyone i love knows that i love them really sucks--i promise i do  sorry i'm still working on managing the time i have to be better at showing it 
lots of stuff to do to make this all happen  lets do this thing  smile 
"resolve to travel through the pages of your life with eager eyes filled with wonder, lest, at story's end, you are unsatisfied   then wonder   "
thank you to everyone for their birthday and holiday wishes  smile  i really appreciate your thoughts during a time when there is so much going on 
i clarify myself continually because i <propfemale> to be understood  what happens inside my heart is beautiful and good-- too much so to be seen by only me 
"is sick of winter  go away cold! seriously, i want my <propfemale> blue skies back  smile "
"happy <propfirst>'s day to the love of my life and my sweetest <propfirst>, <propfemale> smith  smile   love "
"'men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry of as if nothing ever happened'"
man is a creature with infinite desires but only finite means  hope everyone will join me in making the most of finitude; at least while we're still blessed with it   smile 
"take care of your body! its the only one you have! seriously, working in surgery makes you appreciate the bag of skin that's yours and i want everyone to do the same  please "
"'anyone who would lay claim to such etitlements should not be surprised when the rest of us stop listening to him'--sam <propmale> on \freedom of belief\"""""
