d0b80cf115ecf3cbda84352d3ac3b3ed
off to work    txt 
homewrk   txt 
i dont kno how to use facebook    
shoppin was great   e playful ecially since it wasnt my money   headin for home in 2 hours then homewrk   sumthing fun   nd wrk in the a m  hollleeerrrr 
eww work again    i feel like i live there   
homecoming picz are up finally stop asking for them lol 
"sweet sukatash, gee golly, wut the fuck  -weezy"
wrkkk  txt meh   laugh 
flyin high    
the perfect c0uples 0nly in a dream   nd im pretty much awake for this relationship   you ain't gon tie me d0wn   -new b0ys 
devious   wrkk  txt it   wink 
dc sniper dies by lethel injection at 9 surprise 0 tonight   is that justice?
getting ready for wrk  txt it 
has an eye exam nd then is going to some bull roast    txt it 
"forget the coffee, i start my day off with mamosas's, happy turkey day everyone!!"
shopping since 3a m    a three hour nap was exactly what i needed   
talking to some old friends   missing old times   damn things change    
"will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!!"
"my sister once told me: when you feel like letting go, just remember what made you hold on for so long  i think i live by these words now "
can we grow up now??
hookahhhhhh wifff dahhh main beeeotchhh nd her lover nd my loverrrrrr 
can't wait for summer   
"fashion show was good, <propfemale> moos with evryone was great, nd now me nd my blanky nd dog r watchin a movie  smile "
home nd now bed  zzzzzzzzzz
so how did new england make it to the playoffs? what up <propfirst> rice nd <propfirst> suggs  do work my boys 
gonna finish cleaning then chill before wrk  txt it 
is so smarter than a fifth grader   i need to be on this show not these idiots 
"crushin? maybe i am, maybe im not   "
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> of the jungle"
babysittin on my day off   bleh   txt me 
added new pics   now back to babysitting   bleh
uhh waiting for these kidss to get here   text 
makin valentines day cookies with the girls  smile 
okay well i hate you so bite me 
it’s celebrity doppelgänger week  during this week change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like and post this to your profile     taylor swift   haha
jersey shore junkies    tisk 
do wanna get another red bull? we shold get annother red bull  you can get a red bull and i can gert a red bull  we can share a red bull!! red bull!!!
waited nd waited  nows it too late  wrkk  textt 
omg  ive never been so bored in my entire life 
"\could a placemat stop your child from doing drugs?\""- some commercial    like wtf?"""
family guy!!!!!!!!!!
watching jersey shore for the first time   its pretty gay 
"i learne how to do this >  love  today, thanks to allyg   love   love  i love youuuuu "
aww    <propfirst> raeke will you  be my <propfirst>?  love 
does anyone live near ridel rd or aberdeen circle?? stranded here nd so bored lol 
your amazing   love 
i hate <propmale> schneider aka creeper  stop facebook creepin hoe 
"with allyg, <propfirst>, nd <propfirst>  yayyy "
soooo bored at work   omg    rescue me!
lmao  i  love  ke$ah 
sickk   sad  nd there no way in hell im gonna eat soup <propfemale> its 8 billion degrees outside 
i  love  frosties from <propfemale>'s 
needed some alone time wif my allyg spot  got that 
tonight was a disaster   oh well theres still the rest of the night to make up for it!!
"went ufo hunting with allyg, kramer, <propfirst>, nd some other kid haha   playful "
woke up this morning like damn i wish that wasnt a dream     argg 
"just got home  fun with ally, <propfirst>, kramer nd then some others  smellin like a campfire  love it  i wanna go camping!!"
<propfirst> just cracked his head on a pole out front of amills while getting yelled at by a security guard  lmfao 
with my bitch (allyg) nd kramer nd <propfirst>  just got pulled over for running a stop sign haha  got off with a warning whad up 
i gotta say i thought this weekend was gonna go to shit but tonight was pretty blaze  hahaha 
im sooo effin bored at school    txt me!!!
needs something new and exciting   like a new car  wink 
"damn <propfemale>, u were always smiling and tryna make people happy  everyones gonna miss you  r i p  <propfemale>  i guess the good do die young   "
no comment 
got to wrk  clocked in  some gurl was there takin my shift  damn  back home i guess text meh 
this day is goin by sooo sloww  no wrk tonight  tryna find sumthin to do   hit me up 
lets get wild   wink 
shower  then wiff allllllayyyyggeeee
fun evening with ally nd <propfemale>  love  love those beeotches 
you want it? then go nd get it   smile 
"going to the viewing,  sad  r i p <propfemale>  love     then wrk "
power just went out at my wrk  playin in the dark!!!
relaxin right now  then laterr the inner harbour with my homieeesss   smile 
third night in row that my nights been ruined by the same people  smh    on to the next adventure for the evening  smile 
needs somthing to do  txt the cellular 
livin' la <propfemale> loca
i fucks with the facebook chat    
9 hours and 46 minutes
there are no words right now   fall in a hole and die you dirty fucking bitch 
field trippp   love 
"dr  lipshits!! haha  building memories with the bitches, allyg, h d , nd <propfemale> wanie "
i would defff call this a pretty good night   laugh 
i really hate people sometimes   
so is a volkswagon beetle a totally gay car for me to buy or is it okay? im not sooo sure   but i need a new car 
is really trying to find sumthin to get into today!!! hit the cellular 
"wif <propfemale> wanie, <propmale>, dreww, nd mannyy   love "
i gotta thing for bad boyys      love 
"\i want a thrill   \"" -<propfemale> \""ride a roller coaster \"" -<propfemale>"""
i love bein out nd about this early in the morning  towson town festival hollerrr 
people dont make any sence sometimes    
"i love it <propfemale> someone says \hey bitch\"" nd every girl in the room turns around """
why even try? its like every time it ends the same  pain  so fuck it 
cleaning myy room  parents are gayy 
yayy!!! cinco de mayoooo!!! tengas divertido!!
withhh summerrr   smile 
had a pretty fun night lunar golfing with <propfirst>  turning in early i guess  text meee 
mommy's day shopping wifff alexxxx   love 
okay so nightmare on elmstreet can really freak you the fuck out   
<propfemale> dipped  with summerrrrr   surprise 
just did the shots of hypnotic off to the bar with breeze to celebrate the 21st bday  then tonight the real fun begins 
"so four cops, a soberity test, a k9 unit, a body search nd 45 minutes later, i got a $160 speeding ticket nd i was free to go "
i  love  the rain  you guys need to stop bitchin'   wink 
"get to see him after all, amazingg  love "
is feeling reckless     chillin with the bitches  holler at the cellular 
homework now  harbor later with the bf  smile   b-e-a-u-tiful dayy   love 
massage and pedicure   love  then boolovin   smile 
sittin pool side with my baby nd family  good day   smile 
shower then wrk  then ah movayyeee wif jorrrdann   love 
some lady just stole my car keys by accident  i'm fuckin stranded!!
"damn obama i trusted you, stop bein such a fuck up!!!"
seeing getting to the greek with my baby  love 
"i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right nowwow   love "
last day of real class!! hell yessss! i  love  summer 
watchin my boys train nd spar  entertaining as shiiiiiitttt   love 
i havent been this happy in a loooonnngggg time   love 
breakfast for dinner  yum 
just made it thru the storm alive with redz to the bf's house!! i thought we were done for!
goin to go get the new car inspected  laugh  then back with my bayyybeee  love 
i'm gonna go outside nd wash my car in the rain  smile 
going to go see eclipse with myy babyy  love  soooo excited 
home finallyyy  grrrreatt night   love  beddd  zzzzzzzzz   
you can count on me like i got <propfirst> on my face   playful 
did somebody say captin? <propfirst>    
fuck you in every language possible bitch 
breakfast with my babyyy nd redzypoo!!
"i hate when guys write \lls\"" thats soooo feminine  just write \""lol\""  fags   """
two months!! woot woot  p f  changs with him to celebrate   smile 
bed finally  what an eventful night 
went to sleep last night at 7 this morning nd woke up at 930  i think ots nap time   smile  zzzzzzzzz   
"well i already have adhd like a motherfucker, so idk what possessed me to take caffeine pills    wooow 8-("
sooo ready for my vacation   
dinner for schmucks is the best fuckin movie evvvv   smile 
at cold stone creamery with redzypoo!! i  love  him   smile 
"hes back in my arms, nd i am never letting go again   love  mwah "
ughh  sleep where are you?
three months   love  cheesecake factory  yum  mwah 
i don't wanna grow up     sad 
whoever it was that came up with the idea of college nd majors nd choosing what your gonna do for the rest of your life at 17 18    well they are idiots 
"i was drinkin before i came, when i got here i did the same, i don't like beer, i like champange, so cheers to lil <propmale> "
can't even sleep    
"coffee with <propfemale>, and coloring with <propmale>  smile  great morning "
my man and a vanilla iced coffee   that he bought for me! this is the good life ahhh 
attention whores   smh 
chipotle  love 
"its hard to be in a relationship with you sometimes, but its hard to be without you all the time  love  just waiting   "
4 months  love   love 
just cut all my hair of   wtf was i thinking    omg    
sickyyyy   ughh 
"this weekends gonna be so busy nd so fun! shopping, wrk tonight, <propmale> <propfirst> pavillion tomorrow morning, then kellys baby shower, then to va for michas fight  breast cancer benefit on sundayyyy   love  j d h "
dontcha kno all the fairytales tell a lie? real l o v e & real l i f e doesn't have to be perfect   love  j d h 
i miss @<propfemale> <propmale>   love 
"when life gives you lemons, fuck it make spaghetti-o's  cause honestly what the hell can you make with lemons?"
"college applications    excited  stressed  nervous  you name it, i'm feeling it "
"sometimes you forget what you have untill you lose it for a while, then when you get it back, you remember   love  j d h "
"waiting for the mother to get home so i have somthing fun to do, untill i get to see my love tonight  love  j d h "
paranormal activity 2    dumbest movie ever  so boaring 
had a great dinner date with the bestie! oh how i have missed her so! now letting my food settle with @<propfirst> harthman   love 
annapolis harbor  love 
senior skip day tomorrow? oh yeah 
chips nd saaallllllssaaaaa  yum 
is watching <propfirst> shave his legss! lmao!
driver improvement classes ugh  htc please 
red lobsterrr  it was pretty delicious  now <propmale> pothead! with the boo loverrrr  lol  love 
"bowling with the love, he sucks!!!!!! lol "
s'mores with <propfirst> nd the fam in north <propfemale>!
college visit! woohoooo!!
got excepted to iup! whaddd uppp?!?!?!
new phone! no <propfirst>! text me!!
another college visit at jmu  nd its friggin cold!!
0016- i never said i was doing that number shitttt!!!! lol 
1169- i'm still not doing this damn number thing but since your my main bitch nd i love you to death i will  u piss me off with your laziness sometimes but your always there for me nd i will always have your back cuz u kno i love the way ur ass looks 
mega-mind in 3d!!
at the melting pot with the loverrr!!
walking in a winter wonderlandd!!!
had an amazing birthday thanks to all my friends who made my brunch awesome nd all my family that made dinner great  nd specifically my amazing boyfriend!
its gonna be a white christmas afterall! its snowing!
got a <propfemale> bracelet & necklace from the love for christmas! thank you baby iloveyouuu!
was just jammin out to hot in hurrrr by <propfemale> on my way home! haha what a great old song 
this is such a great day! shopping at columbia mall with my love and then dinner at cheesecake factory with all my loves!
just peed through a strainer and sifted out a kidney stone! yay no more kidney pain!
watching the last exorcisim with the boolove   smile  feels like every second counts now   sad 
aquarium with alotta people  lol  nd of course the lover  first time on the light rail whoohooo  lol 
was trying to fb creep on her roomate but theres way to many effing people with her name!! haha 
wishes she could sleep right now  especially since there's exams tomorrow  yay 
"is waiting for <propfirst> harthman to get his but over here so we can go meet up with <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> schaffer, yayyyyyyy!!!"
kitkat  ((yum))  love 
loves playing around with all the shit at the mma gym before all the real athletes get here  haha 
power just went out    ugh  sad 
"got snowed in with the lover last night, were about to go to <propmale> evans now((yum)), nd then with my bestie for valentines day shopping! yayyy!"
turn on: <propfirst> harthman  hah   love 
can't wait for naptime    
feels like i'm falling for him all over again   love  6 13 10
 great weekend despite some suckage   on my way home then cheesecake factory with the love  happy 9 months <propfirst> harthman  i love you 
just pampered my car on this beautiful day! spoiled bitch   
my lovley lover just brought me subway so i could eat fresh at work! yum 
laser tag? yup   playful 
run with the love  then some biking  relax with him till 5 then wrk  lame 
just busted my ass skateing  yup that's gonna bruise 
just had pancakes on national pancake day!!!! yum     smile 
"s t r e s s e d; ugh  college planning, high school work, prom, and april 14th all around the corner!"
nothing better on a rainy day than hot coffee and pancakes with the love   smile 
people are so indecent! some dumb fuck just ran into the back of my car nd drove away  like wtf!?!?
10 months  wow  everyday is like a miracle for us   wink  iloveyoubabe  your my world @<propfirst> harthman  what am i gonna do without you?
ahhh! i'm soooo bored! someone txt me please!
time to go get some things for the doorrrmmm  come onnn college!!
"packing; pedicure, then dinner at cheesecake  mrytle beach bound in the morning! whoohoo!!!"
"only 10 days left with the babe, then he is off to boot camp   sad  ugh its gonna be a long summer "
