5df27ab3444ab1b6d058a2a6ff7ec87f
"ryder 'til 7ish, then bowling with greece kids at 8!!"
"   it's at the front of my mind, but why can't i seem to remember what it was ? annoyed \"
"is going to russia in 44 days!!!!! omg, can you believe it?!?!"
"russia: 39 days, korey: 7 days, kristine: she's home now!!"
(russia in 4 weeks!)
: ?????? ?? 3 ?????? (3 weeks!!!)
"ahg! two papers in 10 hours  playful  i feel dead   now off to practice, then tutoring, and alas more studying tonight!!"
"history final today, comm final tomorrow but ?????? ? 14 ????! (14 days!)"
yay! classes are over!! and i think i did pretty well  laugh  ?????? ? 13 ????! (13 days!)
"nyc with mom and <propfirst>, russia on wednesday (less than one week)"
"i'm here!! (not much time for internet, but i'm safe and finally to russia)  laugh "
??????!! so much fun  laugh 
should remember to log off her facebook when using someone elses computer!  smile  from <propmale> colling
hasn't been preemptively rejected  yay! we'll see what happens next     laugh 
agh   russian is killing me  annoyed \ but *pavlovsk palace* on saturday!
needs to find how to get a russian keyboard on my computer  any ideas?
doing neglected hist 324 homework  annoyed \ i wish nameeta could just record her lectures instead of me having to actually read the textbooks 
loves getting hit on at the gym by huge russian boxers   if only i knew what was being said  wink 
"leaving for moscow soon, then fall break on the trans-sib to ekateringburg  back in st  <propmale> next sunday  smile "
"played on the border of europe and <propfemale> today, then free tea at ikea, and plane back to st  <propmale> at 10 "
"loves having a bed to sleep in  smile  back in st  <propmale>, finally able to wash these nasty clothes from backpacking"
"   so, today my host mom (sort of) yelled at me \when are you going to speak russian!?\""   then she walked away all flustered and said \""???????! (study!)\""  annoyed \ i think we're good though because i also made her laugh after i tried to cook dinner  smile """
" playful  blah    birthday, shmurf-day    i know what i've always wanted and why can't it just happen  <propfemale> is so not my forte "
"best birthday weekend  smile  thanks to everyone who was able to be a part of it!! it really meant a lot  (and thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone!)"
"just got my birthday package from westpost  laugh  so many birthday cards, and pens, and letters, and pictures   and puppy chow! lol my mom is awesome  smile "
"did a russian banya today  first thing inside the door - fat, naked russian man with a towel around his waist smoking a cigarette  welcome to russia!"
"needs to figure out how to get money before leaving for finland on thursday morning  what to do, what to do   "
"got some money, now to do laundry   and we have snow!! lots and lots of snow  laugh  (ok, not lots  but a few inches   and its good fluffy, packing snow but very slippery)"
"is off to helsinki, finland!! estonia on saturday and seeing paap  laugh  then home to st  <propmale> by sunday night  hope everyone has a good weekend!!"
 love  's estonia   and finland is pretty awesome as well  smile 
"is amazed at all the awesome things people in the past year: ab, greece, *wedding*,  russia  laugh  aww"
lost my phone   fucking metro club 
black friday is happening without me  crying      but souvenir shopping will be fun!
returns to the us in 11 days    not sure how i feel about that  annoyed \ **on the bright side** i am no longer sick!!!  laugh 
"only communist phase history exam tomorrow, then my semester for school will be finito  smile  be arriving in michigan at 1 smile 0pm on sunday!!!"
needing to upload my final russia photos   and wishing i was back 
got moved into my new dorm and has fixed the internet on my computer!! (turns out if you want to use a <propfemale> connection - you need to make sure it isn't disabled first   )
should be all set to compete this friday!! so excited  laugh  and we interviewed about the most amazing coach candidate today   yay!
"6am tomorrow, huh   this would've been great to find out any other time besides 9pm the night before  sad "
"awww -- imop buddies, i miss you guys!"
"? ???? ???? ? ?????? ???? ?????, ????? ????     ???????, ??? ??? "
going for a run   hopefully it will make me feel better 
all my russia photos are now up!! just in time for the next bunch of aifs kids to get to russia  sad 
loves intellectual debates over dinner!  laugh 
"if i cannot learn to journey and return…i want to help someone lost, someone helpless, with the strength of my hand, come to the base of a statue built before they counted the years, fall with my face in my hands and feel their hope in my tears "
final tutor training tomorrow -- then to roks in fort <propmale>!!  smile 
had a blast at roks!! -- starting to reevaluate some things     laugh 
ahhhh))) overtime)))  laugh  way to go )))))
closing ceremonies -- then 2012 london!!  smile  gotta love the olympics
having a great week!  smile 
"-- there exists a very real possibility of returning to st  <propmale> this summer, i just don't know if i'm ready to commit to it "
"ahhhhaha! victory!! -- uptight govt prick, you can suck it - i should go to russia  smile "
   i have sent in my acceptance note---its only mere hours until it's official   laugh  ~  annoyed \
i've had my head stuck in books for so long   i don't even remember what real weekends are anymore 
"omg!!! if i do get the internship in spb this summer, i could probably attend the iccees 2010 conference in stockholm with keynote lecture by mikhail gorbachev!! how sweet would that be?!?!"
golly-g -- <propfemale> woolf - you inspire me!!  laugh 
"amazing race, bitches!!! (sorry) game on in 15 hours - where is president gilbertson?? any clues     wink "
and aj <propfirst> = team gryffindor! oh geez--we didn't win  annoyed \ but we did get the award for team with the best sportsmanship!!
"i'm a <propfemale> - my sister <propfirst> says so  (this is <propfirst>, btw) "
   thesis 
got my toms!!  laugh  it's love  love 
today:  smile  6am practice     :'  invigorating yet infuriating thesis work      laugh  awesome practice     :'{ despair
"today -  smile  6am practice     :'  invigorating yet infuriating thesis work      laugh  awesome practice     :'{ despair      wink  nameeta thinks my thesis is going to be the shit (not in so many words, but still) score!"
"ajkdhsajkhd   prostitution is not the problem!!! stupid, ridiculous, petty old men and their condemnation of women, while the men themselves are the reason why such a profession has even ever existed in the first place! gar - i'm glad i picked such a lively topic "
"ahhh, thesis has become 36 pages   without footnotes  wink  sooo happy to have the bulk of the work done  laugh "
"researching pro-life views on abortion makes me feel like less of a human being   it makes me feel that, in their eyes, i should not use my brain because it will ultimately be of no use  as if being a woman is only secondary to what i am biologically capable of producing    :[ depressing to think that people who don't even know me have already categorized how they feel my life should play out "
less than 16 hours away and on the 4th floor of the library -- i don't know if i'm shaking because i'm so nervous or just freezing cold ??
did pretty well on my presentation today and feeling pretty happy!  laugh 
st  <propmale> in 20 days!! --- if everything goes as planned  smile 
"overwhelmed by oppression and injustice  sad  i think that i may be doomed to a life of \frustration\"" as i fight for the cause """
"likes walking   and all that goes along with it  wink      oh, to just ponder"
"anyone want to make about 100 footnotes for me and reformat my thesis?? pleeaase  smile  -- and then anyone else want to do 6 summaries for themes from women's history, cuz that would be great!"
"done!! (with the thesis) such a beautiful, 43 <propfemale>, work-of-art!!!"
"can't wait to see all the pictures from rf11s' trip  smile  -- & i have my visa for russia, but no word back from @, (connundrum) should i just buy the ticket and get my ass to russia?!?!  wink "
arriving in russia at 17:50 on june 5! that's this saturday!!  laugh 
v sankt-peterburg!!  laugh 
*? ?????-??????????!
"ahh, i need a phone!!"
"got a phone!! and it has a camera!! haha but, i do not know the number   "
syke - phone's a joke    sad  and russian summer my ass; i'm freezing!!!
loves all the new interns i met today!!  laugh 
"+79213558601, for sure this time  no joke and ahh, i'm so excited just thinking about everything that has happened in the past years and all the things to come next year  smile   smile  i can't wait for rfs to begin!!"
"the amazing race was just in spb!!! ahhh, why didnt i see them?!??!!?  sad "
had a great day chilling at the park   with about 150 militsia swarming everywhere!!  wink  then caught a glimpse of the run-through for ???? ??????     which should be so much fun tonight  laugh 
"had the most surreal day - went to the russian academy of sciences' institute of history, got my ear talked off in russian (but i love historians!!  smile  ), and the doctor who invited me gave me a copy of his book!!! and another book (not his, but related topic)--they're in russian, but that's beside the point     laugh   laugh   laugh  endless smiling today"
"is having such a great week - as of last friday  laugh  \if you do what you always did   then you get what you always got and if the outcome never was what you wanted then why continue   its time for change\"""""
heading to khronstadt today with andrey - should be fun!!
"my phone is not working as of yesterday at 5pm  sad  if you are trying to reach me, i don't know how you can -- as well, i will need people's <propfirst> *possibly*"
"it's aliiive!!  wink  the phone is beginning to wake back up, slowly but surely - still planning to buy a different one though     smile  looks like i will be able to talk to people today again "
"what's more \american\"" than going to a flea market for the 4th of july?? heading to udelnaya today -- anyone want to join?  laugh """
"most basic, but essential updates: 1) ahhh, foot = massive amounts of pain and discomfort  sad  , 2) i must buy some groceries, 3) i am for sure buying a new phone today, and 4) vkontake is about the coolest, most illegal but awesome, completely ridiculous website   ever - just watched 2 new movies and have discovered a slight crush on <propfirst> pattinson  laugh "
fuck!! can i not just get a break?!? really? whatever   
"   and i can cha-ange the world!  smile  baby, if i could   "
leaving st pete on this saturday!! bye-bye parties on wednesday and thursday nights -- let me know when you can come and i will let you know where they are  smile )
"tomorrow 15-6-10, spb bar, sadovaya ul  12 14, 8pm - come see me off and help me celebrate my time in st pete!! +7 921 355 8601"
thanks to everyone who was able to make it out tonight -- i had a ball and was so happy to spend some quality time with some great people  smile  -- chef susu tonight  wink  i can't wait!
 sad  packing     why does it seem so difficult to get rid of clothes?? :{
"on my way to finland!! thanks to everyone who made my summer in st  <propmale> so wonderful!! trainees, hosts, russians, and americans  wink  you all hold such a special place in my heart -- always welcome with me, no matter where or when  smile "
andrei sannikov on bbc   interesting interview -- heading to helsinki for the evening
leaving for turku from tampere tomorrow morning at about 4 (!!  sad  ) then getting the 10-hour ferry to stockholm     and i think i may have possibly finally found a host!!  smile )
 annoyed \ stockholm   flying home on monday!!
anyone able to pick me up at dtw on monday!!?? please )) around 6 smile 0pm~ish
"is home finally  smile ) interesting summer, good and bad, exciting and strange   but no matter what it always feels weird to come home again "
snc is over but it was such an intense week  such an awesome group of aiesecers!!  love 
"most of my room decorating is done, just needing a few nails to do the final few frames  smile ) so happy with the progress "
got the blue pochta rossii box today!!!  smile ) definitely worth the wait - opening it felt like christmas morning  smile 
"hey guys - if you could sum me up in one phrase, how would you do it? this isn't one of those stupid fb interactive statuses, i'm just curious to see if i'm perceived the way i believe i am  thanks "
i'm in the aifs study abroad catalog for russia twice!!! check it out - st  petersburg fall 2011 & spring 2012  -- https annoyed  webapps3 aifs com college common catalogs aspx
thinking of building a speech around lenin and gandhi and mlk  wink  aren't you excited to hear it?
"you know those moments when life seems just so incredibly amazing and you are so extremely grateful for everything you've gone through, for all the ideas you've been e playful osed to, and most of all for the people who've taught you more about yourself than you thought you may ever know -- this is one of those moments "
"just realized that on the walls of my room, there are 4 maps, 2 calendars, and only photos art of places i have never seen in reality  isn't that interesting!?"
ahhh - i want to hear some russian!! it's been too long  annoyed \     or some other slavic language that i can try to decipher  smile 
"\real world\"" life is creeping up    0_o    what to do?!?"""
"had such a great time at the mcfta tonight and after  smile  and so happy that i saw ainola when i was in jarvenpaa, it preps me well to understand a little bit about the mindset of a composer  smile "
 annoyed \ hmmmm    - i'm lost   surprise ?
"i have the best and most diverse families ever: ab-dc, greece, russia, aiesec, and of course my actual blood family  love "
"i have the best and most diverse families ever: ab-dc, greece, russia, aiesec, *rf* and of course my actual blood family  love   love "
who knew facebook was a global partner with aiesec???!!
"my bd team is awesome  they are not only enthusiastic to get shit done, but they are cool as hell as well "
ahhh - businesses in the mid-michigan area you don't even know how awesome your partnerships with aiesec are going to be  laugh 
bov i hate you   stop filling my inboxes with reminders to do events that i will not be doing  i'm trying to remember everything i've committed to and i cannot with all these disturbances > annoyed \
having this boy to talk to is drastically cutting in on my ability to get schoolwork done before the day it's due    d:
i miss russia 
"best pandora station ever: <propfemale> barielles & <propfemale> michaelson \winter song\""      love  perfect"""
"snow day: 6am, exam shift and hence a reschedule to fit work: 2pm, work shift: 4 30pm   \i'm screwed\"": now"""
really wishes i had a russian exam to have to cram for     sad  but noooo   playful 
exams are done!! dinner and movie with the fam tonight and then a weekend of shopping and baking and misc fun with my brother in saginaw - so excited!!
i totally understand why children feel the need to run through the house   sometimes it just feels necessary 
@  love ! aiesec saginaw valley state university - way to run a killer info session tonight! such excitement and enthusiasm from everyone  laugh 
