813d7c7ed65ebcb4e0c61b4d06f0d79d
first chair in honor band!!!!!i'm so excited!!!
the whole freakin horn section hates me cause i got first chair in honor band  this is irritating =p
my hair is gonna get cut soon!!!
at <propfemale>'s house 
people annoy the crap outta me  > sad 
"you know, sometimes i wish i could have the whole world to myself  i need time to myself "
playing settlers with my best buddy    jennnnnnaaaaa   hot sexy beast!!!!!
"*sigh* i miss playing music     i want it back  i eat, sleep, and breath music normally, but where did it go?"
i can't find my cousin    jillian where are you!?!?!?
<propmale> potter!!!!i might see it with that sexy beast jenna love       or the love of my life    danielle!!!!
i need to practice 
i got my hair cut!!!
really? is she really that dumb?wooooow 
i got new clothes!!!
extremely tired  going to <propfemale>'s house soon 
i wish i didn't screw up at my audition  i know i could gotten something better then 4th chair  sad 
"i know this sounds weird, but i can;t wait until the first day of school"
"vote for bri on americas got talent!!!you can vote up to 10 times  go on to www myspace com brimusicrocks and scroll down a little, you'll see the agt link  click on that and vote for bri!!!!she needs all the support she can possibly get!!!hellp her get closer to her goal of 1,000,000 dollars!!! smile "
i'm so sick of people 
my ego went up about 500% since the first day at lva  i'm in love with this school! smile 
"okay, so    i'm audition fot the national honor orchestra this month      and, surprisingly, i'm not nervous at all  i still need to work on my solo   well i actually need to decide what i want to play first  then, i need a resume    oh wonderful  more to worry about  if i make it in, it will be the best e playful eriance of my life  can't wait!!! i'll be the happiest person alive  haha  music is definetly my future  smile "
"music theory needs to go die!!!no matter how hard i try, i always do horrible on my tests  i want to improve!!!!i'm glad we're working on intervals cause uts so easy  maybe i'll actually get 100% on it  i actually considered going back to silverado next year  i was having such a horrible day "
working on paudert for a master class this week  smile 
i've decided that i'm gonna play franz strauss op 8 for the lv <propmale> young artists competition  i really enjoyed the master class with j d  shaw the other day  smile 
"well   i didn't make the national honor orchestra, but i didn't e playful ect it anways    thats for amazing musicians to be in, and i'm no where near their level  annoyed "
this is getting ridiculous  i need a silent brass mute now  d:
there is no such thing as time  think about it    
"2011, you're going down   wink "
"honor band was amazing  my solo apparently sounded good too, but that's not my opinion  i thought i sounded gross "
"everyone these days are so materialistic and greedy  they need to learn the true meaning of life  i have, have you?"
"wow, apparently my cousin is a beast at sax  smile  way to go, rad!!!"
i gave money to a hobo today smile  
london phil        hmmmm       
just <propmale> out with my best friend!!!jenna i love you!!! love 
i'm really enjoying myself right now  life is good  horn choir tomorrow  smile 
i just realized that lvywo is gonna conflict with the unlv horn choir rehersal dates   ugh   what am i gonna do?
i gave money ton another homeless person today!!!
i've decided that i'm going to grad school in germany  smile  berlin university of the arts 
track starts tomorrow!!!! smile 
my lips are dead from honor band  annoyed  concert tomorrow at unlv!!you should all come!!!
honor band concert was intense =p
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xuynz_r2aay
"i think i've overloaded myself with so many ensembles and rehersals for different things that i haven't been paying attention to my grades  annoyed  this is stressful  i never thought i would do this, but i'm doing 2 rehersal on the same day every week plus all the school practicices and my practicing at home   handbells, mariachi, and all of that  i'm not dropping any of it though  i love my insturment too much "
"i had my all-state audition today and it went perfect  except the recording while i was doing my second song didn't work, so i had to record it again and it sounded terrible  that's totally unfair  i wanted my first chair in orchestra and because of technical difficulties, there's a possibility that i didn't get it  sad (((("
i wish people understood how much i like him  how do you know when you're in love? jazz audition tomorrow!!!!
i might be in top jazz band!!!yay!!!
"i can't wait until horn choir!!!haha i'm such a dork, but heyyy, who cares!??! i love the pictures during the midwest trip, <propfirst>!!!"
"i hate academics, but i absolutely love music "
"<propfemale>, you are a true friend  you too, chy, and hunter =p no one comes around those type of people, that often, in their lifetime "
i want to play my horn!!!! i don't want to do this stupid essssaaayyyy!!!looks like i'm gonna be up all night practicing  sounds like fun 
"i'm dead tired, but i'm glad i finished my essay    now i need to practice my horn   i'm thrilled "
"i'm ready for both rehersals after school today!!!!! well, actually, i'm not really looking foward to west side story, but,hey, what can you do?"
"well, the doctoral recital was today!!!done with that!! now, tomorrow i have a concert with <propfirst> bliss at lva, 2 surprise 0pm!!! can't wait!!i love being so busy!!!"
"<propfemale> just told me to wear black garbage bags to the concert, should i? i don't know what else to wear  lmao"
practicing my horn  see ya!!!!
<propfirst> bliss sounded amazing!!!i really enjoyed his performance  he's cute too  haha
"i'm having a very productive conversation with bowen, for once  jeez, i'm glad all that is over now  i wish i could play my horn on the <propfemale>  do you know how entertaining that means to me? the only thing is, sound doesn't travel in space  it's just a big thing of nothingness "
"i'm having a very productive conversation with bowen, for once  jeez, i'm glad all that is over now  i wish i could play my horn on the <propfemale>  do you know how entertaining that is to me? the only thing is, sound doesn't travel in space  it's just a big thing of nothingness "
i am not in a good mood right now > annoyed 
i am not in a good mood right now > annoyed  i hate people 
"i'm sorry, but i'm a leader, not a follower > annoyed "
"just speaking the truth, <propmale>  get over it "
"<propfemale>, you have to make my cookies extra big, when my b-day comes around  just cause i'm a brass player, you know   "
i got more songs to play to upload on youtube  can't wait!!!
i'm gonna go practice now  see ya!!!
"hmmm, lvywo wasn't that great today, but horn choir was intense  my duet with <propfemale> is coming along, but we do have some shakey parts we need to polish up  i'm gonna get my mariachi music soon  i love mondays "
ugh long tones   you gotta love 'em 
"okay, i do not agree with seniority  it should go by ability level!!!"
"have i lost interest in it? i haven't practiced that much lately  ugh, this is depressing  annoyed "
"heyyy!!! solo ensemble is tomorrow @ <propmale> hs!!!my horn duet is at 8 surprise 0am and my woodwind quintet is at 2:10pm  you should watch!!!my quintet is playing \pastorale\""by beethoveen   i think """
"heyyy!!! solo ensemble is tomorrow @ <propmale> hs!!!my horn duet is at 8 surprise 0am and my woodwind quintet is at 2:10pm  you should watch!!!my quintet is playing \pastorale\""by persichetti   a very abstract piece =p"""
"i got a 2 on my horn duet    next year i'm not gonna choose such an intense piece  i want to get a 1 on my quintet!!!no, i will get a one on my quintet!!!i wanna make it all the way to state!!!come and watch it @ <propmale> hs at 2:10pm!!!"
i am very depressed 
"i'm just gonna do a solo for solo ensemble next year  i can't depend on anyone,apparently, to earn a 1   i'm depressed as hell "
"well i'm done glooming over solo ensemble  it's valentines day and i'm gonna make the most of it  and besides, i'm gonna find out all-state results in two days!!!"
"hmmm, what am i doing today? any ideas?"
"okay, i'm definetly gonna practice all day today!!!! i already missed a day  sad  all-state results tomorrow!!!!"
so i'm guessing the results aren't coming today   thanks for getting my hopes up <propmale>!!!!! annoyed 
"i loved playing the west side story solo today  it was pretty exciting  now, i can finally relax and do my homework     while i'm on facebook "
"the concert wasn't our best today, but the puccini sounded pretty good "
"i'm not \grounded\"" anymore!!! ooooh i love life!!! smile """
i need to start practicing trumpet again    i'll start next week   can't wait!!! smile 
"i'm frustrated  there's a girl in spain that is my age and is waaaaaay better than me at horn, but i mean, she has been playing since she was 7  i wish my parents would've started me in music that early  she's a very talented musician  smile "
@ <propfemale>'s house!!! i'm definetily gonna start eating healthier      tomorrow  
watched casino royale w  tons of amazing people today!!!i'm at nicoles house right now!!!good night!!
i love life 
berkley summer camp     
"dear all-state people in charge of posting the results: post it up already!!! sincerely, everyone  i don't understand why you have to keep us waiting?!?!?just put it on the freakin website!!!"
<propmale> scared the crap outta me just now  he said bri and <propfemale> were in orch and nima was 1st in band and i was 2nd   oh god dont ever do that again!!! it was fake though    just so you know   
first in all-state orchestra sounds nice right now  i'm enjoying the thought 
"good night, everyone!!! see you all tomorrow  good luck w  all-state!!!"
"i am not in a good mood  second chair overall in all-state, but they switch out the horns, so i had to be first in band  i'm going to practice alot over the summer so no one can catch up to  i have a lot of motivation right now  competition makes my blood boil to the point when i have to get what i want!> annoyed "
i'm really enjoying west side rehersal now  smile  i also am having a good time reading farenheit 451  that book is so crazy!!!
"i just finished watching our honor band play \the roosters lay eggs in kansas\""  i find it amusing how fast the trumpets sprang from their seats and started playing their soli  laugh """
"so, west side rehersals and performances, orchestra festival, band pre-fest, band festival, band trip to california, and all-state, anything else?"
"i just had an amzing conversation with my cousin, rad!!!good night!!!i am finally content    "
"hmmm, american salute? i remember playing that song in lvyo last year  i should find the song online    "
"so, i looked into berkley for over the summer, but then i realized    i'm broke  annoyed  i wanted to go there for jazz horn    oh well "
i wonder what type of fish are on the very bottom of the sea  probably some prehistoric creaures of some sort  annoyed  who knows    
"today should be interesting  my parents wanna look at houses in the bonanza hs area  then we're gonna go to borders, and maybe the mall  i love spending time with my family   smile  i don't get to do this that much    to busy with school   wink "
"i really hope she's not  sh'es one of my good friends, and i had no idea she was like that    that's life  i tried my best to show her     "
"frozen yogurt, anyone?"
cadences   cadences   inverted chords   tenor clef  timed key tests     music theory    figured bass   music theory    ugh   theory    the math portion of music    *dislike*=p
my 16th birthday is next saturday!!!
i am enjoying life very much at the moment     wink 
our concert tonight sounded pretty good  smile 
http annoyed  www petitionspot com petitions savethewhipple
save <propmale> whipple for lvyo!!! http annoyed  www petitionspot com petitions savethewhipple
orchestra festival tomorrow    i'm excited to miss 3rd period    too bad i couldn't miss math with collins  *sigh*
"everyone! west side story is opening tomorrow night  it's gonna be good  smile  tickets are 18$ if you go to startickets com and search \lva\""  you can also buy them at the door   laugh  - this status was stolen from brenden!!! wink """
"ms  collins accused me of cheating on a test that i didn't even cheat on today  i tried telling her i didn't, but i couldn't get through her hard-headedness  what am i gonna do now?"
"i have about 50 million thoughts racing through my mind right now, and i think i'm sick and done with it all "
haha i can't wait until west side story next weekened!!!!!! i'm bursting with joy!!!  laugh ddd i love life!!!
"i went to an asian festival by ts today and i got my past, present, and future read by a psychic  i think i might be starting to believe in them  it was pretty intense!"
is wanting to go to <propmale> tomorrow  =p
"everything went my way, the right way  the psychic was right    strange "
"there's a dead cat outside of my house, on the sidewalk  poor thing  sad "
hmmmm    music or interventional cardiologist? i think i wanna stick with my music   smile 
"i love <propfemale> welchel, atreya holman, <propfemale> perea, chy miller, and <propfemale> <propfemale> bernstein!!!! love 333"
"wants friday to hurry up, so i can help out with festival and play in wss and think about my birthday which is the following day!!!hahahaha"
"well, it wasn't my best performance for wss, but i'll do better next time and get into the groove of things   wink "
my 16th birthday is tomorrow   i don't really celebrate it   haha it's just another day  smile 
i don't turn 16 until 8:10pm today!!!!frustrating      wink ))) i'll be playing at wss   i'm excited!!!
is going to some <propfemale> fair in henderson  i'll be back in the afternoon!!! smile 
is going to practice my horn within the next 4-5 hours  maybe i'll practice horn choir stuff     ?  laugh dd
needs to get her grades up for the la band trip  i am majorly stressed!!!! annoyed 
"wishes she was a straight \a\"" student again   annoyed """
"is going to bed with my ambition  i'm gonna have a musical summer  and when i come back, you'll hear a difference "
"did okay at her lvywo concert  i could've done better, but there's always room to improve  i need to decide what i'm gonna play for my master class     any ideas horn players?"
will become exactly what she wants to be 
i played the wss solo perfectly for the bowing music!!!omg!!! this is the best day ever   smile 
"is very happy that she is eligable for the band trip, but sad that west side story is over  today was my last performance, but it went extremley well   smile  the final day is tomorrow at 7pm in the lowden theater  i highly recommend this production "
"i wanna start a little tradition    i wanna play <propfirst> for my last jury senior year, just like dawnie did   wink "
was the only one who didn't get the midwest cd cause my name was last on the list and they ran out    ugh 
"it was closing night, and the pit was recognized, so everyone walked onto stage (including the people who doubled on the parts)    everyone in the pit was wearing black   except me   wink  i stuck out haha  i was wearing dark grey and black, so it wasn't that bad  good job all wss members!!!"
i have a master class at unlv today!!!i'm veryyy excited!!!
soooo   i had two master classes today    i really enjoyed myself   it was a very informative e playful erience  i want to do horn day again next year   wink 
so chy just finished telling me that she would work on moonlight sonata and play it for me!!!this is like a dream come true!!i love that song!!!  laugh dd horn choir todaaayyy!!!!  wink 
awww   i really wanted to go see mr  bernatis' recital tonight   sad  oh well   maybe next time 
um   i think i'm gonna end up being and old cat lady when i'm older     wink 
is going to go practice my horn for 3 hours and actually get something done 
"is very angry cause someone crossed my name off of bus 1, and put me on bus 2  ugh   i hate stupid people "
is not in a good mood  > annoyed 
now has a farmer's tan from california   wink 
"soooo <propfirst> came up with a bunch of nicknames for almost everyone on the california band trip  my name is tray tray, and i hope you begin to address me as that   wink "
"is going to begin running again over spring break, get myself a tan, and be a happy and healthy child   wink  i owe it all to universal studios' 800 flights of stairs which i am very suprised i'm not sore today   smile "
"is in the mood to eat some sushi today  my profile picture looks like i don't know how to use chopsticks, but i totally do   wink  i kinda want ramasasa to be my last name  it sounds so intense  <propmale> is so lucky "
my imagination is a world of insanity 
"i just came back from a fantastic new place, now i'm in reality "
finally i am leaving my world for the time being and journeying through boring reality     annoyed 
feels bad that she was getting off right when her cousin wanted to talk  sad  i love you very much rad!!! love 333
good morning!!! today i am gonna practice like a beeeeeeeeeeaaaasssttttt!!!!!to make up for my other days of slacking     ugh 
"knows what she is gonna play for her jury at the end of the year  she came across it in a very strange book  her lips are throbbing from using waaaay too much pressure for it though  it's a very technical piece which is the type she absolutely adores!!!now, she is excited!!!  playful pppp"
okay so we're playing angels in the architecture for all-state and that is pretty much my favorite song  i am so glad i'm in all-state band this year  all of our songs are very intense  2 more weeks     i think i'm gonna choose band again next year  laugh 
"is excited cause she's going to <propfemale> out with her old friend, <propfemale>, whom she misses very much "
"her jury song is coming along quite well, but she just needs to get it up to speed  she is about to go and practice for another 3 hours making it 5 total today   laugh "
is eager to practice the lvyo audition music   even though it's waaaay easier than the music from the past 2 years    whatever   less work for me   smile 
is going to practice her horn for 5 hours     oh and eat breakfeast      wink 
"omg, my jury sounds amazing             that was sarcasm btw "
just cam home    and she bought a flute today!!! smile 
my tv just turned off by itself and my mom said she just felt a cold breeze    i am reaaallllyy creeped out now     sad ((((
ughhhhh!!!!my brother makes the most annoying sounds when he's angry!!!!he screams like a maniac!!! > annoyed 
just ate an omlete that doesn't even compare to the one she ate in california  0_0
is getting frustrated with her flute!> sad 
just came back from horn choir  i've noticed that all horn players are so weird   i wonder why certain people are attracted to certain instruments     it's very strange  flute players are always the most mature   clarinets are stuck up  wink    what else?
loves <propfemale> welchel right now    and forever   wink 
"\ i am the <propmale> white\"" <propmale> thinks he's so special      laugh  hahaha ily <propmale>!"""
should start practicing now before she gets too tired!!! see ya!!!  wink 
"is entering her own demension, where things go her way, by her laws "
"is going to be playing horn for the choir concert on may 19th  you should go and watch!! peer reveiw opportunity!! oh, and i'm also done procrastinating for the year      wink "
"is trying to find finale notepad for free online  jeeezzz!!!everything has to cost money these days, doesn't it!?!?!?"
"i need to start paying attention in music theory   i just composed my first song last night on finale notepad, and i did it all by ear cause i don't know about any of the cadence crap      annoyed "
"just came from her very first flute lesson with <propfemale>, and i gotta say    <propfemale> whelchel is one hell of a teacher!!! i had a very informative session with her     wow    i didn't know there was so much to have to know about flute!!!!"
aaaaw the polish president and a bunch of other top government officials died on a plane crash when they were landing in russia  there were no survivors on that plane of 96 people   annoyed 
"just came back from a 2 hour bike ride!!! i was searching for garage sales, but apparently people are too lazy to take the freakin signs off when they're over!!!"
who is the voice of <propmale> e  cheese?!?!
"today was hell because of my brother    i tried watching 2012, and i didn't enjoy one bit of it all thanks to diego     > annoyed "
"the jazz concert went really well today  <propmale> is a beast at soloing!!!! love 333 now, i'm going to bed   wink "
"is ready to beast all-state!!! good luck, everyone!  smile "
is pissed off that she was blamed for every single mistake <propmale> made during all-state rehersal today!!!!  > sad  that's not happening tomorrow!!!
everyone did spectacular today!!! i kinda wih i could have seen the all-state orchestra though    hahahaha
i wish all-state would've lasted longer   we didn't get too much rehersal time   oh well   i really enjoyed myself anyways   wink 
is looking up solo's for horn and piano for next years solo ensemble   laugh  louis-françois dauprat
good night 
is attempting to practice all day   laugh 
"thanks for breaking my mute, <propmale>!!! > annoyed "
i just found something out! anthony's b-day is on friday!!!omg!!! he's turning 15!!!they grow up so fast  *tear*
good morning! i hope i have a good day today! can't wait until tomorrow!!!nicole!!!  wink 
is gonna try and find some music that's worth playing right now     annoyed 
"ok, now i'm gonna go practice   wink "
"went to watch the silverado softball team win another game  the jv team is waaaay better than last years, just sayin'    and i can just imagine the varsity team this year  especially with beasts like taylee and <propfemale> and <propfirst> on it  i have to go to their next game   wink "
why isn't anyone on? - -
ok   i just got something from interlochen    too bad its so e playful ensive!!!  laugh 
"found her 2 contrasting pieces, oh   and my jury   laugh "
so uh   with the help of anthony   i have decided that i am gonna do sonata 1 by hindemith for my jury  mission accomlished  0_0
"whoa, i just had the same dream 2 nights in a row  that has never happened before  0_0 it's pretty much telling me what i'm scared of  < < > >"
"so, horn choir is done for the year  the concert went pretty well   on my part   if you dont count all the cracked notes in the 3rd song   laugh  now, i need to practice the music for the lva choir concert may 19th  so much to do, so little time!"
i visited my middle school band teacher today   smile  i miss middle school    it was so easy!  laugh 
is confused   annoyed 
i need to find a pink friendship necklace cause owens edge wanted one  he's my best <propmale> 
is going running today    or maybe i'm gonna ride my bike   or both? who knows 
is reading the lovely bones by <propfemale> sebold  it's such a good book so far! 0_0
"\we shall not cease from e playful loration and the end of all our e playful loring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time \"" ~ t s  eliot"""
"dear <propfemale> perea , you make my life complete   laugh  lets set a day to <propfemale> out sometime soon! we can't let the different schools get in our way! how about next saturday?"
why do i always get blamed for everything!?!??!
"so, i got a new metronome saturday and i can finally practice my audition piece for lvyo, but i still need to get batteries for it   annoyed  god, i wonder what in the world happened to my other one?!?! the last time i saw it was like 4 months ago   "
is stressed cause she has to figure out how to do her theory homework 
"i have a one chord written right now, but the 5th is in the bass i have to write the inversion next to the chord number  what is the inversion sign thingy    not a i6, but a i something!!! ughhhh!!! i forgooottt!!!"
"i just got back from my lesson, and i have to say i really had a good time and i learned alot about myself too     i can't keep time to save my life   laugh "
"\ambition is a powerful motivation and can lead you into conflict if you let it get out of control; relax \"" someone told me that while ago    i should probaly listen to them   """
happy mothers day!
is attempting to go there  and stay there  of all the mindless things   wink 
"i skipped my <propmale> rehersal, finished all of my homework, practiced my horn, and finally had time to myself to watch a movie that i've been wanting to watch forever   laugh  life is so amazing right now!"
"so uh, my audition went terrible, but my sightreading was amazing "
"i'm composing at the moment, and this piece is definetly one of my better ones   "
"so,uh, i finally found my answer i've been looking for    i kind of e playful ected it the whole time though   that is the worst feeling anyone could ever get hit with  i hope no one ever has to feel this way    i wish nothing but good for people, regardless of how much i hate them "
"so, my brother is walking around in my mom's high heeled boots    its probably the funniest thing i have seen   smile "
i did pretty well at the choir concert today! i only cracked one note! and i got the high c# for the last note of the concert!  smile  oh i loved today!
i am composing once again  piano piece this time 
i made lvyo phil      again     
rad    i wish you were on right now     annoyed  i miss you my amazing cousin!!!hahahaha
"now, i'm typing a story i wanna publish   smile "
my best friend made it into lvyo <propmale> on cello!!! omg!!!! <propfemale> <propfirst> perea i looove youuuu!!!
i have 10 pages of my story done! and i'm almost done with the 1st chapter!  smile 
"is getting tired, but doesn't wanna go to bed because she's too into her story "
"finished her english homework, and practiced for an hour  she can now spend the rest of her night typing up her story   laugh "
krzesimir d?bski - concerto for french horn    i wanna play that for some performance one during my high school career   i need to find the sheet music somewhere   
"som from this day foward, i'm gonna make a change  and you will most definitely see it when i come back to school  i don't wanna have that attitude anymore  i wanna have the attitude a musician should have "
"everytime i have a concert or rehersal, my bff has a freakin concert at the same time! ughhh, i never get to see her orchestra performances!!! <propmale> always schedules it on the worst days for me!  annoyed  i'm sorry <propfemale> <propfirst> perea!!!"
"ran 4 <propmale> today, and is back in shape and ready for the summer workout    laugh "
"6 mile run, 8 lbs  kettle weights, 3 mile bike ride, 1100 calorie goooooood fooood diet, tanning, 20 push ups increasing, and then it's a done deal!"
"is training for her first race of the summer! 401k money run 10k, 5k, and 1m: las vegas oulet center, 6 surprise 0am june 12, 2010   i'm running the 5k "
"okay, i am sooooore right now, but that's not gonna stop me! a light 4 mile run today and weeeeight liiiifting!  laugh "
"uuhhh, instead of running the 4 <propmale> like i planned, i ended up making myself run 6 5 <propmale>   pretty sweet run   wink "
is about to ride her bike down to the store to get some eggs!
needs to practice her horn   laugh 
"i wish all you naturally skinny people, knew what it felt like to work and achieve your figure! it's more satisfying our way anyways   playful "
"i will miss you: <propfemale> <propfemale> bernstein, <propmale> camuglia, and matteo <propfemale>!!! good luck with your future endeavors!!! graduating class of 2010!!!  smile )))"
all of my exams are done!! i only have band and <propmale>! pretty exciting!  smile 
"so, after a year of officially not playing trumpet, i suck so bad, and i know i don't deserve to be in jazz iii next year   annoyed "
i made first chair in lvyo!!!  laugh dd
"<propfemale> <propfirst> perea made fun of my tan today, oh wait    what tan!?!?! what a jerk! hahaha  love  best buddaaayyyy!"
i practiced from 9 smile 0pm to 11 smile 0pm because i was so scared that the trumpet messed up my horn playing    it's all good now   no worries    until i have to play trumpet again    annoyed 
is finally a <propmale>!! i have a feeling that this coming year is going to be fantastic!!! smile 
"eos, <propmale> quan!!! i'm gonna look if they have some at walgreens close to my house, cause mine is gonna run out soon! i might try out the other \flavors\""  they have blue right?"""
"just finished practicing for 4 hours, and wants to do 2 more  our piece for lvyo, <propfemale>,  is coming along quite well  i fell in love with the massive amount of spectacular horn entrances in the recording \band camp audition music is pretty sweet, and i almost have that down   smile \ohhh i love my french horn!!! \class of 2012!!!"
good workout this morning-4 mile run! only a week left until my 5k race! now for breakfast!  smile 
"\a musician never gives up on something!\""- <propfemale> thoryo"""
"getting audition excerpts, but i can't find brahms' symphony no  3 the 3rd mvt   annoyed "
is practicing like a beast!
horn concerto no  1 kv  19 by <propmale> e  <propfirst>  mmm-mm-mmmm   smile 
"<propfirst> brain was killed in a road accident while driving back from the edinburgh festival in his triumph sports car, in august 1957  the following day he was due to play in a recording of strauss' opera capriccio and to this day some people still erroneously believe that he can be heard in this recording, which was conducted by wolfgang sawallisch  that's so creepy   to bad it's not true    laugh "
"well, sundays were supposed to be the days i don't play my horn at all, but   uuhhh i couldn't resist   smile  it's like an addiction "
hawaiian candies are the greatest!
"is studying everything about music, and practicing like a beast "
i've decided what i'm gonna play for solo ensemble next year  life is pretty sweet right now 
i taught my baby brother how to color in the lines of a coloring book and it looks pretty spiffy now  he's a an artist!   laugh 
horn choir went swell last night  playing at graduation today and then going to kendall's house to swwwim!!! excited!  wink  then practice for four hours after that   laugh 
i just went swimming and got a <propmale> tannnn   laugh 
ugh  brass player drama  again? seriously!?!? can't you just get over it and face reality?
i think i wanna play horn all day today   i'm obsessed right now   annoyed 
is going to dye her hair   laugh 
i wish a brand spankin' new <propfemale> brass conn  laugh rs (detatchable <propfemale>) would fall from the sky and land safely on the ground in front of me  i'd be the happiest person alive 
is ready to sit down and watch the world cuuuuppp!!! come on spaaaiin and <propfemale>!
"so, i'm looking at 10 colleges so far  university of miami is one of my top choices   wink "
"okay, i just finished my first 5k rance of my summer season! 0_0"
"just had an amazing time at her best friends pool party!  smile  love you, <propfemale> <propfirst> perea!!!"
"is insanely sore for not training for that 5k(i really regret that) and then going straight to an amazing pool party and swam for 7 hours! 0_0 but from 9 surprise 0pm-11 smile 0, i watched karate kid at the south point, and it's now my favorite movie!"
"can't wait until june 26th, <propfemale> <propfemale>, and <propfemale> <propfirst> perea !!!!  smile ))"
omg!!! 0_0 i increased my range on horn to an e!!!! this is amazing!!
u s  history is sooo easy  i am actually learning more now than i was last year in world history  probably cause i only need to focus on one subject right now   wink 
10 mile bike ride    sweeetttt!
rehersal went very well tonight 
"is gonna goto dunkin donuts inl <propmale> 10 mins \i also wanna work for the cia  < < > >"
secret service 
"logistics officer, economic analyst, military analyst, information management "
second 5k race tomorrow!!!  laugh  i'm gonna beast it!
i gooot 3rd plaaaccceee in the 5k! beast!
"so, i had the best father's day today( yes, we're celebrating it today)  we both entered in the 5k and he got 1st place for the guyyysss and i took 3rd for women  i'm glad he had a good day today   i hope he's able to compete in the 10k at lake mead with me next weekend   smile "
"morning workouts always makes me feel energiiiized!\still thinking about the fabulous toy story 3 movie from last night!  wink "
"hey, <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst> perea, i think i might be able to go on the 3rd! my call time will be around 6pm, so i prolly won't be able to eat dinner at kabuki with you, but i can most likely spend the shopping day with you guys!!!  love "
"uggghhh!!!  the lvtc 5k race i did yesterday, recorded my time wrong!!! > annoyed  i still got 3rd though, but they recorded it a minute and 30 seconds slower!"
is gonna pull a hilarious prank next year  got it all planned out 
is determined 
is extremely depressed cause she had a terrible horn choir rehersal and didn't practice for 3 days  i feel so guilty  and hate myself at the moment  i'm going to go practice right now and let off some steam   annoyed   
"is hanging with <propfemale> ? \myv right now!!! and is gonna dye my haaaiiirr todaaayy! excited!  smile  i \really miss spending quality time with <propfemale> "
i had an exciting day today   smile 
i hate this 
why do i get blamed for his crap?!?!?
"is attempting to relax, but it's not really working out so well  so many thoughts scrambling through my mind at once   smile  intense "
got 1st place in the lake mead 6 mile race!  laugh dd
"extra terrestrial full <propfemale> midnight 10k, <propfemale>, nv  area 51  in august!  smile "
good news!  laugh 
"i'm grabbing life by the horns, and it's not escaping "
3 auditions to work on for the summer    this is a challenge  and they're all a couple days after eachother   playful 
"uuugghh, i should have but on my ankle brace for the 5k  i did terrible cause i didn't have it! me and my stupidity   annoyed   "
is going to lower her 3 1 <propmale> time to 21 mins 
"the community band concert went well last night, but the wind blew my music over a few times, and i didn't enjoy that   laugh "
"as i rode through the lonely road i discovered marshland in the middle of the desert, and somehow ended up in shoshone, california  my journey ended there and we traveled back to las vegas, but on the way, we got some beef jerky (deer meat, pepper flavored ), and then we came home "
woooo! i hit an f above the staaaafffff!!! life is sooo goooddd! happy fourth of july! speaking of fourth    i raised my range up by a 4th during this summer!  laugh  music theory!
smash crackle pop
might go to secta for cross country next year  < < > >
"four mile run today, then night school   annoyed "
needs to practice her horn today 
"had a pot luck in u s  history today, and ate a bunch of nachos, and <propfirst> madagame's spectacular meatballs with fried rice  oh it was great "
omg!   <propfemale> civetz  is singing the national anthem for obama today! good luck! i wish i could be there! smile 
things are lookin good   smile 
5th place  annoyed   lowered my time   love 
the work record for a 5k is 12 smile 9 36  pretty intense  that's my goal   playful  ha!
speed workout tomorrow! laugh  can't wait!
note to self: don't run 5 <propmale> when it's 111 degrees   playful 
running 10 <propmale> tomorrow  getting ready for the half marathon   playful 
is going to dye her hair darker soon  with some red in it!  laugh 
"okay, starting next monday  six hours of practicing a dayyyyy! stress! ugh so close to those auditions!!!!!!"
o m g  <propfemale> perea look at my profile picture!  laugh  finally! one picture with me and you both looking decent together!  laugh dd
uughh   just one more week   playful 
hmmm   that went by fast   only 5 and a half weeks until school starts   playful 
chamber rehersal tonight  this is exciting   smile  i get to miss night school! yeess!
hey guyyysss! i grew like an inch this summer! mission accomplished!  laugh 
going to the gym  just got a membership today!  laugh 
cycling tomorrrooowwwww morning!!
"keeping strong motivation for two completely different, big, goals is tough  it's difficult to balance it "
ughhh!!!i couldn't even do 30 push ups after our run today?!? i lost all of my muscle!> sad 
"oh jeez, i'm sore, and what's even better    we're on the track today and i absolutely hate the track, but ya gotta do what you gotta do to improve, right?  smile "
lost 10 pounds   laugh dd exciting!
needs more motivation 
"i love it how in 4 days i completely lost my playing ability on horn  auditions are in 2 weeks    *sigh* it really is a wake up call  so many things to work on, but not enough time  life goes by so fast "
"\even the most beautiful roses have thorns \""- <propfemale> perea luv ya best friend!!!!"""
mmmm  rasberries 
"so far   i've dropped 3 minutes off of my 5k time this summer, and i wanna drop 2 more before the cross country season starts  then i'll be satisfied    kinda   wink "
"okay, well i guess i'll just focus on one goal until next week  balancing 2 completely different ones is getting to be too much for me "
cross country race tomorrow morning  i am pumped!  laugh ddd
"wooowwww  the first cross country race i was actually energized for   i slept through my alarm clock and missed the race  man, that sucks  well there's next week's race to look foward too  the legends of cross country  intense "
wants to travel the world 
i love it how i've been drawing for 6 years and i still have trouble drawing an even circle   playful 
goal: 25 <propfemale> 5k time this saturday! piece  of  cake 
wants to dye her hair blaaaccckkkkkk  the color that i looove the mooost!  wink 
"okay, i'm satisfied for now  4 hours of practicing done  one week left!"
sorry <propfemale> perea!!! i'll call you tonight at around 9!! i keep forgetting   playful 
"1 physics i h <propfemale> zelmanski \\2 u s  history honors aidan gorman<---i already took that over the summer! \\3 world instrumental jazz studies <propfirst> bowen \\5 advanced band <propfirst> downey \\7 secondary instrument study <propfirst> downey \\8 probability & statistics  <propfirst> ripp"
"i am enjoying the precious time i have, to talk to my cousinnnn! luv yaaa, rad bolt !! love 33"
"sooo, uuhh, now i'm starting think i shouldn't have given up trumpet in jazz   i mean   how many peices am i gonna be able to play for jazz horn? and i'm gonna be a jazz major    i think i made a mistake     annoyed   "
"i've decided i'm doing 3 octave scales for my audition, and 4 octaves for the ones i can do   playful pp it's getting closer to that time!"
to the gym!
is happily practicing her horn for the next 5 hours   smile 
o m g  <propfirst> goncalves is phenomenal  his playing is like the most beautiful thing i have ever heard in my life  *_*
"ahhhh i looove villanelle  there are no words to discribe this sooonnngggg  well, i found my lvyo concerto competition piece  now i just need to find the piano part to it "
"most americans' car horns beep in the key of f  \\most cows give more milk when they listen to music  \every time beethoven sat down to write music, he poured ice water over his head "
"so i found out something productive i could do  when ever i can't sleep, get up and practice my horn regardless of what the time is  smile  that could work considering the fact i have only had a total of 4 hours of sleep in 2 days  so many thoughts scramble through my mind at night! > annoyed "
"25:21? i knocked off 2 minutes in one week! i achieved my goal of wanting a 25min 5k time at a very important race to me  \determination is the key \"""""
silverado intramurals tomorrow! i'm getting impatient!  laugh 
they should make instruments that tune themselves  > annoyed 
just came back from a good workout today at the gym   smile 
good morning! oh how i have forgotten how much i love working out early in the morning! silverado cross country intramurals went well today! looking foward to a great competitive season!
running + music = life
life gets you back in the strangest ways    
"is addicted to the feeling of improvement and becoming a faster, better, and stronger human being "
mmmmm   breakfeast after a fantastic workout always puts me in a phenomenal mood   smile 
lva band auditions tomorrow! good luck to all lva band people!  smile 
"so many things i want to accomplish, but not enough time  i will make time   wink "
"well my audition didn't go as well as i wanted it to; i screwed up on my 3 octave scales   annoyed  but there's always room for improvement, and i can't wait to get over that speed bump  good luck to everyone today!  smile "
"woo! a total of 5 <propmale> for my run today  that cleared my mind of my disappointing audition  now onto bigger and better things  band camp tomorrow, then xcountry practice right after  life is oh so good   love "
band camp was entertaining today! great job everyone!  smile  i hope everyone gets the results they want tomorrow after our concert! love 
"as <propmale> year rapidly approaches before me, i am beginning to feel like i have no time in my life anymore  these are my last 2 full years   annoyed  it's going by too fast "
"well, i got 1st chair, but i am still happy to be sitting next to a phenomenal horn player like <propfemale>  i am very excited for our horn section this year   smile  great job to everyone today!"
i cannot wait until school starts  this is literally gonna be the best year of my life   smile  ~class of 2012~
"7 hours of practicing is done  i picked out my jury for the first semester,and i actually plan on working on it the entire semester instead of bsing it in a week  cross country practice every morning   jazz camp starting this wednsday, & audition on saturday  ugh, could this week be anymore busier? it's a good way to end that summer, i guess   smile "
"you know what makes me mad? the fact that i am double majoring and i need to have music tech in this year cause i wont be able to fit it into next year's schedule  i signed up for physics i h online, and i end up being the only one on the waiting list  can't they just take me in now? it's just one person! > annoyed "
"well, i can't sleep, and that only means one thing  time to practice my french horn! a great way to start the new day at 12am!"
is going to workout! see ya!  laugh 
is working on villanelle by <propfirst> dukas  my jury for 1st semster   love 
another 6 hours of practicing done! i feel improvement   smile 
"okay, taking a day off from practicing today is bugging me  just the thought of it  > annoyed  i'll probably just warm up or something "
cross country practice   love 
jazz camp in 2 days!  laugh 
is playing her horn 
is going to the gym 
"i'm tirrreddd, but i still have cross country practice from 6 smile 0-8 surprise 0   ugh   but on the bright side   jazzzzz campppp!!!why am i so excited for it?  laugh "
"okay, i am not ready for my jazz audition  i dont know my <propfirst> scales, my etudes sound mediocre, and i haven't practice transposing the solo part  what's even better is the fact that it's tomorrow! d:"
good morning!  laugh 
i swear i smelled nachos on my way to the gym yesterday    it's tempting me    
"i have officially fallen in love with jazz, but transposing the trombone part and taking it an octave up was a little challenging, but i have a whole year to improve on it   wink "
"hey, guess what? i figured out my <propfirst> scales! ha! i feel accomplished "
"yessss, jazz horn!"
"jazz iii, v3 band, and <propmale>harmonic orchestra, music tech    and only 2 academic classes during school  lvyo <propmale> after school plus cross country  this year is gonna rock "
i seriously can't wait until school starts  this last week of summer needs to hurry up! > annoyed 
"when i was little, i used to spend hours on my dad's drumset just banging and apparently trying to figure stuff out on it   playful  interesting   "
"i dyed my hair dark brown yesterday, and suprisingly it looks good on me  i thought it was gonna look like i was some super depressed kid   playful "
"time to work off the weekend, at the gym   annoyed "
"so tell me, theater majors, are we seriously performing hairspray for our musical this year?!!?!?!"
"can't wait for lvyo, or school, or this year's musical, or jazz, or the composition competition   wink  so much to look foward too!  laugh "
omg  finale 2011 is out! i want it!  sad 
i am so unbelievably bored  > annoyed 
"yessss, i can compose again! i just downloaded finale notepad 2011!!! composition competition here i come!"
woooowww    i was in the key of bb and i started my 3 chord on an e  i'm stupid  > annoyed  now i have to go all the way back and fix it 
why am i still awake? good night 
practicing her horn 
is going for a run  6 <propmale> today! see ya!
"dannng  my piece is coming along quite well, of course there's still a few parts i need to fix    wheres the staff paper when you need it?  smile "
i wanna too make another song   i think i will 
"okay, i'm practicing my horn at 11 o'clock at night, i really don't wanna wake my parents or my little brother    i gotta get one of those silent brass mutes   annoyed  oh well whatever, i'm doing what i love, they can't argue with that   playful "
good night!
getting my schedule fixed to day! i'm excited!  laugh 
is composing again 
"i need to get a stop mute, and a silent brass mute   playful  oh, and some staff paper, so i can compose      oh yeahh and finale 2011  so much to get!  love  hahha"
is practicing <propfemale>  only one more week until out first lvyo rehersal!  laugh 
"has 30 measures of her song finished, but wants to add more!  laugh "
ohh how i love lva  silverado hs is no match for it 
"staff, paper   i need it  i'm additcted to composing "
"i can officially say, i can hit a concert ab above the staff on horn after losing my range for 3 weeks during the summer  i'm glad i got it back   annoyed "
is anyone taking a class online!??!  sad 
i officially hate technology  > annoyed 
physics i h online is a nightmare! 0_0
o m g  mr  <propmale> is like in love with the lvyo orchestra this year   especially the horn section   wink 
"whoa, i can feel myself gradually improving on horn  this year has already proven to be great "
"\bum bum pe te!\"" is my baby brother's way of saying sponge <propmale> square pants """
"okay, my normal school day of playing officially starts at 8 smile 0am with jazz(1hr 30m), then practicing for an hour at lunch, then band(1hr 30m), phil(1hr 30m) ending at 2 surprise 0pm, and lvyo-phil afterschool(2hr 30m)  insane    in between that, i would practice my horn at home   surprise "
brahms is a genius 
is talking to her best friend  i love you <propfemale> perea !!!! don't ditch lvyo again!  wink 
is bored    and in the mood for some hawaiian candies 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=sousbturxhk&feature=player_embedded
ohhhh that is it! you are going down! > annoyed 
"woooo! we opened the \gates\"" garage door wall while it was raining during jazz today  i love the smell of rain and i'm obsessed with jazz  today was just the best day of my life   wink  haha"""
"<propfirst> trionfo, you are going to be a world class musician one day  have fun at interlochen and keep me updated! love you!"
"i found my twin you guys! it's aija mattson   finally! we have been reunited! lololol jk!  wink  one day we are going to play in the same section together, aija!"
he's gonna eat his words  that's not gonna happen this year 
"i feel good  i didn't do that well in jazz today    band was fine   phil was totally worth the long, sustained notes in <propfemale> burana, and lvyo was epic  i managed to finish the majority of my homework at <propfirst>'s house and had a great time with <propfemale> diaz and <propfirst> <propfemale> cline   i absolutely love thursdays "
"okay, i'm practicing my jazz music    i failed miserably at it during the assembly   playful  i feel baadd nooow   annoyed "
"vote for chy miller, as band council president!"
"i think i'm obsessed with this brass, spiral-shaped thing that makes sound "
"vote for chy miller, as band council vice president!  smile "
i just finished watching the new york <propmale> brass quintet on youtube  it blew my mind 
is finally taking a day off from practicing   i think i over-did it this week 
omg! i might see he lv <propmale> tonight!  smile 
omgomgomgomgomg!!! 2 hours until the lv <propmale> concert!!!  laugh dd
"<propfemale> burana, anyone?"
"the las vegas philharmonic was phenomenal tonight! i really enjoyed it   it was the first one i have ever been to, and it was somewhat of an eye-opener of what is yet to come   wink "
    smart music is being annoying right now  i don't understand why we have to send our audition through smart music for the honor band orch of <propfemale>   annoyed 
"soooo i just got obsessive, and recorded my eb scale 130 times to make it \perfect\"" to send it in with my other audition stuff   i can't believe i just did that  o o"""
i just burned my bacon   fantastic   
"i'm tired, and stressed about this stupid hboa audition    good night!"
i can't sleep    time to practice my horn   
i want some colombian food right now    
"why can't people just be honest to me  i don't like the white lie crap, or encouragement  i'm not 5 years old    i get my motivation from brutal honesty  please "
oh no   time for smart music    just 2 more excerpts    ugh 
"i'm sooo tired, but i can't seem to get satisfied with my audition recording   i've already recorded it 54 times   annoyed   "
yes! i finished all of my audition stuff! wish me luck!  laugh 
i love my <propmale> year so far   smile  best year od my life   love  i wonder what else is in store for the next few months   oh i forgot to mention   i'm obsessed with the french horn   i don't know if you guys knew that    wink ))
"this is getting out of hand i haven't had a good playing day since the 2nd day of school  mr jackson(lvyo) told me to put ice on it, and it helped a little, but recently i have been having trouble playing anything over a g just above the staff that's depressing   my flexibility is shot too   sad  i try to take a day off and it still doesn't help   neither does warming up for a long time! any suggestions horn players?  annoyed "
is over-practicing    again     annoyed 
i have to fix my embouchure pressure problem before i get to college    better start now   annoyed  the swelling is getting the best of me at this moment in time 
"okay, english hw and math hw and physics homework to do   i had like no time to do it yesterday   ugh   now i gotta do it all todayy     sad "
ughh stupid physics hw!!! > annoyed    
is procrastinating again   smile  i'm gonna regret this 
 jazz 
"soooo, i think i did pretty well on my ear training test in jazz today   better than last time that's for sure  hahaha"
bahaha i love being together with <propfemale> diaz at lvyo  we're so hilarious when we're tired! hahahahaha
"so, i got 3 chances to hit a pinata today during lunch in the jazz room    the first time i hit it   2nd time i swung harder, but apparently almost hit mr bowen   ? hahaha and the 3rd time i missed  today was great   hahaha"
australian exchange band today!  laugh dd i love this stuff! i hope an australian band comes again next year too!  smile  good luck everyone!  love 
wow    i've changed alot this year compared to my personality from last year     i'm in deep thought   smile 
"one of these days, my dream is going to become reality     "
i need to start using less pressure   seriously     its really bugging me now   ugh   annoyed 
why is <propfemale> vista such a great marching band? o o
 peace  love  music 
    i hope the bills won    d: but by the looks of it    they suck  > annoyed   
ughhh nooooo!!!! i have to babysit my vicious brother tonight! noooooo! > surprise  he's a terrible 2 year old!
crap  i have to memorize my jazz standards    
"ran 12 <propmale> in the heat, and is extremely sore with a bad sunburn  d: this is what i get for loving a sport that not everyone enjoys doing, and that keeps me healthy   ?"
i think people need to shrink  i couldn't see our conductor in <propmale> today because like 3 peoples heads were in the way! i had to stand and play in order to see him  it felt awkward    at first   then i started to finally enjoy it   downey was making fun of my shortness  i'm probably gonna be using a phone book for the open house concert  bahaha
"math,physics, and english hw   then to memorize 5 jazz standards    finally   to write crap on my practice card for band    those practice records are so stupid! > annoyed "
i still have to read the crucible and do part of the study guide   as well as run 6 miles    ughhhh   how in the world am i gonna get time to memorize jazz standards    i don't need them    at the moment at least    annoyed    
wooow   i just got a new horn case like 2 years ago   and i already need a new one  fantastic   playful pp time for a nice cloth one   not those hard ones that look like a middle school kid is playin it   wink 
"so much to do, so little time! d:"
red machine = my favorite song evaaaa! love 33 that composer was a genius!
"is slowly getting her high range back, but needs to start working on using less pressure again "
feels like practicing for 12 hours today   
"villanelle~paul dukas\best song evaaa!!"
i miss cross country    sad  lva stuff is always in the way! d:
ew   i just listened to a recording of red machine today in band    i sound gross on my solos  d:
frostfire    how beautiful  *___* <propmale> quan and juanpablo macias    i think we have found our music! intense!
woo showdown @ silverado! tomorrowwww!!!! exciting!
silverado showdown is today! i can't wait!!! silverado is doing pretty well this year for marching band!
"foothill blew me away during silverado showdown   they took first like they deserved   i was disappointed with green valley    coronado was amazing as always    palo verde had such great visuals in their show, <propfemale> had good visuals as well    and last but not least, silverado, the host, did a phenomenal job at their performance   smile  great job everyone!"
"ughhh! my little brother just banged his head into my mouth   now my lips are swollen! the one time i don't block my mouth whe i'm around him! he needs to get out of this \terrible two\"" stage now! > annoyed """
"sooo if anyone could possible find the recording of artemis by <propfirst> rouse (brass quintet), that would be fantastic! i neeedddd it "
what if i could teleport? that would make like so much easier 
you know what's weird? i enjoy transposing  it makes me feel intelligent  lmao
is scared  d: halloween!  wink my baby brother is a pirate for halloween this year   laugh 
sooo i've decided that i'm gonna be a monk playing my french horn for halloween   ? *sigh* i don't wanna take my brother trick or treating   playful pp
<propfemale> brown is one of the most influential people i have everrr met   love 33
daydreaming     
mmmm a nice run to end a good day  lvyo <propmale> tomorrow    how exciting  tomorrow is also and odd dayyy!!!  wink  i love my odd days   wink 
the month of november is loaded with so many rehersals and performances    as well as december  life is good   smile 
    sooo is there such thing as a national french horn day   ?
yay! 5k race tomorrow! i can't wait!! i'm attempting to get into shape again   maybe i can do track season this year     wink 
     ewald was a genius writing music for brass quintets   smile  i hope i can another one for lvywo this year   wink  set it up <propfirst> wylie!!!  love 
"alright, like this and i'll admit    "
"*sigh* my pressure problem was getting better, then i stopped practicing for like 4 days last weekend and lost like all of my endurance and flexibillity, so now this whole 3 days has just been a matter of getting back to where i used to be   i got back into the annoying habit again  d:"
"well, apparently i'm out of shape, but my 5k time is still low! yeah! 25:16! now i can get back into shape and be even more beastly! las vegas half marathon here i come!  smile ))"
mahler 5 mvt  2 is fantastic!!!  love 3
wooow    the las vegas track club typed up the wrong time for my results    thats the 2nd time  they switched 2 <propfirst> around     whatever   > annoyed 
i think i want to start competing in triathlons    
why is te honor band audition music so tedious this year!? > annoyed  the techinical etude so loooong and my face gets dead fast  d:
ew    i got 2nd place in the 10k today  d: time to go train up in redrock!  laugh 
"so many things to see, to touch, to taste, to hear, to smell    why can't i have it all now?!?!  smile "
"eventually, right? eventually "
time to go to school     d:
you can take anything away from me and i'll be fine    just don't take my horn or you're never gonna see the light of day 
a good night of practicing- now for physics homework  then sleep!!! i wish humans didn't have to sleep  i need more time to do things in my day    don't you think the human race would be far more productive and successful if we didn't have to sleep?
why was this day so depressing for eveyone? d: weird    hahaha time for math hw   oh nooo   annoyed 
is it strange that i actually enjoy researching colleges?  smile 
woo! i got an answer back from both horn professors   smile  hahaha i love the excitement!  wink 
hmmm   going to unlv to go practice    wink 
"the future is getting so close, i can almost taste it   playful "
<propmale> quan  we got the brass quintet gig!  laugh  what time of the day would you be comfortable playing?   i wanna play all day   hahaha but in the morning would be good for me   well actually anytime of the day is fine  so just let me know pronto!  smile 
you know    i sometimes i wish i had an older brother    *sigh* a little brother is too much to handle   but i love him   smile 
"sooo the power went off last night, and shut off my alarm clock, making me miss my 10k race     i guess that's life telling me not to run a 6 mile race when i haven't ran for 6 days "
"okay, so, i wanna make an exotic dessert cookie for thanksgiving this year     perferably something from another country that most people don't make here  any ideas?"
is gonna go see hp 7 today!  wink  slytherin all the way  haha
so   i went to go and get my bike to ride it to the movie theater (hp7)    and i go to find that it wasn't where i locked it up  someone stole it  ohhh i hate people  i ended up walking to the movie theater  > annoyed  but on the bright side    hp7 was great!  laugh 
time to get to work     
apparently my brass quintet is playing for a giniger bread competition up in boulder city  theis should be fun!  smile 
is ready to enter into her own world with peace of mind 
i made it into the honor orchestra of <propfemale>!!!  laugh dd
spending thanksgiving with the charming <propfemale> diaz tomorrow!  smile  i can't wait! the foods gonna be delicious!  love 
happy thanksgiving!!!  laugh 
had the best thanksgiving  black friday evaaaa!!! i love marissa aimee's wonderful family!
 smile 
i loved this weekend   smile 
you know what bothers me    food  it's just there to make you fat and unhealthy   wink  ahahaha but its so good 
"so i tried seeing if i was left brained or right brained with that little dancer shadow that spins, and i got right brained which means that i am artistic   smile "
i'm exhausted    physics essay due tomorrow    ugh   annoyed 
"nothing a good, sugary cup of coffee can't fix   wink "
*sigh* stress free at last  time to do my math hw ahead of time! ohh i feel so productive at the moment   wink  haha i cant believe i'm excited to finish hw  < < what's wrong with me!?!? o o
well now that the band concert is done over with   it's time for jazz! on friday!  smile 
doesn't wanna grow up yet  d:
"you know   i didn't really think about how time consuming jazz, band, <propmale>, and lvyo-phil, and lvyo-symphony would be until i came across a little month called december    this month is crazy right now  o o"
"when i was little, my favorite show was the power rangers   wink "
"being a freshman, starting new again with the knowledge i have, would make life soooo much easier right now   annoyed "
jazz concert today!  laugh  7pm in the lowden!!! go go go!!  wink 
i had a great concert today! wooo i love jazz!
"why does chaos exist? why is there never true peace? why can't time stand still on command? it seems as though nothing gives me an answer to everything because in reality, there is no answer "
great job to all the members of the lvyos!!! our concerts were phenomenal and our hard work showed!  wink  ohhh i love lvyo!!  love 
"i achieved something, finally,that i've been waiting for, for like ever  i only missed 2 notes in a total of 6 songs we played for our las vegas youth orchestra concert   and yes i have no life cause i constantly keep track of my mistakes   wink "
"well, i finally found someone who's tone is similar to mine  <propmale> dohr  i'm going to start modeling my playing around him~"
"i am obsessing over <propmale> dohr's tone! *drool* i want to see him perform live!\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zodwgktqan0"
half marathon!  laugh 
will i ever get peace and quiet? or time to myself at least? d:
soooo i've listened to oberon like 10000000000 times in the past 2 days 
wow! i am going to have 3 concerts in one week!  laugh 
tchaikovsky symphony no  4 is the love of my life   well one of them   smile 
"jeez, orchestra concert tomorrow    then lvyo on thursday plus two essays to write and math homework   where am i going to find time, in between, to do all of this crap?!?! d:"
oberon!!!!
"i have gotten no sleep this week  d: i just wanna relaaaxx, but i dont have that sort of time until thins sunday     annoyed "
good luck to everyone at the honor band auditions!!!  smile 
soooo apparently i had a bad honor band audition   d:
i'll redeem myself for all-state auditions 
sooo you know what makes me feel worse about my playing? listening to a 15 year old kid perform a complicated solo sounding 10 times better than i could ever make it sound at this point in time  wow  i suck    i wonder when he started playing horn   prolly one of those kids that started when they were like 7 or something   ugh 
secret <propfemale> in the lva horn section  < < > >
loves brahms symphonies 1-4   smile 
wants teriyaki chicken 
"<propfemale> the pooh was based on psychological problems  pooh has an eating disorder, piglet suffers from anxiety, eeyore has <propmale> depression, tigger has adhd, rabbit has ocd, & <propfirst> <propfirst> must be a drug addict if his stuffed animals talk to him    \what a great example for little kids   wink "
has 236 balloons 
congrats to @<propmale> henares for making top honor band!!!
"sigh, the palms recording studio was intense today, and i had a great e playful erience   can't wait for tomorrow!  laugh "
just came back from recording   oh i love the music world!  love 
still wants to be a percussionist since the 6th grade  d: hahahaha
is going to the silverado hs orchestra concert!  smile 
"okay, all jazz majors!!! got to the jazz room tomorrow morning to see the look on bowen's face when he sees 500 balloons floatin around in his office!"
is going to see the silverado hs band tomorrow night!  love 33
is making a secret <propfemale> gift  < <
"ate a bunch of crap today, and its too cold to go work it off  d: now i'm just drowning myself in jazz music   wink "
you know   i could care less about money; all i need is my horn and the clothes on my back  the simplicity would bring great peace to my life   smile 
can't find my glasses  i can't see anything  what am i gonna do?  annoyed 
i wish horn was meant to be a jazz instrument 
is practicing   smile 
they should create a <propfemale> clause horror movie    then the parents should show it to the kids when its time for them to find out that <propfemale>'s not real!  wink 
i feel like doing an all day practice session today    
i am sooo bad at wrapping presents  - -
music  is  my  life  period   wink 
have you ever wondered what it'd be like to hear absolutely nothing when you're floating around in space     ?
should've ran under the solar eclipse early this morning  that would've been a night to remember   wink 
is going to run 12 2 <propmale> today! see ya later!
time is ticking     how can i use it to my advantage? @_@
is gonna dye her hair black   laugh 
cant' wait until school starts again   smile 
cookies?!?! oh no! they come really close to <propfemale> whelchel 's fabulous cookies!  surprise 
<propfemale> 
practicing my heart out   love 
is looking forward to 2011   love 
is totally out of shape again   i'm going for a christmas <propfemale> run    too many of my grandma's cookies   wink 
practicing     again   love 
"would you rather have super powers or have christmas never end?\\would you rather have 500 tarantulas crawling in your house or 1000 crickets jumping around your room?"
so i added in something to my practice session today   i played a little holiday music for my baby brother   smile 
"would you rather be <propmale> and ugly, or poor and good looking?"
addicted to the hunger games by <propfemale> collins 
hunger games!
oh god now this is the week i have to finish all of my projects and study for tests  d: this sucks 
wants to be an author and a musician    how am i gonna work that out?
is writing a story and doing homework at the same exact time   surprise 
"hmmm well, i downloaded this 3d modeler thing in an attempt to create my character i was gonna write about in my story, but i didnt realize how compicated it actually was  it's really confusing  o o"
"well my 2 year old brother doesnt know that shape of a heart is called a heart    so he was playing with his play-do and he comes to me with it and asks, \ can you make love?\"" apparently thats his way of asking \""can you make me a heart?\""  hahahahahahaha"""
crap  i haven't been able to practice for the past 2 days    i picked up my horn today and played   guess what i sounded like? a 3 year old trying to play the horn for the first time  this sucks 
"whoa  i feel grrreaaat! got homework done, read the hunger games, ran, and practiced my horn  life is good  aaaahhhhh~"
"dear nathanieal hawthorne,\\can you please stop describing the same thing for ten pages? i'm already bored out of my mind  i thought the house of seven gables woulf be a thriller, but apparently i was wrong  \\sincerely,\<propfirst>"
now i wish break was longer because i wanna just dive and submerge myself in my imagination  that's all i want right now   why couldn't it be real?  wink 
hmmm   adventures of <propfirst> and <propfemale> during lvyo  i swear    those have been the funniest times of my life 
the deed is done   i dyed my hair black   smile 
i've come to the conclusion that this year will be the year of accomplishment   smile 
practicing my horn   smile  oh and all lva kids! practice your honor band music  i don't care how easy it is! just do it!  wink 
"okay, so i just checked parentlink for the grade i got for the recording in jazz   and there are still no grades listed  d: wth?!?! how come i'm the only person who hasn't had any of their grades uploaded!??! it's cause i'm a horn player   i swear  thanks alot mr  bowen!"
i kinda regret dying my hair black   i miss my brown hair   sad  oh well nothing i can do now   i don't feel like bleaching it then dying it brown again   that's too much of  hassle   i'll just let it grow out   ugh thats gonna take forever  o o
"is stressed and disappointed  is everything i ever talk about, music? nothing else comes across my path  < < i'm tired, i'm high on practicing, no kidding, i don't wanna stop, and i'm not gonna for another 5 hours    is that a bad thing? d:"
who knew astrology could predict that   o o wooowww    
"as strange as it sounds, i wish lvyo was everyday "
"going for a run, then i'm gonna continue writing my story!  smile "
what!??! no way in hell am i getting sick! i was like one of those people at school who could be around contagious people and never catch anything  ugh   here we go   i really hope this doesn't bum out my mood if it stays with me for honor band   playful  whatever    
i don't have a blank cd and i need to record my audition tonight! d: what am i gonna doooo!??!?!?
"\i'm off my game \"""""
"okay, cinna was one of my favorite characters    now he's gone  books are great   wink "
recording auditions is such a pain    oh what i do for my instrument   o o
"so, my top 3 college choices are all in boston    i didn't mean to plan it like that  o o"
"humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it  it has some value in gaining and holding attention  but it has no persuasive value at all \  ~ <propfirst> <propfirst> galbraith"
"is reading: this is your brain on music- the science of a human obsession\i find it very intriguing "
"i want to be 17 already! there are 3 movies i am dying to see that are out in theaters, but couldn't because i still have a month until my birthday  > annoyed  whatever \stupid movie ratings "
"this haircut scarred me for life  so now, i'm gonna go and grow my hair out  i'm in the long hair phase again  ;p"
"i feel like i'm the only one who actually enjoys playing in the pit orchestra for hairspray    is that strange    ?  annoyed \i don't see why people hate it so much    o o"
pollo loco
all 3 of my groups got a 1 for solo ensemble   smile 
eggs with cheese     so delicious   wink 
is practicing the lark ascending violin concerto  one the most divine pieces of music i have ever played 
"how come all trombone players are bald? there's <propfirst> alessi, downey, and bowen gass sometime in the future   haha love ya bowen   smile "
is in lvyo 
can't wait until tuesday!  laugh 
performed with her woodwind quintet on fox 5 this morning!!!
is entering in the lva composition compeition   laugh 
just finished performing @ solo ensemble   smile 
had a productive day   smile 
has been too busy for too long    annoyed 
honor orchestra of <propfemale> in 2 days!!  surprise 
thank you everyone for all the bday wishes!  smile  it made me haaapppyyy   wink 
banana chocolate chip cookies  a great way to start the first day of being 17!!!
is leaving to indiana for the honor orchestra of <propfemale> todaayyy!!  laugh dd
is so thankful for the opportunity to peform with such great musicians in the honor orchestra of <propfemale>  this was the best e playful erience of my life and i will always <propfemale> it  i hope to be albe to do it again next year   smile 
ugghh why are horn cases sooo e playful ensive!?!? > annoyed 
"i love you, music  thank you for coming into my life   smile "
wow  nonstop plane flights and fantastic musical e playful eriences all within a 3 week time span  one more week until the jazz trip and command performance! i'm excited   love 
wants to go to idyllwild summer music camp   love 
"okay, huge question   should i go to lvyo tomorrow night?  wink "
done packing   smile  time for command performance & the monterey jazz trip tomorrow!! wish my ww quintet luck!  love 
on the bus to reno for command performance  @ aija mattson i hope i see u @ monterey   wink 
really?
command is done  now for monterey jazz festival tomorrow   wink 
gettin on the plan back to las vegas soon  then to     monterey!!!  laugh 
is enjoying monterey   laugh 
