d19f384f96f70cb42ad7bb7416c59638
hard to believe another year passed and a new one has begun  i hope that this one is better and brings prosperity to us all 
perche io dico!!!  playful 
"you know what sucks, working on the weekends  it's murder on your social life   annoyed "
"barbeque steak pizza, mmmmmmm yum"
"qoute of the day: \the wind from one door closing opens another \"""""
"quote of the day: \anger dwells only in the bosom of fools \"" <propfirst> einstein"""
"qoute of the day: \politics have no relation to morals \"" nicolo machiavelli"""
"qoute of the day: \hell hath no furry like a woman scorned \"""""
"i finally put a picture up after this long of being on this site, lol  wow"
"funny quote of the day:  \marines -- providing enemies of <propfemale> an opportunity to die for their country since 1775 \"""""
wanted to say to everybody happy halloween! have fun and be safe  playful 
"alright all i hope you guys have a fun, safe, and happy thanksgiving  try not to pig out to much  playful "
happy new year everybody! hopefully this one is better than the last 
"another day, another dollar and a half        "
can't wait to go shooting again  we found a sick campsite and i can't wait to cover the ground in brass again  so much fun  smile 
whats on my mind? too much to write about!
"god bless our military, you guys are doing a great job out there  and i think i speak for everyone in saying thank you "
33 more days and counting till the shooting trip  too long to wait i say 
go shooting in less than 23 days  getting closer 
"another fun day get off at 6 smile 0 this morning, go home go straight to bed, get up to be to work by 2 surprise 0 pm  get off at 9 surprise 0 pm, to go home change for work and be in at 10 surprise 0 tonight only to get off at 6 smile 0 tomorrow morning to start it all over again   :-s"
go padres! 16-2 over the atlanta braves yesterday  right on boys lets keep it up  smile 
padres lost 6-1 wednesday night  what a turn around  win by 15 points one day and get your arse kicked by 5 the next  getting to be a rough start to the season  things are still looking up though  let's go padres!
you know what the problem is with politicians? they're not afraid of the people like they should be anymore  they keep messing with the middle class like they are and they will be 
"sorry guys just checked my facebook, thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday  i had a great time with my friends and family  unfortunately didn't get to party it up as my birthday was on a sunday and had to be to work at 3 smile 0 in the am, but thats what this weekend is for  thanks again all "
"shooting trip in 2 days, extremely stoked  laugh "
r i p  <propfirst> uhlmer  just learned of his passing today  sorry to hear it 
"so the shooting trip was awesome! loved it  great release and a a great time with my closest friends  couldn't have asked for more  there is only one problem now   it's only been two weeks and i already want to go again, lol "
"i just love people that give you dirty looks when you say hello, or you hold the door open for them, or you do anything nice for them just to be a good person, and they look at you like you're the scum of society  really touches my heart to know that people appreciate the nice things you do for them  sometimes i don't even know why i bother  i get sick and tired of being people's door mat!"
go padres!!
restoration takes a long time  annoyed 
"\politics have no relation to morals \""\",d19f384f96f70cb42ad7bb7416c59638,lovin life at the moment
"money talks, mine always says goodbye"
"let one of my good friends down today  i feel like a worthless piece of slime right now  and i should, the point of having best friends is to be there for them regardless, through thick and thin, no matter what  once you fail that what kind of a friend are you? not a very good one  sorry <propfirst> "
chelne nightingale for governor!
those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber   ~plato
"take our politicians:  they're a bunch of yo-yos   the presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches the first prize   ~saul bellow"
go u s  lets kick some slovanian arse!
"i have enough money to by my first tire for my m-37, really excited, i'm that much closer to getting this thing up and running  so stoked"
"what a beautiful day  the suns out, not a cloud in the sky, a day to bail on work and be down at the beach with your friends "
"took two of my m-37's tires in to be replaced only to find out that the company that makes them went out of buisness three months ago, -_-"
i want to go on record and say that the lakers did a great job of acting last night to pick up the two fouls that put them ahead and ultimately let them win against the celtics  that was the celtics game all the way 
"got my rims for the m-37 back today! very excited, the rust damage wasn't all that bad on it  they look sweet  hope to post some pictures for you guys  probably go get the hood tomorrow, and then its back to sanding and painting "
independence day is coming up! can't wait 
alight people uploaded newer photos of the m-37  enjoy
the fourth of july is only a few days away  can't wait!
"the fourth of july weekend starts today  man i can already smell the bbq ribs, steak, garlic bread, beans, ahh my mouth is watering!"
"it's here, happy fourth of july folks! \up the rebels! down the british!\"" been waiting all year to say that """
"i want to take a bit of a poll just fo research reasons  how many people here think that politicians are liars, cheats, and all around backstabbers who tell people what they want to hear and then when they get voted into office just do what they want? just give me a yay or nay  thanks in advance for participating "
i'm back from visiting my grandparents  had a fun time  good to see them   smile 
added more pictures of the truck everybody! looks good 
"i might be mistaken and correct me if i'm wrong but i thought that the united states national language was english! but apparently it's not  we speek spanish, arabic, chinese, japanese, french, anything but our own language "
"signed up fo my classes today for college, and i got what i needed        so stoked, was worried that i was going to have to take junk classes, yes off to school aug  23rd  back to having no life and going crazy over finals, got to love school  playful "
"signing up for fast pitch baseball, can't wait "
"i don't know if you guys have been paying attention to the news lately but in ny there has been plans to build a mosque near ground zero, and i want to inform you all that democracy has won and they just got the go ahead to build it  this is an outrage! i see it as disrespecting those who lost their lives in the september 11th terrorist attacks and a slap in the face to those families who lost loved ones!"
"\the bible is the rock on which this republic rests \"" \",d19f384f96f70cb42ad7bb7416c59638,"came across something i liked that i saw on a friends facebookpage, want to share it-\be the change you want to see in the world\""- very cool """
"what it boils down to is that this state is so damn corrupt now that they have rearanged the class structure  the article was talking about a middle class, well that doesn't exist anymore  this is the new social class structure in california, might i add soon to be in this nation as well, you have the extreme poor, the working poor and the extreme <propmale>  that's what it has become in this state "
"going to sound like a big nerd but what the hell  all those fans out there of the total war rts game series, like rome: total war, empire total war, etc  just saw the reviews for the newest total war game they're coming out with, remake of shogun total war  looks freaking awesome!!! can't wait for 2011!"
god bless our fighting men and women who die to protect what we hold so dear in the united states  and god keep all the families close to you who have lost their loved ones who died defending this country  i just want to say thank you for all of your sacrifices 
"funny qoute of the day: \the problem with some people today is they don't admit their faults  i'd admit mine if i had any \"" unkown"""
"got back fro my cousin's wedding  was very nice and i had a lot of fun  i wish them the very best on their journey together  god bless <propfemale> and <propmale>  now it's back to work, back to school, and back to the same daily grind   annoyed "
it's hot outside and i don't like it! but not really anything i can do about it so why complain  what a beautiful day  smile 
found out that i'm going to have to remove my master cylinder and replace it  brakes are going to get an overhaul  laugh 
"everybody has best friends, but some of us are lucky that we have such a good best friend that they are not really a friend at all  they are a brother or sister and part of your family "
"life is what you make it, so make it good   "
pastor has cancelled the quran burning! thats good news i think for all of us  glad he made the right choice and cancelled it 
i know that this is early but i just want to say god bless all those families who lost their loved ones in the september 11th attacks  please god keep them close to you and help them with their loss and pain  <propfemale> will never forget the fallen and  we keep the families and their missed loved ones in our thoughts and prayers 
"in congress, july 4, 1776 the unanimous declaration of the thirteen united states of america: when in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them,   "
"the recession is over! well actually everybody according to the economists it was over in june of 2009? kind of funny cause it sure as hell doesn't feel like it's over to me  i've now been laid off of two jobs, i'm barely making enough to survive on, and my hours are gatting cut to the brink of basically paying my gas to get to work and then home  so don't tell me that the recession is over "
"second amendment – militia (united states), sovereign state, right to keep and bear arms: a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed  [7]"
"the stupid packers man, penalties, penalties, penalties   and how about that messed up call at the end  that should have been an offensive pass inter  not defensive, and that touchdown where he slid in to the endzone  he was down on the 2  damn!"
"oh california how much trouble we're in! looks like no matter who wins the state is still in sheep dip  since its <propfemale> whitman thats going to win, i feel sorry for you arizona  you might as well start boycotting california because our boycott of you is only 31 days away "
life has two truths; it's not easy and it's to short 
i just want to wish the san <propfirst> giants the best of luck since they are going to get their clocks cleaned by the braves  i hope the giants tank big time and loose all four games  go braves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\money talks! mine always says goodbye\"""""
"those who work, they get no perks  they fight to survive, and in the end are deprived  we work so hard, for what little we get  but the harder we work, the faster we sink the more we're used, the angrier we get  till frustrations mount, and push us over the edge  there is still one truth in this cruel, cruel world  the <propmale> get <propmale>er and the poor get poorer  there is no between "
"people do yourself a favor and vote for someone other that <propfemale> boxer and <propfirst> brow  <propfirst> brown is a crook and boxer has been in there to long  we need to switch things up a little  i'm not saying you should vote for any particular candidate, just vote for someone new "
another day another dollar! thats if i was working right now anyway 
"just got done voting and doing my duty as an american citizen  for the rest of you who choose not to vote, or just don't care, i could go on a long speel and stand on my pulpit and preech to you about how people die for the right to vote for you and you should show respect and take intrest in the country you live in  but i won't, i'll just say shame on you "
"congrats california for voting boxer in for her fourth term, and i guess we didn't learn from the last time <propfirst> brown was in office huh  there goes the nail in the coffin for california  we better all move out now while we have the <propmale> cause we're all screwed if we stay  the liberals triumph again  -_-"
"prop 19, sadest thing next to obama being elected "
yah just found out that the packers released <propmale> <propmale>  i know he was injured and all but that was a stupid idea if you ask me  he may be getting old but he's still a good cb
"had to get rid of my go-t, keptmy mustache though  still bummed   sad "
what's up world  how are we today?
so stoaked everyboday! just got admitted to sdsu and start in the spring!!!! so excited! thank god!
shooting trip!
"i want to share a story with everybody  yesterday at work while i was cashiering, i had a guest that was in my line  i proceeded to finish her transaction  she was kind of quiet and didn't say much, but as she was leaving i said to her have a <propfemale> christmas "
i wrote a poem that i would like to share with you guys  christmas is my favorite time of year and i was really inspired when i wrote this and it hit home for me as it developed  so please leave a comment if you feel like it if you don't know worries  hope you all enjoy it 
<propfemale> christmas all!
go green bay!!! took 6 turnovers from the giants today  <propfirst> rogers is back  beware chicago 
life has an interesting system sometimes  it has a way of throwing you curveballs when you least e playful ect it  and even sucker punching you in the gut  but even when life has you down everything manages to work out the way it's supose to  well    back to the drawing board       
just got one thing to say today   go packers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons made oprah fat! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not just the means they chose to utilize!!! reposted from another friend's status message  don't just like it, repost it "
superbowel baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go green bay 
"hey torre and <propfirst>, great job getting that engine to fit last night  you guys are getting it done  nice job "
"went to napa auto parts to find out they don't have the drum brakes i need for my truck  damn them! anyway you'll all be excited to know that i finally have a little money set aside to resume work on the m-37, one word stoaked!"
superbowl champions!!!!!! way to go <propfirst> rodgers and the wholepackers team 
happy single awareness day!   jking no happy valentines day everybody and to all our couples out there      smile 
"throwing a shout out to my group of friends, who are more likefamily to me  thanks guys     smile "
this is to our fighting men and women honoring our country with their service  may god bless you always and for those are being deployed to the middle east you're in our thoughts and prayers along with your families  god bless guys!
going to the yuma gun show on friday  stoaked!
"update on the m 37, took the next two tires in  and we are that much closer to having <propmale> up and running"
is stoaked about the release of shogun 2: total war 
"went to fluxx last night with my friends, not really into the whole clubing scene but that was a pretty tight club  probably the only time i'll be able to go though cause at forty dollars a head to get in  little bit to much for me, but other wise a cool place "
