36a86f7aec20a41f87811685182098e4
i hope everyone has a safe and really fun new yrs tonight! were staying in and having a quite family night with lots of movies lol
"so yeah, 1st day of work was interesting  tired and feet hurt but it goes with the territory  hopefully tomorrow is better "
"can't wait, we're going home in a few days!!!! been in ny way to damn long"
one more night in ny ! yay me!!!!!
i think i'm getting sick    whoopie  god i hate this time of yr!
had hubby's xmas party to go to tonight  <propfirst> and i had so much fun and got to meet all the clowns he works with  what a woot!
"by this rate it looks like were going to have a green christmas here  its been raining for a few days now, temps around 40 and pretty much all the snow is gone lol"
i hope everyone has a great christmas!!!
am so glad christmas is over lol  time for a very long awaited nap
so far this year is turning out to be a good one  hopefully it'll continue to work in my advantage!!!
nude! lol
yay hubby's fixing dinner so i'm off the hook  god i love him!!!
ok dinners done  be back in a few lol!!!
"is lettin her other personality take over for a while, who shall i be tonight?"
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=partier, 7=moody, 8=sexy, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 16=tough, 17=cute, 18=gf bf type, 19=player, 20=i love you, 21=gorgeous, 22=the best, 23= i want you 24=you know"
is having one of those days where she want to yell fuck you to someone
"when life gives you lemons, <propmale> them at the idiots pissing you off "
"i'm sarcastic and have a smart-ass attitude! it's a natural defense against drama, bullshit and stupidity, and i don't give a fuck if your offended!"
is not waiting for the <propfemale> train! i'm driving it! woo woo!
i will speak my mind & if you don't like it then that's your problem  if that makes a person a bitch for speaking their mind then i guess i'm a bitch 
"is so not a morning person! proceed with caution for i have not had my coffee yet  in fact, just check back in 30 minutes  yawn!"
thinks the more you try to understand people the more they are gonna confuse you 
a cat and a roster standing by a pool the cat falls in  the roster laughs  the moral of this story is a wet pu$$y always gives a c0ck a good time
"first genuine person i meet this weekend, i will give them whatever they want  safe bet since everyone is full of shit "
when i woke up this morning i decided that the whole world can kiss my ass!
life would be a hell of a lot easier if everyone had an on off switch!!!
one man's fuck up is another man's <propfemale> opportunity!
"humans and dolphins are the only mammals that have sex for pleasure, but pigs have orgasms that last 30 <propfemale>  makes you kinda want to be a pig "
"heard you were robbed at gunpoint and given 2 choices, suck <propmale> or give up your computer    i see you still have your computer haha"
wonders why children don't come fitted with volume control  or just a mute button would do
"sadly, there is no medicine for stupidity!"
"says have you ever met someone and thought \there goes the reason why contraceptives were invented\""? i know i have lmao"""
"spider spider on the wall, have you got no balls at all, course i have you stupid cunt, you're looking at me back to front!"
i'm sarcastic and i have a smart-ass attitude its a natural defense against drama bullshit and stupidity
"says i'm not a bitch, i simply have a zero tolerance level for bullshit "
"an elephant says to a camel \ why are your tits on your back?\"" so the camel replies \"" beets having your <propmale> on your face\"""""
"is realizing more and more each day just how rare and wonderful her husband really is, someone i can count on and trust no matter what!!"
a man and woman are getting divorced  while together he gave her blood  he says i want my blood back  she throws him a tampon and says i'll pay you monthly!
"what's the difference between a coffin and a condom? although they both <propfemale> stiffs, one is used for coming and the other is for going"
"why all the sudden concern over pandemics, we haven't done anything about stupidity, and it's existed for years "
"dinner time here, be back in a few fb!!"
has decided that being nice and quiet is no longer an option    the devil has come to play watch out the bitch is back    
my halo is held up evenly by my horns 
i swear some people were conceived through anal sex because there is no way being that much of an asshole is not natural !!
so can someone tell me when the bullshit ends?
chocolate saves lives         because it keeps me from going insane
"wants to invent a drink and call it responsibly  that way, when you are shitfaced you can say, 'well i did drink responsibly' "
is waiting for the cleaning <propfemale>'s to land     if they land at yours first kindly give them my address    thanks!
"if you want to get your children's attention, just sit on the couch with a hot coffee and start talking on the phone  cause it works everytime i swear!!!"
"breakfast for dinner, yummy! be back in a little bit fb"
"dinner was good, but damn i'm stuffed lol"
"i'm very sarcastic and i have a really smart ass attitude  it's a natural deterrent for all the drama, stupidity and bullshit in the world "
"3 nuns in a convent,a nude ghost appears and waves his cock at them & says hocus pocus, nun says never mind the hocus    just pocus"
"hit ctrl + w, it's funny  go try it!!!"
dinner time  be back in a few fb!!
so why didn't i get the memo that it was stupid people day?
doesn't understand how some people can do such fuckin' idiotic things without realizing that their actions cause a shit storm on so many other people 
is the type of girl that can smile just to hide what shes really feeling
is feeling like crap & would like to know the rules about selling your body on e-bay so that you can purchase a new one!
mother nature can shove the snow right up her ass! i don't want it! it better be gone by monday that's all i have to say
"laundry is a form of torture  there is never an end to the pile, and just when you think you have a handle on it, the pile gets bigger!"
"had a great bithday, thanks to everyone who wished me a great day and thanks to those who helped me celebrate it!"
"wishes she could go \bibbidi bobbidi boo!\"" or \""poof!\"" and feel better  tried  it doesn't work  sad """
today i think i will be an angel and tomorrow i think ill be a devil cause my horns are getting tired of holding up the halo
"i'm sarcastic and i have a smart-ass attitude, it's a natural defense against drama bullshit and stupidity"
sunday   my day to do absolutely nothing before going back to work  wait  i'm a mom  i never have a day to do absolutely nothing!
"got my first tattoo yesterday, thanks to my nephew nate! thanks nate, you did a great job "
doesn't understand how some people can do such fucken idiotic things without realizing that their actions cause a shit storm on so many other people 
"life's to short to be unhappy so live it up, drink it down, avoid the bs and have no regrets! people change and things go wrong but always remember life goes on"
"i love being me, it pisses off all the right people "
just for you <propfemale> lmao: i think it would be funny to go and throw skittles at random people and say taste the freakin rainbow lol
is having a day that makes me wonder exactly what it is about some people that just makes you want to slap them upside the head and reset their stupid button!
"my doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity, i replied, no, we all seem to enjoy it "
is bored  i think i will sit in my car on the side of the road with my hair dryer today   point it at the cars going past and see how many people slow down!
"if a warning label is on it, than means some dumb ass try to do it already "
is it just me or is everyone an asshole today?
"has discovered that i have seizures when e playful osed to stupidity   and right now, i feel a twitch coming on!!!"
believes sanity is just a rumour someone started
"how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? here's a task for you  i'm asking all of the people on my list to post below how they met me   after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed at how interesting this can really be!    i did, now it's your turn"
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6:moody   7: dumb   8: spoiled   9: mouthy   10: random   11: hot   12: funny   13: sexy   14: amazing   15: cute   16: generous 17: smart butt
"the world is a crazy place   what number am i,and where do i fit in?"
"they say that maturity comes with age,well for most people it does,for some it never does "
"\the truth is always a trick to those who live among lies \"""""
there are some people in my life that don't deserve to be there 
why do we have back pain? it's because it keeps our mind off of the pain in our asses!
"the one thing i'm sure of,if someone was to steal my identity after a couple of hours of being me, they would pay me to take it back~ that i'm sure of   "
i will speak my mind & if you don't like it then that's your problem  if that makes a person a bitch for speaking their mind then i guess i'm a bitch 
how about i start treating you the way you treat me and then we can see how you like it!  smile 
happy mother's day to all the wonderful mothers on facebook! i hope you have a wonderful day!!!!
"says be the kind of woman that when you roll out of the bed in the morning the devil looks up and says \oh shit shes up!\"""""
i'm in love with the man of my dreams    and the best part of that is    the man of my dreams is in love with me!
what popular slogan or jingle reminds you of me and why? i'm curious to see what people say lol
"says that having a telephone conversation with someone that has young children is like talking to someone with tourettes! you know it's true, esp if you've talked to me on the phone lol"
"is in the mood to push someone down the stairs, hit them over the head with a fire extinguisher then bury the body under the garden patio"
shit happens    but life goes on whether you're ready or not
poke me if you've ever had a crush on me  like me if you think i'm cute  inbox me if you've ever wanted a relationship with me  now let's see whose brave enough to out this on thier status 
of course women want romance!  we grew up watching <propmale> charming sweep <propfemale> off her feet   so bring on the romance!
has a zero-tolerance policy for stupidity 
"well yesterday was very hard for me  i had to let my baby boy go  he's spending the summer w  his father in ny  it was his first time flying, and i heard it went well  thank god  i just pray to god that this summer goes clam and smoothly cuz if it don't watch the fuck out! keep my son in prayers please, as well as for me too  i'm going to need them!!! i hope aug comes quickly!"
"talked with <propfirst>, he played his first soccer game today, made the 1st 2 goals! way to go baby! i sure do miss him!!!"
"my halo has been repoed, and replaced with horns"
happy birthday <propmale> r i p! wish we could've met! but i know you're looking down on all of us and keeping us safe! we love you and miss you dearly!!!
some days i really wish <propfemale> was instantaneous   
"happy father's day to all the dads i know near, far and online lol  hope it's a great day for you all!!!"
"sometimes you just gotta say \what is your <propmale> malfunction numb-nuts?\"""""
nice day   if you're a duck
why is it when i get a missed call i immediately try to call them back the phone rings 9 times and goes to voicemail what do they do drop the phone and run away
wings or a tail? hum what to wear today? i'm voting tail lol
"finally got all the pics i wanted to upload, no thanks to the damn internet connection lol "
"i guess in the end, it all comes down to the fine line between who you thought that person was, and the truth "
if i offend you in any way please contact me on www icouldntgiveaflyingfuck com
"hates stupid people   \yes, me too, but unfortunately for us, they're not going anywhere anytime soon, because stupid is breed-able   smile "
you look at me and tell me that i am insane   i look at you and laugh at the fact that it has taken you this long to realize this 
"cats are like drag queens  they walk around with their asses in the air asking \who wants <propfemale>?''"""
"if a midget says your hair smell good, is that sexual harassment?? lol    i am really bored and may start writting various status updates to amuse myself  "
"ok i finally got all the pics uploaded, thanks facebook for making it take longer than i wanted lol  enjoy and leave lots and lots of comments lol"
"you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh, you make me smile "
i'm not as innocent sweet or nice  as i look but i am every bit the bitch that i act like
you know your losing it when you accidentally run into a mannequin and apologize for it!! lol
"if the police called to tell you i was in jail, what would you think i was arrested for?"
warning: i'm tired as hell and need coffee   approach at your own risk!!
"i dont understand people, i really dont  and sometimes i really dont think i want to  total bullshit i tell ya "
<propfemale> - is a bigger bitch than i ever can be and you will get yours and don't worry when you do i will get the last laugh and that will be a wonderful day!
"copy this status and see what people rate you  (1) weird (2) wish we went \out(3)talkative (4) sarcastic (5) ? able (6) crazy (7) i want \you( smile spoiled(9) qreat parent (10) wild (11) funny (12) pretty(13) \mature(14) wish we had sex (15) i'd take u home to mom (16)wish i had \   your number(17)shy (1 smile  honest (19) freak (20)sexy  smile "
"i'm the sweetest angel    sorry my halo fell into red paint, and some person gave me this pitchfork, don't even ask about the horns and tail"
i can't do anything right till i have smoked a coffee and had a cup of cigarette 
"i have nothing else to write on here so chose a letter from the alphabet and describe me with it please cause i'm bored smile  just do it, please!"
"is convinced that there is a voodoo doll of me somewhere out there, 'cause  is not humanly possible to have a headache this painfully!"
"woke up to the devil standing beside my bed this morning, but when she noticed that my eyes were open, she ran through the door, screaming \don't hurt me!\"""""
hmmmm   halo or horns today??
"well, if you'll excuse me i have minds to corrupt and values to warp! be back when i'm done!"
is 99% angel! (darn that 1%--gets me every time!) or is it the other way around?
knows she ain't gods gift cause she's satan's surprise lol
people never cease to amaze me   
a new postage stamp shaped like a clitoris was introduced yesterday but it's not selling well cause only 5% of men know how 2 lick it properly!
is smiling   that alone should scare the shit out of you!
you can only be pushed away so much and the pain starts to destroy you inside
"like a clown i put on a show, the pain is real even if nobody knows, and im crying inside, and nobody knows it but me "
"is sick of having emotions, if anyone wants them, they're free to come take them "
just has one question: why?
asks for <propfemale> to deal with stupid people and courage to tolerate their ignorance because lord only knows if i ask for strength i will beat them to death!
lets see    mutant cats riding elephants stormed into my tribal camp of emo racist frog people looking to steal the multi colored thong of power
"let my personalities out for a night   i woke up with two hookers, a penguin, a pineapple, five teeth missing, and a tattoo that read \i'm free\"" """
"has too often seen people and thought, \there goes the reason contraceptives were invented\"" """
is going to head over to my sister inlaws in a little bit and <propfemale> out w  her  what a beautiful day! be back later    maybe!
"new york bound tomorrow evening, thanks to united airlines lol  man i'm nervous, havent flown since '98  and all the airports i'm going to within my trip i've never been to, so this should be real interesting  but at least <propfirst> and i will be home safe and sound by wednesday afternoon  thank god!!!! <propfirst> i know you're excited, so am i girly! cant't wait!!!! see you tuesday morning!!!!"
"we made it home safe and sound yesterday! boy was i beat! i dont think i have ever been that drained before  thank you to <propfirst>, <propfirst> and kiddo for letting <propfirst> and i stay with them  the flights were good and the airports were easy to get through "
"had fun camping sat-mon with <propfemale>, <propmale> and the kids  <propfirst> had a blast  pics soon to be uploaded "
the purple monkeys are chasing the pink gnomes while the green striped unicorn and the blue hippo are making pancakes 
sorry i havent been on here lately  just been busy with working and havent been feeling good lately  hope all is alright  drop a line and let me know whats new!!
