35cb5360fd1314424e819a873602a4ce
i'm drunk     damn <propfirst> makes some dayum good long islands    like i'm 19 again lol
"omfg     smokers cough woke me up today    i'm thinking that after 17 years maybe it's time to quit    i'm serious     okay, now i'm going back to bed "
just got done helping a friend move   glad that's over 
omg    it's 3 am and it's like 85 degrees in downtown b'more   bleh  glad i have ac in my apt 
vacation checklist: day one     enjoy breakfast snoop dogg style   omelette and gin and juice   off da hizzle 
off to nyc woot
fine again?  who knows?
59 points     a very nice start to my parlay 
there goes my parlay
omg it finally stopped!
     on the way to over 57 5  smile 
stover missed a 50 yarder     so what else is new lol
omg it just took me 2 hours to get home from work    guess i'm lucky to have made it in 1 piece 
jackhammering at 3 am     wtf is that about??????
wow    those white dudes just schooled villanova lol 
it's grevis time!
no water = out of work early  yay!
yankees suck!!!
this city is fucking useless   time to plot my escape again!
wow! cricket is selling $20 phones at lexington market 
what's so hard about the notionn of staying home if you're sick  i don't want your fucking germs!
might be taking a position in mortgage dept in phoenix  wish me luck 
just got out of the dentist's office  this is gonna hurt when the novacaine wears off 
-is moving to arizona  it's official 
omg my train just got stopped by the freakin swat team 
just left work at hunt valley for the last time  i will miss you guys! but tomorrow is the first day of the rest of my life and i can't wait!
sitting next to this rude ass european dude in atlanta airport
omg it is effin hot here!!!
it's almost 10 pm and it's still 105 outside lol
90 degrees at 7 am with a forecast high of 112 today!
just found an apt     woot!
is dealing with circumstances beyond my control keeping me from going to san <propmale>  sad 
it's 102 today and it feels cool lol
it's a cool 95 degrees here in arizona today
is going to the diamondbacks game today
wants to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!
nap time
partying in scottsdale with dru dominguez
is finally into my apartment!
if it has a cock or wheels it will give you problems 
so there's this guy on the bus with a fake pair of <propmale> hardy shades like mine  too funny!
if it has a cock or wheels it will give you problems
"hates to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me   -<propmale> s  thompson"
got my first shipment of stuff     finally!!!
omg it's raining lol
omg  feeling like baltimore outside right now  bleh  playful 
omg common sense really is not that common lol 
oh happy day   i can fit into my size 34's again!!!!
omg i wonder how many calories i burned walking 6 <propmale> today  i'm pooped!
omg!!!!  who saw the <propfirst> <propfirst> old spice commercial?  the <propfemale> with rockets in his ass      too funny!  i love it!!!
is beating that ass haha!!!
came to play!
touchdown!!!!!!!
"i don't need you to worry for me cause i'm alright\i don't want you to tell me it's time to come home\i don't care what you say anymore, this is my life\go ahead with your own life, leave me alone"
just got back from having a root canal      ouch
