d600959b3e4e571a3210e8e26dbc01c0
oh invatations how many of you there are!!! i still need addresses guys please facebook mail me the addys!!!!!
getting up getting out and changing my life    
trucks fixed!!!!! for now    
a few more hrs and i'm off again to taiwain!
got 2 hrs left and i'm glad i have time to think alone while everyone else sleeps   
finally in taiwain     
happy 4th everyone hope ya'll have  a good one no burns this time around though o o
eatting pretzels in a foreign city
"new pics, new day, no headache    i like it"
someone answer the ultimate question     
wants so peace and quite for once
wants some peace and such can't spell shesh
hey folks in san <propfirst> who are <propmale> potter fans in <propfirst> tx they are going to have <propmale> potter in 3d starting the 29th     might be something to look into     
"then he was a fool, connor thought, though he didn't e playful ress that sentiment out loud "
can't sleep dream will not let me rest
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me! when you are finished, post this paragraph in your own status, and you will be surprised what people remember about you!"
well the sunrise was breath taking don't know if it was worth gettin locked on the roof for though
went driving today with family really nice beach areas surounded by mountains    
well heading to bed have a good night
ur a liar and go to hell without the handbasket maybe you'll drown in the stix
oy long day yet tomorrow shall be a brighter day for it    thanks everyone for the smiles and huggs!!!!
"wondering what folks are up too    quick some one answer  \what is your quest? \"""""
"new pics , new places, new me!  smile "
awake sorta    
"ok i'm not eating at a \normal\"" restaurant here again     every time i do i get sick! sticking to local food until i leave """
tiki tiki tiki
goin to bed    long day hopefully a good night
goin walkin around town   peace
bene nox!
so i head back to the states in less than 10hrs     
leaving for the airport catch ya'll on the flip side!
sorry everyone got them posted now
thank you everyone! i miss you all and thank you for your love!!!!!!
hey guys sory i've benen unresponsive lately had comp problems but i'm back with full hard drive!
dress was even better in person  holiday shopping is done and now i'm online registering for the wedding    i'm a going concern
oh the places you will go    
the snow looked like glitter in the sun!
icey!
awake and half allert      i wanna go back to bed to pretty outside though     last nights <propfemale> on the snow was beyond imagination
soooo excited the wedding dress fits like a glove and now i'm heading out for my shoes!
why do i bother o o
ready for sleep
snow??? i didn't see this one coming!
woke up to 3 in snow on the ground still snowing and it only going to be cloudy with a slight <propmale> of winter mix and it is cloudy right now crazy weather people
taxes are finally done!
going to bed now bene nox!
engagement pictures at 4!!!!
what to do with life's lil' quirks
what to do with life's lil' quirks
needs to go to bed    
needing help but so tired of asking for it i can't ask anymore    i'll go without rather than ask again 
got a plan and sticking to it!
thank you everyone for a great bridal shower today!!!!
"i will never let myself become dehydrated again     the headaches, the body aches the not being able to eat    and the constant threat of needles     save me!!!!!"
just finished the flowers for the wedding thank you dd and bb for all the help they look magical!
"dogs got a hair cut, looking for a new washer, floors cleaner, airs being cleaned as i type and the dishes are done     and it only 3 yeay for productive days!"
should be in bed got caught up in wedding music planning     tomorrow is going to be long   bene nox everyone!!!
down to 2 weeks o o lord they are going by fast    
starting to move    down to the food prep for the wedding    o o lord how much is really left ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   o o soooooo  if you haven't rsvped please do so or you might not have food!!!!!
the days are passing by so fast !!!! i can't keep up ahhhh!!!  not really just trying to clean up and such   pre planning is a blessing
counting down the sec  as they tick by  tick  tick crap what tick was that      wait a tick i can't loose that tick?!  ticky come back!
i dislike cleaning    unless i'm angery and i'm not angery and i'm cleaning so i dislike it greatly    
hope everyone is having a good april fools day !
"my personal \hell\"" week has begun choco making tonight!  cant wait to see everyone as i can!!!!!"""
well my life is offically goin crazy    
i'm so happy my friend is here first time in 3 yrs ! my dad comes in tomorrow and my other friend comes on thurs and i haven't seen her in 5 yrs!!!! love you guys!!!
working on my wedding vows because we decided to write our own     
getting ready to go out with my girls!!!
only a few more hours as a columbia  o o
wow    married o o
i'm in my grandma's old house sooo i have no internet for a while if you need me hit up my cell!!!
i want to thank everyone who helped at the wedding! im working on the thank you cards so dont feel forgotten im just slow on them !!!!!! loves and blessed day!
"what a week first sick dog, now sick husband, they both have meds now so they are on the mend! love my family very much and want them well!!!!"
flooding in millington a lot of water and more on the way everyone stay safe and dry!!!!
bb crying      and screaming    and crying      o o wtf?!?!?!? anyways house is alright and everyone is alive!
alright looking for a part time job anyway know a place hiring??
oy how time is flying my lil' sis' is all grown up and graduating in a week or so sniff sniff
staying calm cooking and cleaning my attitude away     making pies     hummm bad sign
drama- a thing that fills life and seems to be shorting my life span 
i dislike people greatly    
congrates to all 2010 grads!!!!!!!
goin to the last event in memphis in may tonight !!!!! everyone have a great sat  night and thank u mom for the tickets!
"the roads we choose make life,the ones we leave untraveled what if    "
tired watching <propmale> <propmale> movies  i cleaned a lil waiting on dryer tjen bed <propmale>e  bene nox et ego am tu!!!!!
give a moose a muffin     
<propfemale> got her first lesson in biting tonight      bite me i bite back  i am <propfemale> <propfemale> in this pack puppy
at kix on beale street what a night
beer puppies  and <propmale> python     whatta night
lights have been off at my house all day and most of last night due to a burned up cable shesh     silly cable made watching cars with <propmale> very very hard    had to move the party to my moms lol
what a quiet night     
too quiet      
going to bed   tomorrow is going to be a busy day no matter the line-up   
"if tomorrow doesn't come, and today was just a memory    would you be pleased with the life you lived?"
sittin out by the lake watching the rain roll in and leave again
i think the world is conspiring  to force me to stay up again
wanting everything to come together so i can start back to school already!
today is hell on wheels and it is on fire yo
"every night is an adventure here at my house    tonight was the epic battle of the armadillo and the dogs     i swooped in and saved the armadillo or the dog depends on how u look at  set the armadillo free and walked home at 1am shesh what a night\happy bday bb and <propmale>!"
oy switching the dog food    again lol one makes one sick the other will not touch the other sooooo rather than buying 2 or 3 kinds i'm switching to one they both like
cant sleep watching anime    tokyo mew mew might be kinda childish but i love it all the same
goin to bed  been a wierd tiring day  i hope everyones day goes well tomorrow  those traveling get there safe and those who arnt i hope it is relaxing and good 
trying to figure out what to make with the chicken for dinner     
long fun day! goin to finish setting up my work area for school and some cleaning then bed time!!!!
ok now that i went outside to <propmale> off or shoot whatever the dogs were barking at and it has turned out the be the infamous tennis ball of doom i'm goin to bed    again 
finished day one of school and started on day two  time for bed now  sleep well everyone!!! bene nox!
just found out today i'm going to ireland! in like 2 weeks
my mutant spider friend died today     he got bit by a brown recluse and then i killed the brown recluse but i was too late to save my large spider friend     *tear*
you know the me i want you to know    stop saying you know me
up with a sick dog    poor thing is running a slight fever   maybe she will stop eatting random stuff out of the yard now  doubt it but maybe
my lil' <propfemale>'s fever finally broke she has eattin and kept fluids down !!! yeay! now she bugging momma o o
it has been years since my last sugar high     we are having way too much fun over here 
we are here!!!! in the hotel in down town dublin!
"thank you for all the happy bdays!  we are in dublin, ireland now it is around 4 smile 0ish in the afternoon here so everyone be good and have a good night!"
"went on our first bus tour today, went to the guinness storehouse, and had a story candle lite dinner   busy day and an early start so not on here long tonight loves!"
"a smoothie for breakfast, got to love these smoothies yummm  then off for the valley of the <propmale> tour and running around dublin again !"
"long day     hopefully the tour tomorrow will be better than todays, not because of the guide rather the whole tour     oh well it was pretty and got some diff  footage on video "
"good tour today acutally one of the best i've seen, if you come to dublin do the coastal and castle tour   it is short only 3-4 hrs or so but it is pretty "
"yesterday's tour was sooo pretty we went into the mountain area, around sugar loaf mountain (love the name), through the wounderful gardens at the powers estate, and around the country side  over all just lovely   hoping to spend more time in the country away from the city these next 3 days "
"we are now in galway ireland, don't know what we are doing but we are here and in a b&b"
last night in ireland     sad to leave in the morning but ready to be home    
home! working on school work and trying to get back on my schedule already!!!
my eye is twitching      
did anyone loose a butterfly earing at my wedding??? i just found one in my decor stuff i was sorting through it isn't mine sooo if you lost it let me know!!!!!!!
you always wonder what part of your dreams are just wierd and what parts actually are your brain trying to tell you something    
starting my yard sale right    now!  okie lah here at my grandmas house selling off my crap if u wanna come look!
i loved the guardians movie!!! it was alsome in 3d  !!!!! thank you for taking me !!!!!!!!!!
if people took their own advise they would be much better off    
going to paint and try and get something done now that school work is done!!! night everyone!
i am tired       
got to love a good scary movie with wine
*tears* tmi
i like it on the couch!
feeling artistic sooooo i'm going to go mess up some perfectly good white paper or whatever i find that needs paint thrown at it
someone slap me im goin to get lost on purpose in the corn maze!
"on a role tonight   home work is done starting on tomorrows, got my mom's samples done for the kitchen painting job, and worked on my own pics   and made a home made christmas gift! good end and start to a day!"
had a good day     now if only i could sleep  annoyed 
well my dogs found a new toy     a squirrel   they are so mad i took their new toy away and put it in the big trash can   soooo they are after a new one   shesh
storm setting in going to bed bene nox everyone!!!!
sick as a dog and no idea why      
finally got those darn trees cut down to size   tomorrow the bushes!
okie got a few paintings done now time to go work on school work! clean up first   waiting on sister to get over here !!!!!!! sissstttteeerrrrrrrrrr come here!!!!!!!!
"going to bed finally   got a few things done today, yet so much left to do tomorrow   bene nox !"
i'm goin to go do something useful    not shure what but i'll go find something to do  if u wanna talk just text!
well i am now off to play ddr    didn't do anything useful earlier sooo i guess i'll just work out 
started working on actually posting pics of some of the stuff i've been doing artish a lot of the stuff is gone already and i forgot to take pics or they corupted     sooo here is what i have so far!
alright going to bed early tonight laying down with a school book and reading and passing out! bene nox facebook friends and family bene nox
"been trying my hand at painting different objects    everything from walls to masks, luggage to canvas    "
going to go do puzzles and home work for a while before bed time bene nox facebook friends!
why not a little bored     soooo i'm goin' to accept questions!  ask me a question in my mail box and i'll answr it on here!!!!
"q:why?\a: do to the lack of things to do in this small town and that i am tired of writting school work i decided to answer random questions   well the random answer would have to be icee machines       yes i have concluded that the answers are all u can drink icee machines  that is all "
okie done with homework     i dislike english with a passion      why i ask why?!?!?!?
<propmale> potter tonight!!!!! who else is going????
the things  you find when cleaning out other peoples cabnets!
wow everyone be in shock     i'm cooking pumkin bread from a pumkin my sister and i cooked down yesterday     and it is actually turning out good!!!!!  smile 
food time!!!!! cooked and cleaned yesterday so today it is time to munch!!!! happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!  i'm thankful for my family without them i would not be who and where i am   i am thankful for my friends for without them i would not know fun!  love you guys!!!!!
"good day    good food, lots of family time, and a great time on the ddr <propmale>!"
"looking back on my past through dreams all knowing eyes     im happy for those who found their way, those who found life, and all the pain that everyone went through to find that rainbow of hope     the hell is not over for some yet there is light if u know where to find it! look deeper than the dark, and feel that single spark!"
alright i'm goin to start up with the number thing     had way too many friends doing so to not join in!!!!!  soooo send me that random #!
"already got my first one shesh ya'll are fast!!!!\1350- fireworks, then, now, forever  got to love blowing stuff up!  wink "
256-ur one of the f ew i'd trust with a knife    though you did try and kill that one guy    
"6-we don't get to see as much of the other as we would want!  you are a great mother, a wonderful friend, and i'm glad to know you!"
alright heading out for a while goin to do some stuff so if i miss a # i'll get to it when i get  back!
the things you can find at dollar tree!!!!!!
i can't seem to sleep though it is not from lack of trying      oh well guess i'm pulling another 42hr day      
i'm going to attempt to make cookies     if u hear the fire trucks thats just me again 
my little puppy does not like the snow!!!!! she is too funny      
missed the eclipse      man i do not like being sick and having wierd sleeping schedules
feeling much better after all the meds!!!  just glad the side effects are wearing off as well!  maybe i'll get something done today 
grrrrrrr                                               just grr
now it is time to wait     then cook     christmas <propfemale> breakfast for dinner       yummmm
operation suprise <propfirst> for his birthday went very well thank you everyone who assisted in this!!!!!!!!   happy bday baby!  and you thought i forgot eheheheheheeheh
well i'm heading to the doctor for a look at the brain      hit my head or something and having issues soooo off i go and this time it isn't because i'm insane 
heading to get head  scan and bloodwork done      shesh what a way to end the yr 
ct scan and xrays came back with nothing  waiting on blood work
no news just got more blood from me though    
i'm offically hating baptist east   i didn't get to see any of the xrays  and i go in for dizzy vertigo and possable head trama and they send me away saying i have a minor uti     that was it         minor uti         and the swelling was a lympnode 
"tired, goin to bed  bene nox facebook!"
hey anyone wanna help me write a paper  laugh   no? well *snap* oh well guess i am off to write the stupid thing      
"took a long walk in the snow with my hubby and my dogs   that was fun!!!! sooo pretty, quiet, and relaxing     "
sometimes something small hurts more than words can discribe       
finished homework and a glass project sooo i'm heading to bed now bene nox everyone!
well we had our first zumba girls night at the local ymca  actually finished the whole hr o o go us!!!!!!!!
well this up coming wed  is my apt for the nerve doc   we will see if i'm just crazy or not!
"busy making birthday stuff, wedding stuff, and my works that are supose to be done around feb   so far wedding done, birthday done     now to get these last few bigger projects done!"
damn the things i can find out about a person       eheheheheheheheh
"alright       no heat until tomorrow, i've finished my homework so i think i'm goin to go curl up in my bed room with my small electric heater and pray it warms the room up enough to sleep      stupid blower motor     well i'm done freezing to stay on the computer good night sweet dreams and adu!"
we have achived heat!  back home! if you're not home drive safe there is black ice everywhere already!
oh lordy trying to paint in the cold is impossable!   grrrrrr fighting with painting inside and running it inside to dry      oh well i can make it one night lmao
busy lil' <propfemale>!  well as you can see the <propmale> is going well   if anyone needs anything done let me know!!!!
omg !!!!!! i scrapped an a in research writting!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *happy dance*
i dislike confusing homework     makes my headaches worse
"i will not mame them, i will not mame them      sometimes you have to chant to keep the temper in check when it comes to epic fails in real life        "
don't get mad     stay calm      
i don't know if i like these pills the doc  put me on     if they help though i'll take them but man do i feel out of it o o
nothing like a stupid nurse to make you feel good about the doctor you go to      she had to e playful lain to me what benadryl is    when in my paper work it is listed as a drug i use for aleric reactions      annoyed 
well i finally got to my eeg didn't have to reschedule this time due to weather!  going to bed now everyone have a good night and congrates tt!!!!!!!!!
great way to wake up     to miss dogs   can't find them if your in the millington area and u spot a border collie and a brown and white mutt running together give me a call !  they go by the names of <propfemale> and itty bitty
dogs are still missing if your in millington area and you see a boarder collie and a smaller brown dog missing their collars (of coarse itw ould be washing day that they get out of the gate) please pick them up and let me know!
my puppies are back home!!!!  thank you for everyone who kept a look out!  i had to leave and when i returned they were waiting in the drive way!!!
alright it seems if you want to see me in the next 2 weeks call now time slots are filling up      shesh ultra busy!
storm passed and our lights are finally back on!!!!! bene nox!
first time shooting today!  didnt do too bad 
"trying to fix my email issue, sorry for all the spam mail everyone is getting!!!!!"
sworn in  on bus to airport and offically gone!!! good luck baby love and miss you!!!
good luck <propfirst> i miss you but i am soooooo proud and excited for you!!!!!
recruit dunham as arrived safely at parris island as of 23:15   i'm so proud!
alright going to do some <propmale> stuff then off to bed!  bene nox facebook!  1 day down 3more months to go!
alright 2 days into doing things alone and all hell has started to break loose     shesh   anyways if anyone knows anything about the natural heartworm treatment for dogs called heartworm free please let me know good or bad     thanks and nighty nite!
alright day 2 is down for the count!  i'm still alive and the dogs are so far and the truck was only knocked around no damage done     evil day but survived it!
another day down only a few more to go    months that is but only a few more!  smile 
a week already    my how time flys when your so busy you can not even finish your homework     
code green     code green     project green is in process     that is all 
"oh my gosh ! i just realized      we sit and stare at a screen      we have imaginary farms, cities and fake animals  we poke people and its ok      omg we even write on walls  think about it      facebook is a mental hospital      and we are all patients   feel free to copy     i did!!!  playful "
offically a dunham now     had to wait forever but i am now in the name changing process!
headaches come in many shapes and forms     mine have names      
finally finished my finals!!!! yeay!
"tired, been a long day, hopefully i can catch up tomorrow! bene nox face book!"
yes another 2 classes down and i've still got my 3 95 gpa yeay!
"had a great day today! got to play an april fools on my sister, went to see red riding hood (loved it), got the <propfemale> cut back, and the 1st flower garden finished!  good day!"
well the fountain is now working! yeay fountain!
long day and it is only 3 smile 0       
