0efba48dbf174b3415146a544a266434
is almost not sick!  dance
"went to the new park across from her house today and walked instead of using her boring-as-hell treadmill  i also got sidetracked and picked some blackberries, but i did extra walking to compensate!"
"thinks exercising outside is completely different from exercising inside  i thought i was going to fall over yesterday, got woozy and a bit nauseated  evidently i need to wait even later   sun-going-down later "
"my poor daddy is sick for the first time in about 18 years   poor daddy! unfortunately, i have to avoid him like the plague  i don't want to take risks with my moronic immune system!"
"nearly read an entire novel in one day  sometimes i manage to finish them, but my poor eyes starting killing me "
is happy  i went to the park across from my house and had a good vantage point on about 5 different people setting off fireworks  i also stayed late enough until the little ones vacated the swings so i could get one! i love swinging so much   it's one of 
every single time i pass by someone talking about going camping i can't keep myself from thinking: why the hell would anyone subject themselves to that?!
"i was a bit pissy since i'm being forced to do a powerpoint, then i saw some nice kamnews  yay!"
had fun tonight  i also wore a sleeveless top for the first time in more than 10 years 
is frickin' happy! uga just assigned parking and i got the east deck! my first choice! hell yes! *happy dance*
can't jog anymore  giving my knees a three day weekend to recover and then i will be a <propmale> again  walking has taken me this far so it can take me the rest of the way!
perhaps i'll do some clinical psychology along with my research   i seem to be good at it!  laugh 
is happy! i love you all!!!!!!!
just got her first car!!! we are picking it up tomorrow! it's a silver 2006 mazda 3i!!  dance
my sexy mazda drives sooooooooo nicely! *hugs mazda*
thinks that driving officially sucks! i need more cds to play in my car so i'm not bored to death  yesterday i was waxing poetic on my new found freedom but now the lotus wants to go back into the murky water! (and no i am not posting my crap poem here)
driving is still sucktastic  however driving + kamelot cd = rock out time!
finally going to make an appointment at the uni clinic to get my knees checked out  i hope it's just arthritis   sigh!
has been busy busy busy! mi español es mejorar rapidamente! also found out what's wrong with my knee   have exercises to do to correct a muscle imbalance 
hah! i wrote my essay in 30 minutes!! booyah evil pe teacher!
i am freakishly tired and msn won't work!!!
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day  thanks "
methinks i'm getting sick   i want to go to dragoncon next year! and i want to go to progpower next year! meh 
just wrote my 1000 word essay in only an hour  why did i have to get the evil phys <propmale> teacher? impromptu essays with no warning and a freakishly close deadline (eg: the very next day before noon) are understandable in academic courses but not phys <propmale>! this is a walking class! now i wish i hadn't switch<propmale> from volleyball   that guy just want<propmale> to play and have fun  no written component at all  bah 
omg kamelot is headlining progpower next year!!! my dreams have come true! i want a ticket to progpower for xmas!!!! #%^%$#@$#%^ *dies*
acabo de darse cuenta que música es <propfemale> tema de investigación en psicología      laugh 
needs to be less lame 
 dance
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me  after you are done, post this on your own status, you'll be surprised what people remember about you    "
i haven't had a cold this bad in years     annoyed 
is almost not sick 
it's been a loooooong time since an essay gave me so many problems! i still have one more to write today   sigh 
massive spanish failure   damned preterite vs imperfect   > >
why the computers at uga don't like facebook is beyond me   i think it's fb's fault  sorry to <propfirst> and naz    fb just wouldn't work right!  sad 
needs more time  time to go   again  mardita zea!
is hoping her spanish essay is not epic fail  the preterite imperfect thing is so damn confusing sometimes  at least i learned two new tenses last week! he decidido   present perfect and past perfect ftw 
sigh   first ever oral spanish exam is tomorrow  my speaking spanish is infinitely worse than my writing and reading abilities  mi español es el peor de todo el mundo!!! he aceptado mi destino    - -
"my spanish teacher said \spanish on paper and actually speaking it are two completely different things  it's just another step   you just aren't there yet \"" sigh! off to get my hair done so i can feel less moronic     goes to put shoes on"""
this halloween is going to the best one in a loooooong time  i'm dressing up as a stereotype!!!!! pics shall follow sooooooooooon!
"just made my new schedule for next semester  only one class on mondays  the latest class i have ends at 3:20  no classes on friday, but 4 classes on tuesday    even if i stay to work out at ramsey for an hour i'll still get home earlier than i have this entire semester!"
"has spent the entire day trying to fix the computer that her brother somehow managed to get over a dozen viruses on in only one day  <propfirst> is officially banned from this computer  if i can't fix it dad will have to pay to get it fixed or i'll have to wipe the hard drive  thanks, <propfirst> "
damned rootkit is damned impossible to remove   sigh  instead of trying my last avenue for success i'm screwing around instead 
game of humans vs zombies on campus = epic lulz  i want to play next time!
zomg!!! sonata arctica in atlanta on april 30!!!!!!!! epica comes on february 28th   then progpower    2010 is going to be epic 
buying people is somehow quite satisfying on a subconscious level  i think the monsters from the id are roaming 
<propfemale> viejo acaba de comprar mi     ayudame!
i've only had two evil teachers in my life  this pedb guy is on a new level of pompous assery  i'm going to have to do all the pages in the book to ensure he doesn't screw me over  that's a lot of pages    - - i have to hand them in on friday! oh joy    
necesito escribir <propfemale> ensayo hoy   durante clase! acabo de escribir <propfemale> borrador    mi español está mejor que pensé     mi habilidades de hablar sólo son ya horrible   meh
wants to cook now but has to wait until tomorrow  must remember to take the phyllo and pie crust dough out of the freezer tonight! mm   pie made with homemade pie crust    however slicing the pears will take forever  sigh 
"my pear pie recipe made me end up with two pies  but hey, too much pie does not exist! store bought bottom crust + homemade upper crust = deliciousness  and zomg phyllo is evil!  oooh i'm going to steal <propfirst>'s theme  <propfemale>'s advice for the day: to peel fruit for a pie use a vegetable peeler  instead of slicing fruit with a knife use a grater! much more e playful edient and it comes out splendidly "
starting a new game of sacred 
"is plotting  never stopping, never stopping  victory is impending, soon i will be winning "
"how wonderful   heavy rain and flash flooding  i had to <propmale> through the creek in front of ramsey, the river in front of the east deck, and the river that is in front of tate  i am soaked up to my knees  currently sitting shoeless and sockless to try and dry off   in addition to that i have my 3rd cold of the semester  odio resfriados    muy muy mucho   "
getting sick this often again worries me  i can only hope the past has not come to haunt me 
"is still making it work though a wrench has been thrown in her plans  (finals conflict, the only reschedule time is at 8am saturday morning  i have to be in class at 7 smile 0   which means i'll have to wake up @5am to get my ass to uga on time ) oh, joy  at least my research paper is 95% complete   just need methodology  that'll take about 30mins  sigh "
three down and one to go  the soci one will take the most time   i'll have to get at least a third of the study guide and reading done today    at least i'll be free after tuesday  waking up @5 sucked and español casi me mató    -__-  vamos a esperar que apruebe   
i have free time now  i'm confused 
knows someone who will has pumpkin bread on monday!
somehow an 8 year-old killed my compy for two days and i just fixed it today    o__o
happy holidays to all my lovelies!
is presently content 
is sick  again  off to partake of nyquil goodness 
where has all the rum gone? into my cup of chai!!!! cup of cold chai + 3 shots of coconut rum = best drink ever
is pissed  uga makes a last minute schedule change and doesn't sent out fucking notifications until 8pm the day before  i ended up in the wrong building and had to come here to check wtf was up  fuck you uga! fuck you very much!
puede divinar cual clase es proximo?  playful 
getting enough sleep is apparently the secret to getting through days that begin at 6am  *gives a <propfemale> nod*
"i finally listened to \bad romance\"" 5 times  at first i was like \""      \"" but now i'm like \""hm   \"" i don't hate it but i'm feeling some cognitive dissonance   *confused*"""
off to write an impromptu paper  in spanish  hopefully i don't make epic fail  *goes off to class*
meow 
"spanish tenses i know: present, present progessive, past participle, preterite, imperfect, future, present subjuntive, imperative, present perfect, past perfect, present perfect  i know i'm missing conditional   pondering what else is missing  missing too much  *shakes fist*"
i skipped out on school and got something cute and *purple* in the mail today     laugh 
has snow! i got to listen in the car to abandoned while it was snowing   soooooo nice    
"i thought the bottom fell out for sure this friday  hopefully i'll get back to normal this weekend    (sorry my <propfemale> babies, i had to skip the net this weekend and i'm only on right now for a break before more exam cramming    annoyed )"
time to start being awesome and kick some ass 
epica on sundayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!
epica concert was epic  i also got a plectrum from the bassist of blackguard! very awesome!
went to the atlanta zoo today  i'm going to the botanical gardens tomorrow!
enjoyed her spring break  i'm slowly uploading all the photos   getting rid of blurry ones and rotating the the sideways ones and blablabla    
has too much to catch up on  at least i got everything uploaded to photobucket    
"i be sick but i feel good knowing that in the next chapter i will finally be able to say i know every spanish verb tense  si supiera todo, qué harías?"
is going to be old soon  however    i do get a new bike out of this whole thing 
made a gross miscalculation and is not happy about it 
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone! especially to <propfemale> for my card!!!!! eventhoughitmentionedacane     "
"the penicillin that was supposed to help with my throat ended up landing me in the er last night  thank you, modern medicine  what other institution simultaneously attempts to heal and kill you at the same time? (no worries, i'm mostly fine)"
hates playing catchup   so i'm giving up as far as fb is concerned  blah 
feels like banging her head into a wall  repeatedly 
"has had a hell of a month  old man had his appendix removed today  seriously, is it possible for anything else to happen?"
setting up a situation wherein i need to get 4 months of work done in 1 might have been a stupid decision    it will definitely bleed over into an extra month  blah 
seriously wants to murder someone and is languishing in the 95 degree heat with a heat index of 102 without a properly functioning air conditioner 
"is very happy now that the new air conditioner has been put in  i still need to snap back to reality and get my work done, though!"
call of duty is actually awesome   and i usually hate first-person shooters 
i forgot facebook existed for quite awhile    i haven't been on here in a month! literally   my last update was june 27   and it is july 27!
well   my summer went to hell in a handbasket   but at least it wasn't boring!
got through the first week back in class  yay for accomplishing nothing special! and   forking forgot the word for fork in spanish  i refuse to look it up!
insane day  i hope <propfirst> will be okay 
anyone up for a last minute trip to progpower? i have a pair of leftover tickets to unload  i won't charge you any more than they cost me when i got them!
i won't be able to get  on the computer for much leisure crap before progpower so i wanted to post my cell number right quick so those coming to progpower can contact me! i refuse to let you get lost in the crowd! epic meet approaches! (also   i don't have unlimited texting   keep that in mind i e  text only when necessary) 678-622-7268
now i know i need to save up more money for progpower  yepyep 
my poor sweet boxer has managed to break his leg  blah 
do you recall when you were a child and your parents got you an icecream cone? do you recall that as you were assaulting the icecream with your tongue it had the audacity to fight back by taking a running leap to the ground? alas   but the icecream landed in a splattered heap  just desserts 
my poor baby puppy now has two legs in a cast and a referral to a specialist at the uga vet clinic  i'm thinking he has some sort of genetic disorder   
apparently bombing a test in heatherland means getting an 88   
i'm taking the best class ever   but i have to finish a lame-ass one to get to it! damnitall!
mercurial moods not caused by pms  seems assholes do it better 
no longer has the luxury of time  i've got a shitload to do   i just spent 3 hours answering 5 questions! never take an independent learning course! way too much work   i'll be scarce round the net for 2 or 3 months while i work myself senseless 
"doc said no walking, jogging, running, or cycling  i can still weight train but with limits  what the hell am i left with in the cardio aerobic category? and don't say swimming! i refuse to be seen in public wearing a bathing suit!"
how can anyone run into a parked car? especially mine?
i am slowly accomplishing things  got a position in the self control lab for 2 credit hours  i'm halfway done with the online classes and hopefully through force of will i can zoom through the rest of them  i come bearing one word of advice - don't take psych 3260 (human sexuality) unless you want to be distracted all the time 
today i made my schedule for my final semester as an undergrad  it took about 4 hours due to cuts in class offerings but i think i ended up with a nice schedule for my last semester at uga  now i have 5 or 6 years of phd work to look forward to   and i can't decide if i want to walk at the commencement ceremony  meh 
seriously needs to get back to the internets  i'll be free soon! yayyyyyy!
world - 2 ; peepers - 0
it took me weeks to make it  it took the dog 30 seconds to irrevocably destroy it  i'm sorry <propfemale> and lasse  sad 
2 days of classes left then finals  free soon! freeeeeeeeeeeedom!!!
epica on the 17th is a wash  and they are playing with scar symmetry! i have to miss scar effing symmetry!!!!!!!!!
"whew, kind of roller coastering   in other news: i now have an awesome phone with unlimited everything  feel free to abuse it: 678-622-7268 (i don't have international anything however! only the us and canada )"
it's snowing!
my car is dead     dammit
last undergrad semester ever  all save one of my professors rock and working in the lab is awesomesauce!
just got through the most hellish week so far this semester  i slept til 4 to recover! hah
happy <propfirst>'s day!
how is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
eluvietie tomorrowwww  and facebook fails to function properly! can't see messages or friend requests  lame 
lab meeting canceled due to potential of tornadoes  hah  but i'm on my way to be checked out at the docs since i got my head smacked into a pylon at the concert
