09cef3e6acee31950125094a691c79d6
"anime freaks  better or worse than \normal\"" people?"""
(in a raspy voice) reeeaad!
how many eggnogs does it take to get to the <propfemale>? %)
"the colbert report  the greatest comedy news show to talk about real events in the world, and then make a complete mockery of them in history! watch it on comedy central  ***** 5 of 5 stars"
how in the unholy hell do you go directly to the quiz <propfemale>!!!! > sad 
tried to stay up till 12 smile 0 watching anime on adult swim on saturday    i didn't get it 
debate: best game for the play station 2  and    begin!
"have a very sappy <propfirst>'s day, everyone  you make me sick  smile "
17 at last    not that i was waiting for it  it just kinda snuck up on me 
"wow, what an intresting day! i    crap! i'm lyin'  nothing happened this  weekend! nothing ever happens in visalia  all the cool stuff goes on out of town "
"i've got to do something other than homework, video games, working out, playing guitar or watching tv  i'm going crazy!!"
<propmale>'s birthday is wednesday?! this calls for a pvfgmw2 party at his house!!
whats a fun spring break activity?
painting the bathroom suuucks!
"people are more fun when they're \open to suggestions\"" """
"go to sleep, facebookers "
i need a good escrima kali instructor that teaches within 50 <propmale> of visalia 
<propfirst> bond or <propfirst> bourne? (bond suxx!)
been sick for nearly a week  i think it's starting to get better because i'm feeling a lot worse 
recovery sucks 
"alright, since our friggin posters got torn down at school last week, here's a real fast post on this friday's movie nite: 'friday 23rd, gw movie club presents avatar in room p 24  doors open at 4:45 p m  free admission '"
gotta beat this damn cold! i cant do anything with it 
duct tape day?! really?!
does anybody know how to translate encoded emails onto word? i have an actual problem!
universal studios on a friday wtith a bus-full of teenagers    this should be interesting 
it's funny to watch the smile on people's faces fade away when they try to mess with you and they realize its not even phasing you 
"resolutions for next year, uh    lets see    i want to be able to go through senior year with an outstanding gpa, i have to do something crazy exciting meaningful before it's all over, and make up my mind about what i want out of my life, and what i want to be  that enough stuff?"
"back from oregon  saw some beautiful scenery, fished a little, and caught up with my favorite cousins  i miss them already, and i can't wait to see them again soon  my vacation ended too soon "
i'm headed off to san <propmale> today on a three day trip  i'll see you when i see you 
"dammit, whoever wrote up these schedules must have had a freakin stroke and a heart attack in the same hour  freakin fail "
"have a happy thanksgiving, guys "
