f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b
"has two things to look forward to- mom coming home tomorrow, and the concert on monday! people, please keep me awake at school on tuesday, because i'm going to be a very tired (and partially deaf) person!"
"is so excited for the concert tomorrow, it's hard to breathe  although it's going to be hard on tuesday, it's worth it! i can't wait!!!!!!!!!"
is sooooo ready for vacation in 1 hour! yay!
is going to ithaca bakery for another yummy sandwich  and then to corning glassworks to make a glass sculpture! yay!
"is very, very happy to have her new <propmale> brothers cd  all the songs are memorized now  we are going to take dad to the gfa thingy-ma-jig at ithaca college "
is done with dinner and is reeeeaaaaaaaaaaaalllyyy full   smile 
is in jfk airport in nyc uing wifi  heading to sanfransico soon 
"is in sacramento, california, visiting her grandma  wishes kaela would call    is sorry she missed skippy's call  it's only 4:49 here    feels like it should be almost 7, or maybe almost 8 (home time and new york time) "
"thinks she missed someone's phone call  doesn't know who, apologizes, was visiting grandpa in convulescent home "
really wishes my bff kaela would call  my cell is very unactive this summer 
is in a bit of a shock that <propfirst> <propmale> died 
kinda wants to go home    i miss my kitties!
is listening to demi's power-chord voice in here we go again  she's my #1 female pop icon~<>~
 sad (( granny's in the hospital  flying home tomorrow instead of monday 
ordered a custom pair of converse today     ha     they're sooooo crazy and wacky    can't wait to wear 'em!
"is connected to wifi in the sacramento, ca airport and is going home soon, won't be there til' around 11pm "
is very very very sad  my granny died today 
is very happy and excited that <propfirst> <propmale> is getting married to <propfemale>!
is getting ready to go to my papaw's to stay a couple of nights! looking forward to movies and popcorn and my papaw!
yay!!! kaela is coming over monday! and daddy cleaned my room for me!! *hehe* don't have to do it     
is so very xcited to have kaela and <propfirst> coming over tomorrow 
feels like writing something  don't know what 
is sunburned 
 sad  mommy's sick!
feeling a headache coming on 
"think i'm sick  but not as bad as skippy! please keep her in your prayers!  she left a message on my cell saying she has the flu, and it might be the h1n1 (she didn't say) because she is in an area where there is an h1n1 outbreak!"
needs motivation to get up in the morning before 10 
ah! 18 days!! i can't wait!!
concert in    let's see    17 days!!! ahahahahahah i can't wait! muahahahaha 
"urggggh  i just (yes, just!) finished my stupid stupid impossible algebra homework! now, my back, neck and head hurt  lovely  and they say math never hurts "
 laugh  5 more days wahhh i can't wait!!! haaaaaahh!
i feel like taking new pictures and doing new photoshops  waaaahhh!! four more dayzzzzzz!
"i can't find disneychannel's \send it on\"" anywhere!! help?"""
awwww look at my <propfemale> squeaky in my profile picture! isn't she just so cuuuuttee?
3 days! yay!
"oh, dear! <propfemale>'s having kittens "
omj omj omj  three more days until the concert!!!
i just saved my house from a flood 
luvs kitties 
"oh my goodness  my <propfemale>, coug, came home, but it's obvious that someone trapped him and abused him because his skin in cut above his eyes   sad "
feels so very excited! wwwwaaaahhhhh little more than 24 hours until seeing my beloved <propmale> 
wiped out from helping the cousins and aunt <propfirst> move   playful 
thinks skippy can be mean 
 sad 
agent p!!!!
is very stuffed and loves her book 
blughuhguhguhgughuhguhguhguhguhguhguhguhhhhh              i have a headache and algebra tomorrow   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad   sad 
feels a slight sadness 
why? tried to turn on the tv to get you out of my head feeling something deep inside that i just won't admit it's not like i don't wanna commit (wanna commit) i just don't now why i can't stop feeling like this tell me why? why? why? does it hurt so bad tell me why? why? why? does it make me mad tell me why? tell me why? now i can see the storm's not gonna clear (not gonna clear)
"four days until the light and love of my life turns 17  happy almost birthday, <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>!"
i am incredibly bored 
off to finish my algebra  whoopeee 
sigh  weekends are never long enough to enjoy  and i get to back to school tomorrow and find out the grade i got on my algebra test (it's probably an f!!)
"three days until the love of my life turns 17! oh, how the years have passed! happy almost birthday, <propmale>! and no comments here!"
"sigh, sigh  school "
tomorrow is the greatest day of the year! <propmale>'s birthday!
happy birthday <propmale>! wooooo it's the best day of the year!
sigh  can't we just skip friday? i'm already too tired to last another day of pure torture!
juuuuussstttt remembered i have a kesler test today i didn't study for  going to study!!
"sigh  i always thought fridays were supposed to be good days  today would have been an average monday  on friday scale of 1 to 10, that's like a 2  "
"is incredibly excited!! i've known this for a while, but the happiness just hit me  i get to have a portrait of <propmale> and i done over fall break!"
"i'd post something, but my opinions would get shot down "
"goodnight, world!!!!!!!!!!!"
"yay, it's saturday!"
going2go eat breakfast 
"argh! ye scurvy landlubbers! it be the talk like a pirate day! now ye talk like one, or walk the plank!"
is going to be a certain greek goddess for halloween  i'll never be too old for trick-or-treating!
isn't it funny that the only songs i like by miley <propmale> were written by someone else and <propfirst> by another person first?
"clothes should be a self e playful ression, not advertising for aeropostale or abercrombie   bet i get more compliments on my outfits than any prep   laugh  (not to brag, just feeling happy about today's compliments)"
so tired of school      
sigh  is it friday yet?
my cat just turned off a light switch  not kidding 
"watching \world's dumbest\""  sooooooo funny!"""
"just went shopping! bought a ring, a purse, and blue glitter lamp (curse obsessions! jk)  laugh "
tired    soooo tired  going to sleep 
still needs to do my algebra  but i'm not quite fully awake yet  
i'm bored 
not school! noo!!! the horror!
g0tta g0 back    i think i l0st a lung cumin up that steep hi11 
throat hurts  head pounding  algebra doesn't make sense  3 pages of history  rewrite a kesler paper  *groan* ughughughughughughughughugh 
"pray for me! band test! alone, out loud in front of the class!"
"ahhh    the fall is here! clouds, leaves, rain, crip air, chill, sweaters, ahhhhh! the second best season (second to spring)!"
sigh 
has anyone else seen the nooma video about breathing? it's really cool 
"if anyone wonders where i was    i was at the doctors, because mom was worried  nuthin but a cold!  laugh "
goodnight world! my eyes cannot be opened for much longe      zzz 
is feeling cold and blue 
i gots a headache 
i need 35-50 dollars 
"nonononnononono!!!!! school is torture! and if someone likes this, i am going to be a little angry "
"does not like the rumors spreading around school  they aren't about me, but it really hurts some people! guys!! cut it out!"
"why does r-diddy have to give us a test on ocayf? and a memorized one! with no chairs! (not band people, i bet you're reaaally confuzzled)"
no! gym starting on monday! it's living h-e-double-hockeysticks!
"sadness  gym and algebra are not a good mix  well, gym and anything are not a good mix "
"40 more school days until christmas break (aka, more days of gym) "
we just got home from the dentist (for me) and doctor (for dad)  i just want to eat my dinner in peace!
sometimes you have to give yourself a reward at the end of the day just for getting through it 
"hahahaha! ruckdeschel actually has a life outside of school! we saw him at cheddar's  me and my sister snuck off without him seeing, just to see if we could  we did!! hehe "
"why do we have to go to school? if we didn't have to, all the stupid idiots would stay home and the rest of us might actually learn something!"
"going to girlsense, then down to my room for some music "
computer is spazzing out 
i'm going to my room to think about what i've done  haha! that makes it sound like i did something wrong! nope  just going to think about my long day and listen to some music      
lots of <propfemale>! hopefully that will do as an incentive to get through gym this 9 weeks     but now i have a stupid blister on my foot    
"every day seems longer than the last, and i never get any more done than the day before "
"please! read! i know most of you hate the <propmale> brothers, but i'm asking everyone to pray for <propmale>  he has a dangerous respitory infection, and it was so bad, they had to cancel a concert  please pray for him!"
finally knows what pushing alt and f4 at the same time does 
doesn't want to take the algebra test tomorrow  but i'm looking forward to playing at the veterans' day assembly tomorrow 
yes! it's friiidaaaaayyy! i can feel the seconds passing by 
i wish i could find something that makes me really laugh 
"ack  my head is throbbing, and i've taken tylenol, a shower, an ice pack, pressure points, and nothing works "
gooooooooooooooooooooooooodnight fb! going to play imaginary guitar on the <propmale> ds game! yes i am so awesome!!! haaha!
hates disney skin it for not caring about my phone type 
"cannot wait until christmas, and must go make her christmas list "
eating mexican food  including rice      haha skippy!
school      urgh 
just feeling a <propmale> blue 
"facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>! (haha! it's funny!!!! and it does work   )"
what do you do when you get tired of being tired of everything?
"is ticked off that everyone else got to vote, and we didn't even see the list "
cold air has stranggggeeee effects on band kids 
"i wish i had lotsandlotsandlotsa      chocolate! (haha  inside joke, for mom)"
just got back from the mall and chick-fil-a  thank you for the beautiful tanzanite necklace and ring (and the chicken) mommy!
i hope you enjoy them forever my sweet girl 
"literally, i can feel my happiness draining and refilling per moment  it's a little weird  i think it depends on what i'm thinking about "
at least we only have 17 more school days until christmas break 
it's my daddy's birthday! and tomorrow is mommy's birthday!!
"happy birthday, mommy!!! i love you!"
"we are fixing thanksgiving lunch  (haha) it's about halfway done, but mom let my sis and i take a break "
just got back from <propmale>'s  i saw my cousin <propfirst> for the first time in like 5 years 
can't sleep     too much on my mind    
"when life gives you lemons, give 'em back and demand the <propmale> brothers "
"just threw up all over the dining room floor  yippeeee, think i'm sick "
"threw up like 10 times yesterday, then went to the hospital  i have a stomach virus and a uti "
"just has to make up red day work  so, all i have to do will be 2 algebra assignments, two history assignments, a book project, and whatever homework i get on friday "
is angry at ruckdeschel for giving us a pop playing test 
"people think i'm crazy for being in love with someone i've only seen once in person, someone who's impossibly famous, and a little over three years older than me  well, maybe i am crazy  but we'll just see who's laughing when i grow up  we'll just see "
"now knows two of the tracks on <propmale>'s upcoming album! i am ahead of the game, people!!!! first, there is who i am, and now! the yet-to-be-released, <propfemale> garden, which, from what i heard, is a darkly beautiful song about (this is the only released line)\she was brought into this world  out of a beautiful mistake  when her mom was just a girl  and her daddy didn't stay \"""""
mommy's wrapping our christmas presents and they're going under the trees!
seems to have a magical pen 
5 days of torture for 3 times as many days of relaxation? i'll take it 
appreciates <propmale>'s dark sense of humor 
"if wishes were fishes, i'd rent a professional fisherman to catch me some "
needs to practice her clarinet for the surprise test tomorrow  why won't he just tell us what to practice?
hates <propmale>'s neighbors puppy-shooting guts 
has found that ignorance is most definetly not bliss  it's more like being locked in a closet while you're sleeping 
so happy! i got my dsi!
yay! <propfirst> j finally got married today!
"went to see christmas lights, and is now in a very christmas-y mood "
"thinks a lot of people just like things because the rest of the world does  i'm not like that  i form an opinion, based on whether or not it actually appeals to me  (some people call this \being picky\""  )"""
has transformed her disaster area into a spotless room!
is hungry 
"can't wait to learn french in high school  the french words i already know just roll off my tounge like l'eau (aka, water) "
"if you want to get to the end of the road happily, give yourself rest stops along the way "
going to make cookies with family friends!
listening to the happy sounds of everyone making cookies and playing with <propmale>'s christmas present  i'm taking a break from killing cookies as the cookie nazi  (lol)
"<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> day everbody! happy almost birthday, jesus!"
"had a wonderful christmas <propfemale> with papaw, but it was so different without granny this year  <propfemale> christmas to all, and to all, a good night "
opened presents at 5 am! omj i had such a wonderful christmas!
"unfortunately, 97% of facebook users won't repost this  when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the 3% who will stand up for him, just repost this  jesus is the reason for this season!  laugh "
"misses her mother  and has had creepy nightmares of <propmale>'s death for 3 days now  woke up, and i couldn't remember if he had really died! (no, he has not  and i will be seeing him in person on monday )"
"so, i wanted my very last status to be something really meaningful \just thought i'd say, thanks to all of my wonderful friends who made this year amazing!"
happy new year!
life is good!!
"watching \the twilight zone\"" """
i hate it when the people you love take you for granted  i really do wish i could die and just be able to see who cares 
i'd catch a grenade for ya   
hates how sometimes i feel so paranoid and insecure 
"wishes for the <propfemale> that shows up outside, but looks to have a home "
feels better when people agree with her  that's probably why i like arguing  i need to have people on my side 
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (let's see who gets this message and follows it)"
is procrastinating  i really don't want to do my algebra 
"once again, avoiding my algebra "
"cried when <propfirst> lost <propmale>, and sobbed when <propfirst> lost <propfemale>  i cried more over it than they did!"
"not really anything on my mind  but there is a cat on my bed, lol "
"<propmale>'s new album is darker, more grown-up, and less pop with more rock! yes! he's finally broke the disney mold!"
got the cd a day early!!! i  love  <propmale>!!! ~happy~
"has decided  if i cannot bear dchs, mom and i have agreed that it would be best for me to transfer to majesty "
is so bored  but at least i'm slightly happy 
yay! happy birthday <propfirst>! can't wait to go skating later! and i really can't wait to give you your present!
"snow! wind! ice! again  lol, at least now i have time to do some homework "
enjoyed the party more than i thought i would!
the static crackling in the eerily lit sky hints that a small storm may be brewing  i do so hope it does 
"sigh  another day, started with hope, ended in disappointment  big surprise  why?"
"is sick! i threw up twice last night, then i tried to go to school this morning, but i got sick on the way      uhg "
is feeling much better 
happy birthday to moi!
"a year older, a year stronger! happy birthday to me!"
life's better bein' a pirate 
"oh my goodness! dad just hit his head outside, and he's going to the hospital with mom, who forgot her cell phone  now, i'm in charge of a panicked house "
has finished spring shopping!
"broke her glasses, and now must wear her creepy old rectangle ones until she goes to the optometrist "
"kendall-no, i apologized for that  me- are we talking about the same thing? and don't say it! kendall-i think so      me- because you definetly did not apologize for that  kendall-yeah, i did  me-ok, you know what? just call me  we'll discuss this later, young lady  kendall-are you calling yourself old?"
"loves that feeling of relief after something scares you to death  thank you, pirate terminology "
is praying frantically that r-diddy will forget a band test this week 
piano! i'm finally going to learn to play it  thank goodness  my fingers have been itching to play since june 
"if i poke you, will you e playful lode?"
everyone be wary today! it's april fool's day!
finally got my unbearably long and fairly girly hair cut! posting pics in about 5 minutes!
"loves shopping, and hates cleaning "
the rain is god's way of telling us to take a shower   smile 
feels pretty     first time in forever 
"i wish i had the ability to play every instrumet i wanted, all at the same time  i could create the song i hear that no one else does "
happiness is a song that means something to you and no one else 
"is exhausted, and has a headache  but at least i'm happy "
being mad at everyone i care about gives me a headache 
gets to spend her morning helping her whack-job cat give birth  pray for m   i mean   her 
<propfemale> (my beautiful <propfemale>) has given birth to three healthy little orange kittens 
what is the best emotion in the world? i want everyone's opinion 
love is glue on a broken heart 
is going to lake tahoe this summer 
"why do americans love foreign music? even i love it, which is strange, because i'm so picky about my music!"
cannot speak  i've been driven to taking medicine! the horror!
still has a science paper and 5-10 algebra problems to do    ugh! i'll do it tomorrow!
"does not want to go to school the day after tomorrow, so i'm spending this last night as happily as i can        gum, reading, movies, tv, and a nice hot shower to top it off "
grr 
"i got my piano today! hurrah! i can't wait to learn      i've already started, but i really haven't learned much   laugh "
"if i didn't have to go to school to learn math, i would learn so many instruments, and paint masterpieces, and write books that move people "
ugh  i feel like a used toothbrush 
"no     that's not what i meant, but i'm not going to tell you that      you'd ask what i meant, and i'd have to tell you   love "
confusion is my frenemy 
what a terrible week  i feel like it's sinking me into a big pit of depression 
"urgh   stop ignoring me, or i'll hurt you!!"
"heehee  i feel so happy today! thank you, music-which-makes-me-so-happy!"
seinfeld cracks me up!
so many people try to twist god's words around so they fit what they want to believe  the best advice for these people: read the bible and pray  god will give you your answer through these two 
"yay! it stopped storming! isn't it weird how just after it storms, it's like it didn't even rain?"
yay! i'm getting a new phone! which means     i can text soon!  smile 
"i do not want to present my powerpoint tomorrow, but i'm just gonna suck it up and do the best i can "
"help me!!! i can't figure out my math, my head hurts, and i'm <propfemale> tired i could cry    "
"i'm trying to decide how annoying tomorrow is going to be  i'm thinking      10 10?? yep, sounds about right "
"hmhmhm, i don't want another clarinet, but a new mouthpiece would be nice   i am very attached to my clarinet, and i don't think i want to give it up "
awwwww          i didn't get my phone last night  crying  i hope i get it tonight  
"i got my new phone!!!!  smile  finally  cuz the back didn't fit right, so we spent an hour or two convincing the at&t lady that we seriously could not put it on, and we'd already been to the authorized retail store, and they put a new one on that did fit     anyways, i got my new phone!!!!  laugh "
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm                  phone               smile 
i need people to talk to!! text me at 9930672 
i don't want it to stoormmmm again!
hmmm     what's on my minddddd              lots of things 
i hope everyone does well on cats testing  i hope even more though that summer gets here soon   and then ~gulp~ high school   
yay    chorus concert sounded awesome  hope we win in the competition 
"i feel exta depressed, no matter how hard my friends made me laugh today  it's just murphy's law at work "
"i'm so tired of these people who make fun of other peope  what right do they have? the \american freedom of speech\"" has gone too far """
haha  band competition tomorrow  wish us luck!
on my way to bowling green  woohoo 
"have you ever been unsure of how you feel, then you listen to the most beautiful song, and it clears everything up "
"i'm pretty confident about how i feel about you, but if you don't feel that way then neither do i  smile "
i'm sick  and i hate it 
i'm freakin out 
i feel sick  i just need to go home and puke and sleep and take medicine 
band is going to be fun torture 
"what i did this weekend: history makeup  what i didn't do this weekend: algebra makeup  why? because history is fun, and i do not get algebra "
oh my     how do i tell you??
i wish i were braver than i am 
"ahhhhh no life but other people's lives make me happy!!!!! hahaha, you know who you are!"
today sucked until i talked to you   smile 
"i have never read the beginning of a book before and thought it was boring, but when i started this one, i started to space out     "
"i've been reading all day  \to kill a mockingbird\"" is actually a pretty good book so far   """
i'm hanging out with my bestest and only sister!  smile 
band camp is preventing the removal of my braces    
it's been fifteen minutes and i already miss ruckd    
"reading \great e playful ectations\"" and listening to papaw telling off a commentator on the news """
i wish ruckd had a facebook 
no offense      but i kind of hate you   smile 
"guys, we all need to start helping with the oil spill  very few are helping, and animals are dying  it's worse than you think unless you've been studying it "
i seriously can't handle more than 10 pages of this book at a time without craving sleep 
alright  i'm seriously bored out of my mind  when the heck is my clarinet coming back? i'm very annoyed 
i miss you    
i'd rather do pushups than read this book  and i can't even do pushups   
i miss you more than anything else on the planet 
how can people you love be so annoying???
stop taunting me!!!!! i can't take it any more    i need my clarinet back!
"fix it now, bp  the animals are dying!"
"\what are you doing?\"" \""what does it look like i'm doing?\"" \""annoying me \"" \""then why'd you ask?\"""""
i am so bored i could scream  and i still wouldn't be entertained 
i want my clarinet  now  how long does it take to fix it and send it back??
mothers make everything seem better 
"no, i'd still be mad at you if your name was american petroleum  clean it up!"
i've officially gone crazy  and i'm suffering from unbearable vertigo 
i still haven't gotten my clarinet back  it's been 10 days 
"in black and white, everyone's skin is zombie gray "
yes! my parents are coming home   and maybe my clarinet  
"my kitties are grown, my parents brought back stuff, and my clarinet is coming tuesday or wednesday "
"oh, i can't wait to get my clarinet tomorrow  i'm going to practice it forever "
"what goes up, must come down  so when life seems good, don't e playful ect it to last long "
"i probably shouldn't have, but i did anyway!  smile "
the bravest people are the ones who do things they don't want to do and do it without complaining 
is it bad to eat popcorn for breakfast??  smile 
"yes! finally part 3 of \great e playful ectations!\"""""
mini-camp today  i'm a little scared  
band was actually a lot of fun 
"mini-camp again today  please, nerves  don't start again "
eating grapes at band camp  i'm being forced at fork-point 
"ahhh, criminal minds  the best show ever created "
"sure, sometimes i'm annoyed with you  sometimes i'd rather be alone  sometimes you really push my buttons  but life really is no fun without your best friend   smile "
<propmale> la in 45 minutes!
"i only managed to catch 5 hours of sleep, so if i were you, i wouldn't bother me "
"ahahaaaa, <propfemale> gomez is soooo much better than miley <propmale>  at what, you ask? everything "
you know you love your sister when you miss criminal minds to secretly set up her birthday 
"all the things i don't get to do today, all because of my sister's party  woohoo "
finally  no more screaming kids 
? music to my ears      ?
"no, you're going to die  either one of us is going to kill you first and tick the rest of us off, or we're gonna mob murder you "
"csi is sooooo lame compared to criminal minds  they have 10x better technology than the bau, but the bau finds the unsub and doesn't lose them "
"silence is <propfemale>, duct tape is silver "
going to see toy story 3 later      i don't even remember the first two!!  sad 
just realized that the lyrics to songs don't affect how much i like them 
had my cousin over to swim  we swam so long that my eyes are all dry and my hands look like my grandpa's  
new <propmale> la!!!!!!!!! yessss!
i let music lead my life 
???
"dear facebook, i spend waaaay too much time with you "
wishes that clouds could hold people 
band camp tomorrow! hope i don't fail at marching 
going to go buy reeds (hopefully)  and my hair is starting to bug me  maybe a haircut tomorrow?
yesss!!!!! reeds!!  laugh 
band today     band tomorrow 
"though you are painful, you're the most fun i've ever had     band "
"just got my hair cut  it's a little different    i hope it grows on me, lol "
band tomorrow! yay! more fun pain!  smile 
i'd be more depressed if band was less fun   
??o? ?ou? s??q?oz ??? ?luo ?nq 's??? ???l ?d?? plno? no? ?s?? no? ??q ? '??????
"sometimes, people tell me i'm shy and quiet  other people tell me i'm too loud and talk a lot  can someone e playful lain this to me??? o o"
"is very, very, very annoyed "
you're never good at anything until you realize that you could always be better 
"\don't tell me to shh! stupid commercial! nobody was talking to you! you shh!\"" *mutes stupid commercial*"""
is lying in wait for her <propmale> at world domination!!  wink 
oh my gosh  i've been sitting here trying to figure out how to convert mp3s to wmas and all i needed was a blank cd???     i hate technology   
finally! i have won my battle against technology!! -computer starts to smoke-         or not        
"is helping to prepare dinner  papaw's coming over later, and then we're going out to see fireworks   smile  yay for traditions!"
i'm getting my braces off tomorrow!!!!!!!  laugh  yayyyy!!!
yay! braces off today!  smile 
feels depressed and kind of stressed 
feels very ill  i'm just so glad that i didn't puke at band like gabby and <propfemale>  
"band camp today  i'm just going to suffer through the marching, because we get to practice the music today!!!!  laugh ddddd"
wants to be able to read her friends' minds 
feels like hiring a ninja  
"\it must be like a brain cell holocaust in that head of yours  \"""""
needs a hug that isn't virtual 
"wished at 11:11 last night and this morning, and tonight my wish came true "
"so, the marching was so horrible in the heat, and it made me wonder why i was even in band  the answer to that question was found when we played the opener "
something that's difficult isn't hopeless  you are the one without hope 
"can't sleep, feels sick, and has band at 9 am tomorrow   sad "
it's amazing what a little praise from honest people can do for your self-confidence 
don't ever judge someone by age or e playful erience  you'll wind up looking stupid when they're better than you 
"almost burst into tears today  but i didn't, because god gave me awesomely violent and fiercely loyal band friends   smile "
"had the most fun i've had in a long time today with gabby, disco, <propfemale>, and chicago   wink "
has to do her book project tomorrow 
stupid book project 
"thank you, god, for giving me friends who aren't as easily hurt as i am, and for helping me to be strong when people try to tear me down "
"i used to sing to your twisted symphony, the words that had me trapped inside your misery  i am done with your twisted symphony, the words that made me sound like stolen poetry  now i know the reason why i couldn't breathe "
"i don't cry because you hurt me, i cry because i want to hurt you and i can't "
i'm done trying to tolerate you  nobody i've asked has given me that advice  i'm just going to give it right back to you 
"i will always love you, no matter what "
"? tell me what you want to hear\something that were like those years\sick of all the insincere\so i'm gonna give all my secrets away ?"
"is praying that gabby won't kill a certain person tomorrow, and that i won't smile if she does  > smile "
"doesn't want to get up, doesn't want to work for 12 hours, doesn't want to move "
"you can't please everyone, so why try? i'll do what feels right, and you can deal with it "
ginger-vitus   wink  gotta love band 
so     tired       sooo not in the mood for band camp 
band camp  so tired  somebody save me!!!  smile  oh well  8 and 1 2 more hours   
the rubber band method does not work 
save me!! everyone has gone completely crazy!! there must be a gas leak   
"i'm so angry with myself  i messed up the end of the sets and i shouldn't have! 50 pushups and a long, frustrated cry are not enough punishment for this  i'll find a way to get back at myself "
i survived my first band camp!
"this song makes me think of you, that's why i hate this song!!"
the world in my head is so much better than the world outside of it 
?i can't wait to learn saxophone  hope to play it in band for sophomore year ?
i  love  my brass player   laugh 
the best times i have are all spent with you   love 
"i'm incredibly concerned, but there's nothing i could or should do    "
everything about today was weird  i wish i could've stayed asleep 
"?they were sittin, they were sitting on the strawberry swing  and every moment was so precious  they were sittin, they were talkin on the strawberry swing, and everybody was for fighting  i wouldn't want to waste a thing ? -coldplay, strawberry swing"
behind every good woodwind player is a brass player who thinks they're amazing   love 
"?strawberry swing by coldplay\? cold, cold water, bring me 'round, now my feet won't touch the ground  cold, cold water, whatcha say? it's such, it's such a perfect day    ?"
"i'm so ninja, i tripped on grass "
high school schedule is not cool  except for band  band's going to be what keeps me going first semester 
my way of showing that i care is by offering to kill someone for you   laugh 
i wouldn't deprive anyone of finding the happiness you've given me   love 
stop it! i get it already! stop telling me the same thing over and over again! i got it the first time 
"this one time, at band camp    wait, i can't tell you this story if you're a cop "
"inception made me dizzy, but it totally rocked  makes you wonder   "
not stalking  following at a close distance 
"you call it music  i'd rather listen to a garbage truck run over a singing opera singer than your \music\""   playful  stop listening to kids singing about their crushes """
coldplay   smile 
"yes, this is totally how i want to spend my last day of summer: trapped in a gym listening to speeches that are worse than infomercials!"
nooooo! school tomorrow!!! somebody tell me how my summer got so much shorter!
"scared, excited, freaking out! first day of high school! o o"
stupid high school  why are you so large and confusing?  laugh 
"<propmale> pictures   wink  lol  \pictured: chicago and filbert\"""""
"\you're a sock \"" \""        oh     okay     \"""""
so dizzy  lol  chicago thought i'd pass out and hit the asphalt 
fsh  it's not a sunburn  it's just a really red tan 
why can't the school be three days each week?!
"\please stop being stupid \"" \""you might as well the earth to stop being round \"""""
suicidal people are the ones who realized too late that you have to have something to live for that will never go away 
"i find it funny that i'm friends with you on facebook, and yet i'd throw a party if you died "
i wish you hadn't    now it'll just be worse for all of us    it's like afterschool in elementary school all over again!
"i'm really tired  it seems like every day is demanding more and more from me, and i'm nearly all out of energy "
ahhh! no more! i need more time in my day!!!  annoyed 
"awwww  it's my half birthday, our 3 month anniversary, gabby's one month anniversary, and beat up me day   wink  it should've been a national holiday "
"we shall see, skippy  we shall see "
"good day, good day  it's good to know i'm not alone "
"\and i say this with an unblemished record of heterosexuality: that jacket is fabulous \"" -<propfirst> costanza"""
not a very good day  the people i put in my groups had negative effects on everything i did today 
i feel like such a geek   smile 
"i hate it when you plan out how everything's going to be in your head, and then reality is nothing like it "
i hate it when a song like that gets stuck in my head  it's not good musicm but's a really catchy rap song   annoyed  i had to listen to it again  
"\somewhere we went wrong  we were once so strong  our love is like a song; you can't forget it \"""""
"man, i love you "
i feel like i can't do anything right  this is what happens when i lose my confidence   annoyed 
i wish i could please everyone 
i love the all-district music!!
woo! going to our first competition at madisonville today! everyone pray for dchs bop and wish us luck!!!  laugh 
"whooo! dchs bop scored distinguished, scored first in all 5a categories, and won overall!"
"mr  dale-\clarinets!!    i could hear you \"" clarinets-\""yes!!\"""""
i  love  clarinet
"m b, enjoy your  04 win  we'll kill you next week, cuz we're all bringing it this week! > smile "
my new clarinet is here! bahhh! i'm so excited!
homecoming annoyed ame  beating meuhlenburg (however you spell them) at a marching competition=beast 
waaaaay too much crying today 
dchs bop!! <propfemale> <propmale> just got in a one-car wreck and is at the emergency room!! please pray for her!
if people only knew how much impact the smallest negative or positive comment has on my mood and confidence 
"bored with the day off, but it's better than being in school  can't wait for the clarinet sleepover later!  wink "
"at the clarinet sleepover  not getting any sleep, i'm sooo gonna die tomorrow   wink "
can't believe i didn't get to finish my dream  
"sigh  all day practice tomorrow, instead of hosting our own show  epic  failure "
      
"every time i get to sleep, i have nightmares about the entire trombone section attempting to kill me on the field "
"today was a pretty good day, after all "
has decided to spend the rest of her night attempting to capture a clarinet with a pencil and paper 
"-\ \\\l_l\l_l ?clarinet?\l0l ? ? ? ? ? ? ?\l0l\l0l\l0l\l_l\l0l8\l0l\l0l\l0l\l_l\ _\\"
"\ha!\"""""
the dchs bop is heading to foc! keep us in your prayers and wish us luck!
"it feels like all the work was for nothing  no matter how many times he tells us it's not about the score or placement, it still bugs me that we worked so hard just for 6th place "
i'm excited for quarterfinals todayyyyyy!
"i had an amazing day, until i realized that we only have 22 days left in this season and that all my favorite seniors are leaving next year! ahhh!!  sad "
"so, today sucked "
you  are  so  annoying 
"enjoying some relaxing time for another hour, then i'll practice some all-district music until the football game   smile  i really hope the band seniors enjoy senior night!"
"it will always be someone's first competition, and someone's last "
i want to go home  i'm cold and tired of watching little marching bands with voiceovers and tacky neon and i'm still depressed about stupid 10th place and i really want mom to be there when i get back to dchs  
"gosh, there have been about a billion relationship changes on facebook recently!"
"either someone who works at google can kayak across the pacific ocean and e playful ects everyone else to be able to, or someone who works at google is an idiot  just saying "
"dear thursday,\go back to bed  you woke me up too early, and i didn't really want to see you "
"so, facebook just spazzed out and wouldn't let me on facebook chat "
got miked  o o so much pressure    but maybe you'll be able to hear the clarinets now  
boa tomorrow! i'm so excited to play on the same field that phantom regiment has performed on!  smile ))
please keep the daviess county band of pride in your prayers today and wish us luck! bands of <propfemale> today!! i'm so excited nervous excited!  wink 
half hour late  o o
i'm freaking out 
"i've got my fingers crossed and i'm praying, but i'm e playful ecting baaaaaad news "
sigh  i'm worried 
 crying  the season is really over    goodbye lines in the sand  
"i can't sleep, so i'm listening to rascal flatts "
does not feel well 
today was a really good day!  smile 
"well, tomorrow's going to be filled with drama, so i've just got one thing to say; \no drama llamas in band \""  smile  i'm keeping my focus on my music """
"ah, don't be so stupid "
"a true friend may hurt you once, but they'll never hurt you the same way twice "
"half day today, i can get through this  "
"\and why are you wearing a ski mask?! because you're not skiing!\"""""
at the band party watching people fail!
band christmas party=epic win  i got five kinda sorta hugs that meant a lot   smile 
?god blessed the broken road that lead me straight to you?
i  love  crayons 
"\i happen to know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who wants to kill you \"""""
"happy thanksgiving! and happy birthday, mom!"
i'm such a nerd  i'm looking for camp half-blood on google maps   wink 
" sad  i threw up about 45 minutes ago  i wish someone was awake to make me feel better, but i guess i'll have to do with a piece of gum and a stuffed rabbit "
"hey, nobody gets to be a jerk to gabby but me  and <propfemale>  monday=revenge!  > smile \muahahahahaha "
guys should really think a little bit more 
"\you are always free to die!!!!!\"" \""what?!\"" \""     your hair      \"""""
"so, i totally convinced my sister that i was actually in narnia when i walked into the garage and she couldn't find me   wink "
thinking about what i'm going to get my two bestest friends for christmas! *cough* gabby and <propfemale> *cough*  smile 
"what the heck?! my phone was right last night, but the alarm went off this morning an hour early and said it was 5 when it was really 4!!! > sad  not happy about this "
is it really that hard to practice enough that we don't get chewed up and spit out every day?! reallyyyyy!!!!!!!!
annoyed past the point of living 
aww    everyone hates me
wishes certain people would stop being jerks 
"hahaha, i haven't played pokemon in forever, but for some reason i remembered that my favorite was eevee!  smile "
i'm completely losing it 
feels like falling down some stairs and letting a couple of cars run me down  
it's 4 more hours until gabby jones has a birthday!
"so, it's probably too early, but it actually is the date you were born, so happy birthday gabby jones !!"
i'm not sorry that i'd rather see a movie than party  i'm not sorry that my idea of fun is music rather than drugs 
"â€œif we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people to not kill each other?â€� --mother <propfemale>"
fingers crossed that i found him a good present  
"what's on my mind? i miss marching band, and i need $25  that's it  oh, and i have a geometry test tomorrow that i didn't study for "
i got my band jacket today and i'm in love!
making awesome plans for friday! fingers crossed it all goes well!
just thought i'd say i'm really excited to see narnia with my two bestest friends ever!
i so want a buffet  like now 
"went to see narnia with <propfemale> hawkins  and gabby jones       hahaha, \why would you want to go to a college that rhymes with furry?\"" \""why would you want to go to school in a place that rhymes with      pincinnati?!\"""""
there should be a way to post actual written music as your status  
you know you're amazing when you can make me smile   smile 
"daviess county public schools in currently the only school system in the area still in school tomorrow, owensboro is out tomorrow "
hmmm     i did not know that kentucky used to be called transylvania 
not feeling so great 
feeling pretty sick 
maybe it can snow until july 
"mom thinks it's going to be a big storm \dad thinks it's going to be a bust \i think we should have taken the finals today "
" annoyed  lately, everything either disgusts me or makes me sad "
we're out today  brittani-nevah!! i shall prove you wrong!
darn  i thought i was free until someone reminded me we have a stupid pep game today   playful  there goes my friday 
i love you   love 
it's so creepy to look up your name in the little facebook search bar and see all these people who have your name  o o name-stealers!
i have to go to the dentist today  -dies-
"feels sorry for her english teacher  gabby+brittani+me=catastrophic events \ smile       can't wait for english    "
needs to be put in the christmas spirit 
aw naw! somebody lost black ops!!
"remember the true meaning of christmas \have a wonderful christmas, everyone!"
yay! my sister and i got iphones for christmas 
"in new york, the punishment for jumping off a building is death "
"i'll be honest, i get jealous of a really beautiful sounding flutist or sax or oboist, but then i hear some"
"\hey mom!!!\"""""
"with my best friends  haven't slept all night  \hey mom!!!!\""  wink """
"tired  and when i tried to sleep, gabby threw stuff at me, but now gabby and <propfemale> are faaaaast asleep "
 sad 
sigh  gabby jones
"guessing that my future job won't be any kind of advisor, seeing how no one really cares what i say or think  thank you, 99% of the people i talked to today "
"if i could make everything go my way, everyone would be happy and i could stop worrying about them "
yay!!! six minutes to myself after finishing my homework and before going to practice clarinet 
why does everything feel wrong?
"on the bus to all-district, making an attempt to cheer up my friends and tune out mr  <propfirst>'s really loud voice "
eating lunch in a chinese resturant with a black kid looking for mexicans 
"good day for music, i accomplished a lot  bad day for people  i can not deal with people today "
"another freezing day of all-district, but at least it's the last "
had interesting conversations on the bus ride home with <propfirst> shears 
"please, god, let it snow, and send my mouthpiece reeeeeeally fast "
"\swim away!!!!!\"""""
snow is so beautiful 
"practicing  again  it's a good thing i love playing the clarinet, or it would get old   wink "
"\no more <propfemale>! i'm drunk!\"""""
"i'd appreciate a little kindess, please "
"blahh, my new mouthpiece is stuck on the barrel   playful "
"that's cool, don't talk to me  i didn't feel like talking to you either   playful "
everything feels different on sunday 
ahhhhhhhhhgg!!!!! why can't life just be good?!?!?!?
it's quite obvious you don't care 
"what a weird dream  our sun turned into a red giant, so all the band kids traveled south to a truck stop and set up in this weird cabin in a walmart and people stabbed me with knives and markers, and then some guy told me his instrument was a marker "
what a terrible day 
"omg, <propfemale>'s making me a bearshark!!"
up=best movie ever   smile 
"\what do you call a guy who makes jokes about women in the kitchen?\"" \""single \"""""
"dear god, please give me strength  and a marker "
"who the heck is calling me? i am not answering, geez, if you knew me at all you'd know i don't answer phone calls "
definitely got you back   wink 
the bearshark and the <propfirst> spy 
debussy!!!!!  love 
you are stupid   playful 
"the seabear episode of spongebob is on! seabear, the cousin of the bearshark!!"
pms: post marching season   wink 
just woke up  feeling like today's going to be a clarinet day!
"just when you think you're finally in the clear \can't wait until u all get old and realize what u were fighting about was so stupid and so not worth it "
"please, i don't want any more snow days!!!!!"
thank goodness we're going to school tomorrow 
why did u take away my freaking flex friday???????????
"well, today was weird  but i can't wait until friday!!"
"today is arguably the worst day of this month so far  and i've had some pretty bad days  btw, don't bug me about it "
"\ha  ha  hahahaha  hahahaha  hahahahahaha!!\"" -apparently the sound of a trumpet   wink )"""
" love  the annoying orange  \you're an apple \"""""
"hahaha, marching season-when the bearshark comes out of hibernation!!"
 love  on air
friday!!!!!  laugh 
"what a great day   smile  finally, one out of thirty "
"going shopping with my two besties later  haha, we're making mr  <propmale>'s dream of dancing accents come true "
why is everyone here?!
"toy story  feeling like a kid again  \is it hyperactive?\"" \""yeah  and it has astro    turf \"""""
it's good to have best friends 
today sucks 
"i am not a person  i am a canvas, and all who touch me <propfirst> me in permanent ink  some leave just a line, some leave a piece of <propmale>  some are inspired by a terrible muse, others are inspired by the heavens; but all who touch me leave a <propfirst> "
love is caring for someone more than yourself 
so bored 
i so miss marching season!!!!!!
"dear cupid;\stay away from me  your aim is really bad, and i'm tired of falling for the wrong guys "
tgif 
"\you sound like a bunch of french horns and a bassoon  underwater \"""""
not feeling so hot  i'm so lightheaded!
"the sky tonight is beautiful, and it makes me feel so <propfemale> in comparison to our universe "
today is beautiful 
tomorrow: my least favorite day of the year 
love the weather today 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
milllllleeeeeerrrrr!!!!!!!
needs <propfemale> to show her how to make a flute not sound like a dying animal 
today is a very boring day  science-no skimehorn today  english-we go in circles trying to check a stupid paper  global studies-well    it's always boring in there 
"great job, <propfirst>  way to screw things up when you're just trying to make it all better  great job "
"72 degrees in february? sure, why not? better than 20 and snow "
wish i was at home  this week is taking forever 
" love  pick a player  \ahhhhhh!\"""""
haha  i'm excited about tonight   wink 
haha  <propfirst>'s ordering 29 pizzas   wink ))) lol 
"haha, sitting here with my two favorite clarinets faith and gabby!  wink "
"a little shocked by my outgoingness tonight, lol  but i loved that we had sixteen clarinets, six of which were 8th graders, and all three i asked said heck yes to marching band "
"is trying to figure out how to do mr  <propfirst>'s project without screwing up my ipod and my school laptop, but currently not succeeding "
this project sucks  just give me a test!
there is a screaming horse in the lobby and a coughing band director with a fever touching my stand!!
"dear idiots in the hallway,\i realize you have no where to be, but i'd kinda like to get where i'm going "
miller!!!!! stop 
"if you really ever love something, you'll stay with it forever, through good and bad "
8th graders coming to the high school=not taking the science test tomorrow  haha  suckers  bet you wish you were in band now 
watching ice age   wink 
"last night, i had a dream that i was walking through a gate that would kill you unless you held on to a person  i held on to my clarinet  i made it to the other side "
"so, now i have to miss band to go fail a science test "
"wants new chucks (not <propmale>, <propfemale> hawkins) "
new obsession: pop songs in a marching band arrangement 
"i can't wait till saturday! gabby and <propfemale>, i have bubbles!  laugh "
"i hope someday you'll be mine, or rather that i'll be yours "
awesome  not what i meant 
not only do i have bubbles; i have silly string!!
"thank you for the awesome idea, <propfemale>   wink  it'll be like, \why does phfilbert have her hand in her pock-\"" bam! attack of the silly string!"""
"thank you, people i love! i'm having a really awesome birthday!"
i just spent 80 of the 85 dollars i got for my birthday on a pair if awesome converse   smile ))
wonders why people get upset over stupid things  life's too short to be unhappy 
"haha!!! \matt day wears a beret!\"""""
lalalalalaaaa   
"quote of the day: \i think squidward's a better clarinet player than her \"" -chicago"""
toe-may-toe
i love how many times you've come up to me this week and talked to me   smile )
> annoyed 
"monday-bad \tuesday, wednesday-still bad from monday \thursday-awesome \friday-waiting for the week to be over "
"great  the nuclear power plants in japan just e playful loded  now we're all going to get cancer by breathing \   i gotta get me a face mask     "
going to get summer band camp clothes  maybe i can persuade mom to get me a dress   laugh 
bought the most amazingly beautiful dress today and i ordered really fantastic shoes!
"weekends are never long enough \the only good part of waking up and going to a place i hate 5 days a week and suffering inhumane treatment by unfair people is you "
"is a happy kid \let's not ruin it "
can't believe the huge guys with guns scared skime 
i'm not like anyone else i know   smile 
yay! a whole day tomorrow with the people i love!
"on the way home   annoyed  now we have to go to school all day tomorrow, no game, no fun   sad "
i wish you had been on my bus   annoyed  oh well 
it's so beautiful outside 
"i keep thinking more and more about my section for next year \it's gonna suck when the freshman can out play a couple sophomores \just saying "
"that bug that crawled in gabby's laptop through the hole in the case for the charger and disrupted english made my day \and then it came out and <propfemale> spazzed "
"dear ke$ha annoyed brushing your teeth with <propfirst> defeats the purpose of brushing \-your dentist"
at home    enjoying life 
"\<propfemale>'s like <propfirst>  and then we're the colorful genderless unicorns who make her angry \"" - insert <propfemale> glare-"""
i miss warm weather!!! i hate this cold!
"dear friday annoyed you have my permission to murder your evil relatives; monday, tuesday, wednesday, and thursday  please do so as fast as possible "
just reached the point where i gave up on my science homework 
i'm so tired        and all classes suddenly chose to become difficult the other day 
okay  one day  science- can't do much because we can't get ahead of 4th block  english-watching to kill a mockingbird  global studies-watching an inconvenient truth  4th block- movie!  smile 
"finally, a break  i can finally stop stressing about my workload! but i'll miss you until we go back   smile "
just found all three of my middle school year books  i enjoyed looking at the juniors' and sophomores' middle school pictures and at the ones of my friends from last year     oh how we've changed   
"i can finally stop being frustrated because my brother is making me paper cranes     sooooo, that makes up for my failure to do so "
makin' paper cranes   smile 
"some idiot let their freaking rottweiller get away from them and it hurt my cat!!!!\please pray for him    "
come on uk!!!
no!!!!! one point!!!!!!!!!
i need to do something with my friends  i can't spend all week switching between my ipod and going outside alone 
"hello, gray skies  your company (thunder and  lightning) are not welcome here "
"first time i've practiced over the break \sound just like it did 3 days ago:awesome  lol "
"dear marching season annoyed please hurry up  i'm very bored and i'd prefer to sweat, be yelled at, and have no free time "
goodnight (morning)
"i have so little to do that i just got completely ready      and i'm going to be home       all day       \that's just sad "
"beat my entire family at seinfeld monopoly!\\i don't wanna be a pirate!!!\"""""
"i'm exhausted  and <propmale> being there was not a coincidence!\now i have to work on some solo and ensemble  but i think i'll relax for a while first "
"it is so hot in my house! everyone else says it feels good, but i'm dying!"
next week will be busy  and stressful  and it's possible that we'll all snap before it's over  but i can't wait!
"it's so humid  i miss you, nice spring 70 degree weather!"
"life is tough, so loosen up "
i am so tired! i think i'm going to try to get ahead in my science since i won't have a lot of time after school now 
that one moment this morning that no one else noticed played through my head all day   quite distracting  but in a good way   smile 
i'm tired  i can't keep this schedule up 
i feel so much better about those ensembles  two more to tighten up tomorrow 
i'm kicking myself for not saying something when you came over near me  did you want to talk? i can't tell 
i am so stressed! <propfirst> doesn't care about anything i need him to do  ugh!!!!
it's hard to always know who to trust  sometimes you have to trust that people are who you've figured them to be 
the song you just figured out is my easiest warm up 
you are the wind the flutters the wings on my heart more rapidly than the wings of a hummingbird   smile 
i can't get you out of my mind 
please rescue me  school is like death  
hypocrites  at least i admit that i do a lot of the things i hate 
"so, i pretty much didn't sleep last night    "
if love ever comes   
"dear population of the planet annoyed please learn to use correct spelling and grammar \p s  - it's \too much\"""," not \""to much\"" \"f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,"\does your mom <propfemale> your clarinet for you?\"" -mr  <propmale>"""
"dear science annoyed we can't be friends if you keep up this relationship with math "
you made a mistake  you'll see 
"i make more mistakes than the average person  i screw things up on a regular basis  i get things wrong and sometimes i just don't get them at all  but somehow people still like me, (i think), so it's okay "
severe storms-i think kansas and oklahoma back in tornado alley are missing you  maybe you should go back home 
he has risen 
"\kentucky will be facing strong storms all week with high potential for tornadoes \""\",f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,i'm so bored of today  and this week  and this year 
people annoy me so much 
you finally talked to me!  smile  my day was made 
you know what? forget it  i'm done trying to be nice to people who don't care and are rude to me right before pretending they never were 
"the nights like these remind me of those long bus rides home all sweaty and proud after a competition \the days like these remind me that nothing ever happens the same way twice "
"dear sun;\thank you for coming back  you were missed dearly "
i got my phantom shirt today   smile 
"i'm so sick  i spent all last night throwing up and today my throat is even more sore than it was yesterday, and my voice is hoarse, and i have the most painful cough ever \how does someone get this sick in one day?"
i'm sick and staying home today  i can't talk  and breathing makes me cough 
i can't stop coughing   sad 
"i feel horrible  but i can't miss school tomorrow, so i'm just going to put my brave face on, and unless you wanna catch it, i suggest you put a protective mask on  just saying "
i wish i felt well  i'm getting so tired of being sick 
"i'm going back tomorrow  also, i'm going to be carrying a box of tissues around all day "
i'm so excited for tomorrow!
asian!
i'm pretty darn excited 
"\this is all going on my jacket \"" \""so that's why you wanted it  it's an e playful ression   of your ego!\"""""
"i'm going to miss my seniors!  sad \but i really enjoyed the banquet "
"i am so ready for this season to start, but the last thing i want is for the seniors to be gone "
"happy mother's day!  love  you, mommy!"
one more leader to go  too bad i have no idea how to use voicethread  this is going to fail  but whatever 
it's so hot  i gotta get all my hair cut off again  i'm dying 
omg four fire trucks and an ambulance on my street! o o
"english with brittani-\pudding! ah! now you have a ptd \"""""
"i have so much homework  thanks, skime "
"hello, section 3  prepare to be written "
"lol  they're playing \tequila\"" on dancing with the stars """
i just realized that my life is happier now than you ever made it  you're a failure 
today was really great   smile 
"the reason i don't do \truth is\"" is because i don't want to tell some people what the truth is """
i wish i knew a beast violinist and cellist 
"i might not be the best, but i'm having just as much fun being me   smile "
i just want to go home 
"even though you think you know what you're doing, sometimes you're just not thinking enough to realize that everyone knows but you "
you know what? i'm feeling really good   smile 
"you know i'm right, and ignoring your problems doesn't make them go away   playful  you can't ignore me forever, and you can't ignore them forever either "
people should really start thinking about how much they're not thinking 
talking to <propfemale> about what i'd do if i was that little shoulder conscious angel person  my future job   wink 
<propfemale> black chose the backseat  -__-
"at the end of the day, all i really want is to like who i am "
people who care about you will never watch you go down in flames 
you know what? people need to get over themselves 
i hate people who can't do what needs to be done   playful 
i'm ready to give your problem to someone else 
"\it isn't paranoid if they're really watching you \"" lol """
i think i pulled my shoulder out of place 
"i'm surprised, but <propfirst> actually showed concern for me today and said something not idiotic  without knowing what was wrong, he told me the only way to go about fixing a problem is to face it head on "
"dear school laptop;\i hate you  just when i thought i could get over your horribleness, you decide to stop letting me use my webcam "
thanks <propfemale>  now i feel like i need to quit school and fly to africa before this saturday 
everybody has to kick phfilbert when phfilbert just wants to be cared about 
"best moment of the day:  \justin shears gets to go to washington!\"" *navji claps loudly way before anyone else*"""
no  just no 
my parents greeted someone  they weren't sure who it was  i figured out: we don't know him  that e playful lains why it was an awkward conversation 
"tomorrow, at 6 surprise 1 pm, i will laugh "
maybe the world should end  i'm tired of people 
 love 
"okay  australia has already passed the 6 pm may 21st apocalypse, and is 45 minutes away from being may 22  i think we're going to live   wink "
"um, camping's stupidity doesn't make christianity wrong  it makes him an idiot  just saying to all the athiests who think that this disproves christianity "
"you are insane  you're outspoken, brave, and you speak your mind so freely  you're open with how you feel and you're not afraid to do anything you do  that's what i like about you "
i get to play first part   wink  so much better than whole notes or singing 
"learn the difference between \your\"" and \""you're\""   you're making your iq drop \",f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,*mr  <propmale> dancing to cell phone interference*
"it's funny, because there's always that one person you want to throw rocks at, and then there's that one person who you'd throw rocks at anyone for "
last minute studying for this cumulative physics test  i'm going to fail 
i had a flippin' awesome day  won't have another one of these for the rest of the school year 
"have you ever realized something happened a few hours later, and then you're shocked and heartbroken? yeah  >me, right now<"
"apparently, kids can't be entertained with music or reading or television or even video games  nope  apparently fun is being stupid and lying down in weird places like a freaking board and posting pictures for people to laugh at and pretend to care about  yep, we're the generation that's going to cure cancer (not) "
i hope i'm not so easy to read as you are 
tornadoes have been spotted in daviess county in the apollo area 
 annoyed  all i want is to have the most peaceful life possible  i guess i'll have to leave civilization 
i love how confident you are and how you don't care about what happens  i wish i could be that peaceful with myself 
going swimming and then packing for next week   wink 
my pool is freezing  but it's all good because i pushed my brother in twice   wink 
going shopping with my sis and mom  yayyyyyyyyy!
don't you hate it when someone thinks they know everything and they're actually just a big idiot?
"okay, i'm going to do truth is and first impression  and if no one likes it, i'm going to pick random people and pretend like they did like it   playful "
my shoulders and back are sunburned  the rest of me     is still pale  - -
"packing  i swear, if these airport people have problems with my clarinet, i'm going to have anger issues "
that's it  i'm going to throw a chair at you  you are so annoying 
one  more  day 
"conversation between <propfemale> hawkins and me- \\you made your dog lick my pants \"""""
"why would you ever do something that hurts the person who cares about you most?\that's what i want to know "
i had a dream last night where everyone else in band started doing right foot step-offs and no one told me 
i'm a freaking sophomore!!  smile 
i don't understand how people are so blind to other people's feelings 
loves that moment when you're listening to your upcoming marching band show and you get cold chills and your heart skips beats thinking about marching playing this show 
this sucks and is the most boring crap ever  i hate graduation practice 
can i flipping leave now?!
"people will hurt you, people make mistakes, and love doesn't stay forever  clarinets won't leave you, they only make mistakes when you do, and you can always have them by your side "
"going to the airport with my whole family, then leaving for california with mom and sonzai  layover in <propfirst>   smile "
"about to board for a three hour flight to orange county, then a half hour drive to the end of happiness "
i met a 12 year old dude clarinet player from texas and sat next to him on the plane   wink 
i'm in orange county  these mountains are gorgeous 
just woke up  it's 7 surprise 0 here in this beautiful place  hopefully grandma and <propmale> remain civil 
save me 
what sucks is meeting someone cool and knowing you'll never see them ever again 
"yesterday-\i'm tired of disney \""\",f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,"i went to the disney store and bought bullseye from toy story, squirt from nemo, <propmale> from up, a <propfirst> the platypus bag, and a cars playset! gahhhhhhhh i wanna live in that store "
"dear child-who-will-not-leave-my-hair-alone-and-calls-me-jessie-hannah-and-makes-me-brush-rapuzel's-hair annoyed i decided i never want kids "
"i wish people would stop feeling sorry for themselves all the time  i understand every once in a while, you feel bad  i do too  but i get over it  you should too "
i went back to the disney store  - -
i'm having a really bad sugar rush i'm so hyper i decided not to use punctuation!!!!
"when i think of you, i can't sleep  \when i can't sleep, i think of you "
<propmale> is listening to phantom regiment  i'm starting him early   wink 
wish i had some music 
sigh  i miss home and band 
i get to leave when i wake up  nyahahaha!
"i was just forced to walk all the way across chicago's o'hara airport to get to my gate, which is literally the last one here  - -"
"the flight from chicago to evansville was the most beautiful thing i've ever seen  we saw a rainbow above the clouds, <propfemale> shining clouds, a blood red (literally, not a hint of orange) sunset, and a round white <propfemale> glowing against gray skies and gray clouds "
i am home!!!!!  laugh ddddddddddddddd
"i turn the music up, i got my records on \i shut the world outside until the lights come on \maybe the streets alight, maybe the trees are gone,\but i feel my heart start beating to my favorite song "
"dear <propfemale> perry,\nice to know you spent your friday night getting wasted  and that you plan to do it again every friday  you're a wonderful role model "
i just scared the flipping fire out of myself  i forgot i was watching a video in my other window and all of a sudden this horror movie music comes up and i thought the world was ending 
"i had a dream last night that a guy gave me an antique <propfemale> ring, smiled, and pulled me out of a pool  then we got evacuated to mars  whaaaaaaaaaaaat?"
i can't believe we have just one more day really until the season starts  (kinda)
always make sure the lid is on your sweet tea properly before tipping it over to take a drink   
i need more close friends    i never realized how lonely life could get 
"thank you, cat  you opened my curtains for me  and now you're keeping my feet warm "
 annoyed 
band  starts  tomorrow  love hate relationship starts anew 
i love meeting new people   laugh  especially when they're funny 
"hello, nervous feeling i get before morning band stuff  i knew you'd come back "
it's so much fun being a sophomore 
*<propfirst> miller's hat*
"dear rain annoyed please stay until 1 and then be too hot to go outside  i don't feel like throwing up again \love,\rain, this is the day everyone tells you to go away and come again to "
i think i am actually sick 
17 days to learn 3 pieces of music   laugh  better start tonight 
 smile  i love band 
i need to do something  with people  that doesn't involve me running laps or being asked to pant like a dog    
"\people you may know: duwayne dale\"" nooooooooo! *smashes computer with ax*"""
i have like 7 measures left to memorize of the opener  ^-^
\how to be a band director \,f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,"minecraft? oh yeah, that's that really addicting game i can't stop playing  "
"opener=memorized with about 90% correctness \winning "
"my kitten is attacking everything that moves  so, basically, i can't breathe, blink, or live "
"now to wrap a present and to decorate for my sister's birthday party tomorrow  i love how she gets to see kung fu panda 2 with her friends while i stay home and play minecraft  no, seriously, i love that   smile "
my worst flaw: extreme jealousy   annoyed  it's hard to get over 
"it's okay to feel sad sometimes  eventually, you'll feel happy again "
i'm enjoying my new room  even if i haven't painted yet    or have all my things in here 
going to see cars 2 with the family!  laugh  i'm so excited!!
"picking paint tomorrow, then painting my room, then i can finally move stuff in!"
"*that awkward moment when someone comments on a status from a long time ago, and you realize they were on your profile*"
"half of my stuff is in my new room  may i say, this is epic  seriously, my room is awesome "
 annoyed  myeh 
*that awkward moment when no one texts you and no one posts anything on facebook and you wonder if everyone else died and left you alone*
"dear population;\stop feeling sorry for yourself \thanks!"
i need to get a new hobby  i guess it's time to relearn the recorder 
" laugh  wow, today was actually pretty great "
i just cleaned my reeds  don't judge me 
"you are = you're\possession = your\get it flipping right  my iq is dropping reading your incorrect statuses  go back to third grade "
"hey, guess what? i'm almost not paper white!"
"oh gosh  <propfirst> is having a \summer swim\"" for the band kids  it's all fun and games until the band director shows up in a swimsuit  then everyone goes suicidal """
"just keep thinking that, because no one else does "
mom bought me finding nemo paintings   laugh 
"well, tomorrow's my last real day of freedom "
my neighbors are setting off epic fireworks!
practicing the arabesques <propfemale> gave me   smile  i love this piece sooooo much 
"thanks, guys  now every parent who's ever wanted to murder their child has hope that they can get away with it "
"omg, the nervous band feeling is actually not making me want to throw up yet!  laugh  making progress!"
at my lesson about to learn   smile 
wishes she was on vacation   sad 
"can someone please tell me why people say \comment only\"" on statuses like \""truth is\""?"""
"stopped back at my house to get internet for charms, clean the pool, and take care of the cats  while i'm here, might as well jump in the pool after band today  no breaks for the last half hour annoyed iteral blood, sweat, and tears "
"i don't llike creepy movies, i don't like bloody movies, and i do not want to watch \alien\""  but thanks anyway """
got to see <propfemale> and <propfemale> today   laugh 
i can't walk 
"the more you remember, the less you forget   wink "
"\i love him so much!\""\",f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,i was about to change the channel when i saw a clarinet  can't change it now   annoyed 
what is wrong with the world? a jury finds you innocent because there's no evidence you killed your child? don't you think she would have reported it if she was innocent?!
watching batman on amc   wink 
"\why would i want that? what kind of person do you think i am?!\""\",f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,\tell me the first word that comes to your mind when i say something \,f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,is it paranoid if you take a knife with you into the shower and keep your back against walls when you leave?
"sometimes, life doesn't really feel worth the effort "
"people are always getting on my case about how attached i am to my clarinet \get over it "
"*walks outside* \i can't breathe!\"""""
"lightning-*zaps dale*\that's what you get for being such a big target "
crap  nervous again 
please save me  <propfirst> singing and woodwinds doing absolutely nothing  *dies*
"waiting for <propfemale> for my lesson \today was boring until full band  full band was epic   laugh "
playing with full band>playing alone with recording 
i think our show music is beautiful   love 
i don't need to make you believe i'm a good clarinetist  i just need to make myself think i am 
"okay, so i want a microphone this year  i will get it or i will steal yours \thanks   smile "
i wish music rehearsals lasted 12 hours a day  
*that awkward moment when you realize you are actually in a relationship with your clarinet and have taken it to dinner*
"band \it's what we do "
"\we're with mr  <propmale> for the next two weeks \"" \",f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,never play hangman with gabby 
is it my fault you're an idiot? no 
"i want to be in high school forever  after marching band, what will i have?!"
watching amazing clarinet players on an old tv show   laugh 
"monsters, inc  on abc family!!  laugh "
"fact: there have only been 12 disney pixar movies released to date, and only two more announced for the future \bug's life, finding nemo, the incredibles, cars, cars 2, toy story, toy story 2, toy story 3, up, monsters inc , ratatouille, and wall-e are the only ones released  brave and monsters university are set to come out in 2012 and 2013, respectively "
"dear <propfirst> anthony,\good luck trying to go out and party now that you're out of jail  no one wants to party with you, you freaking murderer "
you know what? i give up  i'm just going to stop freaking out about every detail of every single thing i do 
i can't wait until friday!!!!  laugh 
precamp 9-5 starting tomorrow  who's ready to get sunburned?!  laugh 
here we go again 
"dear dale annoyed i don't appreciate having to memorize a new part  maybe you should have worked out how many on a part before you gave the music to us "
*sigh of relief*
"everyday, i wake up wondering why i get up \but i think i've figured it out "
"yay! drill today! and my parents get home! unfortunately, i'm so tired that it's hard to keep my eyes open "
*mr  <propfirst>'s improv visual*
"if anybody wants to pray for me, i could really use it right now "
"mr  clark-\guys are better clarinet players anyway \"" *everyone looks at each other*"""
my feet still hurt 
"so, i pretty much had the worst day ever today "
i feel right now that no one really cares about me  life is so shallow 
"today: i wrote down the wrong yardline, got hit in the face with a guard flag, chipped my mouthpiece, hit my toe on the door, and got sunburned in weird places  \not my day today "
i hate this facebook chat 
band party in 45 minutes!  laugh 
so tired of feeling lonely and exhausted 
the band party was so much fun   smile  so ready for band camp 
i am so annoyed  i would love to smack all the idiots in the world 
who's ready to spend 12 hours per day with me this week?  smile 
exhausted  insanely 
"\those stu-highly intelligent saxes are ahead of us?\"" *under breath* \""that's so stupid \"" -mr  <propmale>   wink """
i sang the whole part of the opener we ran through today while everyone else played because mr  <propmale> was fixing my clarinet 
woke up exhausted and feeling like i've done a trillion crunches 
thank goodness for mr  <propmale> 
dear dentists: please hurry  i need to get back to band 
"today was amazing \and i got my mouthpiece today!!!!  laugh "
wow  that was awkward 
can't stop sneezing   sad 
it feels good to wake up without having to go march in the heat immediately 
"prayers are welcome  my grandma has to decide if she wants surgery to try and save her life  she is having intense bleeding and the doctor don't know what the cause is  it doesn't look like she'll make it, so we're praying she'll go quickly and suffer less "
just discovered apple pie gum  it's amazing 
"mom's leaving tomorrow because it looks like grandma is going to die withing 24 hours  if anyone wants to keep my family in their prayers, i'd appreciate it "
"so, i just woke up and realized i've been dreaming about marching  this e playful lains why i subconsciously remember switching sides very quickly and why all my blankets have been kicked all over the room "
"this schedule is going to kill me \1st trimester-french 1a, english ii language pre ap, probability and statistics, beginning music theory, sophomore band a \2nd trimester-french 1b, algebra ii a pre ap, modern world beginnings, biology a pre ap, sophomore band b \3rd trimester-modern world global stage, biology b pre ap, algebra ii b pre ap, english ii literature pre ap, sophomore band c "
"driving home from evansville, where we dropped mom off at the airport  sigh "
i don't have enough classes with my friends!!!!  sad 
 sad  i miss my mom 
"if facebook ever lets people see who has viewed their profile, i'm in trouble  lol  wink "
i looked up marching band on urbandictionary  the first definition-a cult  hahahahaha 
i just got a paper tree   smile 
"i wish there was more time in my day  it feels like i just woke up and it's already time to get ready to leave for band, and as soon as that's over, it's time to sleep again!"
it's hard to focus with so much on my mind   sad 
"hahahaha, our locker is awkward "
grandma passed today   sad 
dear class of 2015-you were not loud enough today  even *i* was louder than you last year 
feeling pretty bad 
gabby's blowing toilet water 
"can anyone tell me why it is so hard to pray, but easy to swear? why clubs are growing and churches are shrinking? why it is so hard to re-post a christian status, but easy to post gossip? why we can worship a celebrity, but not jesus? gonna ignore this? the lord said, if you deny me in front of your friends, i will deny you in front of my father  re-post if you're not afraid of what your friends will think "
"so, apparently there's going to be a new disney show called \jessie\""  - -"""
i need a break from everything 
"gosh, i love my clarinet  it's always here for me "
i feel horrible  but i just have to keep my head up and trust that god will help me through 
going to walmart for heliuuuuuum  lol 
"wow, i'm tired  and i think i can still hear <propfemale>'s and <propfemale>'s helium laugh "
that awkward moment when someone starts being an idiot on chat so you have to block them 
"unfortunately, no one i talk to cares, as usual "
i can't sleep 
"everyday this summer, my feet were cut and blistered, my face and arms got sunburned, and my muscles became permanently tight and sore  but i know i had a better summer than you people who sat on your couch all summer playing games "
has the worst headache in the history of headaches 
i hate babysitting my idiot brother  anyone wanna rescue me?
tomorrow is national phfilbert awareness day  please be aware of your local phfilbert 
"in 18 hours, you will be sitting in your first class wishing it was still summer "
ready (but not willing) for school   annoyed  at least my last two blocks are music classes 
"you are a superhero  here are the rules annoyed go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side \1st person is your sidekick: <propmale> taylor\2nd person tries to e playful ose your secret: <propfirst> <propmale> bryan\3rd person is your teammate: gabby jones\4th person is your arch nemesis: <propfemale> nichole\5th person is your love interest: <propmale> <propfirst> mueller\lol, i love how they're all band people "
"if you ever feel lonely, throw yourself into something you love and you'll feel better "
that 40 minute speech mr  <propfirst> gave? all true  it really made me want to get everyone on the same <propfemale>  i want to beat muhlenberg and i want to be the best  so do it 
"type your name, type '@' before each letter, and see who comes first  don't cheat!\\j-gabby jones\e-sean <propfirst> howard\s-kaye <propfemale> kuphal\s-sarah warren\i-icyana abner\e-emily rearden"
"when i was 12- \i was in 6th grade-\i wanted to be-a photographer\i loved-reading\my best friends-casey, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and skippy \like this for an age!"
at the doctor because my throat is very swollen 
i enjoyed the silent practice today   smile 
i'm so upset right now  i am honestly considering just not doing this ever again 
i need a hug 
"not everyone can like everyone else  but even if i don't like you, i'll be nice to you until you give me reason not to "
i hate having all this homework!
"guys, i wanna beat muhlenberg \no one steals phantom's opener and gets away with it!"
whoa      i just realized this year's band 7th graders won't be freshmen until i'm a senior   
"i am phfilbert  i am completely clumsy and very often confused  i work slowly and make mistakes that i fix even more slowly  i have the loudest laugh in the world, and quite often i talk so fast that no one can understand me  \and, as i discovered today, i kick my own ankles when i walk "
<propfirst> shears had better give me my hands back or i'm going to kill someone 
i feel bad  even though i shouldn't 
i am so annoyed with a specific person right now that i could ignore them forever  but i won't  i'll just keep being nice 
"epic practice today, guys!\on a side note, i am so sunburned "
what the freak is happening?!
"i really hate manipulative people  like seriously, don't lie about someone for no reason "
"wow, i'm sore "
ew  i have to take the plan test tomorrow and make a 22 to be allowed to leave on flex fridays 
my throat freaking hurts  and i cannot stop sneezing  ah!!
i hate being lonely 
my dad just bought a mustang  - -
"if your boyfriend girlfriend can't make friends with your friends, you shouldn't date them  just saying "
my dad's new car is so epic   smile 
i hate smart music  ugh  why can't i use it?!
just found a book that was in my garage about a rice planter   laugh  score 
i took a bunch of pictures of my clarinet with a <propfemale>  i'm about to post them 
the dang props cut up my legs and gave me blisters on my hands  but thank goodness we had <propfirst> and <propmale> to help us move the prop  it's too heavy for two people 
"if you're going to be stupid on purpose, i'm not going to be nice back  idiot "
everything you do comes back to hit you eventually  it just takes a while sometimes 
"so my heart is broken, what else is new?"
i wish labor day was tomorrow so i could sleep 
saxophone player on tv-\sorry," i can't help you with the groceries  i gotta watch my hands  my hands are my life \""\"f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,i hate people 
"people always hurt me  they let me down  they say hurtful things  they don't really care \my clarinets are always here   love "
have i really been practicing for three hours?!
i need more band and less school 
i  love  the closer 
giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go 
gabby jones needs to either answer her texts or get on facebook because i have important things to discuss with her 
"clarinets who were there today-that was not cool, guys  have some respects when someone is teaching you  you were really rude to <propfemale> and the other people there who were trying to learn  please don't play or talk excessively and at least try to be accurate  i was really embarrassed, and it shouldn't happen again "
finally got into smartmusic!!!  love 
the new angry birds seasons is asian   smile  hahahaha 
<propfemale> hawkins- i  love  you  and just remember that dance whenever you start to get sad   smile 
"haha  this party is cool  <propmale>, <propfirst>, ac, gabby, me, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfemale> are having epic fun "
"that party was the most fun i have had in forever  we're gonna <propfemale> out more, guys "
"so, maybe i should care more, but my heart is light anyway \music is so much better than love "
"if i could, i would so legally marry my clarinet "
"don't ever let look down when your heart is broken  instead, look up towards heaven, because that's where you'll have to let it go to heal "
"in 5 days, and four hours, we will be standing on a field and performing \keep pushing this week, guys  if we don't get a lot of work done this week, we're not gonna do well on saturday \if we keep pushing, we can only get better "
"hugs don't fix things, but they at least make it hurt less "
"just realized she's being ignored      \what did i do now?!"
just had an insane dream about the apocalypse  it was horrible 
just cleaned my drillmasters   smile  they're so shiny 
"you're in kindergarten again  use the first 7 people on your profile \\1  your best friend: <propfirst> miller\2  the kid eating glue: <propfemale> <propfemale> volk\3  the kid who steals your crayons: <propfemale> hutchinson\4  the kid picking their nose: <propfirst> patton (hahahaha)\5  the teacher's pet: <propfemale> <propfemale> kuphal\6  the bully: <propfemale> jones\7  the class clown: <propmale> <propfirst> mueller"
"nice  mr  <propfirst> put the 9-10 audition music on smartmusic, listed it as being due tomorrow, and the tempos are too screwed up to complete the assignment  i set it to a metronome and the little bar that marks where you should be was in the completely wrong place \so, i'm not doing it "
"if i were a song, i'd want to be that song that touches your heart and makes you cry a little every time you hear it "
"in 4 days and 22 hours, we'll be warming up in arc   smile  oh, the memories "
just figured out the career i'm gonna go into: child psychologist  win 
the worst feeling in the world is to watch the person you love fall in love with someone else 
"my back hurts, my shoulder hurts, my arm hurts, my legs hurt  but i do it all for band   smile "
everything hurts less with beautiful music 
i am pretty dang happy 
*the one person that can make you smile when you feel like crying*
"sigh  competition tomorrow  let's have a good practice tomorrow, guys "
laaaaame  turn the stadium lights back on  it's not even storming and now we gotta go home 
i hate everything 
i can't wait for saturday  for more than one reason 
everybody just have a good time!
"so     i can't write my dots down from my schools laptop  i have to use my home laptop, and it's really slow right now "
put some hair on it today   smile 
"on this day, in 2010, my status was: \mr  dale-'clarinets!!    i could hear you ' clarinets-'yes!!'\"""""
"when i was 12 annoyed i wanted to be a: vet\in a relationship with: er      no one?\i was scared of: people\my best friend was: kendall\ i lived in: owensboro\\like my status and i'll give you an age "
sigh  i have too much homework  about to go have an hour long lesson and then i get to go home and do more homework 
"can't wait for people to stop talking about homecoming  like, everyone is posting about it and some people only post about homecoming  i really can't take it anymore "
our first competition (again) is in two days   laugh 
i had the worst day ever today  i'm so angry i could cry and i just want to go home and sleep  but no  of course i have to go back to the stupid freaking homecoming game and then back home to be all alone while everyone else is at homecoming  i hate everything 
the book   wink 
"i had like the most fun i've ever had  did you hear it? it didn't go fshhhh, it went brrrrrrrrrrrrrr!"
we had an awesome show!  laugh 
needs more weekend 
\it is true that many creative people fail to make mature personal relationships," and some are extremely isolated \"" \"f990c1bfeff87d1477147d7cdacd715b,"finally, i have time to practice "
maybe it would be better without me 
had a really off day today  my mind is so far away   
"\did you say clarinet sex?!\"" -mr  <propmale>"""
"so, now i can't go through my newsfeed on my phone and read all the most recent stuff  it's all disorganized and screwy "
i'd appreciate it if you would get out of my mind  thanks 
i just saw <propmale> and <propfirst> working at culver's  o o
"http annoyed  marching kyband com lineups daviessco html\\it doesn't feel right that they're coming     "
i'm standing here in the rain      
you have to go through the rain to get to the rainbow 
"daley-dale  \hahaha, <propfemale>, you crack me up "
so this is what it feels like to go home early  
"if i lose you, there'll be no clear skies  if you walk away, every day it'll rain "
i love how i say i'm gonna do a bunch of homework and i wind up playing my clarinet for hours 
"looking forward to saturday  like, a lot a lot a lot "
