1e1586f10660dd01e7854b334d712728
is really confused on how to do stuff on facebook   its quite complicated actually 
is really starting to like facebook!
loves you!
"thinks that we should be enjoying oreos, milk, and each other's company "
possibly had the worst first day of school of her life  and everyone had a bad day too  it'll hopefully get better!
is so shocked! dj am has passed! the glamourus life kills 
hates that stupid <propmale> heffer!
says good morning to all of those who wake up looking like a hot mess!
wonders what is the point of twitter?
doesn't like the idea of you 
fucking hates you 
well you can just fuck yourself 
"hopes we can survive the blizzard! anferny, stock up! pack leader's orders! and don't bitch about it otherwise "
orders you to suck my <propmale> 
is struggling for a hello <propfemale> or lady gaga costume  help wanted!
"wants to be hello <propfemale> for halloween, but needs some help; anyone that has any hk paraphernalia? i would love to borrow it! pretty please with a big red hk bow on top?"
doesn't have any fucking time for you 
can't wait for her halloween date with her husband!
had the best halloween ever!
thinks today was successful 
don't have time fo' yo' shit 
fml without my phone 
cried in the shower today 
wonders if you'll notice me 
shut your <propmale> hole 
says haaaayy from the phillippines!
never wants to come back to <propfemale> 
wants you to give me 69 reasons to come back to the states 
is coming home on the 31st  my hiatus is over 
is having herself some some champagne 
still doesn't have this shit on lock 
needs more energy drinks! school is killing her slowly!!
"doesn't have her phone anymore thanks to her \failing\"" grades  temporarily unavailable up  epic fml """
is going shopping again  love 
is sleep deprived!
is sad that tumblr is down for maintenance 
can't wait for tomorrow night!
just finished my ap history journal  fml and mlia for
hates ap history  procrastination doesn't work here 
is <propfemale> ready for tomorrow!
had an amazing time last night  thinking of it makes me speechless  smile 
got her phone taken away   again  this is getting quite old 
has constant headaches 
is off to florida tonight and will miss you dearly! text me though smile 
"loves, loves, loves miami! beautiful weather and friendly people "
is so boredddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  super sad face  sad 
"is so bored! please, please, please text me!"
loves it when <propfirst> makes me laugh even when i bite  smile 
somebody call me t~t
is going to key west today!
hates your internal organs  she's not surprised that you have no idea who you are 
wishes you were here 
"knows everyone's stressed about trials! fuck this shit, but we can make it!!"
is eating shredded squid  smile 
fucking hates you and you're oblivious to it all 
is suuuuper stressed out from trials d:<
had a pleasant day today  thank you for making me extra happy babe smile 
has no life 
still has no life 
has the bestest friends in the universe  and a super lame boyfriend to match  smile 
thanks everyone who wished me a wonderful birthday  i love you guys  love 
ran out of tea  this saddens her to a great extent 
had the best 16th birthday that she could ever ask for! thank you for coming you guys  smile 
is tired of your shit  why can't you be good to me anymore?
is so tired of eating ramen and dumplings for dinner! feed me real substantial nourishment d:
likes how her itouch starts to play mgmt when she comes back in to her room  epic much?
had an amazing weekend with her truly amazing boyfriend  love you babe  laugh 
hates stressing out  it makes her gravely ill 
thinks she's the only one that doesn't hate pokemon black white  she's pretty excited regardless of what others say!
wonders if time allows us to stay together forever?
loves texting <propfirst> and aj in the morning 
"needs help, help, help! with the colleges project  anyone know things about thammasat university in thailand, yale, community college american samoa, and devry? greatly appreciated!"
is quite proud of here colleges project 
"says, \mexico rejoice!\"""""
"is in la  tired, sore, and hungry as fuuuuck  good morning everyone!!"
is coming home tonight!
is eating chocolate ice cream to combat against cramps!
"know that no matter what she does, the old you will never come back  so that's it  she's done "
is officially done with finals!
is hella proud of her favorite cousin <propfemale> guillarte and boyfriend <propfirst> gonzales for graduating from middle and high school  i love you two so much!!
doesn't give a fuck about what you do and don't do anymore 
is scared as fuck! two 5 9 earthquakes in socal make her tremble 
is home! she hella missed the bay  love 
really needs an airplane  she could really use a wish right now  annoyed 
"loves how the chlorine in her eyes makes everything that emits light glow with rainbows  trippy, but beautiful in a strange way "
made thai tea boba for her family  smile 
is eating beansprouts and watching tv  she is quite relaxed 
is suffering from heart-wrenching loneliness 
made honeydew dofu (dessert tofu) and thai tea tapioca drinks today  she enjoys cooking asian desserts  any requests?
just prepared the most epic plate of spaghetti  delish  laugh 
could just fucking die right now 
"can't sleep knowing that everything just fucking sucks right now, and will continue to fucking suck for a while  possibly even until she's dead "
"is at starbucks, watching the parade from afar "
loves her hella crazy cousins!
wants a milkshake 
still wants her damn milkshake 
is laying down listening to motion city soundtrack 
had fun playing online games with <propfirst>  laugh 
has been craving for a chocolate milkshake for 8 days so far 
hates stange boys kissing her 
feels like she has sex hair 
had a bad day 
wants a badger 
"corrects herself  she wants a badger, a wombat, and a milkshake"
is dressed for winter in the middle of summer  who else is freezing their ass off?
"is having another sleepless night  she's not suprised about this, due to the consequences of a shitty day "
wants to let the people making tumblrs now that it isn't that hard  just ask someone that has one about how it works  and please don't turn it into myspace 
is offering help to those who are creating new tumblrs  just follow her @ lnbmg tumblr com
is staying up all night to watch movies with her cousins 
"is having thoughts about love, gummy worms, <propmale> potter, <propfirst> baruchel, and finding a new pair of shoes "
wants to go to an aquarium and the zoo 
is gonna go fucking batshit crazy soon 
lives a mundane life 
is dying to see the new resident evil movie!!
"really enjoyed hanging out with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale> at school and enjoyed dinner at sala thai near her house  today can be called a good day "
is having a bowl of bitch flakes 
is slappin' 3oh!3 hella fucking loud 
"wants to go to the passion pit and motion city soundtrack concert, but she's shit poor "
doesn't believe in sleep 
is watching the first pokemon movie on tv! she is so excited!!
knows that shit is gonna be going down with mewtwo and ash!
re-learns life lessons every time she watches the first pokemon movie 
"feels like a housewife with all the bullshit from her dad and brother  for once, she wants to be taken care of "
wonders why <propfemale> lopez doesn't sleep like a normal human being 
"deserves a new box of tissue, a new magazine, a decent book, $50, a thai tea milk tea latte, and a giant chocolate chip cookie "
is with her favorite freshmen and boyfriend  smile 
is scared of <propfirst>'s driving on the freeway!!
is content with her life at the moment 
made spaghetti for lunch 
"came home hoping to spend a listless afternoon on tumblr, but its under maintenance  she is really annoyed "
"is slowly ambling along in the sultry heat, waltzing every so often to the melodies of dashboard confessional  the epitome of summer in one afternoon "
feels so cheesy for tearing up at the end of glee 
is agitated by tumblr's maintenance 
has to sleep alone again tonight 
had a good time with her boyfriend and his family  smile 
"uses pokemon, religious figures, obsessive people, and awkwardness in her english homework  she is very pleased with her eloquence "
is excited for tonight  wink 
has puppy kisses and three year-old boy hugs all over her  its time for a shower 
loves <propmale> year  wink  class of 2012!!
shouldn't have come home 
hopes that everyone going to homecoming tonight has fun!!
is eating dinner in her room alone again  will someone keep her company?
is whiter than a white boy  sad 
"is listening to \sleepykids\"" by passion pit x mgmt on repeat """
is on the couch with her favorite cousin watching tv 
"prays that <propfemale> comes home safely and soon  i may not know you very well, but my hopes and wishes of your well being go out to you wherever you are "
doesn't feel like sleeping tonight 
"is listening to the \streets of gold\"" album by 3oh!3"""
wonders if she's the only one that detests cold and rainy weather?
wonders why sleep eludes her for another night 
is softening her skin with japanese <propfemale> <propfemale> body butter  e playful ect her to smell delicious for the whole day 
is reminding you to wear purple tomorrow in memory of the recent suicides due to gay abuse 
is getting ready for an amazing day 
"loves paul-ding and her tita <propfemale> and tito <propmale>  congratulations and i wish you happiness and prosperity in your lives together, forever love "
is bumpin' and grindn' with her fam and friends  wink 
fuckyeahgiants!!
is spending her rainy sunday in her warm bed reading old books  and listening to <propfemale> + the machine adds on to the appeal 
"will write you a letter that goes like this if you like this status! \\dear_____, you have a cute_____ if we were in a room together, i would_____  you and i should_____  ifyou hugged me, i would_____  you are_____  i'd get your name tattooedon my_____ "
is very excited to spend a musical evening with her love tonight  smile 
had a fantastic day with her fantastic boyfriend and did semi-fantastic at the concert  wink 
made thai tea boba and pancakes for dinner - 3-;;
"thought of samson tong's terrible tagalog and laughed herself silly  she even got him to say, \tinapay ako! pandesal ako!\"""""
"has been staying in bed playing pokémon, watching episodes of souleater, drinking honeydew soy milk, and eating oatmeal "
wonders why the sky is the prettiest as of right now 
simply cries along with the sky 
is lucky to have such wonderful friends in her life  she thanks you all from the bottom of her heart 
is treating herself to a mango popsicle 
had a fantastic day in the city on the french trip  especially her friends  smile 
spent her thanksgiving having dinner with the fam and cuddling and watching movies with her love 
loves how her mum got her a case of mini red <propfemale> cupcakes just because  thank you dae!
is going to bed content and satisfied  wink 
found the chamber of secrets was opened in the band room  she's too afraid to go to the bathroom for fear of petrification from the basilisk's glare 
had so much fun at the concert! she really enjoyed the orchestra and choir performances and band was amazing as always  smile  great job music students!!
made pasta and langunisa may kamatis for dinner  who would like some for tomorrow?
"dgaf all day, errday "
found out that her professeur de francais aime <propfemale> film mean girls aussi! el<propfemale> est tres amusante parce-que her excitedness 
"loves, loves, loves <propfirst> erandio because he just made my day and put the biggest smile on my face love "
"knows that you will never understand the immensity of the fuck she does not, and never will, give dumbass "
"has a perfect life tonight  winter break, be good to her "
feels like she's the only one that's terrified of lightning and thunder 
still loves the pigeon detectives 
is playing scrabble with her hella fob fam 
"just bought 3oh!3's \streets of gold\"" album """
wishes everyone a <propfemale> christmas! she hopes you got what you wanted  smile 
"is so tired, but can't sleep  is anyone still up and willing to skype facetime?"
is enjoying a jumbo siopao  her favorite kind is the one with the blue <propfemale>  smile 
"was uttely shocked to find her father singing along to \birthday sex\"" by jeremih  and he knows most of the lyrics too  oh geez """
is really excited for the first badminton practice of the season!
is gonna have another sleepless night 
is sleeping happily tonight  sunday can't come soon enough!
"is so tired of hearing about grades  really, just shut up  there's more to life than <propfirst> and letters that won't necessarily do you any good in the future "
is having some hella good realtalk and laughs with her favorite cousin  smile 
wishes her kuya a happy 21st birthday! she loves your beer pon-playin' bigass  love 
is at her boyfriend's house singing lame kareoke  smile 
is redbull 
is watching the other guys in band  she loves this class so much!
is playing hide-and-seek and heads up seven up in pre-calculus  smile 
just loves how a 3oh!3 song started playing at 3 surprise 3  smile 
ay hindi tulad ng duwag na sinungaling 
is watching the hercules vs el cerrito varsity basketball game with her faaaaavorite cousin  smile 
"finally got the night she deserved  even through tough times, bad weather, and cockblocking cousins, she will always love her babe love  thank you dear   touchdown!!"
is watching the 2011 nba all-star game with the cousin set 
"is having a night devoted to listening to drake, kid cudi and lil' <propmale> "
"is disappointed at the lack of snow in her day, but is happy that she spent her day with her love in a closet  love "
"wants a tomagatchi, an extra large pizza, and industrial strength super glue "
"is having so much fun baking a mardi gras cake and \whipped cream\"" with <propfirst> erandio  smile """
is so happy to have her lion hair  smile 
has her arctic monkeys tokyo police club passion pit the strokes two door cinema club animal collective playlist on the player  loud 
has two door cinema club on the player 
is excited and anxious!
thinks it's hilarious that <propfirst> gonzales is too lazy to make his own butter  playful 
just beat pokémon shiny gold!!
