75e4f8816e4bb8552713e2564b62400e
had a great time in garmish
"finshed ap physics homework, got it all right, brain hurts"
is glad that we won our first two games in volleyball
is loving this five day weekend
"just got back from watching the movie 2012 with my girlfriend, the movie made me start to think, could this happen?"
"thank god the week is over, it took forever, one more week until winter break  smile "
yes!!! winter break is finally here
"just got home from watching blind side, it was inspirational and eye opening"
<propfemale> christmas!!!
arrived safe in edelweiss
"isn't going on the ski trip, which a lot of his friends is going on  sad "
got all best times in swim today  smile 
is so proud of his girl getting into jmu
snowboarding tomorrow!!!
had a great time snowboarding
has been sick for the past 6 days  sad 
is off to swim champs    go tigersharks!!!
"back from holland, now time to get ready for baseball"
"polar bear swim tomorrow, that water is going to be freezing"
?x?? ?? d?l? u?? ? '?no ?? ?????
don't believe everything you hear    trust in the people that you know
baseball!!!
paintballing!!!
wants his girl to make it home safe and sound  love 
love my girlfriend  love 
baseball!!!
"if your getting videos from me, they aren't from me"
had a great time at prom with my girlfriend <propfemale> <propmale>  love 
"saw iron man 2 with <propfemale> <propmale> , a lot better than the first one"
stupid toy baby kept me up all night  annoyed 
"off to baseball european, but have to take a 20 hour bus ride to get there  annoyed "
"proud of my girl <propfemale> <propmale>, graduating this thursday  love "
 annoyed 
has the best girlfriend in the world  smile   love 
is going to miss his girl <propfemale> <propmale> while im in the states going to a baseball camp and on a cruise
"made it to jacksonville, didn't get in until close to midnight, was super tired"
had some mexican food for lunch and got some shopping in
thanks everyone for the happy birthday post  smile 
is missing his girl  love 
nooooo ghana lost  crying 
taking my driving test today
passed!!!
heading back to naples after three amazing weeks  laugh 
home
has work tomorrow  annoyed  going to be jet lagged
got stung by a wasp after work  sad 
"went to go see <propfemale> <propmale> and her family, had a great time  smile "
"poop in the pool at carney today, thats gross"
"my nose got burned today, i might need to put a big blob of sunscreen on my nose tomorrow  wink  straight up lifeguard mode ahhaha"
enjoying my day off at home  smile 
scii <propfemale> 678
bored    working on psych stuff  annoyed 
best homecoming ever!!!
accepted   
"drove to base and back home today, being able to drive here is goin to make life so much easier"
"<propfemale> christmas!!!, wrote this status with my ipad"
today was great  smile 
feel like crap
today was great
just had an amazing date with the most amazing girlfriend  love 
baseball   enough said
"todays practice went great, saw a lot of talent out there today"
naples baseball 2-0 opening weekend!!!
"naples baseball 4-0, 56 runs total for the weekend"
