08d58a0b6a63aa14235952d941a8be6f
"wow   saturday night was pretty amazing   a weekend i won't soon forget   no pictures people!      i'm trying to recover with motrin, starbucks and some french fries!!   smile "
the perfect ending to a long and crazy weekend is not monday morning!   smile 
ok   i will never take another excel class at work   advanced excel should actually be advanced!!!  what was i thinking   my head feels like its going to e playful lode   
tomorrow is going to be a long day   facilitated team dynamics and conflict resolution   woo hoo!!  alcohol tomorrow night anyone?
drinks until 2am on tuesday night are not recommended if you have to get up for work at 6 smile 0!
a relaxing night tonight   and then some fun tomorrow    i'm glad the work week is over!
"ok, so there was way too much drinking that went on last night!  time for french fries and caffeine   "
it was a long anjd fun weekend   hard to get up for work on monday   but gearing up for <propmale> on thursday!!
"back to work today   meetings, emails, and phone calls all day long   all while being totally exhausted!  it was a great weekend, but nice to sleep in my own bed!!   smile "
ok   catching up at work from being on vacation for only 2 work days should not take this long!!!
working and packing today   then off to baltimore tomorrow for the 4th of july weekend!!  woo hoo!   smile 
back to work after a great 4th of july holiday with mls in baltimore annapolis mt  vernon   have rediscovered what i loved about sailing   now to find a way to get a sailboat   
"ok, this was a difficult day   thankfully the weekend is almost here!!  i think i'm gonna ride tomorrow and then party on the weekend   maybe a movie or sometihing   anyone have suggestions about good drinks!?!?!?! where are all the sailboats?!?!"
"so, someone is cooking me dinner tongiht, and she wanted me to tell everyone that i am a spoiled rotten brat!  the nerve!!   smile   i love you baber!!!"
recovering from a 26 mile ride today   putting some pork steaks on the grill and looking forward to a relaxing evening   
ok   26 <propmale> was great   but now my whole body hurts and i am burned on my arms and neck   ouch   kevin is trying to kill me!!!   lots of work today before heading to mayo and chicago this week   hopefully these 2 trips will be interesting   
"it's gonna be a late night packing   heading to nyc tomorrow - tue, then off to wichita and la   back to stl on 8 14   looking forward to sailing, statue of <propfemale>, broadway, great food and a ton of stuff i'm forgetting!!"
nyc was great!  in wichita today and la tomorrow and friday   back home for the weekend then back out on monday morning to wichita   whew   
a 3 hr layover at lambert is not my idea of fun in stl   la here i come!!
finally made it to la   8 hrs of traveling in one day is a killer   not recommended!
in wichita   survived the rain but almost needed to build an ark   ugh!  heading back to stl tomorrow!!  woo hoo!
in boston   talk about last <propfemale> trips!
heading to <propmale> tomorrow   woo hoo   and then on to sfo!  i'll see everyone on saturday   
in <propmale> for a few days   back to stl on thurs!
in wichita till friday   at leat the weekend was fun!   smile 
not that i don't love it it wichita   cuz i do   but need to find some new restuarants    def looking forward to 2 weeks in sfo!
"home for a week   finally   back out to wichita on monday morning   oh, and <propfirst> simmons is back this halloween!!!   laugh "
"trick or treat?  hmmmm, what would <propfirst> simmons do?"
finally made it to wichita   a broke down plane + 2 hrs of delays = 7 hours of traveling   gotta love it! hopefully the week gets better than it started 
"had a great time last night, but paid for it this morning (well, all day really)!"
"ok   slipping on the ice, not so much fun!  slipping on the ice after a few coctails, even less fun!!"
7 hours of conference calls today   and what's this about snow?!?!  can't wait for hawaii!!   smile 
trting to recover from hawaii and be productive at the same time   not really happening at this point   
getting ready for spin class   time to loose the rest of my flab for the triathalon this summer!!  woo hoo!  smile 
ok   so pinched nerves are no fun   hopefully my left arm doesn't wind up like <propmale> dole's   ugh!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!!   smile 
was a pretty good easter weekend   could not have asked for a more beautiful day   taking tomorrow off - time to figure out this back situation (boo to herniated disks and surgery!!!  sad 
life just happens sometimes   there's no telling where it's gonna take you!  bring it on!   smile 
"working from my \home office\"" today   i cannot believe how nice it is outside   working from starbucks patio rules!"""
not the news i wanted today about my back   one step at a time u guess    some coctails may be in order this weekend 
12 cities in 8 days   i am so ready to come home!!
home for 20 hours   back out tomorrow   i now seriously need a vacation   drinks this weekend!!  woo hoo   smile 
back home for a few days   time to unwind and have some fun before heading back out on monday   
now that was a long (but productive) day in wichita!  one more then i get to come home   woo hoo
now that was a long (but productive) day in wichita!  one more then i get to come home   woo hoo
ok   i love the ipad 3g!!   smile 
"off to kansas tomorrow for a short trip, then no traveling for a few weeks   yes!!! will be nice to not have to live out of a suitcase for a while "
"there's something to be said about doing a thing that's never been done before   online care is finally here, we are the first care delivery system to do it, and in time it will change the way everyone consumes healthcare!"
well it looks like i'm heading to <propmale> to spend time with my mom for mother's day!!   smile 
"somebody i know just got published   again!!!  congratulations <propfirst>, very proud of you!!!"
off to orlando   time to break out the swim trunks and suntan lotion!!
people in the eticket line should actually know how to use an eticket   
"ok, i really need to stay away from the lacoste store   i am totally addicted and the outlet in <propmale> emptied my wallet   i love that little crocodile!!  \\i'm gonna cry now cuz i'm broke, but at least i'll look good doing it!!   smile "
happy mother's day too all the moms out there!   smile 
"heading home after a great mother's day weekend in florida   time to get back to work   \\oh, and someone just became a professor at washington university   congratulations <propfemale> - so very proud of you!!!   smile "
"just because you take a few days of vacation doesn't mean the work stops   i can't believe how many emails i have to go through!  \\on a brighter note, it's time to start packing!!!  condo is virtually done   woo hoo!!!   smile "
there's something that's just plain wrong about doing work on a vacation day!  no mas!!
running errands all day   hair cut   then packing   ugh!!
packing the entire weekend sucks   i am never gonna move again!!
"well, it's goodbye jeep commander, hello prius   looks like i'm a hybrid driver   oh to be \green\""!!!   smile """
my walk-through is tomorrow   keeping my fingers crossed that there's nothing big that will need fixed   scheduled to take possession and move in on friday!   finally!!!   smile 
oh man is it hot in vegas!!!
in wichita for the week   talk about f u n   ugh
"back from annapolis   looking forward the holiday weekend!  wow, just realized i haven't posted in weeks   "
"sitting on the deck enjoying a bottle   err glass   of vino  nice to be home for a change! \\oh, and all of those pictures are totally \taken\"" out of context!!  there is a perfectly rational e playful lanation for each and every one      smile """
working from starbucks this afternoon   and loving it!
"someone i know just got an interview for pgy1 residency at johns hopkins!!!    smile  \it doesn't get much better than that   "
a week of traveling ahead   stl to dfw to ict on mon  ict to ord to yyz (toronto) on wed  yyz to ord to buf on thurs  buf to ord to stl on fri   ugh!!!!
"ok, well it looks like survey #7 on my right knee is happening on feb 11th   ugh  i think i need a night out before this goes down   "
hey guys   thank you for the birthday wishes!!!  do any of you know the secret to making these gray hairs stop!?!?   smile 
