755997702d4f6d7a43418b87af205b3b
depressed  off to watch saw ii   sad 
is really happy! i feel so fresh and clean  smile 
"i found my ipod thanks to my little brother! it was in the backyard for almost week! and it survived! hurray! it was covered in grossness, but it washed off! so happy  smile "
happy 4th!
love going through the suggestions box and it finally collapses  it makes me feel like a winner     am i the only one?
wants popcorn
wants chinese food 
my dogs are so sweet  no matter how much they ignore me    they are always there to make me laugh  smile  lol    i'm so tired
goodnight world   
is very happy
it totally feels like thursday    needs friday to come faster 
going to bed at a reasonable time    (for once!)
happy halloween    umm    belated?     yes  sad 
more homework  crying 
productive day homework-wise  everything else    not so much 
"uber neato! facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works!"
it feels like sunday night monday morning  why am i staying up?
i had a dream    and i had coffee    and i'm in a great mood 
"it has been a great day  tomorrow on the other hand isn't looking to be so amazing, but i will make the best of it "
<propfemale> christmas!
we did it!!!!!
zoi is a stalker  smile 
great week considering  tuesday and friday were the best 
mondays = blehhhhhhh!
meh
it's a two!
i'm at wal mart with the band during the school day    nothing to worry about here   
"btw, we earned ones in concert and sight reading (for <propfirst>)"
today is gonna be a fantastic day 
oh my gosh    band trip
wrking on descrips for geo proj  playful 
just found out there is another <propfirst> nicknamed smiley in middle school  identity stolen?
missing glee  great    now i have to wait 'til tomorrow to watch it on hulu   
bandquet!
no more school!!!
processional pomp ftw 
run club and apple's wwdc today  imogen heap!!! tomorrow! #ihhouston #wwdc
omg  have you ever had <propmale> mar    ? it is the most perfect tex-mex dish    bacon wrapped shrimp with a pepper inside   fajitas  yum!
happy father's day!
not feeling so well  sad  bleh 
have you got it in you?
cutting out some oh no! glasses  they are pretty outrageous 
electric spoofaloo is so cool  they did a la roux spoof! and ke$ha    and gaga!
a song for <propfemale> (a recording) is on itunes! yussss!
finally got a lanyard for band! not proud of this fact 
i love how poker face never gets old  thank you @ladygaga 
oh my gosh sharpie pens!
had a dream i was in theatre and singing  i kinda want to do it now     seems fun
"hense, lopez, <propmale>, marthur, thompson,  <propfirst>, wenger"
is a sophomore 
so not satisfied with the end of rehearsal  } annoyed 
ready for friday! but    tomorrow's thursday 
my brother just ate all the tasty (and very unhealthy) wonka chocolate that was left in the bag  anger!!!!
i want to do homework on the roof 
thinks <propfemale> is ammmaaazzzziiiiinnnng!
my once dead ipod has come back to life  <propmale> the zombie ipod touch!
that flugelhorn solo is just asking to be minor 
not much beats a pb&j with a glass of milk
whooo! quick contest and three day weekend  what more can you ask?
wow congrats hawk band 
i miss the purple cow 
just had a nutella sandwich  it's like a chocolate sandwich!!!!!!!!!
"hold your breath, make a wish, count to three  come with me   "
electron models are so racist    and they are not toys!
camping   love 
thinks that there is no way it is only 7 smile 0 
¿de donde <propfemale> valve oil???
is having some terrible anxiety   sad (
sitting in an office chair hurts after sitting on a ball for so long   
there is nothing like sleeping in after a long week 
"cat would not get out of chair, i push chair out of room   \cat 0 \<propfirst> 1"
is going to study until the end of time for the world history exam tomorrow 
whooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!! school is ovar  for a couple weeks  laugh 
ions in chemistry are like sharps and flats in music   laugh 
i think <propfemale> just contacted me through onstar in the car  i couldn't understand him though  must've been a bad connection 
<propfemale> christmas! have a wonderful day everybody 
i finally beat <propfemale> <propfirst> at chopsticks!
lions and tigers and bears and cars! oh my!
just rode a horse named <propfemale>  it was fun!
we did it! we won our national championship!
that was one cold parade! but we made it 
"it's kind of crazy that 24 hours ago, i was at the grand canyon "
once you know the notes to sing you can sing most anything!
i was on the news!
"just went on a super spy mission locating my own missing phone  i ended up at my bus driver's house  (also thanks apple for creating \find my iphone\"")"""
just got a legit piggy bank!  laugh  and it's orange  one of my favourite colours 
think it would be so cool to play imogen heap's little bird on the marimba or something  the melodic stuff is so neat  (check the instrumental version too)  makes me think of solo and ensemble (that could be a bad thing)   smile  < nonsense>
*stays up late practicing scales on piano* shhh don't tell anyone 
had an amazing day! thanks to everybody who made it extra great!  laugh d
piano tuning is headache inducing 
i wish the world history ap book had tons of obnoxious cussing in it 
just got some teeth pulled  now my nose is asleep 
