663bc0418b59d033fcbc6cb3f860a528
"work is busy today , can't wait till its 420 and ps3 madden time !"
work is def  not as fun as wallyball ! : (
<propmale> jones - my my my   so good 
"work , work , work , work and more work   where's the fun at !?"
last night was crazy fun !!
won our division today in bocce ball at work !!
i need wallyball !
"hell ya , its friday !!"
almost got tased this morning by a retard cop for no reason   f#@! the police 
"if i was not at work i'd have some big booty shakin on me right now , work sux !"
cant wait to get out of work so i can rest !  been up too much and working too much the last two weeks 
goin out tonight and havin some fun !! anyone want to see gucci mane with me next wed ?
dernard robinson is looking good mane !! go blue !!
"great bbq , great friends , great times  thank you guys for makin' this a great weekend!"
"workin hard like usual and wondering what's the point ?  i know a couple that are both on unemployment with two kids , have a nice house , newer cars , and just bought two harleys  meanwhile i have to struggle when i have none of those ! wtf is wrong with this world!"
go blue !!
bioshock 2 is so good on my ps3 
catholic natural family planning class was a joke!  so hipocritical !  why do we have to take marraige prep classes! ghaaaaaaaa!!!!!
"sick of seeing confederate flags on jacked up dodge rams with ignorant hillbilly's driving   i hate the people that live in howell !!  and its also amazing that all they drive is trucks, but only dodge rams !  they dont even have good taste in trucks ! ( ford or chevy obviously )   my yamaha can out-tow a ram !"
"can't stand the big deal with world of warcraft and people tellin me about it , it sucks  its a videogame version of d&d  a sure way to never gettin laid and becoming a future pedafile  is playin either of those or , in most cases , both  dorks "
after work its young jeezy and borderlands  can't wait !
playstation move is cool  can't wait to try it on re:5 
can't wait to get off of work today cause i'm off tomorrow!
"i'm so excited , my bachlor party is next saturday at the ufc event at the palace !!  hell ya !!!!!!"
"been listening to some wiz khalifa while getting ready for work , do your ears a favor and check him out \black and yellow\"" is really good """
"also , getting so excited for saturday  can't believe that my bachelor party is gonna be at the ufc event , soooooooooo friggin sweet!"
i hope rampage knocks out machida and bj penn ends hughe's career 
"i see nba2k11 , relaxation, wiz khalifa , purple  , the office, and my awesome fiance' in my near future !!  couldn't be happier !!"
what a fun drive in   sideways all the way in   awesome that they dont even get to the highways when your comin' into work at 430am 
salt the friggin' roads !!
feels awesome to legally own someone lol 
on the way to chicago for the honeymoon ! o ya 
"haha , you have 3 first names now like me babe ! plus , why are we facebooking each other while we're sitting right next to each other  i feel like i'm <propfirst> lol "
"now that i'm married i feel old , cause old people get married right ? lol "
"about to see some hot lesbians in black swan , o ya , so awesome "
burrrrrr ! its gucci !!
god i hate <propmale> roethlesberger !  i wish i could drop kick him on the side of his knee  what a doosh in real life   go packers!!!!
"i hate people that ice fish  doesn't make any sense to me  \let's go stand on ice and if we fall in we're dead\""   fish in the summer !!!!!!!"""
work needs to be over already !
looking forward to seeing lil <propmale> live in april  can't wait to get the tickets this month !
dead space 2 is amazin !
trimmin' my fb friend list today  wondering why did i friend some people that i could never stand ? lol 
"tired today  probably because my crazy stalker x called twice last night at 245am  i don't get it , its been over 5 years , get over it !! f#*@ !!"
"just picked up kilzone 3 , but can't play it till tomorrow , damn !!"
