3cf9c02d958b968b5d0f32b9761a9e63
people who make plans with me and then never text back just make my day   annoyed 
who wants to talk to me till 2011?  smile 
message me if you want to stay in my life in 2011!  laugh 
who wants to take me to broadway tomorrow??
i think someone should talk to me  laugh 
my mom stole my phone  sad 
i really need a hug  sad 
who wants to do something with me today??
coming down with strep throat  annoyed 
my phone hates me  sad 
someone should text me
bored outta my mind  annoyed  someone talk to me
"be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle   ~plato"
i've had a crappy day  annoyed 
someone better give me a hug tomorrow
my phones being retarted  annoyed 
"everytime i think about it, i hate myself a little more"
just keep smiling  smile 
i hate the fact that i'll probably never get a second <propmale>
amazing day  laugh 
"my plans for today got canceled, so who want to <propfemale> with me??"
 sad 
wish i had someone to give me a hug  sad 
shitty fucking day 
and now i feel truly stupid 
who wants to help me find a job??
i wanna learn piano  laugh 
booooorrrrrrreeeeddddddd
i wanna <propfemale> with a hot single guy today  laugh 
don't use me as an excuse for you own fucking stupidity 
i love <propfemale>  laugh 
tired  annoyed 
i want $20!!
who wants to <propfemale> with me today??
bored as hell  annoyed 
somebody fucking text me pleeeeeeease
"can't wait for tomorrow, it's gonna be waaaay better then today has been  smile "
e playful ectations only lead to disappointment  annoyed 
i wish i had an xbox  annoyed 
got my phone taken  sad  don't know when i'm getting it back
"sooo, today sucks  annoyed "
i was looking forward to today  i don't remember why anymore thou   annoyed 
i hate the word bye  sad 
boooorrrrrreeedd
"if nothing happens today, i'm gonna be pissed "
wishing this guy would wake up and text me
"can't use my phone tomorrow cause it's \time for family\""  so if you want to talk to me talk to me tonight"""
happy thanksgiving i guess
wish i had something to do today
i don't want this shit to happen  sad 
i need new music to listen to  any suggestions?
"alright, i'm really bored, sooooo, \like my status and i'll message you my honest opinion of you  smile "
really sleepyyy  annoyed 
bored  sad 
"it's sunday, and i have nothing to do  annoyed "
someone should definitely talk to me  smile 
i think it should snow  smile 
i need out of my house before i kill someone  who wants to come pick me up?
i don't remember what i was supposed to do today  annoyed 
i think someon i haven't talked to in awhile should im me  smile 
"i'm bored as crapppp, so inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  laugh "
first day of break and i'm sick  sad 
vomiting  is  the  worst  shit  ever 
i hate christmas movies  annoyed 
i think someone should call or text me  smile 
so my break officialy blows  annoyed 
why are the <propmale> brothers still around?
"so, i kinda want to do a charcoal drawing but i don't know of what  any suggestions?"
fuckkkkk  i'm not happy 
"so, i'm not the first one to say <propfemale> christmas, soooo i'll be the first to say it in <propmale>, frohe weihnachten!  smile "
<propfemale> fucking christmas  my phone got shut off 
"so my parents were mean and lied to me  i got a new phone  laugh \so hit me up with your <propfirst>!  smile  843-222-1393"
i still don't have everyones <propfirst>
bored  talk to me?
bored and have nothing to do today
i need someone to help me forget the past 
my sister is making me listen to <propfemale> spears d:
can't wait for 2010 to be over and done with 
"soooo, fuck tomorrow "
have nothing to do today  who wants to <propfemale> out?
i need a fucking hug
