d74b50b0acb31293b9297c6d04fa5fa6
"i love the family insight program!  it is cool, and addicting  nite!"
every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  you can't choose family but you can choose friends!
i find myself in an interesting pickle    my first hometown college kansas state and my current hometown college byu - playing each other in ncaa bb tournament   who to root for??? it is indeed a puzzlement  go cats! widcats and cougars!
"i just read the remarkable soul of a woman by dieter f uchtdorf  i highly recommend it!  if you are feeling burdened, sad or tired    it helps  i treasure the book, it was given to me today by a dear and cherished friend   thank you!!"
"i am the beneficiary of an excellent and productive saturday!  so rare, so marvelous  got the to do's knacked by noon, so i can indulge in some guilt free me time  wow   what a concept  <propfirst> fogelberg on the cd   laundry processing, and i get to chill and multi-task at the same time  the small joys of life are good today  how about you?"
thank you so much for all the birthday wishes  i appreciate the thought and time you took to remember me  i hope your day is wonderful too!
"i wanted to e playful ress to all my friends and colleagues at creating keepsakes, ckm, ccg, and whatever else it may have been called, a sincere thank you  it has been a joy to know you all, and has been a great 10 5 years of growth and changes "
"my position at ccg was discontinued today and i am sad to lose the daily\ contact i enjoyed with so many friends, both at the bluffdale office \and other offices too  so, please keep iin touch   and if you hear of a \lovely employer that would need a wonderful new employee   let me know!"
"i have an interview on friday! i am trying to remain calm and keep my arms and legs inside the car   for my own safety  but it is hard to do whilst doing the \happy dance\""!   smile """
"thank you all for your lovely thoughts and prayers  the company i interviewed with last week   chose another person to be their latest \newbie\""  *sigh* so   it is back to the grind   if you know of any wonderful employers that need a great new employee   please let me know!"""
this has been an amazing week thus far    i have had 4 phone interview screenings with 4 separate potential employers and i had one interview today and another scheduled for thursday   and it is only tuesday! very cool! february is good for me so far!  smile 
"i landed on my trash and the front of the dumpster stopped my forward momentum, with my forehead  ouch  i have a cut on my forehead from hairline to brow on the right side  it is only a little deep at the top for an inch or so, then goes into a scratch by the time it reached my eyebrow  my face is doing it's technicolor healing best "
the  fascinating  and blessed part of this is   the lord has just overwhelmed me with blessings since i had the fall  i am amazed and extraordinarily grateful for everyone who has rendered assistance and taken care of me  thank you all so very much 
"well here it is    ta-daaa!!!  i begin my new job on monday! i am so grateful for all your thoughts, prayers and support on my behalf  thank you very much!!  it is just really sinking in   i am employed! yes!!"
