fdd29df11d3af38a69a5506f056aed37
"what else are you going to do  i undersand    there is another scholarship too thats being offered  it was sent on our e-mails at work, and it also invoves an essay-so maybe we can check on that??"
feel ya    doin the same  but at the table
what is going on everyone???
i despise essays!!!
what a wonderful saturday   stinkin' water heater went out 
"attention !!!!!!!!!! do not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\""  this is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos! please copy & paste this to your status before people start using your picture  please all parents   be   aware!!! copy and paste this so all your friends see it!!! (better safe than sorry)"""
"so,so happy it is friday!!"
"whoo hooo! no going to school or work today!!! off, off, off   going to work in my garden today!"
"urgent!!! please circulate to everyone  do not open any message with an attachment called: black in the white house, regardless of who sent it to you  it is a virus that opens an olympics torch that burns the whole hard disk c of your computer  do not open, and shut down your machine immediately  it is the worst virus announced by cnn  there is no repair yet for this kind of virus "
tgif!!!!
"whoo hoo, three day weekend!!! then back to school and work  sad "
get so frustrated at fb sad  anyone else having a problem getting into farmville?
"for all who are having an issue getting into fv, it is because we have placed the wedding tent  i looked on a fv website  they are trying to get it fixed asap  hope soon!! thought you would all like to know!!"
"whohoo, got my reef shark!!"
   i have such great neighbors in fv!! smile  <propmale>
off to school and work! everyone have a great day smile 
"so i don't seem rude to all new mafia friends, fb is having their usual glitches   i lost you when trying to receive your requests for neighbors  so if you would like    plz resend & i'll try again tomorrow smile "
"good night all! time to hit the sack, another dose of my daily life come <propfemale>!"
"so relieved it is friday! wiped out, drinking a beer to relax!!!"
   listening to jodeci
*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??put ? this ? on ? your ?status ?if ? you ? have ? the ?best? ? mafia family ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•? my mafia family rocks !!!!'    ?¸¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸¸?
come on celtics!!!!!
sorry everyone   will never look at a posted link again!!!!
"if yellow roses grow in heaven, lord pick a bunch for me  place them in my dad's arms & tell him they're from me  tell him that i love & miss him, & when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while  because remembering him is easy, i do it everyday! there's an ache within my heart that will never ever go away     if ur dad's in heaven copy & paste *i love you dad*"
happy father's day to all you wonderful fathers smile 
"well off to class, then work  hope evryone has a wonderful monday wink "
"so irritating, one of my mafia family members declared war today on me! second time this month  dont understand why others would do that, i would never!he is off my list sad "
how sad   the weekend is almost over sad  they never seem to last long 
so grateful that it is friday   exhausted!
"(¯`*• ¸it's daughter week!¸ •*´¯) if\you have a daughter(or two) who makes your life interesting and fun, who has\been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being\around - copy and paste this to your status ? your daughter(s) will outgrow your lap, but    never your heart   ?"
i hope that everyone has a safe and fun fourth of july smile 
so happy it is friday smile 
to bad it is monday sad 
"what's on your mind?a daughter will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold\your heart for a lifetime   it's \daughter week\"" - if you have a\",fdd29df11d3af38a69a5506f056aed37,"your phone number is now on facebook!! no joke! go to the top right of your screen, click account then edit friends  go to left side of the screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone #'s are now being published  please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their          #'s   by changi   ng their privacy settings  (privacy settings- customize -phone - customize - only me)"
incredibly happy that monday is over smile 
now on to thursday! hopefully only one day left in this semester!
whoo hooo!! i am finally done with this semester laugh 
"if you have a man that works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, that makes you laugh, that's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every night, post this as your status to give the good men out there the   recognition that they deserve, because great men are few and far between & i have one!"
off to start my tuesday   hope everyone has a wonderful day smile 
there is nothing better than saturday smile  thinking about going to st <propfirst>'s festival later!
today is my beautiful oldest daughter's 12th birthday! where did the time fly? happy birthday sateva! smile ))))
what a tuesday!!!!
"not only did my baby turn the big '12' last week, today she starts her first day of <propmale> high! i am so proud of her   yet i am also freaking out annoyed "
so happy today is over!!!!
so happy it is finally football season!!! go broncos!!!!!!!!
husband is at the emergency room with the oldest sad  she feel out of a tree and it is looking like a broken collar bone! i am so freaking out with worry! they have been there two and a half hours already and have yet to c a doc!!
tomorrow   a new semester!!
"happy people may not have the best, but they are happy with what they have "
remember noone makes it alone  have a grateful heart and acknowledge those who have supported you 
"make a stranger know they are not invisible with a smile, and you might just change a world!!"
"when you were born you cried and the world rejoiced  live your life in such a way that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice  cherokee proverb "
so happy to be home! love my bed!!!!
"due to recent cutbacks, the light at the end of the tunnel will only be on for five minutes a day and the silver lining has been smelted and pawned "
"guess who? i will find u , take u to bed & have my way with u  u will moan , groan and even beg me to stop  i'll exhaust u & leave all worn out  it's me the flu"
to let down the ones you love is painful   to let down yourself is unforgivable 
"love is alot like a butterfly   when you <propmale> it, it eludes you  but when you are patient it will land on your shoulder e playful ectedly "
come on broncos! lets beat the jets!!
if you are not moving forward you are wasting time   and if you are wasting time you might miss the best opportunity of your life 
waht a stinky day already sad 
"if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly  i love you dad "
"we could all take a lesson from crayons; some are sharp, some are beautiful, some have weird names  all different but live together in the same box"
"the greatest <propfemale> in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall >nelson mandela<"
it is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness- confucius 
whoo hoooo!!my broncos are on the ball today smile 
hope everyone has a great thursday!
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment  <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>
beer!!!!!
"to all my wonderful family and friends-one of the things i am most thankful for, is having you all in my life! have a fabulous thanksgiving day, love you, and be safe smile "
"you come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly sam keen"
"\the fire you kindle for your enemy often burns you more than him\""- chinese proverb"""
thank goodness only week left in this semester!!!!!
"pass\this on     change your profile picture to a cartoon character from \your childhood  until monday, december 6th  by monday you shouldn't see a\single human face on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories  \this is a campaign to heighten awareness of violence against children 31 minutes ago · unlikelike · comment"
"love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear-john lennon"
whoooo hooo! just finished my last final for the semester smile 
"what lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you-ralph <propmale> <propmale>"
"christmas gift suggestions: to your enemy, forgiveness  to an opponent, tolerance  to a friend, your heart  to a customer, service  to all, <propfemale>  to every child, a good example  to yourself, respect- <propmale> <propmale>"
there are some people who want to throw their arms round you simply because it is christmas; there are other people who want to strangle you simply because it is christmas-robert lynd
tebow!tebow!!tebow!!!!!!
he who has not christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree- <propfirst> l  smith
"this is the month, and this the happy morn, wherein the son of heaven's eternal <propmale>, of wedded maid and virgin mother born, our great redemption from above did bring -john milton\<propfemale> christmas to all my family and friends! xo"
what a game!!! yeahhhh broncos!!!!
"to all my mafia members\\calling a cease fire on robbing the christmas trees!!! let's give them a new year's present!!!\   pass this onto all of your mafias and ask them to pass it on to their mafias     do not <propmale> christmas trees     this    way    we can guarantee that everybody completes their christmas tree mission    "
"promise to my kids: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound    because i love you! when you understand that, i will know you are a responsible adult  you will never find someone who loves you, cares about you, and worries about you more than your mom! copy & paste if you are a mom"
all i can say is     thank goodness for great friends smile 
what an upset!!! can not believe the saints are out already sad 
lets go ravens and philly!!!!!
stinks that there is only a two hour delay! why not just cancel school???
so grateful it is friday and that it is the last day of registration smile 
whoohoo! this week is so over!!!!!
we must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-martin <propmale> <propmale> jr
nothing like the first day of a semester smile  hope everyone has a fabulous day!
always do what you are afraid to do-ralph <propmale> <propmale>
"the mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be ignited- plutarch"
"copy & paste this if your dad is in heaven: if roses grow in heaven, lord, then pick a bunch for me  place them in my dad's arms and tell him they're from me  tell him that i love and miss him, and when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while  i miss you, dad, with all my heart ?"
darkness can not drive out darkness; only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that-martin <propmale> <propmale> jr
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support  i copied and pasted, will you?"
whooohooo!!!school is cancelled for me too tomorrow!!!!!
"i believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this"
beer all day;0
"i'm asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it"
you cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should do for themselves-abraham <propmale>
"we must become the change we want to see- \mahatma gandhi"
"the longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us- voltaire"
wise men talk because they have something to say; fools talk because they have to say something- plato
keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow-helen keller
"the world is too much with us; late and soon, getting and spending, we lay waste our powers: little we see in nature that is ours-william wordsworth"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30 lbs  the boy you called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4 hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
do or do not  there is no try  - yoda
"we change, whether we like it or not- <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
banana smile 
