3d990aba0a122be41c109b502c4cbd26
someone was def just creepin outside my house at 130 in the morning! i'm def on high alert now!!
why do summers get worse and worse every year??
new tattoo! ouch it hurt! took 2 hours!!
why is it so cold outside? i was hoping for 135 today   
best day ever yesterday!  laugh 
just home from the most amazing weekend ever! thanks to those who made it so fun and special!   smile 
i'm a goddamn american jedi   
i'm so ready to be done driving    i wanna come home and see certain people   
finally made it to kentucky!!! long 3 days of driving   
woo! excited for roller coasters at <propmale>'s island tomorrow!!  laugh 
wooooooo!!!!!! roller coasters all day long!!!!  laugh 
journey concert tonight!!!!  wooo!!!   laugh 
tired   its been a long busy week  
"tired, but dont really want to go to sleep yet   "
hahaha   wow im bored   lol
just got my brakes fixed   what a rip-off    as usual
clouded    
had a great weekend   wish it wasnt over so soon     sad 
pissed about losing that fucking apartment   
tired of house hunting    and job hunting    
"crazy day! filled with car chases, rock climbing bouldering, 40ft <propmale> jumping, swimming in glacier water, mexican fiestas, climbing on the rooftops of buildings not meant to be climbed, chasing drunk drivers, and playing at the playground    woo, me am pooped  "
long weekend that is basically starting now    busy busy busy    
"absolutely the worst week ever   death in the family, rejected from one school, loss of financial aid, roomy backed out and i lost my house, got a speeding ticket, cant pay for school now, and am stuck at my parents house   "
finally moved in to corvallis!!
just back from an early ass morning deer hunt  alot of fun though!  laugh 
theres a whole new world behind my wall   
reflecting   
going camping and hunting all weekend at siuslaw!  laugh 
yay! everybody in my house is getting swine flu!!  sad 
i hate you new facebook homepage   why are there 2 types of newsfeeds that say the exact same thing?
woo! halloween is gonna be so sick this year!  playful 
i have given up on carving my stupid pumpkin   i think it is time to blow it up with the proper application of e playful losives     laugh 
blew up the pumpkin      laugh 
ugg   
i remember now why i hate school   
"thinks the discovery channel should have accredited tv shows, so you can earn your degree from watching really interesting educational shows, rather than listen to boring lectures and taking unfair tests   "
i am wondering why i woke up to fighter jets flying around over corvallis of all places?
the real prize for shaggy wasn't a little scooby snack  it was a little scooby snatch!  playful 
yay! windows 7!  laugh 
avatar   just absolutely epic!  laugh 
my latest addiction     avatar in 3d    yes! seen it 3 times already!!!  laugh 
yes! feeding the addiction! just returned from avatar in 3d for the 4th time!!
<propfemale> christmas!       only thing that'd make it better is if that special someone was here with me   
uh oh    tom just stole <propfemale>'s milk duds   this night is not gonna end well!
what's the deal with all this half-ass snow ice rain crap? it should just commit and become a blizzard already!
packing   new apartment tongiht! woo!
nude tone  playful 
mmmmm   gummy fruit snacks     laugh 
"\legion\"" = awesome!  laugh """
"\hey! those are my honkers!\"""""
"to clear the air here, since everybody seems to be missing the point  doppelganger week is where you put up a pic of someone famous that other people say you look like  in my case, people often tell me that i look like <propmale> cruise  so my putting up a pic of him as my doppelganger, does not in any way imply that i either want to look like, or be like <propmale> cruise   just so you kno"
"definition of \adric\"" according to urban dictionary: 1  adric 'just being like the man its named after  fucking awesome or just being a jerk ' lol"""
"injured ankle, injured knee, injured back    interesting night  "
hates ignorant people    
"dear facebook, please stop changing the home <propfemale> and chat, only to make things worse and more confusing than before  thank you "
the only easy day   was yesterday   
"is curious as to why my mentally deficient neighbor has decided to change his normal routine of blasting techno music all night, to a night of blasting up beat jazz?"
fuck you doctors    
yay! tonight at midnight im officially 21!!!!!  laugh 
yay! it's my birthday!
bored      
finds it almost sickening how stupid and naive people can be   and not even about hugely complicated things   
"wonderful, my back injury was finally starting to heal up   and then i go and fall on a huge boulder, on my back   spectacular  sad "
stuck   
wishing i had the right words    
i  love  ikea     laugh 
not even remotely a good night   
"life is full of hard decisions, i only pray that the decision i just made was the right one   "
i would never lie  i willfully participate in a campaign of  misinformation      playful 
another exciting day full of shooting guns at aimless shit   oh how i love being an american  smile 
"question everything, because everything is possible   "
today i legitimately witnessed a duck threesome (as in the bird)   im not sure whether to feel violated or turned on? hmmmm  playful 
yay   it would appear that just about all of corvallis' power just went out   its very annoying   i hope my food doesn't spoil   
"so i guess the power is out in corvallis, albany, philomath, & lebanon due to multiple downed lines   this blows   "
"had an unusual but adventuresome night lastnight   went shooting, camping, saw a ufo (as in simply an unidentified flying object, no claim of ebe presence at all), got stalked by something creepy in the woods, and destroyed a giant tv   good fun  smile "
finally a break! hopefully the good news keeps coming my way  smile   **knock on wood**
"hates people who post political opinions or views, but has no e playful erience, e playful ertise, or knowlege about what they're talking about, they just repeat what their parents siblings spouse says without any actual understanding   it pisses me off   almost as much as just plain stupid people   "
is currently frustrated by all the little things    they have a way of building up on you   
"yes! just got the very first copy of the new xbox 360! mwahahahahahahaha, my all night endeavor was a success!  laugh "
it was a sad day today   
"day 1 of intense deep cleaning of my apartment, done   yes!"
excited for an entire weekend with <propfemale>!  laugh 
"i hate doctors  not because i disagree with their work or anything  but simply because exactly when you need them, they are completely useless and cant (wont) help you   "
"just saw the last airbender    it was just kinda weird   cool, but weird   definitely a <propfirst> movie (lol, that one was for you tom   lol)"
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!
kickass performance by the oregon army ng last night at the baseball game!
so the extension cord that was plugging my ac unit into the wall got so hot today that it melted and caught on fire   awesome   lol
just climbed a 300 foot <propmale> and rock face at smith rocks   today was an epic day  smile 
pics up from smith climb  smile 
"hates it when you put the effort to email, text, or call someone and they dont have the common courtesy to return the effort   "
today's bordome level = 5 hours of knot tying   lol
"some days, i just don't feel like slaying dragons   "
"i wish i was like wolverine, that way shit wouldn't ever hurt, and if it did i could just chop it off and it would grow back nice and new    "
officially <propfemale> and my 1 year anniversary today!  laugh 
"ouch, they never told me in <propfemale> biology that sea barnacles were sharp enough to cut skin   stupid little @#$*#"
i'm ready for the heat to go away    i want fall to be here already   ugg
"in all the time <propmale> potter and voldemort spend dueling, why hasnt either one of them just been a bit smarter and pulled out a gun and shot the other one in the head? it would end shit so much quicker, and they wouldnt have these drawn out battles that nobody ever wins   lol"
"i think protesting at a funeral, despite your political beliefs, should count as a guaranteed free ride to hell   stupid mother fuckers"
fuck you facebook
new couch!  laugh 
"i wish stupid ignorant people who think they know everything, and feel it necessary to share to the world would get punched in the face by a big jail house guy named butch, and told to shut up or be butch's bitch  because i'm sick and tired of listening to people's utter bullshit about how the world must be this way or that way   stupid people"
"you know, it really isn't fair that only children get to run about naked, but if an adult does its a heinous crime   what bullshit"
yay! looking forward to a weekend of hunting and camping!  laugh 
just saw paranormal activity 2    fucking intense! way better and scarier than the first one   hahahaha
"it's funny, how everyone seems to have lost their minds this election season  nobody cares about the actual problems that can and need to be fixed in <propfemale>, & wut can be done realistically to fix problems*  instead everyone has their heads up their asses playin the blame game  i wish ppl would stop party politics & examine facts, individual candidates, then make an assessment  party's aren't evil, people are evil "
likes the 2 f-15's doing circles overhead around corvallis     laugh 
"send a number to my inbox, and i'll tell you what i think about you   "
"12 : you are easily the coolest person that i have ever known, although you have your tendencies to be arrogant and annoying on occasion, in the end there is nobody i'd rather walk through hell with"
"11 : you are a fantastic person and definitely a missed opportunity due to crappy circumstances, had things not gotten in the way i think we could have had a really great time together  but beyond that you are still one of the toughest people i know and respect, and you are always someone that i will appreciate having in my life   "
"810 : you are the highlight of my day there have been many bumps in the road, but they have only improved the way we live our lives  there are still many things that will change & evolve in time, but i cant imagine a stronger person to overcome & adapt to the ever changing atmosphere, & to become the best person you could never have imagined  w out you i'd still be back at square 1, & for that i owe you everything "
"why does anybody follow listen to <propfirst> assange or anything from wikileaks? they now are cyber attacking fucking anybody that disagrees with them, like paypal  and they have it set up so any person can \join in\"" on their hack attack  wtf these people are traitors and extremists  how can ppl be so stupid to follow them?"""
this will be interesting  poke me if you ever had a crush on me; like this status if you think i'm a good friend; message me if you ever wanted to date me; comment if we ever had good memories  now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status
"i like \liking\"" my own statuses   it validates how much i like them  smile """
tron: legacy = epic movie!!
<propfemale> christmas!!
i feel like i'm a special kind of redneck   all that i currently have in my fridge are pickles and beer   lol
"fucking cod, and women   both so simple, and yet so hard   "
moving on monday!  laugh 
finally finished moving! just a bit more unpacking and i'm done!  laugh 
why must neighbors always suck?
kickass day of skiing!  laugh 
"hilarious!!! lol\\1  go to google maps and click on \get directions \""\",3d990aba0a122be41c109b502c4cbd26,"excellent job <propfirst> fire dept    the building's fire alarm triggers, smoke is in the air the whole place has evacuated, and when do you guys show up?? 20 <propfemale> later   great ti<propfemale>g skills there!"
yay! its finally snowing here    lol
"thank you so much to all of you who sent me birthday wishes whether by phone, or facebook  you all made my birthday really awesome!  laugh "
"dear messes, the world would be a better place if you would just learn to clean yourself up   sincerely, a lazy person  smile "
yea! goin shootin today! been a while   fuck yea!
battle: los angeles   awesome movie!
