795de921111eab40c26d6a2c4b458535
just 1 more left to go!
is getting beat up by a 4 year old x_x
rip <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> fawcett  annoyed   love 33
"regents scores  99 english, 99 us history, 83 math, and 81 chem, glad i got above 70's for chem ^^;, but where did the 1 point off come from for english and us o o??"
going to ohio today  laugh 
"back from ohio today's internship, and i look like <propmale>"
"helll yes, straight 4's! (even in <propmale> history o smile "
"got my copy of 1984, but why does freakonomics have to be so e playful ensive  annoyed ?"
nobody ever picks up their phone  annoyed 
is still blind because she broke her glasses ):
"just came back from watching orphan, with hammer  smile "
at my internship till 4 smile 0
"back from internship, with new knowledge of how to e playful ort a database file  playful "
"people who took senior photos already, how long did it take?"
senior pictures tomorrow morning 10 am
 love  <propfirst> lopez
anybody know any professional lighting sound companies that would be willing (paid work) to help design a scarey track and light setup for the mills pond haunted house?
"does anyone have 2nd period 1st semester creative writing, and not 4th period?"
anybody know any professional lighting sound companies that would be willing (paid work) to help design a scarey track and light setup for the mills pond haunted house?
is slowly starting to perfect her sweet as sugar secretary voice  playful 
going to hammers  love !
only  has 2 more internship days left  o: !
"boss's car broke down, most likely i'm going to spend my day until 4 smile 0 waiting for the office phone to ring  anyone wanna visit me  smile ?"
finally gets to use her amazing stage-crew training to    fold brochures  playful 
last day of internship !
being sick blows  annoyed 
what is the obsession with farmville ?
the rest of the carpet in the house is going to be taken out today  holy shit we have a floor!
can't help but be in love with the v for vendetta monologue  love 
old navy and pirate festival with <propfemale> bosco!
"back from pirate fest, (amazinng  love 3!)and hanging out with <propfemale>  will post pictures when i get home"
"probably spending all day finishing up my c1 project, good, because my feet don't feel like moving after pirate fest (devlin!)"
finally got myself a copy of good omens  laugh  !!
"adelphi class, then maybe to brooklyn with my brother's family later "
"volunteering at mills pond haunted house, come by  laugh !"
anybody else want to volunteer at mills pond haunted house tonight that can give me a ride home?
jayden's 3rd birthday party today  laugh !
"sister's drunk friends snapped off the water mane, no water in the house until it's fixed ^^;, happy birthday jayden"
"haunting at mills pond house of horrors, last night for me, come visit  playful "
"anyone who has hofmann for pre-calc, what was the hw?"
going off to crew  laugh 
"moma feild trip tomorrow!! can't wait  laugh , someone bring a good dvd for the bus "
"ap eco people, what was the textbook hw?"
"watching \drag me to hell\"" and then \""the ugly truth\"" with the family  playful """
annoying scholarship questions  annoyed 
"the choice: midnight snowball fight with my older brother and his step-son the consequence: glasses falling out of my pocket to be buried a few minutes later, or plowed halfway around town  to follow through with my decision i will be spending the rest of my weekend half-blind finishing the stranger project and economics article  go existentialism!"
<propfemale> bosco told me to update my status ;p
sorry i couldn't make it crew  annoyed 
"just sent my portfolio to pratt, glad that's over with!"
omegle is amazing!  laugh 
"sorry people, can't take your fanpages seriously especially when half of them don't know the right form of your or you're <<, just saying   "
"i know i'm not one to complain via fb status    but fuck it, fuck everything! every time i try to open my mouth it gets thrown right back in my face, ugh i just really need someone to talk to right now      "
anyone have an extra seat in their car for pancake day tomorrow?
"back from adelphi, portfolio review went amazingly ^^"
"just had to clean out entire computer, stupid spam demons trying to eat my pc from the inside out "
a phantom of the opera sequal?    
wtf! why do schools keep losing parts of my application d:?!
accepted to new paltz and parsons new school of design!!!!
"pratt institute, ftw!!"
can anyone recommend a free virus malware removal tool i can download    like now????
i'm having too much fun e playful erimenting with 60's styled makeup
"mother got stuck on her way driving into the city for my sister's birthday, can somebody give me a lift to dress rehersal tomorrow?"
"so yeah, i kinda need a ride from anyone in cast or crew to the show, otherwise i'm walking again    any takers?"
"pratt institute accepted students day at 9 am! then leaving brooklyn at 2 smile 0 to make it for the last night of sweet <propfemale> presented by sachem east! if you haven't seen it yet, come see it at 7 smile 0, tickets are only $10 and you can get them at the door  hope to see you there!"
"it's so weird how off i'm feeling since coming home from strike  it was a great run these last 4 years, through all the afterschool rehersals and 8 hr a day weekends, i'm going to miss everyone in the cast and crew, you guys are all awesome and it was amazing working with every single one of you love 3!"
still doesn't feel like doing that damn still life
making platanos w  mom and finishing packing before going to <propfemale>'s!
anyone heading to ahs induction want to give me a ride?  laugh 
i want to know who illustrated the design on arizona peace tea lol =x
just 1 more c   x_x
i feel like letter openers should come back so i don't have to almost rip my mail apart like a savage <<; 
got my prom dress today  smile !!
"feeling very artsy today, drawing in a sketchbook until my eyes hurt  lol ironic that i finally feel up to being creative after the ap?"
it's too cold d:
ap's are finally done!
"masquerade, ftw!"
one of the neighbors is making it sound like it's wwii in my backyard 
cash cab  love 3
"i have 2 new little nieces, yay!  laugh "
"can't find the sheet, can anyone tell me how to format the citations for the research paper?"
only 2 more pages left to go !
"done, g'night!"
just watched <propfirst> darko for the first time    i don't even know how to describe that e playful erience lol
mom gave me a ticket to the brookhaven fair  anyone want to come with me today or tomorrow?
"job interview at boomers, monday at 5!  playful "
thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday !
got my artwork back from the ap board today
had a lot of fun hanging out at hammer's  smile !
sooo anyone know someone whose hiring?
"kind of late to ask, but anyone want to chill tomorrow?"
love how metalocalypse can help a gal cheer up when she's feeling a little down =p  love  
colombian coffee with <propfemale> cream yumm  smile 
"going to some kind of animal farm with my dad and little brother today? no idea what my dad is talking about, sounds fun though =p "
"dammit <propfemale>! you've finally got me, you win x)  love 33"
"trying to figure out more financial aid stuff and fill out job applications, need a job! d:"
"sandwhich rack with a big farmville poster over it, and blood orange hot chocolate sponsored by mafia wars at 7-11, anyone else see the problem here?"
anyone want to chill tomorrow?
walking home uphill during a summer downpour makes everything seem like more of an adventure  love 
i wish i still had free access to illustration board ):
going to applebees soon with crew  laugh !
"bored with life, anyone want to make plans for this weekend?"
thank you google for letting me know it's the 150th birthday of <propmale> mucha  smile 
"painted today for the first time really all summer  idle hands are never a good idea  less than 3 weeks until pratt, and i still can't believe it  so excited!"
i keep getting constantly reminded how much i can't wait to get the fuck out of here! this is going to be a long 3 weeks 
2 more weeks!
"the isafe bag, pay $60 for a dumpy looking backpack with a piercing irritating alarm on it, make bullies and molesters think twice before they come to mess with you  lol, gotta love ridiculous late night commercials "
"finale of work of <propmale> =p, go abdi!"
last week on <propfemale>! anyone want to <propfemale> out before sat?
"my family should realize that packing is kind of difficult without any boxes or other means to <propfemale> things in  so much left to do, only a few more days left to go  can't wait "
"last day in <propfemale>, packing and getting last minute stuff "
"had a fun night, thanks everyone that came to my surprise party  love !"
"at pratt, and loving it  laugh "
lower east side thrifting trip later today 
"just saw run dmc, <propfirst> w k and a former contestant from antm in williamsburg"
"no class tomorrow, but will have to plan my day around trying to find enough time in the woodshop and the computer lab to get 3d and 4d hw done   and read the <propmale> history chapter, crap "
last night i learned the wrong way to chisel something   the hard way  awkward much?
"scratched my leg with my nail first thing waking up    wtf o <, i need to declaw myself"
"for sloane's drawing hw, did we have to use soft pencil, or is charcoal ok?"
waking up early tomorrow morning to head to educare to finally get some work study hours 
hey anybody else working for <propfemale> reads counts and know where tomorrows meeting is?
dance club was fine  it was nice having adrenaline make my nose forget that it was sick for a while  english and studying for <propmale> history quiz for the rest of the night 
"this weekend was awesome, comic con and now a new episode of metalocalypse, with some lcd hw "
"ok, so the select button on my cell phone doesn't want to work anymore, therefore, no texting for a little while, oh well "
"a little <propfirst> leguizamo stand-up with some hw, feeling pretty alright right now"
"ok, let me say this again, if you texted me recently, and wonder why i haven't gotten back to you, i can't look at any of my texts, or do a lot of things because the select on my phone is broken "
"phone randomly decided to start working again, sweet  laugh   lets see how long this lasts "
i love how much motown comes up on <propfemale> radio on pandora 
"back from watching the 4th year juilliard students play a raisin in the sun, it was awesome  laugh !"
"<propmale> school economics: diminishing marginal product, with each additional input (number of hours spent on lcd hw) increases, the product (an effective transparency design) decreases "
our room has light again!
"phone went haywire again, sorry people who tried to text me today d: "
"<propmale> horror tonight and dance club performance, can't wait  laugh  "
"great job bus stop cast and crew, great show and it was fun seeing you all again  laugh  "
<propfemale> la meade!
"magically found wireless in the very corner of my bedroom, yes =p "
"hey anyone else in <propfemale> reads, is there a meeting tomorrow?"
pan's labyrinth  smile 
anyone want to go to the movies tonight to see black swan? <<
"<propfirst> peters clips at close to 2 am, why yes please "
"lcd final monday  trucking to get a private <propfemale> to go through so i can actually register for class, fffuuuuck >< "
"so yeah things actually going as planned and finally working themselves out for once   i could get used to this    who am i kidding, eroiwerjewrojwereroejeroierj!!!! yesss!"
possibly stuck in pratt until weds now? anyone left on campus  laugh ?
going outside to check out the eclipse
"ok sooo still not registered for <propmale> history or english yet, have to come back in january but i'll be looking forward to seeing all my pratt buddies again next semester  laugh   now time to really pack, and start gift wrapping, happy holidays!"
way to go stabile dryers trying to eat my laundry card right before i'm getting picked up to leave o < 
"<propfemale> eder, why can't i quit you d:?"
"late night drive to philly, <propfemale> christmas everyone"
watching salt
got one of my nieces to calm down by playing heavy metal robot unicorn? sweet  laugh  
anyone free to chill this week?
<propfirst> rock's good hair  love !
"sweet, just got paid for a painting from last year  laugh  "
watching cats don't dance
brooklyn bound
ok today now officially has everything set in order   yes i was lying all those other times =p  anyone on campus that wants to chill before i head back to <propfemale> tonight?
who has tuesday lcd with roberts?
"heading back to brooklyn tonight, see you later <propfemale>"
back on campus
ok ok kickass fans    i get it now 
tokyo gore police= the most hilarious most disturbing movie i have ever seen 
"sachem east kids, does anyone have any floating photos of mr fig?"
boston bound with <propfemale> brown!
on the bolt bus heading back to ny 
making wax turnip designs while being addicted to live performances of <propfemale>  love  
what was the title of the <propfemale> <propmale> song from dance club today???
parallel universes ftw
oh <propmale> jones    
"has anybody ever seen the movie <propfemale>, is it any good?"
dawwwee one of the kindergarten kids at work gave me a hershey kiss  love 333
no english today  thanks to whatever dog show is going on in central park right now =p
watching a movie about feminist cowboys with <propfemale> brown    yeaaaah
does anyone in stabile have some drain-o?
"i really feel like watching a good horror flick lately, anyone got suggestions?"
"\god dammit pratt students stop downloading so much porn!\"" \""why?\"" \""because i need cs5 for hw\""- e b """
why did they kick on the ac in the lounge? it's <propfemale> cold 
skype success!!
watching evil dead soon  laugh  
evil dead movie night redux?
yay zombies!
"hey anyone out there interested in seeing <propfirst> leguizamo with me? might be able to get discount ticket rates, not sure yet "
"got my id back! does anyone want to walk with me to marshals, or some other cheap clothing place nearby that's still open?"
"battle of the bands was pretty awesome, but the real battle starts tomorrow, costume readout, 1000+ kids in the arc and giant chess pieces? ooohboy "
who else has edwards for <propmale> history and is going on the met trip today or tomorrow?
uno game is getting intense here    
"adobe you suck, just saying   "
"burning <propfemale> for <propfemale> elliiott with some english hw, mmmhmm"
$500 in outstanding fees for this semester ughh
"jeepers creepers at 1 am, teehee yess  love "
waiting for the petroleum man    bored out of my mind  annoyed 
"job interview today then heading back to bk later tonight, happy st  <propfirst>'s day!"
"back in brooklyn, who else is on campus and wants to chill outside with me?"
evil dead 2 and lcd hw
"went from belly dance lesson to dinner right into dance club, good day "
"no work this morning for evaluation, and english is suddenly canceled for the day pretty sweet "
