b79b72756d54314966966f2ca093c98c
uuuugh i'm considering throwing together a zoey cosplay for sdcc   but i feel bad about it because i have only played l4d two or three times and i suck at it  so conflicted!!
"transformers 2 sucked balls  humping dogs robots, farts, robot balls and robo-wayans brothers? whatthefuck? oh, and <propfemale> fox? not hot  in fact, less hot than she was before  goddammit, i wasted $20 fucking dollars  i want those 3 hours of my life back "
i really should overhaul this profile  >>;; i has better things to do than facebook  *pfft*
fabric shorppings!! yaaay! then home to work on saber's boots some more  hopefully i'll get the gloves in today so i can start adding stuff to them 
going to try to use the rest of my night to do something productive!
pin tucks! pin tucks! pin tucks! augh!!!
<propmale> potter was pretty damn awesome  sleep nao 
i'm finishing yuna today or i'm going to cease to exist  srs 
"almost done with yuna  now, i plan on sleeping until noon  ugh "
"goddammit! work keeps cutting hours like mad  at least i'm not the girl who didn't get any  ugh  if this keeps up, i'm going to need a second jorb  do not want "
"needs to find bendy sculpey  oh, and invisible elastic "
"holy crap!! thunder like woah! i just about sewed through my fingers, it was so loud! >>;; bleeding on yuna is not allowed!"
comic con!!! yeah!!  laugh 
should be sewing or fabric hunting for unohana  methinks lazing about watching 2nd season haruhi and k-on! to be much more appropriate 
i get thisclose to finishing my saber skirt   and then i realize i forgot to buy a zipper  fuck living 23 <propmale> out of town  seriously 
laaaaazy 
is going to need a bigger boat 
wishes she had enough money for the kmfdm show in october    here's hoping ndk doesn't eat all of my money  ><
"reel big fish with allerz tomorrow!! i have nothing for them to sign! ohhhh noooo!! > laugh  oh well  after the concert, i'm buckling down and becoming a recluse to finish all these cosplays!"
"got my fucking katana signed by reel big fish!! hell yeah!! > laugh   shit    now i have to get a new sword for unohana! oh well, it was worth it!"
"isn't it funny how all it takes is one little blog entry by a \friend\"" to ruin a perfectly good day?"""
a night with <propfirst> and the prospect of getting shit done tomorrow made me feel better  that and maret did a happy shaunners medicine dance   love 
got some suuuuuun!  love  now i get to make luka headphones!
whaaaaaarbaaaaargle!!!
i'm suddenly not all too excited about ndk  too much work and too many irritating people  ;  ; i'm sure i'll get over it   maybe 
"really, really wants the final fantasy dissidia psp bundle  really  really  why must it be released with ndk so close?! life is cruel!"
"it sucks when it feels like everything is crashing down around me  i guess when it rains, it pours  t_t"
dissidia dissidia dissidia!!  laugh  i'ma charging up mah psp for this wonderful occasion   love 
"yeeeeahhhh boooooyy!!! i have 22 hours next week! awesome!!  love  money is good! > laugh  it'll kill my cosplay time, but thats okay!! ooooh such a relief! i thought i was out of a job!"
loaded weekend coming  no <propfirst> for a week and i'm going to haul ass on cosplays  here's hoping i can make it down to <propmale> for wig extensions 
i really wish i had my ipod right now  final fantasy x piano arrangements are stuck in my head 
worried about <propfirst>  :<
just   ugh 
i love my ndk people so much! they're the best  love  thanks for an awesome weekend you guys!
isn't sick   laugh 
"can't sleep, but i evil <propfemale> has now reverted into sweet <propfemale>    which just means she's asleep  she'll turn back once i turn off my laptop and the power supply stops cranking out heat "
"trying to make sense of the disaster area that is my room  this always happens after a con  i need to get a better system! also, photoshoot offers from a mostly nude nigh-to-pornographic photog? uuuuh scary  i blame the cube!!!"
uuuugh i need to update this better  > annoyed  how droll  at least i got ndk done!
<propfirst> has some godawful shoes stinking up the bottom of her closet  >< daaaaayyyyyuuuum  it turns out i have a pair of tevas that have been hiding in there too! awesome!
"eeeeeeyeeeeaaaah!! i got free square-enix stuff!! its like a cookie, only better!  laugh "
"looks like a couple of my accounts were hacked  o o; nothing was messed with though, thank god  password change time! email and everything  ><"
"tempted to get my ears pierced again, once i have the monies "
two things  i really need a new job and i feel like i'm going to puke  they fit together oh-so-well  t_t job hunting today   oh joy 
"when i was told it was going to snow this week, i thought it was a joke  welcome to colorado "
you'll get nothing and like it!
i'm gonna need a boomstick for halloween   love 
"i has a boomstick!  laugh  thank you, walmart! now i just need the chainsaw-hand  hi <propfirst>  stop playing homeworld and make me one!  love  i already love you forever, so i can't promise you that  coffee cake? tomorrow the rifle holster gets made!"
whats with everyone tossing their cats out in the snow and taking pictures of it?! why wasn't i informed of this!! i have 4 of them!!!
"they might be giants tomorrow, <propmale> zombie on friday, a new picture of my yuna from alain idolatrystudios, a wonderful boyfriend, and a blossoming idea for a starfest costume  life is great at this particular moment in time   love "
"tmbg kicked so much ass  the only time i've seen that much nerd in one place is starfest, just less trek wars   love  on to <propmale> zombie! yeeeeaaaah!!"
tuckers  all out of them 
"looks like i'm going to pick up some extra money by helping fix a boat load of kiddie costumes for the place my mom works at  on top of that, they want me to come in and tell them about cosplay and steampunk, maybe even <propfemale> fashion  o o;;; i guess i better brush up!"
i has two arceus now!  laugh  ha-ha! i'm such a nerd 
woo! i found headphones for magnet luka and i get to see <propfemale> tomorrow  i venture out to the scary far off land of greeley to find a copy of pokemon firered  i must be brave!
"today i learned that most of the women from greeley hate their real eyebrows and have a thing for sharpies  *shudder* at least i got a copy of firered  my internet is now shiternet, so i will be playing with my charizard for the rest of the night  how do i have any friends?!! o o;"
"95% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> cullen standing on top of a sky scraper about to jump  if ur one of the 5% who would sit there eating pop corn saying \do a flip!!\"" copy and paste this as your post """
who wants to go with me to see tally hall on the 5th? tickets are only $15 25! hmmmm?????  love 
yaaaay i ordered my elwire and my wig for magnet luka!  love  now i have to wait and work on my dress and headphones  oh what fun   playful 
yeeeeah! tally hall tonight!  laugh  i got my yellow tie all set to go! can't wait!
"i guess i kicked the wall in my sleep last night  ><;; i kicked it hard enough to split my toenail open  fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff i hate that!  oh well, at least i finish shopping for luka today (i hope)  allerz time!"
"sammich, then bed  mmmm sammich   love "
"ndknye: is it just me, or did the whole \formal attire\"" rule just go out the window?  this ought to be amusing """
"everyone around me is sick! augh! i'm going to drown myself in emergen-c, airborne, and orange juice for the next two weeks  like hell i'm going to get all dressed up only to be snotty and yucky! d:<"
i   i think i finished my headphones  o o; i may take them apart to cover up the el wire along the headband  its shines right through the cover  what a pain 
i die a little inside each time i remember that i left all of my ribwiches at <propfirst>'s house  *sigh* so hungry    ;  ;
i just had my laugh for the night   idiots are highly amusing when they are not being highly irritating 
"my dress is done! my mom is amazing! d: as much as i wish that i had done all that workmyself, she saved my ass and did a much better job than i would have  i am going to clean the house as payment   love "
i can't seem to find used copies of folklore or eternal sonata for ps3  sad day  i guess i can just get dmc4 and blazblue until then 
yay! i found a used copy of folklore for under $20! now i need to hunt down eternal sonata   annoyed  now to bide my time until the nye thingy  we're all going to be so fancy!
hoooookah house  seriously eyeballing the pretty blue and purple hookahs next to me  do i have 50$ i want to spend now? mmmmmaybe 
"things are making a large downward spiral and i'm not sure as to why   annoyed  \at least i have awesome friends to help me stay upbeat and my kebbins to hold onto when i fall apart on occasion "
hmmmm   what project do i start next?
oooh i found a cow kigurumi that i am tempted to get  why cow? no idea  trying to figure that one out myself  >>;;
anime e playful o planning ahoy!  laugh 
thank god i finally put all those wigs up for sale! i'm going to need the money if they keep cutting my hours again  ><; over half of them are sold or called for now 
it sucks that i get depressed going through product at work  nothing like being reminded how old you are by a bunch of goddamn cheese 
i hate going through old saved emails  i always end up feeling like shit and that everything i have now is a complete waste   annoyed 
"idye is seriously awesome stuff   but i really wish the display had a color chart on it  all the yellows look so much alike on the packaging, so i ended up with the wrong color  poor yuna's obi is now a sad brownish yellow  hello, dye remover and new dye pack  -_-"
oh dear god!! the work! it doesn't stop! d:
i want to watch k-on! through again   but i have so many others i need to finish! ;  ; k-on  love 
"oh, isolation  wonderful when you want it, beyond hell to endure when its forced on you "
stupid work! you are impedeing progress on luka and yuna! how dare you!
"final fantasy week?! just a week for something i love so much?! i'm hurt by this! oh, and ffxiii in less than a month  pissing myself in anticipation  you have no idea "
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!  smile  it started out poopy, but you guys made it all better!  love  love  love  you all!!"
the day after i leave <propfirst> is always the worst  the days only get progressively worse from that point  ;  ;  *wibble*
"i'm seriously tempted to be a selfish, evil bitch and trade in the xbox 360 i got <propfirst> for the ffxiii xbox 360 lim ed  bundle  so sexy  *sigh* i'm not that heartless "
sewing my ass off tomorrow!! my machine had better behave! d:
goddammit porcupine tree! why aren't you coming through co?! did we do something to upset you!?! *cry*
"admiral ackbar is going to be at starfest! i'm sure he will beat the snot out of the first tard to shout \its a trap!\"" """
"i got paid today, but it doesn't make up for having to work today and tomorrow when i would rather (should be) getting luka and yuna done  ugh  i hope next week is a bit more chill "
baking and cosplay all crammed into one day  oh joy! here's hoping i don't screw up yuna's sleeves  stupid gradient!
omnomnomnom kokoro chicken curry bowl!  love 
"i just realized a few of you have given me a reason to bring my nidorina cosplay out of hiding for alw  here's hoping i can obtain a better wig  also, surprise job interview tomorrow  o o;; she pretty much told me i already have the job   and i'm a little weirded out by that "
wasabi will be a nice break for my hands  ;  ; my thumb is split open and a few other fingers are close to splitting too  ugh  my ruined hands make me hate my job 
"if i were smart retarded i would call in \sick\"" on thursday and get my cosplays done   but i'm neither smart nor retarded  looks like i'll have to haul ass!!"""
"i have nothing done  nothing  i feel like i wasted my entire day on two cosplays that will not get finished due to wigs never showing up  yuna looks gaudy and clunky as hell and h-type luka's corset is shit  i still have a shitton of stuff to do and not just on my stuff either  work on wed thurs is not helping and i highly doubt i'll get to be down before friday   oh yeah, and i still have to pack  fuck  my  life "
"panic mode is off  i cut out yuna until i can get her the way i want  luka corset problem sort of solved  i found an old corset thinger from my hot topic days  finally i'll make some use of it! also, finishing shaymin gijinka so i have something else  now i have a little more time to breathe "
my boy makes the best sandviches   love 
ffxiii is full of love   love 
moar ffxiii!!
i love how the majority of my friends on here are playing ffxiii   love  its a beautiful thing 
"n-no more work, please! i just want to stay home and not deal with the retarded new guy  *weep*"
"ffxiii  all  fuckin'  day  my brain hurts, but its worth it   love "
the weather today made me think of renfaire   love  i can't wait for the summer  faire food and beer    do want 
i'm missing out on so many awesome things and people because of work  *sigh*
slowly growing more and more apathetic about starfest  shit sucks 
bracing myself for a fucking awful weekend  i get to be up at 5 smile 0am to fix crap at work   only to go back in at 2 smile 0 to close with a moron  fffffffffffffffffffffffff 
"how to train your dragon = i has a big happy   love  oh, and another costume project  *cringe*"
"less sleep work, more ffxiii and pokies  please?"
"<propfemale> fabric hunting, very successful!  laugh  also, as much as i appreciate walmart for being the only place with craft items open late, i hate the fact that they have all the boy figures from how to train your dragon, but neither of the girls  wtf!! come on!!"
"uuugh the snowmelt is making our well water disgusting  i really wish i were \living\"" at <propfirst>'s this spring  taking showers here will suck for the next month or two """
i'm thisclose to punching a bitch 
"clash of the titans, i am disappoint  very, very disappoint "
"rain = love , adding wefts to wig=  sad "
"well, half the crap i ordered for one of my starfest costumes haven't showed up   just a little pissed  a little  *twitch*"
huuuuurrrrrrrrrr 
"no, seriously  fuck you, itunes  erg "
"no matter how many favorites or fans a <propfemale> gets, no person in their right mind will ever name their child megatron  ever  if someone does, i'm sure in around 18 to 25 years we will have another hitler on our hands "
fffffffffffffffff this wig!!! dx<
dammit <propfirst>!! you got me all hooked on mh and i have a costume i should be working on! not to mention the other three games i've been trying to get to as well! ;  ;
awww poor <propfemale>'s wig got detroyed on saturday  i'm willing to bet it was the hour long dance party with that 3 year old   love 
wooooah i have the next two weekends off! how the hell did that happen?!?! o o;
mmmmm madelines and rain make me happy   love 
fffffffffffffffffff work at 7am 
huuuurrrrrrrrr 
i really want to watch the road to eldorado for some reason  weird 
o o;; was reserving the room for ax really that easy?! awesome  now i just need to get my ass in gear on vanille and rework luka 
anyone going to the meet-up on the 8th up at matthew-winters open space park??
"best <propfemale> wars day ever  beautiful weather, got an interview at gamestop, my car is all happy, and i found some awesome bangles for vanille   love  the day would be perfect if i had <propfirst> here  may the 4th be with you!  laugh "
"okay guys, its time to stop bitching about snow in may  you live in colorado, you should know how this all works by now "
stalling on driving home   by buying shit for ryoga 
what the hell?! none of the videos i want to watch are showing up  o o;; i really think my lappy is starting to die on me or something 
moe moe kyuuuun   love  i can't decide what color yukata i want to get  derp 
*sigh* i had to dumo my gamestop job  40 hours at sprouts wouldn't mesh with it  ;  ;
bleeeegh so tired  i don't want to go home  ;  ;
"ahhh, lost   love  i will miss you  *weep*"
ooooh new pokewalker path! why was i not informed of this earlier?! ;  ;
guess who killed the internet? not me   over half the things i need to do are now impossible until our bandwidth resets or whatever  thank you  =_= ugh 
stupid hobbylobby! why do i always seem to need you on sundays?! those of us who don't go to church would like to get some beads and shit!
"its a little irritating how i only seem to find the perfect materials when it gets down to the wire for a cosplay to be done   but its so worth it when i started putting it all together   love \vanille beeeeeads  thank you squenix, for releasing awesome high res character models!"
poop  i need to go to <propfirst>'s soon and play some ffxiii  i need a huge 360 view of vanille to count some beeeeeeaaaads   playful 
beeeeeaaaads!!  laugh 
"fuck you, work! i'm missing out on huge awesome chunks of my life! i hate you!! d\:"""
pffffft i'd rather be seeing i hate kate darling thieves tonight  ;  ;
uuugh all i can think about is renfaire these days  this is going to be a loooong week!
k-on! never fails to make me smile   smile 
"hmm   cosplay com is holding a cosplay contest at ax and it has some pretty nice prizes  i'm tempted to enter, but i have no faith in vanille as of right now  >>;; i guess i could try  uh oh, this means i have to get moving a little faster now! yeesh!"
ugh  angel beats makes me feel like i'm watching haruhi again   and thats not a good thing  at all 
so   tired  ;  ;
goddamn mice in my ceiling walls!! ugh  i also need to stop considering doing cosplays that i said i wouldn't do  just   blegh 
"can't sleep = more vulgar  maybe i shouldn't post anything when this happens  then again, i look back later and giggle a little  i haven't decided if its worth it yet  >>; oh,  mens asses "
"i'm fucking done with people for the week  i'm just beyond tired of everything and my \vacation\"" can't come soon enough  ugh  here's hoping i don't snap and choke a bitch anytime soon """
"ahh perfect renfaire day   love  a little burned, but content  if only i didn't have to work so early tomorrow "
"my manager at work throws temper tantrums like a 5 year old and is as vindictive as a woman  if none of you guys see me in july, he'd be the one to blame  i hate assholes so goddamn much right now  again, totally done with people  ugh  going to work on vanille and maybe sleep to stop raging out "
this problem with my manger has had my stomach turning all day long  i hate it when important things turn sour so quickly and so often   ;  ; maybe i need to just find a new job    ugh 
ffffffffffffffffffff stupid vanille and her weird belt and back thinger!! how do i do that?! everything has failed so far  i dunwanna do foamies!! ;  ;
"goddammit! i left my light sculpy in the car when i was at work, now its pretty much baked  ffffffffffffffff off i go to buy more and keep it in my stupid purse this time! d:<"
uuugh i need a haircut trim  ;  ; stupid ax sapin' all my moneys 
greatly in need of a vacation  my nerves are friiiied 
ohmygod  cold somen noodles tomorrow  you have no idea how much they mean to me  t_t  sogood 
noodlesnoodlesnoodles and allerz!  love 
i seriously have the best friends ever   love   love   love 
crammit vanille  uuuuuugh  shit  the next few days are going to be fun  closing the night before i leave in the am is going to kill me 
fuckfuckaxistooclosefuck  d smile 
"ugh  vanille sucks  i've got a lot of revamping to do when i get back from ax   also, i am reminded of how much i hate packing  i know i'm going to forget something important "
best day  ever  i'm going to spend the rest of my life with the most wonderful man in the universe  yeah  universe   love 
"its always interesting to see who has me hidden here   smile  guess what, i'm not going out of my way to tell you cool shit  hooray for you!"
"eerrrrrg! so many color alts! i found another i want to do, but i juuuust bought the wig for another  @_@;;; pooooooops "
"ahhh cosplay material gathering, the somewhat easy part of a messy process  at least my snakeskin vinyl was on clearance  gym tonight with <propfemale>! i have no idea what i'm doing! woo!"
just bleh   indecision 
"don't be a betch, let me borrow that top "
oooooh its always amusing to hear what people say when they think no one is listening 
"uuuugh picking a date is not easy  colorado, why must you be such a bipolar bitch when it comes to weather in the summer? at least i know the date won't clash with ax 2011  i'm going even if it kills me!"
just pre-reg'd for ax 2011  oh yeeeeeeah  you all better hop on that too! its $45 for 4 day passes until july 31st 
"weeee! i know i probably made a mistake picking freash fruit tarts as a bring along to the cosplay picnic next weekend, but i'm really excited about them  i get to bake! yay!"
jeeeeebus  its going to cost a pretty <propfemale> to get the fur i need for my ndk cosplay and vanille's new buttcape  yeesh  looks like i won't be doing too much anytime soon  t_t
23 tarts just sounds kind of weak to me   oh well  maybe i'll get the ambition to make more   annoyed  i really don't want to have a repeat of the cupcakes allerz and i made last time  too many leftoveeeers!
"i was shopping with allerz when all of a sudden, we encountered a wild kaylin and garion! we were able to avoid garion's bowtie attack, but took critical damage from kaylin's cute beam  we somehow managed to make it to a pokecenter in time  who knows what would have happened had we been held up any more "
"ahh, pissed off as hell and somewhat vindictive  not a good combo for me "
"fffffffffffff i was doing great until my mom woke me up at 8am to talk about more wedding shit  this crap has just started and i hate it already  next person who brings it up is going to get punched, whether they know i'm going to punch them for it or not  surprise!!"
warped tour: who is going?!?!?  laugh 
"how the hell does one respond to a cosplayer who vehemently claims that they cosplay professionally? i mean, aside from riotous laughter? thats all i can really come up with at this point "
wuturwuuuurld   laugh 
yaaaay my punky muppet fur came in the mail todaaaay  its so fluffy! i'm gonna have a fluffy butt!  laugh  oooh its been a long night 
"oh, 40+ hour a week job  you've sucked away my summer and any semblance of a social life i could have had  i really want you to go die in a fire   but still pay me  ugh "
"thanks life, for taking a giant shit on me all of a sudden "
"if\ you have a man that works hard to take care of you, would do anything \for you, that makes you laugh, that's your best friend, who you want to \grow old with, who is your world & someone that you're thankful for \every night, post this as your status to give the good men out there the\ recognition that they deserve, because great men are few and far \between & i have one~ ?"
"ahh, schadenfreude  gotta love it   laugh "
goddammit! the <propfirst> pilgrim game is out today and my internet sucks here!! ffffffffail 
i may be doing something stupid by trying to cram a mad hatter costume into my schedule  >>;;; still gonna try it though 
"shit  i forgot about the gogol bordello show this week  daaaaamn i always miss it when they come through town   annoyed  i don't get to wear purple, yet again "
black rock shooter  love 
<propfirst> pilgrim fuck yeeeeeeeah!!!!!!!
o o bread makes you fat?!?
going after the bakery manager position at work  wish me luck! ><;;
"yeeerg  sewing room is somewhat clean  now i have enough floor space to start cutting things out  i found my external hard-drive in the middle of all that crap, so now maybe i can finally update my ipod! o o;; yeesh  its been a while "
its almost 3am and i'm really missing my blue purple hair right now  goddammit 
woooo raaaaaaiiiiin  love  lots of it!
"ffffff! i bought my pass for ax2011 in early july, but they decide to charge me now?! wtf!! o o;;"
i don't want to be here anymore  ;  ;
i should be working on cosplays i need to finish now instead of looking at materials and pieces of cosplays i'll be doing later  bleeeeh 
"i think this whole \working out\"" thing might be more effective if i stopped eating my own weight in garbage every day """
guh   scissor sisters are gonna be at the ogden on sept  6th  do want!
hnnng i would kill for a double crunch roll from roll cafe right now  stupid work keepin' me from getting yumy things!
anyone want to go to big gig with me? :<  pwease?
being completely isolated is great!  t_t
"i spent my night doing a shitton of hand sewing   and in doing so, completely forgot i was supposed to meet <propfemale> and the gym  sorry <propfemale>!! d: i didn't look at a clock until it was past 10  uuuugh i feel horrible!"
oooh <propfirst> got me that pretty blue and purple wiiiiiig!  love  its so pretty!
redbull  o o costume cram session tonight too  vanille! your ass will be outfitted with the finest buttcape i can offer this time!
uugh my motivation just bottomed out  t_t
"everyone is making progress, except me  fuck you, work! i get to chug redbull as soon as i get home just so i can get some stuff done  bleh  i'm going to feel like shiiiiiit tomorrow!"
"restringing all of vanille's beads with elastic   i should have made it this way to begin with  why the hell did i think tiger tail would be the best way to go?\\oh, its 4am  shit  i need sleep but i'm still a little strung out on redburrrrrr "
"whooops, i forgot to reserve kh: birth by sleep  better get on that since its out on the 7th "
"ahh, stuck at work with the biggest tard is not the way i want to spend my night  i could be doing something, you know, worth my time? \i was going to do some handsewing on my lunch but it looks like i ran out of the house with everything but the item that needs sewing  god  damn  it  someone bring me a redbull  please  *weep*"
"so begins two weeks without <propfirst>  i may lose my mind a little  fair warning to everyone i like, i am very likely to get super clingy  please don't get weirded out by it  ; ;"
uuugh i ordered circle lenses for one of my cosplays last week and failed to check how long shipping would take  10-12 days  dammit  dx oh well 
wow   i got my circle lenses! o o; muuuch sooner than i was e playful ecting! i'm just kind of sad they aren't as yellow gold looking as i thought they would be  still cool though!
"goddammit  i bought a new dremel and its broken  ffffffffffffffffffffffffff  also, ran out of bias tape and tomorrow everyone will be closed  not really happy right now "
"my dremel decided to work, but that thing heats up like a mofo reeeeally fast  o o;; i had to stop using it for the night and let it cool down and recharge  hopefully i can get it to work better tomorrow so i can finish this stupid cosplay "
"at work til 5 smile 0  not complaining too much due to time and a half, but i would much rather be doing things more worthy of my time  ah, well, at least i brought some hand sewing stuff to work with me  t_t"
oooh noooo! my motivation is goooone! ;  ;
this day should have ended before it began  i don't think i could be any more unhappy to be here  t_t
didn't go to sleep til around 4am  t_t i am quite literally powered by redbull right now  work is going to kill me today 
"wired as fuck and i just ran out of cording to finish vanille's belt  goddamn  i have to wait to do that shit tomorrow?! if i get near my bed, i know i'm going to crash like none other  gonna keep makin shit kaybye!"
"sooo   didn't sleep, but i pretty much finished my stuff  i just have to do vanille's belt and some small detail work  halfway packed too   smile  \\on a side note, i think cricket is going blind  i die a little every time she shows her age  ;  ; i don't want to think about it  gonna go give her loves before i leave for the weekend "
"uhh   wow  i dropped 10lbs  o o; i was wondering why my pants keep falling down  \my ass ran away! anyway, car is loaded to the brim with cosplay crap aaaaand off i go! \i'll see you guys soon!"
i found out something tonight that is turning my stomach nonstop  i don't know what to do and its killing me 
"stupid internet is dead at home  i'm not avoiding any of you! promise!! if you want to talk, those with the power of awesome have my cell number  shoot me a text any time   smile "
i have 3 awesome bride's maids  it took them less than 15 minutes to pick a dress  i are impress   laugh 
"turns out my manager is a lying sack  my asst  manager has no issues with me and we're going to talk to our store manager on tues for sure  we're both tired of his immature antics  if things don't change, he's getting my two weeks and thats that  huuuuge weight off my shoulders!"
hey dazbog! your wifi is sucking so bad i have to use my phone  wtf?
"hmm   i want to do a somewhat simple formal luka again  i just don't know if i want to do tailor of enbizaka or her dress from duke of venomania  one would be cool just for the fancy kimono (possibly bloody lol) and the other has a tentative group   but i may also piss someone off with it  ;  ;\\maybe tailor of enbizaka would be best since i like the person who may end up upset "
i could really go for a redbull or some coffee right now  ;  ;
can one of you pretend to be me today and go to work for me? i reallyreally don't want to go back there 
"godammit  can i just go home now? i'm not going to get out of here on time again and to top it all off, it sounds like my manager was a huge douche to a girl in the dept  next to ours over me helping her a few days ago  how anyone lets this asshole get away with half the shit he does is beyond me "
"this is what i hate about closing  i'm still friggin' wired and its almost 3am  to top it all off, i have to be up at 7 to be at work by 9 smile 0  oh, and no money for caffeine \\fuck  my  goddamn  life "
"ugh, trying to re-upload all of my old photos and albums is taking a lot more focus than i have right now  if you guys start getting spammed with my new stuff, ignore it  i swear i'm not attention whoring, they were all just that messed up and unorganized    annoyed \\also, wtf was i thinking when i tagged myself in all my own photos?! ffffffffffgod i'm retarded "
"oh yay  28 hours next week  joy of joys  i have to wonder how this came about   annoyed  i guess that gives me time to unpack all of my cosplay junk and pack some of my normal crap  <propmale> upside is time for ffxiii, mostly so i don't spend money "
"i\ bought sillybands, but since they are meant for children or people with\ skeletal wrists, they  seem to be cutting off the circulation in my arm  d: \since i like unrestricted blow flow to my extremities, i don't think i \will wear these sillybands "
"i guess i'm doing a medusa cosplay from souleater  anyone care to join me? maret, i'm looking at you, boyo!  love "
7 11's pumpkin spice latte tastes more like bananas  hitting a bunch of haunted houses in the ectocaaaaar  halloween is a month long holiday  totally bet
can i take a few weeks off of life? its getting to be as exausting and miserable as my job and it doesn't even pay me  bleh 
get me out of heeeeeere!! d: i just want to go home!
"fuckin' done with this wedding shit  i got my dress, i got my cake  i have no say in anything else now  way to go, assholes  leave me the hell alone "
<propfemale> driver: utena and gurren had an awesome baby  hot damn!
mmmm    konpeito   love 
snapea crisps are fuckin' delicious  i must consume this entire bag!! d:<
"okay   i'll play  \\i like it on my bedroom floor "
i have hour left of this craaaaaaap  let me go home now so i can sit on my ass and play some vidjagaaaaames 
"i need to stop buying t-shirts  i have too many! why, teefury! why?!"
"its way too early to be here again  guh  at least the two biggest irritations have the day off, but i have to stay 3 hours later than i was scheduled  damn "
ugh  i need a pizza 
beyond excited for next friday  so many fine wimminz   laugh 
i love me some life of the party here in fort collins  the people are amazingly cool and know their shit  i just got better <propmale> nye foundation to replace the not-as-pale-as-i-was-hoping revlon stuff i got for shirayuki  yay! progress resumes!
oooh i can download mew now! too bad my ds hates any connection i try to stick in on  d: uuuugh 
"new my little pony show  i hate the toys, but i am oddly okay with the show  applejack is cute but gimme back my toola roola!! d:<"
midnight release of how to train your dragon? yes please   laugh 
i have iiiiiit!!!  laugh dddddd dragon tiems!!!!
bluuuurrrrrg 
"theres some fucking moron at this party who reminds me of the other fucking moron i work with  every time i see him, i want to break his goddamn face  mostly because he reminds me of that asshole, a little because he stares at my boobs for a while whenever he says hi to me  fffffffff yuck  they are barely visible under a tee, you twatwaffle!!"
ugh  work  do not want 
goddammit! i can't find my flashdrive! that stupid thing has all my ps3 save files on it! i'll have to rip my room apart tomorrow after work 
idiot parade today  oh joy  i don't have enough redbull for this shit 
"all these halloween stores make me happy to know that the day is coming, but as soon as i walk in they make me cringe  too much awful in one spot  eesh "
i miss my turtles  ;   ;
"good morning to you too, jackass  you'd think old people would have learned to stop being whiny bitches sometime before 50   annoyed "
the fedex guy that delivered my sh nurse shoes just left me a message making fun of my voicemail   laugh  awesome!
meh 
bought slayers revolution  nostalgia bomb   love   love   love 
"this night just ended like it began  total shit   indecision  fuck  my  life  \anyone know what to do when one spills water all over a laptop? i turned it off right away, flipped it upsidedown and put a towel between the base and the screen  what else do i need to do worry about?"
"new teefury design makes me happy like sunshine and puppies  once i get paid tomorrow, its mine "
"well, hello 5am   i just watched a sub-par vampire movie and cleaned the shit out our laundry room  productivity stemmed from rage and depression! yay!"
"is this what a zombie hangover feels like? \\ugh  gotta go clean my turtles "
i require boba  why does foco not have a good boba place like lollicup?! looks like i'm going to get some as soon as i hit <propmale> on wedneday   laugh 
"dammit, teefury  you got me again  i thought i was going to be okay with designs i don't care about for 2 weeks or so  awesome monster designs are one of my secret downfalls "
"weeeee! thurs fri off and i'ma finish painting my nurse headmaskthing  \pumpkin spice latte just made my day so much better "
"two thing i learned tonight  slutspectre2 costume doubles as a glowstick  also, gay men are facinated by bright colors and shiny things   but i knew that already, just sorta forgot  it's been a while   smile "
mmm kokoro has chilled ramen  happy belly   smile 
been diggin' otome youkai zakuro 
"stuck at work, barely functioning on horrible sleep, wishing i had called in sick to be at the casket races  this is not a fair trade at all   sad "
"bleeeeh gonna smell like bleach all night now d: the white boards will be white though, so it's all good  tomorrow i'ma go nuts, maybe paint myself up like a sugar skull instead of doing the normal makeup   smile  i are excite  tonight though   i pass out for a loooong time   blah "
halloween weather was wonderful for once   its just really too bad i spent most of the night sick and feverish   sad 
"sick as hell  ;   ;  work is not gonna be possible when i feel like this  i hate having to call in, i always feel so guilty even if i have a legitimate problem "
shit  squenix released two apps   indecision  i have a feeling i'm going to get sucked into them like other people get pulled into cafe world or farmville  ffffffffffffffff 
anything that is green needs to get the hell out of my body rightnow 
"if i keep coughing like this for another week, i'll have mega-abs! i would rather not though   sad  kinda hurts "
"holy shit guys! we get it! its november 5th! how many of you assholes have to fucking post guy fawkes v for vendetta bullshit all over the goddamn place? o o this happens every friggin year, i swear!!"
"can i just die now, please?"
"my dad brought me antibiotics for my sinus infection last night and now i don't feel like my teeth are breaking anymore! i love my daaaaad  t_t \now i get to deal with my stupidjerk manager all day  good thing i only have a 5 hour shift today "
oh god  teefury did it again   love 
10 hour day?! wtf?! why?! there is no reason for it! augh!!!!!
its snowing a my house  fuck  take it back!! i don't want it!!
the aquabats had better play the baker again  that would make me so beyond happy   smile 
"why is it always 3am when the need to create something hits me? my sewing room table is a complete disaster  to get started on anything, i have to first do massive clean up  damn   indecision  thats just too much work!\\oh, and there's a boxelder bug in my room buzzing around and my room is a giant mess and i can't find it and murder it   fffffffff goddamn bugs!"
uuuugh i wish it didn't take amphigory over 2 weeks for ordering shipping  i really want to work on this wig now  i've had half of this project sitting around for a looong time and its about time i finish it!
lol antiduckface com makes me feel bad for making the same face even as a joke 
"just when i thought i had settled on a ndk nye thing, i go and change my mind  ugh "
"i know its only 3pm, but i want to crawl back into bed and sleep til tomorrow "
"i like working short shifts! i only have to deal with the moron for half an hour, then i'm home free! awesome!"
oh dear god!!! just let me go home!!  cry   this isn't worth the agony today!
"some days, dropping off the face of the earth and becoming a hermit again sounds like the best way to go   annoyed  i would like to think i've gotten stronger than that   maybe not "
mmmmm  love  i made my self a quesodilla(?) with green chili and steak  fuckin' delicious  totally makes up for my shit day  i kind of wish i had made two of them 
really? i can't keep my closed water bottle under the desk? you seriously don't mind me taking 3 or 4 minutes to walk back to the water fountain everytime i need water? i fail to see this being at all productive  asshats 
"<propmale>  motherfuckin  potter  \tonight  oh yeah  i've got to dig my hufflepuff uniform out of the mess that is my room "
in line for <propmale> potter  fuckyeeeeeah!!!
gonna go home and puke for a while  ;  ;  uuuuuuugh 
"oh pokemon, thank you for helping me make up my crazy brain for a new years costume  now i just have to muscle through the rest of tonight and feel <propfemale>"
"ha! there is no way in hell i'm gonna work on my day off! for one, <propmale> moron is working, two; i work on a holiday  things to do, people to avoid, and all that "
"ah, thus begins the season of hour cuts  i'm slightly okay with it just because of yesterday  i am tempted to pick up some dragonair supplies and brave hobbylobby michaels joann, but by the sounds of half of you people's status', i may spare myself the insanity  o o;;"
"ha! thanks to someone wonderfully intelligent at work, i might not be able to meet with the caterer or the florist for my own goddamn wedding! thanks guys! you make my life so easy to plan important things!"
oh god  bitch commander panty! this show kills me! i feel bad wanting to cosplay from it though  ah well 
watching cooking shows while i'm hungry was a baaaaaad idea 
"stupid backordering on stuff i want to get people!! d:< back to square one, i guess "
remind me again why i'm not a people-person? t_t  cry
"<propfemale> saved my day! food and flowers for my wedding are all set to go!\i would have been super pissed had i missed out today   laugh "
i ur smurt  i dropped my phone in a glass of water  lets see how long it holds out lol 
"again, my manager is a twatwaffle when it comes to scheduling  i have three days off   and not of them are together  what  the  fuck  oh well, i guess this means i stay home and get stuff done here!"
"some people require a beating to make up for the fact that they exist  tell me how to do my goddamn job and you don't work here? beating  talktalktalktalk about worthless shit that isn't even true? beating  this list could go on, people  i've had a long day "
"ah, today is a concealer and mascara only day  now i'm 30 <propfemale> ahead of where i usually am before work  feelsgoodman  \tomorrow is fabric shopping and starting a set of luka headphones   smile  woo!"
"whargarbl  \\need moar redbull  7 is a little too late for me here   and my closing manager makes weird goat sounds that creep me out a little  i might be kinda weird myself right now  o o;;"
woooooah someone in the postal service is working their ass off hardcore  i got my dragonair wig today  o o; it normally would have taken the better part of a month! woo!
nurarihyon no mago makes me happy like sunshine 
"played me some fokelore all day  its been forever since i've had the time to sit down and play anything that long, so i don't feel too bad about being completely unproductive "
i have a feeling work is not going to be worth getting out of bed for today   annoyed  hopefully i'm helping someone intelligent close tonight  blugh  i want to go home and work on headphones and headpieces 
augh! where the hell is my wig standyclampy thingy?! i need it! i don't want to buy a new one! d:
"now that i bought a new wig clamp, i fully e playful ect to find the one i misplaced soon  ffffffffffffff "
i'm still at work  why?! d:
"pro-life groups; do not call my cellphone  1  it's a private number  2  you twats have been calling me twice a week  why? 3  you're assholes  no call list me, bitches    angryrant"
"i should be adding wefts to my dragonair wig and painting wings, but i'm watching scrooged with the rents and my kebbins  fair trade i say "
"ah, hooray for progress  double hurray for sleeps "
"i should be working on my dragonair wig, but i am too easily distracted  ;  ;  putting wefts into a wig is so booooring!  whine"
"woo!! i have two days off in a row next week! someone must have heard me bitching! also, tron legacy midnight showing   love "
<propfemale> driver makes me hnnnnnnnnng   love  manticore cosplay? yes  very yes  too much fabulous not to!
"ahh, turtles are clean, but now lacking rocks in their tank  it doesn't look as pretty, but it'll be much easier to clean from now on  looks like we came up with names now! <propmale> and roswell "
"awesome boots, why must you be $50? i don't have that kind of moneys yet   sad "
ffffffffff the internet was murdered while i was in <propmale>  lame 
"why am i always stuck at work when my creativity hits? i just want to cast some resin, sew some wefts, cut out some fabric, and   hell, i know its not making anything, but a nap would be nice "
i feel bad  i caved and got breakfast at mcdonalds   sad  fatty mcfatfat 
just   ugh 
i'ma get lasers in mah eyes!  laugh 
"ffffff the lasik people dilated my eyes, so now i have my face thisclose to my screen  i really hope they were lying when they said this would last up to two days!"
tron made my inner costuming nerd cry   because i know i can never aspire to that level of cool  ;  ;
"i think someone put food in my turtle tank and now it's all dirty  thanks  now i have to come back and clean it  until then, their tank is going to be gross  urgh "
home nao plz?  sad 
bleh  internet is still dead  the fact that i got my purple circle lenses in for dragonair today makes up for it  they're so preeeetty  too bad the lasik will make them obsolete and i'll have buy new plano ones  dammit 
i hate the mornings where its beyond difficult to wake up and haul my ass out of bed  ;   ;
paint fumes  d: auuuuugh! my brains are melting!
   i have a feeling today isn't going to be all that great    ffffffffff 
i loves me some mad greens  dionysis with bacon and chicken hnnnnnnng 
i wanna go see tangled again  listening to the soundtrack makes me happu   smile 
i need to change my default soon  i'm beginning to think i look like a pokemon   t_t crazy is setting in 
awwww <propfemale> and <propmale> got a present for my kitties!  love  so cuuuute!  laugh 
i cannot e playful ress enough how amazingly awesome and wonderful my friends are  you guys are seriously the best and i'm beyond blessed that you have the <propfemale> to put up with me   love  thank you! i love you guys!
*&t#yugc78bbbb brain is broken by the gift i just received from my grandma  holy and shit  there has to be a mistake  o o;;;
"is it just some people's mission to try and make food servicetards like me, miserable on a holiday? really? i had to do this on thanksgiving and you do it to me again? <propfemale> fuckin' christmas to you too! i hope <propfemale> gives you dog poopies in your stocking!"
"lol in granby with kevin   no interwebs  lame  anyway, <propfemale> christmas, friends!  kiss "
i had a derp moment last night and bought a new filter instead of actual filter filters for my turtles  huuuurr  i returned it today   and had to really stop myself from walking out with one of the super cute ball pythons  dem widdle noses! x3
dammit  i forgot to go to lowe's on my lunch and buy magnets for my dragonair glowy neckball   sad (((( i made the mistake of going to sephora instead   oops 
coffee with no sugar and a ton of creamer? not good   but its free  is this a fair trade? o o;;
"i know i've probably said this before   but my closing manager is a giant snatchcracker   annoyed  you guys need to cut hours but for some reason i can't go home a little early? i'll just sit here and watch the delitard \wash\"" dishes and pretend to work  sounds like the most productive thing to do at this point """
"how many cashiers at <propfemale> does it take to create a long line? \\two and a very talkative old lady \\augh "
"its a foofy hair day! then again, i have that problem pretty much every morning  too bad i gotta shove it all in a hat   sad  byebye foofy hair "
mmmmm oolong tea and roll cafe  double crunch rolls are wubberfulls  x3 then i go home to try and put my horrible room and sewing room back together  maybe make a pattern for my superjup collar and cast some resin  woo!
"<propmale> + beads = not much sleep  \\stupid cat "
"dammit  i tried to avoid robot unicorn attack ever since i heard about it  \i played for the first time today \hello, addiction  my, are you are a difficult bitch to shake "
i have just been informed that i'm still getting blamed for silly shit  i don't know whether to laugh or be a little miffed  laughing seems like the more appropriate response this time around  lol  lol  lol 
"the war of the worlds musical is stuck in my head  thanks, <propfirst> "
not feelin' the whole 'going to work' thing today   annoyed  not good 
"some lady decided to try and kill me with her minivan  not only did she park superclosewtf, but while i eas squeezing between her car and mine to get into my car, she decides she's going to pull out and scrape he fucking car over my back  bitch grazed my heels with her back wheel! who the hell does that?! o o;;;"
getting sick  fffffffffffuuuuuu!!!
finally! tonight its not my face thats keeping the guys away!! this engagement ring is like casting shield and protect!! awesome!  laugh 
"just finished dyeing a couple of wigs, and i forgot to bring along my 90% to clean my hands  red haaaaaands!"
worst feeling ever? i have a zit in my ear  that shit hurts 
so tired ;   ;  i just want to go get my 40gal tank from petco and go home  i have to wait til 6 though  blugh 
"i don't know what it is, but the marinara pasta stuff that the pizza hut in target puts out is pure delicious  i kinda wish i hadn't horked it down so fast   sad "
i'm having way too much fun on this deco site   yeesh 
"i don't give a shit if you served our country and defended my freedom blahblahblah  if you've been working in a deli for almost a year and you still can't make tuna salad correctly or wash dishes properly, then get the fuck out and let someone else do the job right!  rant "
i want to go home  now  i have <propmale> projects that are calling my name 
i get new eyeballs today  that is all 
"horking down left over krispy kreme and pizza rolls, all while sitting on my ass playing some folklore  my god, what have i become?!"
hookah with a couple hotties  feelsgoodman 
awww shirtwoot is cute today  no monies  no shirtwoot for me  i cry now 
"weeeeeh i want my shiny entei nooooow, i dunwanna wait for mondaaaaay  whinewhinewhine  dx"
it's so nice to know how important needed i am in any aspect of my life  *eyeroll*
<propmale> is hunkered outside my bedroom door waiting to get at the feeder rat i have in here  d: no <propfemale>! its snakey's ratteh!
vanilla macaroon granola + strawberry yogurt = hnnnggg
"ffxiii-2  i don't know how i feel about it, but i know lightning's new design gave me the biggest girlboner ever  ever  looks like i'd better start brushing up on how to do full on armor, because it just screams to be done "
closing tonight  do  not  want 
"ugh  this night better end fast  i'm getting more and more irritated the more i'm stuck by myself to think  i'll go home and rewatch that ffxiii-2 teaser again and make myself feel better   also, entei event not working at the gamestop i work by? fuckthatnoise  d: i have to wait til tomorrow for my shiny enteis!! fffffffuuuuuuuu "
goodbye mr  feederrat #1  i hardly knew ye  at least you enjoyed some peanut butter toast before my fatty mcfatfat snake horked you down  you were stinky and noisy anyway 
i feel like i'm losing my mind 
looks like good ol' co is still bipolar as hell! i was beginning to worry for a bit there! too bad i have to go out and drive around and deal with other people 
"i dunno if its what i ate for dinner or anxiety shit thats doing it, but i'ma throw-up   sad (("
"the last person who i ever thought would hurt me, did  feels so good to be me right now  gonna play some pokemon to help me forget for a little while "
"waking up to harsh sunlight and the sentiment that i've been wasting all of my  time and potential, among other things, is not exactly the best way to start a day  fuck you, world  i don't give up that easily  you gotta try harder than that!"
"squenix, please put a release date out for parasite <propfemale> 3rd birthday  i just may require it to keep on living my life "
"best day ever! i get to babysit, which is actually just me doing everything as fast as i can so this asshole doesnt fuck too much up, but i'm not going to fix anything he does ruin just so he gets called out on this crap  come oooon 1 smile 0!"
"cool! i get a couple more hours since my closer went home sick!  laugh  also, no more tardboy! awesome!! i'ma go home, finish some sewing and play some vidja gaaaaames! excite!"
hnnng new shirt woot 
"a friendly message to all of my guy friends; i love you, but i love my girls more  mess with any of my lovelies in any way, i will hunt you down and you will recieve appropriate punishment  please keep that in mind  \have a nice day   smile "
allmyrage  > indecision 
pokemon b w mall tour?! augh!! yeeeeeeaaaaaah!!!  love   love   love 
huuuurp durp  fighting me a giant headache   indecision  i don't like it 
blaaaaaarg 
my day has been a nonstop riot 
i really hope i can close this place down a bit early  i just want to go back to <propfirst>'s and curl up on the couch 
dammit  <propfirst> got me hooked on <propfemale> tail   indecision   my weakness for kitties has been plaaaaayed!
"wow   i may not have a job due to the fact that i have a life  this is bullshit  best morning ever, guys! uuuugh   long week needs to end now "
ffffffuuuuuu teefury!!! *bought* goddammit 
"eerrrggg  guts are in an uproar  no sleep  i know this is the right thing to do, but it really really sucks   sad "
"these dazbog baristas have some decent taste in music, then comes linkin park and i'm like a crazed weasel, digging for my ipod  imagine my dismay when its out of juice  ffffffffuuuuuuuuuuck my day "
blarg  rsums are stupid  :<
lol i just may have to change <propfemale>'s name to houdini  she just forced the latches open from the inside of her tank and got out  > laugh  snake hunt in my room! good thing i'm still awake and she didn't make it too far  yeesh!
things should be interesting today   annoyed 
whargarbl 
"why is it every time i go to pre-order games, the guy at the register has to ask if its for me? really? dude, i'm reserving fuckin' dissidia 2  its like the girliest game next to friggin kingdom hearts and cooking mama  o o;;"
"i require spaghetti-o's  i don't know why, i just do "
eeeeeee!! mcdonalds has my little pony toys in their happy meals!!  laugh dddddddd so much happy!!
don't forget your shiny suicune today!  laugh  also  ash's pikachu is available at toys r us  yaaaaay pokies!
 confidential  the teaser <propmale> for pandora's tower reeeeeally makes me want a new tat  yuh-oh 
oh god   new teefury   do want  ;   ;  i'ma pass though 
i wish kamui cosplay would make more videos tutorials  she's just too freaking adorable!  laugh 
"dammit! i brought the paints i needed, but not the stupid airbrush to use them! ;   ; so smurt "
"i'm in a hysterical state of fuckyeah!!!! right now  i am supremely happy, but kinda durp at the same time  heres hoping things on my end can be fixed "
draaaaaaaank  laugh  but had such a great time with the frunds!  love 
i don't like being sick  nope  :<
i think the cold meds <propfirst> gave me just made me feel worse  ;   ;
goddammit teefury!!! d:<<<<
;  ; augggh i feel so weak and drained of any kind of energy  stupid sick! go away! i don't like you!
the pikachu hoodie <propfirst> got me is all snuggly  x3 loooooove!
i'm probably going to pee my pants if i see any more pictures from the pokemon mall tour  plushies!!  love 
herp derp 
i'ma gonna spend my night watching my little pony  :b don't judge me 
fb is all jacked up on my phone   whaaaat ze fack? d:
pokies pokies pokiiiiiies  laugh  neeeeeeeeeeeerd 
"d: should i be upset that i got stood up on <propfirst>'s day   for another guy? \\wat  8|"
awwwww!! <propfirst> came to foco to see me   and got me the rest of the mcd's mlp toys! best fiance ever   laugh ddd loooooove!
"ooooh tactics ogre today!  smile  no monies for mvc3, so that wll have to wait    sad  i wanted to play with x-23 and ame-puppy  poo  i'll just cry a little everytime one of you guys mention it "
"i feel so retarded  i woke up at 7 smile 0 thinking i had to be at work by 9 smile 0   and when i got there, i was reminded i wasn't supposed to be there until 1 smile 0 \huurrrrrrrr duuurrrrrr!"
i   i'm not liking the way tonight is looking  not enough red bull  need moar 
"workie makes me hurtie   sad   by the time i'm 40, my knees are gonna be shot  yaaaaaaay "
blugh  i need to start going back to the gym   annoyed 
workin' on touko for next weekend   smile  durpdur 
"new lenses for touko  thank god for mills shit hooker stores, i need them for impulse cosplay choices "
augh! i need to watch all the new eps  of everything i'm watching before i go home! d: cramcramcram!
"i don't think i slept last night, just pretended to  ;   ;   today is gonna hurt a little "
we got the whiny bitch brigade here today! oh joy! do your work and stay out of my face or i'm gonna have to slap a bitch 
hooray for boobies!
"if this guy were any more useless, he'd probably be a corpse \\wishful thinking   indecision "
"how is it that when i want to get done with work early, i always get done late?! balls!!\\also, facebook needs to stop suggesting that pocky pirate asshole to be my friend! d:<  never!!!! you hear me facebook?! your friend suggestions suck!!"
the truffle fries at big <propmale>'s in foco are nearly orgasmic  just sayin' 
kraft <propmale> and cheese has got to be one of the best things ever   smile 
"i sure hope i have the energy to sew when i get home tonight  otherwise i'll have no time to do anything til friday night  ;  ;  i'm lucky touko is easy as far as contruction goes  uuuugh, just dat bag  that will have to wait til wasabi methinks "
uuuugh my b w trainer boots are two sizes too big  looks like i'll have to stuff them and just get a the 7's before wasabi   sad  poooooop 
"this music is going to drive me to suicide  i hope there is a special place in hell for <propmale> and garfunkle and all the \artists\"" from the 50's-70's  this isn't music! it's pain """
"theres a reason why mcdonalds coffee is free   it tastes like shiiiiiiiiiiiit  ah well, the free breakfast sandwich coupon made up for it "
dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks
pokemon mall tour at 10am? we're hardcore nerds  drop 50$ on plushies? i'm just not going to eat much for the next week and be fuckin happy about it!!!
"so many pokemons  ;  ;  i wanna pass out for a while, but i gotta keep going "
i can english pretty good  its going to be a loooong day 
"i just want to crawl back into bed  ;  ;\it's also free pancake day at ihop, and i don't have <propfirst> to eat them with   sad  sad shaunners is sad "
my turtlecookies are crying for me to clean their icky tank  its such a pain int the ass compared to <propfemale>'s tank   sad  hauling water up and down stairs is no bueno  *blugh*
veryveryvery tempted to trade in my dsi for the limited edition pokemon dsi   confidential  hnnnngwantsobad!
"thats it! on my lunch break, i'm going to go reserve the pokemon black dsi bundle and trade in my dsi  hopefully i can cancel my black reserve so i don't have two copies of the game    smile "
wooooo!!! i am now the awesomly proud owner of a limited edition pokemon black dsi!!! fuckyeah!! my excitement cannot be contaaaaaained!!! blaaaarrrggitywooooo!!!  laugh 
a somewhat decent day goes down the shitter pretty fast when you have to clean up after a retard and then get yelled at by an irate frenchman for asking him to do his job  yeesh 
i traded my dsi a bit too soon  i needed to do more trading! d: daaaaaamn! guess i have to wait til sunday when i get my new one   annoyed 
summer wars  love  finally!
"coffeecoffeecoffeeredbull  o o\\oh, and pokemon "
it needs to be 9am tomorrow rightnow   indecision  i want my pokies and my new dsi 
the wait is driving me up the walls  o o;;; i need to sleep!
"uuuugh work is getting in the way of my pokemon! at least i'm in a good mood and can sort of tolerate the fucktard i work with  6 surprise 0 needs to come fast, but not so fast i can't get most of my work done  then i start all over again tomorrow at 7am  *phew* lunch is for pokies!  laugh "
"fffffffff my hands arms nails are stained yellow, orange, and red from rapidash's wig  ;  ; i keep scrubbing them, but its not coming oooooooff  i'm gonna have to soak them in 90% alcohol "
kill me now  ;   ;
"goddammit!! ambition for rapidash just got squashed unless i find a whole bunch of time to work on it this week, and its looking bleak \ugh, i wish i had the freedom to just call in sick for a day just for that "
"uuuugh i'm starting to drag now   at least i got to work with someone i miss toooons in the deli  smile  i hope we get our \dream team\"" back together soon  \",b79b72756d54314966966f2ca093c98c,"oh, rapidash dress, you are kinda slutty   do not know if want  >>;;"
"ya know, the new shirt woot would be cute   if the iphone weren't throwing the \i love you\"" sign intending to be the horns   annoyed """
"my lunch is over, but i would much rather sit and finish my coffee   playful  i'm done with all the rushing tonight  i get to do that when i get home   sad "
"i just crammed half a box of blueberry mulitgrain ego waffles into my face  i feel slightly less guilty about it seeing as they were \healthy\"" """
redbull!! into my veins!! dx
now okamiden and pokemon must fight for my love!
all the people with bbq going during the parade? you suck!! d:<
my mad hatter is somewhat lacking without the gloves   sad  i are sad i forgotted them 
auuugh i don't want to get sick again! d: make it go away!!
whur is mah dsi chargeeeeer?! i need it to keep living!
i really hope this sickness blows over fast  i can't take another bout of this crap again  ;   ;
hnnngggg it's flipflop barefoot weather!! why must i be at work?!
ffffffff <propmale> is a bad influence  someone hit him for me  he whines too much when i do it!
weeeeeeh! panic! at the disco comes to town on june 28th  i wannagowannagowannagooooooo!!! d:
"i want to know where who i got this cold from, so i can properly punch someone in the nads  \i feel like shit  i don't like it  i'm gonna be a whiny little bitch about it!"
it always astounds me how quickly <propfemale> can hork down a decent sized rat 
"i took some nyquil before i went to bed last night and now i feel <propmale> over and numb  \that was a baaaad idea  blugh "
hoshit battle annoyed  a  was awesome   but i really to see want sucker punch now 
i had two red bulls and it feels as if i'm vibrating at a speed where i can pass through solid objects  my brain is spiting out starfest costume ideas at me at light speed and i think my pen is going to burn straight through the paper i'm putting it to  @_@;;; why does it not have this effect on me when i need it and don't have work the next morning?!
new panic album and dissidia 2 drop on the same day  can you see my brain e playful loding yet?
omgomgomg the character designer <propmale>ist for adventure time is drawing <propmale> for our wedding invitations!!!! eeeeeee!!!
"new my little pony ep, some pokemon, then passing out   love  i call that a great night "
the meat dept  where i work got some shark fillets in  i got a couple for me and my da' to try   smile  i can't waaaait! so hungry!
augh! finally that stupid victini stayed in a ball! f
i now understand why <propfirst> was so whiny about my pokemon trainer gear being left at his place! the watch xtranceiver goes off at 11:58 every night  d:
going into work with an eye-stabbing migrane  ;  ; do not wike 
"it would be nice if people would start doing some research before they start to point fingers about trivial things   or ya know, find something more productive to do  just sayin' "
"great, i have a fever  why can't i just be healthy for a while? i miss it "
"dissidia 2 today! once again, i'm going to be stuck at work instead of playing it  ah, such is life  poopy "
my stomach feels like its on fire and i'm stuck at work til 10  i'm not enjoying this whatsoever  ;  ; i feel like crying  how stupid!!
"slept all day to ignore a fever  ugh  its gone, but now i have to deal with a massive headache and the same burning stomach problems as before  this all just needs to go away "
"fuck you, stomach!! dx<"
"my first er visit? this isn't interesting, this is bullshit  d:"
i'm trying to convince <propfirst> that its a great idea to get me hopped up on the vicodin the doc gave me and go see sucker punch to see how whacked out i get  probably not going to happen though   playful 
"more ponies tomorrow!  love  ponies make everything better, especially since i now have the boys hooked on it "
fffffffff!!!! youtube just removed the account that supplied me with my little pony on time every week  allmyrage  give me back my ponies!!!!
is it just me or is the vast majority of the cosplay anime gaming community made up of fucking whackjobs?
blackandyellowblackandyellowblackandyellowblackandyellow 
"health takes a nose dive at the height of my night and theres work tomorrow  why do you suck so much, immune system? why u do dis?"
socrackedoutritenao  omfg 
"i wish i could go home, break into my giant box of ponies and just roll in them "
"ffffffffff buy tangled or pay off 3rd birthday pre-order?! i hate these choices i must make!\\lucky me, <propfirst> already downloaded tangled so i know what i'm doing!"
yaaaay! rightstuf! is releasing boxsets for utena! i so happy!
fffffffff best buy was out of pascal plushies to go with the blu-ray  stuuuupid!!
mmmm i'm so glad marykay is back  she gives me yummies that help me not murder my useless coworker  x3
o o i wanna go home now  this just feels bogus tonight  i'm tired of running to get things finished just because someone else didn't do their job properly 
hnnnnng bbq pork burrito from qdoba  i can eat 3 if i had the money today  sogood 
"holyshit!!! i forgot about easter <propfemale>!!! d: i love you, walgreens!!"
"i feel like i'm going crazy  i had bought something last week and i could have sworn i saw it in my online bank statement   but now that i'm trying to track the order, i find out that the order isn't not in my history at all! o o; guh  i needed that! what a pain in the ass!"
finally looked into the new tomb raider  a <propfemale> croft design that is not completely ridiculous? i'msookaywiththis 
"i'm so fucking done with people today  i have had it with having to deal with the bullshit, the whining, the incompetence, and the stupidity  my tolerance has been exhausted  today is a \don't fuck with shauna \"" day  i'm about to unleash on the next bitch to cross my path  you've been warned """
"also listening to teenage pre-midtwenties girls talk about guys is absolutely maddening  sorry sweety, just because a guy tells you you're pretty but would rather <propfemale> out with his friends does not mean he's gay  it means you're pretty, but you are dull as fuck  accept it, move on, stop making me listen to your whinefest while i'm on my break   what a waste   rant "
"insidious = darth maul is a pedo \\save your 8 50  you'll thank me later "
life as i know it is crumbling around my ears  i'm terrified and i need you all to help me be strong  i can't do it by myself right now 
hey guys! thanks for the prayers and good vibes  my family and i packed up our belongings and animals around 1am last night and saw the fire climb over the ridge leading to our home just as we drove off  we're in a hotel in loveland right now  the one neighbor that stayed to take care of their buffalo called a moment ago to let us know that they think the fire just missed our place 
