a8fa4c073dd93f8986eac2a528733a71
do you think <propfemale> and <propmale> <propmale> had good sex?
gots me facebook back
god damn womanhood  
must fix fuses!!
i got my car passed!  no more illegal driving!
bang bang bang bang!
"someone, please, rip out my teeth"
booga matches!
gwwaaaarr!!!
i'm goin' shootin'!
i want my jacket now!
started the new year off right with a kiss from my baby!
what is my name?!
i want my damn jacket!  fucking <propfirst> watson!
one lifetime gone and now my soul is dead  the angels just shake their heads 
is really craving roadhouse rolls  
what is my name?!
i don't want to do this anymore
"<propfirst> <propfirst> johnston, june 22, 1987 - january 30, 2010   i love you, and i will miss you so much   where ever you and mama and <propfirst> are, we hope you're having a blast "
i love my family
"standing in the rain with one coin for a phone booth call  oh <propfemale>, the station told me that they didn't even know your name "
twoo wweeeeks!
to take it easy is not that easy when time is a bitch 
first day of spring! time to break out the short shorts
anybody want to come to glamis with me?
"lost my phone, everybody call it, see what asshole might have it "
i can't stop smelling my fingers   goddamn cheeseburger  
"has insurance! well, starting at midnight "
"just got back from bendover, all packed for cali, too much traveling for one day  "
earthquakes are fuckin' cool!
wisdom tooth kills  shoot  me 
"on the road again, can't wait to get some tacos and pina coladas"
"tacos, cheeseburgers, and pizza  now that's a well rounded meal!"
so raw  
my feet hurt  !
"seriously needs a mcqueen marathon, who's down? i'm down  "
"by the sword in my hand, i will conquer the land  i will decimate and decapitate those who question the sword in my hand "
is falling in love with coheed all over again
ooohh my baby maker  
no words can describe   
is torn
neither gwar nor clutch are coming to salt lake this summer! fuck you guys!
so sick of this coughing shit  
"zanex makes getting tattooed so much better, call me a pussy, i don't care, i'd like to see you sit still when you're getting your rib cage drilled!"
i have bronchitis  !
"i've felt the coldness of my winter, i never though it would ever go  i cursed the gloom that set upon us, but i know that i love you so "
see the titie klitie hootie boogie woogie wicked girl   the sign of a pretty prickly ladies walking around with wicked souls 
guess what?
hopes the guilt will go away  
knows true bliss
why can't it be sunday already?! stupid time  
"tear the finals a new asshole, baby!"
damn utah and its shitty mexican food  
"applied at acs, i've got my fingers crossed  !"
"anybody have an old t-mobile phone with a full keyboard? i know beggars can't be choosers, but i'm begging you! i can't go back to a normal phone! i can't!"
baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby!!!
would anyone like to make 9 bucks an hour? i will refer you to acs!
it's almost 1 in the afternoon and i can barely keep my eyes open  
god i love this man  
"bronchitis, then strep throat  thanks, god "
"god i want to finish this tattoo   damn jeep, taking up all my income  "
"mmmmm, baby  "
stupid empty bed  
awesome day at the ballpark with mah babeh
i'm squishin' up my baby bumblebee  
"spent two hours by the pool today and finished moving into the new lehi house! congratulations, summers family!"
ugh   i wish i was in your comfy <propmale>  
every time i see your face i have an irresistable urge to smash it  
if you don't get up i'm going to smack you   with my balls 
i miss my baby cakes!
"hey everybody, i can't text at the moment, so contact me on this bitch for the time being, unless it's important enough to call me "
thanks for you birthday wishes you sexy people   i had the best birthday yet! love you baby!
drinkin' my whiskey  
"dear lord, please bless us with central air  "
that's the second time i've been told i look like <propfirst> lively  
can't wait for wendover!
hey everybody! i got a new phone! so text me your names and stuff  801 512 4925
"wendover was awesome! my hands smell like chicken, i should probably shower "
happy birthday mammy!  you're so old!
my bed sucks without my baby in it  
aw babeh! you mah babeh   
<propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst>!
"some scum of the earth stole my zune out of my jeep, i'm having a fantastic fucking day!"
got a jobby!!
i hate that it's already august  
"desi, go to bed!"
my shoulder is fucked  
"baby, i need you so much right now  "
"indeed, i fell asleep many times"
"our love is strong, with you there is no wrong  "
still waitin' for that lortab to kick in  
one week turned into an eternity  my baby is here to stay!
"i don't care about my hunchback, i get to spend the rest of the foreseeable future with my darling man  "
shoot me in the face 
"got me some percocets, no sand slut to steal them this time! ahaha!"
"but mr  mchaggis, i've only just met you!"
lacks motivation   why should i get out of bed  ?
"i am not the type to faint when things are odd or things are quaint, but seeing things you know that ain't can certainly give you an awful fright!"
one reason i want to move out:  i am so sick of hearing those two have sex! fuck!
everything pisses me off  
"went to the greek festival, ate too much, nearly had what would have been a hilarious run in with an ex, got harassed by a bum, made fun of some hippies, had a different kind of incredible yet unspeakable e playful erience, and at the end of this eventful day, i am still wide awake  "
"all alone at work, come get coffee and smoke some hookah!"
"ok people, i work at the lounge at 7 today, we will be dead, and i will be bored, so come smoke!"
sleep   please  
my baby is gorgeous  
can't wait 'til the sun comes up  
come smoke some hookah and watch the game at huka lounge!
"once again, the only person to come keep me company at work is my baby"
"very chill night at huka, er'body should came <propfemale>!"
some people need to learn  the difference between sexy and slutty
come see your best <propmale> desi at the huka lounge!
i could definitely get used to working ten to six everyday  
burnin' wood and watchin' the blood fly!
"i love my \job\"""""
does beating your servants dirty your hands? try the peasant prodder!
"everybody cone smoke it up at the huka lounge! good tunes, great food, and of course, me!"
"come watch the u game and smoke some tasty hookah at the huka lounge! we'll be there all night, so come see us!"
know what you guys need? some nice hot coffee from the huka lounge! come grab a cup and a smoke
"tired! starving! shitty bed, no food   someone make a pot roast  "
i need another job!
still not sleeping  
come see me at the huka lounge! i'll make you some delicious hot chocolate!
oh my bored! somebody come smoke some hookah with me!
"five dollar huka sundays! enjoy some half price sushi, delicious seasonal treats, and watch <propfirst> favre throw away the vikings' reputation!"
i might e playful lode from and ecstasy overload due to clutch and black label society   if only my baby was going with me    broke ass!
raised by druids and horses 
come celebrate our birthday! it's the huka bar & grill's 5th anniversary! seek shelter from the storm while enjoying a steaming cup of marley coffee!
mmmm   baby  
nothin' says rock n' roll like chocolate cake 
totally forgot how much womanhood sucks sometimes   ooooww!
"tryptophan, you delicious bastard  "
"by the way, the name's <propmale>, but if you like, you can call me sensei"
memories of hard times past keeping me up  hope they don't influence my dreams  
gin and redbull!
change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? not to see a human face on here until monday december 6th  do this to show your support against child abuse and invite your friends to do the same!
it's almost as if my diaphragm is trying to communicate using morse code  
"6 99 for a liter and a half of white zinfandel, cheap wine is tits!"
i feel even worse! sinus infections and hookah do not mix  
i just woke up   fml
"popcorn and wine, classy"
why in god's name do i look back to spring '10? stupid wall posts piss me off!!!
smelly wieners asscrack! i'm <propfirst>  
ssoooo bored!
"moooneeey!! you're going down, medical bills!"
anybody got some white wine for me? trade ya for a nearly full bottle of merlot!
"been supressing this all day, about time i just let it out   where the hell is my wine  "
the thing i hate most is that i don't even know why i'm crying
"working 'til 6 pm today, come <propfemale> out with me!"
so hungry! sooouuupp!
finally got myself a photoshoot
"oh yoga, how i've missed you  "
"never trust a white man driving a black <propfirst>, he's just saving all his voodoo for you!"
just kill me  
bubble guts
"i want soup, again, well, always   somebody bring me soup at work! and grab a coffee while you're there!"
you guys like live music? come see natural incense play some acoustic grooves at the huka lounge! first live show on our stage! don't miss it!
"no better way to wake up than next to a big, warm, cuddly man  "
"burned myself a million times tonight, that's thursday for ya   "
fuckin' hookah headaches   
"get away from slash you auto-tune, dayglow prostitute!"
i seriously want to go to a buffet  
anyone wanna go get some pho  ?
