e68df042e51e500e551dd60704b7e47d
do you really want to know lmao
"if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and i  it can be anything you want, good or bad  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you!"
i have lost my mind and have gone to find it   if it should return before i do please ask it to stay and wait for me     thank you   
party tomorrow night wahoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo finally a night out for the queen         smile 
taking all my meds and crashingggggggggggggggg outttttttttttttttt good night to all and to all a gooooddddddddddddd niteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
hmmm the mind is blankkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
enjoying my drama free day        stoooookeeeeeeeeeeedddddddd
duhhhhhhhhhh nuttin
would love to be drunk right about now     
i would like to go away and not be surrounded by a bunch of idiots    does anyone know of such a place?????????? aren't you glad you got to hear from me hahahhahahah
once i thought i was wrong but i was only mistaken      
i dare anyone to stress me out    hahahah  i am only serious    lol
dammit i just went outside and stepped in some snowman poop   who wants to clean my shoes off?
is giving thanks to  the one's that are there but wondering what's wrong with the one's who aren't        
actually the mind is blank just like i want it to be      
<propmale> and i have been together almost 7 years and no were not married   not sure if i will ever do that one again   lol
if i told you i would have to kill you      
going off to la la land does anyone want to go with me?
"i am not perfect and i don't do alot of things right, but when i look into the eyes of my two beauitiful girls   i know i did at least two things perfectly "
i want to thank god for the strength he has given me to <propfemale> the burdens i am dealing with in my life at this time     
i was just thinking when i die they better bury me upside down with my ass sticking up so the whole damn world can kiss it     
"to anyone who wants to yap there mouths   i stepped up to the plate when no one else did so until you walk in my shoes and step up to the plate to, do not judge or run your chopsuckers because you don't have a clue    have a nice day "
those who don't like me it's mind over matter    i don't mind and you don't matter
"you might look into seeing a proctologist, your head is shoved really far up your ass!"
"the police sent me a photo of my car speeding, so i sent them a picture of my check "
: marijuana because sometimes your friends just aren't that funny
i am so bored this is totally lame     
"i'll admit i'm a handful  unfortunately most women won't repost this  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best  that's why it takes a real man to be able to put up with me!     repost if your woman enough! "
copy this into your status and see what people rate you      1 crazy  2 i'd marry you  3 talkative  4 sarcastic  5 beautiful  6 smart  7 moody  8 dumb  9  spoiled  10 mouthy  11 random  12 hot  13 funny  14 fit  15 amazing  16 tough  17 cute  18 bf gf type  20 the best  21 freak  22 quiet  23 workaholic  24 adorable  25 down to earth
i am asking all my facebook friends to please pray for my mother she has been very sick and is in the icu at city hospital   thank you
i am sorry but i do not do farmville  
was offered a job at a mental institution ~ all i have to do is spend 24 hours with a freaky deaky nut   ~    i've got a big box of crayons   wanna chill?
did you hear about the blonde who tried to blow up her husband's car?  she burned her lips on the tailpipe 
"went to anger management class today and got kicked out, they said i needed an exorcist  i don't know why   my head only spun around twice this time!"
i wanted to thank everyone who has been praying for my mom    there isn't anything else the doctors can do for her but make her comfortable until the good lord takes her home    i am very sad and depressed  today        sad 
i have lost my mind and gone to look for it   if it should return before i do  please make it stay till i get back    thank you
i just wanted  to say   fibromyalgia sucksssssssssssssssssssss   grrrrrr   &  f*** people who think it isn't for real        
omg when is it going to stop    a very close friend of mines funeral was last evening and then i got the call my oldest daughter <propfemale>'s  dad passed away last night    my heart hurts for my baby     please pray fro her    <propmale>
"while you scream at your woman, there's a \man wishing he could talk softly to her ear  while you humiliate, \offend & insult her, there's a man flirting with her & \reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt her, there's a \man wishing he could make love to her  while you make her cry \there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if \you're against domestic violence"
all i can say is fuckit     sorry if i offend anyone     but that's how i feel
jlet's see who is paying attention    every single one of you is on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision i am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family!let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really is   i <propfemale> friendships
"it's o k  to talk to yourself, it's even o k  to yell and curse   but there will be no hitting!!!"
is it just me or does anyone else think facebook is starting to be kinda lame?????
i wish i spoke idiot so i could tell them off in their own language!
"the word of the day is focus  when someone annoys the sh*t out of you, think focus (fu*k off cuz ur stupid)!"
sticks and stones may break my bones but your words will never hurt me so shut your mouth and kiss my ass or your body may never be found  amen 
happy fathers day to all the fathers on facebook    
i think someone needs to e playful lain the word no to me because i keep saying it and all the people in my house seem to not respond to it   
huband for free requires pick up  partially house trained 
"if people annoy you here is a remedy, go to the bathroom take a shit and name it that person, say a prayer and flush  trust me you'll feel better  lol"
"~ got pulled over by a cop and she asked me for my id and if i had been smoking weed, i said no and gave her my chuckie cheese card     lol ~"
"if all else fails, take drugs and cast spells on people   lol"
yeah i might be a crazy bitch but at lest i 'm not pretending to be someone i'm not! peace outtttttt     
"hasn't decided if she should join the \missing persons\"" list or not    yet """
"dear life, you don't have to constantly force me to prove i am a tough, independent, strong woman  i think i've proven my case a few times too many   amen"
"is quiet, shy, sweet and innocent!   smile   sorry i couldn't even type that with a straight face!  lol"
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes  your the best        xoxoxoxoxoxo
"is board, thinks she is gonna dress up like the grim reaper and run around the halls of a nursing home "
if you'd like to be my evil sidekick comment on how u would be a good one ill take application's and let u know who gets the job mwahahahahaha! i am only serious    
"sometimes you have family all the time ,there are some that are family sometimes, then there are some that are only family by dna   gives you something to think about huh???"
i just wanted to ask everyone if they were ok    i'm ok and i will be even better later    
this blowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwsssssssssssssss
peace outtttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
is wondering if life is easier when you are totally insane? because i am about half way there and i want to know if i need to speed up or slow down!!!
"my business isn't your business  so, unless you're my panties  don't ride my a$$!"
don't ever go to st <propfirst> hospital they suck and are not there to help ppl    
"believe it or not, i have nothing to say   stop laughing "
my oncologist says i have received a christmas miracle   thanks to everyone who has been praying for me   a huge weight has been lifted    five months of waiting to see if i had cancer is over      the lymph nods in my stomach have just disappeared   my doc says it is truely a miracle    thank you god      i just want to jump up and down and laugh and act a crazyyyy fool     oh my     
keep looking up !!!!!!! tomorrows gonna bring a better day    
listen to this one      8 years together and 2 weeks ago he asks me to marry him    i still haven't said yes or no      what should i say    lol    nutzzzzz
ever wonder how they found 3 wise men in one day to visit the baby jesus? <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good nite   
your family is like a piece of fudge you have sweet parts   then you have your nuts 
as a matter of fact i do have big balls  but instead of hiding them between my legs i wear them proudly on my chest 
"i speak my mind  deal with it! i do not always say what you want to hear  get over it! i am brutally honest  if you can't handle it, suck it up cupcake!!"
"had to do it: please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post       this  why? because they probably need a foot up their ass too"
sometimes wishes she was a pigeon  question:  if you were a pigeon who would you most like to poop on?
i shower naked   how naughty am i?
