7ddd5ed32ef4d03abef21dfec60077b2
life of recurring disarray
zombieland is a fucking epic movie on an epic scale of epic proportions   i feel the need to say epic once more in this post   wait   
"balloon kid, where are you?"
fucking fuck fuck!!!
sorry i'm french-canadian i can say fucking shit and it doesn't mean much to me
who else here is psyched for congregation of the damned?
"quick word of advice, never get between an 8 year old and his moonshine"
"this number only exists in your imagination, please <propfemale> up and don't call back"
"i wonder who thinks it's a good idea for me to say fuck ohio and head down to louisiana and start going to lsu, next semester?"
"this isn't me, this isn't you, but it's just everything we do till you open up your eyes and understand this isn't real"
"\i'm pretty sure there are more minutes of porn online than there has been time in history\"""""
"i don't understand my tv, i don't get fx normal, but i do get fx in hd    this is shit"
"i like chopin myself not me, thats probably why i don't play chopin never? no never if i die would you play chopin in remembrance of me?"
tell me how does it feel to have a face like that? how does it feel to be replaced like that? now so faceless do you still feel?
in zoviet ruzzia zobriety teztz you!!!
"with the exception of transformers 2 i believe that shia labeouf is becoming a great actor, from a child craptor to a good adult actor  everyone thought he couldn't do it at first yet through the years he has become a very good one indeed  i believe that soon he will be staring in a movie where he plays a police officer that has to deal with a bad mouthed <propmale> black kid during a robot uprising "
"on a completely unrelated note, has anyone noticed how popcorn shrinks when you add butter to it, like my balls whenever i think of <propfemale> o'donnell    just saying"
what makes you think that it's so easy don't believe it will be so easy why the fuck would it be so easy why's it don't you say
and in the daylight we can hitchhike to maine i hope that someday i’ll see without these frames and in the daylight i don’t pick up my phone cause in the daylight anywhere feels like home
"divided we stand, together we fall, there isn't a god that can save us all so don't prey on your knees, just beg on your hands, there is no belief in this promise land "
"should really work on his psych paper, really should   "
a woman walked into a bar and asked the bartender for a double entendre  so he gave it to her    get it
"every morning for a week now i've found myself driving before sunrise  i wanted to get lost in the dark, sip some coffee and listen to music while <propfemale> broke around me, gradually revealing a landscape i've never seen before  a chain of unique beginnings forcing wonder into the seeds of each new day  but i guess i need more willpower because each sunrise i found myself in your mom's apartment again"
i  love  chicks with ducks
do you know that a seasoned ninja knows seven different ways to turn a cat into an e playful losive device?
eat a <propmale> '44!
"most of what i do is smoke and mirrors, except for the lovemaking, baby"
"i won't be there i won't do anything, no i won't, i won't be there to catch you if you fall, i won't be there, i won't do anything, no i won't, i won't be there to catch you god i wish i never met you"
"seriously, i'm flattered that you find me attractive and all but the staring is not ok  i know where you're coming from, sometimes if i glance at myself in the mirror i will get sexually confused, but the staring is a bit much"
"just switched my language to pirate, and not ever going back matey arrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!"
"and we'll march along, with our blindfolds on and we'll ride the rails, with our pistols drawn  can the lord above, forgive what we've done? can we fight to save our souls?"
"monopoly boards are circular now people, circular"
"man or woman, at the end of the day, we're all just animals tying to hump each other to feel emotionally validated  so what's with all the pretense?"
"saw the vagina monologues last night, great stuff would recommend it to anyone   guys just don't go without some chick, would've been really awkward without <propfemale> there"
"no more a rake and no more a bachelor i was wedded and it whetted my thirst until her womb start spilling out babies only then did i reckon my curse alright, alright, alright"
"you can turn away like you don't even see me, you can smile and act like you got something i need, but every night you go home alone and dream about being underneath me"
man i'd love to take her out to dinner
"this flow, definitive, make your throat hurt a gagged voice with no choice is so limited hell yeah! come on hell yeah! it's on bounce to the boom of the beat of the drum"
a llama? he's supposed to be dead
"sometimes, only sometimes, when i'm with you, alone, i wish you were someone else"
"i walk in and see my brother, his girlfriend and my parents all sitting around laughing and i can't fucking wait to get out of ohio, 4 more months    god dammit"
"wants to see <propfemale> this friday, anyone wanna come along?"
"we can hate each other, we can be down then fuck one another we can hold it up, then set it on fire life is sacrifice and you can be a martyr but it's more than i can stand when you're looking down on me cause i can't live up to you, that makes me incomplete i never wanted anything more so i'll just say good-bye and watch you walk out the door"
happy pluto is a planet day!
"if you are given a take home exam, you will forget where you live"
the u s  has never lost a war in which mules were used
exactly  99% of men spank the monkey  the other 1% lie 
you take the breath right out of me and left a hole where my heart should be you gotta fight just to make it through 'cause i will be the death of you
"alright class, if rhianna is making 0 sandwiches per minute and mouthing off at 250 words per minute, and the number of times <propfirst> brown can punch her is a function (x + 2), if x is proportional to rhianna's bitchiness  how much shit is beaten out of rhianna? answer in units of whoop ass"
"you had to have it all, well have you had enough? you greedy little bastard you will get what you deserve, when all is said and done i will be the one to leave you in your misery and hate what you've become"
long live the <propmale> motherfucker
why do chocolate bunnies smile? do they not know their fate?
"hip hip hop make your body rock, slam raw raps and rhythms that make you pop lock  hip hip hop on the non-stop take it up a notch and watch the beat drop "
are you biding your time with me waiting for someone better to come along? if you are then i proved you wrong
my scyther could kick your scyther's ass
"next time you are walking in a public place remember, 8 out of 10 people would torture the shit out of a puppy if a guy in a lab coat told them to "
shelter me oh genius words just give me strength just to pen these things and give me peace to well her wings and oh <propfemale> on all your minstrels of the world we will catch our ladies ear we will win for us the girl
"are you with me? are you with me? 27 steps to you're front door, are you with me? are you with me? i can't stand your face anymore, should've figured out then what you lose but it's too late to fix what's broken, are you with me? are you with me? 27 steps and i'm gone"
"yay it's depressing comic week, my favorite time of the year"
"get down shake your booty baby, bootylicious vinyl coming, get down shake your booty baby, i love to watch your disco bounce"
nothing like a 6 day weekend
"<propfemale> clinton: one of the most sexiest women with a mustache, just behind mother <propfemale>"
life is about minimizing regrets
"you don't give a child self-esteem and e playful ect them to do better in life, that's not how it works"
"the other day, i woke up and realized it was 2 hours late for school  i\rush to school, speeding most of the way  right before i got there, i\realized it was saturday, no school  i proceeded to go home and enjoy\the rest of the day  my friend later texted me to ask where a i was  i\replied it was saturday and i was playing video games  he reminded me\it was tuesday "
"excel saga, when crack just isn't enough"
look at dem dots!!!
"if ten percent of men are gay and twenty percent of men are chinese, what are the odds that a man chosen at random spends his freetime and mealtime while on his knees"
"roses are red,\violets are blue,\in soviet russia,\poem reads you!!"
"do you have any idea who you're talkin' to? basically, i'm kinda a big deal "
"a still more glorious <propfemale> awaits not a sunrise, but a galaxy rise a morning filled with 400 billion suns the rising of the milky way"
"good old mississippi, nothing nowhere and we call it a state    fucking mississippi"
"thanks for the birthday wishes everyone, yea, louisiana is great, weird thing is, it's cooler here than cinci right now    and no, i didn't get to eat a po-boy cake, but i did get a funeral cake, all y'all need to come down here at some point, it's pretty f'in sweet"
"somewhere, at this exact moment, someone's grandmother is trying anal for the very first time "
"the main thing i miss about rwc was the windows    i find no solace here, along with the humidity, or lack thereof"
my eyes are now deaf from your excessive screaming
"sometimes, i want to copy someone's status, word for word, just to see if they notice"
bruised lips and the make-up tattooed hips and pierced for the sake of letting everybody know she don't belong here old tricks that she made up attitude i don't give a fuck for the sake of letting everybody know she says i won't belong so long
"you earned it, you earned it sir, wear it on your genitals? with pride!!!"
purple and gold bitches
us: fuck it's raining; dude: no time like the present boys; dude walks out and gets hit by a car
"when it's cold outside, am i here in vain? hold on to the night there will be no shame; always i wanna be with you and make believe with you and live in <propfemale> <propfemale> oh love"
"i remember the first time i lost the game, do you?"
lately the only thing keeping me from becoming a serial killer is my distaste for <propmale> labor
gggoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
"ya know, you're so luck to know me, i almost wish i were you, if i weren't me"
ferris bueller's day off: showing that incest is ok as long as nobody realizes it
"brought a scarf, feels prissy"
"i love pissin people off, it's so easy some times   "
"all men dream, but not equally"
they jelous cuz i cute
itz so fluffy!!!!!
hi i'm hipster superman you probably haven't heard of me i'm pretty obscure
found a rock today that looks like an egg
"comes, with every girl i meet, a guy with whom i can't compete "
"holy shit, my rock egg just hatched into an interdimensional alien    what do i do!?!"
have i mentioned lately how awesome i am?
truly believes that cattell based his entire theory around wanting to get laid
wouldn't it be nice if we could wake up in the morning when the day is new
yay! it's alexisonfire season
anyone else's ocd act's up near the end of the quarter semester?
"getting mah baby fixed on sunday, yay"
i believe that beauty magazines promote low self-esteem
the secret of happiness is low e playful ectations
"fyi, cramming demons into a tree may result in a demonic tree"
what will your verse be?
