e2910d8e2975ec85bc3495e8a3079f27
"i just got a game called <propmale>'s bounty  this thing deserves the world record for the longest install time  it was enough for me to watch the last few minutes of heroes, then put a pizza in the oven, go to bathroom, finish eating said pizza, and now it's just finishing up  i estimate about 35 minutes so far\\lastly, thanks for the useless adobe acrobat reader update\peace"
anyone have a working ps3 they'll sell for cheap?
"sorry i dont check this thing much  better way to get a hold of me is yahoo messenger, im always on there when im home  kloud135"
homework is boring!
hooray for getting paid a week before you thought you were supposed to
happy mothers day
eureka 7 is totally amazing
just bought a new phone! woot
new disturbed song is    meh
has a cat asleep on his lap
just got an a on an essay for i think the first time in my life  laugh 
today: 10 years of diablo 2! wootness!
toy story 3 was good
starcraft ii rocks!
"sic transit glora   glory fades - brand new\this song is messed up"
i think i've been awake to long    time to sleep
<propfemale> advantage ftl
is jealous of those of you who know exactly what they want to do with their life
"anyone who willingly wakes up this early is insane \\on a side note, i burned my waffles "
"\your a bitch!\""\",e2910d8e2975ec85bc3495e8a3079f27,ticketmaster sucks
avenged sevenfold is kickass! they were amazing!
apparently i'm color blind
i never realized how awesome of a song jesus of suburbia is
should i buy everquest 2?
new diablo iii class = demon <propmale>!! looks amazing!!1!11!!!
limewire has been shut down  sad 
newegg is doing black november deals if anyone needs computer parts  there's different sale categories each day
anyone buy the kinect? how is it?
there needs to be a black friday sale for school class fees
anyone have an oldish couch i could take off their hands buy from them?
"hail out of no where!\better stop soon   "
"studies have shown that cockroaches break wind on the \average of every 15 minutes  even after death they will continue to \release methane for up to 18 hours  in a global scale, insect flatulence\ is estimated to account for 20% of all methane emissions  this puts the\ cockroach as one of the biggest contributors to global warming  the \research indicates that the other <propmale>"
my calculus class is so awesome hahaha
"when i get out of school and strike it <propmale> with a crazy awesome job, i'm going to buy my own personal rock climbing room and have my butler change the routes every week"
"what ever happened with fallout: nv? everyone was all hyping it up to be such a great game when it was coming up on release, and since the day it came out i haven't heard a thing about it  i'm thinking   major disappointment? not that i really care about it or anything, just saying, lol"
"i get a 69% on my psych final and my grade in the class goes down 1%  hell yeah, that's how i roll"
wishing my nwn2 would work
who's up for rock climbing today tonight?
cool shelf
took my epic level 68 sorceress all the way to hell   screw that  to many fire immunes for my merc to handle alone and to lazy to respec into something viable  time to start over i suppose
thick fog is thick
"if anyone needs books for any of the following classes, i'll sell them to you for fairly cheap annoyed \philosophy 300\political science 301\psychology 314 (i think, it's the bio-psych one)\intro to public speaking\english 302\\reply here or send me a message or contact me in some other way  tell your friends! i want these dang books gone"
i need books for humanities 300 and history 312  anyone have them? i'll buy
i'm running out of terabyte
i'm beginning to feel tired again  this is good 
apparently swearing is ok on the sirius channels of television  playful 
there's a 12 year old in my differential equations class   
"what do you do when you're in a potentially really hard class and you can't understand a word your teacher is saying? and no, it's not foreign language"
"i just watched the social network  holy crap, that was so amazingly, surprisingly good  really, really good"
"there is no space between the last word in a sentence and an exclamation point  get it right, people "
heroic queue takes foreveerrrrrrrrrrr
"memorize, memorize, memorize   "
happy pi day!
drinkin' apple juice 
worst math test ever
