58000b7d9b77a367aec077490ea89014
going to work   
"i had a good birthday, even though i had to work  i got 2 cakes while i was working!!"
"is a bit tipsy, no church tonight  took a nap after work, then off to dickson with <propfemale>  i love peach bellinis!!!"
"ugh    it's either way to late, or way to early "
just woke up abrubtly  i had a dream a random taco employee was yelling at me in my room    and its my day off!
people suck
"\would you mind if i paid you in gum?\"""""
oh! i just had a horrible nightmare!!! it was awful! i had a dream i had a baby!! *shivers*
"had work till 3am on saturday, got one hour of sleep  then had a meeting at 8am, pretty much worked  from then till 8pm  went home had too many drinks ended up staying awake till 4am on sunday  then back to work at 8am! i got 4 hours of sleep in 48 hour period! i was delirious by 6pm on sunday  smile "
hooray! it's rainy so i'm missing the meteor shower   sad  this sucks
"i think my heater's broken  it's running  i mean i can hear it, but it's freaking cold! i went to look at the thermostat and there's nothing on the screen, it's blank  my husband turned on the stove to try to warm the place up  is that dangerous?"
i think i'm in love     lady gaga rocks my socks off!!
"it is never too cold, there is only too little vodka "
"i want your psycho, your vertigo stick, want you in my rear window, baby it's sick "
"wow  i'm outta shape  i dont think i pulled a muscle, but i did over work my hamstrings! i hurts to sit!"
"sheep go to heaven, goats go to hell  go to hell  go to hell -cake"
happy in the club with a bottle of red wine  stars in our eyes 'cuz we're having a good time  so happy i could die be your best friend yeah i'll love you forever up in the clouds we'll be higher than ever
"if i never see bleach again, it will be too soon "
all i can say is wow
woo hoo! we got excelling on our cer (audit)!!! even with our dumb cashier chewing gum!!
"buy this car to drive to work, drive to work to pay for this car "
bored 
no color
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family, then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve  because great men are few and far between, and i have one!!!"
"need <propfemale> bubble gum, and taffy get in my way punk, you're gonna get ya ass beat, nasty do it till your dad sees, embarass your whole family just 'cause you came between a kid and his <propfemale> i need <propfemale>, any kind'll do don't care if it's nutritious or \fda approved\"" it's gonna make me spaz like bobcats on booze a hyperactive juice that only i can produce"""
"mmmm! i had a wonderful dinner tonight, tortellini, with great friends too! now, i've got my feet up and my lovely laptop  and it's still early!  laugh "
hi ho! hi ho! it's off to work we go!    is it 2 am yet?
happy new year!!! rrraaawww!!!
wonders if it was the burger or the sushi; can't be sure  what i can be sure of is that i am sick!
good news! cigarette juice!
"i am beautified, thanks to my personal stylist, <propfemale> rojo  now, on to fay-town "
"saw the crazies last night, then had a zombie sex dream    i wasn't involved with the zombie but there was some human-zombie interaction    ewww!!!"
has the sweetest hubby evar!
is excited to see the viddy for telephone tonight! oooo!!! i can't wait! i ? gaga
"trying to remove my fake nails, i fell asleep with one of my fingers in the jar of acetone  i woke up when i realized i was spilling it on my lap"
"dear <propfirst> and <propmale>, thank you for making me sick  my throat is scratchy and i feel icky "
has a cold  has <propfemale> at her house  who's bringing the lemon and whiskey?
just got a paper cut opening some mail    it's bleeding pretty good too!
"i want mexican food  yep, you guessed it, a chili reano   oh! <propfemale>, please hurry up and get here!"
"i want <propfemale>, bubble gum and taffy   "
good morning!
"greek yogurt with <propfemale>  i tried it alone for it's nutritional benefits, and hated it  then added <propfemale>, effin loved it "
"did you know they make 42 oz bags of skittles and m&m's?? yes, that's 2 625 lbs "
this means war  don't f@ck with me when i'm sleeping    i'm out for blood 
"happy zombie christ day! i hope you all enjoyed your pagan rituals by decorating eggs and eating way too much food! no, but really if you want to celebrate do it everyday  you don't need a special holiday (especially one that occurs, according to the <propfemale> cycles) the more you know    "
"so, this is what monday morning feels like  thank you <propfemale> pd, you have your $37 50  p s  i still wont wear my seat belt "
too much coffee  tried keeping my hydration by getting some electrolytes in me  its what plants crave 
got a pedicure tonight  dropped my phone in the tub    stupid phones    we need a underwater phone 
"last night in a local bar parking lot, some skank bit me  thankfully, she did not break the skin and i was not infected with skank  sadly, there is no cure for skankiness  in other news, tansrama  now, here's <propmale> with the weather   "
it is the whiskey
"doesn't amon tobin look so sexy? like italian or spanish or portuguese, something with those dark alluring eyes? like they have so much hidden, just waiting to be found out!and he's a musician so, you know he's passionate      wink "
"the beast ate me alive tonight   $400, $500, and even a $600+ hour    i steamed the entire night  on the bright side, time flew by!"
"you will be judged for your actions, regardless of whether or not  its anyone's business  either you except the consequences before you act, or you don't do it  don't complain when someone has an opinion, get the f*ck over it "
"is going to get an adult beverage and celebrate  what you ask? today is the day that the lord has made    \earth day\"""""
"ok, so i've eaten a banana everyday for the past 6 days    today, i woke up with a <propfirst> horse  i thought potassium was good for avoiding that  fml"
my work week starts an hour   
does anyone know what certified mail is about? i have an idea    but its not good  halp
"last break b4 the drunks rush  btw, who wants to party tomorrow around 10ish? thinking dickson    "
my dogs are barking  who will rub them?
lost my debit card  stupid bars  fml 
is sleeping    foreever    or at least until 230pm
it's killing me    not knowing  could we fix it if it's broke? or is your punch line just a joke?
"has a lot to do  stupid phone(alarm clock) was on silent    wanted to get this started early, like at 8am     "
theres nothing a little war paint and new sunglasses cant fix cover up
"farwell, chino  i hope you attained buddahood  or reached heaven  i cry for you ever"
forgive for they know not what they do  father into your hands i commend my spirit  why have you forsaken me?
why the hell am i awake now? i went to sleep at 6am
"this time, maybe, i'll be bullet proof  ha      estoy triste   mi perro    mi corrazon   "
"happy beltane! (or may day) lets all go dance around some poles, in honor of the almighty pen15 lol"
who wants to help me clean my house? i can pay you in cupcakes  laugh 
dear god  pls dnt let shy eat the cupcakes off the counter  that is all
"is drinking bloody marys  with celery  and oh, how spicy and lovely they are  jealous? you should be   "
fell asleep on my sisters couch for a moment  would not wake up when she was talking to me  but then she threw a klondike bar at me and voila! i am awake!
at the new place  no wifi  no cable  at least i have company 
"well my \bed\"" is comfortable enough for my arms and i to fall asleep on  unfortunately i wake up before they do """
"so i went to give chino his blanket that he slept on all the time  i covered him with it  this afternoon, i had a dream he was alive again  he was standing on a moutain  his fur was as thick as his mothers  healthier than ever "
wishes she had a phone that could do fb im chat   
"i just wanna give a shout out to <propfemale>, n <propfemale>  i know  ur both subscribed to me   what it do? i gots me a mint plant today  yay"
has to do the overnight shift  its just about time for me to go in  i hate mondays  but at least i'm gettting worst over first! visualize a quick and easy shift for me tonight 
thinks there maybe something wrong with brain  my seritonin levels are really low  i need some damiana  i have 2 left  i've been saving them  i'll do that instead of drink and or cry
"had several wild dreams today  everything from being held prisioner by a psycho to a bisicut making contest, while it was snowing "
tonight    you  it's half price night at ryleighs  boom boom  it's the place to be  all the cool kids are doing it    who's doing it tonight? i hope you are!
"is back at the house, finally! oh how i've missed my poochie-rella, and glad my ke-ke is feeling better  they are in need of grooming"
thank you to the fayetteville fire department! with your help changing my tire was 3x faster!
there isn't enough <propfemale> to make this sweet   
"so i jammed big toe really good last night  then when i woke up today, i did it again! its swollen & looks like it has a slight bruise  i'm limping  needless to say i can't wait to stand on my feet for the next 10 hours "
i hate tuesdays  about to start day 2 of 5    grrr
hurry up 10 o'clock! i'm ready to be outta this damn uniform!
"woo hoo  i just passed out on the couch with my lap top on my lap  slept for a whole hour  btw  i was sitting up, kinda  i had kicked out the recliner for my feet  i think i should head to bed "
"<propfirst> isn't dead, and also isn't immortal anymore charlie and <propfemale> reunited ***locke makes island fall apart  <propfirst> kills locke  appoints hurley to be the new protector***\pass it on "
i'm kinda o c d  but i control it 
i'm going to be late      if i don't get off my butt and get dressed      i don't wanna
i have no husband in my bed tonight so i guess i'll have settle for my boyfriend     pillow!
"is it tuesday yet? i'm so tired of the strange rushes at work  one minute dead  one minute slammed  also, its very hard to run good <propfirst>   "
ahhhh!!!! i left a window open     fn flies    <propfemale> gross  going to the store to get the remedy     <propfemale>n they will all be dead  mmuuhahaha
<propmale> and shy are going for a walk   she'll be walking  he's going to have her pull him on his skateboard  i don't think it will work  what do you think?
"melatonin, you are my kryptonite    thank you   10 smile 0am will come too soon, and 10 surprise 0pm won't come quick enough!"
omg thank god it's friday     hope everyone enjoyed their weekend      come on 9pm  come on 9pm
"i dont care if it is breakfast for me, spicy v8 is not the same w o vodka"
i just the ballade of chasy <propfirst> by bloodhound gang to a drunken crowd at <propfirst> c's  i swear i havent drank a drop 
needs a vacation  halp  i also need focus 
nanny passed a couple hours ago    cant sleep very well 
bye  bye skeeter 
stupid enter button    i want to play on the good laptop    grrrr   
needs more sleep  can't focus  
must have hearing damage or a crappy stock radio in her car  the volume is as loud as it gets   
"day six of nine is almost done   i get off at 6 pm, & dont hafta go in until 5pm tomorrow! yay! what should i do?"
"omg  i love you memory foam! sorry i forgot about you, i promise it'll never happen again  you complete me     er, umm my bed "
"omg omg breaking bad season 2 is intense!! one more episode to go, then must d l season 3  now "
"\nothing hurts like your mouth\"""""
thought i could fly last night  my dream turned into a nightmare when i hit the concrete 
"has 20 some odd hours till work again     what to do  what to do     i've got tonic, who has the gin?"
wonders what is quinine  and why is it in tonic water?
fuck the fourth  i'm gonna have a fucking heart attack 
"fuck yeah, adult swim is airing a girls roller derby episode  the repeat will air 1 smile 0 am (central)"
has fallen deeply madly in love with radiatore pasta!!  it holds the sauce so well!
"needs a vacation    wants to get on plane and get away! where to go? any suggestions? (additional info: no passport, 5 days <propmale>) please humor me!"
"so i leave for less than an hour, <propmale> tells me shy sat nicely on the couch while i was gone  as soon as i walk in the door, she starts yelling at me, picking up her ball and whining about playing  i need to stop spoiling her  she knows i'll give in, if i'm awake   ha!"
i was giving myself a pedicure with a razor tool    well i scraped off a little bit of my pinky toe  sorry to all that are extremely grossed out  heh 
has a dozen fat no bake cookies super cooling in the fridge  i couldn't wait for them to cool at room temp 
"if i wanted to see stars i'll watch the \academy awards\""\",58000b7d9b77a367aec077490ea89014,"just slice and sugared 4 pints of strawberries, has 2 cinnamon roasts (with carrots) in the crockpot, 2 chickens boiling, 2 lbs of chickpeas in the pressure cooker (for hummus), and 5 lbs of beef for chili  thanksgiving? no, lets all remember the story about the ants and the grasshopper  gonna freeze this and not make dinner again, for month (maybe)i still have 15 bean soup and carrot cupcakes to make "
ah! what a night! i'm quite certain i forgot yo tab out fuuuuu thank you <propfemale> for letting me pass out on ur couch  and for the toster struedel  and for the <propfemale> in philadephia 
milk was a bad choice    
"bwahahahah  you must  must  change your language to english (pirate) it's wonderful  click on account and then lanuguage, then use the drop down arrow to get to the different languages"
totally killed the party for some underage kids hanging out in the middle of the street in the middle of the night    thanks spd 
has 22 kids from the boys and girls club sitting in the lobby    
going to eat a chilli relano and drink a monster beer     all by myself    cause noone would answer their damn phones  more for me!  smile 
bwahahah the power went out at la huerta and parts of springdale     i wonder if the tap is electric 
"yeah i'd totally kick some @$$ at <propfirst> \40\"" hands   """
loves the smell of skunk  you know what i mean 
my dog like bananas  who knew!
"<propmale> ran over a bird! in <propmale>s defense, the bird seemed a little messed up already "
feels like hell  will someone call in for me?
thinks pulling a beer off a six pack feels just like pulling a branch off a bunch if grapes 
cant wait for paper mache with mah gurl tonite
my opener is a punk bitch  go change ur man-pon!
has bleach on my hair     wish me luck!
wonders how long till this tantrum passes 
wants to know wtf is up w  parking around dickson
one of these days i'll learn not go to parties on a saturday night 
is ryleighs bound  who's coming?
found someone who has never heard of gaga  i about choked 
just won $20 on a scratch off!
"i looked through lists of friend's friends  found people i haven't seen in over 7 years  remembering them seems like a dream  i'm not sure if i really saw them, or they were just figments of my imagination "
only the good die young 
lol  just got pulled over  cop said he pulled me over because he had been told there was a drunk driver in a hyndai  then he added cause my window was cracked  he left me off cause i wasnt drunk!
"lay 'em down  smack 'em, yack 'em "
this last hour is dragging    
was just wished a happy birthday by a <propmale> policeman!! ( and he just gave me a warning for my brake light) i think this is the most pleasant encounter with a cop ever!!
had a good birthday  thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! i'm celebrating on sunday night at ryleigh's half prices night  all are welcome!
oh evil jungle <propmale>! how my nose runs and my tongue burns 
"i'm sick  it started like allergies in my nose, now it's in my throat too  i need whiskey and <propfemale>  i have lemon juice "
"someone please e playful lain thr word 'trill'  ok, i know what that means in a musical sense  hoodlems now-a-days use it as an adjective, such as \you da trillest\"" wth"""
this is strange  a girl that passed away this year is showing up on my fbook chat list  she is idle though 
"woooo!!! hoooo!! <propmale> dug out the router and fixed up the internet  we currently are geeking out w  our favorite forms of entertainment  he with reach, i with anything i can think of to look at on the vastness of inter-space "
"it smells like 7 layers, that beaver's eating taco <propfemale> "
"someone e playful lain \roll tide\"" i looked it up on wikipedia   it said it was an orchestral piece  wth does it mean?"""
munching on kimchi flavored noodles with real kimchi cabbage pieces  drinking horchata  quite a combo
needs coffee   now! who wants to grab a cup with me?
in about 45 mins i will have been at wrmc for 12 hours  thank god they have free coffee 
mom will be moving into an excellent hospice home soon  more info to come hopefully by this afternoon 
"trying to sleep on a couch   on purpose  i cant recall the last time i did that  all other times, i just ended up there "
"mom went to go be with n<propfemale>y, aunt <propfemale>, and miycalya "
"therefore we do not lose heart  though outwardly we are wasting away, yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day  for our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal <propfemale> that far outweighs them all  so we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen  for what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal "
"for those of you who still have newspaper subscriptions, or want to get a copy to post on your fridge for a while, mom's obit will be in sunday's paper  the memorial is monday at 10 smile 0am at mt  comfort presbyterian in fayetteville  we're e playful ecting a packed house already, so come early for the best seats  kind of a funny thing to say about a funeral, but she would have appreciated the humor  wink "
is heading out of hattiesburg on bloody 98!!!
we made it here safe  tired as hell though 
i am so hungry 
cant sleep  wait  i've never been able to sleep at this time 
kate: \bec," u wear boots to the beach?\""\"58000b7d9b77a367aec077490ea89014,"finding skittles among beer bottle caps, ciggy butts, and random sea shells at the bottom of your purse is always a win "
i'm praying for tidal waves  i wanna see it all come down      are you ready?
bored outta my gourd   
call me a grump but i'm not coming to florida in season ever again  dumb kids with their parents credit cards 
ten-ten-ten
"just had a strange dream that my dad had to cut all my hair fn short    then i was basically \put away\"" zum n treve came to see me  zums beard was gray  """
is going to be home tonight around 7ish   800 <propmale> is a long long long time in a car    with your family
"is a straight ally and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly bfy9zr "
i love fall  i have the windows open  thankfully shy hasnt noticed  chasing the neighbor kids is fun for her  scary for them
thank you shanley! ur a blessing
holy sh*t  two deer just ran in front of me on <propfemale> st 
monday comics have been replaced with monday library  hooray for free stuff!
"the giants are number one!! the giants are number one!! - meatwad\thats a fact of life  tell me something i dont know  - <propfirst>"
they should make an anti facebook where you send enemy requests to people you don't like so you can just write nasty things on your status and read a feed full of people being assholes  and it will be called assbook 
sometimes i like to ignore how messed up people are  most of the time i cant wait to see how they screw up their own lives   how many junkies does it take to ruin kids night at the bar? 2
damn nature! you scary!
so i ordered an asian prostitute last night  she arrived 2 hours late    
is the new owner of freaknik the musical    freaknik is back!!!
"if women aren't meant to bake, then why do they  have milk and eggs inside of them?"
my next door neighbor put xmas lights up  ffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i love saturdays    after 6pm  on another note, happy birthday to k double d!!!!!"
nothing like a red beer to fix a hangover  actually wasnt so hungover   just kinda tired 
"i kinda feel like i'm on drugs when i'm around you  not that i do drugs, unless you drugs  in that case, i do drugs all the time "
made some yum apple crisp  it was so easy too!
"is eating part of the last meal my mom made for me  my birthday dinner- posole (how ever you spell it, its spanish) dont worry, it was frozen "
"i'm thankful i dont have to read \i'm thankful\"" posts anymore!!"""
"so tired, thankfully i have a shorter day  is it sunday yet?"
"kinect for xbox  someone tell me about  my computer died, so i have no means of research  looking for price, will we need to buy a new xbox? and any other info would be nice  smile "
i woke up screaming today  its gonna be a great day
"tomorrow is quite an important day! treve's birthday, rowdy and <propfirst>'s anniversary, and aids awareness day "
so my converted garage bedroom is being worked on  i think i'm going to move into one of the other rooms  any objections to knocking down a wall to make a huge living room?
is wondering why parents dont make their kids eat their veggies any more? they let them get away with eating just meat and cheese  but wonder why the government has to step in and say 'your kid is fat'  this world is f@¢ked 
"is such a lil girl at heart  walked by the display of <propfemale> tea sets in <propmale>'s bakery,my heart melted "
"i know chocolate is bad for dogs, but it's kinda like crack for them    i like giving shymae a little bit from time to time  is that really bad?"
never get between a man and his soy sauce 
"kinda bummed out  disappointed  plus its moms birthday  i guess i should be glad to be sad, at least i'm still alive"
eating taste of thai    who's jealous?
party time is soooooo close!!!!
wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat?? cut off your head 
come have a beer or some whiskey! i've got stew ready and a fire in the back yard!
put a fork in me   
i'm so ronery
"fml  early celebrations = tired feet, arms, everything  i need a full body massage, or the chemical equivalent  halp"
pbr tastes like my armpits after a 10 hour shift  why did i buy so much of it!
needs more vermillion pleasure night on netflicks  now 
shy ate one of my cookies  what a bitch!
"sheep go to heaven  goats go to hell, go to hell!"
had another dream about mom  i need to watch out for the new moons  they always bring dreams like these  i dont like starting my day off crying 
the whit oak station on mission and crossover totally rocks  the guy working the graveyard totally deserves a raise!! he found everything in the store with <propfemale> in it  my tummy feels much better now!
6 5 hours left 
"took a nap for 1 hour  had a drean a bat bit my hand, the spot turned into this trippy paisley  there was other weird stuff too "
weeeeeee w2's came in the mail today!! pray i dont hafta pay in!!!
i like turtles    and gin 
"ah, friday "
edible arrangements on <propfemale> is awesome! got a doz  dipped fruits for $10! bananas are the best!!
i can spend hours in the dickson street book store  too bad i have to pay to park 
has scene hair  thanks to my stylist sister <propfemale>!
what did they say to the bear when he ate the girl at the bar?
"ok, i'm tired of watching <propmale> have all the fun on oblivion  any suggestions for 2 player rpg games on 360?"
"walmart doesnt care about the plastic bags they send out  i left the checkout and had 7 bags  i rebagged it in the entry way, leaving with 3  i guess its ok, i'm not having kids "
"just worked 14 5 hours on 2 hours of sleep  i'm quite sure i've died  and gone to hell  thankfully my body doesnt hurt, which backs the being dead idea  crap "
"you can say lots of bad things about pedophiles, but at least they drive slowly past schools   laugh "
"we're gonna go find a friend for shy! or at least look   happy anniversary to kate&alex! you've made it 2yr! happy birthday to <propfemale>, even though she doesnt have fbook! today is a good day!"
ein!!
real eyes realize real lies
just another manic monday 
no ein cause they couldnt get ahold of my landlord dad in time  :'''(
i have internets again!!! more like a working computer again!!! i don't know what to look at first  
"is sipping on a cup of <propfirst>, straight from costa rica! thanks dad!"
ein is at home!! come on 3am!!
"awesome, the police are joining the protest in egypt "
i wasjust informed that the cookie monster is now the veggie monster  wtf
tgiff!! and i get a long weekend!!
they're coming to take our cable away! ha! ha! he! he! ho! ho!
"gonna make a big pot of soup, then chocolate covered bananas! who's hungry?"
"i'm sick  i don't know if it was the icy car ride, or smoking, or what! but it's coming on  "
i think i might have a problem    i'm making my 3rd blt today  its just sooo good
"the cow goes \ shazoooooo!!\""     """
"in the best relationships, nobody wears pants "
"oh yeah    no school, erm, work i mean!"
i'm gonna keep feeding this sleep dep headache coffee and toast with aspirin on the side  i just wanna wander from the window to the couch all day!
woohoo! i just won my first ebay auction!
i'm putting together a web site  that reveals the secret documents of the rap music industry  it's called wiki wiki wiki leaks 
"just downloaded \born this way\"""""
zomg luv my ipod touch  big thanks to jl 
i'd do that again   
"is sick as a dog  i feel weak and nauseous  someone come take care of me please, <propmale> is working, like i should be "
jeep!! jeep!! driving around in a jeep!!
could have sworn the muzak was about to play flaming lips  sounded just like it!
"omg <propmale> took longer than i did to get ready! in his defense, he looks very handsome!"
loves how even the most normal day at work can fix my brain  i need distraction from over thinking things
what a wonderful morning ( afternoon for regular folks)! woke up on the right side of the bed  worked out for a bit  now lounging in the backyard with a cup o <propfirst> and my doggies 
my spoon is too big!
i hope i earn some flippin brownie points for this week
i wanna crawl in a hole 
"french toast for dinner!!! didn't use a recipe, just kinda winged it  tasted like awesome"
screw daylight savings or whatever  i'm moving to arizona or hawaii
i <propfemale>    i <propfemale> macaroni pictures 
i forgot how yummy tea is with cream!
"dropped my ipod touch in the bath tub, but after awesome dinner and two beers, i don't really give a fuck!"
does green in a tattoo count today? <propmale> says yes  i say no  cast your vote now!
omg! omg! <propmale> is a fracking genius! he brought my ipod touch back to life! the only thing(s) to make today better would be a confirmation on highest bid on gaga tickets and a purple wig in my mailbox!!!
"i haven't had anxiety in over 3 years  i'm freaking out  45 mins  45 mins   breathe in, breathe out "
got tickets!!!!!
"there's no way out  the only way out is to give in  when there's no way out, the only way out is to give in  how i love to, how i love to, how i love to give in"
you're so vain  i bet you think this post is about you  you're so vain
"when it comes to either washing dishes or cleaning grills, i'd rather get wet than get burned  wink     besides i'm a mofo ninja with the dishes "
"old world underground, where are you now?"
i love having a touch lamp by my bed  no fumbling around trying to find a switch 
"i jumped off a balcony last night  i didn't break anything, but i'm so sore today  i guess i need to jump off balconies more often so i become better at it "
one hour  time is crawling by 
"just reached my cici's limit: 15 pieces w o crusts, salad and 2 cinnamon rolls  i'm not even messed up "
ya know where you never see handicap spots? the booze store 
would it be possible to grow green beans in that topsey turvey planter? the one for tomatoes  i love some fresh green beans
"i hate \ speedy\"" gonzalez """
"it's nights like tonight, that make you want to wrap your head in a towel and suck on a  38"
a little over an hour until i leave! i'm trying to distract myself until then!
"first friday night off in probably 2 years! what do people do on friday nights?  seriously somebody, everybody, come <propfemale> out with me!!!!"
"i got this, you got this, we got this! friday! friday! friday!"
"vodka tonic, round 1, fight!!!!"
i thought it was april showers    go away sun  i want rain puddles 
"took a walk at <propmale> park  sad to say, but the only people to smile back when we met on the trail were hispanics  wtf white people??"
a bird just shat on my head  a friend says that's good luck  i don't think i believe in superstitions anymore 
similac has a brain eye blend    zombie baby food!
sneaker pimps on the radio? is it 1995? awesome!
judas!!!!
"if my tub's drain had an ass, i just kicked the shit out of it "
i love 10min crack naps in front of the computer  ipod  i am powered on now!
omg my fryer caught on fire!! im ok now
the <propmale> bar is skor bar's cheap slutty sister 
"i've learned love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body "
holy crap  that was crazy
happy zombie christ day!
i love my scooter  i'm glad it stopped rainning in chickendale
just heard judas on the radio  excellent 
"car broke down yesterday, on my way to important test for work  thank god for the scooter  it's going to be cold "
i'm watching the <propmale> wedding  it's kinda of boring now  i think the dude marrying  that chick just showed up 
i don't believe it  i want pictures  it's all a lie to rally us together 
i don't feel good 
"why is there not a booze delivery system? they'd make bank  pizza, chinese, old people get groceries  fuck! come on! why hasn't  this happened yet??"
"my phone is back on! call me, text me! it's unlimited! yay!"
