d0473d997a88dcf3b3f0a13c69855094
happy new year everyone    hope this year is different  smile 
posted some pics comments plz thx
came home early  i don't feel good  took a three houre nap   surprise 
uploaded pics of my dress  comment and tell me what u think  thx  smile 
wishing that i could be different so things would be better    but what can i say i dont think thats going to happen  
"why all the stress,anxioty  it does no good to presser people   ugg its so agrivating!!"
drill tomarro woo hoo!   im so excited but   
yay we pownwd like i knew we would! tired but happy  smile 
"i would like to say that <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, tucker and cadden will be missed  they are all amazing people and i think the comanders deserve a little something special  if you have any sugestions   it would be much help  i love you guys!"
wish it was true but im very optamistic
oh my gosh my brothers are sooo stupid!!!!
"oh my gosh! my brothers are putting the video on youtube  comment if you would like to watch it, but i am warning you i don't reccomend it if you have a weak stomach "
i'm so happy i can do recondo! yay!  laugh 
typing my resume   just hoping
i applyed   but its going to be an agonizing wait!
just got come from cheppos   so full
going to moms house    hm   mabye some fun in the sno this winter  sounds good to me   smile 
"people think their pirfict and that everyone else is wrong, well i am sick and tired of all the dramma and extra stress  i don't need it and frankly no one else does eather, but some people are so stubbern they just wont let themselves see it "
"*sigh* missing out on fun, and a pointless infatuation   "
writing an essay   grrr lol
chillin   home work of corse got to keep thoes grades up lol
ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! > sad  it is just over whelming i don't know why i have to do this   
the cert drill was so fun  smile 
ugh   som times i think rotc causes to much drama   but then again i love it so i could not get out of it   smile 
finally done with that bloody essay!!!!!!
"yes i did it, i told him i like him and you know what  i don't feel better, i think i just destroyed one of the best friendships i have   "
hmmm   i feel a lot better  smile 
well i didn't get the position but im happy for the people who did
"going to miss all the senior jrotc cadets, i just hope things go good in the later part of the year   "
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!!
testing is an ugly thing    
i have a cup cake on my head!!!
being nicer and controling my actions and just revamping myself so if im a little edgy its not you  smile 
"dining out tomarro    going ot be an interesting ride having <propmale>, jeremias, me, <propfemale>, and her mom in the same car  it is going to be amazing!  laugh "
so aperantly i pulled a something in my back at cert   yippy
its my grampa freds birthday!!  laugh 
uh   painting my nails    i never do this   im scared!  laugh 
ugh   interviews went well but im strangly tired   i didn't do anything today lol
i just don't know   
ahg!! i wish i could just be normal!
be honest! click 'like' if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile  smile 
had a mother daughter day and it went well  smile 
heding off to the optomatrist   yay   
today was pritty chill but it seems like it went to fast   
suprise young life meeting!! woo hoo   going to be at pandamonim   this is going to be fun
whass up every one talk to me!!
had an interesting day  i went on a hella long bike ride and got in trouble for being late  i am so sore!!!
just got done with a butt load of homework and i still have a bunch left and two tests tomarro!!! haha good juck <propfirst> i hope all goes well and you get kelib back  (sorry if i misspelt his name)
chillin like a villin lol jk
home work out the butt hole haha been working since 2 surprise 0!!!!
does anyone know if you have to bring your invatation to the graduation?
i feel bad doing that to him but it will never go anywhere and im not the kind of person to lead people on  he is probubly never going to talk to me again even though he said otherwise   
hedding do the awards dessert   hope it goes without a hitch
"*sigh* alas the deed of the night is done  the awards dessert, and the newest up date is im being given the silent treatment    hm   not a shocker but you know its not to be mean and i don't want you to dwell  please move on, forgive and forget and put it behind you  there are many fish in the sea but i would not like to be excluded  have a wonderful night everyone and congrats on the acheivments!!  smile "
emilys party was amazing and im not looking forward to tomarro  uggg school!
ugh people can be such ahhhh!!!!!!!!
summer camp here we come  laugh 
ah frick i woke up at 5 smile 0 this morning!!! dang you summer camp!! lol  playful 
"i'm glad to be home, but off to another camp on the 12"
leaving tomarrow for minisoda  woo be back the 20th  smile 
hey everyone i am on my way back to alaska it is going to be a long night
back in alaska and had an incredable time!!!
at the airport for the second time this week to pick up <propfemale> banana lol if she knew i said that she would kill me hahaha
uhg alergies suck lol hope everyone is having a great summer  smile 
have pink eye tariffic
my interview went well im hoping i get the job  smile 
im workin at mcdonalds!
buisness is booming  smile 
hedding off to work woohoo lol talk to yall y8terz bye  smile 
everything is hopeless   
wooohooo  smile  i like money  laugh 
ugh   
excited i get to spend some time with dad and the fam yay!
might b going to the lake with some work friends  smile 
rough day at work to say the least but atleast i get off at 5pm tomarro so i can <propfemale> with somefriends for once
going out with my buds tonight  smile  woop
considewring everything i think im doing ok
well this sucks     :[
got my hair cut and dyed  it feels a little short though   
missin my bro over seas happy birthday <propfirst>!
