e1378234e2eac9da4f89e68f1754f230
"back from all my vacations, just chillin the rest of the summer"
"moving sucks, <propfemale> rocks  smile "
still tryin to figure out how stuff works   
friggin computer! froze and now this girl i like is offline!
"nevermind, she's on  smile "
my mama raised me in the dirty south of kountry gentlemen! so you best watch your mouth
what would you do if i told you i was dating your daughter? (just made that up)
hmmm
is falling always such a bad thing?
how come it's never what he said?
i am happy  smile 
if you say so   
people are always talking about the missing link between monkeys and people  well i think it's hoeboes  my stepmom is a nurse and she says hoeboes through poop at her    just like monkeys!!! and she says they also bite her    just like monkeys!!!! they ar
"what if the world is upsidedown, and i'm the only one rightside up?"
it's funny how i come up with random things to put here   
"one question, one <propmale>, one honest answer  you can ask me one question (to my inbox only!)  any question, anything, no matter how crazy, dirty or wrong it is  no catch  but i dare you to post this on your status and see what people ask you!   "
"only you ca prevent dorest fires, it has nothing to do with anyone else"
"only you can prevent <propmale> fires, it has nothing to do with anyone else (last had to many mistakes)"
dont i get a hi?
"i stole this from trix \silly rabbit trix are for kids\"" it's mine now suckas!!!"""
apparently i'm really annoying   
monkeys like pancakes    
"hmmmm, so who sent me the kinky toy       ?"
"hey mom, go die"
not even worth it
brownchicken browncow
i plead the 6th
i'm just tired of everything right now
i was just thinkin     nothing
"lalala, need lunch, lalalala, no taco shells, lalalalala, now i can't have lunch lalalalala, friggin suck, lalalalala"
"yeah, so mutual in like 10 minutes   "
big sigh
"allergies suck, big time"
really big sigh  not knowing sucks
really really big sigh
"when i get back into m<propmale>ial <propmale>s, i wanna go to a bujinkan dojo  they train in just about every aspect of ninjutsu (m<propmale>ial <propmale> ninjas use), including many of the weapons used by ninjas  the more i studied up on this place, the more i wanted to do it  the closest dojo is in yakima (yes, it is a real place not just made up on icarly) and that's probly only like a 15 minute drvie, so i'm pretty pschyed  smile "
this is for <propmale>  smile 
"man, i'm bored    and my back hurts"
time for church  smile 
iz at home now
"wuz hangin out at the peterson's, but none of you know who that is!!!!"
i watched all 3 work and the <propfemale> movies!!!!!!!!!!!!
"was just bakin some muffins, and when i did the beating, i put on \beat it\"" by <propfirst> <propmale> and rocked out!!!  laugh """
"ok, so there was this girl i used to watch every week like 5 years ago, her name is aubry  well    they moved to washington a few years back, and now i moved to washington    15 minutes away!!!! so today i'm gonna go run through sprinklers with her and her 5 little bros and sisters  laugh "
climbing beaver mt  for mutual tonight   
"ha, i'm one or 2 hours earlier than most of you guys =o"
"my feet hurt, rocks in shoes while hiking suck  sad "
gonna go play xbox now  laugh 
feelin a little down right now
"tomorrow, the world will be takin over by robots  dont ask how i know, it's a secret"
"pulled an all-nighter, but i'm not tired, just hungry   "
really hungry
gonna go read    for fun!!!!
mom's making me go camping even though i'm sick   this is gonna suck  see you guys in 3 days
feeling kinda blue  text me and make me happy
maybe i'll feel better tomorrow   
i guess i'm goin to the fair tonight   
"i'm ready for school to start, it'll give me somethin to do and a reason to go to sleep"
i'm bored and i wanna see how many people i can get to comment on this    so everybody leave a comment doesnt matter what it says!
"hmmm, i'm tryin to figure out how to copy photos on to my computer   "
big sigh
everybody watch i am <propfirst> on tnt! it's friggin amazing!!!
school on tues!!!
i went to bed before midnight last night!!!! i was crawling under the covers at 11 smile 0 exactly
"haha, no one's on cuz you're all at school    teehee not till tomorrow suckas!!!!!"
"time for bed, gotta be nice and rested for school tomorrow! 0 hour at 6:55!"
haha <propfirst>'s in my seminary class  laugh 
"been super busy with deadwood <propfirst> auditions! i got a lead role!!!! i'm so excited! i'm the judge, and i get most of the funny parts in the show! lots of lines, so i know what i'm gonna be doing over labor day weekend!!!"
off to practice lines! have to have the first act memorized by tuesday!!!!!
"more or less, considerably less or more than more or less    get used to it cuz it's gonna be on my mind a lot!"
my computer is sooo slow! i cant do anything on here!
i totally wanna go to new york and meet a hobo
just got back from church and i'm starving! but it's fast sunday so what can you do?
oh my gosh i'm bored more or less considerably less or more than more or less!
"haha sleeptime, then lines and homework!"
done with homework! and i'm almost done with scene 1! just got like half a <propfemale>
oh my friggin gosh it finally happened!
oh my gosh i'm so tired! got to school at 7 didnt get home til 5! better get used to it though   
ahhh i miss counted! i say more or less considerably less or more than more or less 12 times not 10!!!!
"hmmm, ready for the weekend  my butt is going to see an old friend, the couch! they've been missing each other dearly  sad "
so is there really gonna be capture the flag before the picnic?
the picnic thingy was fun more or less considerably less or more than more or less
got some more lines down! i love my character!
"facebook is totally flippin out! be back tomorrow, mabe it'll have fixed itself by then   "
"life is good  a little hectic, but good  smile "
"first time since the first week of schol that i dont have homework    and how do i spend it? napping of course  haha, need to work on lines"
"for the first time, i am seriously missing texas  sad "
"so many people are sick right now! i swear, at least 10 of my friends' statuses say they're sick  it's rather sad  sad  all of you, get better!"
"oh my gosh! i hate my math teacher! she doesnt teach us what's on the hw! how the heck am i supposed to do this if i wasnt taught it, and the the book doesnt e playful lain it!?!?!?!?!"
i cant do anymore hw tonight
"i just feel stressed  ima eat some ice cream and watch tv, maybe that'll help"
tired of shool  and my mom  i miss one hw assignment and she gets all over my case  i know i need to do my homework! get off my back woman!
"yeah, so no more working today  gonna get up at 2 tomorrow    yeah"
"awww, today was awesome  i slept in til one  watched tv for an hour  worked on lines for an hour  watched tv for 2 hours  worked on lines for half an hour  and now here i am  smile "
"dont bother texting me, my phone has no friggin signal!"
it worked!!!!
"haha, i have all my lines memorized! take that procrastination and forgetfulness!"
i wish i could freeze time  that way i could sleep as long as i want   
"oh my gosh! for the first time in over a month i got gome from school before 5! this is crazy man  i did my hw, took a nap, and it was only like 5 smile 0 i dunno what to do with myself    lines then sleep  laugh "
"saturday night, and i ain't no money  i got some money cuz i just got paid    good song, very true to, cuz i just got my allowance  laugh "
"this has been my day today: psat, sleep  tonight is deadwood <propfirst>, everybody come!!!!! 7pm at hhs auditorium "
awww! being sick is no fun 
"well, i have nothing contagious    just waaaay too many red blood cells  gonna drink a lot, get tested again next week, and if it's still really high i'm gonna see a specialist in seattle  sounds fun right?"
my internet is so friggin slow! i coant do anything on here!
"\does it depress you to know you've been outwitted by a gerbil?\"""""
youtubing a very potter musical!!!!
only got to see through pert 2 due to computer slowness   sad  guess il finish tomorrow
what kind of a crazy person would be on facebook at 7 in the morning?
"i painted my nails, i feel so pretty  smile "
plans for today: don't have strep throat
mobile facebook is now frozen   
"facebook, it's what happens when you're sick, and have nothing better to do  *sigh* back to school tomorrow    hopefully"
"grrrrrrrrr, i have to go back to school"
"sleep, inveitable and amazing, why do i resist you so?"
i need a camera
"haha, i such at super smash bros"
"went to a dance, it was better than i thought it would be"
"on tv \i'm alive\"" followed by \""i shouldn't be alive\"" hmmm"""
"man, friendquiz is hurting my self-esteem  like 5 times ther's the question \do you think <propmale> lander is cute?\"" and it's always no  sad """
"haha, the big fancy letters of the drama section of the newsletter spell out \std\"" i felt the need to point that out"""
i poop on your attempt at reason
they moved the opening night for clash of the titans to april 2nd! why!?!?!?!?!?!
just played rockband for an hour    at my brother's dorm   at byu
really hungry      thanks to everyone for giving me birthday wishes
"just saw the music video for telephone, it was wierd   "
"what the crap!?!?! they're making a high school musical 4, i thought they graduated  stupid disney"
"skiing is fun, and tiring, and fun"
school of wizardry not working grrrrrrr
school of wizardry working!!!!
"finally got pics of my swords! this isn't all of them, but it's most, sorry the one is so small"
off to bed
"anyone in ms  guereca's algebra 2 honors class, what was the hw? i copied it down wrong"
"so, i am a male  most of my friends are female  parental figures dont like it when males sleep at the dweeling areas of females  this makes for one crappy situation"
"homework today, chores today  anything else? not yet"
today was a good day
and i was just wondering-squirell!-what the meaning of life was
naptime
"didnt do my homework, now im forced to awaken in the wee hours of the morning to try and get it done  good thing i took a 4 hour nap today"
"still has an extreme aversion to homework, i need to work on that"
"goin to see clash of the titans at 7:20 at the regal  anyone can join me if they want, but im goin to see it either way"
the dang goblins stole $25m!!!
have you ever been on google and just started typing letters just to see what they think you are searching?
"well, no more movie  apperently it would kill my mom's night to have to take me  whatever"
i not turtly enough for the turtle club? turtle!
"\his name is the cuteness\"""""
"wellll, once again i need to do homework    ill start in a couple minutes"
now offically homework time  bye bye
still not done with homewrok  sad 
"poop, more homewoek"
"show went good, got slurpees  now im on a sugar high and cant sleep    i wonder how mad the neighbors would be if i ran around and yelled really loud?"
i feel so unfulfilled  all i have done today is watch tv
"just got done with a chinese action movie with all of the cheesy fight scenes to be e playful ected of such a film  it was about the origions of <propfemale>, kind of inspiring really"
woke up an hour ago
got my <propmale> miserab<propmale> cd from my sister today  such great music!
why does stuff with girls have to be so complicated? i liked it better when they were were no different than guys
"hippocricket, not a hypocrit"
come see lucky stiff  its at 7 smile 0  i play a dead with awesome pants
come to free improv show tomorrow @7 in the black box
"so, in iron man 2 <propfirst> goes to monaco  more spefically <propmale> <propmale>  can you guess what hotel he was at? the hotel de <propfirst>! what are the odds!"
"soooo, i fell asleep in the bathtub last night    for an hour    got up and went to bed at 2"
"satudrday night, i forgot to log off facebook on <propfemale>'s iphone  pay no attention to any of those updates"
got em all
"i was thinking something really deep and philosophical, but i forgot what it was    oh well, ill just say my monoloque is gonna make everybody cry!"
gonna go see communicating doors tonight  anyone know wheteher it starts at 7 or 7 smile 0?
omegle is stupid
"hahaha, i just prevented pethy mascha andkatie from stealing the laptop after they ambushed me  i win  smile "
"i thought if i let her see this feeling would leave me \but it just won't go away, instead it's decided to stay \that's never happened before  i don't want this anymore!"
"all i do is think of you, i dont know what to do \it's driving me insane, and i don't mean to comlain,\but i just can't stop thinking about you"
"only time will tell when ill start feeling well \until then, ill grab my pen"
die cheshire die!!!!!!
why do i always have to leave early? i missed an oppurtunity to charm another west richland cop   sad 
needs something to do tomorrow  any ideas?
fixing the scope on my stepdad's pellet gun  hehehe
"just when life is looking up, something new comes and beats me up"
"poetry is an interesting form of release, i dunno if it's helping or hurting"
needs a break from the complexities of life
's status
is ready to be done
avatar the last airbender (not the namestealer with blue people) friggin rocks! its pretty much all i watch
bored
"cake, water balloon fights, buckets of water, tetris, baby cake, more tetris, rockband  a good day night"
sleepy time zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"just kidding, it was hour-long bathtime  now is sleepy time"
my mom recorded the willies!
"loop\innkeeper\ferocious\elelphant"
is waaaay too bored
found ways to spend over an hour on mobile facebook  wow
5th ave theatre is sooo cool!
<propmale>!!!!!!!
mr  leggett!!!
on the busride home yay  playful 
"watching real avatar once again  pretty much all i do nowadays, well i watch dragon ball z <propfemale> too"
my sister has pink satin sheets   
one day more!!
tryin to work up the motivation to do my math review
shcool's out for the summer! school's out forever!
avatar extras!
"mmmmmm, apple juice"
"wow, old people are really cool, i just talked to this guy who was a fighter pilot and would scare people off the road by flying really low and pulling up at the last second"
summer fun hasnt come yet
when im bored i get on facebook    ive been on facebook a lot today
"\i never thought you'd be on my side \"" \""i never thought you'd be right \"""""
why did i get dressed today?
now listening to the original london cast of <propmale> miserab<propmale>  will i like it better than broadway? let's see!
on mobile facebook and normal facebook at the same time!
eponine sounds suprisingly similar   
whats the site where you can watch 5th ave online?
<propfemale> zeta-jones!!!
<propfemale> chenowith is gonna be on the radio!!!
is watching <propmale> potter marathon!!!!
dont you hate it when your belt's too loose but the next loop is too tight?
packin for camp    who's got a tent they would like to share
is it really wierd i think katara is kinda hot?
owwwww! i have an unsatiable itch and its all mascha's fault!!! gosh dang it mascha!!!
"it is very late, not as late as yesterday, guess its not that late after all"
why am i not going to sleep?
"hmmm, the kid playing aang is actually 12  he looks like a baby!!!"
<propmale> is sokka!!! what the crap!?!?!
blissfuly eating macaroni  laugh 
<propmale> cage has my laugh!!!!!!!
putting 3 gaga songs in a row at atomic bowl? best thing ever!!!
"hmmm, why?"
sleepy time
woke up and 1:28 today  very awesome
"going camping  that means a week of shooting bows, rifles and shotugns  also means no facebook or phone etc until saturday  by til then!"
goin camping  i will be unreachable until saturday!
going to the ress fair
"today, i bought some daggers  e playful ect pics soon"
on the road to efy!
look at all of the funny symbols i can use! |<>{}[]=€$£§%¥*+#¿¡¤¢«»®©
"is very very hungry, but has no way to obtain food  );"
this week has been so fun! best efy yet
what an amazing week! im gonna miss all my new friends
"it's hard to believe one week can change a person so much, can give him so much courage to stand strong!"
wishes everybody he met at efy lived nearby
does anyone wanna go see the last airbender with me tomorrow?
i can still feel my efy bracelet even though i cut it off yesterday!
found grass    in my ear
bored  what happened to summer fun?
sooo bored
"the more i watch avatar, the less i like katara"
so did m night or the ember island players do a worse job with avatar?
worst thing of my life  i literally feel sick to my stomach right now  nothing happened in that entire movie
i liked jaden smith until he said he likes twilighg
crap
wii would like to play
"at the dol, they're on 57 im number 118  sad "
yeah! 76!
grrr stil 76
i have knees
my drive test is friday 16th at 9!!!
"fireflies came on the radio and now i\ havin efy flashbacks"
i beat him!!!!
"feels very out of the loop, and suprisingly awake for 3 in the morning  oh well, time for bed"
running in 90 degree weather is not a good idea
i love my shorts  why? cuz it feels like they're not even there  laugh 
first update from my computer in over a month!
sleep? who needs sleep?
went to fame training  i feel so ready now! yeah!
"finally added my efy pics, tagged everyone, wrote silly captions, then they all got deleted, so if you guys could tag yourselves, that'd be great"
<propfemale> juice
chillin at <propmale> amon  watchin seagulls
where is everyone!
"super burnt, and sore feet  but so worth it!"
fame camp and naruto  pretty much sums up my life right now
"ok, so i was driving home and outta nowhere this rabbit runs into the middle of the road! he's just past my car, and then turns around and makes a loop around the front of my car and keeps goin! scared the crap out of me!"
"just did inventory of every weapon he owns, from his vast collection of swords and knives, to old taekwando training weapons, to a wooden dagger he carved  i must say it is rather frightening how many weapons i truly have"
considering an allnighter    who thinks i should?
"nevermind, ima go to bed"
cant fall asleep    friggin suck 
doesnt feel very well
stupidest thing ever
just got my debit card! now i can use all my money!!!
canadian fruit snacks  best thing ever!!!!!!
swan dive!
oh my gosh <propmale> skywalker is firelord ozai!!!!!!!!!!
"starting up runescape again, probly not a good idea, but whatevs"
"well, it is now time for the sleepiness fairies to stop attacking, since i am finally complying and going to bed"
really? one shot? thats all you're using for testing? idiots
they lost!!! i have officialy lost all faith in deadliest warrior
running or sleep? today i choose sleep
isnt wearing any pants!
isnt wearing any pants again!
it is now time to leave facebook and devote my entire attention to a very potter sequel!!!!
oh my gosh!!!! malfoy just called a poof in a very potter sequel! im freakin out!
and the pants are off for another evening alone  sad 
"well, i finished a very potter sequel and it was very funny "
good night world! i had a lovely day
parents are home  i must now wear pants again  sad 
silly bands  they are hurting my arm  but i love them so much!
more than halfway through summer!!! how did this happen!?!?!
ive been awake for an hour and a half  this shouldnt be allowed
i passed!!!!!!!!
"so the shoop shoop song came on the radio  i blasted it, sand along, and died a little inside"
"i saw a commercial for the vampire diaries, and one of the vampire guys said \whats so special about this <propfemale> anyways? edwards so whipped \"" awesome!"""
is sick  annoyed 
an episode of <propmale> of queens ive never seen!? i didnt know those exsisted anymore!?!
"is it sad that when the title for a tv show said \once upon a suitelife\"" i thought of once upon a mattredd instead of once upon a time? i wasnt even in that show!"""
"fame camp has inspired me to watch horton hears a who, and so i am now watching it"
"\its all in the buttocks  dont i look pretty?\""\",e1378234e2eac9da4f89e68f1754f230,grilled cheese and kiwi for lunch  life is good
watched meet the robinsons  such a great movie! very touching
"used my horn for the first time today, and almost a second!"
wonders how you tag somene in a status
this status is dedicated to <propfemale> rayann diven for teaching me how to tag people in my statuses
is rather happy  smile 
is having a good day  smile 
just jogged 3 <propmale> with <propfirst>!
canada dry does not taste good with ramen noodles
i believe the world's problems can be solved with apple juice
"\heave! heave like your being payed for it!\"""""
is bored   
cookie tried to kill me!!!
"hates to say goodbye, likes to say hello, and loves the time in between"
calf jiggling  nuff said
had the most amazing day ever
yeah! i am awake! im flying to tx today!
portable dvd player is out of battery and i forgot the charger  friggin suck  annoyed 
finally! im now officially in texas!
hello big screen hdtv with surround sound  ive missed you
just watched <propmale> miserab<propmale> at casa manana  they did a very good job  marius was awesome!
's amazing bubble bath has been tainted by the fact that he now feels extremely sick  annoyed 
has a timetraveling girlfriend!!!
there is no greater success in life than finding the one you love 
dog barking outside my window  please shutup!!!!!!!!!!
"watching a criminal minds where the guy finds his victims on social networking sites  you know, facebook, myspace, twitter, etc  creepy!"
i am posting this update on friday the 13th  how you may ask? cuz i live in the future
is flying home on friday the 13th   
doesnt feel well  annoyed   and his mobile facebook is stuck in texas time   
"\id rather be a brainless beast than a heartless monster\"" dragonball z canbe pretty deep sometimes"""
"you know why being a jedi is cooler? cuz you can have any colour lightsaber you want  you can have green, blue, purple, orange, yellow, etc  if you're a sith you're stuck with red  no options at all  i mean red is cool and all, but there's no variety!"
"is rather bored, and wishes he felt better  annoyed "
needs some company
"so, i was watching tv, and this kid was walkin around without pants on and all i could think was \is this guy wearing safety underwear?\"""""
facebook is still stuck in texas time    bleh
recital went well  i had fun with it
facebok won't let me write notes   
facebook is back in wa time!  laugh 
just got off the phone with my brother  he's leavin for honduras today  wont talk to him again til christmas!
"so, i woke up at 5 smile 0 to mow a lawn before my dentist appt at 9  it takes about 20 minutes to get there  i get there and the grass is totally soaked from the sprinklers  too wet to mow  theyd offered us some delicious apples from their tree too, which i discovered were all nasty  mow my hands smell like rotten apples from taking a few to show my mom  i am not a happy camper"
pulling an allnighter  i havent had one yet this summer!
trying to do an allnighter after 2 days of not sleeping well was not the best plan    yet somehow after 7 hours of sleep i feel totally rested
too lazy to make food  not too lazy to drive to papa <propfirst>'s and pickup a pizza
"\who wants a twig when you can climb a whole tree\"""""
ahhh! stupid game!!!! i am so ticked! i played a part twice cuz it glitched! and now it glitched again!!!
singles <propmale> is so funny!
"i am going to starve when i go to college because i am too lazy to cook for myself  my parents went out of town last week, so i was home alone for 4 days  you know what i ate in that for day? 2 frozen pizzas and a pizza from papa <propfirst>'s  thats it  that lasted me 4 days  and now i am starving but have no idea what to do since im too lazy to cook anything    maybe another frozen pizza"
"you know, i was gonna use this week to get back into a normal sleeping schedule for school, but i figure its the last week of summer go crazy!!!"
"in case anyone cares, this is my schedule\0-consumer ec\1-sem\2-hnrs precal\3-adv drama\4-ap world\5-woodshop\6-ap bio"
has bruises on his inner thighs from riding a mechanical bull at the fair
never letting <propfemale> steal my phone again
had his first actors nightmare
can only eat a couple sour patch kids cuz im sick
still too many sour patch kids  sad 
i was lookin through some old pics on facebook  my goodness i had a chubby face!
"lalala, school tomorrow  lalala, waking up at 5 smile 0"
is ridiculously tired and going to bed  now  goodnight 
naptime
"so im going to bed now, and getting up at 3 to do hw  if i take into account the time it takes to fall asleep, ill get about 8 hours of sleep  most ive gotten all week!"
what is bumbershoot?
"has a lovely food baby after eating a huge plate of spaghetti, and 2 bowls of apple crisp"
"i couldnt imagine a better girlfriend, no matter how hard i tried  im so lucky"
angst
just saw <propfirst> pilgrim  funniest movie ive ever seen!
"are you freaking kidding me  i was already in a crappy mood, and now i left my backpack at school? and now i have to waste the time and gas to go get so i can do my friggin homework"
got flipped off by a biker driving home today  also spent $10 on <propfemale>
"ive noticed that little kids are always the best actors  why? i have a theory  for them its not acting, they use real emotions  their creative minds allows them to accept their character as themselves, and the reality of the movie play tv show becomes their reality "
"1 4 pound of chocolate covered raisins? no, 1 4 pound of happiness"
"my 1 4 pound of happiness is gone  sad   good thing i have a 1 4 pound each of joy, delight, and pleasure"
its snack a twilighter day tomorrow!  laugh 
didnt get to smack any twilighters today  sad 
really doesnt want to go to bed   
bought a snuggie special for ashland
just found the right resonance to sing very loud on accident  i am now very happy
the count of <propmale> cristo is a great movie
did 100 lunges this morning  bad idea considering i had the sword seminar today    i also almost collapsed during a curtsi 
once again im up far too late  good thing i have a 10 hour busride to catch up on some sleep
i just met hamlet!!!
has no idea what to do with himself now that he's back from ashland
this was a bad day to get sick  annoyed 
life kinda sucks right now
according to chacha 76 9775% of statistics are made up
missed another day of school  not looking forward to the makeup work  annoyed 
oh gosh  am i really gonna miss another day of school?
"feeling a bit better, not entirely, but a bit   "
"facebook didnt seem to understand that i was showing off my calves in that picture  it completely got rid off them in its cropping! well, i showed facebook"
"already starting his hunt for a one act to direct next year  i love palnning a year in advance, yet having no idea what i'm even doing this weekend"
"watching my old schools production of fantasticks, or at lleast clips of it  its quite good, and its kinda fun wierd seeing everyone"
"sleepy time now, homework in the morning    yay!"
"had a very profound status prepared, but facebook said it was too long  i guess they dont want to know whats on your mind if you're having complex thoughts   "
a lot's happened in the past year   
according to facebook i am now 20 pounds underweight    a wierd concept since i used to be 20 over   
"needs to get out of the house, alas he has been abandoned my his friends  sad "
"really bored so i decided to search \<propfemale>\"" on facebook  i doscovered an interesting factt  there are a lot of asian people named <propfemale>"""
"\its not stalking if you love the person\"""""
are sword fighters allowed to watch the shows?
"is really getting into this paper about <propfemale> for ap world  i've spent about 2 hours so far perusing the textbooks, along with my own personal collection and have amassed about 3 pages of notes  overachiever? no, i just love history"
"feels so accomplished! spent about 2 and a half hours studying up on early <propfemale>, got 5 pages of notes, and is about to get ready for homecoming  ill write the actual paper tomorrow, but still! that was waaay better than if i'd spent all day watching tv  i should do this more often"
ordered my bow today!!!  laugh 
"to anyone who just got a message from me about a girl who got e playful elled for a facebook status, i apologize, i didnt do that  i appear to have been hacked, or spammed, or something"
facebook has friendship profiles now?
hates math with the firey passion of firey things
"it snowed just in time for me to leave, its in the 80s right now"
"i would like to play in the snow, except in order to do so there would need to be a 50 degree drop in the weather   "
"oh, i forgot to mention  i got into a staring contest with a lion the other day, and i won"
"too lazy to do my homework now, so now i got to bed and wake up really early in the morning to do it    yeah, thats how i roll"
christmas shoes has gotta be the best song ever
"just reported a facebook ad for twilight as \offensive \"" my day just got a little better"""
"was going to have a bum day in which i did nothing porductive at all today  almost made it to, but a couple hours ago m mom made me vacuum  ruined my whole day"
had an awesome day ice skating and e playful loring the mall with <propfemale>  nothing better!
dang technical errors! i was talking to someone really cool
"well, its official  i am no longer a mormon"
just read the tri-city herald article on how to succeed  they said i was a senior  that is all
is quite tired   
super excited nervous for auditions  i cant wait til tuesday!
auditions tomorrow  here goes nothing!
i am super bored    
knees are just funny looking  ive never met a person with nice knees before  they suck
angst
"has been reminded of the greatness of pokemon, and has pulled out his old pokemon games"
the dance tonight was awesome!!!
im looking up monologues  any suggestions for what type of character you thnik i would be good at?
today has been very nice  very nice indeed
"thanks for the birthday wishes, it has been quite a delightful day "
"april fool's! ha, jokes on all of you!"
just got a notification from collegeboard com that they let some spammers get my name and email address 
