f955b02e4de8c97772f81df5f8330ca3
old injury back to haunt me  outta commission right before co visit  total drag 
goin to grandpa's at the end of the month and convention in dayton a week after  finally something good to look forward to 
off to grandpa's today  oh yeah!
great convention! but all good things must come to an end 
"\happy endings are possible if you're willing to fight for it \"""""
"giving up is for losers, and i refuse to lose "
life in this system is about pain  taking pain and turning it into strength  strength to live and to help those you care about through their pain 
had loads of fun at soccer today   even though i was a little late  heh
internet modem died 2 days ago  finally got a new one so i'm back online!
time to party! oh yeah!
"the monotony returns  such is life, for now "
"what does one fight for in this system of things   oneself? friends? family? \love\""? i wonder   """
"ah, life   you never cease to dissapoint   "
"seems that the assembly day had a positive effect on quite a few people, young and old "
i have skype now so anyone who knows me add me  especially my old friends in florida  skype name: davis1228
                                              
what a drag   winter has never felt so empty before   
going to <propmale> park cong  on the last sunday of the month 
last minute change of plans  dad's talk date has been switched so me and him will be at <propmale> park tomorrow  totally wasn't ready for the change 
"just got back from <propmale> park  had a good time eating with the vastines, the ones who were there, and a few other nice brothers and sisters  today was actually a good day   so far "
   this sucks   
can't go to freakin sleep!
"the heart is treacherous, and yet without it there is no humanity  how to control it   "
"for the last 2 or so months i haven't slept very well, been sick to my stomach almost every night  i don't get it   "
i wonder what it's like to be at peace   the closest thing that comes to mind is sleep   
"   i wish something interesting would happen in my life (as in \good\"")  everything is so   empty   """
