c278e12687ce3c73ed4ed3eb4ca292ab
facebook is ugly sams herreee yayyy!!!
wake up and smell the couture  haha  ifc day  smile 
phones brokee  hahaaaaaaa 
wowww i forgett about facebook  annoyed   lol
is too tiiiiired to clean for <propfemale> or watch a movieee about 500 whooole days of summer  but i will  smile   smile   smile 
"staandd up, sit down don't do nothing it ain't no good when boss man's stuffin' it down their throats withho paper notes and then babies cry while cities lie at their feet  when you're rockin' the street  mamaa take me home sweet home  "
"thiis is a call of arms to live and love nd sleep togettherrr we could flood the streets wiith love or light or heat whateeverr lockk the parents out, cutt a rug, twist and shoutt wave your hands make it raiin for stars will riise againn  "
ohh noo i'm ganna be a biig kiiid  hahahaa
when you are following your personal legend the whole universe conspires to help you    
at house of bluessss drove up here in a limo biatchhhh!! smile   smile   smile 
everybody i know seems to know me well but does anybody know i'm ganna move like hell? ahh baby baby  
"gee, but it's hard when one lowers one's guard to the vultures now, me i regard it a torturous hardship that smolders like a peppermint eaten away will i fight? will i swagger, or sway?"
"i heard a man who had no lungs\he took me in and made me lunch\he told me how i'd lost my friend\he smiled at me it was the end  and i said  "
<propfirst>= sidward
i tell you what i'd get up if i knew why i fell  
mmmm and incase you feel like walkiin on the wild siide theres fatt aaaaaaaand sasssyyy 
<propfemale> put away my football game cheeessse  sad  oh welllll i don't neeeed it i got italian icecreammm!!! wink 
in the woodlands with gabby  smile 
i sprayed gabby and my grandmaa with the waterhoseeeee   on accident for realsieeees  annoyed   hahaaa
sugaarrr honeeeeey iiiiced tttteaaaaaaaaaaa ahahaha
my phone brokee   my blackberry storm phonee    i took it to the phone place  and just realized i somehow got a storm2    whaaaat a luckkky doggggg  smile 
it's time <propfemale> draggulate biitchess ahahaaa
declare independence don't let them do that to youu!!!!&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
omg omg  i'm ganna pass out  going to see aerosmith!!
saww aerosmithh yesterdayyy steven <propfirst> is so f i n e  fiiiine  
"\he said \""are you naked yet?\"" and i said \""h0n3y ch1ld 1 aint takiin of my crocs \"""""
wonders what tomorrow will be like 
"mmm sweet, soft, and low i will poison you all   wink "
the pumpkin eater  &hearts;
"yeah, i got enemies, but they don't know they won't get no <propfemale> on that side of the hole   &hearts;"
&hearts; gabrieeeeelllllahhhh!  smile   smile   smile 
but thanks to penicillin there's no need to be responsible!!!!!
"if ignorance is bliss, why aren’t more people happy?"
"i fouuuuunddddddd youuuu misss magooooooo,,,"
you could try to find ways to be happier  you miight end up somewhere in ethiopia  you can think big with your idea  you ain't never gonna find utopia  i was born free &hearts;
"gabby pinzon , it wouldd make me <propfemale> haapy if we freeew to the garaaxxxyyy, right now  annoyed "
was <propfirst> delarge from a clockwork orange at school today not fucking lady gaga  really 
super happy fun laand = super super cuteeee  smile 
"is,,,, in lovess with my bffffffff4llll gabby pinzon , laugh "
"if man is 5, if man is 5, if man is 5, then the devil is 6!,and if the devil is 6 then god is sevennn!  this monkeys gone to heavenn &hearts;"
"with your feet in the air and your head on the ground  try this trick and spin it, yeah  your head will collapse! but there's nothing in it and you'll ask yourself,,,where is my mind?&hearts;"
i smell smoke that come from a gun named extinction   &hearts;
hates lady gaga quit ruining my costumes you disgusting hag!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"but if i try to feel at all i am deceived  my mind's affected it's empty now, as i lay down  i feel alright my heart is racing   &hearts;"
"please, can you stop the noise i'm trying to get some rest   from all the unborn chicken voices in my head  &hearts;"
yesssssssssssssss just made a ducttape wallettt!!!!!! laugh 
"ahhh congrats mrs millss on your maternity leave!!!!!!!!!!!!happy happy happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\ laugh "
some people need their like buttons dismantled 
"may your thoughts be kind, may your knots unwind, may your dogs drink wine, may your days kill time, and may your fears  go blind as your regret rewinds, a little peace of mind\may you wake to find  it's just that time of the year that holds you dear &hearts;"
i can smell my piiies!!!pumpkin pies!!hahaa  &hearts;
prove you're alive  if you don't claim your humanity you will become a statistic 
"oh, so bored  boring status, huh? annoyed "
my cat is snoriiiing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love gabby pinzon she is the most important person in my life!! thankk goodness for my bestt frann!!!&hearts;
"you haven't seen elephantss, kings, or peru!! i'm happy to say i had better to do   what about <propfemale>? have you seen the great wall? all walls are great, if the roof doesn't fall   &hearts;"
is the party over because of a bunch peodophiles? srsly? it shouldn't be?
"with some people you can stick your hand in their face, and they'll shamlessly attempt to make it a high five "
where is my mind 
"i can't believe it  i could never make better use of the term \bullshit\""  that's exactly what it is  i've never been more tired of this stupid shit """
this is your life and it's ending one minute at a time &hearts;
"who cares? it's painful either fucking way  yeah, and even more so because i'm the only person who does care  it just makes me think, i'm glad i got away from that shit while i could "
"this is a call of arms to live and love and sleep togetherr   we could flood the streets with love or light or heat whatever, &hearts;  wink "
"je voudrais juste tefaire l'amour jusqu'au bout la vie est bien trop courte: tu devrais en profiter je n'ai pastoute la nuit, alors viens m'embrasser   i wanna hear you scream my name as you feel the pressure use the button on your left if you need a doctor   &hearts;"
on the phone with my bff prince-kyle sjostrom iii !  wink 
darbyyy loves cape fearrr! omg yesss mouth full of fayyyyce!hahaa
bang  are you offerin me somethin hot?
i just joined stickam com! come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com darbymachine
ohh no  annoyed 
i'm cursed  my mouth once had a filter   but latley it's been having problems making fckking use of itself   annoyed 
i am <propfirst>'s complete lack of surprise 
"true, i talk of dreams, which are the children of an idle brain, begot of nothing but vain fantasy, which is as thin of substance as the air and more inconstant than the wind, who wooes even now the frozen bosom of the north, and, being anger'd, puffs away from thence, turning his face to the dew-dropping south   "
can not waiiit to party with my jellieee 2mozzzzz todayy?? yeahh  wink 
i'm still in bed  because this house is an igloo 
phoneees fckedd up have to use this ghetto thing bleghh i most likely don't have your number saved textt <propfemale> 
"i'm miss world, watch me break and watch me burn! no one is listening, my friend  now i've made my bed and i'll lie in it &hearts;"
wouldn't mind a somewhat intellect based conversation right noww hahaa
"no thought was put into this, i always knew it'd come like this  things have never been so swell   i have never felt this real!! pain, pain, pain, pain   you know you're right  &hearts;"
"oh my gashh, planet terror is such a goofey movie why am i ballingg?!!"
at my jelliiess partyyyy  laugh  you shouuld textt <propfemale>  don't have my number? inboxxx  wink 
omfg nowhere is on 
"oh, <propfirst> wow you just looked like me for a split second  wow, you arrrre suchh a pretty little girl "
on the quest for glow in the dark bubble bathhh with my jujiefruit todayy!!&hearts;
<propfemale> lobes you dd  smile  haqqqed laugh (happy <propfirst> <propmale> qwing day)
i can't believe any of this 
"maybe i need some rehab,,,or maybe just need some sleep   &hearts;&hearts;&hearts;"
"driinkiinn strawberry milk 2 yearrrs past the e playful iration daaaate  yeahhh, i'm a harddcorree biiytchhhhh "
"what's wrong? what's right? y'know people don't care when they hate their life  but how can i e playful lain personal pain? how can i e playful lain personal pain? how can i e playful lain my voice is in vain   how can i e playful lain the deep down  driving, driving, driving,,,,were drivingg hey dad speaking of driving come on dad gimme the car tonightt &hearts;"
when i grow up i wanna be a black jamaican guy like  the kind that sounds like jar jar biinks  yeahh 
despite all my rage i am still just a rat in a cage  then someone will say what is lost can never be saved &hearts;
"you don't own, you don't own, you don't own me  you don't own what none can buy "
bleghh neverr minnd what was i even thinking!?
<propfemale> thinks     ?
excuse me for being fucking real  i've learned never to see it as a bad thing babbyyyy 
why did no one tell me that don't mess with the zohan is the sexiest movie ever 
"come and get the dream ghosts right through the cemetery feel the morning rain,\dancing roundd the colosseum i can not e playful lain,,,something in your chemistry power to your brain power to the minds museum &hearts;"
"a heart that's full up like a landfill, a job that slowly kills you, bruises that won't heal  you look so tired and unhappy  bring down the government   they don't, they don't speak for us   i'll take a quiet life, a handshake of carbon monoxide   no alarms and no surprises please, &hearts;"
vamos a jugar por la playa!!
would would would you like to disco?
"you're taking the fun out of everything, making me run when i don't want to think   you're taking the fun out of everything i don't want to think at all  there's no other way there's no other way  all that you can do is watch them play &hearts;"
omg <propfemale> orr is just suchhh a greatt person!!!!!!!!!!!bed bath and bady works is thaa worstt benauuuuuhghghhhtttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!
receptionists get to watch descontrolado!!!ayyayayyee!!!! love 
black hole sun  won't you come? and wash away the rain?&hearts;
poor <propmale> isn't that mean he's jessst a leetle kaiid he can't hate everythiing quit making him piss on your problems 
"i sound like this   scared to say what is your passion, so slag it all, bitter's in fashion   fear of failure's all you've started, the jury is in  verdict: retarded  i'm so tired and i'm wired too, i'm a mess,i guess, i'm turning on the screw &hearts;"
"watchiing goodfellas  auuuhh yesssss  \but i got too admit the truth  it turned me on \"" &hearts;"""
"he turns and says \are you alright?\"" i said \""i must be fine cause my heart's still beating!\""  love """
i'm a lesbian    and i need to learn how to log out of facebook after i'm done using my sisters phone    smile 
lossst my phoneeee ofcoursee 
sitting at home thinking too hard is the worst  skins doesn't even help 
everything is falling apart 
"just got called a \douche bag\"" this is a firsttt deliiiciioo!! wink """
im sorry but omg ftw ke$ha and <propmale> <propmale> sucking face dio
i didn't finish omg <propmale> <propmale> and ke$ha sucking face diosss miiiiosss oh hot damn she is the only bitch worthy im in love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!best couple ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!have an accident you guys!make the best little musical bastard you can it will be grand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
blood doesn't mean shit when you lack respect 
i want to dedicate the restt of my life to becoming a mexican soap opera actrice  i just feeeeeell its appropriate i know this deep down in mi coronaa or coriiisoooone or something 
hacked <propfemale> lolz i love you smile 
ridiiin home with jujiefuit from muff!!!!ahahahhaa made so manyyy best friends whatt a way to end spring breakkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
week days are the devil i need mo beachhh nowishhh 
everything about <propmale> potter completley disgusts me  
"on  cartoon networck not adult swim there are a bunch of unicorns with mohawks and one dressed up as my lover <propfirst> from a clockwork orange   and they just made a giant mocking bird thing drink their jizz  i'm in love you guys, this only validates my future in animation even further    love "
you can ask me where i'm going   and i'll tell you crazy  but when i get to where i'm going you should come with me  wink 
"okay so i heard <propfemale> black is coming to town once i figure who all is ganna come with and decide what seats to take, the shits ganna go live forrealls "
stupid gameboy commercial don't you dare butcher my wolfmother  love 
i have a dream  it's to get the fuck away from here!
"live life, don't avoid death "
i lack respect because i'm just too smart for that shit 
american idol ruins everything steven <propfirst> was mine once upon a time  heart-broken 
mentally exhausted this is a public service announcement! i forfeit i give up i'm done gtfo have fun all of yallllls  wink 
"hey all a you cool caaattttssss!!!!lets all shag!!yeahh we'll be danciing all 50's like up on the floor to that hardcore rap shit you know dmx  2 live crew nwa it'll be the bees knees, bitches  wink "
