ff8c0069cc8a8a3c6fd38aeb446cc137
movin to bend next week!!  i'm super excited!!
still super stoked about moving to bend - i just really hate packing!!
"so tomorrow we get the u-haul (if anyone wants to help load it up!?!) and then we're headed out thursday morning!!  i'm getting even more excited, and completely sick of packing!!"
"we made it!!  what a long day - a long week - no, a long month!  but we're here, and i'm finally gonna get some well-deserved sleep!!"
"we just finished unloading the u-haul into our storage unit   we still have to organize our stuff in the house, but that can wait until after a night of drinkin!!  i think we deserve a drink    or seven   "
"so, the plan was to organize our room today     but we are working off a night of drinkin instead     just snuggling, watchin movies, and eatin pizza!"
"pretty much a lazy day - homework, laundry, organizing our room     yep, that's about it"
we finally got our room all organized today!  it's starting to feel quite homey!
grr    post office    grr!!!  where's my money?  grr again   
"getting ready to go camping for the weekend!!  i'm sick, and i've never gone camping while i've been sick     but hey, at least there will be a bathroom all around me!  and i've definitely gotten sick in the woods before     so, i should be alright!!"
just got back from campin and i'm totally exhausted!  i can't wait to hop in a nice hot shower and sleep in a real bed!!
just wanted to let all my friends in reedsport know that i'll be coming home this weekend!  miss you all!
"you know how sometimes life doesn't just gives you lemons - it throws them at your face!?!  well, i've been hit by a few lemons and i just wanted to say thank you to everyone providing the sugar for my lemonade!!"
sunshine please stay - homework go away!!
i'm missing my boyfriend like crazy right now!!  maybe it would help if i stopped watching chick flicks - hmm   
"you know those days where you just can't seem to wake up?  well, that's been the last few weeks for me     i just hope this half-awake half-asleep state begins to be filled with amazing dreams!"
spent the last two days at the lake and am getting nice and brown!  yay for sunshine!
it's seriously the middle of june - where's the sunshine?!  i can't wait til november when i go to hawaii!  until then i guess i'll just have to get my vitamin d via the tanning bed   
finally done with finals!!  yay!!  let summer begin!
"not only am i done with finals, but i just found out i got an a+ on a final exam and an a on a final essay!!  i'm super stoked!  only a few more classes to go til i'm finished with my ba!!"
"busy weekend ahead: lake tomorrow, party tomorrow night, party saturday, wedding saturday evening, then headed back to bend on sunday!!"
headed back to bend tomorrow!!
i'm back in bend ~ loving the sunshine and my man & starting summer term today!
today is mine and <propmale>'s 5 year anniversary!!  what a crazy 5 years it has been!
"well     i'm back in reedsport for awhile     i swear this town is like a black hole - but hey, it's home!"
"had an awesome time camping at the lake and \hanging out with friends this weekend!  didn't watch fireworks, but still had\ a great 4th!!"
"i still haven't quite figured out what \we're taking a break\"" means     all i know is that it hurts like hell!"""
i'm loving the sunshine!!  too bad it's a homework day  i wonder if my wifi will reach to the back yard?!?
<propmale>'s here visiting me!!  smile 
what a nice day of homework in the sunshine with my <propfemale> dog!
i'm back in bend for awhile!
just soakin up the sunshine in bend!
grr     i hate money!  no - let me rephrase that     i hate not having money!!
relaxing last day in bend floating the river!  it's back to reedsport tomorrow   
home sweet-bittersweet home
surprise: the impossible is possible!  despite being told i would never be able to get pregnant & despite being on the pill     i'm 17 weeks pregnant and i just found out last week!
"the ultrasound went good today!  baby is moving a lot, and the heartbeat is regular and normal   it was pretty awesome to be able to share it with my mom and <propmale> - now they're even more excited!"
ugh     finals start tomorrow     but then i have 2 weeks off from school!!
my baby doctor appointment went well yesterday!  everything looks good!!!  i'm now 19 weeks - almost halfway there    due date is <propfirst> 12th! and the doctor's 90-95% sure it's a girl!!!
finished with finals ~ all a's!!  two weeks off from school and only a couple terms left!
"baby and i had the high-tech ultrasound this morning - it went really well!  everything looks normal and the baby's growing perfectly!!  oh, and it's definitely a girl!!"
"what?  rain on my birthday?  sad   thank you all for your birthday wishes, it really means a lot!!  now i just wish for sunshine!"
"ahh!! my left leg, ankle, and foot have been swollen for 3 weeks now  my left ankle is 2 inches bigger than my right!  i have had 3 appointments with my doctor and finally saw her today for a total of 3 minutes   she tells me it is varicose veins!  no - i don't think so     i have one vein in my leg that might be considered a varicose vein   otherwise, my leg is ridiculously swollen, it hurts, and it's purplish   "
"so, i saw a different doctor today for my swollen leg   i still don't know what's wrong     he wants to look at the results from my ultrasound and my labs   hopefully i'll know soon - i'm so impatient!"
finally figures out why my leg ankle foot is swelling - i have an infection   so i'm out of commission for a few days and on antibiotics   glad to finally know whats wrong!!
"well, my foot and leg still hurts, but the swelling is better - either way it's back to work tomorrow!  i still can't believe i had an infection for a whole month before the doctors figured out what was wrong   "
good news and bad news: good news - i'm feeling the baby kick a lot now!  bad news - i still have this damn infection in my leg!
so excited - headed to corvallis tomorrow to watch my beavz!!  come on beavers!!
today i'm 26-weeks along!  only 98 days til the due date!
go beavz!!  <propmale> upset!  i'm lovin it!!
today is day one of the my third trimester - only 13 weeks to go!
"so exhausted - pregnant, sick with a cold, finals weeks, and working full-time     i need to get some rest before baby gets here!!"
"just finished a 16 <propfemale> singled spaced, 10,000+ word american lit final essay     wish i could celebrate with a glass of wine!  instead i'm having some v8 juice and a reese's   "
"went to the beavz game with dad today!  great game, we didn't even get rained on!  now - go trojans!!"
i read in one of my baby books that one day of being pregnant takes the energy required to run a marathon     add working full-time and going to school full-time on top of that - no wonder i'm so tired!!
hawaii countdown - 11 days til we fly out!!
in a week from right now i'll be watching a beautiful hawaiian sunset!
5 days from right now i'll be arriving at the resort on maui!!
lazy day - doing homework and gonna watch the beavz win!
really beavers?  washington state?  super bummed   
currently in portland   updated countdown: will be arriving on maui in 15 hours!!  so excited!!
just wanted to say aloha!  we made it here safe and sound   i'm currently sitting on the lanai in 77 degree weather and lovin it!!
working on midterms during my vacation - lame!!
getting ready for a busy weekend     civil war game tomorrow and my baby shower on sunday!
had an amazing time at my baby shower yesterday!  thank you so much to everyone who came for making it so special!!
"i had an ultrasound yesterday   baby is doing good - she's measuring perfectly, very active, and we could even see hair on her head!  but during the ultrasound i found out i have gallstones     but atleast baby is healthy!"
had a baby doctor appointment today   baby's doing good!  only 4 more weeks to go and i'm already dilated 1 cm!
"had another baby doctor appointment yesterday   doctor said my body is ready - i'm dilated to almost 2 cm!  so, now it's just a matter of when baby is ready!!"
hope everyone had a very <propfemale> christmas!!
"so far baby has been very cooperative!  she's waited til after i finished finals, and waited til after christmas     now if she'll wait til we finish moving into our new house i'll be very appreciative!"
"after 28 hours of labor, mikyla <propfemale> moss was born at 7:54 am on sunday, january 16th   she weighs 6 lbs 10 oz, and is 19 & 1 2 inches long   she's beautiful, happy, and healthy!!!  <propmale> and i couldn't be happier parents - we're already so in love!!"
baby mikyla and i are doing awesome!  i can't believe she'll already be two weeks old tomorrow     i'm loving being a mom!!
had my gallbladder removed today!  i freaking hurt and the pain meds aren't touchin it     sad   at least <propfemale> baby has an awesome daddy and grandparents to take care of her!
"crazy week!!  recovering from surgery, we all have a cold, started class, and trying to balance all of this and be a mom     each time she smiles though it makes me forget how stressed i am!  i love being a mom!!"
