4c8c6469fd687913f894a42e5fd19882
in oregon  <propfirst>  2 - 8? i won't have internet connection there  bye for now 
"off to oregon at 4 surprise 0 am to get on the 1st of two planes  i'll be back in time for school  \\<propfemale> your loved ones for you never know when they'll suddenly no longer be there and you never got to say good-bye and i love you  \sorry if i've made you depressed    i just have a lot going on now "
trying to figure out what to do today  it feels so weird to graduate high school 
going to my favorite state on friday  it takes two planes and quite a bit of driving to get there  it's by a large body of water and has a famous lake in it  oh and it's climate varies depending on what part of the state you're in greatly  guess where!
"with it being just my mom and me this time it wasn't too bad, in fact i'd say that was the fastest and easiest packing i've ever done  ^ _ ^ !!"
so much to do yet nothing at all  sparklers get really annoying when the sputter and refuse to light  anyone notice that the smaller fountains seem to last longer than the bigger ones?
"i'm back! quick warning, cruise ships have salt water pools "
it's so freaking hot here  i get heatstroke easily so i really miss the cool coast of oregon 
i'm going to get to meet the people i'm going to collage with on sat !!!! i'm nervous but at least i'll know somebody before i start 
i can't wait to start <propfemale>  i love that it's only about 30 <propfemale>  away  what about you all?
"my, cats are so funny  one of them snores grunts every once in awhile "
"gah! i have to get gas for my car, then drop off my dad at work, and go to my <propfemale> orientation!"
i feel like a chauffeur  i drove to chantilly on monday to drop off then later pick up my sister from her field trip oh and pick up my dad on the way home after  i should probably mention that my dad recently broke his clavicle (collar bone) to clarify why i'm playing taxi driver 
got lost while coming back from <propmale> and end up in leesburg (sp) and my phone died for no reason  i swear it does that on purpose cause this isn't the 1st time it has happened 
"luckily, i was able to get myself un-lost and make it home  whew    and that's just these three days  how is everyone else getting along? \p s  my sister came home and put my cat's tail in my face ( my nose) while i was taking a nap marathon "
oh my gosh! i'm so nervous yet excited to finally start college tomorrow! gah! tell you mon  afternoon when i get back if my nervous energy gets the better of me or not 
i am starting to hate circles 
too   many   circles   
"i pass on the 1st, maybe the 2nd, and take the 3rd "
"oh my gosh, i didn't think the first week of college would have so much homework! i have three drawing projects, an abstract psd project, two big reading assignments, a two <propfemale> journal (essay), and another essay  i might be missing something or other  gah! and the 'journal' is only for an intro class that lasts one more day  need   more   time   "
i am such an idiot 
halloween hates me 
happy birthday to neggin btw 
i feel like screaming and cursing right now  freaking hell i'm a stupid idiot 
"yeah, i'm still annoyed at halloween but i'm back to myself "
gahhhh!!!! i hate homework! and sharpies run dry to quickly 
"to all of my friends at <propfemale>  i accidently left my sweater at school yesterday and now cannot find it  it's a black zip-up hoodie, with thumb holes  it is also covered in a lighter shade of blackish-gray designs with oregon coast written across the front in white  please tell me if you find it "
so i found it  momo took it with her so someone else wouldn't take it  (sigh of relief) thank goodness 
no b-day party  it's canceled due to the weather  'sniff' maybe next weekend or some other time 
