1d8c4a95b55377225be867d2aae86c7c
doesnt really feel like summer yet
hungry as hell but cant find any food!
getting out of the house for once
just got back from the beach sarahs puppy is amazing!!!
cc today was killer  on my way to winning the mile thursday!
i need a girl  haha
tired of being single  sad 
about to go to cc then of to win the mile!
just got done with the mile race at patuxent  won it but ran a poo time 4 minutes 54 seconds  sad 
finally got my license!!!!!!!!
of to a basketball tournament this weekend
finally back home for two days
i gotta get some sleep  i am way to beat up from basketball 
off to cc camp
finally back home
somebody interesting and new text me im bored as hell
tired as hell but just took a nap  sad 
running is a terrible thing to do   
watching taken and any other movie i find
off to breton bay to kick some ass in golf!
god damn i need a life
off to breton bay to kick some more ass in golf!!
just got done running     i think my knees are going to e playful lode this season  sad  to bad for college  haha
looking for colleges sucks!!!
f my life  knees are gonna e playful lode  sad 
bored as hell!!!!!!!!!!!!
off to my last summer league game  then gonna sleep from a crazy busy day for me
college search is on once again
im to bored to continue with it  annoyed 
shit i need a life  haha
i wish there was good tv on at this time
just finished watching frailty or something along those lines  im scared like a little girl  haha
off to a blue crabs game with the elite guys  f my life baseball sucks
everytime i sit down things just get more complicated
confused about everything! i cant seem to figure it out
im still tired from cross country  tryouts are gonna be bad
cross country was bad  f my life
i have never been this sore  haha
tomorrow i get to be a cop!
i just want to not be sore for one day  haha
"1-2 late entry, 3rd bc calc, 4th <propfemale>, 5th lunch, 6th ac, 7-8th ap bio"
anybody have 6th ac???
ready to get shat on by <propfirst>  great
i really have a problem focussing on summer assignments  lets see if i can tackle ap bio in one day 
i am officially ap bios bitch
still gotta do bio!!!!!!!!!!
bio = complete  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
late entry kicks asssssss
thanks for all the happy birthdays  haha
i hate bug bites that itch  sad 
ap bio kicks booty!!
lightning on the track!!!!
wish i had done something tonight  bored bored bored bored
cc really takes it out of you
bored as hell  someone text me 
nothings on tv!
damn you <propfirst>
get to go golfing!!!!!
tired  from actually doing stuff lately
best mood ever!!!!
da bears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate <propfemale>
i mean i guess 7th is ok?
finding nemo sucks!!!!
f this is difficult
best day ever!
great today is smac and i feel like death
i for real think i may die  i hate being sick
why am i up so early??!?!?! i dont have to be in school til 9 30
i shouldnt have put ap bio labs off til now
sore as hell from basketball
dear god it got worse
come on bears  sad 
guess who just learned to bridge!
and learned the charlier cut
i am cod god
i hope phalen dies
f basketball
and i have way to much pent up anger  haha
heres to the start of a horrific day
so 360's in the warthog arent as entertaining as one might think  scary as shit
straight gaming
i have never had such a burning feeling of hate for someone as i do now
of course its cold in my house  heating doesnt exist
bored as shit  thank god for tv
dont you just love it when they read bible verses over the radio???? hahahahaha
i ate to much pizza   sad  8 slices  still havent beat my record of ten
the great mouse detective!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
phuck phalen
i hate ski trip
chocolate cake for breakfast?!?
phalens journal suck!
i hate biting through my own lip in basketball  kiss (
never fear nerdassault is here!!!!!!!
"your sweet moonbeam, the smell of you in every single dream i dream"
i think im going to save the world yet again
so everyone else is sleeping in and i have to get up at normal time for college class  cooooooool
homework is keeping me from playing assasins creed ii!!!!!!
so i have been up since 8 running errands freaking cool
fuck my ass assasins creed was a beast ass game
time to have a date with my bitch  laugh 
i just realized that two v's equal a w vv w  you cant even tell!!!!
sooo running with <propfemale> and <propmale> is really really really hard
i need help with the calc take home test  sad 
best day ever
i hate homework bad
only 6 more days til track
i need help with calc problem!!!!
i am officially the last person up  sweeeet
best day ever tomorrow
im gonna die
scratch that im not gonna die  i have died already
i think i can get a shot at professor chaos sir!!!! you think your bullets can hurt him?!?!?!
http annoyed  www formspring me shageman
i hate writing  sad 
elite 4 = my bitch
then of course i turn it off to early and it doesnt save  coooooool
i had csm spring break last week and didnt do any of my work  sweeeeet
got my beautiful girl tomorrow
f track
of course on my spring break im doing csm shit  coooool
sooo its 2:43 and i just remembered i have csm in the morning       sweeet
track in the 90 degree weather is hell 
shag means sex      <propfirst> hageman s hageman s hag shag i am the definition of sex  hahahahahahaha
i hate essays  sad 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck i lose my god damned spikes the day before smac  sweeeeeeet
if anyone has a size 11 5 mid distance spikes  i may need them for tomorrow 
ay one of smac done and my legs are dead  i may die tomorrow
i mean 2nd in regionals and another school record is ok for our 4x800 
yay box!!!!!
usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
golf???? yessssssssssssssssssss  laugh 
i think i'm gonna live in breeton bay now
i wish my plans would work out for once       unluckiest guy on the planet
you had me at dicks fuck assholes
hoooooooooooooooooly shat
boreddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  no one is up at 1 smile 0
fuck this splint
(303): dude turns out her best friend is lesbian   there is no wingman for this situation
you man the island and the cocaine and the elegant cars
<propfemale> ogden  and i found the missing link between us and monkeys
yay for judo
yay for judo sore as shat
sweet assssss new laptop!!!
dont you just love having nothing to do?
baltimore judo club sound good????? yessss
just a drop of water in an endless sea
"i close my eyes, only for a moment, and the moment's gone"
real hype for next week
beach sunday anyone???
riding solo nigggggga
"i may be a virgin, but i could fuck you up"
my neck is gonna fall off from judo  hollllllllllly shat
off to dc for judo  yesssss
munchos are addicting like crack
adventure filled day planned nicccccccce
if i wanted you to talk i would shove my hand up your ass and work your mouth like a puppet
"look at you!!\no look at you!!\i wish i was someone else so i could look at both of us "
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much fun rigjt now
grand time tonight  hhahahahahhahabaha
i'm a peacock! you gotta let me fly!!!
i hate going to the mall  i dont even know why im going
cleaning out my room for college
"<propfirst>, sweet d, and <propfirst> are my favorite people ever"
just got skype!
i got my ass kicked at judo yess
just realized in all of those picture things where you tag people and it says who they are  i am always the asshole or best smile  nice  haha
you better be prepared to put her on suicide watch once you fuck her 
moving in  yesssss
just got back from basketball  got my ass dunked on  nice
my rhymes are so potent that in the small segment i made all of the ladies in the first two rows pregnant
i love having no monday classes  laugh 
laundry day  sad 
so my team ditched me today and they got classes  i am off to shoot by my lonesome 
bingo?!?!?!?!?
t-minus 16 hours to memorize a map of 300 ad europe  easy shit
just conquered europe
thursday? class at 9 o clock? still going out 
my boy <propfirst> <propmale> is sooo good at call of duty  laugh 
<propfirst> <propmale> just went 12 and 6 good as poop
quick scope
boooooored in my room
i throw my hands up in the air sometimes
soooooooo monday funday was retarded
dont you just love waking up then thinking i have class? then 2 seconds later thinking screw class and go back to bed?
yessssssssssssssssssssssssssss optional 8 o clock class in the library  means im not going   smile 
i love <propfemale>
i need to know how to paint mself like a tiger
lets get sour on some krauts
i love going to the gym and getting the huge feeling after
just my luck i need modeling <propmale> too for psych
it is a straight downpour  and i have class at 4:20  god damn it
off to sleep in my lonely room  annoyed 
"let's make some musi,c make some money, find some models for wives"
<propfemale> <propmale> gives old men handies  wink 
is it <propfemale> in philadelphia?
yeaaaaa skipped my hour classs today  haha  just wasnt feeling it
almost six hours straight of halo  great day
da bears
i feel horrible  off to sleep then up bright and early with my boys  wink 
dont you just hate waking up then not being able to go back to sleep?
well now that i am fully awake and have never been up this early yet  i am going to get soooooooooooooooo much stuff done
yesss  waking up early to do my drawing homework  i am about to put picaso to shame
<propfemale> wants some <propfemale>  wink 
today is the day  attempting the cinnamon challenge and saltine challenge with <propfirst> brown and <propmale> robertson  laugh 
what a great end to an even better weekend     yea good joke
death by snu snu   *whimper*    what are you gay?
i have evaded death today    
the smell of you in every single dream i dream
i like boys 
finally up in time for breakfast????
i wish it could be the weekend all the time  sad 
hurt my wrist  crying  niceeeeeeeeee
i hate laundry
no way?! this is sooo tits!
made a friend on chatroulette? whaaaaat? hahaha
f drawing homework tonight
drawing  sad  running on 5 hours of it
i've got two dicks in my butt and one in my mouth  smile  who else wants to join?
a playa always adapts to the game
i am the robot unicorn attack master
get back mother fucka you dont know me like dat
nothing on tv? niceee
<propfemale> <propfirst> & <propfirst> brown the redskins beat the bears fairly  i have no excuses for the terrible quality of play for <propfirst> cutler  4 interceptions    really? well played
"'i'm not gonna take her out on a date     i'm just gonna get her drunk then fuck her \"",2010-10-26 01 smile 8:10""",1d8c4a95b55377225be867d2aae86c7c,i am not feeling class today at all
about to pass out at 9 30?
"\they look like swamp trees  like something ******* would have in her vagina \"""""
going home friday  laugh 
i am amazed people are even still up
next semester= hell  two different science labs and possibly a math? yess
sweet d here i come!
"\ashley wants a black weiny\"" <propmale> delahay \",1d8c4a95b55377225be867d2aae86c7c,i am straight making this psych project my bitch
either psych project that is due tomorrow orrrr find an apartment for next year? i wonder which is a better way to spend my time
this new south park is killing me  hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
i enjoy men
when things are going bad there is nothing like an old  fashioned to ease his stress 
well that is jus y luck guess who doesnt have class?!?! hahaha
stuff
shittokimushrooms
why do i feel a strange4 attraction to cockz
home finally  laugh 
da bears  laugh 
i'm more atari
i need more friends  off to dinner by myself  yaaay
"\is it true that you are a robot? i prefer the term love machine \""\",1d8c4a95b55377225be867d2aae86c7c,i  love  jank chicks
i enjoy the enormous wein  wink 
i hate writing papers and having a broken computer
i gotta get my fuck on <propfirst> brown <propfirst> <propmale>
homeeee
f parents college kicks ass you can go out whenever you want
nice dropped my phone and now it is broken needs some <propfirst>
being home kicks ass  nothing to do everrrr
"hey there mr  hindu, <propfemale> f*%#ing christmas!!!!"
awh ugly duckling!
babysitting all day      niceeee     
wedding singer  laugh 
<propfirst> hageman + snowboarding = broken wrist 
out macho a gay guy? oh my stars!
brought home a w in 500 rummy
why is running so hard       
running  crying 
off to <propfirst>'s college  lets see what ship has to offer
i heart pee pee in and around my mouth  smile 
"<propfirst> <propmale> \i can take it like a freaking champ  wink \"""""
why oh why  why must she be so damn fly? then turn around and be so dumb? where the fuck dis broad come from?
what is it? monday funday today?
weekend?
good ass night!!!!
i love boyssssssss   love 
i eat bat guano
i like smearing bbq sauce all over my body  wink 
chattanooga central purple pounders!!!!!!
whales  love 
dolphins  love 
mermaids  love 
yayyy for leaving facebook up in dans room 
i swear to god if it is bigger than mine im gonna pass out
most pointless holiday
gotta write a paper adn do two labs  niceeee
freakin zen west how i love you
woaaaaaaah dont you take a dookie  but i have to <propfirst>  sad 
"(914): \i cant yet im literally covered in lube but i will later"
well this is awkward       left my facebook up and my birthday magically changes  hahaha
karting and sharting
ballin like a black man
i am feeling no classes tomorrow
what symbol should i get on my shirt?
question for facebook--> should i shave my head tomorrow?
damn you chem lab
"mom and dad wont leave me alone \how?\they always try talking to me about my feelings    \\oh <propfemale>"
kario mart = a good night no matter what we do
new way to entertain myself look at all the pathetic people on craigslist hahahhahahaa
chipotle for breakfast is a <propfemale> idea
pre-rage routine
my man <propfirst>  wink 
<propmale>  love 
looks like i am going home this weekend
home now
i am still lightening on the track
sooo tonight is going to be studying the biology of burnetts in the human body
<propfemale> <propmale> likes me
home
had no where to sleep last night so i ended up sleeping in the mckays parking lot  haha
being home alone still sucks ass and is boring as ever sad 
thank you facebook for taking time away from my bio outline
question for the day is should i go to math or not tomorrow at 8
"holy drunken rage, walked back from zen in the cold rain"
"stapled myself     check\mohawk        check\how i got back into my dorm      mystery"
