46609c8a5db23eb9bf66dc010c4edf9e
"i suppose this is the first day of the rest of my life  i am homeless, jobless (for now) and own nothing  i've closed doors and trying to unlock windows  i have the love of my girls, family and friends, what better to start a new life with "
"<propfirst> and i have had a wonderful day  lunch at shucks on the levee, a little shopping and watched the movie gamers, a bit intense  i'm sitting in her room on call and she is at the math lab for a couple of hours  will stop at the grocery store and head back to the \dead zone\"" around 10p cst """
"my first day in syracuse was quite interesting  the city is nothing like cities in the south  it appears to be more complicated to navigate  they even have round abouts for <propmale> roads  the hospital looks very intimidating  forget the fact that its huge, its downtown with lots of one way roads, roads under bridges and there is construction going on  wish me luck!! oh, its 55 degrees up here and raining "
"my first day off from work was cold, rainy and miserable  today on the other hand was absolutely fabulous  granted its still a bit cold 55, but the sun was out  i went to the apple orchards to pick apples but ended tasting apple wine and apple vodka  yum! then headed to a small town to eat lunch that was absolutely breathtaking  it was situated on a huge lake, very quaint  very nice day "
"<propfemale> has been here since thursday night  we have had the best time  we are going to have a great time picking apples, tasting apple wine and apple vodka then lunch at a very quaint little town  i'm going to miss her terribly  we both wish <propfirst> were here!!"
i miss everyone terribly!! its definitely not how i thought i was going to spend my 50th birthday 
d day is here and everyone wishing me happy birthday is making it so much better  thank you for thinking about me  i miss everyone and hope to see you soon  i'm off to write a paper for school then possibly a movie and dinner  any suggestions on movies?
"i'm off for the next two days  hoping to get lots accomplished  i will be so glad when i finish my algebra class, its killing me  its 28 degrees here with no snow but at least its not raining ice  that is what is does when its below freezing point right? hope everyone is having a great day "
"there is snow on the ground (just a little) and its actually 33 degrees today and the sun is shining  went on a 4 mile walk on the erie canal  it was fabulous  forget algebra for a while, i'm heading to skaneateles for some apple wine and do lunch on the lake  i miss everyone!!!"
"when i woke up this morning, there was 6\ of snow on my fj cruiser  i can tell you it is no fun brushing off snow at 6 in the morning before work  and people willingly live up here  <propfirst>  the 4th can't get here soon enough!!"""
"i have finally finished my algebra class!!!! thank the good lord! after spending countless hours and tons of frustration, i got a b  needless to say that will mess up my grade point average  but i'm thankful for the b but more importantly just for passing  its snowing here in syracuse, very pretty  a bit cold 19 degrees  but the sun is out!!! everyone have a great day!"
"i've made it to st  <propfirst> missouri  its about an hour or so out of st  <propfirst>  i have to admit, i thought i was going to die this morning  i started out in erie, <propfemale>  there was an additional 2' of snow, the interstate had a trail to follow, the snow was falling blindly and i kept sliding on the roads  i quite counting at 5 of the number of cars that had slid off the interstate  hope everyone had a great day!!"
i've made it to california  i only have 5 hours left to drive tomorrow to get to my new apartment in <propfemale> <propfemale>  i have to say i didn't think i would ever get here  2500 <propmale> is a long way to drive by yourself  thanks for all the support on my journey 
"my first day in <propfemale> <propfemale> was quite productive  i got my car hand washed, inside and out for $17  what a deal  i <propfemale> to the farmers market for some fresh fruits and vegetables and hummus (yum)  i also got my internet hooked up  i've unpacked all my boxes and i cooked dinner in my apaartment for the first time  hope everyone is having a great weekend!"
"yesterday i spent the day at fisherman's wharf  had a shrimp sandwhich and clam chowder at alioti's  it was fabulous  then went on a brisk 3 5 mile walk and looked at all the different piers  saw some different sites, including people and watched a little break dancing  nice day "
"well, i actually start my new assignment tomorrow  unfortunately, i have an entire week of hr and computer training  i know its not going to be boring  california is definitely different from the rest of the country but in a nice way  i've enjoyed e playful loring and look forward to lots more day trips  i miss everyone back home!!"
"my next assignment is in sitka, alaska  yea!!"
"my last day at kaiser san <propfirst> is tomorow  then i have less than 24 hours to pack my belongings, pack my car, get an oil change, finish my math class, start my chemistry class and start driving towards louisiana to see <propfirst>!! i can't wait to see her, its been almost 5 months and i need <propfirst> time  i had <propmale> time so that that isn't on empty!!"
"my last day in san jose!!\i have enjoyed this assignment and all the people i work with  i will miss them!!"
"well, i'm out of california and past phoenix  i'm hoping to get into texas tonight, but i'm not sure bow big new mexico is "
"made it to el paso, tx  it was a very long day of driving  i'm hoping to get to louisiana tomorrow "
"well, i didn't make it to louisiana but i'm on the east side of <propmale> so tomorrow will only be a 6ish hour day of driving as opposed to a 12ish hour day "
spent a fabulous day with <propfirst> in baton rouge  i'm never letting more than 3 months go without seeing my girls!!
"well, at the hotel in atlanta, ga waiting to fly out to sitka, ak tomorrow morning  i leave at 0820 and get to sitka at 1745 alaska time, 4 hours earlier than eastern time zone  spent a wonderful week in north <propfemale> with great friends whom i'm going to miss terribly "
sitting at the seattle airport for 5 hours waiting for my flight to sitka  having some fish and chips and a long island iced tea to hold me over   i start work tomorrow at 8a  good thing its daylight until 2130 so i can get around to the grocery store a bit easier 
"just finished walking home from work  its about 2 2 <propmale> of wonderful site seeing  its about 60 degrees and low humidity  not too cold, not too hot for walking  work is going to be very different  there is no rt at night so i'll have to do vent checks!! <propfirst> where are you??? i'm going to really enjoy this assignment "
its 10p and still daylight!!!!
went hiking with a non for profit group that goes every weekend  went to herring cove trail that leads up to beaver lake  it was fabulously beautiful  mobile uploads are taking awhile 
until i get my camera cord i can't post any pictures  if you would like to see the pictures from my hike at herring cove you can go to sitka trail works and check the hike out  the pictures are fabulous 
"tonight is my first night shift  i hope i make it  i am sooo not a night person  when i was there for a class this morning there was only one patient  its going to be a lonnnggg night  i think i'll bring my chemistry, i could definitely use time on that!!"
"after working my first night shift, i walked home which is about 2 2 <propmale>, ate some breakfast with protein, took a melatonin and slept for 8 hours!! it was unbelievable  i might be able to work nights for these 13 weeks but its going to be a long 13 weeks!"
"well, i repeated my after work walk, ate the same breakfast, took a melatonin and i've gotten less than 4 hours of sleep and can't sleep  i'm on my last night of three  omg i'm going to die tonight!! plus i'm orienting in the emergency room to boot "
sitting in harrigan hall waiting for the family concert to begin  the view behind the concert is gorgeous!
"last day off, tomorrow start 3 night shifts in a row  only 30 more shifts!! this is going to be a long assignment  would anybody like to take my acids and bases chemistry test today? i will pay well!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i love working nights  i love working nights  i love working nights  i love working nights  its not working!!!!
my last night then i'm off for 7 days!! i will only have 26 night shifts left  i guess you can tell i'm counting down 
i need sunshine!!!
on my second night of three in a row  of course since i sleep during the day and work at night there is some sun shining through and i think i even see some blue sky  when its fabulous here there is nothing to compare but when its not its really not  only 24 more shifts after tonight 
"getting ready for my last of three nights  tomorrow is the all you can eat crab feast for the sitka music festival  yum, i love alaskan <propmale> crab  i hope everyone has a fabulous weekend  i wish i was in <propmale> celebrating with <propmale> and <propfemale> at their engagement party!! congratulations!!"
i have no patients to take care of 
"as you can tell by the picture the crab feast was very good  if i knew, i could have brought some wine  that was the only thing missing and maybe a little company  but it was quite an enjoyable afternoon  happy father's day to all you dads!!"
off to work shortly  worked the er last night had lots of fun but very busy  off tomorrow then work on friday  have a great evening!
"well, off to work on a friday night  hopefully, i'll be hiking in the morning for a couple of hours, depends on how tired i am after working  then i'm off for 5 days!! yay!!!"
"just finished my second night at work, only one left then a couple of days off  i hope i get to see the fireworks tonight  i work the er so      the fireworks start at 11 smile 0p  its raining today, i hope its pretty tomorrow  short nap after work then the parade and lots of wonderful events  happy 4th of july weekend!!"
"ok, today is a day that everyone should be jealous of  i'm actually off and the sun is shining and there are only a few clouds in the sky and its 65 degrees  it is absolutely, fabulously beautiful  i'm heading to the water to see if i can see the eagles fishing "
"back to work tonight  i think if i could invent glasses with windshield wipers on them i could make a fortune up here in sitka, ak  heading back to the lower 48 on august 19th  going to louisiana to see my baby first, then to florida to see my other baby!! i am so  excited "
the sun is shining!!! i am heading outside to ride my bike and workout 
"well in case anyone wants to know, i made my a in chemistry and an a in nursing research  i was very worried about chemistry  thank goodness its over!!!"
tomorrow is my last day off until i head for louisiana to see may sweet baby and then to florida to see my other sweet baby  and its supposed to be sunshining tomorrow!! sitka is absolutely beautiful when the sun is out 
"i completed my last \night\"" of work  i'm on call for cfim and packing to leave for louisiana at 0600 in the morning  i will get to see my sweet baby tomorrow night  i am very excited to be heading back to the lower 48  alaska is beautiful and definitely a must see  i would come back if i had a day position and not nights!! the people are wonderful  i made some very wonderful friends!!"""
"well, i'm in juneau, the first stop of four  ready to be home!!"
i got the job in manhattan!!
"i start on september 1st at memorial kettering in manhattan in the interventional radiology department   four ten hour days, no nights, no weekends or holidays "
"i should be in <propmale> tonight but i'm stuck in memphis, missed my flight by 5 minutes  this is not how i wanted to spend the evening!! i have to wait another day to see my other wonderful baby!"
i had the most wonderful time being with <propfirst>!!
<propfemale> and i are going to the beach today!! i have been running nonstop since i left my quiet life in alaska and need to calm the soul  i think i have all my paperwork done for my new assignment  the sun is out and it looks gorgeous 
"finding the perfect apartment was a bit overshadowed by me breaking my ankle on the move over  doing well, just a little slower  ditching the crutches as soon as i can "
"well, its back to work  the ankle might give me a little trouble especially when i have to wear lead  we shall see  i did get my apartment finished yesterday  need to go shopping for groceries though  maybe i'll have them delivered!! that's an idea  have a great day!"
it's a beautiful day here in nyc! the sun is shining and its 70 degrees  i think i'm going to hobble around a bit and see central park and get to know the area a bit 
"my 4 day weekend has started!! i'm so excited, hoping to see a bit of nyc  i'm also going to finish my apartment and get some additional homework done "
"beautiful day today!! going to a street fair, a fall eqinox festival and the moma "
"after church, went to coney island in brooklyn  ate a chili dog from <propmale>'s on the boardwalk  beautiful day!"
had the entire day off!! beautiful day!! planned to go to central park but had to wait on ups to deliver my two boxes  they are both extremely heavy and no way i can <propfemale> them esp  with a broken ankle  and guess what? neither has come yet!
"just got off work!! busy day!! off for the weekend, yea!! not sure what i'm going to do though  there is supposed to be a festival in little italy, possibility  lots of things to see "
at the san gennaro parade!
"watching off broadway play 39 steps, its really good!!"
"well, after four weeks in a boot for my broken ankle, it gets to come off today!!!! what a lovely thing  now i just have to work on getting all the strength back before twisting it again "
"i would like to thank everyone for their birthday wishes!!\i had a fabulous birthday "
"i'm not sure if anyone is going to be surprised or not but i have taken a permanent position at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in manhattan, ny  the offer was too good to pass up  i really enjoy working in the interventional radiology department  if anyone wants to visit just let me know!!"
"i had the best thanksgiving in the world  i had both my girls with me, went to the macys day parade, had wonderful food and the saints won  life doesn't get any better than that "
i'm going to miss my sweet angel  <propfirst> left last night 
