617f478099640d44feac014a818d57ca
how bout' them cowboys!!
"rain, rain go away   "
"listening to nine inch nails in bed while hearing you breathe          yes, it's like that     "
"so every year i make resolutions  one is always to quit smoking and the other is to be a better person  well i've quit smoking, and i'm kinda iffy about whether i've been a better person  this year my resolutions are to find some new hobbies, make use of my gym membership or put the donut down (i can't decide), and to prioritize my life better   smile  2011!!!!! will it be rung in with a kiss?!? i hope so!"
nothing like a smack in the face  it can cure what ails u!
"just got a welcome back teachers email from my principal  damn i felt so frazzled before the break, and now i'm reenergized and excited for my new kids and new challenges  school is back!!!"
"is up very early in the morning  i got the coffee pot ready, and soon it will be chirpin'  my agenda today is simple: e playful erience today all day  last but not least, i am taking my pup to petco for his day of beauty  he'll be transformed from my mangy stinky boy to my pretty boy in no time flat   smile "
good morning   good morning
"getting ready for work this morning   oh, yeah!"
"the beautiful, beautiful boys who dotted the landscape like jewels, split the air with their shouts in the field, and thickened the river with their shining wet backs  (sula - <propfemale> morrison)"
just spending time with my <propfemale> hoping that all this water will help metabolize all the <propfemale> i had last night 
feeling better than i have in months   and finished reading sula  i just love <propfemale> morrison's work  now to catch up on <propmale> easton <propfirst>  bring it!
at work now   will read dracula and wait for my students to walk in 
"jd, you were such a recluse   i barely knew"
it's almost 5 surprise 0  ready to go home and hopefully enjoy my evening 
grrr!
'bout to take care of business! yeah    that's right!
maybe just a little too many starfuckers   some were out and about   woke up today feeling great after a day like yesterday  now about to have lunch with my love dove and just chill till the party tonight 
getting ready to go to teppy's party   now what to drink?
it's super bowl sunday   what else is there to do? go saints!
just relaxing   get to start my weekend with my sweetheart early  yay!!
   
   
"rubbing up on my love <propfemale>, ayda fellysha rodriguez , and eating some haribo gummy bears  "
listening to <propmale> gracin
one of the kitties died   buried it and now watching the other five even more carefully  sad  we have five now  going to the vet first thing in the morning 
fucking zeta trial   you <propmale> me of my sleep  150  pages left to go out of 1250  almost home!
done with the zeta trial    yay!!! to friday being tomorrow  finally get to spend some time with my baby and hit up those margaritas!
   
@ oasis havin' margaritas!
how to train your dragon   awesome!!!
beer glorious beer
beer glorious beer gave me a hangover   
"sing, sing, sing of the bbc big band orchestra keeping me company while i complete all these assignments!"
crooning to <propmale> connick jr 's charade  my favorite of fave from him  when will he come to texas again? damn <propmale>  damn sound  my singing   his singing   will distract me 
fucking spurs   why <propfirst> why? oh well   tomorrow then 
woke up still wanting shock top and maybe the company of that sexy girl i was with last night   
"the nfl draft, the mavericks, and the cavaliers tonight! damn  i need three tvs or another visit to bww  now i need more beer   smile "
good draft day   good fucking game
is listening to <propfemale> streisand    i just adore her   
"nothing like some nine inch nails to get my day started  --every day is exactly the same  there is no love here, and there is no pain "
is drinking fucking carbonated water    stupid budweiser select  beer gods save me!!!
   
watching <propfemale> reruns   maybe gonna do some homework  needs a new ps3 game 
just here with my baby    some shock top and heineken  let's see if we can change the future 
"spurs can suck it!!! here with my baby possibly drunk facebooking    having a beer for meli, and enjoying this night of irresponsibility!"
last day for the academy  excited it's over   wink 
mother's day shopping  and took my babe to the mall
bought a bad ass tv   a new playstation game   movies and shit     took my woman shopping  hmm   a pretty productive day  i just need some good beer to wash it all down 
 wink 
it was carnivore time at <propfirst> <propfemale>'s  damn! awesome dinner  whoohoo! more shopping 
hours later    7 stores gone   finally! a pair of size 11 black patent pumps! worth the headache  my woman is now even sexier than before 
"our date night is going like this  first   pizza! and super bad  then she plays her ds and her new game, and i play my ps3  an agreed upon ignoring time will commence  yup  sounds like fun!   smile "
at work while my baby is sick   just don't seem right 
ordered the entire <propfemale> collection    now i can choke on it  will forever love this show   laugh 
is super happy my 6 beautiful kittens and cats are happy and healthy  and i have my wonderful gf to thank for everything 
at proctoring an exam *yawn
"so my mavs didn't pull it off, but it looks like my suns will  ha!  wink "
having lunch with my two favorite girls   my <propfemale> baby and my sweetheart 
thank you everybody for your birthday wishes!!!
oh @<propfemale> rice i knew you were my favorite author for a reason   
@ home with my sweetheart just relaxing 
saw shrek tonight and am now home relaxing with my <propfemale> and our kittens 
is about to have a delicious home-cooked meal that my babe made 
woke my woman up with the best of ways  now to take her to breakfast 
been whittling a truck out of a small chunk of bass wood for the last hour  now my hand hurts 
"been home alone for the last 10 hours and am missing my <propfemale>  i did, however, get to catch up on my work and whittling project  now to sharpen my knives and play more fallout 3--an awesome belated b-day gift from an equally awesome person  more thai food tonight--compliments of my love bunny--since the fish sauce calls me "
cut myself while whittling  sad 
its my babes b-day today  smile  happy birthday my love!
taking my love <propfemale> to breakfast now and then to a movie  smile 
finishing the last two articles for the day   best 2nd job i could pick up! can't wait to watch a movie with my love <propfemale> soon 
at my father-in-law's house enjoying a barbecue 
"excited to go out of town tomorrow  hopefully, it will be worth it "
just got to edinburg   so fuckn tired been up since 5 am yesterday 
at cheddar's in mcallen enjoying lunch with my love bunny   gonna be heading home soon 
only so much fallout 3 i can play   gonna watch a movie with my love dove 
have insurance now after 5 years of not having it (thank you home depot   my babes company   for covering me)and finally have a primary care physician after 12 years     still don't like going to the doctor though
"at the theater gonna see shrek   again   with my babe, sister and nephew  perfect!"
"after killing all the citizens in several towns while playing fallout 3, i decided to start over   sad  now i can't wait to get home and see my love dove and hope we can watch that movie thats been sitting on my desk for days now tonight "
@ work   and have so much to do today and tomorrow before the weekend arrives 
go celtics!!
that's right!!! celtics dominating all three quarters  lakers aint stoppin shit!
what kinda crap is that??!!!
work meeting!
@ the theater with my love bunny   going to see toy story
"at home waiting for my baby's dinner  relaxing with my baby, my dog, and my 6 cats "
"at work feeling good, but had no lunch  bad girlfriend   bad!  smile "
will write a few more articles before bed time 
just put my baby to bed  gonna work on some ds articles  goal is three before bedtime 
"looking at someone very sexy! yes, love, i am talking to you "
in love with <propfemale> 
"she said her feet hurt  i imagine they would after she worked all day and then came home and made me dinner, my special request too  so i massaged and lotioned her feet, even managed some kisses  she fell asleep beside me  i kiss her hands and she sleeps "
had a blast at cheers last night   my love was teaching my how to dance  decided to go again next weekend  now i am just waiting on my love to come home 
i took my beautiful woman to lunch and now we are @ the movies  gonna check out inception 
@ <propfirst> carinos enjoying lunch with my love 
here at the mother-in-laws   happy my babe likes her new phone better
another good morning  had an excellent night sleep with my sweet sweet <propfemale> and now gotta get my day started  gotta put away the clothes and work on my transcript  wish my <propfemale> were still here with me 
out of cigarettes out of whiskey    damn!
just finished a great homemade dinner courtesy of my love  gotta keep working on that transcript though   i'd rather be relaxing with my love 
i got to spend a wonderful day with my beautiful woman  now i hope tomorrow is more like this day too   
"dear baby jesus   the e playful edited transcript request is done  355 pages and gone  nope no drinking on my friday night, no going out, but instead stay home and work  i feel all responsible and stuff  must make the most of tomorrow  will get to spend ample time with my love now "
"just came back from dinner with two people that mean everything to me, my baby sister <propfemale> and my fiancé <propfemale>  now to relax at home in bed  maybe now is a good time to pursue other hobbies "
skunk drunk @ hals playing pool with my beer bucket
<propfemale> marathon  eight episodes and counting 
they spun a web for me
will make this up to you 
after that delicious curry dish what could be better? more thai food!
shove it up inside surprise! lies! stains like the blood on your teeth bite chew suck away the tender parts    i want to break it up  i want to smash it up  i want to fuck it up  i want to watch it come down
"playing word search on iphone in the early, early @ss morning and listening to some incubus "
woke up and it wasn't pleasant  just had an argument with my girlfriend  it's unfair to fight @ 5 in the morning when i can't even process a thought  so much for a wonderful friday  perhaps if i sleep long enough right now i'll wake up and not need an aspirin and i can forget what we argued about and the day will turn round  let's hope  off to bed then 
"it's my mother-in-law's birthday today  taking her out to dinner  and i get to pull out the cufflinks  yay!! been forever since i got to wear 'em  now to wait ever so patiently for my girlfriend to get ready  i measured it , and it takes me 30 minutes for every hour it takes her  so now just hoping tonight goes smoothly "
ha! <propfirst> owens is a bengal!
watching juice   ain't seen this movie in years!
mmmm   coffee   
is ready for the rest of the day  i hope it brings some good news and is as stress-free as possible 
always feels better knowing you are by my side
just found our new apartment   i guess it's quail creek
what's the word?
i instantly feel the stress subside
has a <propmale> sweet tooth for my sexy girl   
finalized the contract and move in saturday   and got a new job at the laredo morning times   now just waiting for one more bit of good news 
just saying fuck it all makes me feel instantly better  fuck it all fuck it all fuck it all
how is it i can suffer from the same skin condition as my mother and not show any signs till 27 years later   sux <propmale> ass
"yay!!! it's moving day  hopefully everything will go smoothly  and if not, damn it all to hell  we've been anxiously anticipating this day  gonna get it done in one day "
"yesterday, we moved our belongings into our new apartment  that took about 9 hours  now we have a crap load of stuff in the living room, and my <propfemale> to put up is nill  <propfemale> and <propfemale> is on tv, and i'd rather being chilling "
pretty good day today   finally got a refrigerator again   its a white beauty  smile  and now winding down the day at work  but i wish i was home with ayda fellysha rodriguez cuddling and watching a movie 
could have used coffee this morning   
at work with no access to the main system so as to be productive  yay for inefficiency!!
very productive morning   
yay! all but one of my items for my new apartment arrived via fedex  my apartment is almost complete   smile 
just had sticky rice and fish sauce! love my woman's thai food 
it's friday! finally going to get to unwind this weekend and finish unpacking   smile 
heading home and feeling good!
just had delicious tiramisu with my love <propfemale> courtesy of <propfirst> carino's
"finally got a <propmale> to sleep, and now i feel so good  got a <propmale> to watch some more united states of <propfemale>, a badass show! and now i am gonna spend the rest of the day fixing up my apartment and getting it ready for my cat to come home  then gonna go swimming with my <propfemale> baby "
"at one in the morning, i cracked a book that had been sitting in my collection for the last 6-7 years unread, untouched  seeing it stacked in a corner of my apt prompted me to wipe the dust from it's jacket and read some of it  and so far it's fantastic  witty and surprising, it will be placed on my night stand from now on  how i love surprises!"
"after losing this game of words with friends to my baby, i am going to watch law and order svu on my phone  love how technology keeps me snuggled up in bed "
<propfemale> lennox is singing to me
ain't nothing doin' 
"how bout them cowboys!!!! hoping for a good show tonight!  need some beer and kickoff snacks, and i'm set!"
woke up angry and with a headache   
will let it all go
thank goodness for my girlfriend who helps me keep things right side up and puts my issues in perspective 
"how sweet it is to be loved by you, ayda fellysha rodriguez   going to get home, have a late dinner, and go swimming "
scratch that    is is raining again? damn  well at least the love is there 
"a very busy day    not as productive as i'd like, however "
working and chilling with my simba-san 
i want a heineken and some white zombie in the background    sorry sunday  cowboys lost it again  and there is work tomorrow  i'd rather stay home 
astro creep 2000
wants more words with friends game buddies  sad 
is at work writing an <propmale>icle on the witte  yay <propmale>! yay history!
a birthday barbecue for my woman's brother by the pool!!
it's just been simba and me this morning chillin' 
word of the day via dictionary com push: hobbledehoy  good word  never heard it  will incorporate it and own it 
i guess every body is doing it 
"it ain't easy being this good      it's hard work makin' you look so bad, hard goddamn work "
"in <propmale> getting ready to meet with <propfemale> science  they called me on monday, and now i am here  i hope this trip that caused me to wake up at 5 am turns out all right "
"after a 40 some minute interview for a teaching position, i am unsure how to feel  it's for esl k-8, and possibly beginner spanish    i don't even speak spanish  did i impress them? yes  and i think they'll offer it to me, but it's not exactly what i hoped for  however it's a start, and it's in <propmale> "
barbacoa tacos   win!
delicious lunch at la roca and now back to work at lmt
is finally leaving work  thank goodness for the weekend  i finally get to rest  2 days just doesn't last long enough  better make it worthwhile   smile 
"at h e b  looking for some cheese  on tonight's menu, chicken fettuccine <propmale> from scratch  my <propfemale> sexy is a wonderful cook  thank goodness  otherwise it be cold sandwiches everyday "
washing clothes  sad 
at work   understimulated
at work listening to sting and passing time
helping my baby set up her blog   
"listening to pandora radio at work and <propmale> collins' sussudio came on  and i can't keep a straight face because everytime i hear this song i think about the scene in american psycho where <propfirst> bateman goes on a trip, and then he picks up an axe and lets it rip  creepy bastard "
still suffering after biting into that fiery goodness we call jalapenos  tummy ache  sad 
"to look at you and me, no one would ever know\the pain that i've endured 'cause i won't let it show\my friends would laugh out loud if they only knew\the truth about how i am just your lovesick fool"
at the bucks game with my babe!
"bucks game was awesome! now having some pizza   chicken, mushrooms, jalapenos! mmmm! then off home to relax and work "
"it's a beautiful saturday, and i am awake in the morning  just sitting here with my cat listening to my love dove sleep "
it's almost cowboys time!!! yeah baby! gonna chillax here with simba san and wait for my <propfemale> baby and <propfemale> goosy to join me 
will now be working for united south in their english dept  just signed the contract and finalized all the details  first day is tomorrow! good bye five jobs   hello paper cuts
fish sauce and sticky rice!
first day was not so bad   i need to get used tp being on my feet
trying to figure out how to do this lesson plan my school wants
in class before day break    maybe i get here to early  it beats wrestling traffic
week 1 done! now taking my sweetheart to <propfirst> romas for dinner then a movie and maybe some drinks 
yeah yeah just bought a new honda fit    uber cute and red 
finished grading papers  now i am waiting for my love to come home for lunch and then to read candide for my senior discussion tomorrow  how bout them cowboys!? can i even say that still???
at work   let's start the day
eating flaming hots  smile 
waiting for my babe to finish dinner   hungry much!
"finishing up my students midterms   nothing but papers tonight   sad  happy i'll be with my love, however "
will be grading papers for a while   sad  but yay!!!!!!! tomorrow is friday! thank goodness 
"will never let my grading pile up again   grr   stayed up all night yesterday never slept because i thought midterms were due    then they say, we can turn them in monday  that means i finally went to bed for about 12 hours   well i just woke up and my <propfemale> is gone to work  sux!"
"$23 to fill up my car   win!!! it may not be the car of my dreams, but it sure is awesome with gas  hmmm   now getting a hair cut and shopping for school supplies  happy that i have a good reason to now "
had a great night! now to make the rest of my day productive 
hungry!! i am not impressed by your ability to memorize my order  write my shit down  don't ask me three times to clarify 
had a really good day at school today   maybe there is something to lesson planning after all  i will continue to be on top of it if it means more days like this   smile 
setting up echalk access for my students   hopefully can avoid taking papers home now!
"having dinner with my <propfemale> baby    deliciousness    tgif! work was good though, and now i get my weekend to rest  baby a and baby d are on the way!!! can't wait to see them!"
i now order coffee with my desserts   i guess i'm old  sad 
good night and even better morning!
was extremely productive last night!!!
this morning i killed lots of trees all for my students to have a modern translation of macbeth
"keeping up with my shakespeare   macbeth and <propmale> caesar  i never remember reading this in high school  then again, i tried to skip as much as possible  well my students seem to like it "
"at the bank   then to roll by my apt to pick up my baby   date night!!! pizza and then movies to watch <propfirst> <propfirst>'s for colored girls  i can't wait  i love his movies, and i've been waiting for this one for a long time!!"
just had a great breakfast!!! am chilling at home with my baby!
coffee and blueberry muffins
is it terrible to laugh when i am grading papers and putting grades in my gradebook?
yay finished working now waiting for dinner
watching diary of a mad black woman with <propfemale> gomez and baby danny   drinking a heineken and waiting for dinner   full house tonight  then for some kisses for my baby
"am going to begin the final act of <propmale> caesar today    what a great play  but i wish i were at home today  despite getting a good nights sleep, i wanna be in bed with my babe "
am going to get a substitute for friday
feel way better after my long sleep yesterday   i got cuddle time in with my <propfemale> love!
"from my student's paper: i wish i could be that dog, careless and free without a care in the world  just to be a chihuahua is my dream  i would love to bark at people  i listen for people coming from a block away and growl at people i didn't know  and to be petted with such content, to be known as the chihuahua who could "
"continued from student paper: i would love to be a chihuahua for so many reasons, but everyone knows it can't really happen  it's a fantasy  but that's what false hopes are for  because without false hopes most people wouldn't want to continue doing what they do "
wondering when heatwave will quit   he's as bad as <propmale> stein 
you were always on my mind  you were always on my mind 
she comes home and straddles my waist   yummy!!! off to the gym now
"just left the gym with my love    now food and then fallout new vegas and work some, maybe "
at the gym waiting for my love to get here  i enjoy having a workout partner  she keeps me on my toes 
   
<propmale> connick sings christmas for me  smile 
hungry like a rabid fool  sad 
tomato soup and grilled cheese!
"come live with me, and be my love,\and we will some new pleasures prove\of <propfemale> sands, and <propfemale> brooks,\with silken lines and silver hooks "
"picking up my sweetheart for lunch and kisses  had a sexy time last night with my <propfemale> and a great start this morning  my christmas vacation has officially begun, and i will top the day off by taking my <propfemale> san shopping for her christmas stuff "
watching animal farm with <propfemale> and waiting for my love to come home 
french onion dip  ruffles 
hate running into students out of the classroom
shopping with my girlfriend and my baby sister 
nice lunch with my love 
"sick with crap in my nose and chest  i will just lie here and fester  sad  my love just went to work, and she is the one who makes me hot tea  so the countdown is on till 10 p m "
pizza pizza!!!
"so i found out i need to make a syllabus, and i got super excited  nerd!"
had dessert after all!!!  wink 
@ work missing my <propfemale> but having fun doing school stuff!
"there is nothing like waking up in the morning next to the woman you love  she fills me with hope, happiness, and strength  i am in love with this woman ever day "
had to babysit a freshman class  that was different  :  
meeting my <propfemale> at work for kisses
watching day of the dead!!! perfect ending to my day  going to bed on time tonight! yay sleep!!
math review! now i know why i flunked algebra 2 and took college algebra 3 times  : (
"stupid fucking drivers  i don't care who you are, how old   if your on my ass i will stop and get out to tell you the fuck off!"
i miss my <propfemale> san 
wish i was eating tp right now : (
excellent morning! i hope the rest of today goes well    anxious for meet the teacher night!
just had lunch now to wait for the day to wind down    
"\but we loved with a love that was more than love\""    having dinner with my beautiful woman and then to take her to the movies where i can hold her hands and steal kisses """
my head is about to e playful lode  been grading and doing school work for the last 8 hours   so much for a day off!
"i wished and hoped with all my might for strength, love, and memories with you "
special lunch date with a sexy bbw! cannot wait to wrap my arms around her 
it's time for the showdown! go bears!! go jets!!
nope  never mind 
waking up to the view of a goddess      a bbw goddess      ; )
feels remarkably well after going to bed late after coming home from the cold brew  got pawed up and pawed my baby up too  yay!!! i hope the day passes by quickly!
"survived the day  14 hours later  finally left work  i feel remarkably well, still  now to prepare my sophomores english test  yikes!!! it's there first one  i imagined that when i left home from work i would cease being a teacher  but no  i'm always teaching "
"coasting and waiting till 4  i administered tests all day to my sophomores and seniors, and now i'm waiting to get home  busy, busy weekend!"
"oh no, i see\a spider web is tangled up with me, \and i lost my head,\the thought of all the stupid things i'd said,\oh no, what's this?\a spider web, and i'm caught in the middle,\so i turned to run,\the thought of all the stupid things i've done"
waiting    so tired today 
needs a massage  : (
yay!!! no classes tomorrow!
little baby flurries in flight!!! and on my mothers birthday  what a nice day!!!! : )
watching cook yourself thin  how would that work with my sweet tooth?!!! damn  i guess it wouldn't 
"thinking of my baby sisters, <propfemale> gomez and <propfemale> ramirez"
magnet entrance testing!!! @work
"dropped my <propfemale> off at work  now to go home and work some  goodbye, hale   good riddance!!! last day   last day "
i miss you every time you're not next to me 
now i feel sick again  last time i double on my medication  : (
extra gay music on pandora 80s hits!!! almost done with hale!
4 of 6
6 of 6
wants some crown <propmale> and a red
packers gonna dominate all over that steeler ass baby
yay!!! just finished hale!!!!
burned my thumb on the jumper cable  apparently if you don't match them properly they start to smoke and get really hot  ouch!
"freezing in my penguin pjs at the mall : ( obviously, i did not think this through "
came to see my love at work  i come bearing gifts!
fucking bullshit headache!! you ruined my dinner bastard! : (
needs some tlc!!!
busy loving my <propfemale> baby!!
taking care of my truck! it needed lots d shit  battery  oil change  wipers  fluids  air pressure check  a fucking wash  and we haven't even touched the tires : (
tipsy after one shock top  that just means i don't drink enough!!!
