9fec362c479adb8a5971b4e73f3e0e50
"enjoyed his 5-day weekend, but it's back to business as usual "
had a good weekend spending time with family and working on my golf game  but it's monday again    ugh   
is looking forward to ribfest this weekend!
"one more week 'til my birthday, and my vacation! i'm more than ready for it now!"
"only 4 days to go, then i'm on vacation!!"
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  it was a good day, and i'm enjoying every minute of my vacation "
i'm getting ready to cook supper  on the menu tonight    parmesan crusted chicken with fettuccine and <propmale> sauce 
"only one more day, then it's another weekend of football  go huskers!!"
is not a fan of this cold weather  what happened to the sun?
"enjoyed the long weekend, but has to go back to work tomorrow  right now it's time for some cardio    i'm thinkin a bike ride "
"had a really good time last night with <propfemale>, and looks forward to doing it again real soon "
is disappointed in the husker loss  looks like the offense needs to learn how to hold onto the football 
"had a good weekend, but wish it could be just another day longer "
"just fixed the brakes on my car last night, with help from my dad  the best part of it all    it only cost me about $20  gotta love do-it-yourself repairs!"
"thought the concert last night was awesome!! three days grace, breaking <propmale>, and flyleaf all put on a good show!"
"now that the sun is out, maybe today won't be so grey after all "
"had a great weekend! we went swimming, then did blacklight mini-golf, played pool, and went bowling all in one day  and it was all free thanks to my good <propmale> <propfirst> "
"is getting everything planned out for the camping trip to idaho  some things we still need to figure out, but we'll make it work  only 3 weeks to go!"
is having a great time on my vacation  mountains all around and perfect weather    can't get much better than this!
"is looking forward to tomorrow night, celebrating my birthday with my friends  then i'm going to a salt dogs game sunday before going to supper with family  sounds like a great weekend to me!"
thanks to all my family and friends for the birthday wishes  i'm definitely feelin' the love!
"went to the husker game tonight with zach  <propfirst> martinez had a good start with 3 rushing touchdowns! just gotta work on that defense, can't give up almost 300 yds to a team with a 21 game losing streak!!"
has got a certain someone on my mind  wish she could be here with me right now because i miss her 
"another productive day working on the house  all the tear down is done for the most part, just fixing some structure issues  every little bit is one step closer to having my own house!"
"started back at work today after being on vacation  and what do you know, there's talk of snow    again  it makes me want to be back with the sun and palm trees in florida "
we are making progress on the house one step at a time  dad and i just got the new front door put in today  still plenty to do  lol
