5da859c537d0a6177b15b1d0b6c49d74
"feeling like i was run over by a truck    i soooo don't want to call in, but what am i gonna do?"
"working all this weekend    if anyone wants to take pity on me, i'm accepting donations of grilled burgers, dogs, and tasty treats any and all generosity is appreciated   "
"i see mother nature want to play games    80 and <propfemale> all weekend and then soon as i'm off monday rainy and blahhhh, that's okay i can roll with it   "
let the good times begin     sun and fun just for me   
okay     i hope ya'll can handle my new look   keep posted for new pics coming soon   
"off i go to mix and mingle all weekend    it's either feast or famine, one minute i'm sittin at home talking to the cat about the weather   the next my social calander is all filled up "
back to work     at least it's air conditioned (like a freezer)    
"2 days down, 3 to go     enjoying my days off   "
"my weekend was fantastic     the finger lakes were fantastic    the wine, the water, the weather    ahhh life is good     anyone interested in going back with me let me know   "
cool weather is great for cuddling and sleeping   
it's raining and chilly    sounds like a hot cocoa day   and a hot <propfemale> and tea night   
"better enjoy the sunshine now, and i mean now, do what you go to do because it won't last long and we'll all be bundled up and <propfemale> in no time    "
off i go    time to be productive    finishing paper for school
who decided what coconut flavor was? real coconut isn't sweet at all    so what's up with this false reality that we all agreed upon 
chicken wing festival today    yea yea yea     
"happy labor day    if anyone would like to donate to the \keep <propfemale> happy fund\"" bring me a hotdog and or burger to work (i'll be there all day with no tasty bbq )     any donation is appreciated    """
first day of school    uhhhmmm what to wear?
feeling real positive  anything worth having requires effort   and our attitude is the only thing that we have in control of in the process   
"anyone going to music is <propmale>, this saturday @ albright knox?"
music is <propmale> was great   but damn i can't believe i missed the blues fest   
"i'm realizing life and love isn't about finding the \whole package\"" but creating it   """
at school     tired already    how can i  make it till 10pm????
i love being a nurse!!!! imagine getting paid to do what you love and work with wonderful people    it doesn't get any better
"my weekend will be filled with reading, writing and arithmitic     sound like fun?"
chicago @ sheas was fabulous    boat ride on saturday    fabulous    weekend with <propfemale> priceless   
obama    won the nobel peace prize!!!!!
the movie precious      lives up to the hype    a must see  it's ironic because lately i've been trying to figure what makes some people overcome hardship and others becomes victims to it   
"it's official i've got the \sniffles\""     can't for later on so i can bask in a nyquil haze    donations of chicken soup and tlc are welcome ;}"""
feeling so much better      and ready to get back on track and celebrate the holidays    can't wait to get my cookies started 
i'm collecting a list of cool movies    i've never seen    any ideas??
"wishing you and yours a happy holidays     i just opened my gifts and can't believe my <propfemale> got me just what i wanted    how attentive and thoughtful    it's beyond my comprehension to have someone care enough to pay attention to what i say, and sacrifice just to make me smile   "
"this damn economy is hitting even closer to home, at the hospital layoff's began, my job is safe for now    but how can someone be laid off after 39yrs and given 1 1 2 week notice(my stomach is knots thinking about it)"
last day of vacation   it's been great   
"i karate chopped a fork, sliding down a hill because i'm a ninja!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by a dragon  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons  "
lacking any motivation     please great universe send some energy and direction my way    
"in my adult life i always felt boring    because i lacked drama (fighting, love triangles,  <propmale> injuries, drug issues, <propmale> money issues, ) in my life  just now i had a eureka moment and realized how blessed i am that i don't need drama to feel alive and that i've crafted a life with minimal chaos and that the imbalances that do come my way are handled pretty effectively    how beautifully boring i am   "
disney here i come    
i have returned sadly without my iphone    back to reality 
"feeling balanced, and energized    ready to do whatever comes my way    if i could only figure out what that is   "
"i'm soooooo excited  i'm going to have a garden party!!! yes, it's going to be a real garden party ladies    floral dresses, and hats required   plenty of cocktails and finger foods ( no crust)    i'm looking at a may june date   if anyone has any ideas, please let me know   "
"here comes <propfirst> cottontail hopping down the <propfemale> trail    hippity, hoppity    easter's on it's wayyyyyyyyyyyy          "
"i got another iphone!!!!!! life is grand again    yes, and i want to share evey glorious moment with you   "
"i can't believe the older i get the more athletic i get    started with tennis today, and it was great!!! pretty soon i'll be taking all competitors in the sports of    tennis, golf and bowling  just give me time and i'll be a beast, a beast rocking a pink skort & accesories but still a beast "
wouldn't it be great if i had one measly minute to myself    so  i could study in peace!!! guess not  sad 
uggghh     i can't wait for jazz in the park to start    
anyone else going to artist & models tonight?
my beauty regime is almost complete    
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense responsibility & very little authority  you step into people's lives and make a difference  some bless you, others curse you  you see people at their worst & best  you see life begin & end  you see people's\capacity for love, courage, & endurance  happy nurse'sweek! repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse and or appreciate a nurse!"
please almighty universe send positive energy  my way     i could use any and all help with this final  after this it's a wrap!!!!
´intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings ´
´the greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes ´
today is the start of another beautiful day    let my productivity begin!
the 3d in shrek 4   was the best i've seen thus far   or it could be i felt submerged bcz i was 4 rows from screen   
life is not about waiting for the storms to pass    it´s about learning how to dance in the rain´
"mowing the lawn, is such a great workout, and free sun   snd so much fun to boot laugh "
congrats!! to all those who graduated  special thanks to all the np's who've been such an inspiration to me   allowing me to see all can be achieved with grace and persistance laugh 
take my advice   i don't use it anyway 
"thank you to all our serviceman, from the bottom of my heart     without those who are willing to sacrifice there lives for our security and freedom, this country could not exist   "
"dyke march      followed by pride block party on <propfirst>     much <propfemale>, to be had by all!"
my hair was on the 11 o'clock news    fame is around the corner laugh 
can't wait for <propmale> season 5!!
"´the difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant ´"
anyone up for a real l word viewing get-together?      starting june 20th
allentown <propmale> festival with mrs  laugh 
"usual suspects is on, and it's one of my favorites!!"
"it's a 100 degrees in the shade    wtf? having a lovely time though, i'll remember this in <propfirst>   "
"home sweet home     spent a wonderful 4 days in dc, in an overall energizing trip both professionally and personally laugh "
despicable me another great 3d   
"at shakespere in the park    enjoying a picnic with my new picnic basket (got a $100 basket for $20)    and the wine, cheese and olives are so tasty   "
"as of today     i'm giving up the use of profanity, yep    im becoming a lady (and trying to stimulate positive calming energy)"
currently at $4 50    and the small changes of outward e playful ression are making big changes on the inside   
most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing on one's own sunshine ~ralph <propmale> <propmale>
"<propfirst> lohan who? i cant believe the news coverage being given 2 a spoiled 20-something yr old  here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about: <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propmale> weikert 29, justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propmale>hew <propmale> 23,christopher goeke 23, & <propmale> tate 27  these 20-somethings gave their lives for u this week  repost if u support the military"
"in over my head, as usual  if it wasn't for my eternal optimisim i'd be drowning     may the great universe send me positive, nurturing energy     wish me well "
i know i'm late to the party    but who would of thought sponge <propmale> was so political     
great night out on the big gay boat ride    
how do you forgive                                
"going to tuesday nights at artpark    if your gonna be there, drop me a line  "
inception was great    took me long enough to see it   
"studying for the gre, in my backyard on this beautiful <propfemale> morning    with intermittent periods of facebook for distraction  laugh "
"okay, not sure if i'm rugged or stupid? at the <propmale> festival dripping wet with sweat, browsing   "
"wow, this criminal minds is good    the bad guy is just like someone we all know  beware of those who's arrogance supercedes their ability "
productivity is the name of the game today    
i love cuddling on chilly nights    there's nothing better   i know everyone loves summer but i love fall    
i've got a freaky <propfemale> to bake  surprise  and i want some coconut cupcakes!    this could be a great opportunity to wear my new fancy apron wink 
we've got a dyson!!!
lewiston jazz festival    another great night with my <propfemale>  wink 
i love    strangers with <propfemale>   
"first day of classes for me     i'm feeling good, the passion she is back!"
bed sweet bed     me and the kittens  smile 
returning to a nyquil haze    sniffling and sneezing    great way to kick the semester off!
the mad house is mad !!!
"if it has teeth, there's a good <propmale> your gettin' bitten   "
"the news is driving me crazy   fires, shootings, swat teams, meth labs"
anyone interested in bowling in a bar league? i'm looking to get a team together 
"thursday night bowling 9pm     volkers bowling alley, $12 a person    2 pitchers of beer  starts sept 16th  laugh "
<propfemale> got me tipsy and ate my doritos!!!
music is <propmale>    listening to brass monkeez ;}
are you ready for some football!!!
"beautiful 1yr old black lab- free to good home    dog food, collars, bed  included "
"looking for 1-2bedroom apart  in buffalo   pref  hardwood floors, storage, cats allowed "
"a beautiful day    to sun, to contemplate, to study, to enjoy the backyard, to thank the universe for all the blessings i'm so grateful for "
i hate calling in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
write it on the calendar   10miles and i feel great!!!!
"rode another 12miles yesterday, cut caloric intake down, eat every 3-4hrs, nothing after 8p     when will i lose just 1 pound?"
"i feel out of sorts    off balanced  i'm in desperate need of some soul enriching, spirit uplifting, body moving activity  "
"<propfirst> snores so loud, i feel like we adopted someones grandpa   didn't  think anyone could snore louder than my cat    i was wrong "
<propfemale> got hired!!!!! it's lobster and steak!
i'm not a fan of waiting in line sad       let me count the ways i could be wasting my time  1) bike riding along the river 2) having a late lunch 3) taking a nap 4) studying 5)    
tonight is the night   
"baco noir, warms the soul   and taste good doing so  wink "
"thank god it's over, now i just pray that i passed annoyed "
"you only find what your looking for   sometimes good, sometimes not so ;}"
"omg!! <propfirst> (my dog) was just \playing\"" with the cat and began to drag the cat away by griping the back of his neck by the fur  surprise """
"<propfemale> has the unluckiest shoes in the world on! dog jumped out of moving car, then almost 2 car accidents    all the first time she wears 'em  "
my little mental vacation from school wasnt cheap    now back to business    lesson learned contemplation and soul searching before or after semester    not during!
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it "
is it just me     are commercials getting a little to detailed     what happened to clouds selling toilet paper    and lady products being ambiguous    now all the business is just out there    sad 
feeling that second bootle of wine    on to cirque  laugh 
in case i haven't said it enough or made everyone aware     i hate working nights!!
"holy toledo!!! i've been more productive today, then i've ever been in my life   i think it's that south american tea i drank last night "
"i'm thinking of starting some girly bonding activity     which sounds more fun     bridge club, quiliting circle or gin rummy night??"
"dying of thirst, after long day of drinking and can't find a sprite in f&\kin' 20 <propmale>!!"""
"going to work for 12    been up all day, exhausted and haven't even started work!"
today feels like a productive one   
been studying since 11am   with only 3 4 10minute walk around the house breaks   
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including,their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran, know a veteran, love a veteran or support the troops 100%!"
i'm in the lions den    pray for me annoyed 
"megamind    actually had a plot, great 3d    but why is kids movie $27??"
"economic times have really put a dent in my lady of leisure lifestyle     having to work, paying tuition, and bills are soooo bothersome   "
all this hard work and ambition   has worked up a thirst    can't wait to get a cocktail break this weekend;}
"yes, i know you all want to know     i'm wireless!!"
dazed and confused   
once people show you who they are    you need to believe 'em     circumstances may change but peoples reactions to them will stay consistant 
"<propfirst>'s first shower wasn't so bad    but next time i need to rethink it   shower 15minutes, cleanup an hour  frowny "
what i'd do to be drinking    instead of working 
happy thanksgiving! i am blessed beyond measure to know you all and in the upcoming months hope to see more of the  people who mean so much me wink  thank you all for being who you are and making my life richer than i could of imagined   
ohhhh i so miss the days of the muppets    fraggle rock    transformers    the a-team    fantasy island   
today is a good day     memories of simple but profound moments have flooded me  laugh 
redbull  wink 
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow    "
dear santa: define nice   
snow    like everything else is about attitude  wink 
"is all the hard work and sacrifice worth it? having a goal is one thing, but an all consuming lifestyle seems like another   "
a certain someone is being ms  grumpity mcgrump    
nesting   
"today will consist of reading, reading, more reading, then test  annoyed "
getting my butter whipped    yes i am unbeweavable!
books by day     booze by night!
"christmas music, check     christmas tree done, check    pizza in your pj's, check     spending the holidays in love---priceless!"
yes    it's called cramming    a little trick i still haven't mastered 
school is done     let the holidays begin!!!
dreamgirls   is great! <propfemale> is doing her thing 
mindless activity     ahhhhh it feels sooo good laugh 
baking cookies   
i just drank vino coto    it's a homemade wine  that has been open since 1963    kinda like molasses and prune juice   
"if i haven't said it before, know that if your a friend of mine    i appreciate all that you contribute to making my life full and joyful    happy new year!"
"birds in flight     are not between places, they <propfemale> their places with them  we never wonder where they live: they are at home in the sky, in flight  flight is their way of being in the world  ~ geoff dyer || what's your way of being in the world?"
"if you don't have something to positively contribute then please refrain from contributing  while i thrive on differing opinions and a variety of outlooks to grow as a person    if your words offer no benefit to anyone, why are you using them? i see negativity as the crabs that pull  you back into the pot    just because many think it's  cool not to care doesn't mean i think it is   "
i want ot change my name to masala chai     wink     it fits me 
i will be seeing black swan today    to see if it lives up to the hype 
any suggestions or comments on which test is easier    the gre or the mat??
what time is it? time to cuddle   
rising & shining  wink  today will be a beautiful and productive day!
officially sick    let's see how long it lasts? my superior immune system should be kicking in full throttle any minute now    i'm sure it'll just be another minute      (waiting); 
