8f986a8140ee54b0c23c84758fcbc127
just painted the bedroom wall    waiting for it to dry so i can do a second coat 
i'm so out of shape    put together one closet out of four    ooo need a nap 
is so tired 
is going to read one of her favorite books and call it a night 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
"hasn't updated her status in months  now that i have, this is what i chose to say? i'm so exiting "
grrr i can't get into any facebook apps    anyone else having trouble?
one year ago was our wedding!  smile 
is watching auctions on swoopo    crazy!
"i like dogs and all, but with one neighbor having 6 and another with 8 dogs, there is just too much barking "
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
waiting for the directv guy to finish installing our new hd-dvr so i can go to ikea to buy our awesome new closet!
i may look like <propfemale> -- but don't sit in my lap 
"at work, not on facebook, kept it open, don't want to miss anything    even though i can't see it til much, much later   and nothing ever happens   ok bye "
"nothing better than a full belly, curled up in a comfy bed, playing games on the laptop   smile "
"got out early from work, woohoo! happy new year everyone!"
fallout 3 rocks!
workin' from home until otherwise noted!
"it is pouring out!  what is this thing called \rain\"" ?"""
my neighbor's (adult) daughter just backed through the fence separating our yards   good times 
made it to the easy coast safe and sound  now for some sleep!
"back in cali, still  on east coast time  at least i have my new phone to play with!"
"ugh, i am still on east coast time    was up at 7 smile 0 and i am ready for bed  i guess that's one way to make me a morning person!"
"we have a very angry duck in the back yard, and three broken eggs in the pool   hmmmm   "
i got up early to go for a mile jog   i think i might be crazy 
"current neighborhood dog count (5 neighbors total)   house #1: 3 dogs; house #2: 3 dogs; house #3: 5 dogs; house #4: 6 dogs; house #5, 8 dogs   silence (however brief): priceless "
up all night with tylenol and the heating pad  yeehaw 
shameless plug alert!  check out this new game from facebook    i could win money if i get the most visitors there  go here -->  http annoyed  bit ly fvcigy
<propfemale> christmas!
"score for jquery function:  <propfemale>, 1: ie6: 0   take that ie6! (yes i just came here to brag about that since it was a bear to figure out)"
"currently in a freeroll online  started with 7,500 people  down to 700  90 places paid will i make it?   "
"why didn't the pats do a weak punt over the heads of the defensive line? if they kicked it behind the line and sprinted forward, they would have caught everyone off guard and most likely recovered the ball "
"my friend showed me a site called paybox  you earn money from referrals and they even start you off with $25 free  paybox appears to be an mlm (multi-level marketing) initiative (with the potential to make a lot of money - if you're willing to play that game)  i'm not in for that, but i'm up for free money  if you're curious too, here is my affiliate link - get $25 free for yourself  http annoyed  www paybox me r gamekitty"
"i don't know much about politics but i am watching the pregame show and <propmale> o'reilly is being extremely disrespectful to the president - talking over him, arguing with him, and being completely rude  regardless of democrat republican whatever, i don't like disrespect  shame on him "
i'm up at 7 smile 0 on my day off  what's up with that? i don't even wake up til 9 on workdays!
"just played a game called \test yourself\"" on ps3  it is supposed to be a sort of iq test  i got \""significantly below average\"" intelligence  i could say more but <propfirst> told me i am not allowed to operate the computer without a helmet  let the comments begin!"""
"oh my gosh, i think i am going to go crazy  the neighborhood dogs have been barking all morning with no signs of letting up  i have headphones on and the music blasting, and i can still hear them   arg!   playful "
