5c4658a1b9a9cc5e04221d76575d1330
"happy new year, everyone"
"just got up, and loves summer "
dude! <propfirst> mays died! wtf?!
"leaving for the cabin early tomorrow morning, won't be back until next week wednesday  bye all"
"i'm back, everyone just calm down "
"i swear i'm about to throw this computer through a window at the microsoft headquarters  but if anyone says anything about macs, i'll throw it at them "
stupid computer    fixed now though 
camping tip: never throw glowsticks into a fire 
"just watched 'the kingdom', very good movie "
band camp this coming week at cmu
"band camp, coming back on friday"
back from band camp 
"as fa as i know, practice is at 3 tomorrow, if anyone knows otherwise, i'd appreciate if you'd let me know "
blacktopping a driveway in 90 degree weather: the perfect thing to do over a weekend!
"i went down to the sacred store where i'd heard the music years before, but the man there said the music wouldn't play "
"at <propfirst> whaley's cabin with some friends for the weekend, then back to the salt mines on monday   "
no school for me tomorrow   not for any good reason though   
"first of 6 in bb class, at out first competition! kudos to percussion and guard"
new greatest invention ever: vanilla pudding popsicles -- pudding on a stick!
"nostalgia kinda sucks, doesn't it?"
"i suppose i might as well put this up: you get 1 question, 1 honest answer  you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox or contact me) any question, anything  no matter how awkward it can be, i'll answer it honestly, no catch  but i dare you    to put this as your status and see what people ask you "
loathes the holiday season   
i never knew that being pissed and happy could go together so flawlessly in so many different connotations 
"for once, things seem to take a turn for the better "
"a person is traveling in a perfectly spherical, transparent object at just over the speed of light  said person has the nerve to turn on a flashlight  what happens?"
"there is only one better way to spend a day off than drinking coke, eating popcorn, and watching lotr "
thanks to all the happy-birthday wishers!
"be nice to that weird kid in school   one day he might become famous and have unlimited access to high e playful losives, radioactive materials, and a security clearance second only to the president "
thinks we should do a basshunter marching show   
is bored out of his mind  this weekend is going to be fun - -
"has found out how cleverbot works, it's a very nice crock "
thinks that township ordinances are a load of bull 
loves her  smile  but won't get to see her 'til tuesday  sad 
is looking foreward to saturday  smile 
is just wondering: why do you people who keep getting bashed by that showerman person not just delete her from your friends?
wooooo! french project wrapping up the whole marking period due tomorrow   lets get started!
winter break  awesome  now i just need something to do   
"happy festivus, everyone!"
"\back and to the left  back and to the left  back   and to the left \"""""
needs his own barbershop quartet 
"'s favorite quote of the week: \i try to get in position but you just keep going bam!\"""""
congrats to the spartans!
needs to get a job for this summer   
wants to get a bagpipe 
hasn't seen <propfirst> <propmale> or <propfirst> colbert for a while   and is remembering how awesome they are 
now has an operational spud cannon  sweeeeet 
why are people so incredibly stupid?
<propfirst> clapton and <propmale> daltrey at dte in detroit? yes  awesome 
google never fails to amaze me!
is pleased with his new cooler and headset 
khaaaannnnnnn!!!!!
"in addition to finding out that my basement leaks, i also have a buildup of deep purple residue by my groundwater pump  yay "
wow  portal 2 looks incredible 
"once again, i complain: do you recall the scene in titanic (either the movie or one of the documentaries) right after she hits the iceberg, and the rivets are popping out of the hull, and water begins jetting in? i think i'm living on the titanic  hooray "
"going to see <propfirst> clapton and <propmale> daltrey tonight with <propfirst> whaley, should be awesome "
"there was a fire in the hood this morning, everyone made it out ok, but the house is a total loss  'twas a nice house too "
great news everyone! keeblers now has a cookie that pretty much duplicates girl scout samoas- but you can get them year round! huzzah!
"baked you a pie  what flavor, you ask? pie flavor "
a bowling for soup marching show  thats what we need!
you people make me ill 
"if quizzes are quizzical, then what are tests?"
"a cnn reporter, while interviewing a <propfemale> sniper, asked, \what do you feel when you shoot a terrorist?\""  \",5c4658a1b9a9cc5e04221d76575d1330,damn facebook and its new profile thing  why can't we just have one giant 4chan-esque imageboard?
tip of the day: always choose overnight delivery on your mail-order brides 
and this is why we can't have nice things 
damn you ups! three days means three days!
one cannot simply walk into mordor!
the rest of my computer gets here today  so much for having a life  playful 
i'm now on my kickass new computer  yeah 
ra-ra-rasputin!
i love gta iv and its amusing business names  an insurance firm: getalife  ride at the carnival: bumper and dumper 
anyone know the number 548-5674?
"received: act scores \reaction: pleased "
ain't that some shit 
