38935223e40b10a442670cf773ff1a78
"you know, it amazes grandparents when the grandbabies smile at them, laugh just to laugh, or even quietly sigh just to hear some noise  it amazes me when i look to see who is touching me, and egan's either patting my arm just so he can smile, or he's rubbing my side back or arm to try and make me feel better  it's weird to think i am about to be a mom for 2 years on may 29th "
"i've got a solution! ha! that's a bit funny  ok anyway,                                      just dance!!  laugh "
"so there's sonething up with egan (buddah baby) because he's got a bad sounding cough, and hoarse cry  now he's laying on my side listening to lady gaga  moments like this take all the frustration away "
tonight is the worst night of my life! i just realized that my absolute greatest just came to life! we lost dad between 6p m  and 7 p m tonight 
the memorial service will be at first assembly of god in burkburnett at 1 surprise 0 p m 
"so now i am officially a ft employee of texas specialty hospital! it's great  can't wait til the benefits kick in  dad always said i'd be in this new position, and yet it sux because he's not here to celebrate with me now  we have to take the crap that's thrown at us and make do "
"can anyone please e playful lain to me wtf the whether is doing?! it's spring and yet the sky's throwing snow at us!! rain would be perfectly fine, but no we have to have the one thing i absolutely hate-snow  wtf???"
"the greatest guy i know beats me with something every morning i'm home  this morning it was a box, then a <propfemale> hand laying on my cheeck  i love the suck up kisses and egan's face as a wake up sight "
"so i need to put more pix of me on here  i'm tired of this one  if anyone has any old pix of me on your profile, please let me have them  lol nothing embarrassing though  no pix from the yearbook "
"\until your rapture falls to pieces  find in me the room to breathe    \"""""
"so i was making good progress ironing my scrubs earlier, until the iron jumped out at me and burnt my l forearm  this is gunna be fun at 6:45 in the morning "
"if you have a birthday this, happy birthday!! i'm gunna be busy so i won't remember to wish y'all one "
"so i hate work right now, and the sky is about to come crashing down on me  my world feels like it's fading fast and i'm stuck gasping for air  any advice on how to get through?"
"gotta try to sleep tonight  i haven't taken the antidepressant mom gave me so it's gunna be a rough time  i see him everyday, in every dream  it's so hard to cope now that everything's setting in and hitting harder than ever  will i ever find the hour that i don't cry in my sleep?"
"everyone has their very own <propfemale>  i'm sick of mine!! take it away, i don't care anymore  it's not that important to me now "
wonders why people have to be such asses  what's so hard about growing up and taking responsibility for your stuff?
"loves how things go so horrible (like having your car repoed) and then getting approved for an '06 from the nissan dealership  funny how things work  1 day it's really crappy, the next i'm told i'm getting a new-to-me car "
is workin on getti9ng a new car! i need a co-signer tho  i hate not having credit 
"so egan's 2nd bday is going to be at the park on saturday  if you wanna get him some thing, or just show up, call me  it doesn't matter if he gets presents, we need to go through the toys he's got now  my # is listed on here, just call anytime mon-thrus "
"hey everyone, sorry i haven't been on in a bit  if you wanna talk get my number and call me"
"so now i'm 23 and my b-day sucked  what can i say, a crappy day for a crappy year  i had no one to spend it with since dad left, so i tried to keep from being alone  i'm glad it's over now!"
thanks or the birthday wishes everyone  i made it through a horrible day when all i tried to do was call dad   that was hard!
omg! if i had a video camera on egan right now! it's so cute and funny 
"egan's words are coming now!!! he's saying happy!! i asked if he wanted a happy meal, and now that's all he says  he even pointed to the smile on the happy meal box!"
"going out for dinner, send me a message"
"ok, i have officially realized that i gave life to a nut! egan's chillin in the tub with his froggie blanket, acting like he's in bed nappin  the only thing is- he has water in it so he can swim  yep, that's definately my boy  ha ha"
"alright, i'm calling it a massively early night guys  i'm beyond exhaution! i can't even tell if that's spelled right  lol peace out, sweet dreams and happy labor day weekend "
"so i've got an interview on sunday for build-a-bear, and got asked on a date all in the same day  i guess i'm the exception to the gilmore luck    right? lol <propfemale> happy right now "
"dear uncle <propmale>, tell dad that we love him and miss him  it seems his life was stolen, but i know he's gone for some reason  idk what that reason is just yet, but i have a good idea  i love you, miss you "
cake anyone?
so egan totally kicked my butt in the wrestling <propfemale>tch we had yesterday  round 2 later today  i won't be so easy this time  little fart bit the knot in <propfemale> neck  crazy vamper! i love it 
being numb for 6 months is really starting to kick my butt  i really needed this change 
"it's deffeinately a day for layin out by the pool and trying to tan  my luck, i'll just burn "
"if you wanna keep in touch with me, get my # off here before monday next week  i will be deleting this profile then  i f you do, let me know who you are so i can save the # "
"grrrr! sl, you're mean  you tell me i'm \not\"" gunna do something and now i can't  that's not fair and it's really not funny  i'm gunna pull an egan- meowroar! (it all goes together)  lol"""
"oh yea, i got it  egan's totally hooked not only on the longhorns, but also on the lost boys: the tribe! he's my little rockstar  laugh "
"dude which one of you is pregnant?!  i got prego cravings, and all that  this is crap, i hate the cravings and side effects of being prego "
    it took the death of hope to let you go     
i'm so sick of keeping this show going  why can't you be strong for me and let let me do what i need  meditation only goes so far in this state of being 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now 
"omg! egan is totally rockin out to \need some sleep\"" it's righteous! that's my little rockstar"""
needs to really take up boxing    and a long roadtrip with some friends to see some friends     
"so i've come the conclusion- i give up  we don't talk anymore and i can't hold on to someone something that's not there anymore  i guess this is \good bye\"""""
"who watched the rangers last night? a-maz-ing!!! if there was ever a picture perfect game, that so far would be it  world series- here we come!!!!!  playful "
"life is starting to really look up  all i need now is work and and i'll be set  i asked for a sign, and got dad's scent  after it started goin up hill "
"i could to a masqurade ball with no mask, and you'd still not know who i am   "
"so much to think about, i just don't know what to do  wish dad was still here  i could really use his guidance more than anything right now!"
"dear uncle <propfirst>, \good bye to you  we will all be together again one day, but until then- you, dad, memmaw, and uncle <propmale> keep bringing us the laughs, cries, and all good memories  love you "
"\   i'd give you everything if you'd just let me stand beside you      nothing but darkness in me   \"""""
is seriously feeling some nirvana today!!!
really hates this part of everything       
i feel like hell is coming for me  blah! hot totties are in my future     
"do i work? yes! i work 24 hours a day  because i'm a mom  i am a cook, a cleaner, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a maid, a security officer & a comforter  i don't get holidays, sick-pay, or a day off  i work through the day & the night  i am on call at all hours  now tell me my job isn't a real one, its the best one! re-post if you are blessed enough to be a mom  i am!!!"
i'm steady sinkin' in       stay tuned for more 
gotta find a way to <propfirst> on a tues  or thurs  between 8 a  and 5 p  it's hiring time for my old position i had in falls town @ the mpec!! god knows i miss that job  more like the career i let go of for dad  i'm glad he didn't know about the offer and me turning it down
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it"
"if you're thinking of calling me and you know you're gunna make an jackass of yourself, do us both a favor- don't call me!"
"funny  i couldn't figure out what i wanted to <propmale> in, but looked at my info on here  philosophy or religion is what it says, so i'll go w  that!"
"new piercing!! i love it, and my motto- cause pain to ease pain  in other words, my temporary physical pain takes more emotional pain away, so i can go longer w o needing to feel the needle in my skin leaving a trace of ink, or a hole for jewelry  i love tat shops!"
"send me an angel, send me an angel right now, right now!!"
ladies and gents  welcome to my hell!!! this is the worst day of all time!
the zion train is coming our way    
"so egan's potty training again  it's so cute, sorta, cuz he's like  \i go potty \"" this goes on 4 like 10 minutes in the bathroom alone! just the look on his face makes it worth while  thanx dad! you've rubbed off him way too early  miss you so much!!"""
so i'm thnking of changing schools now  i need advice fast!
"<propmale>, <propmale>, mo, <propfirst>, <propmale> if you guys need someone to help you through this dreadfully tragic celebration- we are here  we love you all so much, and will try to do anything for you all  don't be afraid to call "
"i have tattoos, so i'm a trouble maker  i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm not nice  if i cry some times, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm sleezy  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i care!!! re-post this if you're proud of who you are!!"
"the love, the hate  this song keeps going on and on and on  when will it ever come to paper? i've got to get it out, it may be the key to my dreams    "
"i'm in a rut!!!! i need some help w  this song! it's not in order, but i'll tell ya if you think ya can help "
wow! so i just got some news from a friend that made me laugh  it's so hilarious when people say things then lie about thier comments when they are being confronted over the phone  true colors show when the exes are not around to defend themselves  can we all agree that's the definition of childish?
i feel so stupid! this song i've been trying to write out of my head has already been up for reading on here  1 piece is hidden in all my writtings  funny how reading things after 7 months puts everythng into perspective 
