de7d6afda35f950832bb082f7d5ecf8c
"wow    lots and lots of comments     well i have learned a very valuable lesson this weekend, and that is that i have to learn to cook"
i need a new job  hate all this waking up at 5 and coming home at 5
man bear pig is real
"too tired, hate getting to asu on the bus"
first day    excited yet nervous wat bout you guys
so much work on my first day    annoyed 
"bored more than the term \ bored out of my mind"""
"in class, hahahaha i would not be able to do this in high school"
"no one is on, this sucks"
wants to go home and sleep
"we normal people are <propmale>'s while \special\"" people are pc's"""
want a to sleep a but cant a since a he has a to much a work yes thats how you say correctly yes?
i'm on a boat motherfucker and dont yha ever forget
<propmale> language is so annoying
i need sleep
bout to go see zombie land finally
the boondocks saints 2 was  awesome
"i hate procrastinating, yet i still do it"
doesn't wanna go to his three hour class(sad face)
cant wait to get home and play assassins creed zwei
 users shinigami desktop nofoodon png
is debating wether to go to school tomorrow
i want to go home
i have finally found the truth! and i got mgs4
i dont wanna do a project and a paper by tomorrow     procrastination rules!!!!!
needs to write two 8 <propfemale> papers for 1 class
<propmale> is school
just had a wonderful evening with <propfemale>
well since everyone is doing it    <propfemale> christmas
got dragon age origins gonna see what all the fuss is about
has to say that darksiders actually looks pretty cool
i likes masuka; from <propmale>
"holy crap can't believe im a sayin this but i wanna go back to schools, to get more of mines edumacation"
"you know i just figured this out  starting from 8 35 to three i only have fifteen minutes in between all my classes mon,wen and friday, looks pretty horrible"
"happy new year, shower time"
so according to mythbusters drinking hard liquor and beer does not give you a worse hangover than just beer   
i wanna go eat at mooby's now
key to joy is disobedience
"so much studying, when will this end!!!!!"
"so im guessing its sprint vs tmobile, and verizon and at&t"
"oh yhea i have an a in  my cis 105 class, off to a good start i suppose"
whats the first thing that comes to your mind when u hear i pad?
only thing i hate about cooking is the cleaning
"so yhea i forgot my wallet and phone, but not ipod    so im good"
"hey everyone that plays farmville, please gimme stuf to build my stable"
"seriously, how can the colts have lost"
"all who are on in facebook and have a farmville, help me build my storage unit"
ahhhh what happened to my facebook!!!!!!
f*** i lost the game
"one thing and one thing only, slipknot, amazing, that is all continue on   "
oh power rule how i love thee
"is thinking that his video games misses him, so to the video games!!!! hoo rha!!!"
rain rain go away we dont want you anymore
and i still have a girlfriend
"i wonder why when i do study i get a low score but when i don't study i get a high score? hmm, i wonder i wonder says i speaking the words that are spoken by me"
my first college spring break and i have to spend it with my family what are ur thoughts on this people
"ah, southpark, such a good show"
im pregnant
i dont wanna write a paper    yet i will
so yhea interviewing people is tiring who would have thought right
"so yhea south park made fun facebook, ah south park what will they do next, this is sad"
im hungry but what to get
"baba <propfemale> mow mow, baba <propfemale> mow mow"
"so yhea where has this semster gone, only feels like yesterday classes were starting again"
"too much bloody homework, and they say this is just the beginning of life? fml"
is saying goodmorning  had a night last night and now im pumped up for today hoo rah
is saying goodmorning  had a night last great night and now im pumped up for today hoo rah
is saying goodmorning  had a great night last  night and now im pumped up for today hoo rah
"so yhea what the hell <propfemale>, i mean i know most of ur people dont know where some countries are but really mexico??? you can at least teach people these days where the two <propmale> neighbors of this country are  i mean its only two for <propmale>'s sake  sigh"
so much studying
"so yhea precal final tonite, think im ready, vectors though sigh"
"so yhea never gonna lose computer charger ever again, 80 dollars is just too much when ur poor"
so apparently i like myself who knew
"just got home from work, 11 and a half hours, up from 5 work start at 7 1 hour of break, bed time i think, after i nice hto shower"
thanks to all the people that said happy birthday smile  thnks
"you know im when people ask me what im studying for my degree and i tell them physics, people that have never had that subject ask me, what is that?, and the one's that have taken a couple classes call me crazy and good luck   "
yhea go germany 4-0 against australia
"so yhea, guess this song annoyed im like <propfemale> solo stroking my own wookie   "
happy fathers day to all fathers put their<keep doing a good job!!!!!!
"sigh,what i need is sleep, but just sleep, dont want to dream anymore, hurts to much"
"so yhea just figured out myself that i lost a relationship because i was to ashamed to admit my mistake, i never meant to stop being passionate about her, but the worry was so big that that was what i was thinking about, but as soon as i fix one i lost the other, sigh fml"
"well my turn turn to turn in, sigh busy busy day tomorrow, dont think i will go to sleep till 3 sunday, night <propfemale>, and good luck to all the people out there, for whatever reason, to the depressed, happy, joyfull, sad, regretfull, just remember to always smile smile "
"so hahahahaha germany winning, f yhea"
"well what happens happens for a reason right? just understanding that past is the hard part, but all we can do is try right?"
"ah, good way to end a weekend after a sad week, but each day hurts less and less  smile , i can get through this right???? yeps i can, like a good friend told me, if you truly love something, let it go, and if it comes back its meant to be, if not, well be happy, you have friends, we will tread this ground together, thanks to all the people that have offered their support to me"
"so shower then job interview at old job place, new owner, and workers say better, that and i get to worl in kitchen this time"
"ugh,summer classes start tomorrow    sad  but hey gots me a job, balance out? maybe?"
"so just learned that facebook has a maximum of 5000 friends, thats way to many"
"ugh,tomorrow have work from 2 to 9    and school at tempe before that"
"3more hours, so tired, and crap gots hw due tomorrow, work work work"
"7 more days to mayhem  smile , f*ck yhea!!!!"
"so was thinking, if people break the laws in science, mean like the laws of physics(somhow) that would make you a criminal right?"
yay dont have work till sat smile 
"bout to get blood drawn,yippee???"
"hate old people, reallly there is nothing wrong with that, just some paint to touch up and done, nothing ever happen, gah even my truck got no damage, sigh should have check if the pain was white"
beam me up snotty
"so ive decided if i ever get cancer, throwing a huge party, and you guys come coffin shoppin wit me, dont want none of that pity thingy, i wanna go in style  smile "
"so the 4 0 dnd is not bad, actually much easier"
"holy crap, get off school, then week and a half later, school starts again"
"so uh guys cameras are off so u dont need to go 5 under the speed limit in the freeway, is all"
"funny thing about humility  just when you think you've got it, you've lost it, hahaha love fortune cookies"
"ugh two weeks left for summer school, then new semster, but on bright side just made 250 on first week of work, so stick your head up high and blow ur brains out, funny song, only soing bout suicide that makes it sound fun"
so texting been around since around 1992
"so hangin wit friends tonite, no work,"
"so was just playin ninja gaiden 2 and i noticed that killing people with old m<propmale>ial <propmale> weapons are very messy, just walls full of blood sometime, funny how it never gets on his body though"
so um just found out that the ancient egyptians believed that some god masturbated and created everything    creepy  surprise 
"so yhea hate it when i die, cuz then i go back to save point and i have a mole yell at me"
so someone made me notice that for the longest time i have been spellin yeah wrong    
if ur 555 then im 666 whats it like to be a heretic!!!
"must finish papers, must grade gooder"
"so my closet is definitely a black whole, just found a hat thats been buried for the past year or longer"
"hahaha i may have forgotten somethings about whom i was from my past, but now that i've grown and remember these things i can now face the present with my new found weapons"
"=cvlsnfclkndsckln dpsichvpirw'hfvihwarvifsvn dsoubvncosdbnvads cm owejfbqa cljkqewbnfoqwnd, wqdfnbqw pi13wnq"
hooray for <propmale> fries
"so according to fox, afghan terrorist are training monkeys on how to shoot american soldiers  surprise "
"sigh its sux seein <propfirst> <propmale> in all his old movies, rip <propfirst>"
"finally finished last paper of this class, should really learn not to leave hw to be done at last <propfemale>  dont know how i pulled of writing three papers in less than a night"
the office    amazing
financial aid office line is very long these days
hahahaha i love how i get a b in a class where i didnt try so hard
you know a mind is a terrible think   
"hahaha going through room packing, its funny how many little things you find laying round can bring up so many old memories    then see the stupid mistakes you do when ur younger and just smile at it while calling urself a dumbass"
"ugh, i am dead after today, work was annoying, as soon as you think ur done, boom something happens that makes you stay later, oh well, mean i got like 3 extra hours today"
well time for life to start   
"gonna go <propfemale> wit my cuz, finally not bored no more"
sooooo f-ing bored!!!!!
i think its funny how you hear black on tv a lot more(refering to black people)
people are so odc
tooddle motherfukeeeeeeer
hey did you guys know protons have mass? yeah i didn't even know they were catholic
tall foreigner walk way too fast
"<propmale> is not just a dog, but the guardian of the dead"
"save the cheerleader,save the world"
i think math is easy when i am extremely tired    weird???
time for shower after an hour of working out
i wonder if lol will ever die
"naps are amazing, nuff said"
body is so sore!!!! but it seems working out a bit more relieves that tension    think gonna pay for that tomorrow morning   ugh
<propfemale> pong is fun
"boondock saints   amazing, period"
i hat epeople who say ah and um every three words
so i have 33 5 gigs of music   just music not counting movies and videos   
"cheech and <propfirst>, part of my heritage  smile "
"sigh, guess its time to go work out"
sigh gotta get this math stuff fixed   
"so saw an episode of beavis and butthead    how did we watch that show, it was so f-ing stupid   "
"<propfirst> wants a snuggie guys, get him one"
"so yeah just saved like 41 dollars in groceries, which made me think, im gnna be eating gooood for the next 2 weeks"
i  love  penis
dont worry we are the good guys remember
good football game
"my back is like totally getting bigger and so are my arms and legs, hahahaha, working off is actually paying off  laugh !!!!!!!"
"so apparently eggs and bacon is gourmet food for college students, i say they need to learn to cook   "
holy crap food is amazing after working out     fffffffooooooooodddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"ok so working out means more food, sigh    its soooooooo good"
old disney movies make feel old
"hey guys guess what, im in limbo, yeah take that catholic faith it does exist, well time to goes save some more souls, see yha"
"i love doing physics, just hate how sometimes how easy it can be after working a problem for a long time, then figure how to do it, then feel stupid, but proud at same time"
"ok so when u hear <propmale>, what race do you think of? white black hispanic indian, come on dont be shy do tell"
"just because people question things does not mean that they dont know how to accept, which is the sad par, because we as humans have one of these things, some who fight for a point never ending, or others whom accept everything that happens to them, i believe to lead a good life we have to use both so that we may lead a life of understanding but at same time not to let others walk over us"
"going swimming to work out, fml"
"one thing, yogurt=amazing"
fooooooooooooooooooood is amazing!!!!! nuff said
we are living the future!!!!!
"note to self, have to much music, do not delete music from i pod ever again, took me 50 <propfemale> to download once more"
so cl4p becomes an assassin????
if you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball
"nevermind, calc is fun"
fooooooooooooooood
i go through games like a player goes through women
"he laughs at himself, never runs out of things to laugh at"
"knock knock\whos there\dude\dude who?\dude wheres my car!!!!"
"its official, i can run a mile in 12min and 15 sec"
holy mother of fuck    have never heard of this before 
a woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition  ouch!!!-fortune cookie
"watching english people play <propfemale> pong is actually funny, piss of, twat, you know the cuss words they use is funny to hear"
dunkin donuts in the morning!!!!
"i take a couple uppers, i take a couple downers"
"dangit wanna watch <propmale>, but dont have channel"
so its 1 in the morning cant sleep so im gnna study? wtf world? whats happening here?
"milk+chocolate syrup=orgasm, in my mouth"
come sail away
so colny got me hooked on cafe world    sigh
im beat
"so was seeing divorce court, this women has a huge sex drive, cept the guy no wanty the sex    its like the roles were reversed   "
ok maybe ill play dead rising
"so when a guy stalks a girl its just creepy, when does it, who here agrees with me when a girl does it its five times as creepy"
so nascar is only for the stupid and poor-south park    ahhh i love that show
ith great mustache comes great responsibility
but why is the rum gone?
"ugh, time to start studying once again for these stupid exams this week"
"i like how when doin calc, some problem take like a corner of the <propfemale>, where as others take almost half a <propfemale>, but oh well, on my way to mastering this, ugh, dumb mastery test"
i love peace and quiet   
"so just figured out i have been studying for the wrong exam, right subject, diffrent exams"
how is k mart still in business?
so full
spider pig!!!
<propfirst>= <propmale> affleck
"what does hogwas mean, and why co people say it still?????"
"bout to take a mid term, sigh, so tired, want to sleep"
like my status & i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you 7  give    you a weird    nickname  8  challenge you to repost this!
"if you have had a horse who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently accepted your tears without judgement, snuggled with you, knew your faults and forgiven you anyway, make this your status  horses are a gift most of us don't deserve  repost this if you have or have had an amazing equine"
wants the new all that remains cd
305
<propmale>!!!!!
"you & i wake up in jail together  what would you say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy & paste this in your status -- fair is fair)"
can anyone imagine going to jail for sexually offending yourself?
\and shepherds we shall be\,de7d6afda35f950832bb082f7d5ecf8c,"woot, i weigh 315, from 330 to 315, im proud of myself"
hey its those two idiots again
"my parents were mean to me when i was a kid! they made me do chores, go to school  they gave me a curfew, made me get a job and work for the things i wanted they insisted that i do my best at school and my job and take pride in my work  i grew up with morals, a good work ethic and   respect   for the law  i thank god everyday    for my mean parents! (copy and paste if you agree)"
dont cross the road if you cant get out of the kitchen!!!
"girl: your going to be a father\guy:im pregnant?"
i wanna learn to river dance   
"token your black, you can play the base-cartman"
bam fuck can't believe that just happenedis it dead?
taking random walks are amzing when you wanna clear your mind
those who dont protect their friends are worse than scum
love playing piano
"replace is such an ugly word, we upgraded   "
they used cthulhu    never thought they would
had a fun time tonight
so i think i figured out why men have jobs out of their house when they are married
i really want pancakes
"so 2 <propfirst> is like two pac, he keep comin out wit albums even after death   "
"this is a free country   \no it isn't, its a democracy, and most of us don't like what u doin here "
how does someone lose a wheelchair!!!!
yes makin me self some pancakes!!!!
just a small town girl
"live young, die fast, make a pretty corpse  smile "
he deers to kill a kings dare
"so i have decided, chopin had to been on crack or something when composing his music   "
"whoa, <propfemale> <propmale> was in jumper    did not know"
need to get my self a camera    black friday!!!!!
gonna give eternal sonata a try once more
let the dogs out!!!
has decided that j k  rowling is a bitch    i mean she kills of dobby    sigh i liked that lil elf   
"one word,pancakes!!!!!"
'appy 'anksiving mates
vittoria agli assassini!!!!!!
got castlevania: symphony of the night free by buying the new castlevania: lords of shadow www konami com castlevania
"minions listen, i have yogurt now, everything will be fine now, thank you, that is all"
"ok, when priest comes out, you guys should go see it"
"colby: nothin funny bout hittin your funny bone\luis: not for you but for me it is funny, hahahahaaha"
love the feeling after a workout
"breakfast for dinner, what part of that does not sound right?"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse "
"hahahaha my friend just told me to stfu while she was playin through fire and flame, haahahaha"
so saw a shooting <propfemale> tonight awesomeness
working behind the scenes is always fun
dont know wether to faceplay or youbook
"i know my uses\i have my pride\but my heart is still untamed"
"a normal person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97%of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that doare my friends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post   "
ok   so severeral people are doing this i so idecided why not: the number game: mail me a # from 1-1000 & i'll tell you how i feel about you in a status without anyone knowing  remember your #!
"6109- hahaha even though its only been couple months, it was good times when we spent throwin crap out the window, and cookin stuff, but best part is that i have seen what road s i can go down with and able to choose which ones i want, and messin with peoples thoughts can be fun"
"7896- well ever since we met we did not get along, funny thats how it was with most people in high school, anyway yha we hated each other, but did not mean we did not have fun those four years, even if ur temper was always short with me, and were annoying like crazy, i still love yha like a sis"
"3756- it was always funn hanging out with you, evertime i was wit you it was always enjoyable, you were always nice to me, and hanging out in six flags was awesome, we should all get together an do that again   "
"well time to work out, shoulder blades are killin me though, hmm what should i do???"
ok   so severeral people are doing this i so idecided why not: the number game: mail me a # from 1-1000 & i'll tell you how i feel about you in a status without anyone knowing  remember your #!
i want to try the red pill
":  ?l? ——volume——— ?l? \: ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?\: <propfemale>- – – – – – –— -?<propmale>"
cannot be<propfemale>eve jet <propfemale> plays the monkey <propmale>   
<propfirst> dinero crossdressing is just awesomeness
has just noticed that there is to much cleaning to do by tuesday
ahh black sabbath
"inbox me and confess something that you've always wanted to tell me or ask me  itss privatee i promisee   smile  put this as your status  you might be surprised  dont worry , i wont tell  laugh "
think i prefer the cricket in my dorm room right bout now
"hahahahaha, using my laptop as a router, i win"
"yha know what i just noticed, <propfirst> is a jew   yet he knows christ is real, mean he has interacted with him   "
"<propfemale> christmas ya'll have fun, be safe, and dont get that drunk, he he"
"yep, did not really feel christmas this year, hope everyone else had a blast though  smile "
"seeking nothing,\he gains all;\forgoing self \the universe\grows \i\""-\",de7d6afda35f950832bb082f7d5ecf8c,"\what should i do? should i go back to my friend and admit i was wrong? nah im just gonna keep being a dick   \""-eric cartman"""
"i like how a number calls me and i dont pick up, but when i call back it says the number has been disconnected    weird dontcha think"
"you and i wake up to the zombie apocalypse together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours "
"went to dentist, aparently i need dentures    or do i???"
"hate it when you thought emotions were gone and they come up rushing all at once, what a way to ruin a perfectly good night   "
"\save the cheerleader   \"""""
"repost this if you, or someone you know ,or maybe someone you know knows someone who knows someone who knows someone else    in fact just repost this if you don't know anyone,because you never know -- someone you don't know might just read it and will tell someone they know about it "
\zynga not liable   \,de7d6afda35f950832bb082f7d5ecf8c,<propmale> wake fun game
back in dorms
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (let's see who gets it and follows the instructions--p s  don't give it away as reply
<propmale> and <propfirst>    good movie
"i push my fingers into my eyes, its the only thing thats slowly stops the ache, but its made of all the things i have to take, jesus it never ends it works its way inside, if the pain goes one, im not gonna make it"
"party of ten people is fun, but a party of 30 people would be twice as much fun  smile "
"boy meets world, so many years seen i have not"
"so just did the buffalo wild wings challenge and won, 3 <propfemale> and 40 sec    yay?"
<propmale> is not the son <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>
"\and if we are dead?\""\",de7d6afda35f950832bb082f7d5ecf8c,"despite all of my rage\im still just a rat in a cage"
so roommate says it is only gay if you look in each others eyes   
bulletstorm must get game when it comes out
"dont leave food in your room cuz it will attract ants, and possibly <propfemale> o <propfirst>"
"i like going comatose, hallucinating vividly then have amnesia when i get out of a comatose state"
"you know shang hai\of course i love japan"
"superbowl, who you think gonna win?"
"steelers should  have won, oh well, next year maybe right?"
"always forgive your enemies, but never forget the name of your enemy- j  f  kennedy"
"mayhem festival   god smack, disturbed, megadeath, machinhead    and more    cant wait"
my cats breath smells like cat food-ralph
"so if facebook ever goes down, how do we notify people that its down? lol"
"well today is bromance day, is love between two guys, its not gay love but bro love     lol"
if it weren't for electricity we would all be watchin tv by candle light
if you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1) crazy  (2) i'd marry you  (3) i want to date you  (4) sarcastic  (5) i miss you  (6) i'd kiss you  (7) a dork ( smile  smart  (9) imaginative  (10) random  (11) hot  (12) funny  (13) fit  (14) amazing  (15) tough  (16) cute  (17) i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile  i love you  (19) i would stab you (20) great friends 
happy pie day guys
rip <propmale> giraldo
when is <propmale> coming back
"there is nothing gay about it, its guy love"
"so what is it and women with their couch pillows, mean i think two is enough, more than that and their is way too many, but thats just mean, who agrees with me?"
i cannot wait for gears 3
"i know, nature is dangerous, thats why i believe in pollution, hit them first\-colbert"
"so before the 1800, close to 1900, that the new year was at the end of march"
"give a man a fish and he eats for a day  teach a man to steal fish and he will eat until caught, like a fish "
so do lawyers have lawyers?
r i p m  chuy
"before i forget, happy new year guys"
im the dude playing the dude disguised as another dude
"survival of the fittest\in the wild, there is no health care  in the wild, health care is, ‘ow, i hurt my leg  i can’t run  a lion eats me  i’m dead ’ well, i’m not dead  i’m the lion  you’re dead "
