12f8c6cd7e75cb7074b7a407dbd3a87c
i got my computer fixed!!
leaving saturday for a month!!
i don't have to work tomorrow
"too much work, didn't even realize it's national let's get drunk day   i gotta take some leave "
woo!! no work tomorrow!!
i love working late!! not!
i got my license back!!
i guess that's it   
woo! san <propmale>!
cali from 13 to 17 june!! can't wait!!!
"will be again in july, don't know dates"
fuck yo couch
pay day friday on a 96   and i get duty
woo! hawaii!
aussies are great!
{messages only} tell me something you always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us  post this as a status and see what you get 
wooo!!! can get on facebook on a boat finally!!!
wooo!!! i can get on facebook on a boat finally!!!
if anyone needs to reach me this is the only way right now
"finally getting into the sca!! goodbye procrastination!! okay, maybe i won't go that far   "
woooo!!!!! i'm home!!!!!
fix my phone and my computer dies   wtf
if it's not one thing it's another   fix my computer and my car breaks down now  i'm afraid to see why next
phone number is 813 862 9195  check tokyo time zone and don't call me in the middle of the night
woo!!! i love the 6th man sense!!!
typhoon supplies = 4 subway samiches and two of those large gatoraides  should last me through the storm
woo! cars fixed!
epic fail
epic fail number two
"email is on the <propmale>, gayness!!"
woo! internet's up again!
how did we meet? (copy this and see who remembers)
completely honest for 24hrs ask me anything you want as long as you send it to my inbox and i'll answer it
fml
show me the red card!
"accommodating –adjective\easy to deal with; eager to help or please; obliging \ya   that's me alright   \accommodating\""   """
"the suspense is killing me, literally, just ninja punch me and get it over with already so i know what's going to happen"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vjsvi8tkpzo
professional is as professional does
"if\ you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me, put a ?  if i am \your friend, put a  smile  if you want to go out with me, poke me  if youmiss\ me, put a  annoyed  if you ever had a crush on me, message me saying youdid  \if you're not scared, post this as your status, i dare you smile "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=texbmw2jbca
woo!! siq!!!
http annoyed  m military com news article army-mulls-women-in-combat-arms-units html?esrc=eb nl
"yeah, i don't agree at all"
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this "
"for all those back home: yes we are ok in okinawa, the earthquake etc  didn't affect us"
"for those of you in the states who keep asking me for it, you can text me at this number: 813-438-4808  no, you can't call it, but this number texts an app on my iphone so i'll always have it on me if i have service  my house phone is frequently disconnected, hence why i don't give that number out "
