f9e93b3b4e46ee098060525864b22c0a
alright then      first day on facebook and yeah      i'm skippy! who wants to take my wall virginity? hmmm? any takers?
gotta go to work soon   
i am sick     bleh!
"mmmm, sandwhiches"
"ok guys  freaking out  lol, exciting "
oh my god!!!! it went from 1 year to 6 months!!!!!!!!!!
"jebus, anyone need a couch?"
"look at me!!!!! well, my dresses  lol "
my tummy hurts from all the waiting and worrying 
"i just got done dropping connor off at meps  please, everyone prey for him "
"man, what a wierd weekend"
"wow, 3 months til the wedding  still so much to do!"
"went to the mariners game today, we got raped! the angels fucked us right in the ass!  annoyed "
the capitol city pride parade is this weekend!!!
the first person to respond to this gets a quarter!!!
brahahahaha!!!!!
kinda disappointed in some people > >
this town is too fuckin small      arg!!!! its' driving me insane!
hot damn!!!!
you guys rock! thanks so much!
fick!!!!
"holy frickin crap! 48 days, 7 hours, 35 <propfemale> and 10 sec until my wedding!!!!"
"so the cake is ordered, i have my dress, things are coming together  getting married soon people!!"
give me a reason why batman is better than superman! i have several  i made a list for work  lol 
"top of the list of things i don't want to know about!!!!!\the eating habits of a vagitarian! lol"
i have to pee!!!!
dude!!! i was almost killed today! attack of the killer swans man!
no puedo esperar para pasar el resto de mi <propfemale> contigo  te amo con todo mi corazón y <propfemale>  hasta 28 de agosto
hot damn!!!!!!!!
"dang, today was tooo long  out at westport with about 60 kids and a burnt face "
feelin kinda sexy! lol
woot! getting married in a month! august 28th people!
some things on my mind      feel artistically stunted      need more jewelry ideas 
wow!!!!
so!!!! anyone else feeling like this summer is super long?
"tomorrow is the bridal shower  the answers are 20, <propmale>, cutter's point, march 9, kat, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, breeann, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>, timberline, school safeway and   "
bwahahahaha
"fish, <propmale> and i played 1 degree to hitler  lol  example; fire engines are red, hitler's germany was fascist, hence firetrucks = hitler"
god! can't sleep!!!
"awesome, fun times     "
so   tired!
goin to bed     
connor <propfirst> <propmale> is the best most romantic person in the world!
blah!!!! 2 weeks left!!!!!!!
oh my goodness  just bought world war z and loving it  its by the same guy who wrote the zombie survival guide  genius!
just been making jewelry  made a pair of earings that took a little under 5 hours  hot damn!!
so ya'll! getting married on saturday! woo! big day!
so much for doing nothing today!
i am a married woman! just call me <propfemale> <propmale>!
"i really appreciate everything everyone did for my wedding, it was amazing and i love you all!"
going to go get my hair did! i'm trying to decide between russian spy or punk flip thing y!
"blah! so, yeah  moving out at the end of the month  connor leaves at the begining of next  shit! next thing we knoe christmas'll be here and everyone will be broke! lol "
"new school year, new children  woo!!!! lol, anyways  connor doesn't know this but i got him a present   smile "
going to another baby shower! so   many   babies!!! lol 
zumba tomorrow! woot!
at work! its 7 35 and still no children! fun times       
"jeez, okay! gotta work!"
"so! yes! very entertaining!!!! jeez       drawing a blank  lol, kinda a mess today "
"dear lord!!!! anyways, i think that i need a soda  i haven't had one in a long time  i want one, lol "
"so, connor is leaving today  i love him so much and being away from him for 3 months with minimal communication is killing me  i keep praying that i won't flip out but i'm going insane inside  lol, and when he comes back his boobie will be gone :' ("
"connor is gone   he got his head shaved, and i think i'll be getting a letter from him soon  thats exciting!"
"doing great! just chillin, workin, etc  still missing connor but thats to be e playful ected "
jebus! i'm so tired  i don't think i could go back to bed though  already almost afternoon 
feelin kinda blue  i really miss connor  my guts hurt  blah!
"god, i didn't have a real good day  i'm missing connor more than usual  anyways     blah!"
"so, i've been sounding like a whiny bitch these past few days  i'm choosing to be happy today "
so people! i went to a pta meeting today  it was actually pretty awesome 
"hey people! monday! yay! wow      blah  i'm actually tired  lol, got a phone call from connor yesterday!"
"so yes! its tuesday, not wenesday  sucks "
blah! still don't have my letter from connor  i'm missing him and i hate how this is making me feel  hopefully i get a phone call from him on sunday  love you connor!!!!
i just ate yogurt with a knife! hardcore 
sad day     
oh my god!!!! their remaking <propmale> horror picture show!!!!
connor comes home for 3 weeks december 18th!!!!!
so just to inform everyone  i was going to leave with connor for his first duty station mid june  now its mid april begining of may 
"i love you dude, your my best friend "
"what up homes? lol, no seriuosly i'm like albino"
ooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh      aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh     this profile has been hacked  smile   love  u <propfemale>!
"please\\copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face except a punch in the face!"
"is very frustrated, lost my cell phone somewhere! i have no idea!"
my phone is broken people! effin sucks!
i really miss connor  if he was here right now        
"zumba tonight!!!! lol, love it!"
so      tired     
"i hate bums and losers  there are too many people who wanna just \live\""  they don't want anything more than to be a bottom feeder or a leech """
25 days til connor comes home!!!!
i got to talk to connor for like 2 hours today  super sweet  the snow is cool too 
"goin to work, hopefully these assholes know how to drive on ice "
lovely weather we're having  i just hope it goes away by the 17th  i don't want connor's plane to be delayed 
"its begining to look a lot like christmas, everywhere you go!"
"had a good day, how about everyone else?"
i love the holidays 
good night strange world! lol
*sniff sniff* i smell bloooooooooooooh my god!!!!!
i like chillin with my friends
like this status and i'll tell you 1) how we met  2) my first impression of you  3) what i like about you  4) favorite memory with you 
if 15 people like this post i'kk take down my facebook pic and replace it with something less crazy
hey      its raining      really hard      sucks
"connor's christmas gift came in today! its so awesome  only a week, not even til he comes home!"
"why do birds suddenly appear, everytime you are near? just like me, they long to be close to you "
thunder!!!!!!!
so glad that connor is home  i missed him so much!
<propfemale> day after christmas!!!!!
our society is failing  i seriously believe the demise of the u s  will happen in my lifetime  everyone is out for their damn selves  and their f**king stupid 
i love my husband connor <propmale> sooooooooooo much  he is amazing  he calls me whenever he can  which is almost everyday  he keeps me informed and invites me to share in his decisions even if he already knows what he's going to do  i am so lucky to have someone like him  he's amazing  he is wonderful 
"new orleans i think is going to woop our asses  sorry, grandma says to be positive  seahawks are gonna win!!!!!!"
its final      we're all mexican
"freaking cold! going to go freeze my ass off  be back around nine! lol, fml "
sick      feelin like crap  coughing and hacking  feelin like my lugs are full of water  eeeewwww!!!!
i'm sick of being sick! blah!!!!
"i was walking into the kitchen      \gma: oh <propfemale>, i love your shirt! where did you get that? \me: *big smile* have you read it grandma? are you sure you like it? \gma: *reading it* \jesus loves you but everyone else thinks your a scumbag \"" oh <propfemale>! \",f9e93b3b4e46ee098060525864b22c0a,"nothing like watching the miss <propfemale> pagent with your grandpa, \ah! just crown  the bitch and get it over with!\"" me----> 0 0\"" lol  soon as they crowned her he turned it over to wrestling """
"see what happens when you leave your facebook open and up?? it gets hacked  i rock, you suck "
staying the night at my momma's house  watching the chronicles of riddick  hasn't that show been on like for a week?
happy tuesday everyone!!!!!!
"horrible day, horrible horrible day "
theres a few people i won't be talking to for awhile
you wanna play who has the biggest <propmale>? sure! but i'll win!
"i want you to comment on this status about how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
i'm painting again!!! i'm doing four paintings right now  there for my sister and i think they are going to be awesome!
"i'm <propfemale>, you're you, lets see how this goes  also, replies will be via message \\like my status and i'll tell you annoyed 1  what your name is saved as on my phone -\2  how long i've known you -\3  what my most memorable moment with you -\4  a word to describe you -\5  if i would care if i lost you -\6  what i love about you -\7  what i hate about you -\8  you've just been dared to make this as your status"
so i just realized how close it is before i leave to where-ever-land  its insanity!!!! i'm going to miss all my friends  who wants to <propfemale>?
yo peeps! i get my f**kin car tomorrow!!!!! super sweet!!
"had a great time at <propfemale>'s  \so my mom wants to take this turkey baster!!!!\"" hahahaha"""
love the grammy's!!!
just had a great time at zumba  it was awesome to go back  i miss it and the girls when i'm gone
bacalitoes are not mexican!!!!!!! you cannot make them with pancake mix!!!!!!
what to do      i want to start a hobby  anyone for going on nature hikes with me?
ha!!!! suck it!!!! lol
99 problems and a bitch ain't one! lol
"cthulu will eat your soul!!!! tastey, chewy souls!!!!!!!!"
"people think we have been stunted in technological evolution by religion, now i think we're being philosophically stunted by the politicaly correct"
"going to fucking comic con! going to see <propfemale> day, will wheaton and will shatner  also my husband is jealous because both boondock saints brothers will be there!!!!"
"ou and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together,using 4 words what would you say to me ? (note if you comment on this you must copy or paste this as your status so i can comment on yours   be a sport play along !)"
"god is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh \-voltaire"
i think i have coprophobia
i miss connor a lot right now      stupid feelings 
doodle doodle doodle       that sucks! crumple     doodle doodle doodle
so!!!!! god i'm in a mood today!!!
not planning on sleeping tonight   woot 
you all are fucking stupid! what the hell? i know you don't like me but you can at least polite! its not like i'm a huge bitch! i can be!
"the song \the final countdown\"" is now playing in your head """
insanity: a small price to pay for sheer brilliance!
very nice sunday     i get to talk to my husband all day long!
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without & someone you can always count on    repost this if you have a sister that you love ???"
"i love my friends, they are awesome  thanks for an awesome night guys "
"my phone is trashed! gotta get a new one  oh! and for those of you who don't know, connor got stationed at ft  <propfirst>  looks like i'm not going anywhere "
