dabbbe8764b2db60d65fad7e4717a8de
"knocking out finals then gonna be on break, 3 weeks without a test in sight!!! time to do some skiing!"
"beachin', boatin',  & catchin' fish"
need a chiropractor? how about the best facility for chiropractic? student intern who is open to seeing patients @ life university! call 770-265-7718
rocked out in clinic today!
another week another dollar - oh wait we don't get paid
as long as i'm not 9th or 12th quarter   i love osce day! i'll be out water skiing if you need me 
midterms
determine the widespread bilateral non homegenous density that seems to have started centrally and progressed peripherally associated with dyspnea and fatigue starting about 1 month ago in a smoker   uh refer for analysis
"\life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how i react to it \"""""
"clinic, tests, clinic, tests"
it's uncle <propfirst> now!
integrated diagnosis
1 down 14 to go! i love finals                  shoot me
what just happened? oh well down to about 9 more 
"9 finals down   6 more to go, i like it, i love it, i want some more     screw it"
booyah!
"i am far too forgetful, at times i hate it, and at times    i love it far too much "
birmingham bound this weekend!!!
motivation needs to pick up steam!
the 11th round of midterms is now up!
lets go falcons!!! i need something good to happen to salvage this weekend football debacle 
i'm going to eat leg of a rhinoceros when i get out of here today   i am starving! thank god this saturday (though i still have exams to study for) i don't have anything else to do! woohoo!
congratulations too my two close friends! you know i'm happy for the both of you!
i'm getting back on track   can somebody point me in the right direction?
have a happy thanksgiving everyone!
happy thanksgiving! things you must write down: (1) that which you are thankful for in life (2) goals in life that you have
is going to do a black out!
gotta a lil clang in my <propfemale> <propfirst>
finals    bring'em on!
thats right! i own research! another one bites the dust
   and another quarter down
signing up for national boards
new year and time to try new things
lets get it on!!! aparently on tuesday and not monday this week 
"life was nice and simple only 48 hours ago, now its back to crazy i see   oh boy"
screw it
"reset, regeared, renergized"
to mucht to do
"<propfemale>, oh <propfemale>, on my mind   i sing this song of <propfemale> on my mind "
"gal 6:9,10 - if i forget this most about business, there is no point to the rest of it "
i am zumba!
i got dat boom boom pow! just ask!
looking forward to the finish
board reviews   well it could be worst                         no
superbowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just don't want to even check this time
"lol! look at me   i'm the <propmale> of the new york  look at him   he's the <propmale> of new york   never gonna stop me, never gonna drop me, i'm the <propmale> of new york\"",2010-02-11 14 smile 3 surprise 6""",dabbbe8764b2db60d65fad7e4717a laugh e,lol! i was just in a a snowball fight!!
has only one thought on his mind   
to <propfirst> from <propfemale> on my mind to sweet home alabama  take care <propmale> 
"off to board review, quick break for class, then back to board review  ugh!"
has the most thoughtful girlfriend ever!
"ii, iii, & pt      bring 'em on!"
heading to beach with my sweetheart today!
had an awesome week! sadly might be the last one of these for a while  sad 
"hopped into the clinic, quick adj, then waiting to see what happens next "
gots the best girl in the world
having a great 2 month anniversary with my sweetheart!
board review   do i do anything else with my life?
has changed his facebook status
my lil niece got biggum cheeks and a lil red nose
my girl can cook! oh yeah!
"and another board down, another board down, another 2 parts to the board bite the dust!"
i have the most thoughtful wonderful girl in the world!
lol! my niece <propfemale> didn't know what to do with the fact that i had her toy in my mouth and was swinging it side to side  she cracks me up 
good bye boards!
hanging out! got to go on the boat this last weekend! back in the swing of things now!
going to the pool with my baby
holy crap! <propfirst> graduates on saturday!
"found myself reminiscing today on facebook (friends, good times, etc ) and realized its been a wonderful life "
rocked out on the boat today!
rebooted
big weekend in <propfemale> with my sweetheart!    someone hold my calls 
i'm on a boat!!!
<propfemale> la beach!
and i pass    enough said
rock on! rock on! rock on!!!! and happy 4th of july everyone!
i ain't gotta thing until i got my swing
<propfemale> is
week 4  hard to believe only 2 months out
bring on the week
i've gone <propfirst> textatorium
well its almost over   then once again it begins
its getting close
"she said \yes\"""""
can i get a bday holla!
so how lucky am i? leftover chicken <propmale> pasta and my transcript request form all deliverd by the most thoughtful woman in the world  the luckiest!
fireproof   money well spent
surreal
almost done   almost over
happy 7 months sweetheart!
home stretch
graduation   
dr  <propfirst> early
happy for <propfemale> going back to school! way to go baby!
what a weekend!
my hats off   congrats spurrier and gamecocks
"alright gca   lets get that license in, eh "
licensed chiropractor: chir008730!!!!!
paperwork   omg paperwork 
"another day, another form"
ncmic   i'm gonna make 'em an offer they cant refuse 
anyday now
i on the island mon!
early chiropractic wellness up and running
www medassoc com
200 days until june 26th!!!
200 days until the june 2une 25th
been a while since i've been on! how is everyone!
two days of shoveling snow   what happened? this is atlanta!
workin'   man am i workin
happy 1 year anniversary <propfemale>!
