0fc1e210458ebfe0310229f62c0a87cc
back at the crib!
i'm still trying to deinstitutionalize myself     man!
headed to go see my boy <propfirst> aldean      he learned everything from me btw      smile 
well i taught <propfirst> everything he knows     i'm proud of him  lol
but still nobody does like <propfirst> cash
i'll see you when i see you
homecoming party      i think it's gonna be a good day 
<propfirst> altman is pretty awesome        wink 
guess you really do find out who your friends are       -_-
sometimes you have to do whats best for your future     
freakin stalkers man    
i've got things to see and people to do      smile 
fmlyhm       i love the sound of when you come undone   smile 
"blue on black, tears on a river, push on a shove, it don't mean much, joker on <propfirst>, match in a fire, cold on ice, it's a dead man's touch "
"blind, oh now i see, truth, lies and in between, wrong, can't be undone, slipped from the tip of your tongue"
"it sure left its <propfirst> on us, we sure left our <propfirst> on it, let the world know we were here    with everything we did, laid a lot of memories down, like tattoos on this town "
i love you  i hate you  i can't live without you
at the sweaty <propfemale>'s house   she's got me stressin
new number 803-410-8517
bout to catch up on some gossip with <propfemale> and hit the sheets
"i am about to finally go to bed     goodnight facebook! by the way, did i mention it still feels great to be home?"
300 dollars worth of speakers just came in    holy crap this is going to fun
it aint easy loving me    
dude    im goin to sleep now  it feels so good to be in my own bed still! i love you <propfemale>!
"don't start thinking i'm gonna stop, giving it all i got, if you think you've seen love you ain't seen nothing yet "
eating duck with burnes tonight     and the sweaty <propfemale>  lol
burnes's house was fun tonight     gotta do it again sometime
up here cooking with my <propfemale>    good quality time together  lol
stressin!!!!!!
"people don't know about the things i say and do\they don't understand about the shit that i've been through\it's been so long since i've been home\i've been gone, i've been gone for way too long\maybe i forgot all things i miss\oh somehow i know there's more to life than this"
to everyone on facebook     ya'll suck! like seriosuly 
why do i always end up with hood rats man?
people tend to piss me off   but theres alwasy someone to make up for someone else's ignorance
"night falls and i'm alone   skin, chills me to the bone   you turned and you ran,    slipped right from my hand "
tonight was probably one of the best nights i've had since i've been home     pretty cool man 
hit the gym with <propfirst> today    sore as hell  enjoyed spending time with <propfemale> too! i love you <propfemale>! time for me to clock out  later!
had a nice quiet evening at home with my darling eating chinese and watching a g rated movie  i love you <propfemale>
like this if you think i'm a player! (hit the like button)
"hackin adams facebook cuz he didnt logg off \ playful "
"hackin adams facebook cuz he didnt logg off \ playful "
"i woke up early this morning around 4 a m  with <propfemale> shining bright as head lights on the interstate  i pulled the covers over my head and tried to catch some sleep, but thoughts of me kept keeping me awake "
my horse doesn't have balls anymore     poor guy 
i have already gone through hell     there aint but so much the world can throw at me now  so bring it on!!
"the travelling, the singing, it don’t mean nothing without you\the fast cars, the guitars, they are all just second to,\this life, this love that you and i have been dreaming of, for so long\it’d all be as good as gone, without you "
so today my brother asked me if i wanted to sit around and eat cheetoes and talk about the mighty duck movies     i had no idea that i was really going to do that tonight  thanks <propfirst>!
papa <propmale>'s hot wings are killing my stomach right now      starting to wonder if they were worth eating??  sad 
hittin the hay  had a good day  i love you <propfemale> 
applying to florence-darlington tech    
bout to jam to the beatles and go to sleep!
"i ain't got nothing but love girl, eight days a week!!- <propfirst> lennon  i love you <propfemale>!"
"and when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me,\shine until tomorrow, let it be \i wake up to the sound of music, mother <propfirst> comes to me,\speaking words of wisdom, let it be "
looking for a fishing partner tomorrow morning    
lets all protest gay marriage  god made <propfirst> and <propfemale>     not <propfirst> and <propmale>  and for all of you who are wondering    no gays are not accepted into heaven like they are disneyworld!!!
"constant over stimulation numbs me,but i would not want you any other way,it's not enough,i need more,nothing seems to satisfy,i don't want it,i just need it,to breathe, to feel, to know i'm alive"
<propfirst> links beef jerkey presents     fishing with <propfemale>!
i wanna take the time to thank everyone who is really supporting my music at this time and pulling the strings to get me somewhere  thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst> especially 
"<propfemale>, i love you "
homosexuals don't go to heaven      
going to eat tacos with <propfemale>     and btw     i guess some homosexuals do go to heaven 
bout to head off to bed  i love you <propfemale>!
looking back     i've did some pretty stupid things 
gotta get up for the lake in 3 hours    oh boy     going to bed
"let me love you on a backroad  let's make a wreckless memory  there ain't a house within ten <propmale> of here, no  so nobody's gonna see  take your seatbelt off and climb on over here girl, leave the driving up to me "
dudez      im going to bed
woke up to the sound of <propfirst>'s voice again this morning  so it looks like i'm not sleeping in
going fishing     anyone wanna come?
"i choose death befire dishonor, i'd rather die than live down on my knees "
sittin here sharing jail stories with dj  lmfao 
and i'm sitting here stressin on life right now       then i stop to think    maybe you aren't even worth the worry anymore  to hell with my pride and everything else  i'm living hard and trusting noone 
caught a monster at the pond with <propmale> today  puts me in a good mood  pics will be up soon 
"if i hadn't been so stubborn, been so selfish, thought about her more, thought about me less    "
i just got back from hell and i'm standing here alive  i know it's really hard to tell  don't know how i survived  but i can't say that i'm doin' grea t but i think i'm doin' well  that devil's gonna have to wait    cause i just got back from hell
dj smells like bacon 
ohhh i'm bout to get into my room pick up that guitar and write while i got something in my head  <propfemale> i had a great time tonight i love you!
"ugly stik: $45, <propfirst> boat: $1050, a day at the lake with my brother: priceless!"
"so i think i'm gonna stick to my 11 surprise 0 curfew i set for myself       cuz i go out a little later one night, and my <propmale> likes to not drive with lights on so we get stopped  that's a good enough sign for me to stay in the house     for good "
i've got a new song posted on my <propfemale> !!!!!!!
"maybe i'm amazed at the way you love me all the time, or maybe i'm afraid of the way i love you   "
he's my best friend thats never gonna change if he was doing the things i've did then i'd help him do the same  he's got my back through thick and thin  can't wait for friday night so we can do it all again 
go to my profile to hear my new song with <propfirst> hopkins!
its been a hard days night 
so i'm boring now? well maybe it's because i had no choice but to grow up    
chillin at home  nothing to do 
doing a whole lot of thinking      
hold that hatchet high! cuz you're gonna need it when theres fire in the sky!
man i dont care  imma do me! and just me 
s o l  (stressin on life)
everyday is spring break to me      hahaha
who wouldn't wanna be me?
who wouldn't wanna be me?
"i am a ninja, i have no fear, i do not fear the unknown  for i embrace the wonders of the world around me and teh differences in others  i shall meet adversity head on for i am a survivor  nothing can stop my shine!"
i ain't never gonna change     it's just who i am
i have to crack jokes all the time     it helps me to not deal with reality straight forward  it's my way of life  deal with it people 
been with my sweaty <propfemale> for a year today      well    sorta  lol
ok second time ive went through a turbeville road block and both times they ask me to pull over and step out the car  and neither time have they found anything 
a bad day of fishing beats a good day of anything else 
father forgive them for they know not what they do 
i went to church today so everyone leave me alone!
cuttin grass yo!
"old man take a look at my life, i'm a lot like you "
i think i'm gonna go get a degree in criminal justice
"i ain't never had no easy life, what i have become didn't come from thinking twice  i put that on everything, and everyone  i was born to fill the prophecy, the son of the second son "
bass master!
grizzly mint longcut    mmmmmmm 
grizzly mint longcut    mmmmmmm 
i aint stressin no more!! i finally got power back!
woke up this morning praying     i just knew jesus was coming back 
tried to make a video of my killer guitar solo but a huge gash in my finger kinda screwed it up  sorry ya'll!
woke up a little late this morning  gotta find something to do today 
frying some bacon    
bed!
headed to olanta to cut down some trees       not my idea of fun  but i'm gonna do it regardless 
"in all reality, i can't please everyone "
"i'm in one of those moods where i hate you    please, just don't bother me "
"i keep thinking that it's good and all over now, you keep on thinking you can save  my ship is sinking but it's all good and i can go down, you got me thinking that the party's all over"
"so <propfemale> asked me to run to the store and get peanut butter, bread, and bananas  i come back with bread and peanut butter  he yells at me  c'mon <propfemale>  2 out of 3 ain't bad "
ready to get out of here and not look back    
this might be the heartache that don't stop hurting    
man i love the way grizzly mint taste    
i love makin' music you can make love to   smile 
my g f won't answer the phone or reply back to texts     great  wonder what i did this time 
"at home, bored, nothing to do  i miss my sweaty <propfemale>    "
today was a pretty lonesome day    
i go to get gas for the lawnmower only to realize i left the jug at home     had somethin better on my mind i guess 
found my peavey dynamic microphone in the toolbox      o§o?
"some people push me, but don't realize that i don't have to hit them to make things ok    "
i'm hungry    gotta go munch on some grindage 
justice will be served to you my old friend     justice will be served 
all i have to do now is wait and watch     and enjoy the outcome  people are stupid     and justice for all 
"'cause i love the long-shots,\and the left-out lost causes \hangin' out in the back of the pack,\with the dark horses \i ride the wrong road,\just as fast as i can \god knows there's no one else to blame \sometimes, i think i get off on the pain "
"i don't know why i love women, they love to do me wrong  i don't know why my life sounds like a heart-broke country song  i ain't really happy,\until the sky starts driving rain  maybe, i just get off on the pain "
headed to work in a little while  i love you <propfemale>
i didn't do it!
"seems like troubles my best friend as soon as i get out i'm back in again, it's a wonder i ain't all alone, cuz it ain't easy loving me"
lookin back now     i don't regret anything  if i could do it again i'd do it the same 
ridin bikes with <propfirst> and that welch boy 
my bike broke so im riding on erics handlebars   smile 
bout to head to work    later foolz!
fishin with mr gerald   playful 
friday night is gonna be bull      the welch boy has already bailed on me and <propfirst> to go see a fat chick  poker aint fun with 2 people  anybody up for a poker night???
friday night is gonna be bull      the welch boy has already bailed on me and <propfirst> to go see a fat chick  poker aint fun with 2 people  anybody up for a poker night???
<propmale> just went all in with 8 pennies and a pencil   playful 
poker update  <propmale> just bet a condom after losing 8 pennies and a pencil
i love you <propfemale>  so much!!
crackwhores man??? why do they get so mad and try to have me killed when i don't want them??
headed to pamplico to go raiw
headed to pamplico to go raise some hell with <propmale> <propmale>  yeehaw!
i just rode a donkey
"rode a donkey, almost managed to kill myself on the dirtbike, come home soakin wet, and i still had pretty good time  thanks <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> <propmale> <propmale>   playful "
she's built like a man and talks like a dude     ok  who am i talking about??  smile  guess right and i'll tell you something about you!
now when you hear that demon knockin at your door you just tell him you dont want his kind round here no more  you gotta kick him in the teeth and do what i did
i cry when angels deserve to die     
fells good to be me 
it ain't no good even trying  why even bother  i get lied to no matter who i turn to 
i look at the world and i notice it's still turning while my guitar gently weeps 
so let loose those tears darling  cuz i'll turn my back 
i've learned to never underestimate the impossible 
you think you have the best of intentions  i cannot shake the taste of blood in my mouth   smile 
lonesome night  preparing for a long lonesome weekend   
headed out  nowhere to go but i'll find something i'm sure 
change of plans     im back to sqaure one    
change of plans    back to square one    
headed to the fields to plant    woohoo  oh joy!
farming is boring as hell    
so we post the hatchet do or die now juggalos standing tall after all six have risen  the end of time will consume us all
i been caught sideways out here on the crossroads  trying to buy back pieces i lost of my soul  its hard when the devil wont get off your back 
im so tired i can't sleep 
so i never made it far enough to go to prom    who wants to take me to prom next year? lol 
looks like macho man <propfirst> savage was the only one not left behind     dang 
"i been caught sideways, out here on the crossroads, trying to buy back pieces i lost of my soul    it's hard when the devil won't get off your back, it's like carryin round the past in a hundred pound sack "
at work and theres a huge <propfirst> in my way   
"jammin to some \in yo face\"" at 1:11am """
it's like trying to put smoke back in this ciggarette
i've been told i'm going to rot inside the devils intestines     i'm still her holding my spot 
     nigger
"sittin' here alone i'm lookin' back on where i've roamed\and laughing how i swore i'd win and not get burned"
goin to bed    
"i had a good \sweaty <propfemale> sunday\""  wink """
last night    
so     what can i do right for once???
im just shootin the bull in this ole' cow town    
its enough to male man throw up  sure is hard to figure  how any decent girl would screw a greasy nigger 
shit!!!
fishin with <propfirst>  piss!!!
ahh shit <propfirst> just blew a tire on the boat trailer    
still stressin under the bridge but im having fun   playful 
some day i'm finally gonna let go cuz i know theres a better way 
my phone is screwed  this has been a horrible day 
thanks to everyone for helping me get this far  its time to get out of here now 
stupid fags    
-§-        
i hate you <propfemale>!
work     stressin on life!!
"i look at you all, see the love pervert sleeping, while my guitar gently weeps "
"i will only complicate you, trust in me and fall as well "
helter skelter!
"skeletons and ghosts are hiding in the shadows, threatening me with all the things that they know  choices and mistakes, they all know my name "
"\outlaw\"" has just been completed  pretty sure the recording will be up soon """
"i can't say that i'm doing great but i think i'm doing well, tell the world that i'm alive and i just got back from hell"
for sale! grizzly wintergreen can signed by burnes yarborough! 300 or best offer 
thank god theres girls like you for guys like me 
i feel like crap   sad 
"and the thunder rolls, and the lightning strikes  another love grows cold, on a sleepless night  and the storm rolls on out of control "
we are going to omaha baby!!!
i just screwed up my moms washing machine     
so my gf thinks i'm seeing someone else    wow??
my life sucks right now     what else can go wrong?
"today, i am devotong my time to one of my two loves  songwriting "
i'm finding myself 
looks like im playin rugby today 
i think i love rugby as much as <propfemale>   love 
"there will be an answer, let it be!"
c'mon and bring it on!! say what you want and do what you please    but i bet my soul that you can't step up to me you faggots!
i just scored and it didnt involve sex!
"well, i just got back from hell,\and i guess to tell the truth\well, i've been mad at everyone, including god and you\when you can't find no one to blame you just blame yourself\and i know i'll never be the same\i just got back from hell"
horse manure!!!!
horse manure!
"well you do what you do and you pay for your sins and theres no such thing as what might have been  thats a waste of time, drive you outta your mind "
bowling with the dudez    she got me stressin 
me <propfirst> and <propfirst> were the first ever customers for unlimited bowling night!
"nothing to do today, so i guess i'm doing me! cuz i'm not getting yelled at again "
i have visitors!
i cant catch a break 
more ace combat   love 
nag nag nag nag nag!
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using four words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good egg and play along  (4 words is harder than you think)  laugh "
my sweaty <propfemale>  love 
my house 
too much crap goin on today  busy busy busy busy!
"oh boy, i already screwed up again "
i think my heart is on the verge of e playful losing   annoyed 
all you random fat chicks that keep iming me       please    could you just stop? i never reply  do you not get that i don't want to talk to you???
olanta bound 
me and burnes are writing something new 
i've finally reached the breaking point      i just gave up on everything
"my wish for you is that this life becomes all you want it to, your dreams stay big your worries stay small  you never have to <propfemale> more than you can hold and while you're out there getting where you're gettin to, i hope you know somebody loves you  and wants the same thing to  yeah this is my wish "
i hurt myself today  to see if i still feel 
"and you could have it all, my empire of dirt  i will let you down, i will make you hurt "
go get get'em <propfemale>! i love you <propfemale> 
im digging my <propfirst> roth goatee right now   smile 
wingo and his yard cocks!
there's roth and there <propfirst> and old matty price  when he comes in the game just turn out the lights  so thank you coach <propmale> for building us a winner 
happy birthday <propfirst>! mcl ninja!
sure  lol  ya really think?
with my sweaty <propfemale> waiting on food!
i need something to do today!
hangin round with burnes today 
i just shut my niece in the dog crate after she crawled in there  now she's crying and i cant stop laughing  lol
guess im a selfish prick 
"we're gonna do what lovers do  we're gonna have a fight or two  but i ain't ever changing my mind  crazy girl, don't you know that i love you? i wouldn't dream of going nowhere  silly woman come here let me hold you  have i told you lately i love you like crazy, girl?"
due to all the controversey of my last song i posted and to alot of peoples disappointment in me i will be deleting it shortly  so get one last view before i do
today is not a good day already 
"i've never changed, never will  i'm so afraid of the way i feel "
taking a random ride to wal-mart in this weather 
"god is great, the beer is good, and people are crazy "
aviation in the navy? im thinkin maybe 
why am i so sleepy??
game canceled so im stressin tonight  piss 
my niece keeps calling me papa! lol
my mom cooked me blueberry pancakes     is the world ending or something?
how many of you ugly girlz wanna give me a full bodt massage tonight?  wink 
"no matter how hard you try, your best is never good enough   "
"im just drunk enough to let go of my pain, to hell with my pride, let it fall like rain from my eyes  tonight i wanna cry "
how do i get stuck babysitting?
today has already started off bad 
"i said it too many times, and i still stand firm  you get what you put in, and people get what they deserve "
white trash
i'm a musician not a damn role model 
she's my kinda rain 
"piss, <propfirst> has to stop by for a surprise visit      playful "
what the hell did i do last night? that's the story of my life  like trying to remember the lyrics to a song nobody wrote 
<propmale> <propfirst> is gay 
<propmale> farack obama!!
"worried, paranoid and pacing around the house "
cling to the father and his and his holy name and dont go ridin on that long black train 
last night     i told the devil where to go  you know heavens got my soul  ain't gonna listen to his lies nomore  because last night i told the devil where to go 
ahh balls!!!!
i dont know why you gotta be angry all the time 
i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> person 
job job job  you need a job!
early rise in the morning  i love you <propfemale> 
at least there's not a line to wait on here yet   annoyed 
ahh crap this is bad news     
ahh damn i got the shakies! idc who knows now!!! this sucks 
ok i'm good   smile  happy anniversary <propfemale>!
i'm humming on that lonesome song again    
it makes me wonder    
"it's a southbound train, it's a whistle in the wind, there's no one there to sing to in the end, i'm humming on that lonesome song again "
"dear <propfirst> and <propfirst>, im sorry i got us kicked out the bowling alley last night "
<propfemale> love hewitt is the hottest woman ever  oh god she's nice  i want her!
i live to love you 
another good sweaty <propfemale> sunday 
2 a m  exhausted but i can't sleep  this is getting old  piss     
"i've won time and time again  now i can finally say, i've lost this time  i've really lost "
why? why? why?
"everybody come sing along, to this sad ukelele song   haha burnes yarborough"
it's nice to know that some people turned into dope heads while i was away and were willing to spread their legs just so a guy would give them marijuana      
"here ya go people, like for a truth is!"
i just looked at the warped tour lineup!! omg i'm so excited that noone good at all!! is playing there  once again i'm not missing a thing!! warped tour is for retards -_-
ahh screw it 
i love you <propfemale> 
my mom and dad are slow dude 
a bad day of fishing beats a good day of anything else 
i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> person!
dilligaf????
"we all gonna die, but i'm not gonna fry\even though most never try\i'm not gonna let this pass me bye, no"
so just because ive kissed the prettiest girls and i drive my car too fast  why does everybody want to kick my ass?
he can't even run his own life i'll be damned if he runs mine 
( y ) <------ =  smile 
"you pipe smokin, sack chasin hoe!"
i'm still in a bad mood today  so don't bother me people 
just a horrible dream people  forgive me 
i have no respect for someone who has no respecr for themselves 
"i got my \heres your sign award\"" from burnes today   annoyed """
only me and burnes laugh at a guy riding a moped in a downpour   laugh 
it's been a hard days night 
haha dont pick on puddin 
i love you so much <propfemale>  smile 
"i don't know why i act the way i do, like i ain't got a single thing to lose, sometimes i'm my own worst enemy  i guess that's just the cowboy in me  i gotta life that most would love to have  but sometimes i still wake up fighting mad  and where this road i'm headed down might lead  i guess that's just the cowboy in me "
don't you dare tell me that my southern ways are wrong  cuz i'll be damned if i'm gonna change  outlaw attitude  strong will  and blessed by the grace of god 
best day of hangin round with just me and dock  feeling alright  life is good  i love you <propfemale> 
you never changed  never will 
"sides have been chosen  civil war has busted open  once again, im not you friend  i'm the one who makes this end "
"this is not some cry for help, it's good-bye wish you well  because i love you      i'm gonna kill myself "
im hummin on that lonesome song again 
you get what you put in and people get what they deserve 
"tell her i'm in baton rouge louisiana selling cars 5 days a week, tell her i'm in mobile alabama, getting back on my feet, tell her that i'm happy and i've moved on looking better than you've ever seen, just don't tell her that you saw me drowning in this bottle trying to make her disappear, tell her i'm anywhere, anywhere but here    "
i'm bored sitting at the house with nothing to do and no one to talk to  pretty lonesome   sad 
ok people  i've never posted a cover song  so ya'll give me a song to cover and i will post the video as soon as possible  i'll pick the best choice  so go ahead!
someday somehow i'm gonna make it alright but not right now  i know you're wondering when 
been up for 36 hours      time to get some sleep 
"today, i'm doing me "
whatever 
lets see how long 
"yes people, marijuana will make you go crazy and make you rape your family members "
"go to your profile  look to the left  first 7 friends are your zombie apocalypse team \\sidekick: <propfirst> person\heavy weapons: zach strickland\the idiot that survives: <propfirst> flowers\the sniper: peejay rawdogg truesdale\the one that loses it: burnes yarborough\the brains: <propfemale> krantz\first to die: <propfirst> womack"
i need to visit my <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> 
on the 7th day god gave man the remington bolt action rifle to fight the dinosaurs and the homosexuals 
all ya'll are stressin  every day is summer vacation to me   smile 
well thank you! i just try to develop my own style  i'll keep you updated on new music 
"good luck and godspeed to burnes yarborough  i know i should be a senior with you this year but i had to go \graduate\"" a little early  but i'll still live the senior life with you this year <propmale>!"""
"i love <propfemale>, burnes, and god!"
computer trouble?? problems? malware? spyware? registry errors? just call darry mouzon  or get in contact with me and i will put you through to him  great rates and great service!
he’s not stupid; he’s possessed by a retarded ghost 
and i want to rip his heart out just for hurting you and i want to break his mind down  yes i do 
ahhh piss!!!!
"you no good pipe smokin, sack chasin, worn out, raggedy, beat up, smurf faced whore!!"
"you are the kind of person who, when one first meets you, one doesn’t like you  but when one gets to know you better, one hates you "
unruly horses   
degrassi should be banned simply because it promotes interacial dating 
"also, degrassi promotes drug abuse  someone argue on that    "
so who else has jungle fever?
you know what i hate? pro-life arguments and the people who try to support them!!
"the more i hear about the north, the more i wonder how we lost the war    "
putting up flyers for corner computer service!
to hell with all you people who poke your noses where they don't belong  you're only hurting yourself by pissing me off 
i refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent 
anyone who told you to be yourself couldn’t have given you worse advice 
"the internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are fbi agents "
as wicked as you are you're beautiful to me 
"later in the evening as you like awake in bed, with the echoes of the amplifiers riniging in your head, smoke the days last cigarette remembering what she said "
"i do what i do, i pray when i can, it's just a simple man i am ya'll  i'm an outllaw "
"what have i become? my sweetest friend  everyone i know goes away in the end  and you could have it all  my empire of dirt  i well let you down  i will make you hurt  if i could start again, a million <propmale> away  i would keep myself  i would find a way "
who wants to <propfemale> out with ole' <propfirst> today? he is pretty bored 
mcl to my boy <propfirst>!
there is a song waiting to be heard inside of us all 
chugga chugga chug chugga chugga chug chug chug chug! this is how i describe rhythms for metal music   smile 
"when i see you in the sun, you're as pretty as a swastika "
"if you wanna get down, down on the ground    cocaine "
country 
come see me play live at brewtime in coward this saturday!! ask me for more details 
well ya'll i'm about to go strangle myself in my sheets 
2001 was by far the best year of music  ever!
playing long branch tonight with <propfirst> <propfirst> filyaw  come see us 
who's coming out to see me and <propfirst> <propfirst> filyaw at long branch tonight? and lets not forget ole' <propmale> owens cricket doinghis thing tonight too 
where is my pizza dominoes? i ordered an hour ago!!
going to take a nice long nap  i love you <propfemale> 
i feel sick to my stomach   
sittin in the car    i hate people 
"you dont screw me over but once  i promise  after that, youre on my bad side  and thats a pretty bad place to be sir  forgive me lord but i'm not takin bullshit"
sometimes its best to pay attention to those warning signs before you take your chances  some lessons are learned the hard way 
i hope lil <propmale> dies in a carbomb     
i need something to do 
writing my first piano song  yay me 
i'm ready for <propfemale> to get home 
my mother in law fixes me coffee  she's such a sweet lady   smile 
i feel like passing out 
i would love for my lovely girlfriend to eat steak and watch the ballgame with me tonight but she has to watch disney movies all day  im depressed   sad 
<propfemale> <propfemale> person you were so good to me today  i love you 
damn    i'm legal 
thanks everyone for  the six pages of happy birthday's that i got! it's been an okay day  once again  thanks
no more probation! im a free man as of 10 <propfemale> ago! hell yea!
<propfirst> hopkins is stressing today!!! hahaha
"lord take me back to when the country was strong, nobody locked the doors when they felt safe at home, and every sunday morning the preacher taught us right from wrong  when a make works hard to keep his family fed, nobody touched the plate till the blessing was said and school never started till morning scriptures were read, and the kids were still safe when they went outside to play, oh lord take me back to yesterday "
"lord take me back to when the country was strong, nobody locked the doors when they felt safe at home, and every sunday morning the preacher taught us right from wrong  when a man works hard to keep his family fed, nobody touched the plate till the blessing was said and school never started till morning scriptures were read, and the kids were still safe when they went outside to play, oh lord take me back to yesterday "
old man take a look at my life  i'm a lot like you 
i realize that some people aren't fortunate enough to enjoy a few hours of peace and quiet each day 
"i live this life everyday, i make my share of mistakes and every lesson i've learned i've learned the hard way  i do the best that i can, and i hope you understand, afterall, i'm just a man "
how can you ever get tired of shootin the bull in an ole' cow town?
listening to lumberjack music 
"i would love to see my baby, maybe go for a drive, but i gotta play the <propfemale> in some little town again tonight "
i have developed a new fear: alcohol 
"im pretty sure if i shoot, im going to fall out of this stand    "
"what i've felt, what i've known, so sick and tired i stand alone  could you be there? cuz i'm the one who waits for you, or are you unforgiven too?"
i need something to do 
to most of my ex-girlfriends: whores!!! hahahahahahahahahaha
who wants to ride with me to <propfemale> today??
did ya hear they freed the niggas!?!?
clean shave and i can finally see with my contacts   smile 
why don't they teach sex <propmale> and driver <propmale> at clemson in the same day?
"how come we don't even talk nomore, when you don't even call nomore, we don't barely keep in touch at all  and i dont even feel the same love when we hug nomore and i heard it through the grapevine we even beefin now after all the years we been down aint no way no how  this bullshit can't be true  we're family  ain't a damn thing changed, unless its you "
can't sleep! just like every other night!
well i'm off to go attempt to strangle myself in my sheets  later people 
something aint right    
been a while since i sat on this road 
i get the suspicions  even though i know that you love me baby and i really shouldnt feel this way 
<propfirst> hopkins finally quit being a douche bag   playful 
looks like im staying at home with my family this weekend 
beat vandy!
enjoyed watching usc beat vandy even though it was ugly  lol  but i had a a good night with my family and my woman  just read 4 chapters in my book and headed to bed  i love you <propfemale> 
i wanna kill something today  maybe dock <propfirst> can help me out on that  haha
i'm bored  people send me <propfirst>  i send out replies  got it? i have a feeling i'm going to hurt some feelings tonight 
62: you and your sister are my buddies  ya'll make me feel good cuz i actually entertain yall with my stupid jokes  lol
691: it's been forever since i think i've even saw you  but i do remember harassing you in mr  sweats class  lol
"2: i miss my <propmale> sometimes  i'm also really glad that your first impression of me didnt stick  cuz we both know that was horrible  i do miss seeingou and playing fusbol with you, <propfirst> and <propfirst>  lol"
246: where have you been? runnin round getting engaged and stuff? haha  i miss laughing at the stupid things you say and watching you pass out after giving blood  lol
1234: you are one of the only females i know that dips  which automatically makes you cool!!!
i just wasted a galloin of gas 
"don't worry mama, i'm gonna be a simple man till i die "
next person to piss me off is gonna get a hot <propfirst> to the face 
i am in stress mode!!!
i miss my darlin'     
"3 a m  police at my door  already gotta smack some more  stuck my hand out through the mail shoot, and bitch slapped sarge and his first recruit "
<propfirst> simmons will always be cool  but never as cool as he thinks he is 
"you can bribe the devil, you can pray to god, you can sell off everything you've got but you still wont know what im lookin for "
everyone pray that i dont miss another deer tonight  haha
squirrels gone wild!!!
"i've got to run to keep from hiding, and i'm bound to keep on riding  i've got one more silver dollar  but i'm not gonna let them catch me no, i'm not gonna let them catch the midnight rider "
i woke up this morning with this feeling inside me that i cant e playful lain  like the weight that i carried has been carried away  feels like today 
you'll find out who is your friend whenever he finally starts getting laid and then turns into a real asshole 
"news flash: to majority of you girls who say you are gonna be super models; sorry girl, it ain't gonna happen  just being honest "
getting up at 5 to kill a big one   wink 
like my status if you think <propmale> price is a retard!!!
beat kensuckey!!!
what a blowout!!! go <propfemale>! coming back home to see my woman 
i don't care   
"i hate the word \cuddle\"" its sounds homo """
"when i said we, you know i meant me  and when i said sweet i meant dirty "
"i take things for granite sometimes, i can be rude when i am angry, i can get my ass on my shoulders and prefer to be left lone for days  but in the end, i always love you "
this feels like a vacation  i like it 
that was a long game boys! way to go cardinals! won the national league championship now time to move on into the world series and win it too!
what has the world come to? some women need to be shot for degrading themselves like some do  there are just certain things that are just nasty and should be forbidden by law 
"but it's not so bad, you're only the best i ever had "
headed to olanta   
i feel like crap    
"i live this life everyday, i make my share of mistakes and every lesson i've learned i've learned the hard way  i do the best that i can and i hope you understand  after all, i'm just a man "
gone huntin 
so just to let everybody know     i whipped <propfirst> hopkins ass today and he's a bloody wreck in the emergency room 
forgive us for our tresspasses as we forgive those who tresspass against us 
i got <propmale> fever!
i don't want missouri in the sec      annoyed 
money is for nothing and the chicks for free!!
flashbacks     im about to flip 
piss  im  pissed  pissssssss 
where in the hell is the nutcracker?
"i'm not a junkie, and if you can't believe in me, then that's more power to me "
who knows what a fupa is?
this town has closed down way to early and there's nothing to do 
sorry <propfirst> feagin singleton for keepin you up all night   smile 
lets go cardinals! lets take this world series!
new york bound  go cardinals! sorry im missing the game  love you <propfemale>  be back soon darlin 
way to go st  <propfirst>! now i just need <propfemale> to win the sec east 
just made it to new york  this is one helluva ride son 
the gps just took us up a dang mountain   
6 surprise 0 and still 100 <propmale> from home   
