47c35e553b27f25f23335cf0ee45284e
my internet is down so this is a brief message to say hey to everyone! hey!
i need my internet back!
am i getting old if my dr  tells me i have bursitis?
hmm      looks like we are in for a week of pb and j and <propmale> and cheese
i have become a super poke pet addict  please tell me there are treatment facilities for this!
<propfirst> wolf
car dealers are related to the borg        resistance is futile 
i love my new honda fit!
i need help i am unable to unmeld myself from the keyboard and superpoke pets!
i am so lazy
wow! thanks for the hearts  now where should i put them?
i am so excited about going to charlston to the coastal county fair this weekend with my sister and her family! yippy!  funnel cakes here i come 
"banks are evil  i am keeping my money under the mattress  oops, did i say that out loud?"
well we are still going to charleston but not the fair  one outta 2 aint bad!
"what's on your mind?let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god  we need to get god back in our lives  if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status; i just did!"
cooking the turkey looms large
spp is miserably slow and getting worse for me  i am trying to play with everyone but it keeps freezing 
spp is soooooo0 slow
i have no christmas spirit
bah humbug!
if anyone from st giles even cares just thought i would say hello to all 
one by one the kittehs are stealing my sanity
my boy <propmale> is back in mental health for holidays  i am hurting so much 
<propfemale> christmas!
slide better stop updating before the new petshop items come out or else!
attention all super poke pet friends  i am so sorry i have not played regularly  my son <propmale> is still in pediatric psychiatric <propmale> so i am very overwelmed not mention it takes a year to get thru my friend list beacause of crashes  thanks for your <propfemale>!
would you eat the <propfemale> if it were made of spare ribs?
finally on the mend! now that is the way to start off the new year  love to all this new year  may 2011 be a year of blessings to everyone!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  i got a whopping migraine for my birthday which is still lingering and a bank error!
snow
to all my brothers and sisters at st  giles i love you and miss you
spp players unite! white out on 01 12 10! no play from noon till midnight and put up in an empty winter habbie with a black ribbon to display your support for change in spp 
bam!
size 5  sad 
i can't stop sleeping 
how hard can it be for <propmale> to sleep in his bed? it is much more comfortable than the floor!
my internet is down so i really am not ignoring you!
apparently mixing rotel tomatoes and velveeta does make a tasty nacho cheese sauce 
i can not wait for warm weather  i am powered by the sun you know 
"on briefly, still no net  may god smile upon me and one day again bestow the wonder that is the world wide web  <propfemale> hill you are my idol!"
<propmale> has informed me that he wants to go fishing  looks like i better pull out the tackle 
enjoyed the hail storm  <propmale> panicked and bit conway on the arm  <propfirst> <propfirst> was screaming where's the tornado!
"warm weather, yeah!"
my blue egg is not cracking
<propmale> wants me too make boiled shrimp and hush puppies this coming week for dinner!
god is so darn awesome
i love you abba!
lord see the cry of my heart and hear my prayer  lord <propmale> me the serenity to change the things i can and the wisdom to know the difference 
i have lost 10 pounds  i am so happy
i was on the internet with <propmale> looking at toys from the 70's showing him the dressy bessy mom played with when she was little and he informed me that toys from the 70's are a bit scary looking!
internet hog and proud of it!
<propmale> wants me to hit him right now  he says its clear that i hate him  another typical day with childhood mental illness
the pool is open  i will never hear the end of it from <propmale> now! i better buy lots of sun block!
just enjoyed some old fire marshal <propmale> skits!
if i said my hair was on fire would anyone care?
i can not believe i am threatening to ignite my hair in flames and no one seems to care but my husband and maybe <propfirst>  something tells me <propfirst> has more of a morbid curiosity 
"ok, i have put the matches up  gee!"
"my bedroom is turning into an annex of the comic book store  what's next, <propmale> <propfirst> in the corner?"
"great day today at the pool and then a cookout on our new grill  we got our first large gas grill  <propfirst> calls it his big boy grill! i should have taken a picture of him out there all proud, turning burgers "
so lazy and sluggish today           must move          
what an enjoyable pm! went to the farmers market  took <propfirst> jr to blacksheep skate shop for his first pair of skate sneakers and a new grip for his board and then drove over to the public skateboard park  we were informed we would have to sign and notarize a death and injury waver for him to skate there! i am rethinking this now!!!
so much for swimming at the pool and a cookout today 
slip sliding away          
"evil, evil psoriatic arthritis  my back just gave out  the pain!"
is feeling good!
i have now lost a total of 15 pounds!!!!!!!!!
"well, for my summer fun i get too start injecting myself with enbrel  the perks of psoriatic arthritis! don't you wish you had it!"
schools out now what?
spent the day at the pool today  <propmale> only lasted an hour  hollar if you want to come swimming!
my fish world keeps crashing  sad 
cleaned my whole bedroom today  life is good 
well looks like we are not going to dc this summer and i am very sad  i just hope we can make it at all  i need to win the lottery!
just took an evening dip in the pool to drowned my sorrows  i don't understand  they are still there 
calling all sppers i need playdayes for this quest please  i just played with everybody 
i am enjoying the sound life happening all around me as i sit on my bed 
just treated the cats with frontline  we knew it was time when we started finding flea crop circles on our skin  could they be mystic fleas sending messages  <propfirst> <propfirst> had a perfect triangle on his foot 
"what a great day today  we supported our local at the farmers market and then had a blast at conway and <propfemale>'s birthday party  nothing like a nice and easy \saturday "
enjoying peace and quiet  <propmale> is at his <propfemale> & popetes house  thank you mother 
clean kids room top to bottom and their closet today  it has been a red letter day!
today is my first born son's birthday  i treasure this day because i was told i may never have kids and i almost died to have him but god knew better  now i get to celebrate <propfirst> morgans 15th birthday  happy birthday my boy  i adore you so passionately 
"some young know it all at the pool tried to tell me how to deal with my special needs child w pdd nos who was having a melt down  how do you say was she able to think she could do this? her answer       i am a nanny! well to the young know it all nanny in the bikini at the pool, you haven't got a clue till you walk a mile in my shoes "
had an awesome weekend except for the nanny! conway we miss you already and glad you came to stay for the weekend  so much for the babaganoosh!
3 more pounds lost! a total of 20 now! all thru good eating and common sense! also swimming a lot of laps!
i just want a brownie! is it that hard to do?
"it has come to my attention, thru another friends joining a porno group resulting in a picture on my wall of 2 women in a shall we say compromising position, that facebook allows pornography  i feel very violated  oh great my 15 year old son has an account on here  i need to take action!"
i love hash browns
cake is good too
i am off to swim my laps now 
"my favorite quote of the day from <propmale> at the store as he was getting out of sorts toward the end of our shopping,\lets leave these suckers \"""""
another great weekend  keep em commin'
why am i up at 5 am ready to start my day?
i just enjoyed the most satisfying walk by myself in my one of my favorite places  i like me!
i have run out of mafia wars friend requests! sorry!
i am obsessed with my mafia!
i am out of mafia friend requests
where are my profile boxes?
hmm! 29 member's for calebs cause and i have 294 friends  what is wrong with this picture?
"at midnight last night our boy <propmale> was rushed into the mental health hospital and is waiting for a bed  intensive home therapy has been pushing him to go farther with his coping skills but <propmale> had to eventually come to the end of what he can truly handle  yesterday was that day  <propmale> himself came to me and said \i am losing my grasp \"""""
pt2----after 2 weeks of downward spiral he was just too suicidal and overloaded with inner turmoil  a child can only cry so much before he is worn out  autism and mental illness had their way  he may not be coming home this time  therapeutic <propmale> home is the next step  our pain is unimaginable but we have to keep on going one day one minute at a time 
sorry to reprint the cause bulletin but i want nonmembers to get the update too 
"<propfirst> reynolds as deadpool, awesome!"
our precious little boy had to spend the night at cmc for lithium poisoning and now has been made a <propmale> of the state and shipped to greensboro nc to a mental health center there 
"<propmale> looked good, all things considered, during our visit  he cried when we left   sad \we are staying in a wonderful old bed and breakfast  very peaceful "
2 1 2 more hours and i get to see my boy again!!!!!!!!!
back home and broke!
mafia wars energy refill rates stink!
i am so lazy that my hair looks like a birds nest today!
<propmale> is home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"went to by <propmale> school shoes today  his choice, a pair of black converse high tops "
snoochie boochies!
must beat the feds!
thought for the day-----there's about a tenth of a gram of poop in the average pair of underwear
somebody please tell me there is more to life than this 
"i have carried a child within my body     i have comforted a baby upon my chest     i have loved a child with all my heart    my body is not magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mother, and there is no greater honor or blessing  make this your status if you are proud to be a mommy!????"
<propmale> is refusing to go to school tomorrow  this could be a long 24 hours 
the first day of school went off without a hitch!
i want to dance at the feet of my lord and my savior with passion and delight 
so much for a good weekend  <propmale> is getting sick with a very sore throat 
"had a great evening at the <propfemale> knights baseball game with <propfirst> <propfirst>, my parents and my niece and nephew! fireworks afterwards  life is good sometimes "
"i love my family so much  a wonderful mom and dad, a silly sister and brother in law and an adorable niece and nephew  we had a great time yesterday visiting and cooking out  <propfirst> <propfirst> said it was his favorite weekend n a long time! and yes mother you will be remembered for many precious things and leave a legacy of good memories and lessons! i love you and daddy passionately!"
sushi would be so perfect right about now 
on christ the soild rock i stand  all other ground is sinking sand 
i have been on a hiatus from facebook  needed a break from this place! now i have returned  did you miss me?
hello friends and family   hope your fall is a pleasant one  please join our cause for <propmale> and support him if you haven't already 
nice nice weekend i am having  i hope everyone else is doing the same  i love fall!
hello
getting excited about turkey day! <propmale>'s birthday is dec 3rd  our precious aspie will be 10 years old  he says double digits means he is a preteen!
great thanksgiving for the most part  now for <propmale>'s birthday on the 3rd  gonna be tight 
perhaps if i said i was going to kill myself then people might notice me
i am ok! i have seasonal affective disorder so depression hits hard this time of year  thanks to all who really do care!
i always knew that having lunch buddies would one day come in handy!
<propfirst> <propfirst> has informed me that he wants an ipod and an electric guitar  ok!
we are trying very hard to hold on through the holidays and keep <propmale> out of the behavioral health children's unit  he is struggling to keep his grip right now  he had a manic episode one day which really was a hard blow  we had downgraded the bipolar diagnosis  <propmale> just cannot handle birthdays and christmas and i almost feel like just not subjecting him to it sometimes  i know he really wants to 
i have nothing to say
weebles  wobble
guess what i got for christmas          the flu!
last night the flu shared all it has to offer with me  i am not impressed 
well the flu was actually pneumonia which i found out today when i went to the hospital  my primary care physician was out on holiday and the dr  taking his cases was booked!
i am off to rest some more and sweat and shake and cough!
the birthday girl thanks all her many fans and admirers for her bday wishes 
cheesecake and lots of it 
