c591923ce3f95bf41230bdee60a13241
"packing up, flight at 5 in the morning  sad  buhbye kennewick"
provo 
"wooh, day one down 10 more weeks to go   sad "
"take my quiz!! don't worry, i e playful ect my besties to fail lol ;p gooood luuuuuck"
run away from money quit your job and climb a tree one with hearts instead of leaves
"i got the letter!!!  smile   smile   smile   and of course, i'm with pey pey  laugh "
gah work is owning me   sad  8 more weeeeeeks
just wrote an entire song! chords and lyrics and all!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
letter number 2!!!  laugh 
letter number 3  smile 
when you're dreaming with a broken heart the waking up is the hardest part
i got a new phone so text me saying your first and last name and like your home number or somethin sweet  playful  if you don't have my number (still the same) ask me for it  don't be afraid lol
can't wait to record my sooongg!!!
can't wait for this weekend!!!
save this date on your calendars!!!!!!!  friday august 21st  <propfemale> kessie's going off to college 18th birthday bash! everyone who i've every spoken to is invited    with some exceptions   lol  more details to come but save it!
15 days  sad 
11 
"just got a scholarship!! $1,073 for two semesters each! yaaaaay"
"my party, my place, tomorrow night 7 smile 0  be there!!! need directions, ask me"
<propfemale>'s going away birthday bash tonight my place at 7 smile 0!!! come!
hates packing  do i have to leave???  sad 
just got my own guitar for my bday!!! an epiphone!!!  laugh 
goodbye tri-cities    hello utah
officially in provo   
missing home
im an adult now!!!!
i wanna go too  sad 
"why'd you leave me, why'd you have go? i was countin on forever now i'll never know  i can't even breath  it's like i'm looking from a distance standing in the background everybody's sayin he's not comin home now "
i got to talk to him!
beeeeeeeeeed
doesnt want to go back to class 
"\droplets\"" lyrics couldn't e playful lain me better """
"54-3!!! ya, i go to byu  smile "
just <propfemale> wrapped my roomate into the shower  keep in mind we just <propfemale> wrapped her entire side of the room last week      smile 
just walked into our front room which is filled with newspaper and shredded paper a foot high  the creepy part is knowing someone was in my apartment in the middle of the night  dang <propfemale> 
"i would say i love fridays if i didn't have two huge tests today and if i had a ticket to the football game, but i do have two tests and i don't have a ticket    i don't like fridays"
"i miss everything about you (but still you're gone), i can't believe that i still want you  (after loving you i never should have walked away)  after all the things we've been through (i know it's never gonna be the same)  i miss everything about you "
"just played guitar for 3 hours in the lounge while watching chick flicks, alone  i'm definitely shooting up the social scale   "
inattentive add  that e playful lains everything
just had our third funeral service for our dead fishies with my roomies  we are bad mommies   sad 
off to the lounge; the only place i can somewhat concentrate   sad 
college is kickin my butt
finally get to jam  yeeeesss  off to the lounge!
jam time!
and sometimes you laugh to keep from crying
why am i still awake 
"really, is this necessary?"
runnin it out
bonding time with my gibson   smile 
"can't sleep, i'll run  why do i keep feeling weird?"
decorating the apartment for halloween! thanks for the supplies mommy
off to the lounge; i don't even know why i bother studying
wow!  smile 
"pepper <propfirst> cheese n crackers, carrots, and cookie dough "
i'm home!!!!  laugh 
5:22:18  just can't get enough 
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
it just keeps gettin better n better  smile 
off to the library  if i'm not back in 5 hours    please come get me 
"i was in the stall about to go to the bathroom and remembered to take my phone out of my coat pocket so it wouldn't fall in the toilet  as i pulled it out, i apparently didn't have as good of grip on it as i thought and it slipped and fell in  ironic- that was the precise reason i was taking it out of my pocket "
"i'm breaking at the cracks, and everything goes black  it's another heart attack, and i can't handle that "
i miss poopface 
kennewick!  smile 
<propmale>     marry me?
feels great to be back  love 
<propfemale> betta  love 
<propmale> singer is probably the coolest guy ever 
back in washington
i survived!
"my cousin's five year old just asked me if he could be my boyfriend, laughed creepily, and kissed me on the cheek 8 times  save me"
loves serenading my mommy on the guitar at 10 o' clock at night
run away from money; quite your job and climb a tree- one with hearts instead of leaves 
i just love skype  thank you internet 
had a fun sleepover with <propfirst> and <propfemale> in our onesies!  playful 
jealous 
three hours of homework later    whew!
where's the good in goodbye? i miss my bestfriend!
letter number 1!!!
puked 13 times within a 10 hour period   sad  not a good monday so far 
four days later and my tummy still hurts!  sad  i want my mommy
can't wait for wednesday! my new favorite day of the week  smile 
which famous person do i look like?
"5 tests, 1 quiz, 1 paper- 1 week! aaaaah the stress!  sad "
how is it possible to completely regress in a matter of seconds? i wasn't letting it get to me then it hit me like a brick 
iiiiiittt's wednesday!
2 1 2 hour jam session with <propfemale> and the gibson    check!  smile 
"i think i felt my heart skip a beat, i'm standing here and i can hardly breath"
perfect way to end the perfect weekend- the <propfemale>! so gorgeous! & welcome to provo mommy! so good to have you here!!! it's a great week  smile 
wednesdays never let me down  smile 
can't wait to start training for swim!  smile  i miss the chlorine
can't wait for summer
i would love to be home    2 months!
holy smokes! this day just got 5 million times better! i love my best friends  laugh 
42 days!
"ugh so ready for bed, so ready for this week to be over, so ready for summer  i'm just ready!"
conference weekend! finally!
"finally, a letter!"
three finals later    i never want to go to the testing center again  playful 
two more finals and five more days till i'm done with school and back in washington!
i'm home!!!
7 months later  smile 
i just love the mailman!  playful 
just got done cleaning the pool    can't believe it's that time of year again!
phone is officially (and permanently) dead  annoyed 
"a 35 year old accompanied by his 4 kids just asked me if i'd like to exchange <propfirst>   after asking if i had kids, if i was married, and if i was engaged  i'm guessing he didn't realize i'm only 18    ha"
about to go on the adventure of a lifetime! so i'm told   
"need swimming lessons? call me at 735-1218! we're filling up quick so sign up fast! we're are also offering a pre-swim team class for those of you who want to swim laps, learn some swim team drills and turns, and get in shape quick! message call me for more info   smile "
goodbye summer
phone is permanently dead and has been for the past week and a half! lame 
cleanin the pool
needs <propfirst> cus i'm gettin a new phone!!!
"break me out tonight, i wanna see the sunrise in anywhere but here "
i love mail  love 
just got a call from one of the deans at byu and was offered a scholarship! woohoo!
swimmin laps!
has to watch all 6 <propfemale> wars movies asap  the things we do for love   
21 days and counting   
i'm an aunt again!!! <propfemale> hope kessie  love 
got the scholarship!! i am so blessed
just turned a hideous vintage dress into a legit skirt!! thank you value village
college round 2- see ya kennewick!  annoyed 
best summer yet
is 19!!!!! thank you everyone for the birthday wishes- it's been a good one  smile 
byu vs  uw! bring iiiiiiiiit!
<propfirst>!
phone hasnt been workin all day   lame
wish i could see the angels' faces when they hear your sweet voice sing
anybody need a ticket for the byu game this saturday?
hey kennewick   im back  wink 
i'm in love with my ipod 
grrrreat night! can't wait for the weekend!
"4 touchdowns, 3 interceptions, 2 'tackles', 1 great game!"
i wanna watch <propfirst> boy
<propfirst> tosh 
5 smile 0am is not a good bed time
it's a jersey thing
"so happy for the sweetest little girl brinley torres, she just beat cancer!"
"<propfemale> gyllenhaal, <propfemale> kutcher, or <propfemale> efron    i could deal"
6 days till k town!
i freakin love dreams!!
might be watching a christmas movie   
and that was the day that i promised i'd never sing of love if it does not exist but darlin you are the only exception
what to do in an airport for 3 hours?
back in the 509
11:11 don't let me down
"oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, go cougars!"
i love ryker haddock
"i love judd ireland, but not as much as ryker"
wakin up in vegas
i'm in love with snl 
happy birthday to the best grandma in the world- miss you nerdbird love 
ukulele!
broke out the violin tonight- forgot how much i love some good ol' time fiddle tunes
hockey game!
cloud 9
lost my phone      oh well it'ssss girls niiiiiiiite!!
i hate commercials  i miss my dvr
phone isn't receiving texts    awesome don't text me
what's that song about a grandma getting run over by a reindeer?
blue haiiiiiiiiiir
yeah ill say it   i wanna play some call of duty
racquetballin with <propfemale> dunn
may 3rd may 3rd may 3rd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  new colbie cd holla!
cougin! 78-64
4 tests in 1 week   kill me now
hot tub!
cougin! another win over colorado state
"waitress: \are they with you?\""\",c591923ce3f95bf41230bdee60a13241,good way to start off the week    tb with the boys!
"best season ever! #32, we'll never fredette you   thanks for all the jimmeries"
vegas sounds <propfemale> good right now
<propfemale> dunn: hottest woman alive  hands down 
we got a situation!
got hacked again   apparently <propfemale> is makin her rounds
"and she's strong when the dreams come \cos' they take her, cover her, they are all over\the reality looks far now, but don't go \how can you stay outside?\there's a beautiful mess inside"
i'm in love with my guitar!
an aunt again! hey june kahana kessie    i'm your favorite aunt!
longboardiiinn!
yaaay my class is canceled today! oh wait    i never went in the first place 
hey pg  can you handle us?
