487f19685e99d9c1b4ab998e3e0065c0
"my school schedual this year: pd  1 geometry w  mrs  snyder pd  2 english w  mrs  robinson pd  3 gym a,b,+c         health d,e,+f w  mr  franks pd  4 american foundation w  mr  <propmale> pd  5 tech <propmale> w  mr  curfman pd  6 spanish w  mr  dutchcot pd  7 graphi"
is bored out of his wits 
is enraged at his xbox 360 because it isn't allowing him to speak with some of his acquaintances because of some absurd thing called a strict nat type  if any one knows what he should do please tell him  notice how he used sophistocated words 
will be out of school for the rest of thw week because he's sick 
has got to be the most bored person in the history of being bored!
hey if anyone is good at any of the instruments from guitar hero or rock band tell me cuz that would be a pretty cool thing for our talent show if u wanna play guitar u need to have your own guitar
has found a guitarist and a drummer in his search for band members for the talent show  i'm gonna be the bassist so that means all i need is a singer  if you go to nbc and would like to be our singer say so 
's new way of life is escapism   fyi: for those of you who don't know what escapism is it's when someone does something fun to escape their problems 
is still looking for a singer for our school talent show if you can help please inform me <propmale> ebersole  or <propfirst> grace 
has soccer practice til 4 smile 0 then playoffs at the stadium field at 11 surprise 0 on saturday
would like to congradulate the nb football team on their win tonight 
is so bored 
is painting and redecorating his bedroom!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
has officially been nuked!!!
is as bored as he'll ever be 
hates the cod: mw2 campaign mode because he sucks at it 
holey grenade launcher glitch!!!
hates homework  it's tough like really tough like tough plus more tough times tough to the power of tough 
never wants to go to school again!!!!!!!!!!
is reading his first book in a long time 
just got home from driving  learned many things  1) red lights are not my friends 2) green lights are my friends 3) the white and yellow lines are both my friends but need their personal space and 4) stalling the car is frustrating!!!!
learned today that his dog has lung disease and cancer and probably won't make it through the weekend 
's dog is being put down tommorrow  she's suffering too much and it's not right to make her go through that 
in d c  for the day  looking at many monuments and memorials
hates studying for a test that he knows he'll most likely fail anyways 
hooray for world cup!!!!!
yay! i get to go ride on the waterslides at raystown!!!
got an aim  username: xtechspedx add me!
got an ipod touch  any suggestions on what apps to get
is going camping for the weekend!!! yay
<propfirst> forgot to sign out of facebook so <propfirst> is controlling his profile  laugh 
is going to pittsburgh 
???????????????????????????
is on his way to the cave dwellings
is home from colorado 
"class schedule\1-english\2-precalculus\3-adv design apps\4-physics def\5-physics\6-government econ\7-gym abc\7-computer apps def\8-alg3  trig\9-pssa reading abc(bull crap)"
wow facebook chat sucks!!!!!!!!
wishes he had somebody to talk to  i'm soooooo bored!!!!!!
is stuck in traffic 
is extremely excited for a week of soccer camp  if nobody noticed that was sarcasm 
why do my legs hurt so much?!?!?!?
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars\i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now"
has no friends         online 
would like to thank everybody who told him happy birthday because i'm too lazy to thank all of you individually 
i lost the game 
http annoyed  www hulu com watch 107014 family-guy-jerome-is-the-new-black?c=218;452 omg me and <propfirst> laughed so hard we cried!
just saw a commercial for a <propfirst> beiber movie  maybe the world will end in 2012 
i just signed into gameloft live!: http annoyed  www gameloftlive com! add me as your friend to play with me and win trophies: my username is xtechspedx  and check out gameloft on facebook: http annoyed  www facebook com gameloft!
needs a new status 
beat cod black ops 
well great week so far missed both days of school this week due to the flu and can hardly remember any of it except for the massive amounts of misery 
so november ends and the facial hair comes off 
field trip to penn state all day tomorrow so text me  312-8538 imma be bored 
good day at penn state  i'm bored now 
65-well you are awesome and not nearly as hyper as you believe yourself to be  you brighten my day with your good mornings and are one of my best friends that's a girl   smile 
"15- since \pen\""15 isn't a number i shortened it  and you are a pretty good friend  though you can get really annoying sometimes you aren't that bad of a guy  i guess """
789- umm  well you are pretty awesome and hanging out at the tussey football game was cool  felt bad that you and 65 couldn't come watch the movie after  we'll all have to get together sometime 
1- well you are a great friend and although you frequently cause me pain i can always rely on you for soccer scheduling and giving me straight answers 
"5- all i can say is \whipped\""  jk  you are awesome and help me quite often  you also are always good for a good game of halo """
no internet  yipee
"it's ok to wish people a <propfemale> christmas, deck the halls, and jingle bells  just please don't sing about it "
went to nintendo world today in nyc and i have to say that it's one of the coolest stores i've ever been in 
"me: hey kenzie, is your refridgerator running?\kenzie: yeah my fridge is running \me: then you better go catch it \hahaha i never thought prank calls would work over skype  \oh kenzie teeter, how easily you are fooled "
getting pretty good at zombies  me&andy= round 22 me&wesley=round 26
