433421dfb7f37c978bda2fba25f7c8e4
is thanking god for dry land!!!
is going to try to fix his life 
is really beginning to hate dells and viruses 
"god doesn't care about what you've done in life physically or if you have a religion, but what you've done spiritually and how your heart has grown and loved others   the difference is religion is just a organization, but god is above that so, \you must l"""
has a large crawdad swimming in his pool   
all things work out if you give them time 
is walking in an empty shell and has no idea where this way lies 
feels like tomorrow will be sweet!
is wondering how to do the honors chem thing 
thinks he should study for bio 
<propfirst> and bonds with those <propfirst> make a powerful message 
"is thankful for the world, happy thanksgiving to all!!!"
is hoping to convince his parents for a new cell phone today 
is pumped about getting a new iphone in!!!  now if only my ipod would let me get songs off of it to itunes 
about to get ready to stay up tonight with 64 oz of monster!!!
everything rides on hope now everything rides on faith somehow when the world has broken me down your love sets me freewhen my life is like a storm rising waters all i want is the shore you say i'll be ok and make it through the rain you are my shelter from the storm i'm not my own i've been carried by you all my life     
so much freaking snow and still no call 
"<propfirst>, i hate you, i'm moving to ashland where they call school off more than you and the night before   did i forget to mention they don't call at 5 am!!"
my ears are still ringing    
"back from science olympiad, so tired    "
has had a great day and thanks for all the birthday wishes
i love celebrating the 4th of july!!!
it feels much better tonight than it being 103 out 
in london and it's awesome!!!
"in an airport in germany, about to fly to greece, then i got home "
greece is awesome!!!
"loved europe, but is glad to be back in <propfemale>!!"
"still stuck in atlanta, waiting to get to cincinnati "
"really, really sunburnt from today   "
the weekend      smile 
thinks <propfirst> casto is a beast  smile 
thanks alot <propfirst>   
awesome ride home from bowling  smile       sad 
owww   
good morning
"well i had a scheule conflict so goodbye ap chem hello ap environmental, no big deal, i didn't even do the summer work "
i really need to start my homework   
best friday the 13th ever
"facebook, you are so screwed up, i hate you"
"thanks a lot, apparently my parents get a new car that i won't be allowed to drive"
terrorized kentucky tonight
isn't feeling good    e playful losive diarrhea   text it
thank you <propmale> danner for hacking my facebook
"you know what, people need to chill"
just got home
just found my headphones i lost a week ago
"believe it or not, brouhaha is a real word meaning an uproar "
"i hate procrastinating, but i do it anyways    "
why should i?qco
"contest of champions today- hoping i'll survive this e playful losive diarrhea     feelin sorry for the guys in my room  oh well, makin lemonade \text me "
again i looked and saw all the oppression that was taking place under the sun: i saw the tears of the oppressed—and they have no comforter power was on the side of their oppressors—and they have no comforter  -ecclesiastes 4:1
"if you see the poor oppressed in a district, and justice and rights \denied, do not be surprised at such things; for one official is eyed by a\ higher one, and over them both are others higher still  -ecclesiastes \5:8\\god is the comforter and official that rules over the world, there is none greater "
"ok, my computer put on some crappy, country bluegrass music and i hate country bluegrass music, yet i look and nothing is playing except on master volume   i hate my computer"
"i really wish i felt a little better today, oh well, tomorrow will get better after waking up early for a precal test "
"such a great day, a precal  test for a hour and thirty minutes, plus i still feel sick and now back to procrastinating"
i really need to stop procrastinating 
finally finished my gsp application!!!
tomorrow is going to suck 
the apush essay sucks!
"i can't tell which is worse, school or this break "
iphone really needs an app to block repeating messages
tonight has been a pretty great night       except for kentucky
"wow, this week has come a long way from being crappy to most likely the best thanksgiving ever!"
"happy thanksgiving!! on a second note, today is going to be a great day!  wink "
today has already been amazing   lets see just how much better it can get!
some days should never have to end
starting to actually want to back to school to see some amazing people!  wink 
hmmm    
having the best night ever!!!!!
"so, yesterday was amazing, today will be even better!!  wink "
tonight will be a good night  wink 
just ordered a new trumpet for christmas!!!  today just keeps getting better!  wink 
i just had an amazing night watching unstoppable with the more amazing <propfemale> hain and <propfemale> <propfemale> presley  wink  it was a pretty great movie and got to see all the parts  wink 
good morning facebook!
"i may just got bed now, goodnight everybody   excited for tomorrow   except school!"
"tonight was great, i just wish that it could've lasted longer  wink "
great night + new trumpet came in = great day  wink 
the last time i ever use google translator again!!!
"i should move to rowan county, they're out   again!! on a second note, just 20 days left!!!  wink "
"tomorrow at 8 am is really going to suck, i really wish i didn't have the act"
this has got to be the best weekend ever!!!!  wink 
"awesome, apparently you do have to make up map testing    that really sucks"
this is why i hate procrastinating   about to start my 1000 word essay  sad 
just finished my apush essay!!
