55bacaeb318465c9f7680492986bfdca
last night of ttlx!
"is heading to knoxville - all my tn friends, lets <propfemale> out!!!"
"is in knoxville, tn!!!"
just had some new headshots taken!
new headshot!
is packing     again    i swear i just got unpacked
<propmale> top - you'll always be home sweet home to me!     heading home!
has made it to knoxville!    7 days of awesomeness
just a reminder - i'm in knoxville!!!
smells like gameday!
just say a university of oregan tv commercial     some chick doing modern     terrible
workshop classes start tomorrow!!!
had a ton of fun with the dance society workshop!!
hates watery coffee    
is fired up!
saw last years ut showcase today and wants to be sure that mary-carter kniffen + <propfemale> kosty to come to his workshop!!!
is pumped up!
dancing in the street just came on the radio     it is sooo slow!! haha
is flying to colorado today - from <propmale> top to the <propmale> mountains
just realized that the jeans he is wearing for his flight have a hole in the crotch     
will be e playful eriencing weather under 60 degrees for the 1st time in 2 years
did you see the english on that kick!?!? 3-0 go vols
good game boys
might be on tv on oct  3rd     abc at 8 p m  - with broadway dance center on extreme makeover home edition
"quote of the day - from my sister \this guy reminds me enough of ____ for me to dislike him with out knowing him\""     names have been censored to protect my sister  laugh """
will not be getting much sleep in the near future     halo reach has arrived    
just watched the tap finale with his family     amazing  laugh 
thats how you end a football game!
   the curse of being a dancer     trying to find a pair of jeans that are tight enough at the waist yet don't hug my thighs like a emo skateboarder     
is ready
"just played 6 degrees of separation with fb - 1) click the first person on your news feed 2) scroll down and click the first mutual friend you have in common     to the 6th person   \\i went from the tap cast     through a few people including an ex    and back to the tap cast    "
just bought his first pair of cowboy boots (used) for$ 50!
finally got the paddle combo from the tap show up to tempo without missing sounds     just 3 weeks late    
needs to be asleep
has just returned from his 2nd doctors visit since leaving the cruise ship (the 1st being immediately after returning home)     he has lost 10 pounds
bed time
its time to go to dance class  laugh 
is spending the day in the mountains with the family     riding around in the new prius     laugh 
misses the tap cast and will have our finale video online as soon as i can
feels blessed!     the vols are playing on tv for the 3rd week in a row    lets go ut
where is <propfirst> <propmale>?!?!
i said its great to be a tennessee vol!!!!
ok     you've got to be kidding me
wants to remind everyone to watch extreme makeover: home edition on abc today (sunday) at 8pm est  look out for me with a beard!
loves that the titans coach just flipped off the refs
last reminder (maybe) - watch extreme makeover: home edition on abc tonight at 8pm est 
that was interesting
is ready to dance again
is tired and little sore     yay for dancing
is not sure why so many of his friends 'like it in the back seat'     whatever it is
"hates that this \jersey shore\"" bs tv show has made new jersey even more of a joke     even \""bones\"" is making fun of it    """
is finished packing     almost     heading to tennessee tomorrow and driving to florida sunday     this disney adventure is about to begin!
is in <propmale>!
has moved into his new apartment in <propmale> - come visit!!!
is all moved in to his new apt in <propmale>
just saw a commercial for 'medi-share' - a program where christians share in each others medical e playful enses    isn't that socialism?
is going to disney today     like to the parks - should be fun
just saw his venue at disney     right next to space mountain!
"is celebrating love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister(s)    "
meets his cast tomorrow-  fun fun fun
just met his cast!     and at a towering 5'9 is the tallest in the cast      smile 
dear fb     instead of showing me <propfemale> pictures of my friends on fb chat (that i can barely see)     why not make the chat function actually work
is going to the animal kingdom
"does not like that he just woke up for rehearsal, but the sun decided to sleep in"
's cell phone just tried to dial 1997     is the universe trying to tell me something?
tonights plan: dinner for a cast members birthday     dance class because a friend is teaching     4 hours of sleep     then a 6am rehearsal call      smile 
tired 
run throughs all day tomorrow then a day off!!!
has offically started his first day off     at epcot for a little bit     trying to make it back to watch part of the ut game! here we go
tired doesn't even begin to describe how i feel     one of these days i will actually rest on my day off - but today was too much fun to have missed out on    
and 5 hours sleep     ready    go!
 laugh one-zo
has a day off!!! time for some cast bonding  smile 
just finished rehearsal at 6am!!     ms  <propfemale> brown is coming to <propfemale> out tomorrow-  should be fun!
just got a call from disney to double check his gender     today is going to be a good day
just turned in his actors equity paperwork!!     and made sure they had his gender listed correctly just in case  smile 
final overnight rehearsal tonight     its going to be a cold one     lets do it!
loves that its 6 smile 0am     <propfirst> and i just got back from rehearsal     and i can hear him belting in the shower from the living room
why is it that ut wins the games i can't watch??
will be auditioning for tarzan tomorrow     jealous?
"quote of the day from thayne     \daddy     he took my boot!\""    its funnier in context    and with the accent hahah"""
is 80% sure his credit card company is using software to make their phone representatives sound american    
is off to open his new show: totally tomorrowland christmas! alright cast    show up    do your best     and don't suck!!  smile 
call of duty: black ops just came     so much for being productive today
why does easy <propmale> always seem like a good idea    until im about half way through eating it     annoyed 
hippity hop audition then 2nd night of shows
had an awesome first week of shows!    now to three days off     wahoo!
should be going to a bar called cowboys tonight    hopefully it lives up to the joes with my utdc family
is outside trying to soak up some sunlight     in mid november
is watching hp4 with thayne and lil mama
"\raise your glass if you're wrong in all the right ways\"""""
after 3 days off - lets go!    and don't suck
just had his first rain cancelation of the season      
congratulations to everyone from tap - the show for winning the heartbeat award     and thank you for letting me perform with you - and reteaching me how to tap haha  smile 
let's go ut
has just purchased christmas presents for 1 3 of his list
is wondering why bon jovi at the amas looks like <propfirst> bowie     or am i going crazy?
where is kayne when you really need him to interupt an acceptance speech     <propfirst> beiber    really?
is it weird that i can feel my mind slowly slipping away?
is starting his thanksgiving mini-vacation     i just input my hotel address into google and apparently i'm staying at the arigato japanese steak house     awesome
burlesque was amazing     every one needs to see it     now
loves football     and loves that the patriots play so well it pisses off the other team
if anyone is in <propmale>    let me know     the term stir crazy comes to mind
had some photos taken today - my favorite is my new profile picture    i'll have some others up soon!
is not sure where bray came from     but i'm glad he's at ut     bray and moore will be a good team!! lets go ut
i said - its great - to be - a tennessee vol!
"has a lot to do tomorrow\\golf with pops and my uncle \ lunch\\magic kingdom with <propfemale> bartolomeo\ then perfofming all night    gonna be fun"
is slowly realizing that he really is living a charmed life    
is at a bar     a drunk girl requested a mj song from the two acoustic guitar players     they are tearing up <propfirst> <propfirst>
have you ever wanted to vent via your fb status?    and then you realized whomever you were venting about would read it    and its just not worth the drama   
is wearing his tap-the show t-shirt and hoping his hershey family are all doing well!
"\hey look they have turkey-burgers     aren't you vegetarian??\"""""
played video games for over 9 hours today     he beat the game so he can get back to real life     but today was a good day
i don't know what this number thing is but it is annoying me a little
would like a job for christmas this year  smile 
its so cold out i'm wearing tights under my skinny jeans     y'all know i'm talking about my costume - right?
will be in knoxville for the entire month of january     i just wanted to give y'all a heads up so you can prepare yourselves  smile 
just finished a brand new dance reel - includes footage from the cruise and disney     i'll have it online sometime soon!
<propfirst> <propmale> just tore apart the gop regarding their verbal use of 9 11 vs their total unwillingness to even debate the first responders heathcare <propmale>     as soon as i find it - i am posting this video
sometimes i wear a slanket over a snuggie and i call it a snake nugget - conan
last time <propfirst> branning  came to visit me i had just booked my first professional job     i am about to pick him up from the airport after booking a gig for friday    he needs to visit more often!!
i know something no body else knows!!!
just started looking at some pictures from australia new zealand     i think i had way more fun than i remember hahah
just realized how awkward his show is going to be come dec 26th     yet we perform until <propfirst> 1st  smile 
will be back in knoxville for a mini vacation from <propfirst> 2 - 9th     then he is going back to <propmale> to keep working with disney!     i got my christmas wish - a job!  smile 
two christmas wishes came true - 1  a job! 2  the last show on christmas day was rained out! 3  thayne did not have a drink but two out of three isn't so bad
should probably go to bed so he can enjoy his day off!
alright fb friends - i am looking for any housing situation in the orlando disney area     anyone know of any options?
has a ton to do tomorrow     why cant i sleep!?!?
has a new apartment!!
let's go ut
when i went to go do my 1020 show we were up by 3 and 1 smile 0 left on the clock     i came back and its tied at 27 - i didn't know we had turned the ball over and was confused why unc would kick a field goal on 2nd down     worst feeling ever
is watching part of the norte dame game     i hate when i hear about a really good player from tn not going to ut
"what's your favorite book? - war and peace, it was the best of times it was the worst of times"
is on fb on his cousin's kitchen counter with his leg up like on a ballet barre     i think my body is telling me something
it totally just started snowing in knoxville!
just ate habatchi factory for the first time in 2 years     no bueno
just curious - who is currently in knoxville?
not sure what to do today - prolly just watch the game on tv  smile 
tough loss
get ready fl - im coming back tomorrow
just scrapped ice off a car for the first time in 2 years
1st flight is delayed - based on current estimations i will have 20 minutes to navigate atlanta and make my connection
managed to switch flights and transfer through <propfemale> - here's hoping everything runs smoothly!
made it to fl! take that snow storm!
just met one of his new neighbors     kaylin seckel  !!! ahhh this is awesome  smile 
starts learning the castle show today!
13 hour day     go
it is literally 55 in my apartment right now     oh well - lets pray my brain doesn't e playful lode tomorrow learning all these contingencies  
"just overheard the guy at the pizza place say \in a blink of a finger\""     regarding how fast the delivery guy would make it"""
has heat!
let's go ut
<propmale> cooper was hilarious on snl    he should host
today is the last rehearsal in the studio    
just saw a tv ad for spiderman on broadway     i guess equity is letting them perform again?     i need <propfirst> <propmale> wright  back in my life so i can hear about current events!
is staying up as long as possible to get ready for overnights     how am i doing so far?
just dusted for the first time in his life     am i growing up?
"how is it that (of all places) the syfy channel creates a vampire character that can see his own reflection    what, is this twilight?     is there no respect for the traditional vampire myth?"
just found out his days off! wed  thurs  fridays watch out!
overnight 1 - here we go
i need a vol favor!! can someone please post a video of end of the ut uga game?!? i'm trying to see how it ended on my phone!
is so inventive  he just used his cruise control the scratch an itch on his foot
everyone come see my dream along with <propfirst> debut this saturday! i will be in the last 3 shows on the castle stage!
"just got home from rehearsal and \heard\"" his neighbor    it is 7am     really?"""
overnight #3     i am tired
"come see my castle stage debut tomorrow! (saturday) i think the show times are 2:15, 4:15, and 5:15"
dream along opening went really well! thanks to everyone who came to see it     and now a day off!
1st full day at the magic kingdom     kicking at 10 smile 0am!
first day at dream along done     that wasn't too bad but it ain't summer yet!
what's going on tonighht and tomorrow?
needs to go out tonight     anyone doing anything?
will be going to ale house later tonight - weather permitting     come <propfemale> out!
ale house - be there!
had so much fun with <propfemale> becker tonight! i feel a million times better!
is watching the state of the union 24 hours after everyone else  smile 
everyone is napping     i'm bored!
's wrist still hurts    grrr
"needs to find a new book (preferably a series like narnia, lotr, potter    ) to read while everyone else is napping    suggestions?"
thought it was lame that there really wasn't anything good on tv tonight    then i realized it was saturday night     it seems the lame is on the other foot   
     so the miners from chili are at the magic kingdom     this means i came in a hour early and now have a 2 5 hour break     i'm bored - 2hours to go
2 more shows and then 2 days off     almost there  smile 
day off - why am i so tired?
can't even check in for his appointment because he is more than 15 minutes early     you've got to be kidding me
so remember when disney called me to verify my gender     health services still thinks i'm female      awesome
may have arthritis in his shoulder and tendinitis in his wrist     honestly the doctor has no idea whats wrong so i'm resting for a week to see if it goes away on its own     lame
is home all day     text me if you want to come <propfemale> out
's new business cards came in today     doesn't seem like i'll be handing any out in the near future
is tired     so very tired
when did waking up at 10am count as sleeping in    
ok now everyone who noticed that <propfemale> didn't quite get the words right please raise your hand
oh and did anyone else hear the crowd cheer when w  came on the sceen     of course he's there - its texas and he doesn't really have anything else going on
did they just break the world record for most people doing the running man?
just happened to turn on glee     since when is glee a varsity sport? and why is two kids barely pushing each other a fight?
"has anyone heard of this \texas vs the nation\"" football game before?    """
may be in nyc around march 10th - what are people doing?
will be in nyc from march 9th - 11th
feels old     remember when my knees where the problem?
is starting to remember how productive he can be when he actually starts doing the things on his to-do list     next up: that tree sap that's been on the hood of my car since my brother was driving it   
"is watching \whose line is it anyway\""     im actually crying its so funny"""
back in shows tomorrow  smile 
just got his first cable <propmale> - wow     on a happier note - first day back in shows went relatively well and pain free!
lady gaga talking about the sociology of fame     actually kinda interesting    
needs to learn to flip like <propfirst> bieber's ninjas    
i love how male dancers are always moving set pieces    
tonights daily show opening segment was one of the best ever     apparently <propfirst> <propmale> was at disney last week!! if only i'd known!
really? my phones weather app says todays low is 55     but it also says its 48 right now    
"is exhausted! i have a feeling that the next 5 weeks will be crazy busy, but that might just be how i feel today     whew"
today will be a good day - going down to sarasota to see my gramps and <propfirst> <propmale> illingworth     it has been years!
today was fun - unusual - but fun haha
realized while he was driving today that he will always associate a blue rav 4 with <propfemale> nutter and a green vue with <propfirst> hud     and get excited just before he sees the fl plate   
aaaaaawwwwwwwwwww yyyyyyyeeeeeeeaaaaaaaa
hates how early he wakes up on his day off
feels a little overwhelmed     but thats what happens when you try to organize family coming into town     right?
oil change is going to take a while so im wandering up and down obt to get some lunch     nott the smartest move i've ever made
just went on the <propmale> potter ride     and guess what? i got sprayed in the face with water!! damn you 4-d!
"hey fb friends!!!!!!while on facebook, look at your url address  if you see 'http:' instead of 'https:', then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account|account settings|account security and click change  check at least the first setting (fb defaults to the non-secure setting) and click 'save ' copy and re-post to help all your fellow face-bookers"
has had three of the most exhausting days off so far!     but also the most fun!  smile 
two more days before i can just lay down for an entire day-and buy groceries-and get a haircut -and get the apt ready for mom dad-anything else?
fate has intervened giving me the night off! i can actually get some errands done!
is running late today     i guess most people would call it being on time
tonight's agenda: dinner and dance central    
hates <propfemale> for making me input way to much info on my tax return for my refund to be $0 00    
is coming to nyc tomorrow- if you want to <propfemale> let me know!
for the first time in my life my connecting flight is in the same terminal! only 5 gates away - but of course there isn't any food nearby    
at jfk making my way to midtown  smile 
plan: vinyl (50th and 9th) for dinner and industry bar (52nd b t 8th and 9th) for drinks! surprise me!
amazing night      thanks to everyone who made this the best reunion i could have hoped for
just changed his flight     he will now be landing in fl when it would have been leaving ny haha
had the hiccups while he was shaving      ouch
"apparently on words with friends \jew\"" is not an acceptable word    """
"well <propmale> mis on pbs    it is my bed time, i will have to continue watching some other time"
a dancer with a sore throat is like a singer with a twisted ankle     it doesn't ruin the show but it makes things a little awkward    
a dancer with a sore throat is like a singer with a twisted ankle     it doesn't ruin the show but it makes performing so much haarder
"first full day off with nothing to do but laundry, groceries, and video games     and i'm sick     awesome     what's the point of taking zyrtec if i'm going to get sick anyway"
seriously almost hit a cow with his car this morning     i didn't know they even had cows in fl
"long day tomorrow!: magic kingdom with <propfemale> nutter and <propmale> nutter, i'll be performing the last 3 shows - then off to my voice lesson    and then home to shower and get ready for my 1st overnight rehearsal for durmstrang harry potter at universal    wahoo    might as well get a coffee iv  smile "
"facebook is telling me that starbucks is one of the most popular check-in locations at 266 times: way to go <propfirst> thompson, <propmale> petris, <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> karchawer, <propfirst> <propmale> woodruff, and <propmale> rogers     anyone sensing the hershey park theme?"
will be spending today on his couch recovering from his first durmstrang (bootcamp) overnight     text me if you want to come <propfemale> out  smile 
will be enjoying some ice cream while waiting on his chinese food    
so the middle aged chinese food delivery guy couldn't operate the gate into my apt complex     tried to open my locked door right after he knocked     and awkwardly asked for his tip to cover his gas    
just got in my car to head to overnight #2     i've got a feeling is playing on the radio     stellar
<propmale> clemmons casting just called me for the non-eq tour of cats as mr mistoffelees   wa-wa    would have been fun
"a very long week has come to an end! if you can, come to universal on monday to see the students of the durmstrang institute in <propmale> potter world"
saw <propfemale> freistat at the magic kingdom today!     its ok to be jealous  smile 
ale house with dream along friends  smile 
approval day at universal    waiting for the rain to stop
approvals were a bust    now i have a days worth of energy and nothing to do
is really looking forward to starting his 3 full days off tomorrow     now i just need to find something to do  smile 
just got called for his 2nd approval at universal on thursday - here's hoping this one isn't a rain out!
anyone looking for a sublet in astoria for mid-april through the end of september? let me know
is weird that i turn on the pbs broadcast of <propmale> mis whenever im doing chores?
and its raining again on my approval day    
universal just called and told me not to come in     awesome     tomorrow will be my 3rd attempt at getting approved    
will hopefully be performing at universal today     3rd times the charm - right?
is having a blast!
"is watching \sons of guns\"" for the first time     discovery has the coolest shows haha"""
safe travels to my friends flying home today!
today maybe a lazy day      text me!
packing!
is heading to dc today!! - i'll be back friday  smile 
the show i am watching just had a pipe burst on stage (as part of the show) and it dumped water for a good two minutes before the end of act i     awesome!
is catching up withzach devesty    its cliche but the more things change the more they stay the same     and yes zach is wearing a yankees hat
had an amazing time in dc but is back in fl  smile 
true story - i just got back today from a quick trip to dc     and i just booked another flight to nyc for early may    
is heading to bed at 10 smile 0 on a saturday night     i feel so grown up!
will not be having alcohol between now and my audition may 5th (hopefully by putting it on facebook ill stick to it)
what's an iphone just so he can post pictures of text conversations he's had    
2 more shows than 3 days off - awwww yeeaaa
heading to the pool to see if i can get the rest of my body the same color as my face     and laps! i wonder if i can still do a butterfly    
will be at durmstrang next friday!
house of blues with <propfirst> and <propfemale>
just got home    i was going to be productive    but then i turned on the tv    
remember that time i was responsible and went to bed at a reasonable time so i wasn't tired the next day     yea that's not tonight
is 93% sure he just signed up for dental insurance!
bed at 930     i think i just turned 7
woa the next couple of days are going to be crazy! - i like it!
kickin it at <propmale> potter world     its ok to be jealous
is going to meet darth maul today and then go to <propmale> potter world      awesome
halfway there - 5 more days then a day off
"to all my \words with friends\"" friends     i am retiring from the sport     take care"""
to all my <propmale> friends - norwegian cruise line will be in <propmale> first week of may
   who really needs a day off anyway - i just got called into potter so i am will be working everyday from 4 16 to 5 3
is trying to figure out how he got to the point in his life where he had to get up early to buy groceries    
is going into consecutive workday #15 on 5 hours sleep - awesome
just edited together his footage from durmstrang    looks like i'm doing different parts of the same fight    ish
do i know anyone currently living working in las vegas?      do you?     can someone put me touch with a friend family member - preferably in the dance industry - i heard about a project and want to get more information from someone who lives there   thanks!
is delirious from working 1 laugh ays in a row    i just got a cruise ship offer (quick 2 month contract) and i am tossing the idea around - didn't i say i would never do one again - someone slap some sense into me    
just got to the gate for his 730am flight to find out its been delayed to 9am     lame
is checking in at nyc!!
newsies audition with <propfirst> <propmale> wright and <propfirst> grubb    and i am sure many others!     send some good vibes up to nyc!
anyone going to blockheads today?
at jfk waiting for my flight back to <propmale>
"hey - remember that time when my knee didn't hurt?     oh yea, that was 2007"
has beeem at work for the last 12hours     1 more to go
does anyone else think the michigan softball coach looks like <propfirst> summit?
just bought his tickets for fringe!
anyone going to fringe tonight? i have a spare ticket to b's of the kingdom at 9:50
is at fringe!
hates that every time he thinks he is saving money - its time to pay rent    
"dear thunderstorms rain,\\you are only allowed to be active in the <propmale> area during the hours of : 10 smile 0am - 12pm\1:10pm - 2 smile 0pm\4:10pm - 5 smile 0pm\\    preferably only on saturdays, sundays, mondays and tuesdays    but i'm not picky \\sincerely,\<propfirst>"
congratulations dream along     i hope it rains all day
is hanging out with his neighbor kaylin seckel     its ok to be jealous
audition time with <propfemale> chudzinski and i'm sure many others - wahoo!
can't sleep again     awesome
is simply blown away by tonight's <propfirst> performances    
did the woman sitting next to <propmale> jackman just hide the price tag from her dress instead of clapping????
well the <propfirst>'s this year were quite amazing   off to bed to rest for christmas auditions tomorrow     here's hoping insomnia takes the night off
how do they write a rap to end the tonys and include epic candid moments from the night     
what a day! xmas audition this morning     afternoon shows at the castle     and now off to potter to do the last two!
$1 99 for book of morman on amazon?     yes please
"woke up this am to the phrase \temperatures in excess of 100\""     not ok"""
"so i just installed heytell     not sure if ill ever use it, but feel free to add me - search my name or cell"
had a very fun night out     i should be social more often
hey     its raining
car trouble again         grrrrrr
man its hot out there     im pretty exhusted and have one show left     dig deep time
changed his photo      seems like everyone has put up photos of them with their dad     this photo is my dad when he was 25 (i think)
has to get up stupid early tomorrow to get his car to the dealer before work     please bring the rain
can literally feel the skin on his face burning during the pirates scene     maybe i need to double my sunscreening efforts
just got in his car at the dealership and it wont start     wtf
would like to thank his friend thayne jasperson for having impeccable timing     tomorrow will be a better day
has three full days off     boom
no joke - was just man handled at mco     the person reading the full body scan told the sec  officer something came up     unless it was sewn into the lining of my shorts- i have no idea what they saw
disney finally calls me in for ot and im at the airport    
is at the <propmale> airport  smile      this time tomorrow i'll be back at the castle
back in <propmale>  smile 
the honda dealer was totally unprepared for the appointment i scheduled     they are charging me $60 to install a $90 fuse     it only cost $70 to get my oil changed and tires rotated     stupid
the hotel fire on 192 was caused by a meth lab e playful losion    
will be at potter world tonight - let me know if anyone is hanging around
4 items from a dollar menu should not total to $5 26      
just submitted a performance waiver to equity office     here's hoping
cartoon network is premiering a new thundercats in july!!!
todays rain made my day     tomorrow- <propfemale>!
"feels that his life is a catch 22: for the 2nd time in 10days someone at mco has asked if i was active military- i got the sense that my e playful erience would have been 100x better if the answer was yes     however, if i was in the military i wouldn't be traveling in the 1st place     "
that was easily the most uncomfortable flight ever     (see comments)
hopes all his universal and other potter fans enjoy their night of merriment
has a lot to be thankful for and a lot to look forward to     1st thing: new iphone within the next 4 days
hey everyone! - i just created a quick fb event for a birthday get together i want to have     im pretty sure i only really invited people currently in fl     hopefully i didn't leave anyone out     but to my dear nyc tn hershey cruise friends - i love you all     but you're not in fl  smile 
alright wva airport     the guy who put the tags on my checked bag is running boarding at the gate     no wonder it took ten minutes for him to come to the desk when i checked in
is wondering why the british pub at the dc airport is staffed entirely by philipinos
oh hello <propmale>     missed me?  smile 
going to see <propmale> potter at 10:15 at dtd if you'd like to join
i feel like my eyelids are burning     i swear im putting on sunscreen
super excited about the <propmale> family reunion!
heading back to <propmale>!
my birthday wish was for shows to get rained out today at disney     guess what!!  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! it certainly was one to remember!
another birthday wish come true     one set downed for rain at potter
has never been so happy that his paycheck comes in on thursday    thank you!
there is a good <propmale> i'm still hungover 36 hours later
well it looks like a long night ahead    
watching the new thundercats on my dvr!
for the 2nd time in my life i answered the phone and had a conversation    
dear dawm friends - thanks for putting up with me and my 'ready to have a day off-ness' today - <propfirst>
stupid hollywood lot    
just wasted 20minutes trying to find a parking spot     lame
64hrs last week (no ot) and so far another 64 scheduled this week     i need to make the most of it while the hrs are available but man i'm tired!     ps - 5hrs of sleep last night - <propfemale> haw!
did 4 and 1 3 shows today during 12hrs of shift time     phenomenal
