bef485cbf8c732ef7f4d9406300f0698
wants some good gumbo   andouille anyone?
"and winner of best birthday felicitations for 2009:  <propfemale> sladek!  seriously, thanks to everybody for your well-wishes   i really do appreciate them "
needs to get away to ngc 598   anyone know where to book a wormhole to triangulum?
has champagne tastes on a budweiser budget   
knows:  the melk-man delivers!
like a freight train it hits in my sinus cavities -  and to you this truth i spit: i hate allergies 
just ran a checkpoint for the wu-tang alleycat   konichiwa bitches!
": bikes, bikes, bikes, bikes, bikes "
cant sleeeeeeeeeeep!!!
wonders where the summer went 
"see's it's 12:12 and thus he will delve into the hidden space between meaning - but if you conclude that he's in a weird mood, he will confirm you that gleaning "
"is not worried   this is not supposed to be easy, and will be all the sweeter for the challenge when success comes "
"alright gentlemen, you're back at the stadium   let's get this done, shall we?"
"you may have your cheesesteaks and a recent ws ring, but the weight of our 26 prevents me from raising my hand against you   "
:27  that's twenty seven  what?
is more and more disturbed by how the commercialization of christmas creeps closer to the summertime each year   
blames it on the a-a-a-a-alcohol   
"rhymes with \spaniel fryer\""   discuss """
"is mentally unavailable right now   if you would like to leave a message, please do so at the sound of the beep, and he will get back to you as soon as possible   thank you!"
"is on the right track, he's just not sure of where the train is headed   "
is liking the weather!!!
hears them greezy wheels turnin'   
thinks he might have once spit on the windshield of the cash cab   
"wants a sneak-peek at the end of the story - he won't tell a soul, he promises   but his mind is stretched almost to the point of breaking   fear not, for he shall remain adamant, but c'mon already!!!"
"it's january 2, and i've already broken my resolution not to be broke   \it"
<none>
"my long night is almost over   to be followed by a day of sleeping  the life of the undead, is not a one to dread - but nor is it one to be envied  we live cloaked in night, never seeing sunlight - perhaps that's the source of our frenzy?"
is officially bored with the internet   he wants a refund 
has an inkling that this life thing might actually be simpler than we all make it out to be   
"freedom cannot be granted by any government - freedom is a state of mind, heart, and soul "
happy last 12 minutes of groundhog's day!
i wish i had a hoverbike   
wishes he could go sledding tommorrow instead of working   
observes: there really ain't no rest for the wicked   
baseball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shall ride again!!!
"observes: one cannot fix the world with politics   first we must create a more equitable form of economics, and then - and only then - might we have a <propmale> of fixing the rest "
coolest tool on the web: http annoyed  www pangloss com seidel shaker index html
"to everyone in new york city: when the weather is nasty, drive slower and you won't keep getting flat tires   not to mention, learn how to change your own damn tires!!!"
is away from his mind   please leave a message and when his lucidity returns i will get back to you 
"don't push me, cause i'm close to the edge i'm trying not to lose my head  it's like a jungle sometimes, it makes me wonder how i keep from going under"
- now illegal in 46 states!
is making his cameo facebook appearance!!!
is not the droid you are looking for   
has a wicked farmer's tan - and it's still may 
likes champagne and beer   what's a budget?
won't settle for nothing later   
i dream    i dream of freedom! http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 384261?m=fa9bf6a0&bws=s
knows what goes around comes around   
is gonna go make a boat 
wants to go on vacation to mcmurdo station 
"has returned to this century of ours, and is amused "
"o, wonder!  how many goodly creatures are there here!  how beauteous mankind is!  o brave new world,  that has such people in't!"
"is wasting away in margaritaville     well, except for the alcohol, or the wasting   and no, a woman is not to blame "
is going to drink beer and eat dead animals   nuff said 
<propmale> smith vs  <propmale> smith - who will win?
"i just found out that one of my friends from high school got killed by a hit and run on the fdr drive this week    rest in peace, joydeep sarkar - you had a good soul and will be missed "
"shall strive to thrive, not just survive - for otherwise what's the point of being alive?"
": yeah i shot <propmale> raccoon, but he's the one who declared a showdown   "
"rain rain go away, i want the freakin game to play!  (wait a minute - since when does the nfl stop games for weather?)"
"likes the fall, but the wind blows dirt in his eyes   "
notes: these are trying times for us '80 babies; fear not - for the time of the metal monkeys is now 
note to self: ask how strong a beer is before drinking 8 of them 
"finally made it to the island today, was wondering if that would happen at all this year   "
wonders when the damn zombie apocalypse is finally gonna start?
needs independent wealth already 
is in a booth down by the river!
too much turkey    sleep now 
is going back on the road   his brain is squirming like a toad 
rest in peace <propmale> bachrach beyer   i love you grandpa!
la la how the life goes on   
"i tried to work today, did 1 run, then they sent me home   after coffee and breakfast, net loss to me is $1 "
life is about the little things   like visual confirmation that all of your toes are still attached to your feet 
"i call the super bowl now: steelers 23, packers 21  the fun part will be seeing what actually happens "
"i need dollars, dollars, dollars is what i need   "
i'm glad that terrorism has ended and cops can be free to go after the real criminals: bike riders 
"rain, rain, go away  don't come back "
"lord, give me the power to draft the players who can, let the other owners draft the players who can't, and the wisdom to know the difference "
"in honor of opening day, which is a few days away, please put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a mets fan  much like depression, being a mets fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously! there is no known cure for met-pression; sympathy or \bright-side\"" logic does not help  we can only raise awareness!"""
