c2f5939224f079f2c6639e7fa3ac94d7
going to the hometown for a quick visit!  can't wait to hit lake michigan!
don't want to go back to school      im already worrying about it 
my eye just swelled up like someone hit me   it's pretty gross   why do i have to get all the freaky eye issues?
"i wish i had 12 fingers instead of 10, then maybe i'd be really good at activities involving my hands   playing the piano, potter, football     maybe i would do some of these things if i had 12 fingers   or maybe not   who's to say?"
is wondering what else she can eat
"it may be cold, but i'm ready for some outdoor activities"
10 more days until mexico!  yeah!
2 more days until vacation!  whoohoo!
i loove to sneeze   why does it feel like that?
is super bad ass 
is going to see new <propfemale> on wednesday!  oh yeah!
"i know it just started being really cold, but i'm ready for some summer lovin'- \grease\"" style  (with <propfirst> of course)"""
going home to michigan- too much snow to miss again   can't wait to see my real old man  i call him paps 
"i bet a bunch of you didn't know this, but after playing a nasty game of risk, i am the new world leader"
"so, i'm thinking of become a supervillian   any suggestions?"
"this snow is pretty sweet   i played in it today- made a snow fort and tried to throw snowballs   good stuff, but might be better for snowcones   can eating snow hurt you?  pollutents and all     "
"i am so tired of snow cones   no more snow   i\ll eat dirt cones as long as we don\""t have any more snow!"""
it's time for      water balloons   frozen    
it's raining    crazy 
i had too many snow days and now    i want another one 
thinks it's time for a hair cut and wilderness adventures 
"wants to know:  has anyone seen the movie \gentlemen broncos?\""  i thought it was hilarious!  and wierd """
"i'm a driver, i'm a winner, things are going to change i can feel it "
its pretty nice out   jesus would have been pleased with the easter turn-out 
i have 5 days left of student teaching   let the countdown commence 
it is sooooooo nice outside!
i got a new job!
so i sneezed around 50 times yesterday and really wish i had documentation on it   it was amazing and i was super tired afterward   sneezing sure can take a lot out of you 
"<propfemale>'s wedding this weekend, canoeing the next!  it could only get better if <propfemale> got married in a canoe   at least i'd like it "
i'm going canoeing  i love nature!
"need to clean, but just can't get the gumption to do it     i'll eat cookies instead "
so i mowed the lawn with the bejankety mower and somehow managed to slice off an arm     or maybe just get a couple cuts from the <propfemale> bush 
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  i had an awesome birthday weekend   went out for kareoke on friday, where i refused to drink a shot of <propfirst> daniels and was ridiculed (<propfirst> k) and stood up for by loyal friends (thanks <propfemale>!)  and spent saturday kayaking the beautiful and crowded whitewater river   it was wonderful!"
"so- saturday night, i woke up when a bat had made his way into my room   i closed the doors, found a mop and a garbage bag and climbed on my bed   together, the cats and me managed to usher the bat downstairs, into the hall and out the front door   remember the episode of \the office\"" where <propmale> captures the bat using a bag over some woman's head?  two words for you:  \""you're welcome \"""""
4 more days till school starts   goodbye summer   i loved you   even if you were way too hot 
first week of school went alright   now i'm planning the second 
tired soooo tired
"i'm stuffed up, but ready to work!"
bad day   kids were negative   don't blame them   it's hot- its still summer!
going canoing and hanging with the family this weekend 
house hunting!  yeah!
so i was almost attacked by a dog today   i was really scared and i screamed all high pitch-like   i felt stupid and realized i should just punch that dog right in the teeth   now i wish i had   i really am not a big fan of dogs 
going to <propmale> if anyone's in the old neighborhood   i'll be there until friday   hit me up!  any old airforce buddies still there?
"back from d-town, colorado   had a great time!  now i'm looking forward to <propfemale>'s visit, blue shutters mini reunion and aruba in three weeks!"
it's a dark and spooky night   time for some blankets and some svu reruns!
yeah new glasses
"in honor of veterans day, i am posting my old military photo  although i may not always agree with the government or military action, i will honor those who fought and risked their lives   thanks veterans!"
leaving for a cruise on thursday!  just have to finish my lesson plans so my students are still getting their education!  whoo hoo!
"i'm back from my va-ca  i am not pleased with the weather, but i'm cuddling with the cats right now and it feels pretty good to be home   i could have stayed another week though "
"name this quote:  \it's wet ain't it?!  drink it!\"""""
"why do they keep changing facebook?!  i get used to it and bam! it's different   i guess that's life though huh?  chandler, if you see this, i just read your technology paper!"
"i just watched \love actually \""  sigh   i love christmas break!"""
"when i'm working, all i want is a few extra hours for sleeping   now that i have a holiday break from teaching, i'm not tired! i can't sleep!"
got back from spain and italy late last night   glad to be home but wasn't quite ready to leave!
