b72807a7ac40722cfb5b282f5b3d4900
"yeah, my grandkids are both coming to the house! i don't think they have been here at the same time yet   better start baby-proofing before they get here  smile "
"okay, should've remembered just how much work an 11 mo and 4 mo child are   will he ever slow down?"
"had a leak in my upstairs shower, now i have a leak in my upstairs bathroom   over an inch of water on the floor and all of it leaking into my kitchen (downstairs)   ugghh, can't so a lot about it but clean it up turn off the water upstairs and find the leak after work   may be time to remodel the upstairs bathroom after all "
"old dog with bad habits looking for a new home, preferably out of state cause i'm going out of my mind!"
"kids!?!  can't they just stay close to home (ok not too close)   saori heads to japan on the 17th, <propfirst> is going to alaska the 20th, stef to peru in late june, and re to reno the 21st of june   i'll have to change all my summer plans   "
"the yard was mowed last week, time to do it again   thinking i might try to do the front myself, hmmm might have use of my arm afterwards but will definitely know if i have to pay someone to do it this summer   half day at school, should give me plenty of time to finish raking the backyard "
"re is so excited  his best friend is coming over on friday to paint warhammer models with him  thanks, <propmale>! i need to learn something from him  i need to be excited when my best friend is 'coming over' and remember to be excited when <propfirst> gets home from work and has long weekends 'cause it is exciting to have your best friend over "
"a friend of mine posted this and i checked and sure enough it's true  \attention all friends: yet another thing fb is doing without warning us!!! your phone <propfirst> are listed for everyone to see  on the top right side of your screen, click account, then edit friends  on the left side, click on phonebook       make your friends aware their phone <propfirst> are    listed!!!!!!"
"five school days left  smile  that means i only have eight days to get report cards and award certificates finished  this end of the school year stuff is hard, time consuming and i'm ready to be on vacation   i may be worse than my students with the end-of-the-year-itise  can't wait to head to reno next week for a few days of r&r "
"happy birthday, sef   i love the beautiful woman you have become!\happy birthday <propfemale>!  grandma can't wait for you to get home  i miss you and mommy "
"teenagers should come equipped with their own chaufer allowing the parents to sleep in on the weekends!  of course, then we would have no reason to be 'mean' to them the rest of the day "
"the first full week of summer break! thursday or friday i'm heading to the reno area to visit (take care of) my mom and grandma for a month or so  i can't wait to get out of this cold, wet, dreary weather   it's been in the mid 50's for the last 3 days and shows no sign of summer coming "
"yeah,heading to reno area!!  just wish i didn't have to drive by myself (ok taking my son and dog    do either count since they can't drive?) it will be nice to get out of the rain for a while "
made it!!!  i'll be on more tomorrow 
"ok  i'm up and available   the router is on and i'm connected   being here has not been too stressful, yet   anyone know if the wind ever stops blowing here?  i feel like i've moved into a sand infested wind tunnel   mom is doing well and granny is doing fabulous   she had me take her to get her pedicure today, then walked around walmart for two hours, she may wake up tomorrow "
"my newest granddaughter is here!  <propfemale> was born at 5:44 am in alaska   she weighs 8 lbs 3 oz, and is 20 and a half inches   just saw the first pictures, looks like a chubby, blonde baby doll  ican't wait to hold her "
"hey daughters,  yes all of you!  i would love to have all of you come over for a bbq on the sunday before labor day   i think all of you will be back in the states and everyone needs to see the babies   saori, you too "
"finally,  i get to hold that new granddaughter this evening!  <propfirst> and she will be flying in to seattle this evening and i am so excited   i should've painted their room last week but nothing a little midnight oil last night couldn't fix   now the room is painted and i'm hauling furniture back into it, i'll be ready when they get here "
the motor in my washing machine went out! yuck   so <propfirst> called the place we bought it to have the motor replaced (find out how much this was going to cost) and the warranty is still in effect for another 18 days!  god is good!
who has the pics of just the seven of us? it may be the only one we have ever had or will ever get and i would love to have a copy of it 
"this is i love my sister week    if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this into your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever!      re-post if you have an amazing sister\(i have two a   mazing sisiters  smile "
"children with special needs only want what we all want, to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this & leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently    and those of us that love them all ?"
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran, know a veteran, love a veteran or support the troops"
"3yrs old: my mom is the best! 7 yrs old: mom, i love you  10 yrs old: mom whatever!! 17 yrs old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 yrs old: i wanna leave this house! 35 yrs old: i wanna go back to my mom's house  50 yrs old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 yrs old: i would give up    everything for my mom to be here with me   post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom  smile  mom     i love you !!!"
"just had to let those who want to know, my daughter's high school volleyball team made it to state finals where they took sixth!!  go girls!  by the way, she won a sportsmanship award while there   smile "
"spent christmas <propfemale> w john's family  drove all day christmas  spent sunday w my mom and both sisters   staying the week here in yerington, mom has surgery on wed and we head home on sunday "
