2c902cced7e3c0fb3ddcdc6479bd5473
has anyone out there gone on these pay you for your opinion survey sites?
well good night all i'm going to get some zzzzzzzzzzzzzz's
ahhh i love waking up to the sound of children arguing over video games    
im scanning photos from my wedding and its taking forever!!!!!!!!!!!!! and i have quadruple the amount of hawaii pix to do ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
omg best kid ever alert!!! my oldest just made me lunch- veggie chikn nuggets and fries with both ketchup and bbq    best kid ever 
i cant breath and my nose is stuffed 
say no to warts!
how much wood would a wood<propmale> <propmale> if a wood<propmale> could <propmale> wood?
if it smells like funk it must be us       we keep it stanky   
"rain rain don\t go away     i love the rain  a great excuse to be lazy    """
"\i'm sorry i wasn't paying attention\""       """
why do the things that are supposed to make life easier malfunction and cause insane stress?
"\if peeing your pants is cool consider me <propmale> davis \"""""
does anybody even read this?
"wants to say thank you for all my friends, whether i saw you today or 15 years ago, for keeping love for me in your heart "
is soooooooo happy that it's friday and that next week is my kid's spring break! yes!!!!
what a crappy day my happy friday ended up being  i dont even want to get out of bed today 
says ole!
this isnt as fun as it used to be  i guess im not popular enough  waaaaahhhhh
happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!  the one day its ok to drink the green beer!! be safe!!!
happy st <propfirst>'s hangover day!!!!
i have a feeling today is going to be a great day! i hope everyone has a great day!
ok friends lets go for great day number 2 ! let's appreciate what we already have and strive for what we don't
ahhh sunday!!!!
happy monday everone!!! only 5 days til the weekend!!
woohoo! rain again!
wednesday!!!! only today and 2 more days to get through til the weekend!!! sleeepppp!!!
interesting little known fact: as a child <propfirst> armstrong's family was so poor that whenever any of them were sick <propfirst>' mother would make a batch of homemade medicine    she collected all the cockroaches she could find in their <propfemale> home and stewed them for hours  she would then feed the children a teaspoonful each of the stewing liquid    tell your kids this story next time they don't want to take their medicine!!
tgif!!!!!!!! today's going to be a great day! i'm excited!
i'm making a cheesecake with  fresh strawberries and a mixed <propfirst> sauce    dont you wish you were here?    
"the cheesecake in all it\s <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"happy monday everyone!!! the sun is shining, birds are singing   when will this nightmare end!?!?!?!"
happy april fool's day!!!! or as i like to call it  my 31st birthday day1!!! yay!! now calm down  no need to run out and get me a gift   i accept cash!
woo hoo finally got my pineapple tattoo started! check out my pictures!!! after we put the color in you wont be able to see the heart thats in there  stay tuned for the final product!
i love to give my cat a bath and then watch him lick himself for the next hour 
my friends threw me a super fun birthday party that also included an egg hunt for the kids  it was so fun and i'm not dreading the upcoming week  amazing what a good eekend can do for you!
happy tuesday everyone!!!
"happy 26th birhtday to my partner in crime, <propmale> !!!!!!!!!"
thursday   almost there    c'mon weekend!!!!
thank god the family loves junk food   pizza night!!!! no cooking no cleaning for mommy!!!!
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sparky   5: loveable   6: too nice   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy 11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute   18: smart ass 19: bubbly  20: loyal
i finally got a new dishwasher!! its amazing  sleek and shiny and black  and works!!!! apartment living       
if you're happy and you know it give me a woop woop!!!!!!!
lovely sunday in tempe az   had a few drinks poolside while the kids were swimming   about to sit down to a nice dinner   life is good! have a good week everyone!!
monday monday monday monday   sucks!!!! i need more weekend! i need more sleep!!!!
happy tuesday everyone!
dont you hate when you're having a nice time somewhere and then stupid drunk tweekers take over?! they tell you there life story and their std status and you've only just met them    
thursday  they trickiest day of the week  it gives you hope for the weekend but then you realize you're still a few days away      
glorious friday!!!!!!!!
blah
sunday= pool + pizza       yay!!!
update: sunday= pool+ cereal  *small yeah*
monday   back to the daily grind     ugh   
happy 420 to those who celebrate!!!!!! happy tuesday to those who dont
today the weather is beautiful    very reminicent of maui       *tear*
nothing went as planned today  thank goodness its over 
"so after a horrible restless night im up to kids playing video games, my oldest playing black eyed peas waay too loud and my son getting his hand stuck in the closet, screaming  ugh  but on the bright side i get my pineapple tattoo finished tonight!"
yessss!!! got my tattoo finished!!!! will post pics when there's less blood    
look at my pineapple pleeeezzzz!
happy monday!!
if your happy and you know it   go away! your perkiness is not appreciated this early!!!
good night to all   see you in the am   sweet dreams   
shout out to <propmale> culler who kicks ass    literally   !!!!!
"congratulations to my baby girl cherryblossom, who graduate from preschool tonight!!!"
the weeeekkkkend!!!!!! finally   
i want to move out of this complex so badly it hurts  
happy monday!!!
good night everyone       see you in the am
"so i go to my favorite thrift store, <propfemale>'s, and but cherryblossom a \lilo\"" doll   she wiil not put it down and calls it nemo kai-lan! hahahaha   (only  the parents will get the humor in this  )"""
"had a wonderful day at the zoo with cherryblossom, <propfemale>, jania, <propfemale> and <propmale> !!!"
if you love bed time give me a woo woo!!!!
saturday!!!! whats everyone doing today tonight?
whats the sexxiest type of woman? a mama!!! happy mothers day all my beautiful mama friends!!
"took the kids to see iron man 2 yesterday: we had to sit waay up front, there was an elderly man who literally rolled down the stairs and spilled soda and popcorn in our row and we were nearly deaf from the surround sound    we had a great time!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
nice and breazy out  hope everyone has a great day!
happiness is whan you go on facebook and get a friend request from someone you lost track of years ago    yay!!!!!
shake shake shake    shake shake shake     shake your  ????     fill in the blank !!!
"cherryblossom says \mama i love you in that picture  (points to profile pic)  you look like you  so crazy!!\"""""
once again i have to thank my good friend <propmale> culler for a great day! i got to make a mold for a fuel tank for a <propmale> davidson!
happy saturday everyone   what's everyone doing today?
ahhh sunday   
tuesday  uh yeah i got nothin else   
wednesday! the week's halfway done! one week closer to summer vacation!! who's excited for summer?
"tonight i made dinner and served the kids and <propmale> and i went in the back room to talk and when we came out cherryblossom, with the help of big bro lucifer, made plates for her parents   they were picture perfect  so proud of my sweet sweet kids!"
r i p  lost       sad 
woot woot friday night on the last day of school!!!!! no  more alarm clock! heeelllllloooooo pool!!!!
yay sunday   going to <propfemale>'s for a bbq and pool and     no school tomorrow!!!!
the past 2 days have been the laziest of my life  so why am i not enjoying it?
got the most awesome crap at the goodwill today! love $1 day!
i am punch you in the face angry right now and i'm afraid i might hulk out on someone's asss
wooo weee it was  hot today! went swimming and layed out for about 15 minutes and i feel the burn! hope everyone had a great weekend!!
"punch in the face part 2: so today we are being lazy laying around, enjoying the morning and i realize that the bug man is coming and i have to clean the house because they will be here sometime between 9-5 smile 0   wtf!! now i have to wait here all day because of her bugs!!!! and then leave for 3 hours after they spray! punch!!!!!!!!"
i love how kids are soooo happy with the hose on a hot day    
mmmmmmm reese's pieces      
"puffarazzi pt 2         lucifer version  \ tell me that you love me boxer boxer boxer roxy\""     """
booboogoogoonookoopoopoo
hi everyone!!!! how you doin? what did you do this weekend??
going to the midnight premiere of the twilight saga: eclipse      tweeen lunacy!!!!!!!!!!
"hollla everyone!!!!!  (always wanted to say that)    how\s your week going? weekend plans?    """
wooo hoooo who's ready for the weekend?!?!?! whats everyone doing this weekend?
uuuggghhhh!!! clowns aare soooo creeeppy!!!!!
quick!!!  lock your door! the zombies are comi                                                                                            
nom nom nom nom>>>braaiiiinnnnsssss>>>nom nom nom>>>>
i've realized that most people suck                       
"so, i've spent the better part of an hour yelling at the kids to clean their room   because i'm cleaning mine, it needs to be done, i know it sucks but just do it and get it over with, etc, etc   when in reality im here on facebook,  *giggle giggle*"
what's up party people?! woop woop!!!!
"chicken pot, chicken pot, chicken pot pieeeee!!!!!"
nom nom nom brains!!!!!!! nom nom nom nom !!!!!!!!!
wooo hooo the rain finally came!  the kids and i played in the rain today; it was so fun!
zombie wants brains!!! nom nom nom  the brains of a freshly tattooed lady! nom nom nom   you know who you are!!!!!!! nom nom nom nom!!!!!!!!
"so i referred my friend to my ob gyn     when they asked how she heard about them she told them i referred her    the dr  says  \oh i love her   make sure you tell her i said hi\""          hmmmmmm    compliment? creepy? creepy compliment?      """
"why do i get friend requests from \hard core right wing\"" people ?        do these people think i have anything in common with them ?                    """
riot tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had an amazing time at otep last night! beautiful music made by beautiful people     extra thanks to <propmale> culler and <propfemale> wonderley and pirate arthur   extra special thanks to evil and <propmale> from otep for hanging out with us and being so cool   and also thanks to my security homies @ club red!!!!!!!   rise rebel resist!!!!!
mouth breathers       
ppp! ppp! ppp!       katrina knows       
i havent had my internet for over a month and sooo much has happened  i love how people forget you exist     
quit smoking 89 days ago! but gained 14 effing pounds!! wtf?! arent you supposed to loose weight when you stop having the munchies?      
how come when you have a cold when you wake up in the morning it feels like you're gonna die choking on your own snot?
its too early to be up!
i think im going crazy    
keep your fingers crossed for me! bugmen came today! peace the fuck out bedbugs!
i can not wait for the weekend  springbreak starts next week!
"after making dinner, doing dishes, throwing 3 loads in the washer and killing 4 roaches from my,ho-bag neighbor, i finally get to relax and take a shower   "
until my kid flushes and overflows the toilet so my bathroon is now a shit swamp      ahhhhhh! cant i get a break?! wtf!
so today my little guy gets a cyst removed from his eyebrow  im nervous  i call it his devil horn   
check out lucifer getting his cyst removed  of course my phone didnt upload in order but you can figure it out    beware gorey   
cherryblossom said the name of <propfemale> simpson's brother is bartina!
lesson of today: dont let your 12 year old trim your hair    sad 
sick in bed with a raging headache watching tombstone    i'm your huckleberry   sniffle sniffle cough   
hidilly ho neighborinos!
has this ever happened to you? got a beginners yoga video put it on and had to rewind thru the warm up 3x  screw you <propmale> <propfemale>! stupid manty wearing yogi   
wooohoop today i turn 29   for the 3rd year in a row!!!
a giant thank you to <propfemale> <propmale> for making my bday night soooo deck!  hahahaaa! i love you!
"thank you to <propfemale> <propmale>, big booty <propfemale>, tight shirt <propfirst>, g, and <propfemale> conaway for  an awesome 2nd night of bday debauchery     love  mc"
walking dead    nom nom nom!!!
