63a0607221477758357762080091cec3
has internet!
is still looking for a couch-type piece of furniture that can fit up the stairs to her apartment 
is listening to new <propfemale> 
is training in produce this month 
can hear someone getting their teeth drilled from her living room   annoyed 
"woke up this morning because she could hear something in her room  investigated, and found a pigeon on her desk  called the maintenance guy to get his ass moving on getting a screen for that window "
is napping  gonna be a zombie tomorrow 
has a couch!
is watching the chronicles of narnia with <propfemale> 
is watching planes from her couch 
is trying a chicken korma recipe 
has some cool people coming up tomorrow night 
is sparkling from the beach 
is hot-i-tot tot-tot 
's new favorite word is flocculence 
"is playing \find that smell\"" in the kitchen  is it the soggy bath mat in front of the leaky fridge? i hate this game """
's brain is rotting in her intro to electronic media class  why am i paying for this?
the flu does not cause avalanches 
is debating with herself 
is really excited for <propmale> and cheese 
"is having a couch day  lots of tea, some soup, lots of spacing out  i should get some homework done, but ugh "
needs to just freaking focus on homework 
just lost my phone on the bus or at the busstop  we'll see if someone turns it in 
misses her phone  facebook is pretty much the only way to contact me until tuesday or wednesday 
"ugh  facebook you suck! i don't have a phone, and you won't let me read what's in my inbox?"
is getting a big girl bed this weekend!
's bed is freaking huge!
one mission of many accomplished  my to-do list makes me want to <propmale> 
wants to know why this tiger woods drama is considered newsworthy 
is not enjoying salem's ocean breeze now that it is only 27 degrees out there  i need to invest in a ski mask 
cleaning and rearranging my life 
just doesn't care enough about this spanish exam 
is free!
crapola  fever over 100 and the shakes  i'm supposed to go home in two days   i don't want this 
going home for two weeks! way better than the 24 hours i had last time   smile 
"schnitzel, nap piles, board games, fireworks, dancing to the blue danube on the porch, really impressive fireworks, pancake soup and a decent handful of losers   smile  now, to travel 100 <propmale> to swampscott for a 4-hour shift before   vacation!"
comfortable  bodies  go!
can never find matching socks 
"ugh  five classes back-to-back, followed by five hours behind the seafood counter  bed time "
is not a fan of ironing 
is beat 
woo 40 degrees today! going for a walk 
wasn't so disappointed about the lack of snow day after she got outside  it's beautiful!
rrargh   taxes are fun 
 laugh 
"got out of bio lab early, so is off to work   smile "
"\it's just a piece of apple   \"""""
is looking for a time machine  i'll just skip the end of the semester and wake up with everything done   smile 
had both morning classes cancelled on a day where it took an extra hour to get to class  could have slept another four hours  fml
where are all the rainbows? *is confused*
"is hovering by the window, waiting for the fedex truck "
computaaaah!
breathe in   breathe out 
*cleans grey matter out of keyboard with q-tip*
"facebook is spazzing out  also, is it nap time yet?"
*sniffle* damn trees   
is e playful laining the complexities of a nap-pile instead of coding 
awake?
wonders if anyone has an extra mp3 player lying around  mine didn't survive the damage from it's iced tea bath 
class day two then off to the beach!
"\woah! is that a turtle? that turtle is off the chain!\"""""
should have just slept in the computer lab  done in 9 5 hours 
is packing  we get keys tomorrow and will be officially moved in on tuesday   laugh 
is taking her furniture apart 
"so tired! back to work again for 8 smile 0, then more moving     smile "
hates the last few things left in the old apartment 
smells like sunscreen and potting soil  yay summer!
is tired of dramatic temperature changes 
angry  smash indesign  grrr 
"two summer courses down, one more to go "
mmmm    fresh <propmale> and mozzarella   
so excited to be able to sleep in past 5!  laugh 
had her first fresh young coconut   and didn't cut herself getting it open  smile 
is sweating 
is trying to figure out if her class cancellation is a blessing or just a huge pain in the ass 
so many losers visiting! so glad i kept my time off!
big waves + good people + pouring rain = an awesomely exhausting day
is not a fan of waking to the sounds of sunday morning trash pick up 
"is not a fan of waking to the sound of *monday morning trash pick ups, or her inability to delete a facebook status update with her ipod "
out of work at 10   back in 8 hours later  wheee!
"is looking for a third roommate for her awesome salem apartment  $350 month + utilities  if you or anybody you know might be interested, please get in touch   smile "
is not looking forward to dreaming of catfish nuggets     sad 
"\why is this bologna so   wet?\"""""
"my roommate and i are looking for a third person to live in our apartment  $350 a month plus utilities  walking distance to campus, downtown, and public transportation  send a message if you or someone you know would like more info "
<propmale> does not like cinnamon rolls   now i need two new roommates 
"worked from 9 to 9 \ x_x"
<propfemale> bride and chocolatey badness  smile 
panera chicken noodle soup does not go well with lemonade   
is exhausted   and still full from <propfirst>'s   smile 
is going to spend almost all of her time on campus in this one room 
misses breathing  kill all the ragweed!
uh-oh   spaghetti o's!
"mr  pizzuto's class, 8th grade "
has so much homework she can't work on  here's hoping the cs5 trial doesn't destroy my laptop   
"is a zombie already   class 'til 2, work 'til 11   "
shoelaces are probably the most exciting things ever 
mmmm   aluminum siding   
"came home to ridiculous giggling, was asked to step back into the hall for a minute, and reentered to lemon squares fresh from the oven  love you ladies!"
thanks so much for all of the birthday wishes!
loves last minute customers when she's trying to close the deli   
i got my feet on the ground and i don't go to sleep to dream
avalanche!!!
is living in meier hall again   sad 
this <propmale> and cheese is beautiful   smile 
it means you're a baboon    and i'm not 
has a functional version of cs5 on her laptop!  laugh 
"down, chalupa!"
has no attention span  want to do my homework?
"\where's your mouse on a stick?\"""""
"is looking for a roommate for our third bedroom  walk-in closet, parking, private laundry in basement, decent neighborhood  walking distance to train station and campus  $350 plus a third of utilities "
"is overwhelmed by deadlines  so it's obviously time to go do things entirely unrelated to any of them, right?"
is focusing on her homework  obviously 
is hoping that she's only getting migraines because she's low on sleep and high on stress 
is fighting her senioritis 
froccoli barts!
is hoping the homework <propfemale> visits tonight  *fingers crossed*
change your profile picture to your favorite character from when you were a kid  the goal of this game is to see an invasion of childhood memories on facebook 
there is nothing sexier than a man with a vacuum cleaner 
the cooking begins   
i have cake so good i have to hide it in my underwear drawer
is fighting fonts 
is watching rocko's modern life right-side up   smile 
"there's a \delicate burst\"" of peppermint <propfemale> on my white chocolate covered pretzels """
"is done with the easiest of four classes  hey, it's something   "
"is done with classes, but still has a pile of work to do by tuesday morning   smile   sad "
omg wheee!
sucks when your balls drag in the snow   
"seven more hours as sample lady, then cocoa, gift wrapping, and invader zim   smile "
"in a time of ancient gods, warlords, and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero   "
is deciding whether or not a walk is worth the effort  sidewalks? try snowbanks 
"cheese bazaar all morning, then slowly making my way home  who wants to pick me up from providence?"
is still recovering from the most ridiculous deli tuesday  sunday busy on a weeknight  x_x huge thanks to <propmale> mcdonald for helping out 
is not entirely sure why this episode of the angry beavers is in spanish   
slush puddles all the way to and from campus  i'm not fond of the ones with deceptively solid looking islands in the middle 
found the edge of her desk with her forehead  twice 
what's this? a day off?
shoveling in the short break between rain and temperatures below freezing     annoyed 
<propfemale> is crying for me to go to bed  i think i should listen to <propfemale> reason 
google is beautiful today  check it out 
<propfemale> just fell into the toilet   laugh  it's the little things   
"\it's like a flavor party in my mouth \"""""
"we've pissed on far too many sprites, and they're all standing up for their rights "
damn phantom tickets   *grumble*
"my friends have multiplied? thanks, facebook "
mmm: spaghetti squash and apple chicken sausage   smile 
"is singing along to brand new, pretending to do research for her paper  jstor is not cooperating   annoyed "
waaa   senioritis!
"you know it's an unpleasant paper when you decide to work on your tax amendment instead  woo for productively procrastinating  there's still time for me to clean my room, right?"
