88927b7ffbf0bed93f28a47da25f6c63
"i get mad when i dont get first, second, or third in track  someday i will beat my time "
got back home from a track meet  almost passed out in the 600  i will get first place someday 
got home from a track meet  almost passed out in the 600  i will get first place someday 
cant think of anything else but track  first place will be mine someday 
"i have 2 say that i absolutely love running  but one thing, stupid track meet next monday  the championship thats whats next week "
good luck to those who are competing at yale tomorrow  hope u guys do well 
i hate math  yuck!
i hate math yuck!
track meet  did really bad in the 1000  i hate the 1000 
hopefully  ill ace that global midterm
hates school
"<propfemale> bored,nothing to do"
cant wait to get my permit this summer!
still hates school
going to rochester for the weekend
track practice tomorrow  sad 
tired
bored  sick 
sick  still bored
track practice at 3
scrimmage today
not looking forward going back to school  having to deal with stupid tests and waking up early and having to go through the warzones of people blocking up the hallways when trying to get by
track meet against east in two days  they're going down!
its my birthday  turning 17 on friday!
thanks for all the happy birthdays!!
"won against williamsville east in the cold,rain  pr in the 1500!"
track meet invitational at williamsville north tomorrow  hopefully to get another pr 
west track & field  smile 
can't wait for the summertime to begin!
outdoor track banquet today
no exam tomorrow! hopefully no summer school  this summer is gonna be a blast hanging out with my best friends-track friends every day!
math exam today 
two more weeks to go to ohio!
"dont have to go to summer school all summer!! just review clasess in august  still cant wait for ohio but also, hanging out with my best friends-track friends!"
is bored
four more days till ohio!!!! cant wait!!!
having fun in ohio
cross country practice tomorrow
i love running in the rain and through mud- especailly during cross country meets
went running at the ridge today  sprained my ankle while running so fast down a hill  but good thing is no broken bones smile 
hmmmm  im wondering if i should stick with running or go back to doing karate 
three more weeks till xc camp!
i'm still deciding if i should go back to karate  maybe in a few weeks or so and probably quit running? i don't know
"three more days till school - ugh! i wish summer could be alot longer  another thing, three more days till we run against east, on the first day of school  oh boy  im not ready to run "
cross country meet tomorrow
cross country invitational tomorrow at west's own course
four days!!!!
leaving to go to pawling tomorrow for the overnighter
cross country invite tomorrow
cross country meet at orchard park tomorrow at 4:45 pm
good job west xc
ecic's tomorrow
so mad that i didnt pr in ecic's
i miss summer!!
"cross country banquet tomorrow, then first practice of indoor track the next day"
indoor track today!!
"glad to have a snow day, hopefully another one tomorrow  this weather is crazy"
so bored  just feel like i want to do nothing for the rest of the weekend  im ready to delete some of my best friends that are pissing me off
im sick of my life  only thing i really like is running and my family and my second cousins!
"school is <propfemale> boring  except that i was laughing so hard of the first few classes,other than that,my life is <propfemale> stupid and dumb"
track meet tomorrow
track meet today
did good in the thousand  so glad i got a pr
ran the 3000 today at fredonia
sick today  sooo bored
probably goin out for a run and a long distance bike ride this weekend
truth is   
actions speak louder than words  its not right to be mean to people that you dont necessarily like
couple more weeks till outdoor track
counting down how many days to when outdoor track starts  cant wait for first practice!!
"first day of outdoor track tomorrow and after that, indoor track banquet"
track meet on tuesday against springville at west's own track @ 4 surprise 0  then on friday track meet against east at west's track at 4 smile 0 this week
i hate track meet blizzards
