48485d943cf50c878a6a3ee7862a4950
international banking is a nightmare! ----ugh  annoyed 
ugh  annoyed 
i'm sick      annoyed 
"it's finally morning o,o   bleh "
"wow, my neighbor's house just burned  fire department and police are everywhere  time to make my own fire escape plan  a lot of things keep happening "
and apparently it's arson   we can hear the firefighters and police outside  they're pulled up in the yard afterall 
ugh    i'm just going to bed and pretending i'm not sick and there aren't police and bright flashing lights everywhere and the world is at peace  for at least 8 hours i'll be stress free  *takes another hydrocodone*
"can i have just one uneventful week? please? o,o     took mom to the emergency room last night  she had a heart attack "
"mom is having open-heart surgery tomorrow at noon at vanderbilt, and i am running a fever of a 102 now       annoyed "
"well, mom had a 3rd heart attack last night   annoyed  she's on her way from umc to st  <propfirst> now  we were definitely not taking her back to vanderbilt "
"ugh   i'm tired of vomiting now  seriously     it can stop anytime now  o,o    "
yay! i've stopped vomiting!  smile  i can eat finally!
"i need paned windows and aged bricks in farmville  if anyone can gift these, i'd much appreciate it   smile "
"farmville neighbors: i'm looking for paned windows, aged bricks, and slate tiles for my maison  i can gift the vines and the weathered boards if anyone needs them "
"it's friday ya'll!  smile   and i'm off work early!  laugh  farmville neighbors: i'm looking for paned windows, aged bricks, and slate tiles for my maison  i can gift the vines and the weathered boards if anyone needs them "
i'm sick of being sick  annoyed 
"i sooo need to get more organized  >,<"
this day sucks
this cold needs to go! so does the funky voice that comes with it! seriously  it has been a week now  the joke is over  you can take it away now  come on don't make me beg! lol      i can only eat so many cough drops before i give into my insanity  it's amazing i've kept it at bay for this long!  laugh 
"i am going to kill this m----- f------ cat!!!! he has shit on my artwork! he has literally left a huge stinking ass pile on top of it! it is like he has had a personal vendetta against me since i moved in over here! what pisses me off even more is that as i woke up and caught him in the act, he runs like a scaredy cat and finishes in the litter box!!!!!"
well my car rolled over and died today    the crack in the head gasket blew open again  looks like i'm going to be getting a new car soon ya'll!
i'm making cascarones today!   smile 
is tired of       
wow    this flooding is baaaaad 
i need to hire someone to knock me upside the head with a blunt object at 11 surprise 0pm each night  any takers? i suppose i could just try closing the laptop and putting away the markers and closing my eyes  lol
my head hurts     
has a headache that just won't go away   
had fun at the zoo today   shall upload some pictures tomorrow   smile 
i hate my life
these headaches have got to stop    seriously   annoyed 
tylenol pm actually works!  smile 
is contemplating moving to a colder climate  canada sounds good  or maybe greenland  somewhere that doesn't feel like hell 
"okay, i'm thinking it's about time i see a doctor about these headaches before i go crazy   annoyed   i'm convinced they're stess related "
is tired
necesita <propfemale> escape de <propfemale> 
"you know i might actually play farmville more if i could do anything without having to reload all the time  i'm so sick of out of sync errors after you have harvested your crops, trees or animals  error! reload the <propfemale> and it turns out that you haven't done anything at all! yay! i'd also like to be able to click on my buildings to harvest without having to reload the <propfemale> because the game decided to \freeze\"" on me """
"dear lord give me the strength of mind to find some separation from my family because if i do not escape soon, i may just simply disappear  days like today, i just want to get in my car and keep driving until i run out of gas and money "
"dear lord, i pray that you bless me with the strength of mind to accomplish the tasks that lay before me this week  i believe that through you i can accomplish anything, and without you by my side, i will surely fail  bless my body, mind and spirit please lord that i may have at least one work day this week where i do not feel exhausted both mentally and physically at the end of the day  in yeshua's name i pray "
ugh   i got sick from the rain last night   annoyed 
"my sleep schedule is so outta whack   ( annoyed )  i fell asleep when i got home from work  so, now i cannot sleep "
"got my car back      got the <propmale>, too  oh well, it could be worse "
"ugh   i'm so tired of these headaches    (-,_)  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
can't sleep
"ugh   acetaminophen has its limitations, and i'm testing them   annoyed "
"pray for my grandmother please  her aneurysm has blown out, and she is bleeding internally  she has to have emergency surgery tonight at vanderbilt  it's not looking good  she has a blood disorder that makes surgery very difficult  please pray with me tonight "
"change\ your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to \not see a human face on fb til` monday, december 6th  join the fiqht \aqainst child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite \friends to do the same "
is tired of being single!  annoyed 
is cleaning house 
" annoyed  \can't i just go back to sleep? itz too cold!!!\"""""
"it's a new <propfemale>  it's a new day  it's a new life for me!\(sunshine morning <propfirst> is scary) mwahahahaha! lol"
i had a really good time tonight    smile 
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas! let it snow! let it snow! let it snow!
electric blanket     oh yeah!  smile 
what do ya know   the <propfemale> can go in da snow! lol
"what happened to the good ole days when you filled out a paper application for employment and it only took maybe 30 minutes tops  why does it take at least an hour to do one online these days, and why can't these people state which browsers and operating systems will not display the application correctly throughout the entire application "
"i really need to find a way to actually fall asleep  (ó,ò)"
white christmas ya'll!  laugh 
tick tock tick tock tick tock the days 2010 are numbered! =}
"well, for those that don't already know  i'm joining the national guard  i just took the asvab today  it was totally une playful ected  i was going to do it next week but my recruiter asked me this morning if i'd like to take it today  i did, and i'm glad it's over  i did well actually  my afqt score is an 81!   smile "
"i wish i didn't \need\"" to work today lol   or at least if i could loose the stuffy nose  ugh """
"you know i'd be dangerous if i learn to focus on one problem at a time  my brain just won't shut up  i keep going off on random tangents over and over again, random thoughts  it's like walking out on the branches of a tree until i fall flat on my ass and realize i'm nowhere near where i wanted to be, and now i've wasted an hour of my life   annoyed  i just need to tell myself to shut up! lol"
i need a vacation      alone!
i want to be left alone!
ugh    i can't sleep 
"*sigh* -,-#"
"i'm just tired    mentally, physically and emotionally  on the bright side   i'm down to 183 lbs now   annoyed "
"my vision waiver is supposed to come back tomorrow  so, i'm going down to meps on thursday to enlist as an e4!  smile "
"apparently the military is lowering their maximum recruiting age from 42 to 35  the new regulations begin on friday, which means i can't get a spot to go process at meps tomorrow because everyone who is over 35 and is waiting on a waiver has to process tomorrow    i have to wait until next week sometime    annoyed "
it's going to be a fun day  i don't understand why i'm cursed with my family 
"monday     yep definitely monday    -,- *yawn*"
