f96758219c5b53d5f552401b61a3efa6
i am not of this world and science cannot e playful laine me  i will transcend death  this body will not contain me 
"maylene and the sons of disaster\s new cd iii is awesome!!! probably the best so far!"""
"this is your generation, your world, your turn  what are you going to do with it?"
"'i'll take back everything if you stand by my side, cuz im told the river went dry '"
"back from facebook hiatus, listening to skillet's new cd, and relaxing from a 10 day work week  life has never felt so great!!"
"life is like a box of chocolates, every once and a while you will get a piece that is great   other than that the rest is crap  playful "
"2 cor 6:16- for ye are the <propfemale> of the living god; as god hath said, i will dwell in them, and walk in them and i will be their god, and they shall be my people "
another morning chasing lies  after another evening chasing skies  so make tonight my reality  so tomorrow i remember everything  why do i feel like i'm slipping away  why do i feel so far away  wake me up inside my dreams  just in time for me to believe
keep up the spirits and remember that one person can make a change in life  it can come in something simple or more complex  it doesn't matter 
skillet's new video for their song monster is amazing!
i will never forget!
"c'mon pats, lets do this thing!!"
"wow, that is all i can say  what a great nail biter game  pats win it 25-24 "
"sweetness, i just ordered tedashii- identity crisis  cant wait till i can listen to make war and 26's  laugh "
red leaves blow in the wind--leaving home and everything it's known behind barren branches wave goodbye--as the red leaves slowly die--every flower stares and watches--as the wind takes me away--before the sun shone upon me--now the wind takes me away--red leaves falling--through the branches--making their way to the ground--blowing by the flowers sleeping no one knows the leaves are leaving
one day the <propmale> of <propmale>s will put him in an endless pit-and lock it up tight for a thousand years-the <propfemale> and <propfemale> will begin his reign on earth-and crushing into pieces ancient fears-he'll receive all <propfemale> high upon his mighty throne-all nations bowing down in reverent praise-tears of joy and laughter will be our new place and home-our enemy is doomed in a firey blaze!
"im playing the mcdonalds monopoly thing, so if you want to help out than send your codes or pieces my way, i will give you a cut of the prize if win  playful "
these past 2 days have been very relaxing  laugh 
well the purpose within me  oh how it burns so fervently  cause all i want and all i need is for you to give to me  a heart for those who need to know how much you care  i can see the hurting coming everyday searching for the answer  well i just need you to burden me
anyone need mcdonald's monopoly pieces? i have a ton of extras 
way to go pats! 59-0 over titans  hopefully <propmale> will stay consistant as well as the recievers and defence 
"sweet, my hdtv is also my computer screen  laugh   i can get used to this!"
"after readinig many consumer and professional reports, i am indeed getting an alpine over a pioneer when i get my car"
i want this but in black sand <propfemale> http annoyed  www scion com # laugh _photoscolors_360
watching the rest of ufc 100 than going to watch taken  smile  off tomorrow than interview for hulihans on monday  smile  thank you lord!!
"havbe a real busy week ahead of me, today i will turn in an application and resume to efacec and mcdonalds (management), than hanging out with friends, sunday work, monday interview at hulihans, work rest of week  laugh  "
"have a real busy week ahead of me, today i will turn in an application and resume to efacec and mcdonalds (management), than hanging out with friends, sunday work, monday interview at hulihans, work rest of week  laugh  "
off tomorrow  no i am not doing anything with any one  staying home and relaxing  playful 
"i love this song, it is very beatutiful and soothing when you want to unwind from the day  http annoyed  www playlist com playlist 18420321803 standalone"
wooo!!! cant wait! almost 20  i dont feel that old  i always say i am 17 for some reason  playful 
thank you everyone for the b-day wishes  had a nice day 
"we've got the fire, who's got the matches-take a look around at the sea of masks-and come one, come all-welcome to the grand ball-where the strong run for cover-and the weak stand tall-i'm not one to scatter ashes-but there's some things that'll melt the plastic-try and dig down deeper if you can-tfk"
fear itself is just another weak-minded solution
anyone want to do anything friday?
woot
"ran the production floor today, it was actually pretty fun     tough but fun    "
"oh lord, <propfemale>'s illegal  am i in trouble?"
i think i just sold <propfemale> to <propfirst> for $900 and a twinkie
finally fixed my necholas with an old piece of a bracelet link  gotta love my creative thinking  smile 
smile away  smile 
some people's definition of fun is confusing to me 
looking at http annoyed  www autotrader com dealers dda detail jsp?ct=u&car_id=277707023&dealer_id=100005186&car_year=2003&dealership_view_name=null&num_records=100&model=&start_year=&search_type=&make=&min_price=&sort_type=priceasc&end_year=&max_price=&cardist=0
going down to keller's auto market to see about getting me one of them there cars 
"so how about this morning, work said i was off, than they called me at 4 asking where i was? wth is going on??"
"so how about this morning, work said i was off, than they called me at 4 asking where i was? wth is going on??"
"\keep up the spirits and remember that one person can make a change in life  it can come in something simple or more complex  it doesn't matter \"""""
bought me a brand new 2009 toyota yaris  its a beauty 
"fret not what you see in minutes, for the outcome in months will be worth it "
"i just got off  i love those 4am-2pm shifts, not "
kinda down right now   
"thinks i should have hit the deer, the ditch messed up my entire front end "
"don't know that i will but until i can find me\a girl who'll stay and won't play games behind me\i'll be what i am\a solitary man\a solitary man"
"went to put my car in the shop, picked up a rental, hit up the gym, looked at job offers, now relaxing at home  man what a day, only one thing would make it 10x better "
is it sad that the rental is better than my car in the shop?
i hate it when you are having a good sleep and someone wakes you up for no reason 
"thats all i needed to know, its over "
no
"i think i just fucked everyting up for the worse  all i can do is say im sorry,  can you forgive me?"
"whats in the past is done and over with  just focus on the now, and how you learn from the past to better your future  i am ashamed of alot of things, some big some small, but i will learn and strengthen from it "
its called facebook relationship status   i swear its out to get us  lol
cant sleep tonight either  sad 
"my good friend and sponsor is throwing a mona*vie tasting party at her house, thursday night at around 7 smile 0  let me know if you want to go to get involved in a great opportunity "
my good friend and sponsor is throwing a mova*vie tasting party thursday at 7 smile 0  if you are interested in attending let me know  i can provide a ride if needed 
my best friend just said i would make a good cop  any thoughts?
religion sucks
"hmmm   need to be up at 3, yet cant seem to fall asleep  this is brutal"
"sooooo, whats up??"
"cant wait till i get my check on friday   after bills i am buying war of ages: eternal  such a great and insperational band that has their facts straight, not to mention the nice metalcore beat to go along with it, so excited  laugh  "
"took some codine around 10, been sleeping ever since "
"wow! what a great meeting, i cant wait till i can go again! pumped up, mona¤vie has blessed me with great friends i can call family  smile  "
"i am sick and tired of being sick and tired  im tired of being poor, im tired of working at a crappy job, im tired of living paycheck to paycheck, tired of being treated like 2nd grade trash, and most of all, tired of some certain people "
"popped 2 codine pills, this is going to be a great sleep!"
"cant wait to get my car tomorrow, i think its been over a month since its hit the shop  bought trip <propfirst>'s new cd and going to jam hard!"
"soooo    not getting my car till friday, grr   its been over a month now!"
"well, tomorrow sounds promising enough!"
"<propmale> out with my jamecan friends tonight, man, they are crazy!"
"in life you must find something worth fighting for, no matter how big or small, for without it you will truly perish "
"cant wait till i get my monavie emv and (m)mun in, really interested in how they taste "
"really tired, i wish this inspection would hurry up, these 4-2, 10 hour shifts are killing me "
"fri and sat off, yeah!!"
time to go to sleep and wake up at 3am for work  annoyed \  cant wait till friday 
"i could write a book about everything i have been through in my life, the scary thing about it is i still have so much more to go "
"cant wait, ufc tonight at hooters! anyone game?"
<propmale> won in round 2 by tapping carwin out
"eh, you win some you lose some "
"tired, about to go to sleep  might hit up \splash\"" with some peeps tomorrow """
"just got back from the gym, im out of shape, lol "
"wow, you never know how much you take life for granted until one of your friends die, than you stop and think  rip <propfirst>, you will be missed :["
"im getting paid to go to splash at the boro tomorrow! i love my job now, lol "
"had a nice and relaxing day today  splash at the boro, free meal at <propfemale> tuesdays, and lastly <propmale> out at a special persons house   good times "
i just dont get it anymore   
"when i am upset, there is nothing better than haste the day's song autum"
"before go to disturbe this moment, i look to you  i want to say a prayer, before my feet can hit the ground  lord i give this day to you  its a brand new day, its a new beginning "
i love my job and my supervisers  they look out for me so much!
"so doc gave me steroids and vicadin to last a couple of days, out of work till sun or monday depending of the follow up x-ray and ct scan  hope everything goes well "
"the doc must have given me some sort of merical pill or something cuz i am feeling much better, still feel the pnuemo, but not as bad  laugh  "
"wow, church was great! i got to see the new house we are moving into at the end of the month, not to shabby  smile   hopefully i can move out on my own not to long from now "
"thinking about taco <propfemale> with <propfirst> and <propfemale>, but i dont know"
"going to help my grandpa out by taking his dogs to the vet  after that i have to call the docs again to try to get a release to work form, yay!"
"sooooo, how bout 6 more texts till i reach 3,000 in my inbox "
"some truths are a sigh of relief, some a painful scar, and some a celebration of happiness, all of which remind us of the simple reality we call life "
had a great night! me and <propfemale> went bowling then went back to her house and watched a movie  smile 
"as they sit in the streets, angry as the time flies by, ignorant of the god they truly deny  thier rein will soon be at a hault, as he will destroy all who is at fault "
im happy  smile  ahahaha ^ ^
"so i found out some stuff, not to ammused"
"today went fairly well, going to the doc's tomorrow, hope he gives me some good news "
"sometimes, as flesh, when we look at the now, we fail to realize that god is putting us through this for a reason  the now may suck, but when the hell is over we can take a breather "
"cant sleep, too much on my mind "
"after years of rushing through life and the drama that comes with it, we must take a rest, a simple walk in a nice park to relieve your stress and help you recharge   yeah, that'll do the trick "
"sooo, i went to work today and my supervisor told me i have management class next monday  i was like, cool  than he handed me 3 books and sayed to study up, i was like  crap "
"ugh, finally done with the move  i am dead tired now x_x"
"wow, this manager thing is really fun yet tiring  the money and free meals are an ok touch  smile  "
i went for a walk today and saw a cute girl  i can get used to this neiborhood ^ ^
"ugh, sooo bored  no gas to go anywhere, no money to do anything   "
i hate when  people put on a front around me  if you have something you did behind my back than tell me  or are you too afraid??
"\i could never stay mad at you\"" actually means \""cross me & i will drop you like an at&t call \"""""
"going to work, than, who knows where the wind will take me "
i dont know what to believe anymore 
"for a certain few, <propfirst> 6:14 and 15  for if you forgve men their trespasses, your heavenly faher will also forgive you, but if ye forgive not their trespsses, neither will your father forgive you your trespasses "
"ready for the 2 longest workdays of the week, sunday 10am-7pm and monday 4am-2pm "
enjoyin a nice cup of oreo mcflurry
could boredome get any more boring?
"good night friends and fam, tomorrow is a new day  gots to wake upo and make me some green, than who knows where the world will take me "
nothing like reading my bible and eating a big bowl of ice cream  playful 
"girl, dont be hate'n "
we were given: two hands to hold  to legs to walk  two eyes to see  two ears to listen  but why only one heart? because the other was given to someone else  for us to find 
umm  chea
sleeeeepp  sad 
"going to <propfirst> <propmale> at 12 for a monavie meeting, if you want to come, give me a call  anyone and everyone is welcome "
"if i told you i would give you 1 million dollars to jump out of an airplane with no parachute, would you?"
"tired, going to bed, night peeps "
"monavie tasting party went great!! have a sign-up to do tomorrow, than going to talk to his father and paster  good week  smile "
"my friend at work is trying to hook me up wth his friend  lol, she sounds nice  smile "
blah!!
"went to work at 4 am yesturday, got off at 330 pm went to bed at 5 didnt wake up till now, 6 am  that was the best 13 hour sleep ever! time to catch some more hours  wink "
"i wish i was free  oh well, soon enough i guess "
"i need to find a better tone to wake up to, i really want to go back to sleep "
"sometimes we see the things thrown our way, other times we dont  its not only what you do with it, that matters, but also how you react to it "
"bsm class in the morning  ugh, kill me "
"i think its funny how most people label me as something before they even know me  example, i work at mcdonalds so i must be stupid  um wrong  how? i probably get better benifits and get payed alot better than most  plus the owner controls 12 stores along 95 and all around <propfemale> "
"high ho high ho, its off to work i go  can anyone say overtime this week? i can, overtime!!  laugh "
"\intelligence plus character- that is the goal of true education \"""""
i want to get a big bowl of trix and eat it half asleep right now  playful 
"if you know 912-272-3599 let me know who it is  punks woke me up at 1 am and just <propmale> up! im pissy right now, no one should do that "
"having class is like having a day off, except im at hq and not at home  sad "
"wow, i am going to love my overtime fat check next friday  laugh   the sleep deprevation is a <propmale> bummer though "
"going to sleep, just to wake up at 3 to be in at work on my day off, lol, the life of a manager is nice "
"tired, tired ,tired"
gotta love raisin bran crunch late at night
time to chillax
"my fingers feel like they are all locked up, especially my pinky   stupid pinky"
"as i lay down to sleep, time will pass, the sun will rise, my day will start anew  no drama or care from the day before will effect my outlook or mood "
"$85 dollars for running a red light?? lol i didnt even see the light b c i was turning left, behind an 18 wheeler  oh well  what can you do, cops always right, right??"
"recieved my manager's uniform today!! im <propfemale> happy, now i am an official manager, plus the store is looking good  playful "
im always on the lookout for better paying jobs  if you know of a job paying more than 8 75 let me know  smile   kinda want out of retail restaurant biz 
"if someone set you up and had you put in jail, which you later recieved the death penalty, would you forgive them?"
"the reason why the church has no power like it use to, and people have no true fear in god, is because when we were young, they tought us how to be religious, and not how to be relatious  its not about being a babtist or catholic, its about knowing jesus, and building up your relationship with him  disect the bible, and you'll find the meaning of being a true christian!"
"wow, what a day, what a day"
"time for bed, work in the am  playful "
103 kickoff return to start the 2nd half off!! yeah <propmale>!!
"kickoff return for a td, than a punt blocked, and a rushing td   all in less than 3 minutes into the 3rd!"
what a second half! 41-14 final  pats pumble dolphins
"class 2 of bsm this morning, all i can say is 630 is waayyy to early to catch breakfast > >"
recieved my bsm diploma  laugh 
excited because im excited about being excited 
"so i must have a pretty bad virus, i did a avg scan but still cant get online  i am going to have to set it to manufactured settings  sad "
"my computer is dead, rest in peace  sad "
i love you  laugh 
anyone know how to uncompress a ntsf file for a computer??
"ok, so my computer is back from the dead   dont ask how   but it says that it is incapable of internet "
"good times?? no, great times!!"
"sooo, yeah  i just realized i am the only male manager at my store  annoyed   to many females make for a headache  "
had one of the best dreams i have had in  a long long time  wish i could get back to it 
why do people hate the patriots so much?? is it cuz they can find a way to win even will no name talents or is it b c they have been afc east champions 11 out of 13 times??
"why cant i sleep, i have to be up at 3am and not remotely tired >,>"
i love being who i am and not ashamed  not going to change for a girl or friends  im me and thats that  sorry for giving you false hope on your ideas of what you want me to be 
woot  yet another 4am shift on a 6 day work week  im ready for payday 
sleeeeep  cant wait till friday  only a 630-230 shift is in my way till payday and my only day off   
thinking i need a haircut 
so dont want the water park to open up next summer 
did i miss something important??
so my phone is back up  bout time 
getting a dog  smile 
that was a nice christmas party i guess 
loves the hypocrocy this time of year   no not really 
work was worse than anything i could ever imagine  atleast the pats clinch afc home field advantage; one great note on a crappy day 
"almost 21  fatigued, drained, mentally and physically pooped, and still cant go to sleep  have to be up at 3am for work also "
"next week, jets at pats  should be a good showdown  cant wait "
"next week, jets at pats  should be a good showdown  cant wait "
"i love being a hired assassin  im 1 with the shadows, a deadly jacky <propfemale> type of figure "
"dont feel like work today  trying to get a job detailing air planes, hope i get it "
2 4am shifts here i come!
uncle <propfirst>'s sour cream and onion flavored chips are amazing
"what a day, what a day, what a day "
"getting my taxes done, waiting in the lobby   fun "
17 and a half hour work day [7am-12am]  ugh  tired 
"to say people dont change is like saying fast food is healthy    even if someone did drugs on a regular back in high school, it doesnt mean they are into it now "
"145 dollars for a ticket   ugh  nothing i cant take care of, just makes me mad "
"<propfemale>, i am 130lb  i <propmale> my bench at 130, almost made 140  not the best but for a skinny person like me, its not all that bad "
"love thi'sl, his music is awsome!!"
"worked out before work, now im ready to go!"
"wow, what a night"
"just woke up, last night was one of my worst closings i have ever had  i hope that tonight is much more different "
dont know if i have to be at work at 5 or 7 tomorrow        annoyed 
"sooo  75 dollars for a 2 day 6 hours course or defensive driving  made the first one, but was 10 minutes late for the second  i blame traffic for them not letting me in  now i have to fork up another 75 "
"really dont want to work today  oh well, my day will come when i can just cus a customer out and walk away  i would love to do that!!"
fun times ahead if i dont say so myself
"well i continued to apply for jobs today  <propfemale> ports, publix, and gulfstream  any other ideas?"
tough times dont last but tough people do 
"what a rough night, tomorrow will probably be the same  sad "
"i want a job were i enjoy going to work, this is far from it   "
"what a great day i had, the customers were super nice, a cop pulled me over and gave me a lovely piece of paper, and found out my game i bought doesnt like my computer    like i said, a great day  anyone have a reset button?? i could use one right about now   crying "
how can i not fall asleep???? im so extremely drained and i have to work in less than 8 hours  sad 
"pulled an all nighter, that wasnt hard at all  playful   my taxes are finally all done, close to 1200 back  smile "
"first sign of sleep in 28 hours, i could go on for 24 more, but i work in the am  annoyed \"
"drug test tomorrow, than i get the job   the only thing left is to make a tough desition about mcdonalds   should i stay or should i go??"
1 word       rift!!! absolutely amazing!
"so many thoughts about work, i hate it and love it all at the same time  in the end, its up to me  what i do these next few days will change what i do for a while  warehouse and possible layoff a few months later or mcdonalds and a career 10 years from now  i need to dig alot deeper before my final call, need to make it before friday though "
