edbdbbfaecf7693977aa031d19d92880
spent practically mi whole vacation with cj   lol it was fun though  smile  back to school 2morro   yuck! haha
i miss mi rainbow    i'll have to call him tonight
boredom  blahhh
off to school    omg <propfemale> boring!
i look at my hands and feel sad cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly   love 
i swear i love u baby! we go back like 1980  smile  lol
off to the central talent show 2 watch ppl embarass themselves lol should be funn
a band is playing at mi talent show and hot damn this drummer is hottt
made up mi mind    guitarists are hotter than drummers  love 
had mi mock disaster yesterday and im sooo sore 2day  i need a massage lol
ahhh! i hurt! this is sad  sad 
i thought mi friend ate mi ice cream but i was wrong    she microwaved it and drank it! ugh people!
i wish 2 speak 2 <propfemale>    hello?    where on earth did that girl go off to? sheesh!
time for me to wake up  yawnn  vacation is a bit boring
"listen up cause i love you lady, we go back like 1980  lord knows your the one to save me  you love me cause i'm so crazy  love "
i miss tiffy     sad 
finally time 4 sleep  thank goodness
goin out 2 buy <propfirst> a new hampster
i got a hampster and named her <propfemale>  shes orange  smile 
fuck u <propfemale> theres a reason ur not here today  so dont just dont!
"you said you'd always be there but now that i need you, you ignore me  i guess you lied to me all along   "
this rain is depressing me
its weird how something can be here one minute and gone the next    gone forever
i have to go to the dentist today  sad 
playing othello wit mi lil bro  and totally winning! lol
"its a quarter after one, im all alone and i need you now   "
i never get to talk to her like we used to  its sad but i love you babe no matter what
free ice coffee day at dunkins! goin 2 get sum lol! -68  love 's 76
good friendships are like styrafoam cups    they don't desinegrate ever   lol
its my birthday! yayy
i wanna go the aquarium and see a penguin!!
do dinosaurs still exist?     yea    where?    im one! rawr! lol
at the mall shopping
got new jeans  super excited!
i bought new skinny jeans 2day! they look amazing on me! lol
with <propfemale> while shes gettin her nails done
just had to type a 7 <propfemale> report  yuckkk 
gonna go donate blood 2day
"you know i'm such a fool for you, you got me wrapped around your finger, do you have to let it linger?  love  love  love "
just got mi tooth pulled  yuck 
mi mouth hurts soooo badly from getting mi tooth pulled  someone make it better! i wanna cry!
went to canobie lake today! got a sunburn and saw zach flash the log flume camera  it was great lol
anybody want a <propfemale>? text me at 603-682-9446  no cost  i want them  to have a good home  -love <propfemale>
kittys for adoption  3 kittens 2 adults  text me at 603-682-9446 or call at 603-627-7830 and ask for <propfemale>  no cost  i want them  to have a good home 
kiss me in sweet slow motion lets let everything slide  love 
tired
goin 2 bed  its been a stressful day and trying to call someone to talk didnt work  im just gonna crash for the night 
hope to maybe talk to <propfemale> tommorrow  its been awhile  
don't cry because it's over    smile because it happened
do u cook rice crispie treats? i wish i knew    lol i used to but i don't remember
schools almost done for the year  yay!
i miss the days of hearing <propfemale> doe <propfirst> so pretty    i'm just not sure that they will come back
i rolled mi tongue! i could never do it before and now i can!! yay  smile  lol
did u kno u could bounce a bowling ball? and u can break a peice off while doing it! lol as well as damage ur floor lmao
"<propfemale> doe, i dont even know you but i know fo sho that you are beautiful   "
finals are yucky  sad 
blah blah blah
"cheer up and dry ur damp eyes, tell me when it rains  cause i'll blend up that rainbow above u and shoot it through ur veins  love 3"
all i want is u will u be my bride? take me by the hand and stand by my side  all i want is u will you stay with me? take me in ur arms and sway me like the sea
goin in 2 school 2 take mi us history final  im wicked nervous 
offically out of school for the summer!
schoools out for ever! schoools out for summer! lol
one pair of <propfemale> lips and your bubble gum tongue    your body is a wonderland  love 3
if you were a river in the mountains tall the rumble of your water would be my call  love 
what am i gonna do when the best part of me was always you?  love 3
"the <propfemale> is breaking, a light shining through  i'm barely waking and i'm tangled up in you   "
dunkins ice coffee is the greatest substance on earth  smile 
cant sleepp  on yahoo messenger but like everyones asleeppp
sleepy time for angelaa  loves! xoxoxox
what the hell is a muchamalarkee? my mom just called me one   
"you can't hurry love  no you'll just have to wait  she said love don't come easy, but its a game of give and take   love 3 lol"
going to the lakee
the lakes so dirty    but sooo nice
just leaving the lake it was nicee
how long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door ur on
"because youre mine, i walk the line  love 3"
wow i just love being last on ur list and having to beg u to talk to me  whatever    i guess im not important enough
sillyy    we'll be best friends until we die and then we'll write insults in the clouds and throw them at insecure people  smile 
goin to the pool today
ahhh! i used sunblock at the pool and i still burned! this suxx
sunburned and i can barely see! stupid chlorine makes mi vision sooo fuzzy  ive been outta the pool for 3 hours and its still like this!! mi moms vision already cleared   whens mi gonna  sad 
when will mi blakey come back to manchester? i miss him so   
goin to wwe smackdown tonight  smile 
just got back from wwe it was awesome  smile 
wow    its hott    like realli hott lol
do u ever think when your all alone all that we could be? where this thing could go?  love 3
<propfirst> is a ridiculous fool lol he thinks he can float if he holds enough balloons    any opinions on this anyone? lol
i'm happy knowing that you are mine the grass is greener on the other side the more i think the more i wish that we could lay here for hours and <propfemale> reminisce
"baby i love you i never want to let you go, the more i think about the more i want to let you know that everything you do is super fucking cute and i can't stand it  love "
we didn't start the fire it was always burning since the worlds been turning  we didn't start the fire but when we are gone will it still burn on and on and on
oh my god  its soooo boring today
mi mom is under the impression i'm shallow  i'm not shallow i'm simply aware of how amazing i am  there's a difference  oh well  i'm going to sleep now xoxoxox
its stephies birthday today! shes 19 yay! shes mi best friend in the entire world! i love u stephie! and happy birthday!
swimming at livingston  smile 
i gots a bit of a tummy ache
its raining its pouring the old man is snoring he went to bed with a bump on his head and he didnt get up in the moooorning lol
happy 19th steph  i wish u a year full of laughter and love  smile 
its hott todayy
"sometimes we punch each other in the face, like when i hit on ur mom and got to second base, i'm trying to say i love you in a heterosexual way! lol"
sarahs sleepin over tonight  smile  yay
its so cloudy out but still soooo hottt lol its crazyness
went to the lake  it was sooo fun but soooo tiring  smile 
silly rabbit! trix are for kids!  smile 
im a shark! duh dum duh dum duh dum rananaahh! swim swim swim ahhh! lol
i freakin love batman    nuff said  playful 
going to see eclipse  smile  im so excited!
eclipse was awesome  smile 
summer summer summer    i love it lol
god damnit <propfirst>! lol ur still sleeping at 7:45 at night! what am i supposed 2 do?! call at midnight    geez lol
i got mi report card  smile  i got high honors!
if i had the <propmale> i'd ask the world to dance and not be dancing with myself  smile 
going to the fireworks  smile  i gots a crazy hairdo tho lmao
the fireworks are amazing  smile 
boom! im a firework!
geez itd b the perfect night to shoot someone  lol with all the fireworks and firecrackers and stuff no one would even notice a gun shot lmao    just saying
im eating cake and ice cream at midnight    im gonna get fat and yett i dont even care lmao
happy 4th of july everyone! its so hott i think im melting but oh well! lol happy 4th anyway!
if a firework goes off and theres no sound is it realli just a bunch of kids throwing crayons?
if a firework goes off and theres no sound is it realli just a bunch of kids throwing crayons?
i dont think ive ever been this hott in mi entire life    ugh
"i <propmale> you on a limb, made you bend over, backwards on a sin, quit crying on my shoulder, there's nothing left to say, we're beautiful garbage, throw it all away, wash you off in the shower "
happy 13th birthday to my lovely cousin <propfemale>!  smile  i'm not the only teenager in my family anymore lol
i <propmale> out with mi 4yr old little cousin <propfirst> today  aside from having to tape him to the floor we had fun  smile 
i wanna <propfemale> out with stephie <propfemale>n! i miss her <propfemale> much! love you bff  love 
todays a boring day anyone wanna do something? message or text me  smile   love 
it just takes sum time little girl ur in the middle of the ride everything everything will be just fine  love 
goin 2 walmart with sarahh  smile 
driving around with <propfemale>! dunno where we're heading but watever!  playful 
burger <propmale> apparently doesnt know the difference between a chocolate milkshake and a vanilla milkshake
blakey baby i'll always be the <propmale> to ur <propfemale> cause nothing could keep down! i love u  love 
sooo now we all know that i suck at video games    oh well lol atleast <propfemale> was nice enough 2 show me how 2 turn  playful 
i can't wait for mi blakey to come back to me =p lol he's always gonna be the <propfemale> to mi <propmale>   cause he may be gay but truth is he fuckin loves me more   sorry boys =p
if i cut mi hair if i change mi clothes will u notice me? if i bite mi lip if i say hello will u notice me?
scream! shout! i love it loud! i feel the need to stand out in a crowd! nothing's wrong with me! freak out! i stand my ground! nothing in the world is gonna keep me down! nothings wrong with me! =p
"when i get married, she'll be my maid of honor  when i have a baby, she'll be the godmother   when i grow, she'll be playing bingo with me at the nursing home love "
went 2 see despicable me  it was good  smile 
me and stephie totally are gonna get married in las vegas by batman    now i just have 2 figure out how 2 break it to <propfirst>     hmmm lol
silly faggot dicks are for chicks    lol i love u <propfirst>  playful 
"she's precocious, and she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush  all the boys think shes a spy, she's got <propfemale> <propmale> eyes  love "
text me or message me people   smile 
"\skinny jeans are a cock block   \"" \""maybe your just stupid \"" \""that hurts   \"" lol"""
ugh i just got woken up to someone calling mi cell but it was a blocked number  fricken people!
goin to babysit  and i forgot mi duck tape    damn! lol
anyone wanna <propfemale> out? text me or message me  i love people  laugh 
i miss mi best frannd stephie!!
does anyone remember that old kids book the girl with 100 middle names or something like that    she had a sweater for every name    i like that    lol
supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious if you say it loud enough your sure to sound precocious supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!! lol
found out im amazing at pitching baseball  playful  lol
theres nothing to do in the summer  blahh
off to waw  smile  hopefully it wont be as hot as last week    but i doubt it lol
not so fun fact: if you get hand soap in your eyes it burns like the devils herpes 
seriously?! we just measured out heights    i'm still 5'4 but mi 12yr old baby sister is almost 5'6    this sux mega giraffe abortions!
"i'm babysitting and i walked out to find mi 4yr old cousin in just his underwear  his e playful lanation on where his shirt went? \umm my shirt no like me alala\"" lmao"""
going 2 babysit again  god im tiredd
i just colored sesame street with a 4yr old  pssh yea be jealous =p
sooo many bdays coming up! july 31st <propmale> turns 8  august 1st <propfirst> turns 12  then august 2nd tiffy turns 17  wowww lol 3 day party? maybe!
mayor <propfemale>! mayor <propfemale>! oops done did stung myself    goodbye world  playful 
i just saw a bug kill itself by flying through the fan  it shot juices across the room    i think i need counceling now   
when ur at bk and theres a bug on u  a good friend helps u get it off but a best friend hits u when u freak out and tells u to stop being so embarassing! lol
freakin <propfemale> insists that <propmale> johns song rocket man is about him being gay    ugh she listens to no reason! thats not wat its about! lmao
my cousins birthday party was today  <propfirst> turned 12 and <propmale> turned 8  fun party but <propfemale> many kids! lol
happy birthday to tiffy!  love  hope its amazing!
"they say a truefriend can go long periods of time without speaking & neverquestion the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they justspoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far awaythey live, and don’t hold grudges  they understand that life is busy,      but that you will always love them       repost if you are lucky tohave at least one of these friends  i am privileged to say i do"
stephie just had to get pregnant! ugh! nows whos gonna go on pointless life threatening adventures with me!? lol  playful 
i need one of those tubs u can wash dogs in outside  however i need it in tiffy size
has anyone ever watched pit boss? lol i just watched it for the first time and its pretty epic lol
ugh the only thing worse than hot weather is muggy hot weather  yuck 
oh my starry eyed surprise   
just drove with <propfemale> for half an hour to a trailer park in loudon lol <propfemale> funn haha whatever i gots a slim <propmale>
goin 2 get mi haircut today  i'm excited 
i got my hair cut and i have bangs for the first time since like 4th grade lol this may take some getting used to  =p
made myself a milkshake in the old hamilton beach drinkmaster  it might be old but i swear it works better than any new machines lol
"mi lil sister was just like \wow u go and get a new haircut just 2 put it up in a ponytail?\"" lmao watever dude! mi hair's still thick and its hot in mi room lol"""
just watched vampires suck  it was sooo funny! lol in ur face stephie! i saw it first! lol
i got mi senior pictures done today  they were super fun but mi boobs darn near fell outta mi shirt when i took a jumping picture  playful  lol
seriously chef boyardee isnt real beef! i'm telling u lol beef isnt shelf stable    which makes me wonder what are chef boyardee meatballs made of?!
i realli miss stephie  its been almost 2 weeks since i even got a text from her    i miss my best friend   
just woke up to yells in the kitchen turns out a damn bat was flying around in the kitchen and parlor and mi mom had 2 <propmale> it out  goddamn bats!
"im gonna boycott target! the target corporation gave ¤150,000 to the anti-gay candidate for the gov  of mn  we can't let close minded people run our country!"
goin 2 wrestling  just got a slushee and trail mix  yum!
i think i just saw batman in mi hamburger helper    woah i gotta lay off those drugs man =p
im in the mall getting a massage lol this is the life  smile 
helping at freshman orientation tommorow morning then donating blood at 3 o'clock  smile  anyone in manchester should donate tomorrow too! its at the radison hotel and its sooo worth saving people!
ewww why am i up so early?!
<propfirst> just found a packet of kool-aid mix and u know what the flavor is? jamaica    yep apparently jamaica is a flavor    now i wonder tho wats it taste like?!?
just sang the entire found a peanut song in an attempt to make myself fall asleep  didn't work
i had to tour for freshmen orientation today  it was    interesting  and a new record was set  a fight broke out before the school year even started
bought some new skinny jeans  smile  i totally found yellow skinny jeans and tried them on but they scared me =o lmao
watching the 8th season of friends with <propfemale> lol so fun  playful 
just got home from lauries  lol she totally loves me even if she wont admit it lmao
"do you believe in rock'n roll, can music save your mortal soul, and can you teach me how to dance real slow?  love "
house is the most amazing medical show  lol
trying 2 call <propfirst> and make sure he's awake so we can go the mall!
going to see nevershoutnever and the maine in november  smile 
i'm watching the 900th episode of raw  thats crazy! its the show with more episodes than any other! ever
<propfirst> <propfirst> ingle from nevershoutnever was born the same day as mi bff! except he was born in 91 and she was born in 93
im watching <propfemale> and i fricken love this movie  its realli the best thing ever lol
i just walked by a bunch of guys spraypainting their car    are people in this city realli that dumb? apparently    yes
hey central kiddies! can't wait to see u again! well some of you lol  anyway i'll be in the cafe before school tommorow so i hope 2 see some of u!  love  <propfemale>
okay 1 day of hell down only 179 to go    great
going to bed super early tonight  i'm so wiped after the first day back to school  ughh
mmmmm my body wash smells like gummy bears  laugh 
just got out of mst now i'm heading back to central  ugh i want the school day to be over fast
when i'm kissin you all my senses come alive almost like the puzzle peice ive been tryin find   
mi ankle is sore  sad  i twisted it today  well technically yesterday now   
im so tired dude  its crazy
heyy loves  im super bored 2day so if anyone wants 2 do something text me  smile 
i'm sitting at the mall and watching people act really stupid    its great
so i just stood in a wind machine that blew hurricane force winds    i dont get the fun    it just messed up mi hair   
"mom-\do u enjoy kicking little boys ass's in video games?\"" me-\""u know in fact i realli realli do \"""""
"brittany-\oh look theres a skank across the street\"" me-\""britt close ur legs    i can smell fish from across hanover street\"""""
pep rally today! time 2 pick on the freshmeats  playful 
great pep rally! the seniors won all the competions  smile 
"\to play with slinky in hands: hold end coils with both hands  now raise and lower each hand in a rhythmic motion\"" oh slinky why does ur box say that?!"""
"how do i say goodbye to mi lovely siblings in the morning? \love you <propfirst>  go play in the yellow lines fran!\""  laugh """
walkin to brittanys house with her 2 <propfemale> out cuz ive missed mi muppet!  smile 
i feel all sick and yucky today  sad  off to school anyway cause of the stupid new attendence policy 
finally out of school thank goodness! text me peoples love  <propfemale>
"i hear in my mind all of these voices, i hear in my mind all these words, i hear in my mind all this music and it breaks my heart, and it breaks my heart"
heading to school and still sick but im going 2 buy a slushie so im okay with that lol
sooo i just had 2 cook dinner for me and my brother  now dont panic but ummm does anyone have the fire department number?  playful 
"\so baby please take mi hand and ull never be alone again\"""""
heading 2 bed early tonight  every muscle hurts for some reason but im exhausted  night loves
yeah mi kitten is a lil flesh eating <propmale> kruger douchebag but i just love her so much anyway  smile 
and if i'm addicted to loving you and you're addicted to my love too we can be them two birds of a feather that flock together :ñ
going to the fair with mi bestest friend <propfemale>  smile 
fair was amazing!!! almost died on the zipper with <propfemale>  it was pretty fricken awesome we got stuck on our heads for awhile tho lmao
"walking for the cure for diabetes in the middle of the woods with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, tabby, and <propfirst> lol"
going to be a hippo for my uncle lmao  dont ask    haha
off to get some hot cocoa then i gots school  text me if anyone wants 2 <propfemale> later  smile 
"\im gonna move to panama and get me a big house with pool boys\"" \""hahaha dont be stupid! u cant even speak panama language\"" lmao"""
<propfemale> garon makes me feel like a teenage dream  love  lol
went 2 the central football game 2nite  smile  we played londonderry and we won! lol and i got 2 see cupcake! ahh ive missed that kid!
hanging with mi lil cousin  smile  we're goin 2 the mall!
ugh! school in the morning! gosh someone better be bringin me coffee 
what am i supossed 2 say when mi friend of almost 4 years just realizes mi eyes are blue?? lol
"\emilyyy if i go the bank with u i could steal ur identity!!\"" \""yeah well id rather have u steal my identity than me get raped by a hobo   \"" lmao!"""
part time lesbians and full time friends    love  lol
god i hate people    they need 2 go die or sumthing
off to mst with the lovely <propfemale>  smile  the bus ride is crazyy though! lol
oh <propmale> i'll always be the ren to ur stimpy  smile 
installation night at mst tonight  smile  as of 7pm im the official hosa chapter treasurer lol
got some taco <propfemale> lol i love that place!
"\hmmmm    i think we made mr  subsitute teacher uncomfortable\"" \""why? we were just reading the vagina owners guide  \"""""
i was released from school early cause of a black out just to come home and surprise! the power's out here too! lol
"well it started with ur hips so i moved ur to ur lips to take a <propmale>, ask for a dance cuz ur the cutest thing on this side of the world  love "
yes ma'am in fact i do know what personal space is and i'd be glad to share yours ;p
boredd  text me  smile  6829446
dentist appointment    yuck! i dont wanna go
hahaha i love family guy  smile 
woe is me    im a guitar with a broken string    lol
at the monarchs game  woo!
went to applebees with <propfemale>  smile  off to bed now 
18 days til the nevershoutnever concert with <propfemale>  smile 
anyone wanna drive me 2 merrimack? please
if u drive me 2 merrimack u can <propfemale> with me too  lol pleasee??
fine  y'all suck 
"\at first ur voice made me wanna punch u in the face\"" \""yaaaa that happens\"""""
happy halloween!
hahahahaha central never fails 2 amaze me   
i feel like i'm being watched    god   ? are u being a peeping <propmale>? lol
emilyyy  im not feeling u up! im simply feeling the ruffles on ur shirt that are conviently on ur chest
"\did he submerge our thermometer in water?!\"" \""uhh    noo   \"" lol"""
"\umm tabby why does the white board say <propfirst> sux eggs?\"" \""hehehehehe i dunno    \"" \""freakin frannie bean!!\"" lol"""
woah did u kno you can cut urself with a butterknife? haha yupp u can  playful 
sleeping over <propmale>'s house tonight
wooo! on mi way to boston with <propfemale> and mi mom to see never shout never and the maine in concert tonight!
the concert was amazing!! woo!  smile 
now i'm feelin so high like a g6   
"cause you're the apple to my pie, you're the straw to my <propfirst>, you're the smoke to my high, and you're the one i wanna marry  love 33"
just brought thanksgiving dinner to our adopt-a-family with mi mst class
im tired but i gotta be a responsible big sister   uh kids if u set a fire try to put it out and if its not out within 15 minutes come wake me up  k? love you!
i love hiding in a closet with cj and <propfemale> to avoid moving for their aunt lol
hahahahaha noooo cambodian isnt even close to canadian hahaha  playful 
hmmmm do nuns have 2 take off their hat thingy when they say the pledge too?
hanging with shaneyy baby  playful  u know how we do 
on the way 2 visit a hospice with mi mst class   blahh 25 minute ride on our lil bus 
hanginggg out
schools sooo boringg   true story
walkin home from cj's housee  smile 
pep rally today!
central kids represent! haha i love u crazy people 
im awesome! no you're not dude dont lie   im awesome  playful 
damn it! i need to learn how 2 be smarter than that damn scotch tape    but its an evil genius   
<propfemale> christmas to all you ho ho hoes  playful  lol
hmmm i think mi cat is allergic to axe    i was holdin her and she kept sneezing like 12 times! it shook her whole lil body!
babysitting with cj today  made a duct tape swing and baked cookies  smile  good day
sleeping over cjs again lol i need a life  playful  haha jk
the sibs turn 13 tommorow   oh geez   
happy birthday to mi darling siblings <propfirst> and tabby   you guys are 13! congrats!  love  ur big sister <propfemale>
eww eww eww    back to school
god damnit i hate the cold
woww   just so everyone knows   high school suckss   n all those drama queens do me a favor n drop dead
"imma get ur heart racing in mi skin tight jeans, be ur teenage dream tonight  let u put ur hands on me\in mi skin tight jeans\be ur teenage dream tonight "
"i can be myself now finally, in fact theres nothing i cant be"
i hate being in the middle   no matter what i say someone gets mad   i hate this 
"she needs wide open spaces, room to make big mistakes"
cj totally just got 52 pick-uped    lol
midterms tommorow   eww
oh yeahh now i remember why i'm never home   
you make me feel like i'm living a teenage dream  
there is no message we're recieving let me know if ur hearts still beating   
"it was not ur fault but mine, and it was ur heart on the line, i realli f*cked it up this time   didnt i my dear?"
mi little cousin <propfirst> is 5 today   woww   happy birthday sweetheart!
i wanna 52pick-up ur face!  playful  lol
what a hard week at school! i went and entire hour and a half lmao!
"loves what i got, dont start a riot, ull feel it when the dance gets hot"
"darling i'd still catch grenade for you, throw my hand on a blade for you   "
had a sleepover with cj and kat last night    that was interesting  playful 
forget you and forget her too   
midterms are over! woo!
my cat has no manners! mi brothers fish dies and the first thing midnight asks me is can she eat it    lmao
i had the time of my life and ive never felt this way before  i know this is true and i owe it all to you  love  lol
hanging wit kat kat  smile 
helping my sister clean her balcony  i love that shes getting rid of this junk    i just wish it wasnt in the middle of winter   lol
"me-\i'm a master at reading people \""cj- \""you cant read me\"" me-\""yea i can i know you like the back of my hand\"" *looks at my hand* \""woah is that a new freckle?!\"""""
playing sims before i have 2 go 2 skool  lol i love delayed openings lol no mst  playful 
frog blowjob!?!?  playful 
slumba partay! lol
so tired    
ughhh headache   
"when everybody else is getting outta bed i'm usually getting in it  i'm not in it to win it, i'm in it for youu  smile "
i'm gonna freeze and turn into an angelasicle    you watch its gonna happen!
<propfirst> hacked dis shit! love u <propfemale>!
"i'm sorry, i can't afford a ferrari, but that don't mean i can't get you there  wink "
happy valentines day!
i feel like crap  sad 
just watched piranha  good movie  lots of boobs tho  <propfirst> loved it  playful 
back in school after bein home sick for 2 days  not fun!
"darling what is going on, honestly that never happened, lying is favorite passion   love "
totally just called mi mom from mi bed cuz i didnt feel like getting up to turn mi heat up lol  thank god for cell phones  playful 
just gotta make it through today and then vacation   wooo lol
shaney is the shit!
"me: \i have a bruise from you!!\"" cj: \""ooooh    ummm    is it invisible cause i dont see it   \"" me: \""     god i hate you \"""""
started mi vacation off by building a box fort with kat and cj  veryy fun  smile 
hanging wit shaney baby  smile 
that sounds buttatastic!  playful 
just ate a buncha chinese food for dinner  my tummy is very happy  smile  with kat and cj for the night   again lol
hahaha nooooo i'm not here  come back later  playful 
soooo cold   why am i out this early! gahh  playful  good thing i love kat kat  love 
use the loofa!  playful 
god this day sux    *gets hit by hail* and it just gets better!
so cold  crying 
"\i wear a bandana when i cry to feel more like a man \"""""
"\50 bucks says omg talking money!\"" \""50 bucks says that was the dumbest joke ever \"" \""50 bucks says you laughed anyway  \"" \""50 bucks says yaaa    ur right  \"" lol"""
dressed as a man on my way to a cross-dressing birthday party   fun lol
"cj- \god ur such a girl \"" me- \""well sorry i was born that way!\"" cj- \""so was i!\"" me- \""u were? well no one woulda known that   \"" lol"""
a human suitcase    its this thing where a midgit on roller skates puts on all ur clothes and you pull em through an airport    lmao
blueberry  smile 
bio sux    thank god for potty breaks with shaney
on my way to school  its wayy too cold  sad 
raspberry  playful 
soooo bored   
why does everyone else have plans    i missed that memo    god im so bored
got my skype to work  smile  excited lol
omg! i just figured it out! only 100 days until graduation! wooo
"\you make me happy whether you know it or not we could be happy thats what i said from the start   love \"""""
just spent 10 minutes playing with emilys sunroof lol quite entertaining  
the all mighty <propfemale> gods have struck again  playful  guess what everyones cell phone wallpaper is?? me! hahaha
there's something you need to know about <propfemale>    she's as horny as a 3-balled cat    lol
wowww haha me and shaney nap alott    lol
"i think you need a shot gun blast, a kick in the ass, so paranoid, watch your back!"
"happy birthday to one of my best friends  here's to ur 18th year kat, hope its an epic one!  love 3 i luv u biatch ;p"
going to <propmale> e  cheese with my bestie and her nephew  smile 
going to <propmale> e  cheese with my bestie and her nephew today  smile 
screw you pet store saleslady! at 18 u can go to war and die for ur country but you cant hold a damn puppy til ur 21!!
"all i want is to mess around and i don't really care about, if u love me, if u hate me, u cant save me, baby baby"
missed mi bus to mst and no one could gimme a ride  sad  sittin in the cafe  so tired
im so freakin tired  i dont wanna go to skool! lol
sleeping in the back of kats car lol so much better than math class  playful 
wooo party time  smile 
i love my friends lol they're sooo funn  smile  i even love em when they need cuddle buddies! lol
yeahh imma be a polygamist    lol
"wow    i typed comercial and spell check helped    it offered commercial, commercials and      homosexual   ?"
i tried to do an impression of you yesterday but i could get my head that far up my butt   
"roses are red, violets are blue, god made me awesome, what the hell happened to you?"
cant breathe   wish i brought my inhaler   but i made it to the mst bus 
i'm so done with all this shytt
i think i pulled sumin in my leg but im walkin to school anyway cuz mommy apparently wanted me outta the house   no waiting for mi ride  sad 
all my life i've tried to make everybody happy while i just hurt and hide waiting for someone to tell me its my turn to decide   
with cj    just like every weekend   cause i fckin love that girl  smile 
i have a burning passionate love for <propfemale> <propfemale> duval  love 3
im kinda tired    gahh
riding around in kats car with a betta fish in my boobs   dont ask  lol
i wanna see you again but i'm stuck in colder weather   
wtf!! i'm so bored i'm gonna die and ur ignoring me! ughh
i want my cj  crying 
wow i love how people always get mad and i leave em alone but the <propfemale> i get a lil pissy everyones all up in my face  not allowed to have a bad day i guess  
party like a rockstar  playful 
i hate being the one thats all alone   i miss you  
alone     sad 
where the frick is my cuddle <propmale>?!
really wish i still had that and hadn't given her it  kinda feel like using it  
if i came across ur lifeless body i'd cling to you for a zillion billion years    playful 
"\i bring you pickles and you beat me with a juice box?!?\"" woww now thats a healthy relationship   lmao"""
holy shyt its cold  i shoulda brought a sweatshirt to walk home in  sad 
shes the greatest female fighter ever    her fists are so dangerous she's not allowed to be a lesbian!
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul  so don't come back for me  don't come back at all   
just did my states event    that was terrifying  
pretty pretty please don't you ever ever feel like you're nothing    you fckin perfect to me   
breaking news! <propfemale> barnum is a whoree and she always will be  playful 
play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love love 3
"i'm a bitch, i'm a tease, i'm a goddess on my knees, when you hurt when you suffer i'm your angel undercover  love 3"
"when my world goes crazy, you're right there to save me, you make me see how much i have  love 33"
<propfemale> duval is a bitch    my bitch    nuff said   
