0be547d9a03d25e4fb7495e3042ed1d2
im so tired!! and sore! p90x  lol
great my phone and my car broken within the same week and neither one was my fault!!
im hopefully getting my dream car tomorrow  a 95 oldsmobile 7 seater <propfirst>  its no vw but close enough for now!
renaissance festival!! fun times!
why am i so bored?!?! i guess i could clean    ugh     actually i think house is on 
never guess who i met today rishiki!
<propmale> <propfirst> is my hero!
why wont my farmville work?? anyone else having the same problem?
why do babies only like music that you dont like? it seems like desi will only fall asleep if eminem is on  lol
"so i just looked through my 8th grade yearbook, good times, lots of fun  so all my friends back then    your the best!"
"i hate cold wind! its the worst weather, i dont want to go out and do anything!"
"um    i just heard <propfemale> hardy died, im not sure if its true but i hope its not!"
finally went out and had some fun last night!
i love coffee!
"i cant believe this stupid healthcare crap, why are senators deciding our fate? they will not be affected by this at all, theyre healthcare wont change, theyll still get the best available  and they will for the rest of their lives  and we pay their six figure salaries, arent they supposed to work for us?"
soooo stuffed!
"so what does it mean when you break the wishbone and the top pops off, and you each have the same size stick, but the top flies across the room? does that mean we both won or we both lost?"
"when doing your christmas cards, take one and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier c o <propfirst> <propmale> army medical center 6900 <propfemale> avenue nw; washington, d c  20307  if we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get  pass this on to all your friends  (just copy and paste to your wall if you agree)"
"i like that erol got <propmale> a video game, but since he knows hell be playing it for like the next several weeks, he got me something for my wii  lol i guess he dosnt want me and <propmale> fighting "
back to work! finally
does anyone work at the galleria??
"im not sure how i feel about work yet    its kind of hectic and short staffed, so im working all kinds of crazy hours! and i miss desi!!"
"wow i think my kid is a genius! desi was so mad and he really wanted me to open his new potty, so i opened his new potty, he ripped off his diaper with a big smile on his face and peed in like one minute! hopefully potty training goes easier than i e playful ected! he is still playing on it right now! lol "
"i desperately need a haircut!! its down to my butt, is it time for a change??"
i ran over my science teacher sliding down a hill because thats how i roll!
"can you read this? i can! aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can "
why am i up so early?
"so, the doctor just told me my son is off the charts hes so big and tall    but is well proportioned, just huge for his age  lol"
i finally get a check    two pay periods behind    and nobody will cash it    hopefully the bank will tomorrow
across the universe=best movie ever!!
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your sweetheart and make sure to tell how long you have been together! 6 years!"
so excited to go to cali!
"obama is going to be at green valley high school tomorrow    i probably wont be able to leave the house, i live too close it will be all blockaded and packed  better get everything done today  lol"
wow i just bought clothes for the first time in    at least 3 years  thats sad
"it is first child appreciation week! change your profile picture to a picture of your first born and post birth stats: <propmale> <propfirst> smith, born december 25, 2008  6lbs 2 oz, 19 inches "
trying to get the house fixed up! its kinda fun i guess    gotta keep positive! lol
desi officially started walking today!! im so proud! hes so cute!!
i went to church today with desi and totally just <propmale> out in the toddler room the whole time and had so much fun with all the little kiddies!
"no matter how many years go by, sublime is still the best band ever! and it always puts me in a better mood : )"
"my poor baby, 15 months old and its the first time hes ever been sick  hes so miserable  i feel so bad "
"i caught desis sickness, it really sucks!"
"so i went to court to support a close friend, and when i got there i gave a little wave and mouthed \hi billy\"" and the court officer totally yelled at me and proceeded to inform me that this isnt the time for visiting    what a jerk  i didnt know your not allowed to mouth hi to someone when you are there to support them  lol whatever   """
second interview on monday!! wish me luck!
"before you were conceived, i wanted you  before you were born, i loved you  when you were born, i saw your face and knew i was in love  before you were one second old, i knew i would die for you  to this day, i will  with mother's day approaching, repost this if you have children you love more than life"
im officially employed!!! esthetician at massage envy spa in anthem!! im soooooo excited!!
"hey everybody! my <propmale> <propfirst> (<propfirst> <propmale>) is in prison and i made him a facebook! hes lonely, because hes in prison, again, hes looking for some pen pals, so request him as a friend and write him a letter!"
"first official day tomorrow, sooo if anyone has a membership to massage envy, come to the anthem location and come get a facial from me!!"
"let's see who is paying attention     everysingle one of you are on my friend list as the result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also as family!!! let's see who in my friends list actuallypays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really is     i <propfemale> friendships!!!"
im so excited about lost     i can hardly contain myself!!!
is it just me or is it weird that at 10 at night theres live mariachi music playing like 5 houses down from me?
my current favorite song= lay me down
since when does walgreens have the cutest summer dresses? adorable!
come on <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!!!!
"since desis birthday is on christmas, were throwing him a half birthday party at the end of the month, anyone who wants to come let me know so i can send you more details  were starting the planning now so i kinda want to get a guest list going!"
"marks <propmale> will be on display at the city of lights <propmale> gallery this thursday june 17th 2010 where there will be snacks and wine and a special musical performance featuring jon-david & <propfirst> jr  the event will take place between 5 surprise 0pm - 8 surprise 0pm city of lights <propmale> gallery, 3 army st  in old henderson  cross streets are army & water  hope to see anyone who can make it "
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copythis to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get    this might just be interesting"
happy fathers day to all the fathers out there! you are so important in your childs life!
"what a great start to the day, wake up, coffee is already made, and watching yo gabba gabba with desi! fun times!"
"ok    desis half birthday party is going to be this wednesday july 14th at that little water park on st <propfemale> and paseo verde  everyone is welcome, i hope to see you there!"
desis party is tomorrow!! hope to see you guys there!!
had so much fun at the party! thank you soooo much everyone for coming! desi had a blast!
"i have to take desi swimming again soon! he loves it! <propmale> took him swimming at a friends baby shower and wouldnt let him get out for 2 hours! then after we got him out and dried off, 10 minutes later he jumped into the jacuzzi! hes fearless! (hes ok <propmale> and like 4 other people grabbed him out immediately!)"
"wow desis asleep! i swear he only lets me sleep on days im off, when i work he keeps me up all night! crazy kid!"
im so irritated! i lost my sd card to my camera!
gay marriage is now legal in cali!!
i totally jacked up my pinky finger! scraped off like half the skin! it really hurts! : (
wish i was still sleeping    its my early day : (
i think i have a pinched nerve in my back its been hurting for a week now!
i need to get my breaks fixed! anybody have any recommendations? i need somewhere or someone good and cheap!
"of all nights not to have my camera, i got to see desi interact with a 3 week old baby last night  he was soooo sweet petting his leg and his belly, and he kept going to check on the baby "
*****massage envy***** tuesday september 14th is massage for the cure!! $49 for a massage or facial and $15 from every appt  goes directly to <propfemale> g  komen  please call 702-309-3689 (anthem location) or 702-563-3689 (gv and 215 location) to schedule !!! please make your appt  today and come to support this incredible nation wide event!!!
my poor desi fell on his face and gave himself his very first fat lip : (   poor thing!
i totally locked my keys in my car at work! <propmale> had to come bring me the spare! lol oh well he got there fast so i guess everything worked out ok!
in the mood for a good movie    any ideas?? i mean really good movies
family fun park time!!
i like it by the front door
midnight wedding here we come!
"we tried to share the awesome thunder and lightning with desi, and of course like 30 seconds after we bring him outside there was the loudest thunder ive ever heard! scared the crap out of all three of us  well i hope he isnt scarred for life! lol"
does anyone install ac units? or know someone who does?
so for halloween i think im going to be a hippie
"sorry everyone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy, shui  the one who does not copy,      will be without money  i cannot let that person be    me     copy within 11 <propfemale> "
"i really hope <propmale> looses, hes the perfect example of a career politician and why we need term limits  even if he was running against a goat, id vote goat! get out and vote! baaa! lol"
errrrr! im so irritated right now    i just need to go to bed before i go crazy
crazy stuff goin on in the neighborhood like 6 cop cars and lots of yelling and guns drawn!
"toall the unselfish mom's out there who traded eye liner for dark circles, salon haircuts for pony tails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  let's see how many mom's post this  mom's who   don't care about whatever they gave up    and instead love what they got in return  post this if you love your life as a mom!!! ? ?"
got the tickets today! going to see <propfirst> beck on thursday! oh yeah!
no way <propmale> barger guest starred on the sons of anarchy season finale! crazy
"k, so what up with the cartoon characters?"
just got summoned to jury duty  yay for me! : (
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! im so lucky, i have the best family and friends anyone could ask for!"
i forgot i could sleep in today! too late now!
so i wanted to see the winter solstice eclipse last night but it was so cloudy i couldnt see the <propfemale>  i couldnt even see a <propfemale>  it only comes around every 400 years so i guess i missed my oppritunity
got my xmas gift early! kindle! woo hoo!!
"i cant believe desis going to be 2 on saturday! even though he could pass for 4 lol  they change so much in 2 years, they go from being so little and completely helpless, to half my size and trying to boss me around!"
"so i saw the saddest movie in history, dear <propmale>  i must have gone through almost a whole box of tissues and i dont hardly ever cry when i watch movies "
woo hoo no jury duty tomorrow!
instead of going out tomorrow i think well stay home and redo the kitchen! great way to start off the new year!
i just saw a car speed up and swerve to hit a cat  right in front of my house while im standing there holding my 2 year old  what is wrong with people?
just got <propfirst> becks new book the seven wonders that will change your life  im excited to read it!
cant wait to start school    just a couple more months!
"why do people, like our elected officials, keep calling our country a democracy? its a republic people!! it makes them look so stupid every time i hear it"
creepy math problem    anyone can try this   how old you'll be this year + the year you were born=11 or 111 i just tried it on every family member i can think of and it works!
"kentucky just passed the best law ever  to be on food-stamps, medicaid, or cash assistance on your children or yourself, you have to pass a drug test  now every other state should do the same  if you agree re-post  we have to work and take a drug test so should they! make those on disability take the test too!!"
just discovered a new fav food for my pickey eater    kiwi : )
healthcare law is unconstitutional! looks like the courts agree with me! one step closer   
"man, i dont know if anyones following whats going on in egypt, but it is going down right now  crazy"
"the only bad thing about desi falling asleep last night at like 10 smile 0, he was up at quarter to 8 and now hes napping at quarter to 11  i like it better when he goes to bed at 1 and wakes up at noon, that way i can sleep in too!"
"wow, i cant believe i jacked my neck up so bad! i guess cracking it all the time can have unintended concequences  good thing i work with a bunch of massage therapists! i hope were not busy tomorrow so someone can fix me!"
mmm fresh strawberries and kiwi 
"yay <propmale> <propfirst> won the straw pole at cpac for the 2nd year in a row  this time by a \landslide\""! im so excited!"""
so excited to go back to school! i should get my materials by the end of the week!
"desi loves scooby doo! its all he wants to watch! its the first cartoon character hes become attached to  everytime daphnie is on he points and says \mama!\"" well i guess id rather be daphnie than <propfemale>! lol"""
i hate getting hardly any sleep! while sick! uhh i feel like crap!
does the iphone have regular headphone jacks?
"wow, power was out for like 2 hours  did that affect anyone else, or was it just my neighborhood?"
study time before bed? i think so!
"its nice to be important, but its more important to be nice"
"just finished my corned beef stew, and it is soooooo good! happy st pattys day!"
i love <propmale> <propfirst>! hes my hero!!
"i think my cameras broken! it makes the turn on noise but the screen stays black! do people repair cameras, or will i have to buy another one?"
