f6a5b37ee95ec60df0782418680adc8c
happy new year to everyone!!
rockband!!
"all that i'm after is a life full of laughter, as long as i'm laughing with you"
 smile  &hearts;
goin to the y! hopefull will get a good tan today 8-)
finally friday!!!! work til 6  fireworks later!! wooo
"no work,enjoying the sunshine, fireworks later    lovin friday!!"
metropark fireworks!!!  smile 
happy 4th of july!!  playful 
still sick  annoyed    prolly napping all day
wants to go up north
hittin up wyandotte street fair with sis for a bit  playful 
i love naps  smile 
packing for camping this weekend!!
workin til 11   then goin camping in the morn for the weekenddd!!  laugh 
<propmale> county fair!  smile 
bonfire tonight with my favorite peeps  smile 
"work, then bdubs later!"
day not off to good start  sad 
"dentist, workout, errands   then who knows!"
laying out 8-)
wish school was over already lol
ouuuttt!
with my love  smile    then going to a corn maze later with some sweet ppl!  playful 
gym time!
soooo sleepy
work til 6 then hangin with my man  smile 
"you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed, sing like bird dizzy in my head, spin like a record crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh, you make me smile"
going to cook an amaazaaazing dinner  smile 
cousin's wedding reception
"gym, runnin a few errands, writing a paper, then working 3-6   bussssy day!"
is my 22nd birthday!!!  surprise   laugh  woooo im gettin old  playful 
thanks everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes! :-]
studying the night awayyy  sad 
out to lunch with my grams  smile 
showering after a good sweaty workout  playful    then trying to start writing my 9 paragraph paper thats due tomorrow  fun stuff
"school, work, then time with my man  smile "
pumpkin carving!  smile 
"work til 6, getting ready then going to a halloween party!!  smile "
watchin napolean dynamite haha and homeworkin it  playful 
"homework, of course"
"workout, library, work"
called into work early today  there til 6  playful   then workout and relaxin  smile 
relaxinggg   i love sundays  smile 
working 9-6
going to see new <propfemale> tonight!!!
"i am so thankful to share the day with all the amazing, wonderful people in my life  smile  happy thanksgiving!"
feeling exhausted from sickness  sad    ugggh
its snowinggg!  smile 
two tests today  yuckkkk  annoyed 
"shower, scrapbooking, and watching elf  smile "
last final today!!! wooooo  smile 
i love sleeping in and not worrying about h w class or anything to do with school right now  smile 
baking christmas cookies  smile 
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
"movies, then new years party tonight at my aunts  smile "
"wishing everyone a happy, healthy new year!"
white and pink!  playful 
being lazy  playful  its what sundays are for!
workout  smile 
bootcamp class kicked my buuuutt! so sore today  annoyed 
hmmm i wonder what celebrity i look like lol   
hittin up gym for workout even tho im still soooo sore   we'll see how that goes lol
homework cake boss  playful 
1 year!!  smile  so amazing &hearts;
relaxin and making a yummy lasagna dinner with my babes  smile  and having a delicious glass of strawberry wine!  playful 
"off to schooool, test today  annoyed   done at 12 then workout after!"
going to see dear <propfirst> tonight! so excited!  smile 
suuuuperbowl party!
facebook has changed things yet again   geez
doing p90x!!!!
no class today!!!  smile 
spending the day with my <propfirst>  smile 
siiiick  annoyed 
i wanna get bettterrrr  sad 
enjoying today  smile 
"lots to do todaaaay  classes, running errands, workout, then homeworkin it  playful "
doing homework all day  yuck  but at least i get to spend it with my love!  smile 
its such a beautiful day out i love it!!!!!
dinner and hangin with my besties  smile 
out to lunch with grams  smile 
happy st  <propfemale>'s day!  smile 
this beautiful weather and longer daylight makes me so happy!!  smile 
"i think i'm going to wear flip flops today, exciting!"
today is officially the first day of spring!
ohhhh tgif!!!!
"bra colors made facebook  news but will this? let's support our firefighters, emts and police  officers  if you support our firefighters, emts and police officers then  please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there  should be no excuses from anyone!! this    should appear in everyone's  status!!!!                god bless our firefighters, emts  and police officers!!"
its gonna be a good friday! 8-)
happy easter!!! spending the day with the fams  smile 
bonfizzzire!
"going to take an exammm  annoyed ,class, workout, and then hangin with my love  smile  hopin for another beautiful day today!!!"
had a great friday  smile 
off to <propfirst> for the day to see <propfemale>'s <propmale> show  smile 
going for a bike ride and enjoying this sunshine 8-)
laying out 8-) so maybe i'll get some color
tgif!  smile  hittin up the gym the who knows!
"long day at work, im exhausted!!!"
"make that 6-1, heck yeah wings!!!!"
last 2 finals today then done!!!! soooo happy  smile 
ohhhh friday how i love you  smile 
yay! going to see my love  smile 
happy mother's day to all the mommies out there!  playful 
so excited for the hoedown this weekend  smile 
hoedown tonight  smile  yeah yeah yeahhhh
"church, then hoedown all day 8-)"
working another loooong day    annoyed  im exhausted already!
going to see shrek 3 tonight haha wooo cz im cool like that
<propfirst> is da man!
going on a picnic with my love on this beauuuutiful day!  smile 
enjoying the last day of a really great weekend!!  smile 
i have the most amazing boyfriend and love him so much!!!  smile 
"had a great long weekend, although not long enough  sad    its back to work today"
preschool graduation at work! awww kinda sad  sad 
going to battle creek for the day to help <propfemale> move into her new apartment!!!
ohhhh its good to be friday!!!
"if i knew what i was doing,i'd be doing it right now and i would be the best damn poet;silver words out of my mouth my words might not be magic,but they cut straight to the truth so if you need a lover and a friend,baby, i'm in \\love that song!"
breakfast at ihop!  smile  yummmm
probably just having a relaxing day with the fam  playful   but first gettin a good workout in cz i need some energyyyy
going to see my love since he's back from camping! yay!  smile 
officially the first day of summer! 8-)
orientation at u of m dearborn
laying out in the sunshine 8-)
working all day then babysitting   at least its friday! :-]
"oh i love the way you love the way you love me, there's nowhere else i'd rather be oh to feel the way i feel with your arms around me  ?"
work until 6 then going to the metropark fireworks later  smile  looking forward to this long weekend!
happy 4th of july!!  playful 
had such an awesome looong weekend  smile 
"yuck, gonna be a hot day  annoyed   wish i could be swimming!!"
"so excited for the weekend!  working til 6, then dinner with the fam and going to see <propfemale> tomorrow!  smile "
what a great weekend  smile  but i'm exhausted
attempting to bake a pineapple upsidedown cake   
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you  go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common sense  never let your prayin' knees get lazy and love like crazy"
"if you have a wonderful man, who is perfect for you, who works hard & would do anything for you, that makes you laugh, that's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every day, post as your status ?"
turned out to be such a beautiful day!! although i'm staying inside and scrapbooking!  playful 
"gonna be an active day  smile  bike ride, gym, then swimming!"
"life is so fragile, never take a day for granted and the time you have with the ones you love  ?"
going to see <propfirst> st  cloud!!! then block party laterrrr  smile 
its been a looong couple of days   watching a movie then passin out
lunch at panera  smile  then hangin with my love!
going to attempt to play some ultimate frisbee   
exhausted 
"work this morning, workout, then relax time  smile "
"good quote from the inside of my dove chocolate wrapper: \treating yourself is never wrong!\""  smile """
just bought my first car today!!!!!  smile 
working til 6 then babysitting  
lunch dinner at portofino with the girls!  smile 
up north for the weekend!  smile 
so first thing i see in my room when i get home from a nice mini vaca is yet another bill  to renew my license   ahhh back to the real world! but i guess that means my birthday is gettin close so thats always exciting!  smile 
working 6 smile 0 to like 8 today   wow gonna be a looong day  annoyed    
it feels like fall today!!!  smile  loveeee it!
renaissance festival!!  smile 
i'm excited for halloween already  playful 
"time for bed, first day of class in the morn!"
first day of classes at u of m-dearborn! kind of excited  smile 
ahhhh im sooo frusterated with trying to order cheap textbooks online    does anyone know of any website that is cheap and has free shipping???
anyone want to buy an ipod touch 8gb?? its like new! asking $150
"ran my first 5k today! got 3rd place in my age group with 26 minutes, yay!  smile "
facebook is distracting me from homework
homework on a saturday night   kinda lame!
feeling sick  annoyed   and i'm so not going to be motivated to do my h w today  
excited for this weekend  smile  especially because my birthday is tomorrow! yay!
to the mall and <propfemale> tuesdays for din with <propmale> and the bros  smile 
"going to a really lame required simulation for class from 9-4:45   yeah because there is nothing i would rather do on a saturday!! and especially my birthday  lol oh well, looking forward to going out later with everyone!!  smile "
i'm engaged!!!! best birthday and fiance ever  smile   smile   smile 
thank you so much to everyone for all the birthday wishes and congratulations!!  smile  had such an amazing weekend!
i like it on the floor
<propfemale> excited for cedar point tomorrow!!!!  smile 
i would say its a perfect day for cedar point!!  smile 
spending the day with my sweetie!  smile 
carving pumpkins and watching scary movies with my fiance!  smile 
is  laugh !
gym with <propfirst>!  smile 
excited for today!
feels a little guilty for not voting today   oops
feeling worse today  annoyed    ugh! i just wanna go back to bed and sleep all day
feeling a lot better after doing some scrap booking and hanging with my love  smile 
"happy 24th birthday to my future hubby, <propmale> aguilera!love you! &hearts;  smile "
100 3 is starting to play christmas music today! and im actually listening to it lol
cooking fries for dinner and rice krispie treats with <propfirst> and <propmale>  smile  can't beat a meal like that!
going to see <propmale> potter at midnight!
tiramisu is delicious!
school all day  sad  but at least its my only day this week!
my mouth is still completely numb from the dentist almost 4 hours ago!!! this is making me mad   better be gone by tomorrow or i'm gonna <propfemale>
happy thanksgiving!  smile 
exhausted from shopping last night this morning  playful    yes i am crazy for going out there but it was worth it!
just completed p90x ab ripper! wooo hopefully i'll be feeling it tomorrow!
actually kinda liking the snow  smile 
can't wait for this semester to endddd
champagne
"accidentally upgraded to the \new look\"" of facebook and i'm not liking it"""
"too much to do today but good thing i have an early start! going to the gym, pickin up check-woo!, classes, finishing up some christmas shopping, then homework time  playful "
could this week get any more stressful?
if anyone is trying to get a hold of me in any way  my phone is not working!  annoyed 
i don't like this much snow!
"i finally finished my 7 <propfemale> paper that i've been working on for the past 3 days!!! feels great!! but i'm not done just yet, still got more studying to do  annoyed "
excited to go to an ugly christmas sweater party tonight  smile 
phone is working again!
actually hoping that i have classes tomorrow! i just want to get finals over withhhh
last long day of school!  smile  and i really do mean looong! won't be home til 9 surprise 0  sad 
"\do everything with love\""-quote from my dove chocolate wrapper  smile """
"\take time to notice the color of the leaves changing\"" another dove chocolate quote  playful  haha   but its too late for that!!"""
"watching despicable me! such a good movie, i want a little minion pet!"
"\forget the rules and play by your heart\"" &hearts; why are dove chocolate quotes my source for inspiration lately? i just must be eating too much chocolate   """
get to go to another ugly christmas sweater party tonight! yay!  smile  but before then i need to take a moment to just breathe!
"off work early, so just having a relaxing day doing laundry n such  playful "
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!!  smile 
"<propfemale> christmas!!! hope everyone has a safe, fun-filled holiday!  smile "
dinner and a movie!
i love my new elliptical!
new years parties later! wooot can't wait  smile 
happy new year!
happy 6th birthday to my godson gaby!  smile 
good workout to start the day  smile 
kickin some butt in wallyball tonight! yeahhhh! well probably the other way around   lol
ugh i can't believe i start classes again tomorrow  sad  so not ready to go back
and so another semester begins   and im so ready for it to be over already!
excited to see my besties this weekend  smile 
sick of being sick!
gettin in my comfy gear and doing some scrap booking homework  playful 
ugh i just wanna get better  sad 
school allll day then i finally get to see my love later  smile  woohooo
don't mind the snow when i can stay home  smile 
wow why am i so tired? its 7 o' clock and i'm ready for bed
workin all day  playful  tgif!
i'm kind of over this semester already 
i feel so lucky  smile  &hearts;
"working from 6 smile 0-3 smile 0, then babysitting 4 smile 0-10 smile 0  got a long day ahead of me but makin that cashhhh!"
"happy 2 years to my best friend, soul mate, and future husband  smile  i love you so much and could not be more thankful &hearts;"
"ok, so where is the snow?"
wish work was already closed for tomorrow so i wouldn't have to get up at 5 smile 0 to find out!
"nevermind, no work tomorrow! yay!"
going to thoroughly enjoy this snow day  smile  i want to go sledding but i don't have a sled lol  sad 
venturing out of the house   hope the roads are better!
i found my wedding dress and i love it!!!!!
"trying to get some studying in, then super bowl party!"
classes til 5:50  ugh not looking forward to this long day  annoyed 
i think i just might go crazy with everything i have to do this week!!!
workin out and h w  playful 
r i p little <propfemale>  sad 
happy &hearts; day!
sick of being sick!!! ugh!
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it's been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy    but you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends  they will know who they are"
just went to the doctors for the 3rd time this winter!!  sad  definitely a new record   
"seriously, tgif!!!!!!"
guacamole and tostidos is where its at
two tests today   then its officially my spring break! wooot!
tired!
"have absolutely nothing to do today, and i love it!"
beastly was such a good movie!
"ugh, back to the grind   "
is stressing about schoooool bahhhh
bow chicka wow wow
so i was hoping we were gonna be done with snow for the year   guess not!!  sad 
doesn't like springing forward!
happy st  <propfemale>'s day! don't forget to wear your green  playful 
gettin ready then ouuuut!  smile  soooo glad its fridaaaaay
"doing laundry, got my paper done, gettin a good workout in, feelin pretty good!"
"just made myself some strawberry& pb french toast, was deeelicious! hopefully it will be my great start to a great day b c i got classes all day   "
apple
gonna be a fun weekend!  smile 
"pj day at work today, my kind of day!"
the weekend went by waaay to fast  sad 
dinner at carabaa's with the girls  smile 
can everyday be like today???? out enjoying this weather!
"if there is a random post from me on your wall, ignore it because i got some stupid fb virus thing  grrrrrr"
going for a walk in this beautiful sunshine before i start homework!
just finished final portfolio for english class! one down!
going to see rio! will probably be the extent of my weekend lol cz after that its studying and writing a paper   
last day of classes!!!!!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> <propfemale> is my girl!
loving the long weekend so far  smile  had a productive day shopping and cleaning!
feliz pascua!
"ugh, so tired of rain!"
extremely exhausted from this work week!
"if french fries came from <propfemale>, then sonic tots must have come from awesome because they are awesome"
going for a run!
"enjoying my day off, perfect weather for it too! and happy cinco de mayo!  playful "
happy mother's day!
ohhhh monday   
holy hot!
busy day!  smile 
wedding date is finally official woohoo!  laugh 
"i just saw my wedding dress on an episode of say yes to the dress  smile  pretty cool, and even cooler i paid a lot less for mine!"
working out and watching idol!
cant <propmale> and <propfirst> both just win??
"yeah <propmale>!!!  smile  wasn't gonna be disappointed with either, but all i gotta say is he better be at the hoedown next year!"
hot
going to check out the island fest  playful 
8-)
"working all day, hopefully will be cool inside!"
i want coldstone   
so ready to be done with this summer class 
"so excited for the day! bridesmaids dress shopping with the girls, then <propfirst> swift tonight!!!!!  laugh "
<propfirst> swift concert was amazing! got to see her from like 15 ft away!
work til 3 smile 0 then home to study for exam tomorrow  sad 
"i love music, its just great "
tgif  smile 
spending my day writing a research paper  oh what fun
you're the best thing that's ever been mine
happy father's day!
i love nighttime thunderstorms  smile 
studying the night away for my final tomorrow   so glad this class will be over!!!
are scrunchies really in style again?
had fun playing softball tonight first time after like 10 years! lol
fireworks tonight at lake erie  smile 
going swimming today  smile 
happy 4th of july!! out on the boat with the girls today  smile 
had so much fun today on the boat! definitely got some sun  playful 
"soooo tired and burnt   not feelin the work day today  annoyed  oh well, work til 3 smile 0 then softball laterrr  smile "
got my new phone yaya!
"just went for a run before work, hope it will give me some energy to make it through the day!"
soooooooooo happy its finally the weekend!!!
tooo hot todayy   out to din for my sister's b-day!
prolly going swimming today  smile 
very exhausting and interesting day at work  
i need a drink or two
worked on the house today! and im exhausted   annoyed 
"gettin an early start, workin on the house all day"
long day   soooo exhausted it hurts
is way excited for the weekend  one more day!
yay for the weekenddd  smile  just relaxing to start!
"working on the house, possibly pool, then softball games laterrr  playful "
"relaxing around the house, not feeling to good"
going to catch some rays with <propfemale> d 8-)
"life is short, don't waste a minute of it   "
pedicure and then shopping  smile  gonna be a good day!
just read the weather report for today   possibly tornadoes with strong storms  eeek  annoyed 
laying in a hammock enjoying this beautiful day  smile 
annual dinner at portofinos with the girls  smile 
ahhhh such a beautiful day!  smile 
jewelry party  smile 
breakfast at ihop with my man  smile  then running errandss
relaxing!
just took a bike ride around basically the whole perimeter of grosse ile  gonna feel that tomorrow
yeah tigers!
takin' on the preschoolers today  
"really don't feel like starting classes tomorrow, goodbye summer  sad "
first day of classes  gonna be a very long day
t'workin  
sooo glad its the weekend  smile   smile 
<propfemale>'s baby shower today!  smile 
"work, then tigers game!! please no rain today   it would be great to see the sun!"
so exhausted from a long workday but still squeezing in a workout then doing homework  sad 
"this has been a very long week, thank goodness its fridaaaaay  smile "
"facebook stop changing, dangit!"
working til 6  then officially the weekend hecks yeah  smile 
i have a new found appreciation of piano
"since i'm new to the whole piano music thing, does anyone know of any good pieces to listen to?"
"it's hard to e playful lain to someone who has no clue  it's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside  please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (ptsd, anxiety, bipolar, depression, diabetes, lupus,scleroderma, fibromyalgia, ms, me, arthritis, cancer, heart disease, epilepsy, autism,m d  etc ) \ never judge what you don't understand \"""""
finally home from working 2 jobs today  woo fun stuff  workin out then homework  sad 
school till 9  yay  not  sad  at least its gettin closer to my bday weekend!  smile 
"working til 6 possibly, gonna be a long day! but excited to go out to mongo's for dinner later!  smile "
its my bday woot woot  smile 
cake timeee then haunted hayride with my favorite peeps  smile 
"had a great birthday, got to spend with my wonderful family, friends, and amazing fiance!  smile  thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!"
heck yeah for the weekend  smile 
"i have to say, real steel was really good!!"
dinner and a movie with my fiance  smile 
