50f2a3ae85fa4ce74d696b3286350e4f
"starting on 12-01-09 will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!! seriously do it!"
ok from now on any one who tags me in a photo that deals with this stupid game that i do not play will be removed from my firends list!! got it!!
summer sucks when you don't have any thing to do
ramen rocks
shells and cheese  laugh 
people need to stop changing prof  pic all the time
the 4th is over people that do not live in gh
teen girls and group bathroom trips it not just school any more
camels are gross
every guy has that one girl that he will not and can not let get harmed in the face of danger and if she does he will hunt the one who did it down and get revenge on them by any means 
scooby-doo marthon is on cn
damned random thoughts
scooby-doo movie marathon
has gum on my teeth
i can see the way you shake and shiver
find u cathoseratinskittles
"o-|<       \ smile "
tacos
needs someone to talk to
is any one on line
apple pie
:blank:
power out from the park to holland
"if you woke up one day to find a louded 50cal  sniper rifle in your room, what would you do?"
dislikes the rain
<propmale> & <propfirst> rocks
vw buses rock out loud
shark week is almost here
saving    don't turn off the power
friends good or bad everyone should keep them  there is no reason to let them go
does anyone read my good updates
well would you look at that i gess no body looks and reads what i have to say
misses his first dog
i think that he has seen the grail
has a box of hen-grenades
"i need a pic that says \got milk?\"" send it to me by text (616-894-9863)"""
                        !
needs someone to <propfemale> out with this weekend
mom says no to the <propfemale> choral but we are going to eat in <propfirst>' hometown
needs some coffe
shark!!!!!
wants to go to the beach but cann't because mom dose not want to go with so many people there
762hp camaro ss 225 mph
needs someone to <propfemale> with weekend
day zero was awsome
state troopers on my street at 1 surprise 0am not cool
loves chocolate milk
loves flamethrowers
stungun in the birdhouse
is kicken it old school with mmpr
i hate holland
is being antifamily but safe
guys: if you had the <propmale> for front row tickets for an all girl band concert would you take them?
who has mr  <propfirst> 2nd hour 1st tri
@ doctor pepper is the best pop(!) ever
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
01  wrl lt cmp b w michelli02  econ w thomas03  chemistry w vandewaa04 & 05 cltc
<propmale> loves <propfemale> montana
paintball starts tomorrow at 9 surprise 0 am
paintball today
thinks people should start using chocolate as money again that would be awesome
any body know what movies come out on 9 1 2010
"demons in a church\hahahahahahahahahahahaha"
"if i had a warning label, what would it say? \(lol can't wait to hear this)"
is kicking butt on mafia wars sms
any body know 616-990-2501
goku vs  superman who wins?
why does grand haven area public schools drill us for bomb scares?
spiderman 1 an ok movie but spiderman 2&3 worst of the 3
it's not me it's you- by skillet awsome song
holy crap 26 - 23 grand haven wins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
greenville beat holland 44 - 18 and i feel sorry for newaygo
lions lost 35 -32
i set my chemistry teacher on fire today
wnats to watch resident evil in econ  class because it has to deal with monopolies
"out of tech no \school\"" for me on friday"""
is wishing he was at home in sted of being in holland
how are women and ninjas alike
any one know the record for taco eating
any one up for chillen this weekend
"u of m or msu\both are undefeated so who wins"
anyone know the the title of the song at the start of shrek 1
just saw a metor
so who won the grand haven vs  west ottawa
any one going down town
ok people that think that this month is odd it is not because it was like this 6 years ago and 5 years before that and 6 yearsbefore that and once again 11 years before that and so on and so forth
so who all is going to 447 tonight
never mind
it snowed around 8 surprise 0 am
it is snowing again
omg! this is bad   
so who all will be at 447 tonight
oh yeah 1 sub driver per week
so who is in touch with there inner assassin
any body alse know that there was a person called an ufologist
assassins creed just won the vga for best action adventure game
tis the season for tacos
so how many more days before christmas break  oh holy crap 7 hours left
i saw a flying cow yesterday  it was purple and i named him phillip   i wish the dancing unicorn had seen him but she was too busy laughing at <propmale> the snake!
i hate football post games
omfg!!!
ferris bueller's day off on a&e
any body know if we have 447 sunday
bre is such a normal freshmen
hahaha i poked the bear 
so board don't know what to do
on the way to tech hate this day so much
i get out of tech at one
anybody have a remidy for feeling like crap
i know my friends and how we met but i want to see if you remember how we met! post in a comment or send me a message!!
i hate the act test
so tiered but cant fall asleep till bed
any body mant to talk
no tech for me thursday 
"go to your profile  the top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\\my team: <propfirst> knoll, <propmale> guiles, <propmale> wells, <propfirst> hanson, and <propfirst>tian <propmale>  i am so set for this "
"sibling war!!! copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting, it's true!"
"why do they call them \wolf\"" spiders when they don't hunt in packs?"""
on the way to tech hope postuma is not there today
watching that 70's show right now
"any body know what movie i am wacthing with this one line- \there is a tiger in the bathroom   \"""""
hahahaha u-m did not play last night but msu lost so muhahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
watching hp 5 with my mom and i think that ombridge is a *itch
best day of tech ever 
i feel like such a nerd right
do any of my friends on here think that i have adhd and or ocd?
hhh or the undretaker
