3488608864b196fb7ce14b28eb0abdb4
is eating rice and watching the <propfemale> bowl
booo
almost died last night   awesome!  good thing i'm a super amazing driver and i can compensate for stupid idiot vans that pull out right in front of a car that is 5 feet away going 45 mph 
yayy braves game with jowe tonight!!!
"hmmm i really, really don't feel like going to work tonight    but i will cause i def don't get paid enough to take the night off"
welcome to my world    the world of red bull
"wtf, why is my phone disconnected less than two weeks after i paid them $152???!!"
"apparently i take myself more seriously than everyone else does, but that's okay    here's a non-emo status update for all you haters who are jealous of my mastery of e playful ression of a tortured soul through written words "
"today i bought a delicious prime rib french dip sandwich, as well as spinach and artichoke dip (yummmy) and was so stoked to eat it   only one problem    my dumbass left it at my job that's 45 minutes away   so now i'm off on an adventure to retrieve my dinner"
1 hour of sleep    not happy 
last weekend living in johns creek    forever   moving sucks 
"i am so unbelievably stressed out right now   freaking out   awesome   please don't talk to me today, everyone is pissing me off   but if all goes well today, i'll be in portland tomorrow!!   smile "
will be in portland tomorrow!!!
i'm in portland right now and i don't want to leave!!
is really confused   
is dreaming of a life that has passed her by   < emo status>
"oh geez back to work at the worst job ever, if i don't make at least $200 this weekend i'm seriously quitting, so unacceptable   "
<propfemale> being leaked on youtube > you
today i got a free panini (delicious) and listened to <propfemale> in my car all the way to and from work    this is the good life i'm tellin you
<propfemale> deen makes me so happy
i wish the world would stop for christmas
howsabouttobaaay!!!
snowball fights and sledding &hearts;
"i now have an official japanese alter-ego that i will answer to when i am eating with chopsticks, making embarrassing driving errors, and being rapidly calculated and efficient at everything i do "
"no more work pleaaase, make it stop!!"
"yes, i'm happy, and i'm allowed to be   there's nothing to bitch about when hard work is rewarded"
filet <propmale> + the patio + mimosas + homemade donuts = &hearts;
"going to fork&screen to see clash of the titans with <propfemale>    it's sooo pretty tonight, a patio is definitely calling my name too"
apples to apples    never gets old
"okay, it's bad enough living amid a giant plant orgy    why are these god forsaken skinny white strings that have the consistency of spider webs dangling off everything?? if you have no idea what i'm talking about you are sooo lucky "
lunch at flip today with my daddy and bro    by far my two favorite boys in the world!
most people are better off in love
playing with my super sweet new phone   the helio is now in retirement
"the earth turned to bring us closer  it turned on itself and in us, until it finally brought us together in this dream "
don't be afraid to feel sad  it's not feeling anything at all that you should be afraid of 
bread and butter flies > the real ones
"and nobody knows what to do with the heat\under sunshine pylons we'll meet while\rain is falling like rhinestones from the sky"
"one day there were three tomatoes walking down the street, a mama tomato, a daddy tomato and a baby tomato  baby tomato is walking too slowly, so the daddy tomato goes back, steps on him and says 'ketchup!'"
season 3 of true blood starts tonight!    why am i so obsessed with vampires?
"conscience off, <propmale> on"
every saint has a past and every sinner has a future 
"have one, have twenty more \one more\""s \",3488608864b196fb7ce14b28eb0abdb4,i think diet sodas are a direct reflection of american society   you can't have your cake and eat it too people!  want to lose weight?     drink water   want to have a yummy sweet drink?     drink regular soda 
"i think i got a tear in my eye, i feel like the <propmale> of my world, haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead"
"great thursday off with my little bro, beginning with the pool, then delicious japanese food, yogurberry, and ending with toy story 3 in 3d  loved every minute of my day!!  smile "
"silly bandz vs  giga pets nano pets    hmmm tough one, it must suck being in elemetary school during a recession, the fads i grew up with were so much cooler"
"so ya see a hot girl, and you're like okay    i appreciate your exterior beauty because you've definitely worked at it with the clothing    and the jewlery and the make-up  but, secretly i'm like    hey man    where is the <propmale>, and how do i cut to it?"
just had my mind blown away by inception  everyone needs to see this movie  amazing 
"you can boast about anything if it's all you have  maybe the less you have, the more you are required to boast  --fave book quote of the week  but from which book   ?"
"i think i was forgotten about    i'm definitely still stuck at my house for the third straight day, my driveway is not even walkable let alone drivable     i'm so bored!!!  i never thought i'd say this, but i really want to go to work"
"are these pillowcases stuffed with toilet paper and cotton balls or something, damn!! hotel room #fail"
"changes on facebook are always so predictable: updates of people complaining, followed by updates of people complaining about people complaining "
