b9d8de4a08c4da3e6c793da6524cb94c
will be playing pool between the hours of 12 smile 0 and 2 smile 0 at the hub on weekdays for information of anyone who wants to play with me 
is it wrong that an an energy drink would make everything seem right with the world?
"hey guess what!  firth has new material, i just saw <propmale> (he looks bohemian now (i wouldn't have believed it if i didn't see it)) and i just found out i have all of my credit card information memorized "
i was the only one wearing white pants today
was not the only person wearing white pants today
"so guys, apparently i have a superpower, and it's that my feet sweat blue and dye the inside of all my socks "
has decided his academic future and feels at peace with the world 
i'm powerful!!!
i just washed my bedding   apparently it's my whole body that's sweating blue 
cool it
"damn you, global warming!!  damn you!!!!"
is there a pulch around?  because i'm in love with everything!
<propfemale> kicks ass
freestyles with the best of them
pax    was    awesome!!!
no turning back! i'm doing the davinci slep cycle thing!!
i'm going to davinci sleep cycle all over the place!
is a metaphysician!  isn't that wonderful?
"i won more money off of my latin friends at poker tonight, alright me "
"it's not that i don't like you, it's that i don't receive text "
"i saw where the wild things are on wednesday, envy me! i have a giant cold-sore, pity me!"
my pen died    just like my cat
"my favorite part of my birthday was all the facebook love, thanks everyone "
i drown my sorrows in rap music and a game of pool
i am full of power!
it's way too cold when i have to put on a scarf to go to the bathroom
i just love finals so much!
"mst3k, volume 16, here i come "
"woops, i didn't make it to sleep tonight"
"also, i have resident evil darkside chronicles for wii over break   it's really fun to play with people   i want to kill some zombies and watch some mst3k with my friends"
the luckiest poker-shit alive?  this guy!
oh shoot!  the game's tomorrow and i don't even have the initial encounter ready!
i like <propmale> spoons
burnt face man number 9!!!
"sometimes, go needs to be tempered with stop"
i was a genius once
"today i played football, pool, hookie, hero, and a little bit of badminton"
"i would have to rediscover samurai <propfirst> during finals week    \even dogs should not be forced to live like dogs!\"""""
i love to clean my room!!!!
quarter hasn't even started and i'm already addicted to solitaire
happy easter everyone!  hope you get to spend it with loved ones
no facebook this week
june 22 
i am such an eminem fanboy   
2 o'clock and i still don't know what i'm going to wear today
"to all those concerned, i still have all our \football\"" books and dice   i can still give them to <propfirst> if you really want to play some \""football\"" over summer """
i'm happily domesticated 
"hey all   i'm writing this during my break at work   no internet at home, so i'll try to get back to you guys as soon as possible   summer fun needs to occur"
it's    great   i have my next 173 hours of audio planned
i sent my phone through the wash  so for the third time this year i need everyone's phone number 
my good person is going strong 
some one ask me what i'm up to   
"late for work, under-cooked chicken for lunch, and none of my contacts are in the office  today is not the best of days "
20 years and i still don't know how to make antibodies 
water tastes so good 
i think my hair turning brown is one of the biggest crises of my life 
i am serious  i'm going to live to be 500 at least  just not enough time 
i don't understand why the <propfirst> on telephones are in the vertically inverted positions of the <propfirst> on a keyboard  it's confusing when your job is half data entry and half phone calls 
"good job mr  inman! einstein fellow, nothing to sneeze at "
"is once again, happily unemployed "
math math math math math math math
!?
why won't anyone take advantage of me?
"ok you guys, its past midnight and i'm 21, do i'm a little sentimental right now, but i am really thankful for your love  i'll get back to you individuallly later:"
"it's my 21st biethsay, pay attention yo me!"
just had a fantastic night seeing pretty lights  i need to do that again 
aaaaaand it's back to ramen and eggs 
we win
the latest i've ever got in
"i'm staying up less to do my homework due tomorrow, and more to see if school gets canceled "
"going on an hg binge, hooooo!"
the conqueror
"having your backpack stolen a week before finals is, among other things, just plain bad timing "
