41524016c0a297c7c3ad8ef4511397e9
"so i  just took all of my son's toys and his tv out of his room     for the hundredth time! once again, he's left with nothing but his bed and dresser  he's so bad all the time, will he never learn how to behave?!"
just another day at home with my little girl  maybe we'll go shopping later  smile 
happy <propfirst>'s day to everyone!! hope you all have a wonderful day!!  smile 
i'm so annoyed!! it's pretty messed up when ur married and yet u still end up alone on <propfirst>'s day!!  sad 
"so i decided to kill 2 birds with 1 stone & take my daughter (16mos) into the shower with me  uuhh, no    bad idea  i still don't know if i got all the conditioner rinsed out of my hair lol"
"was just sittin here being lazy, then all of a sudden i had this big jolt of energy  i got up and cleaned my house top to bottom in less than 2 hrs!! have no idea where it came from, but i wish i was that energetic all the time! lol"
i don't care how good they claim windows 7 is       i think it totally sucks!! lol
not looking forward to driving to tampa at 7am  traffic and construction and semi's oh my! lol
 
these are the animals that i have if you need them     american alligator -
"american alligator, american big horn, andean condor, anteater, beluga whale, blue whale, bongo, brushtail possum, dolphin, fennec fox, fire salamander, flying fox bat, giant sable antelope, gorilla, great egret, great horned owl, <propfemale> badger, komodo dragon, mandrill, marmot, moose, narwhal whale, red panda, <propfemale>, sloth, snow leopard, spotted hyena, sunda <propfemale>, tasmanian devil, yellow mongoose, white tailed deer"
"well it looks like i've run out of invitations for the day, that's the one thing i really hate about this stupid game lol  but i'll still have everything tomorrow, so if you still need it then let me know  and thank you for the animals that have been sent to me "
animals i need     african buffalo arctic fox asian wildhorse binturong gharial dragonfly chilean flamingo hedgehog sandhill crane
 
"this is what i have to give away    american alligator,  american big horn,  andean condor,  anteater,  beluga whale,  blue whale,  bongo,  brushtail possum,  dolphin,  fennec fox,  fire salamander,  flying fox bat,  giant sable antelope,  gorilla,  great egret,  great horned owl,  <propfemale> badger,  humpback whale,  komodo dragon,  mandrill,  marmot,  moose,  narwhal whale,  ocelot,  red panda,"
all i need is a hedgehog if anyone has an extra one  tyvm to all who sent animals to me  if anyone needs anything let me know and i'll send to you if i have it!!
"i'm going to scream if i keep doing this!! lol does anyone have a camel, otter, or hippo???"
"going to bed, work in the morning      i will cry if i don't get a hedgehog (not really) but yes i will lol"
"there is a virus speading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you tube  snopes just confirmed  it is a trojan worm virus  it will steal info, infest your system and shut it down  do not open the link  please repost this in your status"
"i only need 2 more slate tiles in farmville if anyone could please help! i'll return the favor, thank you  smile "
one more slate tile to go!!!
"does anyone have a manatee or a hedgehog i can borrow? mine are breeding right now, i will give it back "
need binturong also  i have to get 3 of each and i only have 2 and they are all  breeding  i will promptly return right back to you
"i need to borrow manatee, binturong, and dik dik     will promptly return! thank you!"
is anyone else having problems visiting their friend's zoos today?
where are all the stupid donkeys?!?? i accidently adopted one and haven't seen anymore since grrrrrrr lol
"i have children, (1xboy 1xgirl in fact lol) if you come over unannounced there will be stuff  from one end of the house to the other, dishes in the sink, and hell,  there might even be food crumbs on the floor! but we will be happy, and  that's all that matters to us!    re-post this if you have a house like  mine :-"
"oh crap, new animals!! please don't send me anything new!!! i have got to get past this level first, only a few more hours to go!!! lol"
"<propfemale> alert********stop  playing for a minute-copy and repost! 3 yr old boy taken by man in  rochester mi driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse  plate #98b351 repost now!  seriously!!!!!!! i hope to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times, a  child is in danger - this was on the national news 28 minutes ago"
"yaaaayyy!! i'm done with zoo!! it's about damn time lol  if anyone needs any help with animals just let me know, i'll keep breeding so i have them to send  smile "
"i only need help from 2 more people on my barn raising in farmville!! please, anyone?? lol"
"to fix the new 'show similar posts',  go to    your profile, click the button below \share\"" and then click on    settings  and then in the 'stories posted by friends' section simply    uncheck the  \""combine posts\"" box   the posts  will come back like they   used to be   pass it on since what you have done  affects your posts   only so it may  take a while for all to uncheck their  box"""
"only need 2 more people to help upgrade my greenhouse in zoo, please! thank you!"
"i'm soooo glad they finally fixed the farm so you only have to click once to feed harvest!! lol and with that being said, i no longer need any building materials of any kind  thank you all for the help  smile "
"it's daughter week! if you have a   daughter(s) who makes your life interesting and fun, who has been a   blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around -   copy and paste this to your status  ? your daughters will outgrow your   lap, but never your heart! i'm so thankful god gave me such a  beautiful  gift, i am so blessed"
"is anyone else having problems with their \treasure hunter\"" not working??"""
"if you have a wonderful man who works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you  who makes you laugh, your best friend, who wants to grow old with you  who will always pick you up when you are down, who is your world and someone that you are thankful for! then post this in your status & give the good men the recognition they deserve  great men are few & far between and i have one!!"
i just joined stickam com! come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com bpoirier
"i'd say dealing with the same b s  about 7 years is long enough, eventually i'm going to lose my cool, and when i do     lord help you  for the last time, my hubby is not your baby's daddy so get the fuck over it already! {today's lesson: keep your legs closed & don't be a slut, then you'll know who your baby's daddy is}"
"had a cook out at my sissy's house for father's day    she made crab legs, shrimp, crawdads, bbq ribs, and of course bbq beans, tater salad, and corn on the cob  i'm stuffed and going to bed lol "
wth is wrong with our legal system??? child abuse should be punishable on the same scale as murder & as far as i'm concerned that means the death penalty!! what the fuck is wrong with these people?! it literally makes me sick to my stomach to hear & see what some of these people do to babies! it makes me grit my teeth with anger & i wish i could beat the shit out of those monsters & show them exactly how it feels 
"took the kids to buccaneer bay weeki wachee for the first time today, they had a blast  now it's time to relax, work tomorrow "
i wish there was a hunting season for dumb bitches lol
"what? i need anger management? me? well,i think that you need to kiss my ass"
sometimes i wish i could just punch someone without getting in trouble     life would be so much easier lol
"on average, a 5 year old asks 437 questions a day    that would e playful lain my headache lol"
12-6 cloud      yes or no? lol
i wish that for just one day a week you could legally shoot stupid people
you can't please everybody    but you sure as hell can piss everybody off!
i may be a bitch but atleast i smile when i tell you to fuck off  smile 
"don't judge me like you know me  don't talk to me if you don't like me  i am my own person and if you don't like it, i don't give a damn!"
"excuse me, did you say something?? i'm sorry, all i hear coming out of your mouth is \blah blah blah\"""""
"i love how people say to grow up, then turn around and do very childish things    now who needs to grow up?"
"if you don't know the whole story, just ask! don't take sides on assumptions, assuming you know what's going on when you really don't "
yaaaaayyyyy for mono!!!! lol this shit sucks!!!
"husband for sale!!!! any takers???? hell, at this point i'll just give him away!!! lol"
"to all those people who can't stop talking, yet have nothing important to say     how about a nice big cup of shut the hell up  smile "
sometimes it's just done    know what i mean? just walk away and move on     no ugly words      no formal goodbyes     just no more 
"when i figure out how to get away with murder  \god help you "
cell phone is back on
"now i remember why i don't go clubbing anymore      feet hurt, back hurts, hips hurt    boy it sucks getting old  sad  lol  it was fun though, so i guess it was worth it "
got my new stove! yayyy!! triple chocolate brownies yummyy!!
"what a great day      my son won a brand new bike in a raffle, i have my new stove so i get to make my amazing meatloaf for dinner, and i just finished my enrollment for online criminal justice classes!! first class is monday!! woo hoo!"
"ups just delivered my school books     guess that means it's really time to get to work lol, no more games for a while i suppose     500 word essay, here i come!  playful "
grades are in for first week of school     9 a's (all 100%) and only 1 b!! yayyy meee! lol now it's on to week 2      bleh  playful 
"could really use a magic 'all- better' pill, right about now!"
"i know u don't care, but i just can't help myself lol       i got my son's mid-term, & instead of giving an actual grade, they assess the children on a skills testing chart which is based on the florida state standards for kindergartners  well    a beginning kindergartner is e playful ected to score a 72 or higher for reading, language, and math abilities  my son scored 135! i'm so proud  smile "
"i can be forgiving, understanding, compassionate, kind, inspiring, and thoughtfu    but today is not one of those days "
"father in heaven, today i give you all that i am  i invite you into the weak places in my life so that you can turn them into strengths  in jesus' name "
how many thunderstorms must one person go through before they  finally see a rainbow?
happy 2nd birthday to my baby girl!! and happy 30th birthday to my hubby!!!  smile 
may god bless the soldiers and their families that won't be home this christmas! remember them in your prayers! they are the reason we are home with ours!
i feel like the luckiest woman in the whole world    because i have the world's best husband!
