325e62f4e7e4f64a03fcf831a8d80bf1
is studying to take the nclex  why does everyone hate on wanting to do nothing with your life? lol  apparently that just isn't an option 
is lonely 
had a great night at trivia with <propfemale> and the gang   3rd place isnt too bad is it? but who was there to help me pick up my spare tire on southside boulevard after it fell off from the underside of my truck at midnight? no one  how embarrasing   lol 
had a great night at trivia with <propfemale> and the gang  3rd place isn't too bad is it? but who was there to help me pick up my spare tire on southside boulevard after it fell off from the underside of my truck at midnight? no one  how embarrassing  lol 
"it is hard to be content, when what you really want is out of reach!"
"is it bad that i just want to up and leave? not forever or anything, just want to be somewhere different, e playful eriencing something new, with no plans, no e playful ectations, no responsibility   i need a vacation   who is up for europe? australia? any other suggestions? just something new "
"heading to trivia in cc  we better win tonight, and <propfemale> and <propfemale> better be there  jax is pretty lonely when you dont really know anyone  hoping that will turn around  if you know anyone that works at baptist, mayo clinic, or any other place that needs nurses in jax or st  <propfirst>, definitely let me know, cause i need a job asap  this drive back to gville every weekend is for the birds   i miss everyone!"
"2nd place at trivia   i hate finding out that there are others out there smarter than me   not that that is a hit to my ego, but it's just always nice to have validation of my useless knowledge   cant all the trivia questions be science and math related? i wish   <propfemale> picked up my slack though   who else is free wednesday's at 6 smile 0pm to join? we could definitely use some other brilliant minds "
"heading back to cc, i dont know why i dont just live there  i end up going back literally 3 days a week   but the parents are needy right now   and moving to jacksonville only made me closer to them then gainesville chiefland   could be a good thing, right?"
"far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the grey twilight that knows not victory nor defeat "
"i am so freaking hungry! i wish my best friend who checks her fb every 4 8 seconds would realize this and go with me to get something   how nice that would be   otherwise, i could shrivel up and die here in this recliner   oh lord! please compel her crazy ass to read this and take me to the promised land buffet filled with an endless number of food combinations   amen "
"you haven’t lived until you laughed so much, that you cried  you haven’t lived until you met someone you couldn’t ever let go  you haven’t lived until you found yourself  you haven’t lived until you looked back on everything and smiled, smiled at the good times and the hard times  think, what are you doing right now? are you living?"
"isnt a job promotion something your supposed to want and look forward to? why am i dreading it? seems like the only positive will be the pay   but is it really worth it? and to think they want to promote me now, after i have seriously considered quitting   jerks are trying to keep me around!  what do i do?"
"god, i want to snuggle, lol   too bad the two here right now are too obsessed with their computers and checking facebook to realize the prime opportunity they have to take advantage of me right now  jeeze!"
i love life! i love my roomates! they bring joy and happiness to my being   i really wish that <propmale> and <propfemale> were married so that i could observe the love and devotion to each other that they share   i truly wish that i had someone as special and perfect like <propfemale> does! ugh! maybe someday!  wink 
"thinking about finding another job   if one full time job is good, isnt two full times job better? i could put alot of use to 120k over the next year   money does still buy happiness, doesnt it?"
"my dads not doing well  he is in the hospital again in palatka, im sure he could really use your prayers and support   he is in room 211 if anyone wants to call or wish him well   im sure he would love to know that there are people who care   the number for the hospital is 386-328-5711   im getting ready to go and see him now, he has a surgery scheduled for tomorrow   keep him in your prayers "
"i wish everyone could just get along   but it is clear that that is impossible   sometimes you just have to know when to cut your losses and face the music   can things ever go back to the way they were? can people ever really change? im hoping the answer to some of these questions is yes, but my heart tells me the real answer is no   ugh!"
wish there was a machine that could weigh the pros and cons of something and make the best decision for me   seems like i always follow my heart which leads me down a path involving heartache and uncertainty   maybe that is where all paths lead sometimes   hmmm 
why does it feel like it is 6 billion degrees outside right now   i walked out for 2 minutes and thought i was going to have a heat stroke   now im lying naked on the floor hoping i can stop the water loss before i die of dehydration 
i hate that we all can't just get along  i like to forgive and forget but that seems to be very hard for some 
had a great day at the pool and need to eat and then go down to cc
pondering my life and wishing that i was independently wealthy  does anyone know the upcoming lotto <propfirst>?
sitting in new vision beauty salon in jacksonville waiting for my undisclosed <propfemale> friend to get her snatch waxed  isn't it great to look 12 again?
my undisclosed <propfemale> friend just said that the waxing lady really knew her way around down there  she would recommend her to everyone  so if you need a deforestation now you know where to go  happy bush whacking ladies!
poor lady at the vn nails salon on baymeadows in jax  she literally just scraped a pound of skin off each of my feet  gross yet necessary 
"oil changes, food, and about to hit the bottle  eventful day!"
"working all night! not super excited about it, but it is only two days so i can't complain  and to make it worse i have a serious sunburn that i just got before work and literally feels like i have molten lava on my skin! lord let me keep my arms!"
why are there so many questions in life and no damn answers? the lord knows i need some answers!
why are there so many questions in life and no damn answers? the lord knows i need some answers!
why do people feel the need to lie? if they really cared they would just tell the truth so that you could move on  just hurts when someone you care about lies right to your face and then you have to find out later the truth  life really sucks sometimes  but i'm trying to stay positive  probably is for the best!
super excited about seeing the new resident evil movie  hard to e playful lain how nice it is to spend quality time with people you love and care about  wish i had people like that  lol  just kidding!
don't be owlin' me!
wow! resident evil super sucked  no one should see this movie seriously  save your money and don't waste your time  i probably would have rather sawed my arm off then seen that for 8 bucks! jeeze! what a letdown 
just had my job interview  could use some prayers! lol  think it went really well though 
wishing i wasnt so bored! house sitting for the parents while they are down in key west for the holiday   hope everyone is having fun and being safe!
in the hospital on my bday  super sucks  especially since this is my first time in a hospital as a patient  just hoping things get better 
