a8a9ffe19e70fdd80beff6de637f5675
"i hate people who judge  act like you know me, when you really don't!  so, why judge me  seriously  watch when i come back to school  > surprise "
pissed   about whatever  > sad 
haha! so bored   ready for school to be back in!!! can't wait for west side story!!!
west sidestory is in oneweek   very excited   first speaking role in a <propmale> play   
"wonder why do people try to bring out the worst in others       suffering from w s s withdrawal syndrome  funny how people think they know me, and how older people get more stuff than someof my own frineds do  funny huh? miss all you west side story people!"
um     i wuv you! [head tilt] lol 
trying out for drama at my school    i need two monologues! i have no idea what i'm doing! spring break   its about time! super excited!  can anyone help with a monologue?
lol bored   working at the library! love it? txt me lol
at work    bored  still looking for monologues   anybody know any good ones! i know you thespians do! work with me here people!  smile 
still at work       ahh! lol  its fun
"i want everyone to see this, and give m you honest opinion   i just want to know something: what is the thing you least like about me  send me a message and tell me  please "
i finally realize that   life is actually what you make it  i shouldnt care what people think  its the best feeling in the world  im genuinely happy    smile 
is losing ten pounds by friday  or else 
i made guard!   and im estatic   im floating at the moment   congrats to everyone else that made it! im so proud of you!!!
"hates pretending everything is okay when obviously, its definitely not  not sure how much more she can take before it all comes crashing down "
"r i p  miracle  she was my puppy, not my cat  please guys, no jokes okay? its not funny  i miss her "
"is wishing she could actually tell u how she felt  hates hiding in a shell thats not even her own  wants to let you know, but judging how u are now, doesn't want her heart broken  sad "
"how can anyone be happy when your mind and heart are both racing for the crown, & you mind's winning? things you know arent true   but they take you over "
u know what im do? something so incomprehensible few can understand  sitting here screaming isnt going to change a thing all i can do is smile and hide it 
u know what going thru? something so hurting few can understand it  sitting here screaming isnt going to change a thing all i can do is smile and hide it 
i dont want pity  or shame  i just want you to tell me when it stops  i just want it to stop  its like a constant dream that always turns into a nightmare 
why do i almost wish-almost  that i had never told you  i knew deep down inside what the situation was  why?
im lost  why can't i just say it? will you laugh at me? be happy  i dont know if i made a huge mistake or not  what can i do?
is losing ten pounds by next friday before she loses her mind and snaps 
is mad at her self for even thinking she wasnt fat  hasnt lost one pd yet 
just saved a box turtle from being crushed by a tire trying to get across the street!!  smile 
"make it stop  thats all i ask  for one day in my life  i just ask that i can be happy genuinely- without this constant heartbreak  \[*83@utiifull: laugh ii$@$t3r]"
"just got done wit my rehab 4 my knee  first session  just 2 say   it was interesting    \~$w33t t00th* smile "
"funny that the very person that you care about, you end up pushing away, and you dont know if you'll ever be able to get over it  it hurts that bad "
"hates that everything she touches either 1) runs away 2) is just totally there for the wrong reasons or \3) she messes up and ruins completely  i hate jr"
is still attempting 2 lose 12 pds 
"there u happy  im broken  nothing in this world will mend this  nothing  and all the talking in the world, cant stop the pain  someone mite as well say goodbye "
having fun hanging out  loves summer  being so   content just being me 
stop saying this stuff will help  it wont  its gets worse and worse  im falling more and more  its too late 2 try 2 save me  too damn late  im gone 
of course  i would mess up stuff more then it already is  stop saying you care when you just leave me  all of you  if you honestly care text me  probably dont 
im  dead  on the inside just wait  im so dumb stupid ignorant annoying stuck up ugly useless depressing fat wack weak im unmeandable i cant even keep a friend 
im so dumb stupid ignorant annoying stuck up ugly useless black soft imperefect depressing fat wack weak im unmeandable i cant even keep a friend 
its funnny how some certain someone can stay on your mind   as much as they want you  to let them go   you cant 
its funny how you put alll ur  heart and soul into one person  and then find out there in a relationship 
hates that she just cant move on  its almost impossible 
statistics by lyfe jennings is totally my theme song  i needed to hear it 
"i had a true realization: i dont need you  i've finally figured that out  i thought i did  i thought i couldn't live without you  now i can  it was nice while it lasted, it really was  but, the way i figure it   it just wasn't meant to be  now i'm free  from you, and all the other people holding me down  i love it  now i'm gonna be me  smile )"
"you know what???!! i'm happy i no longer have to deal with you  i'm sexy, talented, gorgeous, intelligent, funny, sweet, and i know i can do better  maybe i tried to get you back sometimes, but i finally realized it wasn't worth trying to get someone back who wasn\t worth my time  i'm smiling again   smile )"""
"rule #1 laugh on't be a booty call  if he don't respect you,girl, he's gonna forget you,girl \rule 2:if he's in a relationship, and he's gonna cheat on her   he\s gonna cheat on you   \",a8a9ffe19e70fdd80beff6de637f5675,"the celtics died june,17,2010 at staple center  rip  you will be missed   wink "
aw  you thought i was jealous?? hmm  don't worry-apology accepted  thats right-your bad!  wink  my sissys know what i'm talking about lol 
how in the world do you change your facebook name on here ppl??? need help here 
iitt took mii til now to realiize that ppl love[ love ] to hate on me for the simple face that they know iim better than them  && after all that bs iim still strong  ii dare you to knock me down  has a miind set bigger than she ever had before   aiint no way she going down like she used to  lov3 && happiiness   smile )
"iif you dont lik me, don't respect me and dont wanna keep it real with <propfemale>   why do you even tlk to <propfemale>, and about <propfemale>   that just makes me more famous   and keeps me on you miind  you'lll <propfemale> find anotha lik <propfemale>  i'm one of the most real, regardless of what my hatters say  thanx  for keepiing me famous   smile  i keep my friiends close   and my enemiies closer  whatever you say makes me stronger "
"needs her sisters, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> right now  i knew i should have listened when she said boys are stupid     sad ("
"f*ck love{ love }, i'm tiired of tryiin'   my heart big but it beat quiiet "
"somebody tell mii why you never ever see a black person work @ a mexican or chinese restaurant!! whats up wiith thatt?\[b*tch m3ntaliity^]"
whhyy would u possiibly thiink i caree   wen you kno ii don't  i've had so many haters i can't even count them all  and you wanna know why??? cuz  unliike them  ii have {class}  i'm a real bllack barbiie!  smile )
"aahhh!! so so so soree! but iim happy!  smile ] working as hard as ii can in guard  iim not giving up ever  this is what ii worked so hard for, iisnt it? cant waiit!"
why u always think cuz   or ur iinsults that iim gone   they alwayz try to briing me down   and yet they dont succeed  dont you see?? ur comments just make <propfemale> stronger   at least ii know ur paying attention!!!!  smile ) <propfemale> mariellea takes over in approx  5 days  be prepared  lata faces   smile )
school in a few hours  im ready  <propfemale> mariellea has offically taken over  don't try me  i don't have time to messing with lames and fakes  lata faces   smile ]
its amazing how i haven't fallen and given up by now 
wtf?? why do u get so much pleasure outta startiing rumors from a siimple  questiion? iis that too much to ask?? thats why ii hate iimmature folks  they just want somethiing to tlk about!!
"hey boii i do me, you need to do you, you stop worriing bout me and start worriing bout you  lata faces "
i dont go around fire e playful ecting not to sweat 
fake friends right the wrong answers on the mirror for meh 
now i got 32 flavors of that bootylicious bubble gum   wink 
this goes to my haters  if im so lame why make a point of it?? u look like a idiot! dont be mad cuz i got the guts to act real  im gulping some hatarade   wink 
please excuse me and my language:: im fuqqking straight  just cuz you ask someone a damn question and tlk to them doesnt make you gay  thats stupid as hell 
"you can say what you want about me, but a ii am who ii am, and thats someone you will never even attempt to be  me   smile "
"if you got haters, that means that your usually better than them  if you don't, start worrying "
yay!!! my phone is back on!! tx if ya know the number so i can get this all back   smile 
please add the jazz age as your likes and post on it pretty please it's for a project   smile 
"r i p  mom  12 23 10 no mattr what happens, ill always think of you  regardless of circumstances:you were my mom  i love you  i miss you  things will never be the same  save a place for me     love "
r i p  mom  12 23 10: ill always think of you  regardless of circumstances:you were my mom  i love you  i miss you  things will never be the same  save a place for me     love 
"thankful for friends, fam and others for support  lord,please be with me  i need the strength and the courage "
"<propfemale> mcdowell memorial:: \sunday, dec  26 2010\highland baptist church\@ 2pm "
cant sleep  up since 8 and i cant sleep  way too much on my brain 
   ha  some christmas huh 
thanx everyone who came and supported me  you dont know how much it means to me   smile 
"sweet home alabama   \just ate me nine bananas   \my cat got drowned in louisiana!!! \-def comedy jam  \lmao  tripping me out "
    its ridunkulous how much i miss her  i don't know       
