39ac287a9f47b478046299657eb77f1e
"almost 4 a m  not a bad time to be home, right?"
"\if you wanna get with me there's some things you've got to know  i like my beats fast and my bass down low \"""""
my mom is not making it easy for me to start eating healthier this year  i just woke up to fresh from the oven cinnamon rolls  annoyed 
got life almost figured out  smile 
"\mmmmm donut \""  laugh  thanks daddy  best text message ever """
<propfirst>'s today  should be cool   smile 
learning the ins and outs of a home run business can get complicated  annoyed  somewhat exciting to learn new things though  have to do it at some point before daddy is stuck in the hospital  *sigh*
just when you think someone's actually your friend  annoyed  ah well  life goes on 
being alone freakin sucks  haha  daddy i miss you  sad 
<propmale> out with the crawford family today  had some fun  still miss daddy 
it has been a long 3 or 4 days   annoyed 
"mamma's cookin' dinner tonight  should help relieve some stress  had a bit of a scare at the hospital today  to anyone who cares, pray for my daddy  i really would love to talk to him again  i could use one of his big bear hugs "
"just got a fun message  \ur cute r u single? im 17 what about u?\"" oh the bluntness of people these days """
i can't even begin to understand how i'm supposed to deal with this     
was thinkin about goin' to <propfemale> for a few hours today  could've been fun  damn winds  sounded so relaxing and distracting   annoyed 
i start school in two days  oh goodness  nerves nerves nerves  plus excitement  smile 
today's the day   smile 
i think i like school again smile 
i have homework for a class i haven't even attended yet   annoyed 
i really wish my dog wouldn't pleasure himself in front of me    gross  time to go outside <propmale>  haha
i'm sick of it  of all of it  i don't need other people's bullshit finding it's way into my life right now  i've got quite enough on my plate  trying to do homework in this environment is useless  too much on my mind  goodnight all  gonna sleep it off 
a two and a half hour break between classes    boredom 
i miss him so much   
been a long day  i love you sis   love 
"had dinner with the sis  now waiting for philosophy: language, mind, and reality to begin  just forty more minutes  not so bad  music and laptop helps  smile "
boys  love  college is wonderful  smile  hahahaha
only one class tomorrow  a meeting with a photographer  and the rest of the day to do whatever i please  should be a good day  smile  i hope 
thunder!  love 
"this weather is getting a little ridiculous  i go inside and it's <propfemale> and like 85 degrees, then 20 minutes later, i glance out and the entire campus is ducking for cover because it's pouring rain  now i just got out of class and it's hot and bright again  stupid  haha"
wow  quite a month  quite  a  month  i went home tonight to walk into a burglary  someone was in my fucking house  really? what else you going to throw at me?
"lovin' this weather  my laptop on the other hand, is not so happy with random downpours of rain "
i like it on the floor  love 
yeah  it's kind of pointless 
school    eh  glad the weeks almost over  love the people though  i very much enjoy approaching strangers and starting a conversation  smile 
"waiting to begin philosophy: language, mind, and reality discussion  my brain already hurts  annoyed  gah"
got an offer from a photographer  offered to fly me out to alaska and put me in a hotel for a night to do a shoot with him  all from his wallet  tempting    but no  i cannot  annoyed  school and personal safety first! although i would like to visit alaska 
happy birthday daddy  love 
missin' him   
just got home from school  think my ipod's broken  annoyed  ah well not the end of the world  pizza for dinner  mom's tryin' to fatten me up 
more symmetry in faces suggests more copulatory orgasms?    strange class  am i going to be tested on this? haha
don't want to go to class    don't want to go to class    don't want to go to class    crap  i have to go to class   annoyed 
i want a new car  i'm thinkin    hyundai sonata  yep   smile  it's going to be mine 
what can i say? i like the dorky kids  smile 
"had a test today, have a test on monday, have a test on tuesday  could we maybe space these out a little more people?"
getting sick  annoyed 
"got a halloween costume  it's pink  gasp! party tonight, don't know if i'll go "
mom and her boyfriend    cuddling  sister and her girlfriend    cuddling  me and my    laptop? pathetic  haha
psych 002 exam    check  philosophy 010 midterm    check  psych 049 test    tomorrow   annoyed 
feelin' like caca  cat's following me around  i'm sneezy   annoyed 
left class early  not feelin' so great 
shopping is wonderful therapy   love 
"got a new cell number  if i haven't already sent you a message with it and you want it, send me a message, either to my phone or here on facebook, and i'll give it to you   smile "
"\party and party and party and par and par and party and party   \"" that's been stuck in my head all day  what the hell is that? haha"""
philosophy    actually    made sense today!  laugh 
anyone wanna <propfemale> out? i'm tired of being home on friday nights  haha
i'd love it if people could actually spell   
back from the dirty show  pretty fun  comedians are    well    funny  haha
there are at least 30 flies surrounding me right now    i hate bugs 
"it's after midnight and my cat is stalking me  every time i sit down, he's on me, bein' all cute and cuddly  when i leave, he chases me down  i'm just trying to get ready for bed!"
i don't like this shift in weather  i much prefer the cold and rainy days  i miss them already  love 
i share the birthday of april 9th with <propfemale> jameson and <propmale> hefner    couldn't i have better people to share that with? haha oh! there's <propfemale> porizkova too  smile  that's a little better 
hangin' out with <propfemale> <propfirst> crawford at cal poly pomona  love 
why do so many people insist i look like <propfirst> diaz? haha  i don't get it  3 or 4 times this week alone!
"excuse me, i'm sorry, i'm really such such a lady  love "
"i'm as cold as the cold wind, blows when it snows and it's twenty below  love "
thanks <propfirst> <propfirst>  wink  hahaha got it!
it bothers me a little bit that there are 10 year olds more talented and successful out there than i am  haha i whip my hair back and forth!
"jingle bells\my shit smells\and i am fucking fake!\\all along\i knew better\and that was my first mistake   \\ahhhh  mindless self indulgence  i love you crazy people  haha  love "
no school tomorrow!!!  laugh 
it has been    a pretty damn good week   laugh  things appear to be turning around in a positive way 
i like to read up on the traits of my sign and chinese year  aries and the year of the monkey  it usually seems surprisingly accurate  smile 
my room is finally almost clean! thank you <propfirst> <propfirst> for helping    sorta  haha
did a lot of driving today  a bit tired  scratched the back of my neck pretty hard  made it bleed  annoyed  damn nails  gonna clean some more  start on my psych essay too  bein' all productive and what not 
"\that phone is sooo annoying\"" hahahaha"""
"got up at 5 smile 0 to go to the gym because my friends <propfemale> fogerty and <propfemale> nitahara wanted me to  who chooses to be up that early? haha  ah well, i'm tired but i'm glad i did it  feels good   smile "
    good day  smile 
"    hell why not? i feel like saying nice things  like my status, i say one thing that i like about you and blah blah blah   smile "
good workout this morning  props to <propfemale> fogerty for bein' stronger than i thought  keep it up 'cuz it just keeps me motivated!  smile 
have to be in court tomorrow by 8 smile 0a m to testify against the guy who robbed my house  bleeeh  guess it's time to get to bed then huh?
it's friday night  let's go out!  love 
kinda want to go to club sevilla  anyone?
riverside is the third worst place in the country for finding a job    great 
movies tomorrow with <propfemale> hook after my early morning gym visit  smile 
"it sincerely irritates me to great extents when people, who are well aware they need to make a certain turn soon, be it left or right, stay in the comple opposite <propfirst> until the last possible second, then cut everyone off because the're too stupid or self-involved to stay in the more convenient and sensible <propfirst> "
got my winter quarter classes set up  aaaaannndd     they suck   annoyed  i hate being a freshman all over again  haha
aced a philosophy midterm   love  excited  laugh 
change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday december 6th  support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status!
flippin' blast from the past  i almost forgot about all these awesome old cartoons!! missing the good old days love 
"holidays\are tough       i wish heaven had a phone    so i could hear your voice\again  i thought of you today   but that's nothing new  i thought of \you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence and \often speak your name  all i have are memories and pictures in a \      frame       repost if you have someone in heaven that you miss on \earth    "
congrats band kids!  smile  now    will i stop seeing soooo many posts about your band-o activities?  wink 
my cat's flippin' out  wont stop meowing  following me incessantly  every time i try to leave him he paws at my ankle to keep me in place  i picke him up and he gripped on super tight to my arm like a child    i think he has issues  haha
what a shitty day 
"so apparently    the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character thing was actually created by a group of of pedophiles, because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them, it was currently on the program internet frauds and will apparently be on tv some time tonight, put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back  sheesh  damn facebook"
completed and submitted my philosophy term paper  12 hours early even! *phew!* glad that's over with  bed time  love 
i'm thinkin'    sims time  smile  haha
"okay the sims is just way too addictive  had to coax myself off of it so i could go to bed before like, 5 a m  *cough*patty*cough*  wink  love ya sis"
wow  my best friend from the first through third grade just found me on facebook  nostalgia is a strange feeling indeed  the way the memories kind of just hit you with even the smallest of reminders  hmmmm   smile 
cleaning your room while simultaneously holding up a semi intriguing phone conversation at 1 a m  is    exhausting  goodnight  haha
i have an addiction    to shopping    especially clothing    damn evil clothing stores 
"\this thing is okey mcsmokey skiddly doo\"" \",39ac287a9f47b478046299657eb77f1e,hangin out at empty ucr with <propfemale> <propfirst>  ran from a raccoon  scary stuff  haha
"i'm starting to get really sick of retarded doctors  my sister went in to get some metal removed from her arm from the last time she broke it, and in doing so, the idiot re-broke her arm "
"ahhh  cozy blanket, new massage chair, and about time for sleep  smile "
"i spent at least 5 hours completing a term paper for philosophy and turned it in through the online drop box  apparently, it didn't go through, so i got a zero  i hate technology sometimes  what's wrong with just handing the damn things in?"
got my paper submitted  again  haha  i have the sweetest t a ever  thank you <propfemale>!
why are people still awake? <propfirst>? <propfemale>? cissy?    me? oh  okay goodnight  smile  ha
"just realized that, even though my paper (worth 10% of my grade), didn't go through and received a zero, i have an a in my philosophy class because i totally aced my final  laugh  excited "
wow  can you say 'downpour'? love it   laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  smile 
i gave myself a christmas gift today  a clean room  thank  goodness 
"i'm having kind of a crud day, but it's funny because two friends i haven't heard from in awhile decided to contact me out of nowhere just about simultaneously "
"relaxing on my bed, playing the sims 3 while messing with my new ipod touch and laptop, listening to my old ipod's music on it's ihome, making plans for a kick back tomorrow  i feel like such a brat  haha"
oops      haha
"finally home  pretty tired, but i had a good night  time for bed   smile "
in kind of a crap mood  not even sure why   annoyed 
"well, no new years plans yet  boooring "
hey i start school again tomorrow!    crap   annoyed 
i seriously worry myself sometimes   
new obsession: green tea lattes  smile 
gosh i must be getting older  some little girl just asked me if i had a daughter  haha
i hate doing this  annoyed  this house holds so many memories     
"i am physically, emotionally, and mentally exhausted  mostly physically  i'm almost sure there's gonna be a pop quiz in my sociology class tomorrow, and i'm havin' a rough time gettin' through the reading  save me from this madness!"
ugh  whatever  goodnight 
it's pretty sad when it takes me about twenty to twenty five minutes to walk to my first class from the parking lot walking as quickly as i can 
"why is it that short people get the \fun sized\"" thing? what do average and tall people get? huh?"""
it is crazy <propfemale> where i live  the field by my neighborhood is completely overrun with tumble weeds that are being flung around  driving to school and such has become like one of those obstacle avoidance driving games  haha
"tiiired  party was kinda slow  liked it, but not sure i'm cut out for that particular kind socializing  some guys are just creeps  ew   "
"can't believe that i feel   \\good enough,\i feel good enough \it's been such a long time coming, but i feel good \\and i'm still waiting for the rain to fall \pour real life down on me \'cause i can't hold on to anything this good enough \am i good enough for you to love me too?"
"my ipod downlaoaded a song onto itself randomly without taking any money out of my account  it's a good song, and apparently a free one  is that supposed to happen? haha"
this is the second time i've asked for a green tea latte and they give me hot chocolate    damn coffee bean!
oh my    wasn't e playful ecting to feel so much   
people who have 100 pictures of themselves making the same stupid face make me nauseous 
i wish i could understand the words coming from my <propfemale>'s mouth    yeah that might help   annoyed 
    i hate school sometimes 
power outage      awesome 
i am sooo sore  big thanks to <propfemale> koch and <propfirst> knisley for totally wrecking me at fast lap last night  ;p
fergie fucked up a perfectly good song 
oh he's good   
well    that sucks  goodnight 
71 year old woman foils jewelry heist by beating the men with her purse  you go grandma!!
"all the other kids with the pumped up kicks you better run better run, outrun my gun and all the other kids with the pumped up kicks better run better run, faster than my bullet "
what an interesting day night  i think    i loved it all! thank you <propfemale> nitahara! i love you  smile 
it's <propfirst>'s day  my <propfirst>? well i have a date with him at 3 surprise 0 today  his name? mr  psychology midterm the 2nd     
"\you can't stutter when your talking with your eyes\"""""
"it's school  not a strip club  put some damn clothes on, yeah?"
why don't i ever freaking wake up to my alarms!?
wow    i just realized how much is on my to-do list this week    i'm screwed  annoyed 
must the gym be so crowded all the time?  annoyed 
you can't spell slaughter without laughter 
"my sociology professor gave us a pop quiz, and put stars next to the correct answer after writing \take a close look* at these answers\"" beforehand  best  professor  ever """
finally home  wonderful night morning  warm cozy bed here i come!  smile 
"\coffee makes me poop\""    that's when i knew he was definitely worth my time   smile  hahaha"""
"i have got to stop procrastinating everything  i mean, it always works out for me, but it's still a terrible habit  but    go me! got my shit done   smile "
"dear <propfirst> captaindouchebag fernelius, i would very much like it if you would stop talking in your sleep  i am trying to watch tosh o  k? thanks "
feel myself getting sick  annoyed 
i have officially given my mother full permission to throw things at my head in the morning to wake my lazy ass up  please go easy on me   annoyed 
whoa    i think i need a pause 
"last final tomorrow  blehhh  but then beach trip friday with the boyfriend, one of the best friends, and one of my girls   love "
much needed girl talk with <propfemale> fogerty love  thanks gorgeous  missed you 
nah it's cool  i wasn't trying to sleep or anything   
helping with club food week at my old high school  makes me happy i'm not stuck here any longer 
answer me this    juice it up or jamba juice?
feelin' pretty good  love spending time with my baby  he takes my mind off of all the bad stuff  love 
school's    interesting  feel like crap  the day just seems to drag on  hopefully i start feelin' better so i'm less whiney   smile 
my day got better  smile  had a long talk with my mamma that felt like it only lasted minutes  much needed  love you mamma  love 
"i feel like i've stepped into a sauna called riverside  sometimes, my ability to tan ridiculously fast is a curse   annoyed "
