e3fb00c48879275d0d1a9678497ecbbb
there is no god   only beatles!!! screw lennon for forgetting that!!!
video games are art      i proved it
cake is yummy
i was up until 6am playing rainbow six vegas 2  im going for a repeat tonight
cotilion practice sucks  dancing is cool
too much rainbow six vegas 2   about   to   die
now i'am onto splinter cell   just as great
goddamn russell   good comeback on the gay joke   i call for peace in our fued of gay bashing despite the fact we're not gay
getting ready for d-day   waltz is complete   cha cha almost complete   ready to eat
watching a movie with my sister    filling out surveys on facebook    eating milk duds    crying inside
mia from facebook for 2 months    e playful ect further delays  smile 
omg halo 3 odst !!!!
"3 day weekend    3 days to play the beatles: rock band, halo 3: odst, and read my national government textbook"
oh shit!!!! obama is awesome !!!!
eeeeeek   its almost 12 am
yay roger's birthday !!!! only other friend who is 19 years old    we might die before anyone else tho   which sucks  sad 
cookies !!!!
paranormal activity was a bullshit movie   give me bak my $10 assholes
"there are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why    i dream of things that never were, and ask why not? <propfirst> kennedy"
stuck in chinese society in culture right now      with <propfemale>  sad 
4 more days to forza motorsport 3 limited edition  laugh 
omg    400+ cars   100 tracks    hella fun with forza 3
i want to be a freemason hella bad  surprise 
waiting for <propfemale> and m e  to get out of class   good luck with the job interview <propmale> !!!!
this halloween weekend was the best ever and also the most fun i had this whole year  but it comes ands goes without its sad side    rest in peace <propfemale> <propfirst>
"is coming back from the wfg champions bowl ii in visalia  learned a lot  heard a lot  thought a lot  bust most of all: the only difference between your dream and a fantasy is this, you have a plan for your dream "
<propfemale> essay due next thursday not this thursday   awesome !!!
cant wait for p e  next semester !!!!
i think i might add another p e  class and a guitar class    hmmm   iono tho   i cant have more than 19 units
"i just watched angels and demons   awesome movie   now how do i join this \illuminati\"" ? they sound like a couple of swell folks"""
this might sound crazy but    we will never get into heaven  we must accept the daunting task of becoming better people in order to create a heaven in this world 
yes   one more week of freedom until school starts  smile 
"\the greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do \"" -<propfirst> bagehot"""
to be a winner you have to place first   to be the <propfirst> you have to break through your boundaries and accomplish a once impossible feat
"leave the the people who have chosen to leave themselves tattered, keep the people who choose to keep themselves loyal, and love the people who will choose to love rather than destroy "
"friends do not flow in and out of your life  they do not wash up onto the shores of your desires  each friend you have started out as a seed  encapsulated by the world they came from  only through respect, loyalty, and love will they grow into a flower  each a special and unique part of the garden you will forever tend to "
a dream you dream alone is only a dream  a dream you dream together is reality  -<propfirst> lennon
watching <propfemale> the story of us   history is awesome !!!
"kababayan essay, oral research project, and download halo reach beta    too much to do!!!"
"arizona = nazi germany   prepping my papers if i ever need to go there  p s  arizona governor and proponents of new law   f&#k you, fascists!!!"
"i read the news today, oh boy  about a lucky man who made the grade and though the news was rather sad, well, i just had to laugh "
uc <propfemale> <propfirst> has a beatles class!!?? that's freakin' awesome!!
how do i add oceana and skyline to my networks tab on the side of the profile? please help me !!!
"webpage complete     *ding*     achievement unlocked, 0g, pulling off a last second project completion"
"damn!!! so much for finishing my oral research project   now i have to prepare a 15 minute presentation about blue scholars' song \life & debt\"""""
congrats to all the oceana seniors who earned awards last night   even bigger props for those who came from robertson
"woot woot!!! july 10, at at&t park, <propfirst> mccartney  is rollin into town  gotz me some tickets!!! can't wait to bask in his greatness!!"
two essays and two finals to finish off the year   my goal for the summer: get out of the house!!!
chicago and <propfirst> mccartney concerts in the bay area   i cant wait for summer!!!
"just finished my body weight conditioning final    passed it!!\-9 pounds\-2% body fat"
essay complete!!! 6 5 pages of awesomeness for the teach to read   time to sleep zzzzz
the orange box is hella fun!!!
i will not be happy until i walk into uc <propfemale> <propfirst> as a student!!! go slugs!!!
woo!!! 4 a's and a b and c for my spring 2010 term grades   school rocks
how do i red ring my xbox 360 ?! someone tell me how to kill my 360 !!!
"mgs fever !!! now i need a nintendo 3ds for metal gear solid 3d snake eater, and metal gear solid rising on a new xbox 360 slim"
omg <propfirst> mccartney concert was awesome!!
listening to the good evening new york city album by <propfirst> mccartney and trying to write an essay on the shawshank redemption 
thank you everyone   it sucks that there isn't enough cake for everyone  sad 
can't wait for the 49ers to play in london   im going to be blasting the beatles while we kick <propmale>'s ass
why do i hate the world series and the giants? - hella people coming out of the cutties acting like they've backed the giants for years when they just hopped on the bandwagon once the playoffs and world series came into sight - the same fuckers who are dissing the 49ers now are the ones who will be cheering them on when we get the right team in place
watching 49ers game   niners up 3 to nothing
niners with the win   now we're 2-6  woo !!!
"i'm still in a bit of shock over the giants' world series championship   i can only imagine how it felt to see the 49ers win their first super bowl championship    then their second, third, fourth, and fifth championships (i wasn't raised watching football every sunday so i missed our latest win)  crazy parade today tho "
49ers pull of an overtime victory against the rams!!! <propfirst> smith was out there throwing bullets for more than 300 yards   and no interceptions!!! niners improve to 3-6   damn   today was great 
"all you need in life is xbox live, the internet, netflix, and hulu    nuff said"
noooo!!! goddamn buccaneers!!! damn you to hell!!!
"i just realized the exact dates my life had forever changed (for the better)   watching batman returns in 1992, going to the theaters to watch <propfemale> wars in 1997, playing microsoft's xbox and halo in 2001, and being e playful osed to the beatles in 2009  i can't think of anything else that's been so influential in my life "
holy shit    paul mccartney is on saturday night live tonight    just awesome   fab!!!
"playing dance central and kinect adventures at my house   apparently i'm a \monster\"" on the lady gaga songs  no one at my house has beat my scores yet """
