67c9c1dcd91f0e825ff608cc08ee6268
is sitting at work way too early and very bored!
another early morning at the sanctuary     annoyed 
sitting at work waiting for seven o'clock to roll around    it feels like i'm always sitting at work haha
is starting to get really angry at the fact her internet hasn't worked for almost two weeks!!
off to my first day of school     annoyed 
is driving to <propfemale> utah today    anyone know where that is??
has a really bad headache   still
really bored at work     and super tired and kinda stuffed up really not looking forward to this week haha
thanks for coffee friends  smile  love you!!
is very excited to get away for the weekend!!!  smile 
"i'm looking at you through the glass, dont know how much time has passed, oh god it feels like forever, but no one ever tells you that forever feels like home, sitting all alone inside your head"
another day   another long ass day!! cant wait for saturday night!!! then i can relax  smile 
for sure hit my wall this morning when i woke up and had to go to school    i'm <propfemale> over it!!
6 more days! i can do it!
i need a vacation!
she's making my lint dance
is really tired and i'm not quite sure if i'm ready for this week yet   
i am so ready for this week to be over and it just started!  sad 
"miss my reno fam, but it was still fun   hello again salt lake"
he looks like a <propmale>  smile 
"if you wanna go and take a ride wit me, we three-wheelin in the fo' with the gold d's, oh why do i live this way?"
so so very tired  smile 
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, that's alright because i like the way it hurts, just gonna stand there and hear me cry, that's alright because i love the way you lie,\\i love the way you lie, i love the way you lie"
"\every time i look at this i pee my pants a little\"""""
got in a car accident on my way home from work   totally sucks!  sad 
oh <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
sometimes i wish life wasn't so complicated and all the answers to everything would just appear in my head  
"taking a walk to the food court yesterday for lunch with <propfemale>, minding our own business when the best pickup line ever happened    \what's your facebook status?\"""""
coffee sounds nice right about now  
i like it wherever there's space
happy birthday <propfirst> lennon
go jazz go
you may say that i'm a dreamer but i'm not the only one i hope someday you'll join us and the world will live as one
i think it's time for a vaca again   
salon wars this saturday october 16th!!! come support the sanctuary hair team at club elevate downtown!!! doors open at 7 show starts at 8 and goes until 10  after party from 10 to 2!!! tickets $10 or ask me!!
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights    93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your status for at least one hour? promote love & acceptance! not hate
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter as long as i'm laughing with you
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!! it was an amazing birthday and a pretty bomb 22 on the 22!! lol love you all!!  smile 
my best friend gave me the best advice he said today's a gift and not a given right   so live like you're never living twice don't take the free ride in your own life
such a great weekend    i just can't get over it!!  smile 
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status  do it for at least an hour, for those who havedied of cancer or who are still fighting"
yoga today was amazing!! but totally kicked my ass!!
"poppin bottles in the ice, like a blizzard when we drink it we do it right gettin slizzard sippin sizzurp in my ride, like three 6 now i'm feelin so fly like a g6"
hmmm yoga?
long day at work   glad it is over!!
"crush a bit, little bit, roll it up, take a hit feelin’ lit feelin’ light, 2 am summer night "
yup far too early to be up and at work   
i love that it's snowing!!
go jazz go!!!
so glad it's friday!!!  smile 
oh how much i love utah   love the snow love the utes and gotta love the jazz  smile 
wow don't know if i should ever drink champagne again!! but the pictures made it worth it!  smile 
being sick is not fun   hope it's gone tomorrow!
12 more days!! the countdown is on!
"december 7, a day to always be remembered, \a date which will live in infamy\"""""
i think coffee is going to win this battle this morning   
wendover here we come  smile 
i will pee on a fricken pricker bush! haha
"remember, this christmas, while you are eating your dinners and laughing, that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting  they gave their life so that you can sit with your family  so light a candle this christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back    and for those still serving in iraq, afghanistan, or elsewhere  repost this as your status to show respect"
"yesterday was a good day of football, go steelers!"
time to get our dance on tonight!!!!  wink 
i'm kinda glad i missed the jazz game this morning   
my glass is empty   this sucks
let's go steelers!!
go steelers!!!
definitely an awesome weekend!  smile 
so excited for miss <propfirst> to be here this weekend!!!  smile 
