d132709abadaa065db5b935b60776253
"ok so took my mom out for drinks  and lets just say it was intresting evening  i have some great stories to tell!!! warning to all, stay on her good side when she has a few , she is a fiesty little spit fire  she is 4'7\ but her attitude is 10ft tall and bullet proof  lmao"""
alive i am alive  lol
pizza and vodka here i come!!!
its wednesday and im already unbelieveably tired  just wanna curl up on couch and watch movies  this heat sucks!
hmmm    well    see   uhh   ummm  yeah   whatever
hey     can you see me now??
where did the all the time go?
another lonely day
360 chocolate vodka shots with mom  problems will still be there in the mornin but there is not any in sight as far as i can see for right now  lmao
sometimes its really hard to behave! esp when being bad looks so good! heheh
"i want to be any where but here, in siloamsprings, arkansas   sad "
"being single has awesome advantages,    but after a while there are so many things it really sucks to have to go without "
does any one really listen and use other peoples advice?
ugh  is it friday yet??
you have got to be kidding me  right??
missing someone  sad 
gonna be a wonderfully fantastic day   what am i thinking   the whole freakin weekend!
what a b-e-a-u-tiful day  i am so happy!
"there should be an automatic visitaion law for both parents when a child is born, married or not  u should have 2 take the other parent 2 court & prove 2 be unfit for visitation  a person should not have 2 be charged 2 have a child & no legal rights for visitation  1 person should not get 2 assume automatic sainity & control 2, terrorize, tourture & manipulate the other parent, using the child  where is equal right?"
every day just keeps getting better than the one before! enjoying all life little things!  smile 
is it the weekend yet???
decided to make some gumbo and dang near took of the whole end of my thumb chopping bellpeppers    guess every great cook slips sometimes   hope its the only cause this freakin hurts!!!!
"wow man people are getting more crazy by the seconds now  its a sad to think, these poor psycho's really dont have a clue  lol"
missing my texas home!  sad 
is having a tormented love better than no love at all?? funny how people who dont have a love would say no it isnt   but compelling how people who do will say yes it is better to have none       
hanging and having fun with friends   you know me  live laugh love!!!!!
omg did yesterday just f-ing happen??? i swear i fell into twilite zone! the most unbelievable things kept happening to me   not really good things  strange things   creepy things  wtf???
clean  clean   clean   think thats my purpose in life  cause seems like thats all i do 
livin for the weekend!
nuts opened his eyes last night now they can both see me and they snuggle me with their noses  they know whos got the food   lol
hello   hello       is any one out there      
so so sad   *sigh*  crying 
girls just wanna have fun   oh girls just wanna have fun
just got back from gym  exausted!! i hear shower and nap calling my name  lol
"wow cant believe my \friends\"" are flaking out on me for my b day  thats so not cool!  sad """
broken hearted     worst b-day ever!!  crying 
"i think today is a great day to go fishing!! gonna head down to my secret fishin hole, and enjoy the peace!"
be impeccable with your word  speak with integrity  say only what you mean  avoid using words to speak against yourself or to gossip about others  use the power of your words in the direction of truth and love 
well i made it to 30 today  guess its all down hill now  lmao
thank you to my loved ones for the happy b day wishes!!
"you have my undivided attention rockstar, keep playin that sweet sweet music!!"
still grinning from ear to ear!!
sorry for the broken hearts   but i told you i was a hot item  lmao 
its so hard to find the words to truly e playful ress how happy i am! all things happen for a reason   and im glad that reason is you!
every day is like waking into another beautiful dream!
up late   with my girl sierra  talkin bout and missin my rockstar
wish time would stop dragging by already  ugh   im to excited to be patient  feels like its been a year already!
"so exausted from being at the gym, gonna get some sleep and tomarrow is gonna be a great day!"
had some computer problems and wasnt able to get on line since tuesday  it was complete torture!! got my fb fix now im gonna log out take a nap  so sick from the season allergies    and missin my rockstar    sad 
"tried  but didnt get a nap, way to much to do  never fear supermom is here! lmao"
is sad today that things did go as planned for the weekend  sad   im sorry babe 
had a wonderful day! im so happy! the only grey cloud in sight is when you have to leave  but tomarrow is always another day of more smiles and happy memories!
can we just skip the week    i really need it to be friday right now!
the unknown is the worst fear! and it will creep in like a disease  but it wouldnt matter if you didnt care so much!
hmmmmmm     idk????
"so very sick yesterday, and lastnight  not out of the woods yet but doing so much better today thanks to someone very special  wink "
mmmmhmmm making reeces cup cookies     i love the smell of fresh baked cookies!!! yummmy!
mmmmmmhhmm things you cant say on facebook    yep probly said it   roflmfao
"deep sleep, now off to work "
"\what part of no dont you understand\"""""
sometimes the very hardest decisions are for the very best just have to have the courage to see it through  lucky for me though i have a <propfirst> of sunshine in my life that makes the world a much bright place no matter the storm!
"truly, deeply, always"
"got locked out of my house   so mom had me go out with her last night  it was alright to see some friends but really didnt want to be there  just wishin i could have been curled up in my hunny all night    plus mixin me with mother drinkin  like a tornado meets a volcano,lol"
 crying 
finaly makin some head way getting house cleaned back up after the mess from the week   whoohoo!
cookin up some jumbalya tonight   mmmhmmm good!
im so high on pure happy!!!
trying to get some work finished and keep ending back up on facebook chattin with my peeps 
long steamy hot salt bath   soft slow music    lights off with sented candels lit   heaven!!!!
hangin at tha house now  playin wii!!
pain is just the weekness leaving the body   wink 
scared and broken
"scrambling getting boxes & packing stuff toghether, have only couple days 2 get this whole house packed away & off 2 texas in little boxes by friday  suprise 2 every one  sorry   it suprised me 2, so soon! could really use some help packing & would give yall excuse 2 come say goodbye  i love & miss you all, esp you my <propfirst>! bye guys!"
ok getting down to last of stuff   gotta unplug  be while before im back on   bye   love you all!!!
k slept half day away time to get my bootie in gear and get some stuff done  gotta make another road trip  least this one just a short one lol
i only moved away couple days ago   all sudden no more messages for me on facebook and my phone has been so silent i keep checking it to make sure it still works  just cause i moved doesnt mean i dont still need my friends  guess you just dont need me   sad 
runnin around getting stuff done  tired  tired!!! so many places i remember from when i was a little girl   weird feeling  but got things accomplished today so its a better day than yesterday! miss my friends and my super rockstar!
to tired to care!!
how many times can a heart break in one day?
whats with people and their need for drama  think people really need to get some hobbies or somthing  or oh i know   grow up! seriously people are retarted!
k so so tired  still running like crazy trying to take care of things  not getting much sleep cause back been really messed up since the move  it will get better but man i could use the sleep and fresh mind 
family is forever!!! through the good and the bad no matter what!!
hope every one had a wonderfull thanksgiving!! miss all my wonderfull friends  but guess what i still got to cook anyway hehehe  and it was a w e so m e  lol  as usual lmao  love you all night!!
dont worry im not prejudice    i hate every one equally this morning!!
its 5 surprise 0 somewhere  for me it now!  hehehe
"not sure how much more i can handle  there is no peace, there is no happiness, for me anymore  :,-("
gonna get some peace and relaxation this weekend   bring it on!! lol
hey my friends and loved ones missed u dearly   im back now  whoo hoo!
as if 10hr cold day at work wasnt much to look forward to    flat tire on way to work is just great 
sorry all my peeps   had to stay out of town last night   up late tryin to get a tire  had to turn my phone off so i could save power  xoxo
makin dam good money and workin my ass of  58 hrs week at an industrial plant doin construction  was harnessed in and bout 100ft up in air on side of giant can heater  im bad ass!
im totaly exausted though  hard keeping up in a mans world  but totaly cool i can  hehe
missing some one special
gooood mooornin every body!!! such a beautiful monday   whoohooo!
"?iso i got to do some awesome stuff today   they let me work with some big boy tools, harnessed in on the very top of the heater settin bolts  i did not lo"
?iok down! hehe  but dang im feeling bad ass today! what?
guess americans are gonna have to by more american made stuff now?
got somthing in my eye and it cut straight accross the center of my eye  it hurts so bad  had to go to doc  doc said not good  no work for me for few days 
back to doc this mornin  dang it hurts bad!
no time for anything or anyone  so very tired  sad and lonely 
?yok so sitting on a beam sticking out away from the heater bout 140ft up  hammering a bull pin   kinda scary   but man i cant wait to do it again today   
?y i love my job   adventure!
mmmm i fell today on top of the convection    kinda hurt pretty good  gonna have some big bad ugly bruises 
on way to get two of my boys  gonna have three of my beautiful babies together for weekend  so happy   still missin my sweet baby boy  miss you river! 
enjoying an amazing day with my babies  all thanks to special person   thank u jamie  we love u!
had blast   now time to take babies back  gots to go to work   sad   sucks but check will make it all better 
u always find a way to make me smile  u try so hard always there when i need u most  thank u for all u do 
"movin stuff from storage,last <propfemale> notice  so   picture movin boxes n 6inch heels  uh yeah,would take em of but to much dirty every where lol"
