808f9487084b615f19c0192f61dfd363
wow it's almost mmx
who's gonna clean up all that?
is not understanding how does one spend soooo much money in one weekend on nothing?! smh!
is walking to work    temperature is 20 degrees and <propfemale>    wind chill factor is 15!!!
is just getting back from an awesome trip to williamsburg!! the all you can eat lobster & steak fest @ $23 was well worth it! ends today though  sad      maybe i will treat some friends today
are they really serious?! if drugs was not involved there will be a la <propmale> to declare 6-25 a holiday!! what the duce?
"says \even the greatest of whales is helpless in middle of desert \"" don't let your bills and life's little problems way you down """
"is watching stargate, for the first time "
wow did anyone see the mtv movie awards?!!!
is in motivation mode: each effort that you make towards a desired task will at the end always pay you interest in the form of achievement!
"is in motivation mode: \every task you perform has an accumulative effect towards the achievement of your long-term goal  everything counts!!! do something every day    no matter how small  rising to the top can always be reached by topping yesterday's effort \"""""
"is answer all of life questions, from the bible this week  any takers? ask away!"
is going to bed early    sorry <propfemale>   no late night text support 
thoroughly enjoyed hangin with family at busch garden yesterday!
is just waking up     yawn!
is now being ripped off by the grounds keeper
is on his way to work after yelling at the over priced gardner
is thinking about having a cookout sat 
is looking for <propfemale>    hoping she is safe in the storm
is getting dressed for another day at work   
"accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're  the statue"
goodnight facebook   
is watching push and eating dinner
is sitting here with a blank look on my face after watching the end of push   
is finally home after a long day of work
thought for the weekend you do not have to be good to be the best as long as you are better than all the rest!!
is doing the final checks on the car for his road trip to northen va 
loves weekend excursions!
"has truly enjoyed being with friends and family in the mountains last night, long live c'ville!"
is feeling philosophically
those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed at it 
says    is it wrong to only have attractive people on your facebook? lol
"is wide awake once again, because of heartburn!"
is in pain    stupid tomato sauce!
is officially insulted and offended   
is excited to go to work today!
"is eating a cinna-bun? not what i remembered from ga mall, in queens"
is watching teen titans!
wow     sharkira & pink came to the awards in the same dress    let's just hope it was on purpose! mtv live!
beyonce is about pop out her outfit    kind look like stripper moves to me    not downing her    but what do you think fb?
loving the <propmale> vs pc clip
"this mj clip was available on his site including the background footage, for 3 weeks before he died    now we have wait till ()ct 28 to see it again, what's up with that?"
is going to have a freaking awesome day! i love you friends of fb!!
wow    <propfirst> swayze is dead?
is very happy
more on the fan box virus hoax     i've done the research so you don't have too    stay tuned!
is watch a preview for the teen titans movie!!!
watching the x-men: origin movie
the boy puts his information in her communication and together they make population!
has found another dumb quote   programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life 
is watching kick it ol'skool     and laughing his tail off!!
loves shopping online    the bitterness of poor quality lasts much longer than the sweetness of low price!
"is eatin stewed chicken, curry goat, and plantains mmmm good! yeah mon!"
yeah yeah    on my way to work in 20
is back on the seen    sorry i have been away so long facebook family    did you miss me?
<propfemale>! i'm home!
how many of you guys have done any modeling or acting?
is almost awake    trying to fight it!
"has over slept, now debating if he should even go in this late "
is wondering why people are so numb to life's atrocities & plights to the point when they no longer care when it becomes there own? are you that selfish now?
is still awake
is offering a get out of ramadan free card
"another awesome couple's night out    thanks everyone for coming out, it was a big success! stay turned for hightlight pictures "
is off to an awesome day at work    my even let them go home early today!
yep still awake
hi fb sorry i am late but i'm here!!     well at least for a few lol
i did it again!
is going to the bank with 7 minutes to closing in my 10 minute ride
an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure 
"ok what's up with the freakin \live feed?\"" this sucks!"""
it's the bottom of the ninth! ny-7 philly-4    
game over!
yes!!! ny leads it 3 games to 1 !!!!
"and battlin' me is hazardous to health, so put a quarter in your ???, cuz ya played yourself     it's a sabotage, as i take charge  don't barge, cuz gotdamn, i'm livin' large like a giant  you're nothin' but a midget, a small digit  you ain't hit it, forget it, quit it!"
is on his way to the repair shop    yay    do u see my enthusiasm?
yankees win their 27th championship
"is sad? is it better to have a large house or a small house, even if it costs you the same amount of money for the mortgage?"
"doesn't understand why ppl try to impress someone in rush, its not going to be even close to good "
is home with stage one of flu   sad 
i want to thank (almost) everyone for there advise on kicking this cold    yep that right    it was just a nasty regular common cold! its almost over     now who wants to make me some soup?
is having a rush hour night with his lady
"what's up facebook fam    i was down for 3 week with a cold and feeling better today    dispite the sore throat, runny nost, phlem, coughing, sneezing and watery eyes!"
is watching <propfemale> trek on bd with family    i'll wait for you guys if you want to come over    to my facebook fam
"so, i home sicker, then before    had to go out in the freakin rain lastnight, so it's another day not working which sucks    so i decided to take out the ps3 that has been sitting in the closet for a year    stay tuned"
"so, as i watched <propfemale> trek for the 18th time; in awesome 8 1 dolby digital    i realize that this paradox of events has spawned a new universe of movies not parallel to the 1st  which means that since the space time continuum has veered off into an alternate reality, does this mean both worlds will continue to coexist?"
is going back to the dr  on monday or maybe a phone call    it's been 3 weeks and i am still sick    this has never happened to me before    i'm usually the man of steel!
still awake    once again i have defeated the dbl shot of advil pm    stand by switching to ambien
i can breath! i can breath again!
looking through ol' pictures?
says    the honesty box is for people who can't spit the truth to your face    so maybe it should be called the cowardly box?
good nite fb fam    i am out for the count    wow is it really 4am? i have to be @ work in like 5 hours!!! why did you guys tell me it was sooo freakin late!!!
is laughing at the time when the girls wanted to e playful and the bbc and <propfirst> watson was like no! your messing up the ratio  lol
has just realized that i am wearing the same outfit i have on in my profile picture  lol
is just walking into an empty house after a long day of work  my baby is at work  sad 
says: the profit justifies the means
it's a diy sunday! if anyone see <propmale> please let me know
oh wow    you guys are in trouble    i just found mad ol'skool pictures of you!!! standby for the scan and post    if i can stop laughing
can't sleeeeep    ran out of sheep to count 
watching transformers 2 for the 1 time at home
is home for errr    uhmm    lunch with the wife  wink 
watching white chicks for the 1st time
"they say 50lbs is the hardest to lose    so i'm asking my fb fam, to help me lose 49 9lbs! lol      so    what is your secret?"
has had a headache all day and is just starting to thaw out from work!
"bring on the snow!!! e's got the 4x4's gassed, winched,  and ready to rescue u non drivin virginians!  how go you drive into a ditch i don't get it?! 3 <propmale> per hour people d1 gear!"
had an awesome day at work!!! still a few left ppl  $365 laptops fully loaded
don't wait until the new year to make a change or difference    start today!
"is asking my friends    commercial on tv, radio, or billboard    which do you find yourself seeing all the time?"
"is excited that \is\"" finally over!!! the worst year of everything 2010  if it could happen it did year! good riddance!"""
is doing absolutely nothing!    and loving every minute of it!
6 hours later and i am still doing absolutely nothing    yes! all are invited to join me   
i need a cj 2000 by pioneer! <propfirst> swagga <propfirst>
"two weeks in a row    we have found simply amazing restaurants!!! both places we clean, elegant, uniquely choice! they even agreed to let us see there kitchens! wow! all hail the small business ppl!"
i can't believe they cancelled smallville for this    the money is not even getting to the ones that are truly in need!
is tired of posers! if you say your going to do something then do it  if you can't afford to then say you can't 
just getting in from work    almost time to go back
"april 1, 2010 is the day    so how many of you are going to help me with the unvailing?"
wow! <propfirst> l  <propmale> is going to be play sho' nuff in the last dragon!!! woooow     i am speechless <propfemale> mcrae dava <propfirst> <propfemale> superville vegerano <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>
allergies got the best of me today    never feel alseep at work before    got nothing done! going home!! 12 hours wasted!!
"sorry for the delay, everyone    i left the hospital tuesday afternoonish    appearently i had fluid in my nasal passage which caused a nose bleed from hell and inflamation    starting to breath again    still tired though    thanks for asking about me fb! love you guys!"
"happy to be back at work, fixin stuff!           hackers:we do more after 2am than most people do all day!"
when life gives you lemons   
has realized that going to the mall with a group is not as fun anymore as going with someone special!
this whole week i have been at work @ 7am    who knew there was this much activity this early in the morning    u ppl are crazy!
poke me and i'll poke you back!!
sweet my credit score is a 920!!! if you add put all 3 scores    lol
"its so sad when u try to do a friend a favor    they don't appreciate it, nor make any efforts in paying u back in any form! to all my fb family who has bent over backward and got nothing but a backache this ones for u!"
"finally in bed, by way of continential <propmale> flight #1770 then off to cali    good morning east coast fb fam  "
leaving for sacromento in the am   (past tense) then hanging out with my sister in stockton    3 days in union square     anybody want anything on da way back?
"going back to cali, cali, cali    enjoyin the clubs, foods, and wines of napa valley with my all <propfemale> wifey   love you babes"
<propmale> the ruler has returned    can i get a la di?
is studying & cramming for the wt study doh!
can someone tell me why we are still awake?!
wow i have accomplished nothing today    not feeling like myself    tomorrow will be a better day    or else !!!
just thought that this sucks! its saturday! can't wait until monday!
the countdown has begun   
on his way to the open house  anybody knows how many oz are in those a coffee glass pot    commercial?
we just watched the pilot episode to 21 jumpstreet!
"wants  to give a shout out at all who showed up for the open house & parade last night, it was truly a success! pictures to follow  \\special thanks to my cousin and his beautiful wife for there surprise visit!"
really enjoyed my trip to memory <propfirst> with @rainey tonight    now i need some bacon and eggs lol
"ok family, its time to do it big! last night was an amazing success for us    now it's time for open mic night on friday    \\please send me a private message on facebook if you would like to preform friday night  \\you will \up to\"" 15 minutes of fame    that is if you are not booed off stage lol!!! all bookings will have to be in no later then jun 10th"""
is up way to early to be serving coffee  <propmale>'s internet cafe & lounge
"<propmale> you can come to me for advise, says nyisha  but then again she may be replacing you    for an oil change"
time to party   see you guys in 2 hours or cpt 3 hours    don't be mad when you have to stand!
ok ok    now since i have to prepare for the end of smallville     moment of silence    i have start watching lost    me and my gf just finished season 1  wow!
you never know what words you say around here can inspire or destroy a relationship  i have to give a very special thanks to a simple statement made by <propfemale> thompson a poet to my wife and i   love  thanks
is happy to be moving on to bigger and better things! simplify!
is making excuses why he can't get dressed    (i need a power up coin or something)
is watching season 3 of lost    despite what <propfemale> says    ha!
is debating whether to go to work at the computer shop or to go to work at the cafe    either way is profitable   
is giving birth!
is on his way back to work    sigh! no sleep to night 
is waiting patiently    and thinking good thoughts    trying not to focus on negativity or letting my imagination run 
is thinking    fb was fun until    i accepted ppl i knew and not people that would understand what i was sayin regardless of the content 
asks: if someone has an issue with swimming because they have almost died each and every time they have been in a pool    do you think you should keep encouraging them to get back in the water? i mean its not a bike! or do you think god is trying to tell you something?
"a person's worth is not measured by what they have, but by what they are  you can truly be content with only the basics in life if you are content within your own self "
we are on our way to the convention yay! leaving in 15min!
if the red house is on the left side of the street and the blue house is on right    where the heck is the white house?!
"bobbies mother has 4 children, the little girls name is <propfemale> and the other ones dime, and the youngest name nickel    what's the name of the last child"
how many sides has a circle?
what has yellow skin and writes?
"what weighs 6oz, sits in a tree and is very dangerous?"
"one out of 5 though not alive  he that sent me became <propmale>, he that received me died  who or what am i?"
arrived safely in nc    getting closer to alt lol  wink 
on my way to die    i leave my 1st pc store to @<propfemale> & eliot  and my 2nd store to my wife   whom is the reason i'm dead anyway    and lying face up in the clarion pool   
is on his way home    tech support closed
finally 90mins later we r in the house    and my tiredness has turned into    ooooo we have new netflix movies!
on my way to work    yay!
hates it when technical support has to call tech support for help!
went on an awesome date last night with my gf    can't really talk about the details  its nice to have a psex3 
had a blast to night!!! took everyone out for ice cream & shakes    felt real good to <propfemale> out after the meeting 
"jazz night is over    we are tired as he      heck    now its time to clean up this mess    once again, standing room only    will post later on <propmale>'s site  now i must clean!"
it was really good to see some bbc faces yesterday    really miss my home girls    was at a lost for words   
*??*? twinkle twinkle
says get home safely    you have someone at home waiting for you!
"says that people are a trip    they think the worst before they know what they ___ they're talkin about    if you don't know what you are doing on the internet, then get the _____ off!"
good morning fb    it's another day in corp  <propfemale>    what can we take out today?
just found out brother <propmale> marsh died like 2 hours ago  sending our love to the marsh family  (she is not taking phone call right now)
is at the cafe cleaning    getting ready to go out to tb's for a nice glass of white z
its 5am     i'm still awake
is pondering on how to stop thinking     and over thinking    even if it is just for a moment 
ebay is paying for my vacation!
"for sale by owner annoyed complete set of encyclopedia britannica  45 volumes  excellent condition  $1,000 00 negotiable  no longer needed  recently married; wife knows everything "
"free puppies annoyed 1 2 cocker spaniel\1 2 sneaky neighbor's dog"
"tickle me <propmale>, still in box,\comes with its own 1988 mustang, 5l, auto, excellent condition $6800"
i can't believe there is this much activity this early in the morning    as it gets colder all i want to do is stay in bed with the gf
"i can't believe i'm just getting home from williamsburg    and have to get up for work in 4 hours! can you guys send me a few minutes of sleep, please?"
asks    what would do if you had a million dollars    <propfemale> mcrae eliot <propmale> <propfirst> domina <propfemale> <propfemale> anayansi bonnette  kyia flanagan nyisha bolt
"for sale:nice parachute annoyed never opened - used once"
"never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge "
wow! its getting late!
why am i still at work? this is too fun! tell u guys about it in the morning    if they let me leave awwww lol
leaving work    need a foot & back massage
woke up madddd early to go shopping! like at 7am    only problem is my wife is still getting dressed!!! -9:55a lol
met a lady the other day    and randomly told us that she wrote her second book novel completely on the toilet    in one day! wow where do these ppl come from? never going back to lowes at night!!!
yaaaaaaawn
laying in bed     trying to fight a cold    wishing i had a remote to get the remote
cant stay warm    feet freezing 
another great day! two in a row!!!
what an awesome week    takin the weekend off the chill    come join us    open house    we r cookin for everybody
ok why can't steps be soft? i fell down a flight of icy brick steps    ooooouch!
tonight    i am going to digitize myself and then become one and two with the computer    i will not steal lotto number for you domina <propfemale> i will not download myself and fix your computer eliot <propmale> <propfirst> and i will not reset your credit scores <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> lol here goes nothing
better then before as if it was possible    !!!
