f8ef092abd6bf25d8a0928da91fc9f68
i miss my friends   
moving to st bonaventure in 2 weeks!!!
7 days until i move to st  bonaventure!!!
less than one week until the move to st bonaventure!!!
is almost done unpacking 
one box left 
unpacked    phew 
is for the first time excited for monday 
yay tomorrow is monday!!!! i'm so excited!!! no lie 
i'm on twitter     
today was a good day 
"i love how the bells just played \i am 16 going on 17\"" from the sound of music """
can't believe how fast my first week went 
"snuggie released a \designer series\"" which consists of zebra print and leopard print      """
loves his new computer chair 
last day of opening!
i enjoy my job  smile 
my mood is very much like the weather today    and it's not nice out 
it is rather cold in my office today    debating getting my fingerless gloves 
my mom asked me today what i want for christmas    any ideas?
just gotta wait it out   
snow in october? realy?!
snow in october? really?!
"i was looking forward to today, what a crummy day it turned out to be "
fight the flu at sbu - health & safety fair today! <propmale> dining room; 9 smile 0-3 surprise 0!!!
facebook looks different     
i want a christmas tree!
indifferent 
i  love  soccer
tomorrow is tuesday but it's kind of like friday because i don't work the day after  couldn't be happier for a tuesday   smile 
happy thanksgiving!
back to work tomorrow 
"never knew how awesome it felt to score a goal at the last second of a game until tonight, we didn't win but it still felt pretty damn amazing "
i have officially completed doing all of my ra evaluations 
i'm enjoying loud hour!
dear residents: happy holidays     now go home!
i'm enjoying glee volume 1 & 2 
love my ipad!
completely lost track of time and i have yet to get ready for bed     sad 
just looked at the next four weekends of february and i'm booked solid through till the first weekend in march  ridiculous 
"ran out of space on my itouch, i even deleted a bunch of applications, so it's basically just music "
i don't think i've ever been so hapy to no longer be on duty 
accepted into grad school    soooo excited!
"can't decide if i like \follow me\"" by 3oh!3 """
so happy for my brother and his finance' for buying their first house!!!!
ra selection definitely runs on coffee 
only two more new ra applicant interviews to go and then they're all done    finally!
so excited that my iup hoodie came in the mail today!
why can't idol just be on for 1 hour?
wooooo    my brother and future sister in-law got a house!!!! yay!
started packing today    already have an empty drawer 
so the sun is up at 7am  who knew 
"what a weekend, did not e playful ect plan to make that purchase "
back to st bonaventure today 
and 6 hours later i'm back at bonas
cannot believe there's going to be another season of real housewives of new jersey   
four day week!
"today they began mowing the grass outside, it smells very nice "
there's a camaro on campus that looks exactly like bumblebee from transformers 
quite happy with the bottom 2 on american idol this evening 
it's flurrying out   
i don't think the students understand how the housing lottery works   
don't click the gift thing     sorry if you do   sad 
got an urge to watch the 1st <propmale> potter
glee returns tonight!
spotting the glee cast sitting behind the american idol judges just got me pumped for the glee premiere!!
"registered for my first graduate course, very exciting "
sbu voices presents: take back the night - tonight at 6:15pm in butler!!
"bumpin <propfirst> <propmale>'s, <propfirst>'s party in the ra office "
it's snowing out   
spending this crummy day watching the notebook for the first time 
and begins a week of duty 
feeling rather drowsy   
"tonight was a very difficult night, still have a lot of learning to do "
please please please let tonight go better than last night!
so tired but can't seem to fall asleep  monday morning wake up will be rather difficult 
wooooo! southland renewed for a 3rd season!!!
the schick for women comercial i just saw on tv makes me very uncomfortable   
i'm happy <propfemale> magnus was sent home tonight on idol   
a little nervous about this weekend   
"yup, just spilled water all over myself "
kinda miss that a c unit that used to be in my kitchen window 
i definitely was able to get a lot more sleep this weekend than last weekend  and this weekend was spring weekend  worried over nothing as usual 
started packing today   
don't know how i feel about the tranformers 3 cast 
"really hoping the students at bonas are loud from 8-9pm tonight for loud hour! nothing would make me happier, i have my playlist ready to go!!!!!!"
i think i enjoy loud hour more than the students do   
"tonight is a pretty awesome night  loud hour, gaga on idol, an awesome evening thunderstorm  so nice "
little worried about how i'm going to fit all this stuff in my car 
"today, closing begins "
happy mother's day to all the moms out there!
i love that pleated pants are on the undateable list from vh1  mostly because i don't own any 
glee continues to make my tuesday nights awesome 
i forgot how exhausting closing is 
boy meets world is on abc family at 7am! so exciting! best part of waking up 
"what?! rfd is closed?! awesome! thank you to all my ras for their hard work today, special shout out to <propfemale> and <propfirst> for putting in some extra time   smile "
i hate being sick   
"\   how can i have some more of nothing?\"" you're killing me smalls!"""
back in ct!
"when the high temperature for the day is 82 degrees, i don't think the written description should be \warm \"""""
"so according to the weather channel it feels like 100 out    it's still may, little nervous about what the summer will be like "
"very quickly running out of responses for the question \why?\"" (my niece loves to ask \""why\"")"""
"registered for fall semester classes today, so very exciting!"
"forgot how incredibly sad \seven pounds\"" is """
quite the successful bachelor stag party for my brother 
"i don't know why i watch the mtv movie awards, always a disappointment "
love how the rain smells
it's a good thing i love the movie wall-e 
i really like <propfirst> <propmale>'s new cd  so hard to find a cd where all of the songs are good 
i think this shirt just attracts toothpaste  everytime i wear it i somehow get toothpaste on it 
"what happened to all of my buddies on aim???? why are they all gone? i have 0 friends, literally   sad "
enjoying <propmale> <propmale> university!!
about a week to go until the move to iup!!!
my new apartment is awesome!
uploaded photos of my new apartment for everyone's enjoyment 
what better way to start the morning than with boy meets world  thank you abc family 
making friends with the stapleton library 
starting to get into the swing if things  so far enjoying my grad school e playful erience 
quite the <propfemale> night! lovin the thunderstorms that have been rolling through tonight 
had an awesome time playing soccer  especially accomplishing something i've never done before - game winning goal with a header!
made my first successful omelet today!
"\does anyone know what a ballad is?\"" brittany: \""it's a male duck \"""""
had an awesome time today at kennywood!
very productive this evening  so proud of myself 
only a littl overwhelmed   
what better way to take a break than to watch project runway 
"dear research paper, please finish yourself  thanks "
"so, with just about 8 pages, i'm going to bed, i ran out of sources, tomorrow i shall add fluff and an intro and conclusion "
so much for fluff    looking for more sources 
the end is in sight 
done! saluté
"yay, done with my first grad class!"
i don't think i'll ever figure out how to successfully fold a fitted sheet 
finally enjoying some much needed relaxation 
"thanks @kellimarie for calling me awesome, really made my day  i am awesome "
finally received a satisfying haircut 
had a very nice night tonight   smile 
yay training!
"enjoying the company of <propmale> tarbell, <propmale> kühns, <propfemale> thompson, & brandyn holtzinger!"
"\don't put up barriers to your success \"" (boy meets world)"""
first big opening day!
way to go team wallwork!
thoroughly enjoyed playing soccer tonight 
"first fall semester grad class tomorrow, not sure how i'm feeling about it   "
this is not the best time to start feeling sick   
yay!! long weekend!!!
amazing weekend!
definitely thought this paper was going to be easy 
they have original power ranger toys at walmart! so exciting! just relived my childhood!!
"dear iphone, i appreciate you trying to help with spelling but my last name is not speedo "
hope tonight is a better night for <propfemale> <propfirst> than last night 
"\do you have a porch for that swing\"" best quote of homecoming weekend """
"dear residents, please vacate asap  thanks! have a nice thanksgiving!"
<propmale> potter in #imax tonight! so excited!
happy thanksgiving!
it's quite ugly outside 
it's snowing!
"i want despicable me, i don't want to wait 4 more days!"
who knew the glee soundtrack could get me focused 
"two finals down, one to go "
proctoring an exam for the first time    this should be interesting 
i'm pretty sure i went the entire day of thursday thinking it was friday 
"home alone and chinese food, minus being sick, not a bad way to spend christmas <propfemale> <propfemale> "
<propfemale> christmas
i need to know who borrowed elf from me      i can't find it anywhere or remember who i lent it to  sad 
i don't think i've ever been so fearful of a superbowl 
"super bowl? it's on an hd channel, so why not "
soooo how long do i have to wait for glee to come on?
cupid shuffle is stuck in my head for some reason   
"february 9, 2011 turned out to be a really great day   smile "
anyone wanna come with me tomorrow (friday @ 2 smile 0pm) to toyota to get my car repaired???
"th circus is coming to iup, i kinda wanna go   "
"blah, i'm really tired of being sick "
the fever is gone! finally!
welcome back fever    long time no see 
just realized i have been on facebook while watching the social network 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!
feeling optimistic
vector = direction and magnitude    vector!
"mr whit was a huge success! couldn't be prouder of the whitmyre rhc, mr whit contestants and their escorts!"
can't wait to head home this weekend!
time to close this place 
i love bumping into old rwu friends  smile 
"well i don't know about the rest of the iup students, but this on call person would like some sleep "
whatever is being cooked downstairs smells delicious 
