a2d258bf5d3233666530d1440b2b5276
have a happy new year everyone  smile 
new number  message me to get it  thanks peace
new #; message me to get it
its funny when people want things but won't come and get it lmao so yeah if u didn't get the new digits send me a msg
"i need someone who i can hold on to, someone who will always be true  is that you?"
"let's see, who is childish? life can be tricky don't burn you bridges you might just need them"
okay so that means       
"damn what to do, i need a hookup"
anyone want to go out?
"hit me up, wanna go out text or msg me "
           
what's poppin hit your boy up
where is life taking me?
what do you do when you don't have a alternate plan?
"going to the big apple, catch ya on the flip side!"
"bronx, manhattan, queens, so much so awesome, new york baby!"
"some ppl think they can do whatever cuz i'll still be there when they done playing their little game, surprise wrong"
i need somebody to love
"i need somebody to love, to <propfemale> and care about  any offers?"
"what to do, what indeed"
the end of the road
"notice riders of the lynx city bus, tomorrow 6-17-2010 in observance of public transit day all passengers ride for free!"
"comment the pic, ride lynx for free today  have a wonderful day!"
my turn i guess first ten to like can ask me anything
happy friday
whats good?
happy fathers day!
its time      it everything or nothing at all  i'm ready
twight eclipse tonight  smile 
e playful erience    
i'm done with the bullshit
"only one life to live one true love to give, lord tell me why it has to be this way? why must we suffer must we feel so alone lose everything important what's the purpose? the great reason, tell me why?"
"would u date me? yes or no, inbox or comment"
"girls, tell the truth: would u date me? why or why not? comment or inbox  be honest"
"peace, love, and happiness to all"
"there's no one to blame, things will never be the same"
"awesome concert best part was it was with the crew fanitza and <propfirst>, lights out like two days to recover but absolutely worth it!"
"out and about, hmu"
hibernation -- leave something
"its funny, after all this time your still on my mind  i miss you"
okay t-mobile official sucks!!!
okay to many people just talk when they need or want something  i'm not just hear for usage gonna start cutting users off
"if ur truly my friend, family, or like family like this status otherwise safe me some time and delete yourself off my friends list  tired of the games and foolishness"
"so far only have 2 people staying on my friend list sad huh, if\ ur truly my friend, family, or like family like this status otherwise \safe me some time and delete yourself off my friends list  tired of the \games and foolishness  ameisha and <propfemale> ignore update"
"still only 2 of 65 people staying on my friend list sad huh very sad, if ur truly my friend, family, or like family like this status otherwise safe me some time and delete yourself off my friends list  tired of the games and foolishness  glad to know i have some true friends and like family in my life "
thank you to my friends and family that have like any of my last few status' proving that i'm right about you few caring enough to go the extra mile  smile  i do understand there are other friends of mine that haven't for various reasons that care also
"i don't need you to understand that i love you, i need you to understand your loved"
"love is always there, you just have to find it  smile "
"got a phone again, thanks <propfirst>!!"
"its never to late to find love, just stay strong"
is it wrong to care and worry more for someone more then you do yourself? need some answers help me out facebook
"tonight i say to my dear teen females, please respect yourself, your body and remember that you are worth it all  don't settle for less  smile "
"  have you ever met that one person you like, but aren't quite sure why  someone you cant quite find a place for in your life, but you know you want them there? or someone you want in your life, but dont know how to get them there? yea? im there with you!"
you do good help others and what do i get from it  a lot of crap!  sad 
"hitting the bed, goodnight all"
eating a bowl of almost beyond saving chips  playful 
"hmm, what did i do?"
"don't you understand that i care about you? your more than just a girl who needs a little support, your special and unique  you    "
i feel changed and i'm not sure that i like it  annoyed 
"can't sleep, stuck in the past     "
happy halloween to all you to grown trick or treaters
"hello, how is everyone?"
happy no more politics day lol
"im going under without pause, giving up on the silver lining  tired of the game, tired of losing "
"hey, what's up?"
ha ha i havent had to login to this is so long i forgot my password
happy thanksgiving!
"happy birthday to quincee, enjoy it"
hope everyone has a great weekend
"there's always room for love, you just have to move a few things around"
this dog is dog a dog good dog way dog to dog keep dog an dog idiot dog busy dog for dog 30 dog seconds dog       now read without the word dog
friends      that's all we will ever be again
skype anyone? dusty knight319
number game anyone?
<propfemale> christmas
hope everyone had a wonderful christmas!!
friday     yes
happy birthday <propmale>!
"so birthday is friday, hmmm 19 im so old"
"so umm its still two hours away but what the hell, happy birthday to me!!!!! yes 19 woot woot  so yeah send the love txt it 407-668-7536  also on a related by day note happy birthday to bionca <propmale> !!!"
19     damn i am so old lol but yeah happy birthday to me and also to bionca <propmale>  so yeah send me love txt it 407-668-7536  peace
"hope all my friends and family are safe and sound, stay safe you guys"
"like me status and\if you are 1st - i will answer any question you want\2nd - i will confess something to you\3rd - i will tell you how i feel about you truthfully"
get better soon jamia  smile 
kat meche bull officially sucks
peace
weekend  smile 
aldrick <propfirst> needs to call because his chat isnt working right
tell me why i always fall for your type
happy vday!!!!
"to my loves  smile  <propfemale> fevrier, kteesha greenwood, ameisha <propfirst>, <propfemale> kapri <propmale>, fanitza noriega, <propfemale> <propfirst>, vincetta dunnell and kat meche bull     i wish you all a wonderful loving <propfirst>'s day  smile "
"attention all who have my number, it is no longer a valid contact for me  sorry for any inconvenience this may cause  i will still connect through facebook and will update with a new contact number at a later time"
ever get the feeling be good ain't such a good thing?
"dear wednesday, forget tuesday come on down and start your day now not later"
"breaking down, breaking up"
time to sit back and let life take its natural course of actions  people about to realize i'm tired of the games the foolishness the overall usage of me  i'm done
"goodbye february it wad fun      helloo march  damn already the third month of 2011, this year is flying by hella fast"
"if u truly don't want me as a friend, just another number on ur superficial friends list so u can have 500 1000 or 1500 friends, never gonna talk to me or nothing  delete yourself from my list"
"if you love me, ( comment on this status )\if you think i'm a good friend, ( like this status )\if you hate me, ( message me and tell me why )\if you ever had a crush on me, be honest, ( poke me )\if your not scared, ( make this your status)"
