6251adfa7438afc3d7ef7806d81fcc69
will the snow ever end???
"when your world is breaking, how do you keep it together?"
and so it's another day   
*yawn*   still tired
"yup, so it seems sleep is again, out of the question   "
"so i think the day has finally come to an end (after 21 hours), only to begin again tomorrow   which i'm sure will come all too soon    "
"my head is in pain, my world is continuing to spin, and i don't think it will stop soon"
"world is slowing slightly, but things still just aren't right   "
"yup, i was quiz happy today   and the posted ones aren't even half   "
there are times that i love the fact that i'm a hermit   
i'm just so happy that it's the weekend   
"now that i finally got my stupid internet to work, i'm a little happier   "
"not overly thrilled that i worked an extra day, but the overtime will be nice   "
yay   time for bed again   
thumbs up to the weekend   thumbs down to loosing a good work <propmale>   
"bed time for everyone    ok, well at least for me   "
"just got home from the wedding and it was beautiful    congrats to you, <propfirst> & <propmale>   "
can't figure out why i'm so tired   
i'm thinkin it's bedtime   
time to chill and then head to bed   
*blows raspberry*   yup   that's my thought process right now    
"for some reason, i seemed to have seen, dealt with, or spoke to all the idiots at work last night    ugh   i hate mondays   "
my weekend will consist of cleaning and finishing the show i've been watching   
eo'd out so it's time for a nap   
well it's the weekend and i'm not sure if it's gonna be any good     sad 
is feeling kinda nauseated    
is no where near ready to go back to work   
drove way too much in the last 48 hours   
gives books on cd 2 thumbs up    
is overly tired and really needs to go to bed   but i think i'll have something to eat real quick first   
is not happy about only having a 2 day weekend from now on    stupid people    ggrrr
has the strangest sense of cpr <propfemale> vu     and has decided to finally go for my i cert    
i   just    l   o   v   e   days    from    hell     
i hate when weekends end   
don't you just hate it when you get attacked by toilet paper????
"can't help wondering why it is that when you want to sleep, you can't and when you can't sleep, you want to???    sucks don't it?"
itchy foot    
has a meeting in the morning and i hope i can still read   
is glad i'm on the downhill side of my week   
does it make you wonder when cats take over your bed and then look at you like they're gonna murder you in your sleep for waking them up???
*yawn   *
have you ever thought you felt your brain melting???
"seriously thought about hitting someone pretty hard, just to get hit as hard back   "
wonders why the unkown is always more facinating   
was stalked by a cat in the parking lot at work last night   
is pissed that i have to wait another 2 frickin weeks   stupid ass people   
has remembered why it is that i dislike school   stupid homework   
ewww    snow already   me no likey   
found out tonight that i prefer the straight blade over the curved blade    
                                                      
*sigh*   let the week from hell begin   
"yup, the week from hell, is going along so effin well, can't you tell by the \smile\"" on my face??    """
"so, it's one day down (very long and very boring) and now i get to go sleep so that i can do it all again tomorrow   "
"well, the end has come    and now it's time for the aftermath    *sigh*"
meh   yup   oh and being sick sucks   
"is it just me, or did christmas sneak up on anyone else???"
i'd rather go back to bed than get ready for work    
"i got the dummy sticker at work yesterday and today, well, all i can say is, death to the evil slot supervisor hobgoblin    "
i realized something tonight: i like shiny things  so men's butt's must be made of silver   
wonders why mother nature has it in for us and refuses to let it get above 40 degrees??
is worried about my brother   he's down in haiti right now and i just hope that he's alright   
had a good time last night   it was what i needed after i had to spend hours calculating drip rates   
is glad that my brother will be home this afternoon   
"stupid fog   stupid, stupid fog   "
needs a pincushion that won't cry   any takers???
wonders what kind of junkie i'm gonna look like by the time i get to work later   
my bruises look like shit   
"when your heart wants nothing more than to fall on the floor, why is it that your body won't just let it happen?"
is glad my class is almost done   
has been up for about 31 hours and is now going to go to bed   
*yawn*
"meh   yea, that says it all   meh"
"when life throws punches, you just gotta stand up, keep your hands up, and fight back   either that or get your ass kicked   "
feels like crap   
enjoyin a 3 day weekend   
drunks are fun when they're friends   
is getting really tired of all the snow    
is going to st <propfirst> with some friends tomorrow   
is sad that my weekend is over and i gotta go back to work tonight   
1 down and 4 to go   
2 down   
"so, i just got offered day shift   should i take it???"
decided to stay on graves for now   
feels like someone hit me in the face   
"may still feel like i was beat, but the meds make it all better     wink "
woozy feeling making the world go round   
tis the weekend   what joy it brings   
being sick is bad   
"has been pondering something   if you met an alternate version of yourself, do you think you'd like who they turned out to be??"
stupid snow   stupid slushy snow   
i hate long days   
"wonders why it is that on the odd occasion i'm in a really good mood, everyone gets all freaked out???"
now realizes why i was all sorts of crazy yesterday    
had a great time tonight and realized that i need to see some people more often   
wonders why some people  have to wear pants so low that they are showing ass cheek?
"can't help, but to still be confused by the strange question a guy asked   why would someone ask me about running over pedestrians???"
"can't help but to feel like when i'm sick, whatever it is, has complete control over my life    ggrrr"
has realized that i'm a very self destructive person   always doing things that i should never be doing   
i really dislike not being able to sleep   grr   drives me bonkers   
"is kinda aggitated, but also a bit grateful   it's an odd combonation   "
"so, state test is in a few hours and i'm hoping it goes well   "
"well, i passed my practical, now to wait on written result   "
"i'm stupid   stupid, stupid, stupid   did i mention stupid??"
when will the shit just stop piling up???
i passed!!!!!!!! i passed!!!!!!!!!!!
needs a few good swift kicks    anyone up for helping with that??
has realized that sometimes the worst thing for me is the hardest thing to keep at arms length 
"wonders why the trials we go through in life have to break and destroy us to the point that we just want to give up?   just because you feel the pain, does it mean that you're really alive?"
feels like my legs are jelly   
really hates packing   
really hopes that today is better than yesterday   yesterday really kinda sucked   
oi   the crap i put myself through   
it's always an adventure when you get to save your friend from suffocating in her own tits!!!!!
"so, what happens when life hands you lemons and you don't want lemonade??"
"they say when you talk to someone you get to know them, well i've been talking to myself for years and there are days when i still don't know me    "
it's hard to know how to say no when yes sounds like the better answer   
"when you know the right course to take and you choose to take a different course, how do you get yourself back on the right course??"
how can you not cry when one of your best friends is leaving for basic and you won't see them for months??
meh   yup   that's what i think of life right now   
it wasn't too great at work last night and i'm hoping it's better tonight   
last night was better   and today was even better   and tonight should be a good time too   
is ready for bed   
can't seem to help doing stupid things   oi   
got moved and now to unpack all my junk   let the fun begin    not!!!
about got my ass pummeled by a semi on my way home   the anal dwelling monkey changed lanes while i was right next to him!!!!
can't seem to figure how the most innocent of comments can lead to the dirtiest of thoughts   
i got a call from my joejoe today!!!!
"wonders why is it that some memories make you smile, some make you cry, some seem like they haunt you, and some just fade away like they never happened   ?"
"i was moving at the speed of sound   head spinning, couldn't find my way around and   didn't know that i was going down   yeah, yeah   where i've been, well it's all a blur   what i was lookin' for i'm not sure   too late, didn't see it coming   yeah, yeah   "
"take, take your time   smell the roses, but steal the vines   don't wait for the hands of time   to second guess and change your mind   "
"love and other moments are just chemical reactions in your brain   and \feelings of aggression are the absence of the love drug in your veins   \ love and other socially acceptable emotions are morphine    i'm gunning\ down romance   it never did a thing for me   but heartache and \misery   ain't nothing but a tragedy   "
and i dont know which way to run   and i feel myself coming undone     know that there will come a day   when it all comes falling down   i just cant walk away   
there's a voice inside my head   sayin' you'll never reach it   every step i'm takin'   every move i make feels   lost with no direction   
but i never knew   that nothing's ever as it seems to be   when a dream collides with the reality   
"the path that i'm walking, i must go alone   "
"wondering why we bother with love, if it never lasts   "
vacation starts right now   i have off until the night of the 25th   woohoo!!!!
thanks to you all for the birthday wishes   
finally got to see the sorcerer's apprentice   not bad   
lifestar symposium day 1 is about half over    
day 2 is over   it was pretty damn awesome!!!
ugh   i don't really wanna go back to work after this vacation   
"feels like passing out, but is worried that i won't sleep for very long   it's taking time to get readjusted to my work and sleep hours again   "
"i hate when i need to sleep, but can't   it's driving me crazy!!!"
"*sigh*   yup, that about sums it up   "
i'm not quite halfway through my week and something has gone wrong each day so far   i wonder what will happen tonight   ?
got my stuff done today   now all i have to do is wait to get it all gone   
"the moment is wrong, and no one is right   "
fml   really?!?!? again?!?!? w  t   f   ?!?!?!?! aaarrggghhhh!!!!!!!!
damn busted ass ankle   grrr
off to get my car a check-up   it's past due for one   
have you ever felt as if your brain is melting??   
ick   i hate being sick   
"feeling better, but still not great   i guess i gotta medicate more   triple dose nyquil here i come!!!"
"stupid being sick   i wish i would just get better   coughing until i feel like puking, yeah, just what i need   ugh"
ok   this cold is officially pissing me off   it can't make up it's mind   either go away or incapacitate me   i'm tired of back and forth!!!
"so, today's the day   i hope, anyways   i don't know what i'll do if they put it off again   "
"well, it's offical   it's done and over   25yrs to life   *sigh*"
meh   moods were up and down today and it really wasn't a bad day   dagnabit!
i hate when i wake up and i have a headache already! why can't my headaches wait until i've actually used my brain or smacked my head on something?
"sometimes, i think my cat has brain damage  he'll run around like something is chasing him and then all of a sudden just fall over on the floor and start rubbing himself on the carpet  he then gets up and walks away from the spot like nothing happened "
"yup, my cat is officially mental  he sat with me this morning chewing on his own tail and making himself cry   repeatedly   "
i've decided that i like obama just a little bit more now   
woohoo!! i got me an xbox finally   
chillin with my joejoe   gonna miss him when he leaves   
weekend is almost here   goin to a concert and havin a late christmas with friends   woohoo
water   i'm not too sure where i stand   
