e1d34ebcab9099d112964504b3475315
band competition tommorow we are going to dominate!!!
ugh i hate sundays   school is tommorow!!!
woo hoo i looove the weekend!
thank god we have a late start tommorow im <propfemale> tired
i got it   teachers hate us
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours! you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to make this your status and see what questions you get!"
my dad is in a deep depression cause he knows the bears are gonna lose today its so funny
my mom is officially done with her christmas village that took 1 1 2 days ugh
is anyone else's house freezing or did my dad just turn the heat off    again
<propfemale> the final grades are on power school and i passed every class!
snow day!!!  laugh 
"dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today "
hot pink  laugh 
green
every one should keep a mental wastepaper basket and the older they grow the more things they will consign to it - torn up to irrecoverable tatters 
hot and steamy
"when one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us "
never miss a <propmale> to keep your mouth shut 
it pi day  laugh 
you must do the thing you think you cannot do 
track meet tommorow lets hope this rain stops though
lets go butler
talk about a good game during a thunderstorm at least it drowns out my dads complaining
track meet today  smile 
track meet + rain = wtf happened to 80s
won our heat of the 4x1 yesterday!
i was at great <propfemale> all day
hawks actually won!
hawks win again!
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and       this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
how awkward is it when the doorbell rings and it's your brother's teacher   
track meet tommorow  lets hope it doesnt get rained out
get better makayla all us track buds are thinking of you!
my mom feels the need to make me clean the whole house today just cause its mothers day   
might do cross country next year
i think it rained just enough so that school didnt have to be canceled
last day taking the stupid activity bus  smile   love 
my moms gonna make me wear makeup tomorrow  sad 
hawks are going to the <propmale> cup finals!
one  more  day 
last day of school
hawks win!
had fun at six flags with lexa koepke! we got stuck on roaring rapids and got exit passes for raging bull  jealous!!!!!!
nooooooo the hawks lost  sad 
if somebody tells you nothing is impossible  ask them to dribble a football
hawks got the cup in their pocket
why do we call something sent by car a shipment and something sent by ship a cargo
"i love children, especially when they cry, for then someone takes them away"
bonfire today  smile 
epic bonfire today  smile 
listening to the weirdest songs ever with lexa koepke on youtube
boku wa gummiberu
just finished making a cool tie blanket quilt thing that took me forever
went sailing and flipped four times with <propfemale> buchholz  yeah were cool                
bruises everywhere  wrist hurts like hell  took some advil  lucky me
vacation tomorrow  laugh  excited except dialup and crappy signal should be fun          
saw a hillbilly concert last night  gotta love the south
jumping off cliffs didnt kill me so i walked in the middle of a highway  now ive moved to e playful losives > smile 
fine dining in the south: a place connected to a gas station
coming home tomorrow  smile 
im home  laugh 
i still cant bend my elbow all the way  vacation is hard on you                        
i really dont wanna go to marching band camp tomorrow
"if you're an ant, and you're walking along across the top of a cup of pudding, you probably have no idea that the only thing between you and disaster is the strength of that pudding skin"
to the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world
like this status and ill say something nice about you on your wall
finally band camp is almost done
what do you do when the only person who can stop your tears is the one making you cry
never go to sleep angry  stay awake and plot your revenge > smile 
cross country tomorrow  this should be fun   
today i made friends with a fly  his name is <propmale>  smile 
is done with the summer english assignment finally!
i am now officially done with the summer english assignment  its about time       
for everyones (<propfemale> <propfemale> kenney's) peace of mind  im really egyptian!!! there
school starts tomorrow  lovely     goodbye summer  heart-broken 
thank you <propfirst> shearer for bruising my hand tonight hahaha
what did i do today: lead freshman in the wrong direction for their classes  smile 
saw a chicken walking across the bp parking lot  just about made my day  smile 
sometimes knowing everything isnt a good thing           
why does it always end up that our greatest enemies were once our greatest friends?
nevershoutnever concert with <propfemale> stoneberg was epic!  smile 
"you people who i call my \friends\"" need to stop trying to pit me up against myself"""
procastinators will forever humor me  smile 
you can tell your parents are getting old when they complain about people who smoke weed and get drunk at concerts                
so tired its not even funny     and yet my mom insists i go around and do stuff  ha  no
i  am  a  ninja  i just killed a fly  smile 
im not even going to get mad anymore  im just going to learn to e playful ect the lowest out of the people i thought the highest of
today is one of those led zeppelin days          
"no refs, out-of-bounds, fouls, or benchwarmers  cross country— its not a game  its your sports punishment"
r i p  my hershey bar that melted because i forgot it was in my pocket ='(
i got new shoes running today! hopefully these ones work a little better
<propfemale> bedolla's party today  my party next weekend  this is the good life  smile 
we went to <propfirst> for a box of brownies and ended up with 5  this is what happens when you send my mom and i grocery shopping  smile 
"a lot of fellows nowadays have a b a , m d , or ph d  unfortunately, they don't have a j o b "
procastinators continue to humor me  smile 
got a 93% on my frq!
meet tomorrow  good luck at wauconda everyone!
got splattered with mud  smile  ah gotta love cross country meets in the rain
you have a problem? here is a straw  suck it up and move along
lifes a bitch  youve got to go out and kick ass
"this is mitochondrial disease awareness week! in mitochondrial diseases, the mitochondria cannot efficiently turn sugar and oxygen into energy, so the cells do not work correctly  like this if you support the many children with this disease"
"\it looks like an invasion\"" aparently thats what the person in front of my mom said when our 330+ person marching band come on the field  smile """
fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is    weird
"heres the story   \\i lost my phone  had it stolen  so i need all my contacts back  send me a message with your number if ya want thanks  smile "
a friend in kindergarten is the one who sat next to you and let you have the pretty red crayon when only the ugly black one was left  why cant it be that easy now!?!
i  love  under armour  band       not so much
"kinda late but whatever\\truth is   "
im gonna miss everyone on cross country so much  heart-broken 
conference meet today  good luck everyone!
i  love  my lunch period
"like this status and i'll   1) tell you what i've learned by looking at your wall for 13 seconds, 2  color that reminds me of you, 3  first memory, 4  nickname, 5  favorite thing about you, 6  animal you remind me of, 7  something i wonder about you and 8  challege you to repost this"
good job at the jazz concert tonight everyone!
"remembrance of<propfemale> au, a beautiful blue devil: you will never be forgotten at <propmale>  we are <propmale>  we are one  as a tribute to <propfemale>, please make this your status for just one night  r i p <propfemale> au  july 17, 1996 –october 14, 2010 "
to my fellow members of 7th period lunch  happy independence day!
band was fun getting out 30 minutes early cause we got poured on  no more wednesday night rehearsals! annnd on top of that we got mountain bars  anyone know what it is?
slept all day and im still tired    how does that work out?
my leg has become an assortment of the colors black blue green yellow and purple           fun
"im have a feeling im going to regret this       \\truth is   "
hello my good friend i like to call sleep deprivation
internet = fail
has anyone else ever noticed that when people sneeze into their elbow they look like dracula?
"he knows nothing, and he thinks he knows everything  that clearly points to a political career"
i gotta new phone a couple weeks ago and i still dont have all the <propfirst> i lost    so yeah message me your number if you want
fail  i only uploaded half the photos from my second bonfire including <propmale> german-sax voigt's famous captain <propfirst> pose *sigh*
"special needs kids aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way "
"waitress \would you like a 1 2 pound or 3 4 pound of shrimp\"" <propfirst> pos \""which one is smaller \""    that was great"""
"be the kind of person that when your feet hit the floor each morning the devil says \oh shit  hes up\"""""
i challenge facebook to not change anything for an entire month
only i would be capable of crippling myself over and over again   
pain doesnt hurt when its all youve ever known
i just love it when im crippled but dont know what i did   
epic fail of the day- lexa koepke and <propfirst> koepke forgetting their brother at my house   
i lost my voice  im going to blame it on my mom making me get up at 3
who else thinks <propfemale> shouldnt get involved in other countries issues for once in their lives?
ate as much food today as humanly possible
"in champaign it is a law that \one may not pee in his neighbors mouth\"" people wonder why illinois is nuts   """
post this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a packers fan  being a packers fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is no known cure for pf and sympathy does not help   but we can raise awareness  100% of bears fans will repost this       simply because we know how to copy and paste 
"mr  gros- \i hate color!\"" me- \""yeah cause your very colorfully striped shirt definitely helps you with that\"" ah good old band   """
weekend from hell here i come   
pain killers are my best friend  smile 
for everyone who ordered a shirt from me theyre in  although you cant get your shirt until you pay  thanks
so my light bulb just e playful loded? yeah   
just got the new ipod with a camera  smile 
got an ipod  camera  and a bears jersey this christmas and then lexa koepke  and <propfirst> koepke 's familys matching sweaters made everything better and then the hour it took <propfirst> boysen to open his gift  ah my family is awesome  <propfemale> christmas everyone
why is it that i always hurt myself   
holy crowe
cheese cookies = score
soooo sore  just dance 2 at <propfemale> <propfemale> kenney 's <propfemale> dig wasnt a good idea     smile 
its been one of those days when the 3rd grader on the bus next to you flips you off
finally  a show that makes fun of infomercials!
how life works: we suffer through our lives and then we die  such a positive person arent i?
life sucks but in a beautiful kind of way
clap count for the state of the union address=63  anyone else think thats insane?
only my neighbors would snowblow the snow on their driveway when the snows blowing
"\lets try that again and this time not sound like a rat just died in your bell\"" ah mr gros   """
i want one of those spiffy life suits
"copy this to your status and see what you get inboxed\red: be my <propfirst> this year?\yellow: i used to like you\green: i want to mess around\blue: i love you\pink: i want to chill\purple: i like you\black: i want a kiss\silver: you're sweet\white: you're funny\brown: you're amazing\orange: you're cute\indigo: i want your number\message me your answer"
"the lessons we learn outside the classroom are more imprortant than the ones we learn inside  we learn how to live life, the most important lesson of all"
some people need to face facts
note to self: don't get your hand slammed in the car door  that don't feel so good…
"there is a \lie\"" in believe \""over\"" in lover \""end\"" in friend and an \""if\"" in life"""
forget love    id rather fall in chocolate
i saved a dog today  smile 
"if hate is such a strong word, why do we toss around love like its nothing?"
apparently ive been kicked out of the female species cause i dont like the notebook or titanic    oh darn
"i want to be a race car passenger just a guy who bugs the driver \say man can i turn on the radio? you should slow down  why do we gotta keep going in circles? can i put my feet up? man you really like tide  can we turn right this time?\"""""
dear mr gros  if you dont post the band results tomorrow you will have a ton of pissed off nerds coming at you  so i advise you to post them  thanks <propmale>  smile 
basketball team making it to state = early dismissel on friday for me
so the fact that <propmale> is getting first or second at state is kinda awesome
only <propfemale> stoneberg would stalk someone from <propfemale> and then proceed to translate their wall posts  my friends are creeps and that is indeed why they are my favorites
only my father would grill when it's pouring   
i kinda just rode on a hovercraft with <propfemale> scala  smile 
illinois is a very boring state to be driving through   
mr gros dancing    priceless
i just love riding on a bus that everyones asleep on
i really wish i wasn't such an overachiever…
