df29dc9332be478b2ace87a622fea2bc
well it's 2011 and this is gonna be a great year! hasn't been so far but i have my beliefs about what will happen  laugh 
this ain't nothin    -<propmale> <propfirst>  i totally adore that song  ily baby  goodnight everybody 
i just don't know when to stop    why can't i ever just shut up? goodnight ppl  gotta get up in a while to go to work  joy 
just got home from work  textin my love  love   smile  bout to watch a movie n gettin off here  more work tomorrow  yay me  annoyed  haha
"i'm tired, i don't feel good, and i miss you  idk why we haven't talked but i love you "
"as if this night wasn't bad enough, i dropped my phone in water and it won't turn on  guess it don't matter much since nobody took the time to text me  but oh well  i'd love to see how this is gonna turn out   annoyed "
"my phone is temporarily workin but only when its on the charger and i don't move it  it's pissing me off  and you, well you're pissing me off more  maybe there is no reason to have a phone anymore "
i hate what you've done to me  && i hate my stupid phone  i'm done  i give up  you win 
"ugh  today was okay, went swimming and then rented some movies  now i'm trying to figure out how to get a new phone, gonna cook dinner in a little while and watch tv  but none of it numbs the pain "
"just bought a new phone, no pictures or sounds  send me some, thanks  same number 615-946-3380"
"i hate that i love you  my head hurts  my whole body hurts  i feel like i'm going through detox all over again, only without the drugs   sad "
going to work in a few hours  why does everything hurt so bad? i wish my mom was still here  she would know what to do  sad 
"if love is a lie, then that makes you a liar   heart-broken "
"sometimes the only way to be strong is to say nothing  if i do, then i'm back in it and it will only be worse  my heart just can't take it  trying was just to hard for you "
"you ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you with em you meet and neither one of you even know what hit em got that warm fuzzy feeling yeah them chills used to get em now you're getting fuckin' sick of lookin' at em you swore you'd never hit em, never do nothin' to hurt em now you're in each other's face spewin' venom in your words when you spit em    - eminem love the way you lie"
"got a long day today, but hopefully it won't be too bad  only 7 more months and i'll be fine "
just taking it one day at a time  that's the only way i can do this 
"i still love you, and i will forever  we can't hide the truth, we know each other better  but when we try to make it work, we both end up hurt  it aint supposed to be that way  so baby baby stay  stay right where you are, i like this way  it's good for my heart  i haven't felt like this, in god knows how long  i know everything's gonna be okay  if you just stay gone  -- stay gone by <propfirst> <propmale>  love "
i hate this  i completely hate this 
been sittin here  thinkin  how do you say goodbye when all you want to say is i'm sorry baby  where are my shooting stars when i need them?
off to work  less than one week  super hype 
just sittin here thinkin about her  big suprise  i guess we both look at what we had differently  it's not about who cared more  its about who still cares in the end 
tonight was amazing    smile  work totally sucked but it was worth it  haha i'm retarded  can't wipe this stupid smile off my face  damn you love  love 
going to the pool tomorrow with <propfemale> hayes and <propfemale>   smile  then off to lipscomb for ten days on friday  && i'm steady just thinkin about [you]  ugh 
i'm super nervous about tomorrow!!! but i'm excited too   smile  still gotta write my last paper lol so i'm gonna get off so i can focus  text me!!
" laugh  super excited, i'll be at lipscomb in less than three hours  just got done gettin ready  am i forgetting anything? lol"
o m g  i am so freaking nervous!! i can't wait till tonight i just wish [you] could of been there  it would have meant so much more  about to leave for lipscomb summer scholar's 2010!! i'll be back in ten days!! text me  smile 
"so i'm in the computer lab on campus  tonight was fun, and i got to get up early so i'm bout to head back up to the dorm   smile  gosh, i totally love saying that  lol && for once i'm going to enjoy myself and not let you ruin this for me   love "
in the end you always find out who's real and who's fake  had a good day i guess just exhausted  celebrity was awesome lol 
"had a fun day today e playful loring nashville: spaghetti factory, laser tag, all that good stuff  lol i think ppl should take what we talked about in the devo seriously!! off to bed, class in the morning "
"lol i totallly love <propfemale> brick you are my bff hands down!!  smile  summer scholars rocks, can't wait to go canoeing tomorrow!! can't believe it's almost over, but i'll be back to lipscomb, one more year!!!"
"lol canoeing on the harpeth river today was amazing, and apparently dangerous  who knew running into trees hurt so bad?  smile  can't wait for the rave tonight!!! can't believe summer scholars is almost over, but we're going out with a bang!!!"
"omg the rave tonight was totally awesome!!! lol strobe lights, glow sticks, techno  how do ou say summer scholars 2010 def had a great last night!!! tomorrow is the last day  sad  hate to go, but happy to say i'll be back for good in a year!!  love  had a blast!!!"
"just added pictures from summer scholars!! if you check them out and know the ppl in them, please help me tag them cause there are like 200  thanks!!! i miss you guys already love "
"lets see    a room full of food, a luau, crazy times with friends, canoeing, an insanely fun rave: am i missing anything  smile    summer scholars was great!!!  love "
just got done watching the bounty <propmale> and chole  have to work tomorrow so i'll prob get off here soon  smile  went to <propmale> e  cheese's today! -haha don't ask  text meeeee  love 
off to work  love  texttt me  smile 
"     love  about to head to bed, i'm exhausted  still haven't caught up on my sleep  smile  haha"
"well i have work tomorrow so i'm getttin off here,  love  night to all my fellow facebooker friends!  smile  text meee!"
"mmkay just got home from work  do me a favor ppl, if you ever want chicken, please do not come to kfc  work suckeddd!!  laugh  lol text meee!"
ugh i can't sleep    i miss my mom  love  rip  sad 
"so it's almost five am right? can't sleep so i'm on fb chat with my daddy, this is what the last few things i said to him looked like: haha guess what?    daddy!! guess what guess what guess what!!     five minutes later: daddy you annoy me  don't even have time to talk to your daughter!!! i had a funny i wanted to share  you always said it was good to share!!! my daddy lied to me!!!  laugh  haha wow  i need sleep!"
"well, went to bed at almost seven this morning, now i'm back off to head to work i close tonight & open in the morning  *fun*   laugh  i hope i can get back on a more normal schedule soon   love  have a wonderful day you guys!!"
"off to bed now, happy birthday daddy!!!  smile  have to get up in a few hours to open kfc   annoyed  can't wait till i get off work to <propfemale> with my bestest friend <propfirst>!!  love "
today was a *horrible* day  literally prob one of the top ten worst days of my lifee      ughh  i miss my mom  sad 
"had an okay day, went school shopping clothes shopping which was a blast  love  i totally have these neon yellow flats  how do you say yellow is awesome!! ordered some chinese food when i got home, just chillen nowwwww   smile "
"i can blow a bubble online!!  laugh \see >   o 0 o\i mean it's not like spongebob's bubbles but hey, it's still awesome!!  laugh "
"? well i guess i'm about to go figure out what the day has in store for me, text meeee  love "
"well since they are overbooked at work, for once: i get the night off  ?"
"i am soooooo sick of people  lets make this leave autumn alone day, mmkay?! cause i'm sick of everyone "
"well i'm off to work till close, then in the morning headin' to new orleans  texttttt me  love "
"maybe the conversation didn't go all that well, but at least i was honest   love  night facebook!"
"well its off to new orleans for me, i am so looking foward to the nine hour drive  yeah, no i'm not < laugh  haha texttt meeeeeee  love "
i'm <propfemale> getting sick of treated like i'm six years old  um excuse me i'm about to be eighteen? thank you alot  i hate <propmale> care 
"mmkay, so i really love how beautiful new orleans is  mmkay, so i really hate stupid 15 year olds who think they are better than you because they are spoiled  if you ain't lived my life, do not tell me that you know what it's like  i really hope this trip doesn't suck as bad as the ppl i'm here with do  ughhhhhh"
so i locked myself in the bathroom on the fifteenth floor in a hotel in new orleans  i seriously could have a better convo with walls then the ppl i live with 
do you think our love can take us away together?     i think our love can do anything  -the notebook   love 
"stuffy nose, sore throat, headache, and fever  i hate being sick  ugh but this bed is <propfemale> comfortable  text meee "
pretty little liars love  i'm sooo hooked   laugh 
"living my life for [me] cause living my life for you is miserable; your not worth this  can't wait for my senior year to start!!! not long till i'm 18! can't wait   love  night ppl, texttt meeee!"
"i hateeeee having this stupid cold! ugh well i'm off to work in a few, texttt meeeeee!!  love "
"work sucks when you feel like crap lol  took some dayquil and a bc powder, hopefully that will help  textt meeee!  love "
"mmkay so i just got off work like an hour ago, && i really should go to sleep since i have to get up at 6, but liking things on random website is so much fun  i bet ppl would think i'm crazy if they saw me randomly burst out laughing at somethin i see on the computer   love  text meeee!"
"enjoying the day off just relaxing and watching some tv, hanging out tonight with <propfemale> <propmale> <propmale>  smile  going to go see <propfirst> st  cloud haha text meeee ?"
"had fun tonight, <propfirst> st  cloud was amazing!! it makes you cry, laugh, and it makes you really really angry at times love  haha but it's worth watching  prob going to get some sleep, have to work tomorrow "
"haha had fun at work tonight, <propfemale> hayes definitely made it better smile  more work tomorrow!! listenin to music && eating sour skittles   love  textt meee!"
"just got off the phone with my daddy, gosh he makes me laugh  laugh  about to go raid the fridge to see if i can find some grub, then gettin ready for work! texttt meeee  love "
dudeee work is sooooo slow  sometimes i enjoy it but right now its makin me even more tired  readyy to go homee and go to sleep now haha  love 
"work was slowww so i got off early   smile  ordered some pizza, && just chillen now  texttt meeeee!  love "
mmkay guys so we finally did it!! seniors class of 2011!!!! love 
"a1- strickland, lifetime activities; a2- agee, modern history; a3- <propfirst>, physics i honors; a4- harville, english 4; b1- <propfemale>, peer tutoring; b2- murphree, french 2; b3- little, imag writing; b4- <propmale>, pre cal w  trig honors"
"just got donee watching pretty little liars: oh my, i am so in love with that show   smile  lol can't wait till next season  went school supplies shopping today, just relazing now  textt meee  love "
can't believe summer is gone!! starting senior year tomorrow!!! wowww love  can't believe it  haha textt meee  
"just got home for workk  officially a senior!! haven't been on in a while, haha haven't much sleep either  textt meee!  love "
"boredd  about to leave for work in a few, textt meeee  love  [this is the dark before the <propfemale>, the storm before the peace, don't be afraid cause seasons change, & god is watching over you  ]  smile "
"went to the dentist today, totally had a trip on that laughing gas lol   laugh  had a great day at school, being a senior is amazing!  love  bout to get some sleep  textt meee  "
"it's amazing when you look back, && it feels like time has flown by so fast  then you look forward and feel like it's never gonna get here  tiredd   love  school & work tomorroww, the start of a long working weekend for me  smile  textt me "
neverrr burn a bridge; we as humans have not figured out how to turn ash back into wood   love  school and work today  completely eshausted! more school and work tomorrow  yay  annoyed  off to beddd  text me tomorrow  smile 
"one of my best friends at work had a miscarraige today, right in the lobby of kfc  we had to call an ambulance and everything   sad  you really don't know what you have until it's gone  so thankful to be alive  new number & new phone in a few days,so i prob will turn mine off maybe go w o one for a few days   love "
im superr suprised at howexhausted i am from sooo much school and work  senior year is greatt so far!! 2011 cant wait  probably bout to try to get some sleep    texttt meee love 
"off to get my hair cut, get some food, and then to workk!! text me  smile "
just got home from workk  it's past midnight? are you kidding me  ughh  have to open as the cook tomorrow  this should be *fun*  annoyed  bout to try & get a few hours of sleep 
"<propfemale> i have decided that i am not liking physics like i thought i would! super tired, had fun sunday night!"
"well its rainy, i didnt finish my physics, and i woke up late  but for some reason im thinkin today is gonna be a good day     love "
bout to leave for work here soon  last night was hilarious with the crew at work!! i'm officially exhausted   love  i'm gonna need some serious caffeine to survive tonight!! text meeee  smile 
"& her friends don't understand her, she's a question without answers    who feels like falling apart   love "
"so my physics teacher told me that you always want the one thing you can't have  all weekend this stuck with me, && somehow i find it to be true  interesting    well i'm exhausted   love  workk all weekend  no fun  annoyed  haha"
"hahahah andreaa <propmale> my mind's telling me walk away, but my heart screams give it one more try  love  infinity "
super tired  going to bed  text meee tomorrow  love 
today was priceless as janan dosky and <propfemale> colazo and i went in search of a snack machine with a hersheys   smile  i haven't laughed that hard in forever!! ?
i'm really thinkin about what i should do    you only live once right? hmmmm  such a hard decision   love 
"in the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, the relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make   love "
"so i heard this song today by <propfemale> <propfirst> that i haven't heard in a while  it made me think of you, god i miss you  rip mom i love you   sad "
so today was a pretty good day [: hahah my friends freakin made my day today     love 
"gettin to relax for the first time this weekend    love  in my bed, i don't feel good so i'll probably crash soon  school tomorrow   blah  annoyed  text meeee!!"
"has been super busy this whole past week!!!  annoyed \ work in the morning, can't say i'm gonna enjoy that  lol hopefully this next week be less busy   doubt it  laugh  texttt meee  love "
"been shopping all night, and i'm exhausted lol  so i suppose i'll continue this    \like\"" this status and i'll tell you the truth about something   smile """
"for the next 24\hours you can ask me one question  smile  it can only be in my inbox though\ smile  i will answer no matter what  laugh  you are guaranteed to have my full\honesty put this in your status and see what people ask"
i don't understand why there is always that one person you want more than anyone that you know you don't have a <propmale> with  at home  just listening to music thinkin 
everyone dies 
"\you are my only one   \"" hmmm  laying on my bed just got home listenin to music """
ask me a question in my inbox and ill answer on my status  smile  like my status and ill do why what's up? comment on it and tell me ur favorite thing about me and ill do the same  smile 
"well to be honest i haven't thought about you since you swtiched outta agee's class n bc we just never clicked  \and yes <propfirst> i do   smile "
just really sick of everybody right now  im thinkin about turnin my phone of for a couple weeks  about to go home and watch a movie   annoyed 
so i'm startin to think i need to just give up with trying to be happy or having something good   annoyed  i wish i was someone else 
is having such a bad morning   sad  stuck at home bc the boyfriend wants to be a jerk and has decided that a bunch of stupid stuff is more important than me  thank you <propfemale> bitner and <propfemale> <propfemale> hartman for being here for me 
"okay well i had a pretty good night after a bad morning  probably just gonna listen to music so go ahead and like this and \ill admit\""   smile """
is stillllll awake   annoyed  lol i can't wait till tomorrow <propfemale> <propfemale> hartman we gotta make it fun   laugh  and you know why? bc your my brownie and if you dont understand that your stupid     hahah lmao had fun with you and <propfirst> didion tonight  see you in a few hours lol  love 
ughhh  im about to go to bed  maybe im just frustrated so much from my lack of sleep but i feel like goin off   annoyed  happy thanksgiving    yeah  right 
sittin here just thinkin  like this and ill do remember when 
has had a busy past couple of weeks and im sure the next ones will be just as interesting  lol about to go to sleep bc i don't know if i can make it all day at the blood drive with like 4 hours of sleep in 2 days  hit me up tomorrow   laugh  nightttt!  love 
whats up with the <propfirst> game lol i havent been on facebook in a <propfemale> so someone e playful lain so i can do it  lol
haha haven't been home in forever but here i am  smile  so i'm pretty sure i've never said this    but my life is pretty amazing at times   love  can't wait until february!!! but until then i'll take christmas & new years as a plus   
at the boyfriends hangin out with my sister and some people   smile  i love my lifeeee!!!!  love  txt me if u wanna kick it!!
not okay right now   sad 
"had an amazing day afterall   smile  life is finally lookin up and im so excited for what this year holds  love  text me tomorrow gotta get up before the sun does, so night fellow friends  smile "
"great night, long day tomorrow off to sleep  smile "
"getting my car tomorrow, but won't be able to use it till next month  smile  if we have school we will be like the only county that does an i'm gonna be super mad lol  night  love "
"got my jeep grand cherokee laredo today!!!! i think i'm already in love with my car lmao  no school tomorrow, but oh well it's senior year, screw it   love  haha"
