a5034f52dbf8c0e47d7924e4f118782a
2010!
eww finals
summer!
is going to oxnard
starts crew camp today
relay for life  smile 
reading the road
started online driving  yuck
oc fair  smile 
casa de <propfemale>  smile 
this is weird weather
 love s summer!
 love  <propfemale> and <propfemale>
babysitting and drivers <propmale>  fun day   
buying school supplies is sooo depressing 
"<propfirst> is currently with <propfemale> 'mcsexy' lilley  she's so beautiful and no man can resist her sparkling smile and mouth-watering body  she's so gorgeous, but you already know that  bye "
beach  smile 
knotts tomorrow!
going grunion hunting tonight haha
watching the da vinci code
wants to go school shopping!
"choi, greene, nadell, hart, rockwell, fleming!"
going to irvine spectrum!
can't believe school starts wednesday  sad  summer's short
summer homework should be illegal or something
last day of freedom  ahhhhh!
bad news: school is in less than 10 hours  good news: we have a three day weekend coming up  smile 
they should really have a dislike button  because i would totally use it for school and homework and teachers and such
orange festival
 love  the proposal
can't believe i missed this sonic boom everyone's talking about
decorating room
 love  <propfirst> swift  stupid kanye
i hate the concept of homework  we go to school every single day of our life (almost) for 6 hours and then they e playful ect us to go home and do more! ahhh
wooo! minimum day tomorrow  smile 
sooo much homework so little time
i hate colds
amazing race is on tonight!
happy birthday mom  smile 
who's wearing pajamas tomorrow???
it's sunday night and i'm doing a world history project with <propfemale> fml
sick  sad 
psats at 8 in the early morning yuck!
weekends go by sooo fast    and then school
eating two flavor skittles
attempting to study for a test i don't understand  great
there are not enough hours in the day
halloween is coming so quickly!
passed my permit test  smile 
"catch a falling <propfemale> and put it in your pocket, never let it fade away   "
<propfirst> swift's snl really funny!
it is such a small world
plan test tomorrow  yuck
homework ruins sunday
just got <propfirst> swift's christmas cd  smile 
really wants to c new <propfemale>!
happy thanksgiving!!!
can officially listen to christmas music now that thanksgiving is over  smile 
decorating christmas tree  smile 
really wants to see blindside!
christmas is coming soooo slowly!
break is almost here!
las vegas!
christmas went by very fast this year
finally saw blindside and it was amazing!
last day of 2009!
can't believe break is almost over!
is watching the bachelor  smile 
turquoise  smile 
ah caesar is sooooo boring! there's a reason why only a salad was named after him 
rain all next week!
avatar was amaaazzziinngg
watching <propfemale> globes
made yuca y platanos fritos  didnt turn out so well   
never thought there would have been a tornado in seal beach
well now i have a filled up swimming pool  easy wasy to save $
it's getting verrryy <propfemale>
reverse surprise party and lovely bones all in one night  ha
assembly tomorrow which means less school  smile 
dear <propfirst> tommoorrrooow  smile 
with <propfemale>!  smile 
loves having monday off!
watching olympic opening ceremony!
wants it to be spring break
<propmale> year is so stressful and confusing and im not even a <propmale> yet haha
had fun at open mic night!
watchin the oscars with my weird friends
friday!!! only 15 fridays left until school is over
<propfemale> mcguire movie  smile 
it feels like august
st  patricks day tomorrow!
got a car!!!!
mr  griffin!
built a house for mexico today  smile 
happy easter!
nothing like a good earthquake on easter
boston here i come!
wish it was summer  sad 
 love  glee!
open house is always awkward with some teachers haha
airplanes -b o b
"goodbye weekend, i will miss you"
spending the day with my mother
confirmation  smile 
research project  yay 
phone broke  fantastic
morp!
san <propmale>  smile 
up early    very early tomorrow for ap test and so <propmale> year stuff begins
vegas tomorow!!!!
in vegas!     stuck in a hotel room doing homework  fun
summer 2010  love 
"colorado softball tournament for a week     i'm not good at packing \light\"""""
finally home from long but fun week in colorado
off to vancouver wa for another softball torney  smile 
finally home! washington was fun except for the many bug bites i now have
34 games in four weeks  not bad  tired but it was fun  smile 
really wants to see inception and despicable me!
hmm what to do today  
killed a mosquito with a squeqee  no bug bite tonight
"man, i wish i was <propfemale> lilley  she's da bombskies, fools!"
helllloooo license  smile 
relay for life!!!!
"24 hours, no sleep = suupper tired"
i  love  farrells ice cream
dinner for schmucks = hilarious movie
laguna beach  smile 
fun bonfire  smile  ill miss my softball seniors  sad 
watched a 4 hour dance show   what i do for my cousin  smile 
finished link crew and now on to palm springs ! woot woot
i heart retreat! but it's like 112 degrees yuck
"1  currie 2  erice 3  mckee 4  kaulig \5  meider 6  lusk anyone?????"
"no matter how hard i try not to, i always procrastinate the fun summer assignment  teachers do not realize we have lives and that summer and homework just dont belong "
disneyland  smile 
"goodbye summer 2010, hurry up summer 2011!"
i like to rub raw baby butts with corn 
"it is not length of life, but depth of life "
it is not possible to study for precalc when there is facebook and wipeout
there's nothin better than driving six hours to stockton after six hours of school    fun   
"78 degrees, <propfemale>, cloudy, thunder hmmm what doesnt mix?"
jersey shore here i come!
this morning was in <propfemale> now back in ca woo!
knott's scary farm!
florida!
goodbye <propfemale> atlantic ocean and hello <propfemale> pacific
tomorrow is officially like a friday  hallelujah!
open mic night  smile 
football game  smile  go losal!
los <propmale> sunset league champs!
disneyland  smile 
happy turkey day  smile 
watching elf   its officially christmas time!  smile 
"<propmale> potter and burlesque, two good movies in the same day"
just 4 more days   
this week is the longest week of my life
"sittin by the fire, christmas movies, hot chocolate, ily christmas!"
<propfemale> christmas 2010  smile 
"finishing break with a whole day of disneyland and pretty little liars  smile  dear school, you ruin everything "
el burrito jr with <propfemale>  smile 
i  love  boston! even though it's 15 degress and snowing    
sat and studying for finals    fun weekend
"shakespeare is in its own language, not english; thanks goodness for no fear shakespeare  smile "
"so apparently, by saturday there could be snow on the hollywood sign  mother natures going crazy again"
i  love  zumba!!!
you should definately go to the interact student talent show on wednesday march 23 at 7pm in the pac! tickets are on sale at asb for $5 and $10 at the door!
american idol taping was sooo amazing  laugh 
i come into my house and my parents are watching mean girls    ha
i  love jennifeeeerrrrrrrrrrr
jkkkk i love <propfemale> soooooooooooooooo much more!!!!!
lady gaga concert!
