4474836c3a0ff944a36f9cf7da21df43
is off to a full day of nothing
"found an awsome used book store in calais, and is sitting back reading some <propmale> cornwall "
"is off to the flying dutchmen for paintball, oh yeah "
"is of too work at the dump, man what a fun job    "
"the jeep is broken down, again   "
is going to see <propfirst> colbert!
just got a job working with horses for the summer 
is back from an evening trip in the canoe 
"is physically, spiritualy, mentally, and grammatically exhausted, as well as sun burned!"
<propmale> potter tomorrow night anyone?
"presque isle from tomorrow till go know when, oh joy"
has returned to civilization
if one were to look up the term farmers tan it would simply state see <propfirst> <propfemale> for details 
the hay is finally in and i can dedicate the rest of my day to all that i aspire to    which is of course nothing 
"plan for tomorrow, that way you don't have to do anything today!"
"packing, and then off too school!"
loafing in machias
arrrgggh
"don't worry, be happy    "
"fire alarms stink, but french vanilla coffee more than makes up for it  "
"hungry, and very bored   "
watching adventureland while working front desk  
is pretty awesome   and doesn't even know it!!
ecstatic   
mint overload!!
"damned zombie movies, they're so distracting   "
<propfemale> of the dead and lobster or homework      well there go all priorities   
rehearsal on my day off from 12- 8?  sounds wonderful    i'm going to go cry now    
has a brand new haircut    
"patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it -- <propfirst> twain"
what a day    
a ruffled mind makes a restless pillow   ~charlotte brontë
it is going to be one long week    
opening night!!!
"\the <propmale> is to you mondego\""- <propmale> dantes"""
"\for well you know that its a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder\""- hey <propfirst>"""
"anoying is to aggraviting, as boring is to front desk   i'm not sure if this makes that much sense, but oh well   "
is fearing for his sanity   
feels like crap   
this is the path where all paths converge
happy thanksgiving!
"has returned to machias, and consequently forgotten his cell phone in his car, oh well!!"
"reading <propmale> history, and then philosphy followed by a trip to the bank, and then who knows?"
has salsa and corn chips!!  smile 
"frozen salsa, nooo!!"
"has only just returned from a snowy and adventurous woodland romp, capping off a more than decent day!"
"has returned to machias with a phone that is out of batteries, a jeep that is out of gas, and class in fifteen minutes!!"
what a day   
"if you have it, you don't need to have anything else, and if you don't have it, it doesn't matter much what else you have- sir <propfirst> m <propfemale>"
"there is no bodhi-tree, there is just the void     a dose of eastern philosophy to improve your day   "
these pretzels are making me thirsty!  - seinfeld
studying <propmale> history in the galley    
is it the man that makes the journey or the journey that makes the man?
"a late night snowshoe followed by the last of the mohicans, sounds like a plan    "
wrapping presents!!
enjoying a good cup of vanilla green tea
keep me searchin' for a heart of gold   
is now six dollars poorer but is now the proud owner of two brand new hardcover books as well as a gadsden flag     thank you ebay!!!
"\a brave man likes the feel of nature upon his face \"" \""but a wise man has enough sense to get of the rain \""- big trouble in little <propfemale>"""
<propfirst> is back!!!
zombieland at 8!
front desk   
front desk again
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93%    won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons "
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"is at work, and enjoying a fairly relaxing evening "
"the closest i've come to the brink of death was the night i punched <propmale> crowe, the gladiator, in the head- gaelic storm"
just bought the across the universe limited edition    thank you ebay
"*warning* symptoms of valentines day, or vd, may include nausea, vomiting, 1st, 2nd, and even 3rd degree burns, and may also cause mild seizures   be sure to avoid close contact with the infected as vd is easily transmittable "
"has returned from bangor with a good book,  a full stomach,and a warning to others not to see <propmale> gibson's movie"
damn you montezuma!
"has no cell phone, and couldn't care less    smile "
"ain't no sunshine when she's gone,only darkness everyday,  ain't no sunshine when she's gone,  and she's always gone to long, anytime she gone away  "
your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elder berries!!!
opening night!!
"take your time, but don't take mine lose yourself, but don't lose your mind"
"saint pattys behind a desk, not what i e playful ected, but lemon <propfemale> from lemons, lets tie some flies    "
"still the rain kept falling, falling from my ears, and i wonder still i wonder, who'll stop the rain?"
can see!! hooray for contact lenses!!
kabobs + open fire + various other foodstuffs = a very good night    this is math i can handle
"starry, starry night, paint your pallet blue and grey, look out on a <propfemale> day- <propmale> mclean"
call me ishmael   
"just washed aspirin down with cough syrup, at least i'm able to be manly and sick at the same time   "
hates modern <propmale>   
how do you measure a year in the life   
is off to boston
when did maine develop a rainy season?  i mean seriously    
"is about to set off for the wilds of mdi, should be a good day!"
"deans list, booyah!!"
"has a tan line where he parts his hair, wow   "
uva uvam videndo varia fit
"has successfully stormed canada, been witness to three excellent country bands, and has returned with a freshly autographed cd   a good day!"
the oldest rhythm is the shuffle of the going and gone    corb lund
"if anyone would care to observe the beautiful, new, and of course artistically designed  roof of the dunkin donut's in calais you may simply thank me, and skip( my cousin and boss, who did most of  the work), for keeping your donuts dry and your coffee warm"
"last weekend before moving back to machias on wednesday, time to make it count   paintball in the morning   "
"packing and then bound for machias for a few    well, more like eternity   "
"there's something about horses, especially a paint\whenever i see horses i see a path i didn't take~ corb lund"
"hurricane <propmale> really needs to man up, this is just sad   it's not even raining!!"
"now has a new phone  tomorrows objective, making it operational"
is attempting to make his hair as curly as possible
a system restore might be in store for my computer in the near future   the fact that it no longer recognizes that it has an audio device could be a problem 
bringing out the hat oh yeah     
is doggedly trying to fix his broken computer
a man ought to do what he thinks is right-  the duke
"just finished his home work for the evening, and hopes he is as pleased with his essays in the morning as he is now "
"i'd love to change the world, but i don't know what to do, so i'll leave it up to you~ ten years after"
there's nothing like a nice piece of hickory~ <propmale> eastwood
", unlike new hampshire, is not duty free"
someone tell lady luck that i'm stuck here ~ little shop
is gellin'
"it's not that funny, you are not part of the studio audience, stop laughing, please you sound like a herd of loons jacked up on lsd   if only loons were legal hunting    "
"i don't know, i don't know, i have so, so many strong, reservations"
\well it's forty bellow and i don't give a *&%^\,4474836c3a0ff944a36f9cf7da21df43,"change your facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook til monday, december 6th  joing the fight against child abuse and help raise awareness on this issue, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same!"
"is quite happy, yet entirely frustrated with technology    "
"she's a killer queen,\ gunpowder, gelatine\ she's dynamite with a laser beam,\ guaranteed to blow your mind, anytime- (<propfemale>)"
esrt dans <propfemale> bibliotheque
just watched a movie with an amazing individual   good night <propfirst>!
"do you know what they do to whales in jail?  nothin, cuz whales are god damn humungous!"
"advice for living in the recession-\call yourself an artist, that way when your starving it seems more romantic "
aaarrrrrghhhhhhh             why is it that i find myself doing more writing for my job than i do for my education?
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes!!!!
"some day i will learn that procrastination is a bad thing, but since today clearly wasn't that day then i see why god gave unto man the gift of vanilla coke "
"back in machias, rocking out "
