43d5c585bfeb31aa138b23e5f1997931
"a new years resolution is supposed to be kept at all times, right? my new year's resolution is to have my heart beat one more time"
happy new years efl people
"i know that efl changed me a whole lot and i cant wait to apply that this year  the people i met there are the only reason why i have a facebook, that is how special they all are to me "
<propmale> will be at comicon!!!
spirit jailbreak has been updated for all idevices: ipod iphone and ipad  go to jailbreakme com on your idevice  ask me for any help and i'll give you all you need to know
"just got my school schedule\\1  synoptic gospels\2  world masterpieces\3  ap physics\4  photography 1\5  humanities\6  study hall\7  ap calc bc"
flash is now available for jailbroken iphone 3gs and 4 and ipad 3 2 1  and ipod touches  <propmale> jobs does not approve this 
the <propfirst> of students at notre dame will be at mcnellies today 
why is this wind so friggin hot?
achh  i left my wall phone charger in arkansas
do we have any ap physics homework?
"synoptic gospels people, what are the chapters and books that we are able to choose from?"
everything that we need to do the rest of our lives needs to be done perfectly  our grades need to be good so we get a good job  we need to be the best at our jobs to make money  and we need to be the best family person possible  there is too much stress in our lives
"everyone tells us to get a job we love  that never works out  we get a job we are good at, and for most it is sitting behind a computer talking on the phone and getting harassed by everyone  is this what the american dream is? is this what we are to become later in life?"
"people say that hate is the opposite of love  i say that apathy is the opposite of love  when you do not care about someone, you are ignoring their existence  being ignored is one thing that humans are not capable of handling  humans are social animals who like to be around other of their species, and when one is ignored it feels bad for itself "
are you an okie? -- my result: you are 100% okie  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 58018 referrals status?aid=100001303788893
"modmyi has their own official app in the app store  go get it out before apple removes it  if you don't know about modmyi, its the largest jailbreaking site besides cydia  it has tons of help from people who will help, unlike apple"
"taft? \-<propmale> rooney"
"i had my iphone hooked up to the wifi, and then i turned on my computer  i got an error message saying someone else (iphone) has your ip address  i heard a few weeks ago that we are running out ip addresses, who'd have thought it be so soon "
"happiness:a state of well-being and contentment\but what if we want more than that? what if we want happiness? there is no definition for that  if we do not know the definition of something, how are we to know we have attained it? we do not, we cannot know when or if we have attained happiness "
"whoops, bye phone and car  totally worth it though  smile "
got my phone back and *maybe* my car
1 5 hours for 38 calc bc problems  i don't think this is going to work
got you where i want you  yea ahh oooooooooooooooo got you where i want you
"i love everyone at school and in life and would do anything for every one of them, but sometimes wonders if any of them feel the same way towards me   "
<propmale> is on now on nbc  everyone watch it now
who watched <propmale> tonight?
"totally bricked my iphone, itll take a while to get it back to how i wanted it  sad "
"oh no cow group, i lost my silly band d:"
efl cow family check in group  i lost my silly band today between first and second hour  sad 
i finally got my synoptic gospels paper written!!! 8 pages too
"two hours after i order food, we get chicken and tots  way to friggin go chefs  you know when i get my food at noon i only have a few minutes to eat before i leave work"
just checked my new act score: 30!!!  laugh 
"people who have txted or called me, i have lost everything from the last 10 days  sorry"
"this is ridiculous, there is only one radio station where ever the heck i am right now (delaware somewhere)  and people are mad drivers in philadelphia too"
"delaware is free to enter, but has a $4 ransom to leave"
no school tomorrow
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long "
"are college applications designed to count the number of lies? i hope not, or i might get the high score"
and on the eighth day god created kfc
"people often wonder about my phone password 1017  if didn't go to my school freshman year it's ok  but when i say it's a particular date 10 17 i love it how people will give me a hug knowing i was best friends with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  i love you guys, and i miss you all  i always think of you guys everyday because you all were wonderful people in my life  love "
"<propmale> lunn, i don't know how you do it  it's hard enough for me with this gaping hole in my heart  everyone seems to forget about you, and i want you to know i love you too"
has it already been 3 years? feels like yesterday   
"wake up, things might get rough  no need to stress, keeps you down too much  wake up, i heard they found a solution  where’ll you be for the revolution?"
"guess if i was simple in the mind\everything would be fine"
"like this and i will send you a message containing the following annoyed \1  something i love about your wall\2  the color you remind me of\3  what i think of you when i first see you\4  the animal you remind me of\5  something i wonder about you\6  my favorite thing about you"
"<dawson wright (7 years old) walks into room>\dawson <to ginger> -\why does my dad call you ginger?\""\",43d5c585bfeb31aa138b23e5f1997931,"everyperson has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least foran hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still    fighting it"
gooooooooooooooooooo <propfemale>
m&m's come in 23 colors if you so wanted  laugh 
"thank you everyone for the happy birthday wishes, especially debrup mitra, <propfemale> <propfemale>, zach thibault, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> grace cooper, melroy cookhorn, grace zhang, will bloder, laurin wright, <propfirst> facheris, <propfirst> mickael, lajay pyt knox, and <propfirst> watters  i love you efl friends, you are the best  everyone else who wished me a happy birthday i love you too"
thank you to the person who made my day start out feeling good  you know who you are
thank you to the person who made my day (once again) start out amazingly
finally an eagle scout
why do you (god) make days suck so much at the end of a decent day?
finally a cut the rope update!!!! the most thing i am thankful for!!!
happy thanksgiving everybody  especially you efl people i miss you all a ton
so how does this dislike thingamabob work?
nobody download the dislike button
got my efl vanderbilt letter today in the mail that i sent to myself  i miss you guys
i guess ill do the number thing everyone else is doing
"(1231) wow   thanks is all i can say to you  for everything you do for me, you don't know how much you've helped me  anyways i think you're absolutely beautiful exactly the way you are and don't change in the least bit  i don't know how we got to be such good friends so quickly, i guess that's what happens when i steal your number when you your friend put it online and proceed to bother you to no end haha "
"1583\you are a really good person who cares about their friends and isnt afraid to do something outside your comfort zone (you sit with the seniors at lunch)  you are an amazing person who is smart and talented at most everything you do, you are most likely going to do well in the business world, if only we could toughen you up "
finally done with college crap
"when people ask me where i am going for college, is it socially acceptable to hand them a sheet of paper with my answer on it saying \1  where i am applying \2  where i want to go\3  what i will be majoring in?"
so osu thinks i'm smart enough to get in   
"mounting disk0s2s1   \error\applebcmwlan : :handleokotbusywatchdogtimeout(): error, no successful tirmwaredownload after 60000 ms!! giving up   \\the last line of code my phone wrote  sad \sorry guys, looks like i have to restore my phone   again"
"mounting disk0s2s1   \error\applebcmwlan : :handleokotbusywatchdogtimeout(): error, no successful tirmwaredownload after 60000 ms!! giving up   \\the last line of code my phone wrote  sad "
hey efl people in hawaii!!! how does that country ash whupping feel like?
<propfemale> christmas efl people
"21  i have to say that you are a very special person to me, i don't know what makes s h  worry so much about you but it doesn't matter  i care for you so very much  you are super cute and special  and you sound pretty smart too (a very big plus for me)  sorry i didn't do this earlier, it's because i dont like to fill up people's news feed and i don't like updating very much"
ending for cod <propmale> was pretty freaking good
i hope i dont meet someone like you again
"oh my god, my room feels so good"
"i am not so proud to say that since july 12, 2010 (efl vanderbilt) my basketball skills have not improved "
"all efl fte friends  i found the link to sign up for our reunion \\http annoyed  www fte org student-programs reunion-programs "
http annoyed  images onlineschools org s3 amazonaws com obsessed-with-facebook jpg
"happy birthday ibm, you're 100 years old yesterday"
"ibm is alive and well  \\http annoyed  www adafruit com blog 2011 01 21 ibm-centennial-film "
"should not have procrastinated on my calc, three assignments due tomorrow  1 2 down 2 1 2 to go  f u rankin!!!"
"is abusive to his little sister  <propfemale>  \much love, lizzi smile "
"everyone watch jeopardy now, and tomorrow and the day afterwards"
"wooooo go watson, dominating the competition!!! go ibm!!!!!!!!"
ibm watson won!!!! accept our computer overlords!!!
i hope i don't end up like my dad
"no, i kept postponing and it's too late  wish i hadn't but i'll be thinking of you all  i thought of you today also because your profile pic caught my eye it's awful catchy"
denied at notre dame  crying 
