38fb34864338d65aa69e197c80493667
wtf is hp6?
is feeling more than a little dumb  annoyed 
"back from chicago, sleep never seemed so attractive  that's why i'm on my computer getting emails and such "
"is thinking you can have anything you want, just not everything; so you'd better choose which want you want now while you still want what you can have "
my eye is burning!!!
"no surgery, just pain equivalent to passing a gallstone for another week  yay?"
is thinking guitar hero would be much less obnoxious if my walls were always sound-proofed 
is excited to go on choir retreat!
mah spoon is too big!
great  now i can't stop thinking about zombies coming to get me 
too    much    homework    *erk*
is suuuper excited for saturday  smile 
"is very content with the all hallow's <propfemale> e playful erience from this year, and will now enjoy a comfortable bed with a wonderful companion "
is still trying to get black gunk out of his hair 
apparently homework that hasn't been appropriately aged by procastination takes about 10 hours longer than it should 
"is really glad that he always locks the door when he's at home  apparently, crazy people with guns do happen "
my throat was just raped by a pea    my current condition is debatable 
hey all choir peoples! please check your email for a message from rothlisberger about a gig tomorrow (monday) 
"is celebrating his b-day by studying for tests and writing papers  school waits for no one  thanks for all the wishes, guys! makes the difference between studying in a good mood from studying in a bad mood  laugh "
"i went from thinking i wouldn't be doing anything for my b-day to having people over, a pizza party, ice-cream cake, presents, a bazillion b-day wishes on fbook, and a new cell phone! thank you so much, guys, it means a lot to me "
is excited to look for <propfemale> borealis tonight 
is unhappy that the solid wall of clouds has foiled his star-gazing plans yet again! those gemini meteors would have been wicked-cool 
is glad to be back in stillwater    it's just so much cleaner 
"you must have heard your fathers tell my story, whoever your fathers are; you must know of my life, the anguish i once had, and the great house full of my treasure, left in desolation "
"thusfar today has consisted of shoveling copious amounts of snow, then doing it all over when the wind undoes my work  somewhere someone in a god costume is laughing at me "
's hands smell strongly of garlic 
needs more nerd points so he can level and take some skills in computering 
"is playing through bg1 again  if you know what that means, kudos, if you don't, you don't deserve to know "
"is soooo sleepy, but soooo tired of sleeping without actually sleeping "
is entertained by energetic children who can think of nothing they'd rather do than run in circles in the living room 
how many msum students does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
"\doppelgänger week \"" -- during this week change your profile picture to someone famous who you have been told you look like  post this to your profile """
is super pumped for spring break!
"omgomgomg! has real internet in 3   2   wait, wait it's already here! is connected with life again!!!!"
why is the world always short of dm's?
my hands smell of bergamont
is grossed out by geographic tongue
begins his quest for data tomorrow!
"'s hands now smell like a cross between bergamont, chocolate, cinnomen, and myrrh    actually i'm pretty much just permeated with the smell "
"my favorite thing right now: <propfemale> says (10:43 pm):  i went there, <propfirst>  when you have a dinosaur, you're a boy "
"is at the airport waiting for his new flight     again  they apparently always oversell by 10% which usually works out, but they should really think about lowering that around spring break and the holidays!"
"had a fun (though short) concert, and is now looking forward to celebrating 4 b-days in one big stillwater weekend!"
enjoying the amazing 85% cacao chocolate from trader joes     so cheap! soooo good!
hmm    i think i liked the chocolate-covered-tree-testicles better 
got to use jujitsu for the first time and save a lady in distress in a relatively peaceful manner  yay enforcement style martial arts!
is silly stuff 
is chasing time's tail 
concert!
is in the pursuit of menalist activities
is perplexed by life's propensity to proliferate a preponderance of peregrinations predominantly paradoxical in temporal positioning: it's parlously prohibitive!!!
"is \partly cloudy\"" supposed to be slightly cloudier than \""partly sunny\""? or is that just weather people trying to make us have a darker outlook on the day?"""
leaving on choir tour! back on the 27th 
"may day, may day!!! my motivation to do homework is completely lacking! oh, and also, it is may day "
suggests that you attend the choir concert today at our redeemer lutheran church either at 4 smile 0pm or 7 smile 0pm 
has <propfirst> his last college chior concert  it was fun 
is reminding himself of all the fun times that his procrastination gave him to counteract the suffering 
"is going to be done with school soon; excited to do real work and get away from this ugly place, but will miss it all the same "
"woooooooohoooo!!! last project = done, and no tests!"
feels like a superhero 
"hopes you have a great sleep, but an even better awakening "
cut his finger with a knife for the first time ever(not counting juggling) 
"is walking for graduation tomorrow, but doesn't even know if he passed the one class he had    kind of all hinges on the final project  \\i couldn't imagine that i did poorly, but something seems off about the order of this    "
"is in the full swing of moving, so no more computering for a few days  sad "
is working in the real world!!!
it is so early right now    what is going on?!?
rl is ftw     now time to start up my mmorpg of choice again 
"o my mind, be thou 'ware of this: paralysis by analysis "
"remembers why he has remained faithfully attached to d&d despite the ridiculously long drought  thank you, <propfirst>!"
"is enjoying e playful eriencing a hypothetical world through the eyes of \all's fair for all's welfare\"""""
"happy 8 9 10, everyone!!!"
"made it into the gregorian singers!\\i was like, \audition powers"," i choose you!\""\"38fb3486433 laugh 65aa69e197c80493667,"had a great time at the ren fest with everyone, thanks for coming!"
"does anyone know who currently has my i o textbook?! it's being used so much i'm thinking of calling it smurfette, and i no longer have any idea where it is   "
"except when used in hypothetical constructs, absolutes are always the <propfirst> of ignorance "
good advice is advice you wish you'd had before you'd heard it 
\here i am with spellings three,\38fb3486433 laugh 65aa69e197c80493667,"what two things can't be had for dinner, but without them you'd be much thinner?"
"thanks guys, had a great one!"
frustratedly trying to delete unwanted apps  foiled by fb again 
2 days until the phr test blows me out of the proverbial water 
sigh of real relief  googly eyes of surprise  thanking lady luck 
"sleep flies on temptress' wings, taunting;\mind dwells on memories' dreams, haunting  \awake! covers' warm embrace are shackles falling;\away! the dark unknown is my name calling "
"i took the ad&d stats quiz and got these stats annoyed   str:13\  int:17\  wis:14\  dex:17\  con:14\  chr:18\take the quiz yourself at http annoyed  www kevinhaw com add_quiz php"
