1391be41d22bd7d81b64c5ce3b744bb7
"\how easy it is for the proper false in women's waxen hearts to set their forms\"" -shakespeare's \""twelfth night\"" 2 2 20-21"""
no school and five days off work in a row   what am i going to do with myself?  i hate standing still   
so glad i'm not working today and tomorrow   yesterday was hardcore!
"\calling an illegal alien an \""undocumented immigrant\"" is like calling a drug dealer an \""unlicensed pharmacist\""\"""""
mmmm    homemade chocolate-covered strawberries  laugh 
"work was, shall we say, interesting?   "
off to church and to the eye doctor   let's see how much worse my eyesight got  smile 
"is excited to read her new book \the physick book of deliverance dane\""   it sounds really good!"""
"really enjoyed the book \the physick book of deliverance dane\""   any thoughts from other readers?"""
so sad that it seems i can't nominate my car for 'pimp my ride'     sad 
"today is my male dog's birthday! happy 8th birthday, piccolo!"
"watching the movie elektra, eating beef stroganoff and drinking southern comfort  it's a good day"
oy
mmm   icecream sandwiches  smile 
stupid squirrels ate my sugar snap peas!!! too late to replant  sad 
has a day off work after working 7 days in a row  smile 
listening to some pretty amazing violin solos!!  smile 
feeling good after work!  smile 
what happened on powell to cause me to have to take the longest detour home ever?
"is waking up at 330 am to drive people to and from the hospital, salem oregon, doctor and hospital again"
"mom is out of surgery   still at the hospital   got 1 hour of sleep, stayed at the hospital with her for 10 hours, came back to get my sis and grandma, drama, no food, long day   "
went to <propmale>'s wedding yesterday   beautiful wedding   i caught the bouquet!!   although my tire shredded while i was on the highway this morning  sad 
just found out i have ac   good to find out after the heatwave  sad 
is officially even more depressed then before
is feeling better  smile 
off to my bio feedback appointment  smile 
"if it's not on google, amazon or wikipedia it doesn't exist"
"lemons, melons and pears   oh my!"
"i'm going to find whomever is running the website broadwayabridged com and posted the \script\"" for wicked and shoot in the foot!"""
had fun after work!
4 weeks and 0 days until my 22nd birthday!
off to start the day   stupid phone  sad 
happy days  smile 
i'm most ready for a new phone  
still in desperate need of a new phone  sad 
is playing in the computer lab while waiting to talk to an advisor   hate psu!
good times   
i hate spiders!!!!!
"but now, there's no where to hide, since ya pushed my love aside   i'm out of my head, hopelessly devoted to you   hopelessly devoted to you"
my phone has been officially lost since 10 o'clock this morning     sad    i will not survive!!!
my mom totally jacked my phone yesterday and gave me an iphone for my birthday!! yayay!!
trying to catalogue my entire book collection onto my iphone   haha   i'll be done next christmas!
is actually excited for school to start  smile 
so i hit my head on a door frame at work   how do i manage to do these things?
my head still hurts really horribly from work yesterday   at least i don't have to work again until friday
so no bleeding in the brain but the doctor went on and on about my enlarged lateral ventricals (something i had already discussed with a neurosurgeon about brain surgery for)   why do doctors keep giving me narcotics?
i just got 100% on my psychology quiz online   i have no idea how i did that   
oy
i hate cold   my nose will be permanently red and stuffed for the next 6 months
"so pretty sure i got a solid b on my a&p of speech and swallowing class even though, after an all-nighter, i did not feel prepared"
"lovely (i'm being sarcastic, of course)"
need to do yoga   much tenseness in my muscles (
get to sing at area recital tomorrow   hope all the peeps like sweeney <propmale>
great setup   horrible follow-thru
can't stop singing songs from the <propfemale> widow
sick of being sick   tonifying to get healthy  smile 
my feet are officially dead and bleeding   never should have worn those shoes  sad 
"i'm using hsp to see your hef   well, not yet  smile "
yay! things are lookin' up  smile 
choir concert  check  perform at area recital and audition for <propfemale> widow   eech
"ah, sleep, where have you gone?"
"tomorrow's the day   first singing at area recital, then <propfemale> widow auditions   voice hold out until then, please?"
yumminess no rules burger stacked half a mile high   oh ya
all i want is a massage and a nap!
tear*
gonna make watermelon margaritas and play ninento wii with my mom   
"today my fitness age for wii is 69 years old   but i beat my mom at tennis, bowling and boxing so far  smile "
ready for a break   4 day weekend next week!!
stupid psu   let me register for the classes i want at the times i want or else!! and stop wait-listing me!
much better now
is excited for tonight  smile 
"oops!!  overslept and missed my first class, choir   not going to school today i guess"
"happy thanksgiving, yo!!"
off to work
trying to find a cocktail shot that's tastes like a red <propfemale> cupcake   ideas?
so apparently the cops can't do anything if someone's stalking you   lovely
come see psu women's chorus perform tiday at 8 pm at 1st congregational church downtown at broadway and <propfemale> (sane side as the schnitzer); i'll be playing finger cymbals and singing crazy high notes  smile 
one more day in portland and tomorrow i'm gone   i'll miss you!
"forgot to take some pain medication during the flight last night and now my left ear is super messed up   can barely hear, it hurts and it feels like it's full of water"
gonna pick up a couple books at b&n then off to work
"\what a crazy random happenstance\"""""
<propfemale> christmas!!!
day 4 of playing wii fit   missed day 2 and it asked me why i was too busy to exercise   ?!
yay! news years eve   and still single   meh
happy new year!!
just watched men in black   crazy giant cockroach!
mmm   cookies
"\a paradox a paradox a most ingenious paradox  ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha a paradox\"""""
red white; black polka-dots
"thanks to the power of <propfemale>, the grease stain on my shirt is no more   becca 1, drawn butter 0, i win"
"so while everyone else is going to get drunk and have a good time, i had to work open to close then went straight home after work   sad   but at least i won a nice chunk of change in visa gift cards  smile "
is listening to singing along with 'hypnotize' by system of a down over and over again while playing rock band on my iphone
"hates when people make up stuff and say you said it to cause drama   whoever it was, i'm gonna find you and punch you in the face"
installing finale while watching x-men origins: wolverine
hate to say 'i told you so' but   
my glasses came in!!! yayayay!! not only are the frames cute but they're my actual prescription so i don't have squint when wearing glasses anymore (i'm so blind)
meh   life
grr at being sick   i need some jamba juice   jamba fixes everything!!
"just watched \p s  i love you\""   supposedly a comedy but i cried during the entire movie"""
going downtown   getting some sort of smoothie  then off to work
"change of plans   car is having a heart attack so after a quick stop at albertsons for odwalla, gonna take the bus to  work"
hopefully my car will be fixed tomorrow  yayay
my car   she lives!!
not looking forward to this weekend
totally missed the fact that yesterday was mardi gras   
"beautiful day!! church was my only event of the day & now for an \avatar: the last airbender\"" marathon   again     smile """
just saw my dad on youtube playing violin   strange
ah to be a woman   
nothing terribly interesting to report   just a horrid migraine
next tuesday   
"ok i admit i'm a bitch   unfortunately most  women won't repost this  i make mistakes, i am out of  control and at  times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my  worst then you  sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a  bitch then post  this on your status  i dare you"
"my car's alive!!!! the battery works, antenna motor stopped running, radio works, tires filled with air & compartment of wires above the peddles is once more enclosed   yayayayayay!!"
final battle with psu   (p s  if you gave me a refund that means you owed me money   how do i suddenly owe you money?)
"crazy woman, why don't you listen?"
"enchanted? ha-ha ha-ha! who said anything about the castle being  enchanted? ha-ha-ha    it was you, wasn't it?"
"it's not right for a woman to read  soon she starts getting *ideas*, and  *thinking*   "
"watchin' \the blindside\"" before work   """
i love love love <propmale> jackman's opening number at the oscars   i can't stop watching it
nobody puts baby in a corner   fml!!
happy easter! hristos a inviat!!
watch the link i uploaded for the nostalgia critic   it says blip tv
going to cut my hair   finally (only about 6 inches off the bottom maybe but lots of layers and maybe more dramatic bangs   idk)
at the doctor   meh
gonna pamper myself then make frosted sugar cookies  smile 
don't take sleeping pills   they make you feel groggy and hungover
at <propmale> center with my sis   
"*with cockney accent* \anybody want a meat pie?\"""""
bring a reusable travel mug to starbucks tomorrow and get free coffee!!
fail   darn you hawthorne <propfirst> meyer for not having what i want
"just <propmale> out with <propfemale> on hawthorne   too many cool shops, not enough time and money  "
? don't forget!! free coffee at starbucks today if you bring in a reusable travel mug!!!! ?
got home from work & was greeted by a raccoon   what?!
fail   
filing for unemployment   
just walked 5 <propmale> in a little over an hour   woot!
just took a long walk (had to work off those chocolate-covered strawberries i ate) ^^*
my first-aid cpr certification class is tonight  
"taking my dogs to petsmart for a quick nail grind, detor to pick up something for the march of dimes tomorrow then home to cook dinner"
march of dimes is today! awake too early   ugh
off to church then to tin tin's oriental buffet
not up to much   working for my uncle for the time being  hopefully gonna make chili tomorrow  smile 
"ah, wii, how i hate you   soreness"
does it hurt worse if you sprain your toe or break your toe   i've been limping a couple of days & i don't know what i did   
so i guess i broke my toe   but i have no idea how   hmm
working at my uncle's   gonna make a healing tonic for my cough   then off to spaghetti factory  smile 
going to ccc summer term   gonna get my cna-1 certification before starting my graduate work
i'm used to ordering whiskey & i just got a peach belini   weird
"have to play \ave maria\"" on the violin for my uncle   probably should practice since i haven't played in quite a while"""
feel so drained and sick   and have the walk for breast cancer bright and early tomorrow morning   
"just had a male high school cheerleader yell at me \save some boobies\""   boys & walks for breast cancer don't mix"""
"darn you, lid to the soup pot, for burning my arm   agh!"
listening to an audio cassette mix of music from 5th grade   mr  demichele was the best teacher ever!!
just made funnel cakes   waaayy too big and waaayyy too sweet   ugh
"as of today there is a new privacy settingon\ facebook called \instant personalization \"" it allows facebook to sharedata\",1391be41d22bd7d81b64c5ce3b744bb7,my computer won't turn on   lovely   & i'm trying to research the medical assistant program at a few different schools
"i'm sick, dory is sick, my computer is sick   ugh"
"\it is better to drink wine & talk stupid than to drink water & be full of shit\"""""
"just made dinner   pan-fried chicken, green bean casserole, whipped potatoes, biscuits   gonna make frosted sugar cookies   yum!"
i'm so tired of these people that try to get you to sign stuff   some guy trying to get money for parks & i'm thinking how about money for homeless people or schools or single parents or abused animals or medical marijuana   then we'll talk about parks
day 1 of exercising at the gym complete   ugh
"going to see \stars on ice\""   """
day 3 of exercising (officially day 2; i skipped yesterday)
cletite anyone?
ahhhh!!! crunch time   
"just made pork (seared both sides in butter & <propfemale> oil, then covered the top with prego & slowly cooked the inside), spinach & cheesy roasted potatoes   mmmm  smile "
you know how dogs stick their butt in the air & bark at other dogs or people when they want to play? my dog just did that to a pair of garaffe-printed high heels   poor girl is losing her sight in her old age   
making casserole & chocolate cake  smile  sooo hungry!
back to the chiropractor i go   stupid idiots who can't drive!
first day of school   yay
just left the chiropractor   i feel like a new woman!! i have the most amazing chiropractor on the planet (if anyone needs a chiropractor i can hook you up!!)
"\the last airbender\"" premiers this thursday!!!!!!!!"""
going to <propfemale> garden with my mom & sis
"happy belated 8th birthday to my male dog, piccolo   we are celebrating with a nail trim, ear cleaning, teeth brushing, bath & homemade dog biscuits"
got a manicure yesterday   the nail polish chipped on two fingers already  sad 
on the way to the <propfirst> county fair   
i just kidnapped my grandma    hehe
just gave an informative speech on acupuncture in my speech class   so happy to be done with that (not a speech kinda gal)
i have the weirdest dreams   
5 colleges for grad school are considered (the only schools in the us that have this program) and 4 fall leaving ncnm (national college of natural medicine) the champion!
giving my final speech in speech class today   a persuasive speech    on natural alternative medicine
"just made dinner   pulled pork with a fabulous sauce, spaghetti & feta cheese, steamed broccoli & cauliflower with a bit o' butter & sliced bread   mmm"
can't stop listening to the fuga from bach's violin sonata no 1 in g minor   over & over
happy friday the 13th!
made potato stew & triple layer <propfirst> heavenly angel food cake  smile 
i put on fake nails in an effort to stop biting my nails and   well   i bit through the fake nails   fail   shows you can't solve a problem by covering it up   lesson of the day
the e playful loration day at ncnm yesterday rocked!!
"sometimes i forget that, in order for the microwave you work, you have to actually press start when you put something in it"
my sister just went to the hospital   
just made chocolate chip cookies   yum!
i made apple tarts & my sister thought they were twice-baked potatoes   thanks
one of dog's front legs is swollen  sad 
just cleaned our carpet & rugs   they're crazy clean!
exactly one week until my birthday!!
"\in my field of paper flowers and <propfemale> clouds of lullaby i lie inside myself for hours and watch my purple sky fly over me\"""""
just made cheesy cauliflower soup   so yummy!!
my computer is fixed   yayay!! picking it up tomorrow  smile 
been sick the past few days  sad 
on psu   why must you make everything so complicated?
just got a job for this week!! super stoked  smile 
first day on the job   had a great time! was even asked to come back part of next week too  smile 
tgif! woke up a little late today but still getting to work on time   i think
my poor puppy has to go to the doctor to have a whole bunch of tests  sad 
doing acupuncture today    definitely need it!! totally stoked  smile 
stupid headphones for iphone broke   had a mic & volume & everything   grr
another day another carrot   glad to be working
stuck on the max   can't go anywhere until the president lands   grr
bah! trying to get all seasons of criminal minds on dvd for reasons two-fold   i'm in love with that show & <propfirst> gray gubler is my current celeb crush   & every place i've checked only sells it online   stupid shipping fees!!
tgif   it's been a rough day   hopefully the weekend will be better
"it's the dumbest thing i've ever seen   bristol is not good enough to still be on dancing with the stars   alaska, quit voting for her!!!!"
had a really great idea for a commercial for microcurrent treatment during acupuncture (looks like mini jumper cables that attach to the needles)   having trouble getting started in the morning?  playful 
"i say, if all the world's a stage, let's make the show a musical  wink "
can't   move   my   arm
got the brakes on my car fixed   yay! that was scary!!
yay! <propfemale> went home! she was pissing me off   next week is the dancing with the stars finale   everybody vote for <propfemale> & <propmale>!!!!
"my neti pot just crashed to pieces   if that's how today is gonna be, i'm going back to bed"
"season finale of dancing with the stars tonight   i maxed out all my votes (text, phone & online) for <propfemale> & <propmale>!!!"
well that sucks
"my phone mostly works now (aside from my ringtone, which works, my speakers won't play   but the sound still works through the headphones)"
happy ziua de mos nikolai!
what a great start to the day *note sarcasm*
tgif!!  company christmas bash tonight  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! &hearts; &hearts; &hearts;
left work early to go to urgent care   so sick!  sad 
"still sick with no voice   missed 3 days of work   listening to apocalyptica while loading cds on my computer then gonna watch \day after tomorrow\"""""
not feeling 100% better but it's time to get my butt back to work
delayed b c there was a bomb threat so the <propmale> isn't running   bah
haha! it's actually snowing  smile 
"happy birthday, <propmale> <propfirst> poe!!"
ugh   monday
a woman i was talking to at church asked me if i was in youth group    nope i'm 23
"the most beautiful, large, <propfemale> <propfemale> outside  smile "
just watches the newest karate kid movie
ugh   it's monday again
the steel bridge isn't locking properly so i'm stuck on the <propmale> & i'm definitely going to late to work  annoyed 
"*sings from the movie white christmas*  snow, snow, snow, snow, snow *ends song*"
happy birthday to my little sister who turns 22 today!!
yay! i got a cord that works (free under warrantee) so i can actually charge my laptop  smile 
goodbye hair   you have served me well!
top o' the mornin to ya all & a very happy st  paddy's day!!
r i p  <propfemale> taylor   you will be missed  sad 
off to the beach  smile 
the beach was awesome! got home yesterday & it's back to work tomorrow
starting to get sick  sad  (i guess too little sleep and too much cold water air at the beach)
going home early from work due to sickness   sucky
still sick   
just watched dirty dancing havana nights with my sis (was supposed to be at a barbecue but whatev)
i have a very whistle-y cough   lovely
happy friday!! &hearts; &hearts; &hearts;
gonna sleep with a shotgun & one eye open   
my calves are on fire! i spent the whole weekend going up & down stairs moving furniture  sad 
"so, i guess i'm a blogger now   i started a blog about natural medicine   are there any particular topics within holistic health that people want to see? any questions answered?"
"if you love me, comment on this status  if you think i'm a good friend, like this status  if you hate me, message me and tell me why  if you ever had a crush on me or do, be honest, poke me  if you're not scared, make this your status!"
sick   staying home from work  sad 
tgif!! gonna spend the weekend cleaning and moving furniture and blogging
just saw 'hop' with my mom & sister and the stupid kids behind us were kicking us & screaming the whole time
slept a total of one hour   need   coffee
pesach same'ach   happy passover!
tgif! family flys in today for easter  smile 
happy easter    hristos a inviat!
sooo ready for a nap but have to work  sad 
want to go home and make food   roasted potatoes? smoked salmon and cheese omelette? chocolate guinness cupcakes with cream cheese frosting? fudge? ziua si noapte? or all of the above  smile 
tgif! just had a going away party for one of our attorneys   very sad
doing tolhe march of dimes 10k walk   starts in 20 minutes!
went to omsi today with bob   had a blast!
