70e9e8ac0e712e0f5855f137d127c072
"fun fact of the day: critically acclaimed teen hip band thing paramore has done a cover of u2's \sunday bloody sunday\""  i have lost all respect for them """
"one more week, everybody  then we all get to turn our brains off for the summer  wouldnt want to overuse them, oh no"
"woooo  all we have to do is a dance, canobie and half day thing  then summer woooo"
3 more dayyys  then 7 more after that until camp  then another month until school  at least these last few days hope to be fun 
"blechhh  dance later, apparently now dubbed a semiformal  wearing dressier stuff,  and a cool tie"
"dance        boring  canobie     off  coco keys, on  wee?"
"school's out, scream and shout! (not really, and definitely dont sing)"
on quotationspage com looking up how many different people can call people stupid
just got up  i am a disgrace to all morning people alive
"go <propfirst> <propmale>!!!!! in other news, camp tomorrow, so il not see many people for a while"
"and with that, its time for camp again  i will not be with you all for quite some time  i had better not have 99 notifications when i get back  ok, bye byesies"
is back  from camp  'twas fun  writing new note now 
"new note read comment  see, that seems straightforward enough, right?"
gaaaaaaaar read my note gaaaaar        (pweeeease?)
nooooooooote (ill stop when someone does something about it)
"summer is, once again, wasting away while all us good-natured folks sit here  and go on facebook  and not do anything else  problem? i  think  not "
"new game, playing that, then what? more boredom? yep"
watching the meteor shower 2nite       anyone else?
"back from a fun day at water country with my mom, my sis, and three of her friends "
"another day, another time watching my sis with her friends, another day wasting my time away on the computer, and another day of not having a life  of course, this all changes slightly with the concept of high school, making us have less free time  which, for some, is good "
can anyone who just got back from camp tell me the banquet theme?
"wow                            there goes summer  few more days, then to summer institute (nfty thing), then high school wooooooo"
"sleepover tonite, then something tomorrow, then summer institute, then high school  (yes, be excited     now)"
"is going off to institute soon  be back sunday, for going to school on tuesday  tuesday"
"got back from institute yesterday, last day of summer today  mother appears adamant on doing something outside "
"last night till school for most of us and, shocker, we're on facebook  (including me)"
back from school and all i have to say is: my back strength will increase e playful onentially on account of about 30 #@$&*! pounds on my back
"english (pirate) is soooooooo funny! go to settings, and find out for yourself "
ughhhhhhhh  i hate writing on the first day back! i'm so out of practice aaaaaaaaaaah
so far this is the oldest i've ever been 
has finally figured out what he wants for his birthday      a laptop!
"yes, i'm going to the dance  no, i'm not staying till 11, thank you very much"
"is finding it very hard to concentrate on this bloody powerpoint i gotta do for bloody english and i'm, waiting for some bloody emails so i can bloody start, and yes, i bloody like the word bloody"
aaaaaaaaand      always look on the briiight side of life! *whistle*
"i must say, the stand by <propfirst> <propmale> is one of the best books i have ever read and i'm not even done  if you don't agree, then go drink paint and retard yourself to death  and if you haven't read it for fear of being bludgeoned to death, then why are you still here?"
chats all screwed uppppp
does anyone know what time people have to be at the speech and debate meeting tonight?
"just got back from speech and debate team meeting  it's pretty cool, and <propfemale>, your brother is very weird"
"is very happy there is no school tomorrow for me, and there is for my sis  mock mock mock"
just got back from hiking wachusett  with the outing club  it was fun and i am ready to pass out       0( *sad cyclops*
"hope everyone's having fun on this lovely rosh hashana morning, getting up, having breakfast, not having to do any homework       cause i sure am"
is actually in the mood to start watching glee on hulu or something  am i giving over to the dark side or soemthing? the same place guys are when they read the twilight series just to impress a girl or something? (what? irony? where?)
"about to go up to nh to visit my cousins  'twill be a party, lit'rally, on account of it bein me coosin's boythday"
"doin homework (or at least supposed to be doing) and watching house, heroes, castle, and whatever else is on when im done"
"bed, reading the stand, almost done, wednesday tomorrow, almost there"
"is amazed how many people can be this awake to be posting this much on facebook at 6 smile 0 in the morning  (excluding me, of course, but i am a morning person)"
"chat wont let me talk tto anyone, sorry whoevers having conversations with me"
"spent an hour last night playing with legos, and it was awesome"
well a woman needs a man    like a fish needs a bicycle (woo u2)
good news? no school  bad news? no school  other bad news? i cant eat today
"never went to school today  i am hungry  i have to make up gym wednesday, i need to make up work  i never want to not go to school again "
"feels gloriously full after 8 bagels slices, 4 with lox and red onions, and 4 with peanut butter  food is good"
does anyone know the wa gym makeup policy?
happy happy happy school day to youuuuuuuuuuuuu
"is now going to focus on a  doing homework, and b  because i'm in such an enlightened mood, writing a note"
"i get knocked down, but i get up again, you never gonna keep me down, (great name too, tubthumping)"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=t5stbrs4fhq
"facebook is being very odd today  it wont let me see any actual posts, just ones from yesterday"
officially switched from ie to firefox  best  decision  ever 
"is currently attempting to write a speech for the debate tournament on saturday, so please go away "
"is very glad that there is a long weekend, or else i would be late for school"
"now has a profile pic at the s&d tourney too  looking very weird in a suit, i might add"
"i guess its snowing or something outside  i personally am too lazy to look in pitch black darkness, bur i'll find out when i have to walk through it i guess"
gett'n a haircut
about to leave for <propmale> leap  i get home at midnight  then i sleep  i am thankful i dont have to do anything tomorrow
"nice weekend overall  got a haircut, went to a dance, found out it's snowing, and got to find out about relationship drama to laugh at next week  nice weekend, i'd say"
new note just out  please be nice 
"working on history essay, and procrastinating  so now i'm going to try and sell my note again, in case nobody heard me the first time  so here: http annoyed  www facebook com home php# note php?note_id=156416731659&comments for the love of god please comment on it to feed my deprived ego  it likes food "
"a  new profile pic  b  getting up at 3 tomorrow morning for a 6 o'clock flight, getting back on monday  back to school tuesday  probably won't be on very much until then  peace "
"after staying in a hotel by the sea for a few days, you get very, very, very good at skipping stones"
"is not looking forward to to going to school tomorrow  i am back from the other side of the country, though  that's a plus, right?"
"not to be too negative, but is there any relationship still together from the eighth grade? it sure doesnt seem like it  not to be too negative, i say "
"it seems life something drastic has happened to the town of westford, massachussetts  everyone  is  sick  with                  "
"chicago tech meeting, then off to vose hill for dinner, trick or treating, and bonfire  what is this \free time\"" of which you speak?"""
officially has too much <propfemale> and too much sugar in his system  not  good  for sleeping 
has absolutely no poetic drive right now
just wrote 55 lines of limerick  is now wasting time doing silly interviews  soon it will be time to write a one-page e playful lanation of what i did  fun? what is this word of which you speak?
its dark  its 5 o-clock  do you think its fall yet?
"well, its production week for chicago, so 'll be staying at the school till 10 every night  and it happens to be my birthday tomorrow "
"and now it is my birthday  and i still have to stay at the school till 10, so all you notification faeries out there                     begin **opens flood gates**"
everyone should go see chicago sometime this weekend and or next thursday friday  would it help it i said please?
it's the end of the world as we know it       and i feel fine *music note thingie*
still doesnt have a dislike button      
got back from nfty conclavette few hours ago  one of the best weekends i've had so far in my life  even if i can agree that nfty is a cult 
life only deals you the cards  you're the one who has to play them out 
"'tis thursday out of friday, then 2 5 days next week  so personally, i can't wait for vacation  howabout you?"
is extremely happy with his new laptop that was supposed to ship tomorrow  no complaints here 
getting skype on this very nice new laptop of mine  usernames?
night hike last night  very tired  have to set up for parents party  doesnt want to walk  hurts to walk  hard to form coherent thought  ow 
"you can live in the moment, and thats perfectly fine  or you could have a plan b, whatever works best for you "
"you shouldnt worry about arguing with yourself, happens all the time  if you lose, however            "
"is making a greek helmet out of <propmale>  very messy, and probably will break if someone tries it on "
does anyone in the current black box show know when the next rehearsal is so i can volunteer for tech? (if theres anyone in the current black box show here)
"is currently home with a 101 4 fever, bodyaches, headaches, tiredness, and chills  please do not e playful ect me to do any work or such things for at least a few days  kthx"
"i hate being sick  officially  speaking of which, can people in my classes tell me what i missed?"
"finally hunkering down and listening to radiolab, suggested by our very own sangeetha sankaran"
"heres something i've been thinking over for a while, this idea  the world is a subjective place, its only right or wrong if you think its right or wrong, it could be none or both  its all about the perspective  tell me what you think  estranged relatives have free reign too "
"its all snowy and stuff  oh yea, random message of the day: life wouldn't be life if it was fair  snoooooooooooooow!"
pandora com = awesome
i used to think caffeine had no effect on me  then i had monster  i will be lucky if i sleep tonight 
"hanging out in burlington, vt with family exchanging presents and having a generally good time"
"just a few more days left, then we can all pretend we're crazy and not remember we have brains  oh yea and we can get presents "
"just surpassed everyone in tetris, even those who have absurdly large scores, now i have an even more absurdly large one  so ha"
i am shocked  most of the people on right now are jews  who would have guessed?
"is in the mood for a debate  unlike most animals, humans do not come with any genetic instructions for how to live life, they <propfemale> everything from others and their e playful erience  is this a good thing or bad? (i can see a case for both, but i want to know what you think)"
"back from nfty (cult) december institute  had a bunch-o fun  now back to tetris, because a certain <propfirst> champine is still beating me somehow  grr "
"1 1 11  a brand new year  let's see what will happen this time around, in 2011"
"got a quote for you, too bad its too long  lets try a comment "
"\inconceivable!\""  \""i do not think that word means what you think it means     \"""""
and yet another day spent being lazy and sleeping  what a glorious thing life is 
*insert meaningful song lyric here*
"almost ready to go ski tripping  then, on mlk day i get to do homework  yay?"
just ran out of time to listen to pandora  a little part of me just died
"oh well, there goes healthcare          i can see it whoosh by our heads as we speak                   "
"instead of studying for midterms, cause i already did that, i'm gonna keep writing a note of my design  bye bye "
is done  (http annoyed  www facebook com notes nick-calow to-be-and-not-to-be-the-question-of-hypocricy 263364136659)
"if everyone cared, and nobody cried, if everyone loved, and nobody lied, if everyone shared, and swallowed their pride, then we'd see the day when nobody died"
long weekends are fun  especially if they include 2 new games and nothing else to do
"does anybody have a spotify account? apparently an invitation is needed to join, and i would like to "
"cant wait for the week to be done, and the one after that, too  why? february just started, and i want vacation already "
"its at times like this when you realize the sanctity of life, and the inevitability of death, though for some it may come faster than others  rest in peace, <propfemale> marchand "
why cant wee be friends? why cant we be friends? why cant we be friends? why cant we <propfemale> friiends?
"'tis thursday  why cant this be next week? oh yes, so i can get my report card, i forgot "
"ok internet  i know we have our differences, but i'm in a bad mood  amuse me "
"why yes, i am indeed giving in to peer pressure  lets see what comes of it  http annoyed  www formspring me thatcamelguy"
go colts!
"i refreshed the <propfemale>, and everything changed ahhhhhhh  its quite an interesting new setup, which everyone will hate as inevitable as the bloody tides and then hate the next change too just cause "
thoroughly enjoyed learning how to fence with my <propmale> anastasha echavarri and her dad 
"weird fact of the day  <propfirst> cash, renowned country singer-thing did a cover of u2's  \one\""  its not bad"""
has become slightly bored with analytical writings  i think my next foray into the written world shall be creative writing  work? not work? fear for my life?
"will have a very happy single's awareness day  its in the title  i'm single, and very aware about life, so why not be happy?"
"finished with <propfirst> <propmale>'s the dark tower, book 2  next"
"after my latest foray into salem, <propfemale>, i come home with comics and a new profile pic  thoughts?"
"took one of those internet alignment tests for fun  apparently, i'm chaotic neutral  yay "
"if you can dodge the draft, you can dodge a ball!"
"dear <propfirst> kowalczik, <propfemale> zhao, sangeetha sankaran, and <propfirst> cummings, i now officially feel sick from eating all those skittles off the ground  you may commence in the mockery now, if you so <propfemale> "
back from <propfemale> purim carnival  got pied with shaving cream  a lot  pics up soon 
picture of my pie-tastic e playful erience is now up for all to see  and laugh hysterically at 
"feels very silly right now  reason? i thought the second to last class of the day was the last class of the day, and i went to the library and did homework instead of going to health  proceed to mocking "
"had some fun watching <propfemale> in wonderland  favorite character: chesher cat, voiced by <propfirst> fry  omnipotence has never been that awesome "
just realized i published a note without any other notice  this one's about knowledge  enjoy: http annoyed  www facebook com notes nick-calow scientia-potentia-est 376766666659
"better be going to school tomorrow  if not, then no nfty for me  thus worsening my already foul mood  go ahead, fate  try me "
fate tried  i lost  conclavette and school go bye bye  unhappy face 
"happy pi sunday, everyone  makeup work time "
"you can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose  but you cannot pick your friend's nose  believe me, i've tried "
"if you can only believe what you see, are the blind faithless?"
"all this good season in the air has gotten me into a productive mood  too bad facebook, in all it's wonderful <propfemale>, saps it right out of me  thanks, dear website "
"had a very nice walk today  it helps when the neighborhood you're in is so darn peaceful and nice looking  oh and the weather was nice, too "
i just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by threatening my agent with a golf club 
"of all the things to be wasting time on, learning how to toss uno cards across the room is by far one of the coolest  the sad part is that i'm getting quite good at it "
"cant really think of anything to say right now, barring a silly <propmale> python quote or a recollection of my boring life  what is it with this time of year that just saps away all of our energy?"
"rehearsal was fun as usual  can't wait for the shows this wed  and thurs  at 3 and 7  you know, hint hint and all "
"hi ho, hi ho  off to seder we go       "
"first time on a scooter in a while  it felt nice to be out on such a warm day  although next time i ride, no sweatshirt!"
happy easter everyone  be sure to be on the watch for any zombie jesuses(jesi?) that pop up now and then 
ok  it's time enough  time to hunker down and write some original thought before it all stagnates  let's see where this one will go 
this is the part in the writing process where i leave it the heck alone and go outside or something for an hour 
"had a touching reunion with my old pal tetris friends, and set a new personal record  sadly, i am still unable to match the obscenely high score set by <propfirst> champine all those months ago    "
"is off to see how to train your dragon for 11:40  hopefully, that silly movie will dredge me out of this icky mood "
"about this time last year, waaaaaay back when in 8th grade, i was on a bus with the rest of my class off to d c  my, how things have changed since then     "
is off to montreal in the am tomorrow  get back on tuesday  then let the lazy vacation begin!
"is now in montreal, and out to dinner later with grandparents "
just spent the last 2 or 3 hours disassembling a 50-year-old microfilm reader in my grandparent's basement  who knew taking things apart could be so much fun?
big day ahead of me  off to downtown montreal for some shopping with mother and sister  will be taking buses and metros all the way there  oh and walking  feet will hurt by the end of this  a lot 
"on the road, stopping for lunch at the vt welcome center  sapping wifi  i love my laptop "
happy earth day  what better way to celebrate than to sit in front of a computer all day? its helping the environment! (by not hurting it!)
"got a haircut  it is short  it makes me sad  will grow back, though  sadness over "
"off to the post office to get my passport renewed, then to get a new bbq "
"its been a while, but a new note is up, go read! (cough <propfemale> welch et <propmale>  end cough ) http annoyed  www facebook com notes nick-c<propmale>ow the-interactions-of-the-mind 412713651659"
"has not been on the computer all day until now  it feels kinda refreshing  at least, it does until i remember i just spent it all in my basement with assassin's creed 2 instead  life? what life?"
"is off to walk 20 <propmale> today for the walk for hunger  feet, meet pain "
"crackaboom, its nice to have a thunderstorm finally, after all this just rain we've been having "
"just finished 'salem's lot, by <propfirst> <propmale>  one of the most terrifying books i have ever read  also one of the best "
"really needs to not be on here right now  lovely little english paper hold precedence, i'm afraid  that means me  stop procrastinating goshdarnit!!!"
"as a midsummer night's dream winds it's way to a close, i feel 2 emotions: sorrow that it's over, and relief that my hand survived the process"
does anyone know the bibliographical information for our literature book?
"is on this lovely internet contraption for the first time in a while, but an evening of one act plays was worth it, so there "
house season finale  all i can say is: holy crap
"figured out the latest way people annoy me on facebook: those really really long group pages that could just as easily be just inside of that group, but instead choose to clog up my news feed with their annoying dribble  just goes to show a time-honored phrase: make it idiot-proof, and they'll make a better idiot "
out shopping for lights  watch got fixed  me is happy happy joy joy  oh and apparently a horrendous speller
"world plodding along, as per usual  bumps only part of the ride, but frustrating ones "
"yes, its over  no, i dont want your sympathy  the river of life goes on, and if you stick too much in the past, you'll get swept away   "
"aaaaaaand we're off to the races! only a bit longer now to the big finish, hope all our racers can stay on track, and keep fighting till the end! thats what my teacher would say  i would rather end school now and sleep a bit before i go off to camp and have officially no free time this summer  people always say i'm the subtle one "
"hiked a mountain today  for fun  and indeed it was, quite fun indeed  and it wasnt even as tiring as it was some times, i must be getting used to this  awesome "
"what an interesting an enlightening video, it definitely opened my eyes to the subject  dont believe me? watch: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0&feature=fvst"
"since about everyone and their respective kitchen sinks are doing this, i thought i'd share in the revelry  like this status and i may or may not post something nice and stuff to your wall  who knows? i might just completely ignore the nice part and throw sarcastic dribble on your walls and watch it slide down and hit the floor with a satisfying squelch  but thats for fate (coin flip) to decide "
"unlike the rest of creation, not going to relay for life tonight  i am going to the academy awards tonight, though, that is some cause for excitement"
11:11 pm  everyone make a wish and blow out the candles now  nowait  crap  its 11:12  close enough for government work?
"and with that, it is compleeete  new note out, hope this isnt too subtle of me  then again, i was never the subtle one: http annoyed  www facebook com notes nick-calow the-necessity-of-emotion 427222386659 enjoy"
"in celebration of summer, i am now playing an old yugioh gba game  yus "
"isn't it ironic that the last day of school is the summer solstice? and isn't it hilarious that i'm not around to \enjoy\"" it?"""
"packing for camp, last minute shopping spree, leaving civilization(& facebook) in two days "
"for all you cool people who want to write me letters at camp, here is my camp address\<propmale> calow\bunk 10\camp tevya\1 <propmale> rd\brookline nh\03033"
"ahhhh  home is where the heart is  also, the spleen, liver, kidneys, brain, intestines, skeleton, stomach, and a soul  well, not if you're <propfemale>, that is"
"fun day today  hiked a bit, e playful lored a castle, e playful lored an old gothic cathedral, felt sick to my stomach a few times  and yes, for me, today is over  it is now 8 smile 0 pm  in wales  having the time of my life, as soon as i finish jet lagging, that is "
home sweeeeeeeeet home (again)  this time for a bit longer 
wait      since when is school in 3 days? aaaaaaaaaah
"brb    speed-reading a book i don't want to read(ge)  sorry life, procrastination won this one  maybe next time "
"oh dear bloody lord, it is waaaaaaay too hot out  is it blasphemy to say that i cant wait for that tropical storm to hit us? our good <propmale> <propmale>, bring your friends torrential downpour and holy-crap-i'm being-assaulted-by-water-in-drop-form "
"off to see those lovely cousins o'mine today, and i might just poke bekah diamond-bier a few hundred times to make sure i win that little poke war of ours"
"omg  google  look, a big deal  but seriously, check it out, if 7 other people haven't told you so already  its sick"
"cause: rosh hashana, the jewish new year  effects: no homework due today or tomorrow (you're welcome) aaaaaand the fact that some of us are not at school right now  cue the neener neener neener"
"just finished playing assassins creed 2 for the first time in a while, and i had forgotten how much fun running around a big city, jumping off buildings, and finding random pockets of enemies to ruthlessly slaughter was  cue evil glee"
"new note out, and as per usual structure, i shall post this status so that anyone who sees this will click on the link and go see my latest work  http annoyed  www facebook com note php?saved&&note_id=465371706659#! notes nick-calow the-futility-of-repitition 465371706659"
about halfway through my first viewing of phantom of the opera before i had to stop  few things  1  bloody creepy performance and 2  i cant wait to see wata's version of it
"so after 7 hours of straight halo: reach playing, i looked at my watch  9:55, you say? oopsie  and since there wasnt exactly any parents home, i didnt wonder for very long why i was suddenly extremely hungry  riiiigiht, that dinner thing"
step one: break fast by eating lots of food  step two: feel bloated and comatose until you can move again  oh and theres this homework thing i'm supposed to be doing right now  thats nice 
"a scary thought has just occurred to me  am i really the most culturally knowledgeable person on one side of my family? i barely know these songs, but apparently my darling cousins bekah diamond-bier and <propfemale> karah diamond-bier know less  and i obviously know <propfemale> calow knows less, cause she knows about three songs from this century in this country  that are popular and would be good to dance to  dear me "
for all you sophs out there who have poisson for chem (i know you're out there) what does the project mean when it says e playful erience?
why is there a small constellation growing on my face? gahhhh i hate adolescence
"has been looking through old pictures of me, and wooow, have i changed even in these 2 years  p s  check the oldest pictures of me for me with hair down do like my shoulders, if you dont remember it  i might just try that again   "
only in my <propfemale> would the rabbi bring up <propmale> potter in her sermon on a friday night service 
"as interesting as my life is, (which it isnt) i'm having a bit of trouble with lack of good reading material  any ideas?"
"i like it on my      ohwait  but my sister, she likes it on the floor right next to her computer"
"tly have one of the most confusing pandora playlists ever  or at least confused, i mean, it goes from u2 to <propfirst> cash to <propfirst> mraz to the fray to linkin park to smash mouth to <propfemale> to maroon 5 to three days grace to aaaaaaaagh so awesome"
"of all the days to start being irritatingly cold, why did it have to be the night where i am sitting on bleachers at a wa home game? weather, curse you  time to break out the jackets "
happy <propmale> day everyone  let's all celebrate by breaking into a neighbor's house and declaring it ours!
"first time i'm on my computer the whole day  oh life, why must you be so exciting all at once and then go back to being boring?"
i love my sister so much!
"so yea  long day  phantom's looking really nice though, cant wait to see it in full form  first production november 5th  downside? i turn 16 that day, too "
"school, setbuild, homework, pass out  repeat ad nauseum  welcome to tech week "
"oh shnapp, i almost forgot to make a big deal about the new note that came out of the works  well, here you go: http annoyed  www facebook com notes nick-calow words-the-units-of-meaning 483383466659"
"remember, remember, the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot  i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot  happy guy fawkes day everyone  405 years from today  of course, something else happened 16 years from today, whats that again?"
"thank you for all the birthday wishes, everyone, and to anyone who saw the giant cake after opening night of the phantom of the opera, it was hands-down the best birthday cake ever"
i love my mom!
look  spec ops  over there  away from me  shoo 
just had toast topped with dutch chocolate sprinkles  decadence has never been so good 
has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes 
"so apparently while buying a new projector for us downstairs, my father thought it necessary to buy both mw2 and black ops  guess i get to turn into a cod fan  who knew?"
"trying my darndest to solve a rubick's cube, help via youtube  getting there, bit by bit"
facebook will not help me write this essay  curses  i love procrastination  to pieces  *include aggravated growl for effect*
"the chrome for a cause app is useful for a few reasons: one, it helps people, what with google having some money to burn so what the heck, and two, for letting me know just how many tabs i use in one day, which is quite a lot, actually"
just finished a hearty meal of indian food and am about to watch ponyo in my basement  yay judaism  laugh 
"doctor who christmas special yayyy, after a full day of stuffing myself silly and other such fun"
"first driving lesson today  surprisingly, i didnt crash and burn into a snowbank somewhere "
just found the cat in the hat by dr  seuss in my shelf  in latin  latin moments galore
"no big deal  4-page paper, due tonight at 12  readystartgo"
"aaaaaaaaaaaaand done, finally essay complete"
"woke up, looked out my window, and i couldnt see a darn thing  i love snow days"
"no school, but i already got up, so theres no point in going back to sleep, but what to do   "
2 hour delay weeeeeeee
"found an old cd version of risk in my stack of games and decided to play it  though i should have been studying, the oldie but goodie was just too much fun to put down  there goes a few hours of my life, but i'm not complaining"
"midterms are finally over, after how long from start to finish? all this snow permeating the land is the cause, if only there was a weather machine to make it either colder or warmer, not in the snow range  please "
"fluorine\uranium\carbon\potassium\anyone get it?"
"for once, i have the same illness that my darling sister has, and now we're both home on the same day  weird  happy love and commercialism day, they make a great combo "
"how do you confuse a blonde?\\paint yourself green and throw forks at her "
"performed some minor surgery cutting a small gap in my palm to get out three bloody splinters with tweezers  oh the joys of a wood shop, and everyone's favorite, luan "
happy pi day
"i all of a sudden have a new phone to play with  if you care enough, inbox me or comment or whatever your number so we can alllllllllllll be connected"
hands up if this history essay might not get turned in till 11:57 or so  mostly because you'd rather spend time on here decidedly not writing it
"festival was very fun, glad we won, and glad we're not going on to new englands so i can work on the other two shows i'm doing right now  playful "
do your ears <propfemale> low? do they wobble to and fro? can you tie them in a knot? can you tie them in a bow? can you throw them o'er your shoulder like a continental soldier? do your ears <propfemale> low?
i havent even gotten out of my pajamas and its 4 smile 0  i love vacation
"westford academy theater arts presents blood wedding is coming up tonight  come in and see it with your friends, hopefully those friends are older than 15 thoughh, but go do it"
may the fourth be with you(shamefacedly stolen from the internetz)
"just saw a super strong rainbow on the way home, and then i saw another one right next to it  double rainbow o o"
