e9d16437d9940f76ea548f611882b42f
i demand something new and spurratic happens!
i think 95% of the people one will ever meet are psychopaths 
"ladies and gentlemen, for your safety, please fear into passive beings - funk buddha"
i have a rancid fukin eye infection
im tha mutha fukin <propmale> like edipus
broke my phone in tha rain
the best things in life are the things i kick your ass and take!
die baby! -me you die you die you die! - <propmale>
burning
building
all u kiddes need to come to airicks liberation day thing    i may be reading at it  call airick fo details or me or watev
"sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu, sei shi ich ryu "
pimps dont commit suicide
feels good for some reason!    or non reason       wat tha fuk <propfemale>
i think i got botulism     or a phobia of botulism
sei shi ichi ryo
"our planet is facing the greatest problems its ever faced, ever, so whatever you do don't be bored, this is absolutely the most exciting time we could have possibly hoped to be alive, and things are just starting"
getting the hell out of this hospital
hella tired of stupid and or worthless humans
dropped phone in a drugged stupor last night   and it seems pretty broken  b home 2maro morning
should be able to move around and enjoy life and shit in like     5 days
forgot my phone charger    again       so my phones gunna b off fo a bit  laugh     again
e playful losions and pills
when it rains     it rains acid
was up til 3 am slappin drunk ppl in <propfirst>   fun 
time and time again we fall into the depths of who we are you cant keep runnin away from what your tryin to find
i am going to have a lucid dream within one week
pain and regret induce evolution
forgot how releaving it was to have a social life!
you wont be laughing
is bein hunted by tha grim reaper  laugh      seriously    
dam good night      
bumping new eyedea & abilites    alls im sayin is      spartan artisans
nuthin fucks up your mood like going to first friday instead of an e&a concert    laugh 
is giving tha dog a bath    and bumpin powerman   
fell asleep with the tv on and had a dream that pigeotto killed pikachu
bumppin akir and techniques mix tape!!! effin illmatic orgasmic! then maybe parkour on tha plaza with <propmale> 
school starts soon    i should probably attempt to do some of this ap summer shizz      but im skeptical i will
mmmm     wish i could sleep for like 8 days at a time
chillin wit tha banks bros     tha little skank hoes    
had a good summer    thanks for enjoying the absurd with me     but back to school tomorrow             which means various fights with self righteous teachers  laugh 
in a dream this morning   
it seems people are drowning in a stream of negative energy
"enter the <propfemale> gate initial perception quick as my heart rate this dark fate planet earth orbits one <propfemale> come from a far far away state of mind, open up your third eye black helicopters in the sky"
sublime and 311 are now two of my favorite bands    almost as good as god is an astronaut    now lets go read p&p
picture the world and imagine its yours kid 
lifes a beautiful piece of shit    but then     beauty is in the eye of the beerholder   
have you ever looked through an old note book   found some thing you dont remember writing    and realized it exactly describes recent turns in your life
"is according to a certain individual \only attracted to emotionally abusive bitches with sob stories\"" lmao! im sorry    thats just the quote of the year     sigh     im complete now """
is starving to cruise
"loves jesus, peyote, and the music imma put on this ipod im about to get"
fuck apple!
gold tarnished!!
may be sick     but is making flaun
pimpin out tha ipod wit punk rock and hiphop
some days ya just sigh till ya die
loves <propfemale> west! havent talked to her in forever       laugh 
if you ignore the fact that it sucks    life is good
mmmmmmmmmm                  camus and tolstoy
moster waitin to stomp your face in apon confrentation!!!!
"gods suicide note, abortion and kiterunner are on my mind   and music"
canibus     is a lyrical demiruge
cant stop listening to chronic future    shell shocked!
if some one would be kind enough to call my phone a few times    i havent seen it in a long time and need to make important calls    (913)63 surprise 037
may be going blind or sumthing
listening to hip hop restores eye sight! i sware!
facebook free styles wit <propmale>!!!!
i have been quite prone to hair loss and sickness lately      i dono wats wrong!!!  laugh 
<propfirst>     is an oasis of engagement in kansas    f op  laugh 
love is the most beautiful form of despair
"been hatin you for while, been hating you for a while, been hatin u for a while, im sorry for all of it, im sorry for all of it, im sorry for all of it  laugh "
let there be arson
not enough hours in the day once you look at what school took away
got everything to paint with    but something to raise my canvas  laugh 
ahhh man     listenin to qwel and <propmale> killagain  i love alt  hiphop
is in love right now
the problem of conciousness    drives in your brain like a screw
just successfully downloaded viruses onto his computer!
http annoyed  spreadsheets google com viewform?formkey laugh ev1uld0xzltqvz6cvffwudgsufcamc6ma  
now you got me mo evil killin mo people and feelin mo leathal
was sick again   its all bout that livity an ki an energy  laugh 
"why is it every weekend, you either have absolutely nothing to do, or you have to choose between like 6 different things"
appearantly drawing is a skill you can lose over a few monthes  sad 
dang it     i just wrote an amasing really long flow about religious suicide     but the internet got <propfemale> plugged so when i tried to publish it it got lost      it blew away everything i wrote in a long time       kkkkkaaaaaaa!
"a cold day in hell i feel good, at least as good as real feels if real even feels good"
ok   so i dont hate the beatles anymore   
"<propfemale> in the sky, pj's, horchata and either rumi or tolstoy is wats on my mind!"
dark room  soft bed  massive attack  go!!!
im in love with the people in my life  distant or not
fuck itunes! and fuck government class!
samurai pizza cats hoooooooooooooooo!
made cheesy eggs with avacado and tomato for breakfast! and home made apple juice! no need for concentrate!!!
feet wont stop vibrating in turns       i think some flautas would help this ailment
i live dangerously     runnin with scissors and all that
poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry poet larriete infinity now you now its me
so appearantly you can use ipods to use library computers without logging on
indigo died last night! had that cat my whole life 
eyes burn    hate those days where u gatta read all day   
distresssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
"just had a long conversation with a guy on the side of the road about aliens, bebop, alchohol and spirit god energy      i thought he was gunna stab me lol i  never meet any like    jesus type hobos    alwas either the recluses or the      out there ones"
my snake that i found half dead a bit ago died     and i freestyled at its eulugy yesterday  it was tight
man    i dont even know      i should have wrote those <propmale> papers for unitown     guess ill do it now    
"they say im <propmale> <propmale>, unbreakable die hard!!!!"
fuuukkkk! i need a computer i can do this project on!! due tomorrow!!!
it was so good to catch up with the brethren     and i lost my phone in lees summit     yeah!
knuckles and music go long way
does anyone else feel like a nice relaxing evening of arson?
"now that it has been repetedly pointed out to me that i have become excessively skinny     im goint to return to a diet of parkour, sit ups and swingin swords!!"
"when you dont play by the rules, the day turns black and blue, i guess you got some things to do, ill remember you"
people suck 
free will sucks 
"<propfirst> jones after listening to dance with the devil by immortal technique \i feel bad that im not crying right now\"""""
going to see new <propfemale>!! lol
even my dreams are calling me lazy nowadays  laugh 
"i do what i know is right, you make it so hard to try"
"feel ill     listen to the cranberries, make ramen noodles, lay in bed for the next 6-8 days"
so i broke yet another pair of headphones    im going to cope emotionally by downloading a snes emulator!
"today    i stabbed a 3 year old, and realized, i have lived my last days as a respectable human"
learning drums from 8th graders boosts your self esteem!!!
"my eyes wider than a child that just was born, am i a poet or a prophet or a stone to build upon"
"so    ive been writing poems and songs in my dreams    but i cant recall them     which sucks     how tight would that be though, a whole new genre of lyricism"
watching freakazoid   then going to first friday   
you can hold thorns and grow cold from scorn    or <propfemale> happee!
"if your ever in a bad mood, talk to <propfemale> young!"
another pair of head phones broke!!!!!!!! thats like the 7th pair    
the rumors are true    my knucles are decrept from beating my gay lover  playful 
fffffffffffffffffffffffffrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiieeeeeeeddddddddddddddddddddd
"look inside your self and tell me what you see, if you see a hungry vato then your lookin at me "
its always good to know whose got you
when it all boils down theres nothing but bones left
scratch one ipod     i got a pair of headphones though!
scrach 2 ipods    <propfirst> <propmale> is an idiot 
is about to chug a handle     of choco milk!
"heroine and arson  and hardcore punk  but alas, i have to go do my homework instead  then lay in bed till i pass out "
love the people im your life and you will be in love with life
is this a dream or time travel i ponder on the couch - cage
had the oddest voluteer day   
hates it when a good dream ggoes wrong and your left dead wake
one last <propmale> to turn your rough drafts to sand storms
"sleep  then get the hell out of <propmale> county, thats what i want"
i hate everyone with a pokemon for their picture
one last <propmale> to transform your rough drafts to sand storms
"walks in the snow, its nice to lay lethargic in the cold air "
writing makes you the most non chalant kid in the world    its kinda inconvient
appearantly going to the mall is a required family activity  and actual hollidays dont count twards this holiday family time quota    yes!    
hate is a core emotion
is buying music!!  im proud of my self!
is going to mo     back in a few days  playful 
back in kansas  i dont even know what to make for that
feelin pretty optomised   
"even the sun goes down, heroes eventually die, horoscopes often lie, and some times why, nothing last for eve,r nothing is for certain, but until they close the curtain, its him and i, aquemini"
god is just a child  now cry 
"on an island in the sun, well be playing havin fun"
is puttin in notes with <propfirst>! im musical sukkaz!
"why's the sea blue? why's blood red? look at em like there see through, but theyll look at you like loves dead"
"people in the city get, they treat you like an idiot, try to hate us, try to play us, make it contageous, make it outrageous"
the two hyper nephews are over   
so some how    im in <propfirst> wit tha boyz!
had alot of floor time with some of the most wretched creatures of this planet this weekend!
i hate that if you act based on the assuption that your feelings matter  people will always say you overreact 
"certain lines get stuck in your mind \desperate to be happy but something stalled her heart\"" next will be \""dont know how she made it but shes amazed that she did\"""""
kickin it with the lenexa kids
times are changing
just spent two hours trying to make a effin pot
"bumpin east coast hiphop, goin urbexing, boys are writing love poems, todays gatta be good"
"is gunna go out at 4 am, with one of the coolest guys in kansas, and cause ruckus, for a school assignment!"
kickin it wit malllllllll!!!!
going to see my teacher and <propfemale> <propmale> tomorrow  so yeah  my friday beats yours
"does anyone know how to register a sim, cas i got one, and i got a phone   but it wont work"
i love mr lif
i love akrobatik
your nobody till somebody kills you
were already dead
look into my eyes and see two worlds colliding - mr lif
"wand and magic, automatic, gun tragic, let em have it, the savage, kill the bastard, you have entered, gods cavern, bad habbits, now panic cas heaven is still coming - grayskul"
"see the light in the luminous paradigm that became more apparent with time, all i had to do was follow the signs to be a better man, i need help i just gotta find a link between my inner deity and myself - canibus"
"you ain't a prisoner, the world got mo' to it, sky's the limit, it don't take but a minute, just, picture the planet and imagine it's yours kid, don't ever let nobody knock you outta your orbit -black thought"
stoic
around here we only bump fela kuti!
quinten doty is the coolest kid i know ever and that is final!!!!
how can we be broke when the city owes us sleep
wandering the streets with destructive bad habbits
i got two middle fingers for school today
its almost parkour season    all u kiddies get ready
ive been through the ups and downs so i know the ins and outs - sleep
"when i grew up, this is what i became, from a little city with, nobody to blame,"
a good girl will make you wanna be a great guy
did you spell my name right on your silver bullet
"fuck debt collection agencies, fuck hospitals!"
grounded     reminds me of back in the day
each day you wake up a different human
im pissed    i wanna listen to p o r n  but cas of the name    ill never find him on the internet!
"who would of though that having stupid thoughts you contemplated, would convolude what was constituded as complicated perminately fadded"
why does nothing work
word is bond
hxc!!!!!
he who creates justice is ever more wretched than he who suffers it
this baby keeps crying for no reason
the old lady next door is dead     i wonder how long is was before she was discovered   
feeling fresh
angeeeeerrrrrr
just threw up a peanut butter jelly sadwich and milk    through my nose
with the birds i share this lonely view
im feelin love
got the wretched of the earth    but probably wont read a good book until schools out
why do thorns have roses
"im bad man, i catch bullets in my mollers, body slam boas, and take flight with the weight of the world on my shoulders - blueprint"
"live by the pen, die by the zeitgeist"
contact me if you want to apply for a counselor for yli (summer version of unitown)
brave new world still behind steel bars
is probably having his identity stolen ashe sleeps    oh well
"skies the limit dont take but a minute, you aint a prisoner the worlds got more to it, aint no thing vato my hoods yo hood - black thought"
when did stuff become so serious    probably while i was delirious
"lifes a race, ill always be late and breath hate with a deep fate who can relate, the punk you berate is a cheep skate, lifes a game, stop, whats my name"
"since i need a job  as of friday may 14th im starting a contract killing business     please contact me with any offers    25,000 a head  will do anyone "
had a dream the school district tried to take my diploma back 
"its scarry when things come together, other things may fall apart"
yli apps! fill em out kiddies!
"inorganic <propfirst> on back  trim the panic flat on backer \\back to back like mad hatter magic rabid mastiff collaborative splatter bachelor fabric fatter with cabbage patch lit  - aesop rock"
now just to be accurate label me immaculate - silla (binary <propfemale>)
work sucks    but a lil paper never hurt anyone   other than drug addicts   
memories keep on slipping a long way away from where they used to stay
will buy a bongo!
my girl    is basically     a babe    so it sucks your not me
for national man day    im chillin after changing oil and tires an shizz all day  and im helping my dad buy a gun  uhh son uhhhh
were in a constant conflict confidence against incompetence trying to grasp the context of lifes concepts
"final roots album coming out in two days! how i got over! ill will bestow it the honor of being the 4th album ive ever payed for (after ratm, deadprez, and catpower)   i suspect ill be having wet dreams the next few nights "
burn banks  burn state property  burn corporate property 
"eclipse solar lunar, ill see you soon but ill talk to you sooner"
revolutionary volume 3 needs to come out already
man im just so disconnected
going camping!!!!!!! dueces chicas
"i'm in a chess match, i'm in a death trap\i'm tryna find out where the eggs in the nest at\i want blood when the sky turns jet black\no love and the world cant correct that\no peace, no sleep, no love for a young beast\there ain't no hell like the hell i raise\i'd die in the bed i made 'fore i lay with a love i loathe\i'm a snake in the garden of bones\i'm a loner in a world of clones -porn"
dont tell me you dont know what you see when your looking at a mother lover just like me
my girl is the shit 
i hate your toe 
decayed
"bumping canibus, todays gatta be a good day with <propmale> on the mic"
some times when you see people react to all the hate in the world  you see the beauty of the world   
going on a date with <propfemale> fenn! wats up now! u didnt know im big time like that huh!!! wish u were me!!!! but your not! cry in the filth of the reality that im dating <propfemale> fenn and your stuck at home watching southpark!
this is the sound of the wasted republic
smolder
imma drink a whole bottle of ashes and dream something with meaning for the masses
"can you say, brunch at you say tomato?"
shreds
3 humans one waddiff  16 nipples 
i think theres an important line to draw 
dead from the neck up
hot jacuzzies watching movies glocks and uzis
i wish everytime was bed time
"every day we obey, and thorow our dreams away"
is on fire 
going camping in a hour    still need to pack clothes    idk y i just cant go naked    all i need is a kabar and a zippo and im good in the barren wilderness for like 20 days   killing and eating like rabbid racoons and rabbits and shit  staying warm by climing inside freshly fallen bears and dears at night
finally actually looking for a car   
they say you cant teach an old dog new tricks   then whys it take one capitalistic hick to turn father time into a b**ch 
"\you strangled me when i was a kid!\"" - my 3 year old brother"""
half smooth criminal and half straight bastard
"black <propfirst> <propmale> nyc r-o-c-k-i-n-g sun and the <propfemale>, earth stars an planets, before its doen they gunna all understand it"
one of 7 billion feed me the dust 
learning to drive a stick on the streets at night in the rain    sucks 
"success aint only based on self esteem it takes a sense to differentiate between whats yours and someone elses dreams\- eyedea"
eff you with new yorks two middle fingers
can you pay the price to be gratified in a society this stratified
my carotid artery's a suppository
its probably not a good idea to speed through lenexa at 2 am blasting hedpe  but its nice 
sometimes i want to just copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they would notice 
brothers killed <propmale> hoover killed <propfirst> the whiteman killed medga and <propmale> fullerton  killed marley 
what things cant a walk fix
evanescent incessant agression
quit my job    so anyone who once knew a boy named <propfirst> payne starting 0ctober 1st hes officially alive again
if you dont wanna fight me your nothing like me
give me all your pills!!!
is pregnant with quadruplets
resist the structure
"<propfemale> and the machine sold out  rip (nikkis band not mine, so i dont care)"
"reportedly looks like <propmale> harper, <propmale> kravitz, jimi hendrix, and <propmale>, guess that makes me a musical genius "
is now unemployed  fuck <propfemale> 
is now selling semean on the black market    if u want a lil <propfirst> hit me up 
going to st <propfirst> con la fennster back monday    god save the <propfemale>
my stomach has been eating me these past few days    probably not good
if your short and your asian clap your hands
its good to not be at work or at school    still busy though
be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle - plato
i want my passport!!!!
engulfed in the inner rims of patterns
i curse the universe
with internet consumer society as my witness    i am splendid with <propfemale> fenn
"even the american flag says made in <propfemale>, the national debt index says americas a vagina"
<propfemale> fenn has cold toesies
hardcore parkour
poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry all that consoles and holds me e playful ounds and grounds me my souls ground keep keep writing that good fight till your the god of war
what the fuck    one of my favorite rappers died  rip eyedea
i met qwel  basically life is g
<propmale> county  sukku meh kok 
life in a brush stroke can make you frustrated you lust hope but you trust hatred
