8f4d1b2a2dffb88c731ee57b86ef8762
my trucks brokeand im stuck in phoenix this blows!!
albaquerque what kinda name is albaquerque
ok i've had enough of washington!!
ok here i am; where   hell if i know
yo finally headed home gotta stop in ogden first though   
friken corn every where!!
headed for arizona
idaho sucks!!
i really need to get out of <propfemale> <propfemale>   
nothing and no one are what they seem to be     
lucked out big time still here in lv
today so kicks ass over yesterday    
home for a few
i dont know   does anybody else?
just kickin at home waitin on a preplan!!
"today not so good   and don\t even know why?"""
yeah i saw em' mean little bastards!!
i really need to     
good or bad it has begun      
people just got to know their limitations   
sittin at a <propfemale> in amarillo tx
ok its official today blows!!
just stoked to be home and out the snow!!
tomorrow?
ive come to an impass and not sure which way to take on this decision?
the gods did it again   a couple hours not a lot to ask    but nope!! im here they're there   frikin figures!!
today feels all wrong talk to couple others same thing    how strange?
im outta the otr gig gotta get it together back in vegas now   
it is done            problem eliminated
well made it another year friken amazing!!!
remember   there was a total catastrofic failure and i was never here      
ok just a heads up     its been ordained that i am the high priest of the cult of the next ten minutes    yeah me!!
up early off to the frikin cancer doctors    not a good way to start a day   
"can somebody grab me a marlboro a stiff shot of cuervo and a giant snow shovel for all the psyco bs spewed on \oh someone validate me\""facebook <propfemale> on any given day?"""
tomorrow eh who knows but today was just the best!!
angels are real i found one!!
orianthi holy crap!!  beyond badass!!
"i am bored as hell,climbing the friken walls ahhhh!!@"
"my lil brother \finally makes an appearance\"" nice    """
hey anybody wanna buy a boat     
man my truck got jacked!!!
it took a week but finally getting some focus drive back     
in on the left    should put ya right there   if they spot ya get the hell out   lol
"i'm not really sure?? we shall see,no good deed goes unpunished   right??"
"finally sold the boat \most excellent\"" we're once again ahead of the game   guess the gods decided to throw me a bone!!"""
ok its 5:15am and im awake? any theories??
ever have that eerie feeling no one is watching you?  hey i'm pretty sure it was 8   
multi tasking is simply listening and not giving a shit all at the same time     
"friken hot totally blows,who ordered this humidity?"
amazing how a day can go from screwed to awesome aint it?
what are the odds of coming across 2 people on the same day that truly should have been swallowed at birth?
a bullet never lies    
"couldn't see it no way to touch it but its gone i really think its gone,today was awesome and tomorrow n me are all good       surprise )"
goin under the gun     bring on the pain!!! bout time yeeahhh boy!!
"well 2nd session  down any previous doubts \gone\""      this thing is just sic straight up sic     """
ok where's everybody at? nobody answering their phones     hello! is anybody out there?
