35b6732398db3b60d2cd3ca55443d575
lmao does anyone have any pics from new years!?!?!?!? lmao didnt have a camera all night so upset new years was awesome!!  smile  hope everyone that came had fun as well!!
engagement party!! this coming weekend on friday! text call if ya wanna come!!
hahaha everything is on my mind u name it its there lol
is excited for friday!! still more ppl can come once again let me kno!! engagement partyyy!!!
never thought i would see this day! i cant believe im engaged its to good to be true i love you <propmale>!! party today!!!! gett cruunnkk!! lol
i just cnt get the image out of my head it kills me  never be dissopointed in urself cause u guys showed them friendship & thats something they dont have u guys went as a pack & u guys went down as a pack & it shows how close u guys are as friends  i love you guys  seeing u guys like that killed me idk what i would of done if i wasnt there 2 help only for a lil bit i couldnt just let u guys go alone   omg
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
ok im sorry to everyone that dont like pittbulls because of the bad things ppl say about them but if u have the balls to shoot a pittbull puppy with a freakin bb gun then u have problems my dog is harmless and loves everyone whoever did this to my dog is sick and should go to jail for animal abuse
why can't i sleep! i'm watching <propmale> sleep thinking to myself how fast life flew by  its just yesterday i was 5 then i started high school and did things i regret now i'm engaged looking at this man who i kno is going to be in my life forever
ok for those of you that think that i think walmart is classy ur dumb lol because its not and im not stupid just because u can pay 50 bucks for one shirt better than everyone  just because i do sometimes shop there doesnt make me poor because its called saving money!!! something u will never learn  ha
whatever im over it  not spending my whole life on stupid ppl that think their better than everyone else lol ok i have a wedding to think about and a fiance to love <propfemale> life is great beer is good and crazy 
family means more to me than anything & im ready for <propmale> to be apart of it  we may not have been together that long but when u love someone you just kno that their the one you want to be with for the rest of your life  communication is the key to a relationship meant to be 
my life is just getting better and better   so much for everything going right  the only thing going good is my relationship with my love  were not to young to get married if were crazy about one another it shouldnt matter 
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like bird, dizzy in my head, spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night, you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh, you make me smile"
wish life wasnt so hard   no car no job no on my own home   kinda wish i was back home with my family but im stayin strong im in love with my man and i quit smokin lol its just me and wanda(dont ask) lol had a good day seen my mom and had fun dress shopping with <propfemale> lol we had fun! lol good times
wooot woot!!! stayin positive!! in a really good mood!
doing nothing  text it
what a wonderful day it is outside!! lol i so wanna do something   but idk what lol
bbqing tonight lol hellllzzzz yeaahhhh
time to go drive around and bump with my love and the butter stick lmao while its still <propfemale>  smile 
right now the only bridesmaid that i have is my sister   i have been thinking a lot about everything and right now like i said my sister is the only one for sure that will be standing  not trying to me mean but its something im looking into  
nvm lol i forgot about <propfemale>  right now the only bridesmaids that i have is my sister and <propfemale>  thank you so much <propfemale> for being there for me when i needed someone the most u are the definition of best friend  smile 
such a nice day    to bad im sick    uggghh
i hate liars  i can tell when ppl lie to me  wanna kno how? when u tell me something and then tell someone else something different   ur so cool
going to indiana with the <propfirst> and my babe lol getting some fireworks and dropping <propmale>'s trans off then on our way home lol going to be a long day good thing we got the good food lol
i &hearts; my friends!!
started jogging the other day with <propfemale> lol i set a goal to run to the stop sign and back lol its not a long run but if i accomplish that goal then im setting a new goal for a longer run lol im so excited!!
i did it!!!! i accomplished my goal!!! wooooohhhh!!!! now for a new goal! im so happy!! lol
got 2 baby ducks for my bday!!!! lol from my love and my best guy friend <propfirst>! i love you guys thanks so much!! they are soooo cute!! theres a lil one and a big one the lil one is named quackers and the big one i named <propfirst> lol im so happy!!
happy mothers day mom!!! happy mothers day to all mothers!!
got a job interview wed !!! so excited wish me luck!! going to need it lol
today is the big day!! keep ur fingers crossed!! lol
got the job at kroger!!!!!! lol start tmrw at 4 h3!!zzz yeah!!!
birthday party tmrw!! let me kno if ur coming!
"just got back riding on the back of <propfirst>'s <propmale> with <propfirst>, my mom, grandma, and grandpa lol it was fun!"
going to bed  night  love 
hahaha we kno who u are 
wrk   4 to 945   such a crappy shift  
going swimming in the pool!! whoo! work later 6 to midnight   yay!!  
leaving for tennessee in a few mins lol excited!!! wish <propmale> could come tho  im going to miss him  love 
wrk   5 to midnight again   no fair for me this year 
have tmrw off!!!! idk what im going to do   lol
why does life have to be so hard? why do ppl at wrk have to be so ignorant? it just makes u look unprofessional  idk what to do   got a lot going through my head   dont kno what to do with these emotions my mind is going crazy  cant stop thinking  tired but cant sleep its like my mind wont let me   
super excited for the next 2 weeks!!! need to find another job asap!!!
happy 18th birthday little brother!!! i love you!!
had a bad ass weekend happy birthday baby!!!!! i love you!
playing cod lol passing time!
going shopping for black lights soon with <propfirst> and butters! then going shopping again tmrw for clothes and then home for a fun nightt!!
if ur not doing anything on this saturday night comment me!! ill give u something to come out to!!
had a blast last night!! posting pics up soon!! shout out to everyone that came! lol u guys were awesome!!
"our houses are protected by the good lord and a gun, u might meet them both if u show up here not welcome son, our neck are burnt an our roads are dirt and our trucks ant clean, the dogs run loose we smoke an chew an fry everything out here "
since we can not have another bar in richmond  how would ppl feel about a ice rink or a roller rink slash teen club in richmond?
scheduled an appointment for baker  bby sitting <propmale>  visit <propmale> on his lunch  tanning  then nothing  
sitting in the pb with nothing to do lol watching <propmale> and <propfirst> play cod   <propfemale> and i are just sitting here lol lame!!! something exciting needs to happen!
rip <propfemale>   i wish we could of been friends for a longer period of time  but we have those childhood memories at ur house  we will miss you <propfemale>
this week has just been the best   
going to see <propfirst> today lol kinda scared but i misses him!!!!   
bbbbbbbbblllllllaaaaaaahhhhhhhh         o<{} smile  <---christmas face!!!!!
so lammmee   
cant wait for christmas!!!!! totally wanna decorate the pole barn!!!
chillin in the pole barn with some friends! if u wanna come over chill an drink lemme kno!!
<propfemale> feeling club this saturday!! lol wanna go?
only girl here lol where my girls at?!?!?!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
"just got back from shopping!!! got some winter clothes lol so excited!! later chillin with <propfemale> mozal, <propfemale> leadbetter, <propfemale> <propmale>, and <propfirst> depape idk what were going to do but hopefully something exciting happens today lol im so tired!"
omg!!! so bored!!! excited for later!!
going out tonight with the girls!!!! getting ready around 8ish leave here around 10ish lol its time to dance and lose this winter poundage  smile  oh lets do it!!
gah! phone died 
you win some   u lose some    smile 
"a friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are "
idgaf  playful 
sometime u have to go with the bad ones in order to get the good ones   so maybe it is a good thing  smile  thanks sista!
"hummm car shopping with <propmale>, then study for baker, write a letter to baker lol then cod all the way  smile "
in the best mood!! <propmale> found a new jeep  smile  writting the letter and studying for my compass test   scared for tmrw gotta get up early for baker tmrw yay  
<propfemale> thought u were my best friend but i forgot that best friends are with you threw thick and thin!! no matter what so i guess ur not a best friend 
chillin with <propfemale> and <propmale> later  smile  gotta get down with the business first lol
soooo jeep runs awesome!!! getting it tmrw  laugh  college compass test went good lol i tested out of the english and writing they wanted me in  smile  yay!! i have to go back for math tho but they gave me a website to go on for it  still excited tho!
jeep turned out to be a piece fs!! lol but its cool he got his money back  dont trust ppl from different countries lol
so i flip that middle finger an the index finger follow duces
<propmale> pilon was here  lol haha
gossip girl  love 
chillin with my baby tonight  smile 
coloring my hair!!!! phones off for the night  smile  chillin with my love  watching christmas movies all night lol fun stuff!! pumped!
lost my phone again!!! ahhg if ur trying to get ahold of me do it on here lol
chillin at home listening to music  smile  playing with my hair  smile  and makeup  smile  havent done this in a while lol its kinda fun  love 
i wish i didn't have to perfect for u to like me  
black an yellow party!!!! who would go to that?!?!?!
new years <propfemale> party who is coming!!!?!?!?!?!?! oh let do it! lol should the theme be black an yellow or class no ass?? hummm??
you know trouble is right around the corner when your best friend tells you to hold her beer!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!! hope everyone has a good one  love  <propfemale> came to our house early this year love   smile 
want my own place     fml
black lights are going up on new years lmao so u guys figure out what to wear if ur coming   smile 
new years here i come!!!!!!
5$ tmrw night if ur comin food & drinks provided!! let me kno if ur coming!! lol  smile 
fml    sick of college already and i havent even started yet   dang  wish i had some adult help  ha thats a joke  
college in the a m!!! excited to go? not really lol want to make something out of myself? yuppers!! lol i got this  smile 
on our way to college   its so bad outside!
going mattress sleding!!
"(1 2) <propfirst> burgan, <propfemale>, and <propfirst> just came over on their sleds!! awesome suprised highlight of my day! lol <propfemale> want one now!! toped out at 95 with <propfirst>"
(2 2) lol scared the crap out of me! lol
lost 10 pounds since i started college lol pretty sweet!!
excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't sleep    4 in a m  really? wtf
study study study     annoyed 
in love with <propmale> albin!!!!!!  smile 
i hate valentines day   always ends up bad haha i wish they had a place for ppl that hate valentines day like in the valentines day move that would be cool lol
tydfgjhkjklhgoutyrduesuygpiojopuiygfuyrdu
<propfemale> mcveigh doing a hip hop class at my moms gym march 1st!!!! super excited can't wait!! lol $40 gives u 4 weeks of sweet hip hop dancing how sweet is that!?!? i'm so down!!
"going to autorama with my baby, <propmale> pilon, <propfirst> hoffman, <propmale>, and his girl <propfemale>   lol should be fun  smile "
sooo today was the first day of hip hop and it was awesome!! i finally found something i like doing!!! yay me!! lol
quit smoking   going crazy   ahhhh remind me why i even started in the first place grrrrr!!! lol
homework   study   dance   study    study    study oh im so lame lmao
just got done with homework     exams tmrw and wed then spring break lol pumped!!!
i'm so running on 4 hrs of sleep     ugh so tired!!! hope i do awesome on my math exam! then spring break!! hellzzzzz yeah!!
i passed!!!!!!! yeah <propmale>!! i'm so proud of myself!! time to celebrate!!  playful 
in much pain lol had a blast last night  smile 
"what is there to do today??? laser tag, gocarts, or a movie humm?"
i give up   lol don't ask for my opinion if ur not going to take it into consideration 
got a lot to do today  waterfall after anyone? lol
"i believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one facebooker has  challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!\     """
best night ever!!! lml
"lml means \love my life\"" by the way    lmfao"""
my legs are <propfemale> sore!!! cant move feel like i need a <propmale> hahaha  taking a nap because im tired  smile  kickboxing at 6! idk how im going to do it lol
going to the mall with my best friend!
the truth hurts lol   smile 
criminology is pretty cool  smile  gotta hottie for a teacher lol i know ill pass now hehehe
wish i had something to do to keep my mind off things     annoyed 
you can call me any name in the book but lie to my face and u will never here the end of it 
