62ec3350e8ee452405587519d385cf05
"is tired and in pain, but on top of that, he has a lot of homework but hey- thats what sunday nights are for"
i farted         just kidding  im new to facebook and i dont know how to do anything
games this weekend    uh!
i have 2 days left of summer practice
uh       bad kiwi  jk
i get to sleep in!!!!
needs to relax
theres weird people in random in-n-out pictures! there scaring me
3 more weeks      
im hurt
before and after
i cant walk down the stairs without sitting down because of weights  its retarded
i got 11 hours of sleep       yes
"im loving getting up at 5 every morning for practice, going to school, going to practice after school till 5 smile 0, and having homework and starting all over again all on 6 hours of sleep!!!  isn't school the greatest? cant wait for more"
relaxin
2nd day of p90x!   i want one of those stair chairs like the old lady in gremlins  88 more days of killing myself     and i love it
"voglio andare a letto adesso, <propfemale> <propfemale>l do<propfemale>ni <propfemale>l"
bored
i am rilassante
we lost homecoming        football!  yeah!
had the worst night at homecoming  i tripped and fell and then got beat up  im glad to hear it was great for everybody else  jk lol
is farmville any good? i always see people playing it
"is tired of everybody talking smack on each other when they are teammates, and if they have problems with someone, they need to talk it out and not talk trash "
tired     day 10 down         80 more days
nacho libre for the first time tonight
new phone number: 951 240 6569
good song= prettiest friend by <propfirst> mraz
day 17 down
sore
is making video guitar lessons to put on youtube
went to disneyland yesterday  it was national gay day  i wore red on accident and was hit on by several gay guys  fml
lesson learned today: dont drink moms hand-sanitizer
sick   yuck
still sick       
got to go shopping for a poker face
zzzzzzzzzzzz
"told <propfemale> i wouldnt,       i just got back from shooting <propfemale>'s with my sniperifle"
repainted his bike
day 1 and day 30 results will be up in about 2 days    get ready everyone
"worked out, and now has to do homework catching up from his absenses"
"was a guitar hero for hero day, and is debating wearing a wet suit for beach day tomorrow"
was hot today
<propfirst>! i left my phone in ur car! rrrrrrrrrr! whats ur number so i can call you
"happy that we won the game, spelt out gr8 oak! with paint on our chests, and the streaker?-why would you stop running?"
how was the psat?
taking pictures of results
"just found out that after he demanded paranormal activity to come to temecula, every day-it happened  your welcome everyone!(got an e-mail)"
going to benni <propfemale> for dinner
dinner was yumm
crap      got ab ripper now
now pick 4 people to share your results with    
is looking at audis 
got another behind the wheel tonight at 7 surprise 0pm  drivers test is monday
zzzzzzzzzzz
3 hours of sleep and i get to go to school!!!!
i dont get this whole 'live feed' thing  its pissing me off
"has a chipotle burrito in front of him, but cant eat it yet"
licence on monday at 8:40
dinner! and im hungry like a wolf
got his license!!!!
"got his license, first thing he did was buy a power bar"
is happy
gets to eat a meal that he helped prepare
is extremely pissed off
homework     
"got license, now needs a car    mnmmmmm"
still needs a car     
day 60 is comming up soon
non vedo l'ora di halloween
halloween did not go as planned     
halloween plans went downhill
"went to in-n-out in hooters girl outfits, needless to say the place blew up laughing"
feels good for some reason
"to all who are sick, get better"
good job great oak in volleyball  <propfemale>- you did great!
has been sick all weekend
is everybody enjoying there break?
"football at birdsaw was fun, we had like 18 people on each team all playing at once"
rain rain
tape up the grips?
good song dont know why: need you now by lady antibellum
"dressed up for heavy rain, only realizing it was just sapposed to be cold"
on to math     
"fun practice, now if i were alowd to play with the returns it would be way better, but im stuck with freshmen that cant pass"
cars:2010 ford raptor svt
"wants to be a weather man, so that he can lie to people just like they have been  stupid rain"
cant wait to practice(run) in the rain
whens prom?
has nothing to do
2 weeks of this!
avatar= coolest movie ever  its a must see
is missing you!
i     cannot      wait     untill   school     tomorrow  it    will     be    so    fun
school rocks my socks right off and into the world of fun! yes! school!
what are you taking after psychology?(for those that are taking it now)
went on a safari thanks to <propmale>
forever young- <propfirst> z
"same old, same old"
"do not use the group \lets you know when ur friends view your page\""- its a virus! remove now!"""
"the night is young, and i have no plans  sad "
loves reading about what good things obama has to say  needles to say it is a very short <propfemale>
saw a sick lacrosse injury tonight
bets anyone he can do 100 push-ups in 1 minute!
tired
is sick
forever young
a double leg takedown
"1,065 days left obama! want to do something that will matter?"
feel better <propfirst>! that looked like that really hurt! i got their team back tho so thats why they were asking for my name!lol
joy ride with a yellow <propfemale> slk55 = awsome!
crazies is a must see
did <propfirst> call? lol
"according to today's rap, alvan and the chipmunks are pimps"
took a nap for 2 hours(way longer than the e playful ected 30 mins) and now feels like crap
"people spend too much time wanting what they dont have, that they dont realize what they do have"
2 words: el pollo loco
my hat goes off to the boys varsity lacrosse team  great game
"loves when you need someone to take you somewhere, then they take off"
sparknotes may be the best thing every invented
beach on spring break- anyone wanna go?
anyone who says health care is a prayer answered is someone who relies on gov' handouts because they are too irresponsible to take care of themselves! e playful and medicaid and social security? ok! great! let's e playful and two failed systems! for the land of the controlled and the home of the dependent! welcome to <propfemale>  game over- <propmale> hazen
http annoyed  www formspring me nickricchio
nothing like 3-400 pound tires + a hill = a world full of soreness tomorrow
hates when he falls asleep for too long and when he wakes up he feels like crap
"i love early morning \dental appointments\"" that make you miss 1st period  lol"""
"going to six flags on monday, trying to get a group after the originals bailed(3 are for sure now)  you will need your own ticket (if you buy online instead of $56 dollars it would be $33 dollars)  can possibly give rides to those who want to go- lmk asap"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=6eghhjn0bqs&feature=related still want to ride it?
"going to six flags on monday, trying to get a group after the originals bailed(4 are for sure now)  you will need your own ticket (if you buy online instead of $56 dollars it would be $33 dollars)  can give rides to those who want to go- lmk asap         ------ if you dont really know me too well- who cares! were gonna have fun"
six flags !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sixflags tomorrow!!!!!! who wants to go?
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=o6lh4jrgji8&feature=related funniest video ever
sixflags 2 times in 3 days  <propmale> and i had a little conspiracy talk in the back lol
http annoyed  www illuminati-news com moriah htm this will blow your mind- its very long so make time!
is reading up on the illuminati(the people who run everything!!) http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=m89sb59dt34 http annoyed  www illuminati-news com moriah htm
to everyone planning on going to the beach      the water is freezing!!  i dare you to go out there without a wetsuit and last 15 mins
nothing like celebrating with lobster tail and crab legs
"great time at the duck's game, they just had to lose after i talk all that smack"
"has \gotten ready\"" only twice this entire break"""
i love school!! its great to be back!!!
you cant make an omelet without breaking some eggs
countdown till this friday
"was led on, then shot down"
gonna try to actually do my homework        dont know how that will go
17!
got a dj tiesto album signed by tiesto for my birthday
superhero day tomorrow        i'm getting ready to be laughed at hahahahahah
american history x is one of the greatest movies ever made
there are some serious retards out there      
missed a very big opportunity
thanx <propfirst>
nightmare on elmstreet is awsome
15 <propfemale> english essay that only my teacher is doing!!!!!
along with others made a new sport____aswome!!
i just want to make it clear to everyone that i love english essays
soaking oreos in milk until the're soggy 
nap
dyed his hair
went rabbit hunting in my backyard and found an old easter egg with 5 bucks in it and a reese's peanut butter cup
saw a kid rave dancing in the front of the pechanga mart  this kid was hardcore hahahah
everybody needs to chill with all these freaking groups
late morning jog tomorrow? i think so
"stop worrying about what others think of you  its your life, not their's "
beach today? definatly 
964                     
1 more week of fun!!!! summer i can almost taste you- and you taste like sunscreen 
"temet, you need to call me now"
back from running 4 <propmale>  its freaking hot out there
pbing on friday? i think so!
eminems new album is cr4z3y!!
im afraid im gonna kill this song but i cant get enough of it 
haters can act like bees with no stingers and drop dead
"going hunting with <propfirst> at midnight, hope we dont get stalked by a pack of cyote's again and have to book-it! lol good times when the life is in danger"
"went hunting at midnight using a 3,000,000 candle power spotlight, out of the blue came a skunk and we owned its face!!!!! downside is we went in for a closer look, and saw green goo coming from its belly!!! anyways now we smell like skunk  the end of a sick night"
freedom doesnt come unless there is blood spilled first
"i feel tough whenever i listen to eminem, so i always have to remind myself that im not"
beatdown city
got lit up by <propfirst> and <propfirst>
el himnasio
despicable me is actually really funny- see it in 3d cause the credits are funny too
got a <propmale> long vice!
why am i still awake?
"i'm sweating like <propfirst> <propmale> in a \toys ? us\"""""
disneyland? yes
heading back up to my hometown in oc to go to the beach with childhood friends i havnt seen in years  gonna remember this one
scrimmaging d2-d3 teams? yes 
freaking school'd d2 teams
<propmale> <propmale> ordered a bigmac at burger <propmale> and got one 
anyone else going to havisu this weekend?
back from the river  my back is shot
my phone belongs in san fransico
is the senior dance a big thing or is n surprise ne going?
all nighter? yep 
school!!!!!! yes yes yes yes!!!!!! i cant wait for tomorrow!!!! school is the bestiest
sixflags was fun 
played invisible rope with friends- i have to say that is the most fun ive had in a long time
arizona raspberry tea
"i need some new music       anyone got good \pump up songs\""?"""
"wcppl on this saturday and sunday, lets hope we make it to sunday        "
school is so exciting! i love suprize quizes!!!!!
some people blow things way out of proportion!!!
i think my body wants to kill me
me and <propfirst> went for a run full of hills in fallbrook  dont even know how much we ran but im dead 
"<propmale>, you poke me again and everything we once had will be over!"
"so dance, dance like its the last, last time you will ever play that song!"
"mock bud s training day at the beach destroyed me  waking up that next morning to do a 3-man tourny- in a nut shell, im a fatigued zombie"
"we lookin' fo you- we go' find you, we go' find you!"
"if any men are truly interested in a navy career(seals) after high school or even college, join me and my friends for a free mock bud s session every couple fridays or saturdays @ the oceanside pier"
"<propfirst> at my house (no sleep), paintballing tomorrow, dance that night (no sleep), then scrimmaging on sunday "
<propfemale> underwood is a champ live
so does this weather mean i can wear a jacket now or will it be 102 tomorrow?
i like it on the swingset
"dear friday, why dont you fell like a friday?"
its 11 smile 3pm and i want to climb something
"tackled 3 movies this weekend, each on their own day  mission accomplished"
"a man can only be beaten in two ways: he either quits, or he dies"
wings tonight at 6- sports <propfemale>- be there 
wings was a great success 
the town is amazing
mr  beach's project time!!!!!!!
epic thumb war fight at lunch today
paranormal 2 was scary  i heard stuff downstairs when i came home late 
hearing stuff
costume shopping was a +
on facebook on a school computer  yeah
finally got my senior pics done  glad thats over with 
universal studios horror night: panda with a red bull is a +
halloween will be great
one word for tonight: awsome 
tuxedo cheescake ?
saving lives all day every day
and the republicans take the house!!!!!
got a mohawk
<propfirst> legend is beast live
wcppl cal jam!! beast mode [on] off
15 hour recovery sleep has never felt so good
wow i love getting sick
ducks game tonight
going away party for my sis **sniff***sniff
"eating a fortune cookie while leaning in a chair, and right as i go to open it, my chair slips out from under me causing me to fall backwards, and my fortune read, \you are a practical person with your feet on the ground\""- thanks panda e playful ress"""
i forgot why i drank coffee at 11 at night         
"guitar center in the morning, training with goreggy, visit finn and make him loose customers  should be a fun day"
i hate when people say that naps feel good  i feel like crap when i wake up
does anyone in government know if marbury v <propfemale> is activism or restraint?
how do you e playful lain activism and restraint?
soda is soooooo bad for you
im half way done with my project im already falling asleep oh boy      
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is not to see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do it "
i never watched spungebob as a kid     i didnt think it was even out then  liars 
"spongebob did not air untill may 1, 1999  suck  on  that  posers! lol"
first time in a steam room  does anyone go to the gym these days?
im going to be the last one to change their picture back
i think i want to kill <propfirst> bieber
if there is anyone who needs beach's study guide talk to me now
mt  high tomorrow ?
i cant move
shredded the pow pow at mh?
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to live  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, it is my honor to copy and paste this as my status"
i finally finished my study guide  when in rome   
fighter and tron were both extremely great movies
"so im sick, i can barely walk cause of these muscle aches"
and i still havnt done my x-mas shopping cause of this stupid virus
i think this was the only christmas where i actually wanted clothes
advice to erbody: invest in nerf guns and wage wars inside houses  most fun ive had in a while
shredded the pow pow at mt  high
"\and im gonna pick the world up and im gonna set it back down!\""- big <propmale>"""
"back from el himnasio and made 5 eggs with ham tossed in  one word, super spectacular "
dominated to buffet tonight!!!
"i think its funny how the nurses at our school arn't authorized to give kids advil  i guess they think im going to crush it up, boil it down while adding cleaning product in the school bathroom and snort it "
"leaving tomorrow for the full weekend at bear valley, its gonna be sick!"
takin care of the kids all weekend
its on: dumb and dumber tuxes with <propfirst> golling
it puts the lotion in the basket! or else it gets the hose again 
take a good hard look cause im sailing on a boat
"i'll bear that cross with an honor, 'cause freedom don't come free "
just relaxing all weekend
time to work out for the first time in 2 months after being a sick zombie     this should be interesting 
had fun shredding the hard-packed snow at mt  high  got a little scraped up but ill live 
so i got really sunburnt on my face while i was riding today- this wont go well since its <propfirst>'s day
very fun night
i like my beats fast and my bass down low
to whom this may concern: if any of you were not at mt  high this weekend you missed the best snow it has ever gotten  2 full days and i cannot even walk from all the shredding of the pow pow
mammoth this weekend? yes 
mammoth baby!!!!!!!!!
1st day of mammoth: sucked- 90 mph winds and complete white out snow storm  they closed the mountain  day 2 made up for it- <propfemale> then began to snow later  got back in under 5 hours  an adventure to say the least
honestly if anyone is looking for a new cereal- try raisin bran crunch
had a great night with <propfemale> lawyer  smile 
100 burpees for starts  <propfirst> i now know how it feels even though i only did like half you do in your sleep! i meet a seal in the gym today too
restrepo is one of the greatest documentaries ever made
nothing a mcgangbang wont solve
my stomach feels like there is a heavy rock in it
springbreak? yes sir
3 hours of sleep in 48 hours exactly- running 2 <propmale> in under 14mins  and a leg workout and then a back workout the next day  mission secured
"saw: <propfirst>, suckerpunch, limitless, and <propmale> lawyer  all great"
nppl hunnington- sickkkk
"noboday is going to hit as hard as life, -but it aint about how hard your hit, its about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward! how much you can take, and pick yourself back up!\\until you believe in yourself, you aint gonna have a life"
