f83d99559b916097f9d77008e7a88738
welcome to 2010! ?????????????????
welcome to 2010! ?????????????????
i finally gave in to facebook   
i have to write my 1st dbq! help pease!
thanks for all the birthday wishes!  love 
"has homework but really doesn't wanna do it     >,<"
?????????????
????????? started over again somewhere ???????????
looking forward to eating mexican with my favorite class tomorrow  ^^
"i often wonder about that of which i ponder, if such complex thinkings just might be unfathomable to anyone other than myself "
"i was thinking of taking my own path through the woods, but i think i'm lost    so here's hoping i make a path worth following ^^;"
"don’t walk in front of me, i may not follow  don’t walk behind me, i may not lead  walk beside me, and we'll get there together   ?"
is so watching the <propfemale> half time show during the puppy bowl!  laugh 
its snowing!!!!!!!  laugh 
"i made a snowman, but he broked   sad "
the real trouble with reality is that there’s no background music  (*insert sad music wink 
"a train station is where the train stops  a bus station is where the bus stops  on my desk, i have a work station… so this is where my work stops   goodbye physics!!"
"wonder's why people warn against grabbing a tiger by the tail when its the other side you have to worry about  y'know, the side that has teeth  ;p"
has finally finished the stupid ****** 2 month long physics project  and for once its not the night before its due   laugh  yay me!
you know your screwed when you take a break from ap homework to do trig  ><
"has 7 projects, 4 of which are due this week    me thinks this is bit unfair   sad   and no, i didn't procrastinate (much)            so i'm off to bed before my brain dies  night all!"
"finally, done with five projects  smile "
is taking the sat tomorrow  wish me luck!
gots a new phone  it is epic  *squee*
"last day of grad testing, hoping today will be easy as the rest   final round: social studies!  ganbatte kudasai minasan!"
"so i'm going on a field trip tomorrow! yay! my only regret is missing ap and trig  mrs  reeves, don't kill me! x x"
i think i need to use the word epic more  epic is an awesome word  ^^
"if i was the author of my life, and i had to use pen    well, that would e playful lain the sqiggly lines at least    ^^;"
got my sat scores back  first total score of 1620      laugh 
is at the top 5% of her class   smile  yayz!
i got bit by a rat today    its going to the snake next time  > laugh 
ugh! they started bleach over again! it had finally caught back up to episode 160-somethin' and now its back to ep  1  > sad 
"ap exam tomorrow morning!  x x  i'm gonna die!!!!!!\but wish me luck anyways, becuz i might be unlucky enough of survive  and good luck to all those taking it too, i wish you luck as well  this is the part we all cram and somehow pass the exam, yes?"
"report: ap exam terminated; status: dead; action plan: postponed; loading new plan   \plan found: sleep"
had an awesome time at kaleidoscope today! i'm is especially proud of my bestest friends <propmale> llamas  and <propfemale> <propmale>! you guys were amazing!! and the chorus and band in general was quite epic!  laugh 
has heard something very awesome! i'll let ya'll know tomorrow if it comes true!  wink 
i never thought that it could happen!  love 
"have to take a physics exam tomorrow! should of studied, didn't  should study, but i probably won't  anywayz~ still in a giggly mood, hope i can get to sleep! night all!"
"been up since 4 smile 0 this morning, and i've had to to deal little kids all day, time for night night!"
"i need therapy and i've got the sunburn to prove it  did i mention i hate kids?  annoyed \anywayz~ i get to take my trig  test tomorrow   with a burnt face  the last day of school is going to be so much fun  annoyed "
woot  i am a senior  fear me!
i hate ice cream trucks    sad 
congratz to all my friends who graduated today! love you guyz!!  love 
"i have all the answers in my head, now i just wish i could find them  sad "
got my report card today~ a's & b's! 27 5 credits  soooo close!  love 
its thundering!! t t i don't like thunder   
woot! had an awesome day doing nothing with one my bestest friends! you're awesome <propmale>!  wink 
feels lonely  sad 
thinks ninjas are way better than spartans and pirates  =p
i fear the day the gummi bear aliens will invade earth just to abduct our pandas d:
"heading to macon tomorrow, so i'll be out of the area for a while  just thought i 'd let you know   wink "
"we are all weird, and life is weird too  when we find someone who's weirdness is compatible with ours, we fall into mutual weirdness and call it love  love "
"waah! its storming, and i'm scared! going to bed now!!"
"just finished reading catcher in the rye  it was good and all, but i feel like nothing happened  can anyone enlighten me?"
@ @ wakarimasen!!
eatin at mellow mushroom!   wink  muahahaha!\\n
mmm    watermelon     smile 
"i've been thinking    why are we worried about aliens if they're searching for intelligent life? just say you're from <propfemale>, and you'll be perfectly safe   wink "
who here has heard of the hamster dance??
<propmale> diggory was reincarnated as <propfirst> cullen?? what the heck did he do to deserve that? thats just wrong   sad 
twilight wouldn't be so annoying if i didn't have to deal with all the twitards   playful 
"why can't anyone read <propfemale>'s mind? well, you can't read an empty book, now can you?"
"walls may have ears, but the windows have eyes   "
i learned a new word! squirkling--to shade using random curvy lines to create texture  we artists make up the best words!  love 
"so, i was thinking    how can i know for certain that i'd lost my marbles? in fact, for all i know, somebody coulda stole 'em "
so i was thinking    uga    maybe?
college  is  annoying  and i'm not even there yet   sad 
"i know i'm ranting, but it makes me feel better   smile   jasper=sokka? now, who did that math?"
"face, meet pillow  why hello, pillow! fancy meeting you here   *face-plant*"
"had an extremely awesome day with an even more awesome guy!!  laugh  thank you, <propfirst>!  love "
"headin' to athens for a uga visit  yeah, i can't believe i'm up this early either"
arrived at uga    this place is huge! (and the signs are so small   )
just got home  uga was amazing! right now its at the top of my list (and i'm pretty picky  smile )
"yessssss!!! i passed the ap exam!!!  laugh  i cant believe it, but i did it!!!"
i hate being on the road at this dark hour  i can't read   sad 
"i have arrived at <propfirst> college, and omg it is so beautiful! every building looks like a castle!\\n"
if only the price tag on college really didn't matter   
who'd ever think i'd be babysitting in this lifetime?
i'm going to die  t-t
babysitting again  any advice?
day 4 of babysitting    lets hope today goes well  wish me luck!
was playing hide and seek with facebook and sleep  facebook won  but sleep wants a rematch  lets give this another try   smile 
so i was thinking    most people who like twilight more than <propmale> potter must be illiterate 
"one day i want to meet a sane and intelligent twilight fan, and ask them why they like it   me thinks i'll be waiting a while "
my head hurts     sad 
"i swear, the longer i spend with these kids, the faster my iq is dropping   sad "
last day of babysitting!  laugh     and now i shall die until morning  night all!
had an awesome day with <propmale> and <propfemale>! love you guys!!  love 
what would you name a female black cat? (excluding the obvious : )
"i wish, somehow, i could become the person everyone else seems to think i am, and be deserving of their love "
"so i was thinking    how much bad luck do you get when a black cat crosses your  path, and spills salt    twice?"
"starting the countdown for school  time to wrap up homework and live up whats left of summer  this is going to be a very busy year, let's hope i can survive!"
"trying out ideas for senior pictures, any suggestions? ideas?"
heading to pictures!i hope they go well 
"done with pictures, finally!"
i hate not having intenet! i feel so out of the loop   sad 
anybody know when open house starts on sunday?
"i wish i wasn't so afraid of storms, maybe then i could get some sleep  well, i'm about to try anyway  night!"
"just read a really funny book! 354 pages in under 24 hours when i probably should have been doing that homework that i haven't done yet (but will have to, eventually, before tomorrow) "
i think i'm going to die this year  they're actually making us do stuff in p e now! for the whole class period! (and no more basketball or doing homework either )
"i hated school, but now i hate it even more because of the stupid state running things! oh, i can't wait to leave burke county forever! (except to see mrs  reeves )"
is it the weekend yet?
"stupid pe, making me walk like a cripple   sad "
"went to bed at 8, got up about now, i think that's the most sleep i've had all week!"
"watching people destroy their lives unknowingly is a great way to end the day, especially since they deserve it  can't wait to see the end   smile "
'bout to eat some chinese! <propfemale> <propfemale>'s the best!
woot! made it to dahlonega!  site of the first <propmale> u s gold rush and home of my favorite sister   wink 
going to finally see toy story 3!
"i think my pessimism and general cynicism is due to the fact that i have enough intelligence to continually notice the idiocy in the world around me \     just sayin' "
suuki ran away with my notecard    sad  i had to <propmale> her around the house and then had to extract her from the abyss that is under my bed  not cool   sad 
nighty night!
"ow, my brain hurts  never again (after this assignment) will i ever pick up wuthering heights again!  annoyed "
finally! my internet was wonkered and hadn't been letting me get on facebook for the past few days     i missed you peoples 
"\suki! what did i just tell you-!?\"" bam \""nevermind  \"""""
never knew how much i depended on electrcity 'til it was gone  sad 
"thinks internet is fixed, for real this time  (crosses fingers)"
"why is friday so close to monday, but monday so far from friday?"
almost to the museum!  laugh 
"atomic e playful losions, rhinos, and a mustache  yeah, dali was pretty epic "
why can't eighteen just be another number??
"remember, remember the fifth of november   "
thanks everybody for all the birthday wishes!!!  i'm so lucky to have friends like ya'll!!
i'm thinking early bedtime for me  night all!
i think i made a good <propfirst> locke   
lovin' that fullmoon outside   smile 
"a little disappointed with my sat scores    while my writing score went up, my overall score went down (but only by 10pts)   not sure how i feel really, except i wish i did better "
"at barnes & <propmale>!  thats right, be jealous   wink "
movie time!  wink 
<propfemale>    unstoppable was pretty epic   smile 
"ugh, so  much  homework    x x"
"not liking going back to school, but even less liking that we're out on friday  what are these people thinking??? mrs  reeves, what are we going to do?"
i'm starting to think that i've been stupid all my life but no one ever told me 
my <propfemale> smells like marshmallows     smile 
what is that mysterious ticking noise?
killing time at the mall   
finally done with shopping    tiring but fun
playing ddr with my sister  smile 
"is playing scrabble with my sister, and currently losing   "
is playing with <propmale>!  laugh 
who's staying up to watch the lunar eclipse tonight?
just got my hair cut!  laugh 
"is filling out scholarship applications    yay, fun time   "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
is wishing for snow!!
has finished book for ap lit   and is bored   \\nrobyn
"just finished a round of monopoly    ugh, my brain hurts "
i don't wanna go back to school! x x
is ------ at a certain school system  can't they do anything right?!
"has no exams next week, and is extremely excited!!"
school is officially not going to happen tomorrow from what i've heard    don't know if i'm happy or not about this   
no school again tomorrow?? this is not helping me with my procrastination   
is battling evil momsters to save the world!!     (thank god there's a reset button  )
"just when i thought everything was going really well, reality decides to slap me in the face    i'm not sure how much more i can take "
has decided to go to school tomorrow  not happy about it but i'm not happy about quite a few things lately  here's hoping that seeing some of my favorite people will cheer me up 
bored     sad 
"well, one school down  accepted into brenau, but i don't think i'm going there; still waiting on north <propfemale> and uga   "
essays    a necessary evil 
bored   
"so much homework    but what can i say, i did it to myself   playful "
eww    its raining   
why is college so e playful ensive??
brenau is teasing me!!
watching the ibm challenge on jeopardy!       don't laugh at me   
i don't know about ya'll but these colleges need to hurry up and tell me something before i end up in a crazy house   sad 
"country music, chocolate milk, and a poem  don't mock me, i'm enjoying myself   laugh "
\guil sad to ros)     'lick your toe and wave it around a bit ' \,f83d99559b916097f9d77008e7a88738,"victory! accepted at north <propfemale>! now if uga will hurry up and say yay or nay, i can finally decide where i want go!"
wants june to hurry up and these scholarship deadlines to slow down!  sad 
here's wishing all going to literary tomorrow the best of luck! i know you'll all astound the judges with your brilliance!  laugh 
"i took a nap at 4, thinking i could take a short nap, but it turned into 4 hours   "
i think i might be losing my voice  indecision 
totally into my 'modest proposal'    i may have taken this too far    > laugh 
"going to bed at eight, to wake up at six  ? i'm not sure if i like this trade off   "
hmm   haven't even gotten there yet and i already want to change my <propmale> 
bored     sad 
"officially spring break, but i'm still bored   "
doesn't like the weather    its the calm before the storm! d:
"the storms freaking me out a bit, the dog is totally freaked, and the cat is freaked out by the dog! and mama is sleeping it all away    no fair!!"
