0ac2323bb92a31653f5264fbe1499d29
"i just saw tron and it was pretty awesome, i thought it would b dumb, but i really liked it  laugh "
2011 is almost here     thats scary
ugh    another seven and a half months of freaking sophomore year left    i hope it goes by quickly > sad 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
sucks!!! got sick today : ( !!! hopefully i be better 2morrow!!
"lalalalalalalalalalalalla! mah orange glowy friend died 2day!  sad   yah   his name was rodger   he brokeded open   and    and, anddd, yah he died! it maka me sad  sad "
"imma go to outerspace  yea   outerspace is where et lives and i wants to see him   yah,party wif little alienz!!!!!"
"i stayeded home  2day, i did not want 2 go 2 skoo! but now i'z wish i went 2 skoo, cuz i iz bored!!!! dere iz nutin 2 doo at mah howse!  sad  blah blah blah !!!"
mah hair smells like strawberries!
thirkles and thquares and twiangls!!!!
wellz   i'z agoin' 2 skoo 2day   here i comez peoplez!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"omg!!!!!! evrybdy better be jealous of me, cuz i just met hawthorne heights!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yah i got them 2 sign everything!! i got 2 hug them, and talked to them!! i found the new luv of mah life!!!  love "
i have been sick for 3 dayz!!!!! and it really really sucks!!!!!!!!!!!
blah bl blah bla ble ble ble!!!!!!!   rhinosaurus               watermelon!!!  smile 
bleh   i tryded dis new candeh & it taste gross!!!!    uh is that how u spell ''gross'' or is it growse? hmmmmm    well   i dont kno!!!!!!!!!
"rhinosauruswatermelon! har har har   i speeka mah own language     gsagjhgehgsdea,cjghsafsgxashghuqahuzsgdsjhfgzjhjfhaydyshfidogido"
i feel like i should be doing something   but i dont want 2
i iz fweezing   yah cold!   coldy coldy cold   brrrr   cold cold coldy                   ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
"i luv mah dorable dowgeez, dey arrrrrrre sooooooo funnay   !  love "
i'z like sodaaa   i'z like sprite   i'z like pepsi   i'z like dr pepper   uhhhhhhhhhhmm    i'z like mtn dew    uhhhh  hmmmm   rootbeer!
"bleh   bored    nofing to do   but sit here      and listen     to mah fav song     ugh    im tired   of dis stupid song   huuuuuuuuh    yah   ahhhhhhh, im going crazy!!!!!! d:"
i just saw toy story 3!
did that banana just talk 2 me? scary! i think i had 2 much caffine!
"well, i got stuck in a chrry tree today,isnt that weird     yeah,the weirdest part is   the tree was only 4 from the ground!!! yah, it was pretty scary,only because i thought i was talking to mah little sis, but actually i was taalking 2 mah mom   oops sorry mom!"
"i are sooo stpid,i thought whales lay eggs!"
im dying!!!!!!!!!    yaaaay    death        and and and and and and and and and aaaannd        yaaaaaaaaaay      im dying!!!!!!!!!!!!!     huh oh no i just died 
et phone home!
blood! smile 
i'z like purple jelly beans!!!
"i feel it deep within, its just beneath the skin, i must confess this i feel like a monster!"
"leaving for da beach 2morrow,cant wait!!!!"
"just got back from da beach yesterday! ya it was gr8 the water was wonderful, the sand was    uh, <propfirst>, and the lifegaurds, were tan and buff!i found so many shells,and a starfish, and my mom got stung by a jelly fish! ya    so    it was great!      except getting sun burned head to toe! : ("
"nowhere to go, i'm not leaving, not going, i'm not kissing you goodbye  on my own i'm nothing, just bleeding, i'm not kissing you goodbye "
"we are the light in the tunnel, we are the living and dying, see how we are alone in the world, we are the light in the tunnel thats all "
"i ! are eating red jell-o       and! it tastes <propfemale> fantasticly wonderful, i are going to die!"
i are going to da beach 2morrow! i are soooooo excited!
"hmmmm      oh yeah! guess wat i'z saw seal at da beach! it was just sitting right on the shore,it wuz sooo cute, but the lifeguard said it was gonna die  sad "
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !
purple bellybutton fishys!
vegas here i come !
"vegas was awsome! but extremely hot! we went 2 da top of the stratosphere tower and i freaked owt, yah i had a panic attack! and i went on dis roller coaster in state line, yah   that was da scariest coaster i have ever been on,nothing at six flags compares to that one!other than that it was fun, but next time i'z going in winter   smile "
parents are gone & i'z got da howse to mah self! yay!
"i am sooo freaking bored,everyone in my house is asleep, i have no one 2 talk 2 but my cat, and all he says is meow   sometimes i wish i could understand what he is saying    omg! i am talking 2 a freaking cat ! i think i've lost my mind !"
"without it all i'm choking on nothing, its clear in my head i'm screaming for something, knowing nothing is better than knowing at all  on my own"
people are stupid they should die
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh! my computer is being retarded   i want to sock it in the face!!!!! > sad 
goin 2 lancaster 2day   might be fun   might be a nightmare   will be hot!
watching batman the dark knight   the joker is hilarious      why so serious?
"can i tear open wide, take a look inside, are you pretty? can i get inside your mind, see what i can find, are you pretty? so just take off that diguise, everyone knows that ur only pretty on the outside "
u should go die!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! im pissed rite now!
"got back frum lancaster 2day, i wuz with mah cuz   had fun but 2 much drama!!!! and went rollerskating, and if you know me, it wuz a disaster, cuz im da clumsiest person in da world!    yup"
ugh! start skool next tuesday
arg! i are soooo freaking bored!!!! ble        bla       ble   ble       blah!
"okay! you wanna hear something weird, i was just sitting here on da computer being my stupid self and a freaking <propfemale> flies in my face! i ran out of da room screaming, and my mom looked at me like im retarded! lol i'z dont kno how that <propfemale> got in my house,but it scared the crap out of me and i still cant find it!"
ugh! i was stuck in traffic for 2 hours on the way home from bakes'! it was <propfemale> hot! as <propfemale>n as i got home i jumped in my pool   yup 
"i kno i should be asleep right now, but im in a really odd mood   kinda tired   kinda random   kinda emo   kinda   uh   uhmmmmmm    ugh, i fell like killing someone right now, or at least cutting their face off  ugh   i really hate my life   i wish i could just get inside my mind and rip out these emotions, or just simply fall asleep and never wake up   aaaaahhhhhhhh"
"bleh! yesterday was soooooo hectic, i had my first day of charter school, and it   pretty much sucked! i have to sit next to some weird smelly kid in history who is scared to talk to me and just stares at me like a freak, and i have to <propfemale> like 4 books and binders so my backpack is 50,000 pounds! ugh, and i had sooo much homework! school should just go to hell !"
"my stupid english teacher said my style is too distracting! if someone gets distracted, its their own fault! she also said i need to tone down my eyeliner! ugh,she is just jealous cuz she dont got style! > smile "
"if anybodyz wondering bout my profile pic, i am not serious, i was bored, it is just a joke!  smile "
omg! that weather yesterday was soooo creepy! i thought i was gunna get struck by lightning when i went to school (cuz of all my chains and necklaces)   i could have died! < sad 
"you were the first to say, that we were not ok, you were the first to lie when we were not alright  this was my first love, he was the first to go, and when he left me for you i was the last to know         i'll be the first to say that now im ok,and for the first time i've opend up my eyes  this was my worst love, you'll be the first to go, and when he leaves you for dead, you'll be the last to know "
there are so many idiots at my school !  sad 
"i was watching spongebob in <propmale> 2day, it was so funny!"
"i went 2 magic mountain on labor day & it was awsome! but i almost died  that one ride tatsu is soooo freaking scary, i screamed & closed my eyes the whole time  but x2 was awsome!   yay, fun!  laugh "
i love dat song by muse called undisclosed desires   laugh  its mah favorite!
ah   la la   blah blah     doo de da     annoyed 
"yesterday really sucked! i had to walk home from school, and my school is like 2 <propmale> away,with a ridiculously heavy back pack! and i had boots on, so it was soooo hot  <:  "
 smile   smile   smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  monsters! (r gud)
i are soooooo crashing frum a monster  sad 
"he wears his  love  safety pinned to his backpack, his backpack is all that he knows  shot down by strangers whose glances can cripple the  love  and devour the soul  all alone he turnes to stone while holding his breath half to death, terrified of whats inside, to save his life he crawls like a worm from a bird "
"i really feel like crap 2day, 4 sum reason i keep on getting sick, probably from lack of sunlight, i have been in the house alot lately, i need 2 get out b4 i turn albino, or something, i dont wanna be like that guy on the benchwarmers who is terrified of the sun!"
i wants a monster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well   i officially am done with monsters!
"dont mess with me right now, i am in the worst mood, if someone were to even look at me i swear i will give them the most evil look possible, and they will curl up in a ball cry  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i need my music!"
"i am so excited! i'z getting my hair dyed on toosday! i'z cant wait, its gunna look soooo awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"okay, i must be really tired cuz im sittin here listening to music and it looks like the fire from my candle is dancing to it    its kinda creeping me out   okaaaaaay candle please stop    come on u stupid candle, stop trying to scare me     it's still doing it     thats it im blowing it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"all my fam says i give really evil looks when im mad, but i dont kno what their talking bout!"
"i did it!!!!!!!!! i finally dyed my hair, it's like 2 shades away frum black, and it looks awesome ! i'z gunna post some pics 2morrow!  laugh "
"so give them blood, blood  gallons of the stuff, give them all that they can drink and it will never be enough  give them blood, blood, blood  grab a glass because there's going to be a flood "
"whew! i makin yard sale signs 4 dis weekend, and i thinks i accidentally got high off da sharpie fumes    i feels wierd   oooppsies!"
i feel like a monster!!!!!!!
"i just got glasses! and i look sooo retarded and nerdy, but at least i can see!"
"i am acting like a big kid, im sitting here watching spongebob and laughing hysterically, ha i will never get 2 old 4 spongebob     smile "
i brokededed mah hand trying to get ice cream   ooooouuuuuccccchhhhhheeeeeee!
"good morning    even though its not morning its like, 11 o'clock and i just woke up  it feels gud 2 sleep iiiiiiiinnnnnn ! and for once im in a gud mood, hope nobody ruins that  wink "
"ha ha ha    this is really random but i just thought of it in m head, that one guy on family guy who steals peoples scabs, and poops in the chimney   ha ha hes funnay !"
"well    that dog who showed up at my door is still here, guess we will have to keep him  smile  he really likes us!"
"i'z want to shoot skittles out of my fingers, dat wud be soooo awsome!"
you know what    i never noticed how extremely hot <propmale> way is   wink 
"aaaawwww crap! i  just got my report card and my dad is really pissed, cuz my grades r bad    well, time to get punished  wink "
 smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile   wink 
my froat hurts < annoyed 
school freaking sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"today so far, has sucked  sad "
is dead
he he      rootbeer!
"aww crap!! i got stung by a freaking <propfemale>, and now my finger is all swollen and it hurts < annoyed  ouuuuuuucccccchhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
ima gonna kiiiillllls you!
''but i never really meant to die!''
off to algebra!   yuk x(
just got home from algebra    saw a lady with a mullet today !
"i just got done playing 1, 2, and 3 of <propfemale> is dead    a really scary game, and kinda messed up  the 3rd one is the hardest one    very disturbing    play it  wink "
life    sucks !  sad 
"ahhhhhhhhh    i just had the most sour thing on earth, i put it my mouth and immediately spit it out  it made my eyes twitch & everything    yyyuuuuuuccccckkkkyyyyyyyy ;p"
dis iz gunna sounds weird but    newborn babies scare the crap out of me
yyyyyyuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkyyyyy    i was ridin on my quad and i swallowed a buggy ah eeeeeewwww    yucky    usgusting   nasty!
woooooohoooo! i just downloaded escape the fate's new album and it rocks!    but i cant figure out which song is my favorite  laugh 
nom nom nom rice crispy treats!
my brain is moving inside my head!!!!!!!!!!
na na na na na na na na na na na na!
answer this truthfully    what did you think when you first met me?
from this day on i no longer will be on facebook    sorry < sad 
im soooooo tired of my parents telling me i wear too much black!
"eeerrrrgggg! im in a bad mood right now, i feel like ripping someones face off      he he i like bunnies      stfgdfdxfzfgfjrsreswsghjhiuhgfswasx         aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh        balloons! what the hell is wrong with me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"today is 80s day at my lil sisters skool, i dressed her up  shes so cute, all decked out in 80s gear, i gunna post a pic <propfemale> she gets home, she looks awesome!"
"i cookeded dinner, and and and it actually tasted gud , yay im sooooo happy, everyone ate it with out puking!!  laugh "
"woo hoo ! i downloaded my chemical romance's new album before the release date, and im soooooooooooo happy     i love mcr !!!!!!!"
sssssssnnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooowwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!snow
"ouch! i just stapled my finger, ahhhhhhhhhh    it hurts and theres blood, eeew my finger is all bloody, ahhhhh bloody finger!"
bleh
"i think i hyper, ive had 4 cans of mountain dew, and i accidentally called a tootsie roll a toe nail, my sis iz laughing hysterically  and im seeing dots"
"guns dont kill people, uh uh  i kill people, chk chk, with guns  laugh "
"got back from lancaster, visiting my fam, had lots of fun & went skating and shopping, got a mcr tshirt and now i very happy    feelz gud 2 b back in tehachapi !"
destroya !!!!!!!!!
"ugh i cant wait 2 b back at ths cuz this school sucks, everyone there iz stupid, theres no awesome people ( except me ) and i miss everybodyz !"
i have up syndrome !
why iz everyone changing their profile pics to cartoons ?
"ugh, i had to go 2 a freaking docter to talk bout my mental issues aahhhh, why must i be this way, i hate being depressed and angry and happy, and everything at the same time it sucks  i dont wanna take meds i hate them < annoyed     > sad       smile     < smile "
"i just got these new meds, and they are horrible  i took them last night and all i can remember is my mouth being completely numb and feeling really druged, everything after that is a blur  its also taken me until just now to recover ugh but i feel like crap now"
goowd  night = )
"this sucks! my new meds have gelatine in them, and im vegetarian, what to do!?"
"hmm, i should go to bed but im just too tired, you kno that feeling when ur so tired that you just cant sleep ugh  :  "
munch-in' on some popkorn & watchin tosh 0 ~ what a wonderfully awesome combination  wink 
blah blah doo <propfirst> daa    i got my math final 2 morrow    im scared ! 8-o
i jumped off the top of the stairs and really freaking hurt  myself x (
argggg i gots sick d  smile 
"i cant believe 2010 is almost over, it seems like it was just 2009  now i gotta actually start workin on my education, and work on gettin my drivers licence, and   think what ima do bout a job so i can buy a car and and aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh, i change my mind, i dont wanna grow up anymore !"
 love 
<\\3
"being on homeschool has really changed me, now im just  really quiet and boring, thats completely opposite of what i used to be, nobody would even recognize me anymore   "
"my vacation is ruined, im getting really sick, im coughing up blood and losing my voice    how ''wonderful''"
"school work ~ doing it is the easy part, the hard part is finding the *motivation* to get it done   "
*snow *
"had an okay day at school, didnt see that creepy stalker kid (or should i say giant) so that wuz good, i hope to get this school year over with asap, so i can goes back to ths"
"whoo hoo    i'z had a monster 2 day, and i'z feel gooooooood !"
"my headphones broke    aww, now i have to listen to people today d :<"
the new disturbed video is freaking scary!
"soooo    its saturday, and im bored, hmm    what to do    i need to get a freakin life !"
the fog is creepin' in    o o
everyone in this world is crap!!!!!!!!!
"~advice~ guard your  love  , and dont let anyone get inside and hurt you , because the pain and suffering leaves scars that stay with you forever   "
i just discovered the best smoothie on the planet !    pomegranate+banana+blueberry+ strawberry = yummieness  playful 
"i just made the best home made mama mia marinara sauce and tortellini, and im surprised, it tasted like real italian made it, and im not even italian!"
"it will all be over and here we are\we're stuck inside this salted earth together\you pierce my lungs my limbs go numb\as my colors fade out you watch me bleed\you watch me bleed"
i had    a suck-ish day  annoyed 
i hads a monsteeeeeeer ! ahh ha ha ! watch out world ! > laugh 
blood blood blood blud bloody blood blood blooooooood     ha if you keep sayin this it doesnt even sound real ! lol im so retarded     bb ll oo oo dd !  laugh 
"had a great time in lancaster with my cousins, it made me realize how much i miss them, and how much we've grown, i luv ya guys !!!  love "
"bleh, my sis and i have been sick all day, she puked all over the bathroom, and i think ima start throwin up too yuky ! <propfemale>, why, why  must you get me freakin sick! < playful "
"ugh    i was soooooooo freaking sick last week, i was puking all night, i even fell asleep on the bathroom floor, it was horrible    i will never eat nachos ever again nor will i drink orange soda    but i all better now !  smile "
"aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! i have to go gets my blood drawn 2morrow, and im ascared of needles uuuuuhhhhh scary ! they are gunna steal my blood from me, thats not fair its mine!!!!!!!  surprise "
"i have been up since 4 this morning doing homework, and now im tired, ugh, i need a monster "
"just 4 more months of sophomore year, i cant wait 4 <propmale> year !"
"im gonna b up all night, yes    i had a monster o o"
"i freakin hate the dentist ! my dad did not tell me what they were gonna do, and i go in there and they hooked me up to this gas thing and start shoving needles in my mouth and drillling and the gas made me feel all loopy and retarded, and after that my whole freakin mouth was numb! it was a horrible e playful erience !"
"1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a week \2nd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only)\4th person to like my status - can choose my profile pic"
¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ sp?o? u?op ?p?sdn '?oo? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?????u?op ?p?sdn ????? u?? ? ¡ ????? s??
woo hoo ! parents are gone and im home alone !    too bad i have nothin 2 do     annoyed 
im gonna be 16 in a week & a half ! i just realized that   
"we went to that one sports bar, legends, and it was packed ! the game was great, but the food was crap   "
"uuuuuuugggggghhhhhh     i hate history, its so boring i have to write this dumb essay on how ww2 changed the world, and i waited until just now to do it & its due tomorrow!!!!!"
"     i had the weirdest dream last night,  me and my dad were lost in the woods & a wolf was trying to kill us, and there was some guys dancing around a tree and singing, so i had to kill one of them and rip one of their arms off and throw it so the wolf would <propmale> after it and we could escape, but when we got out of the woods we were at a skate park and we turned into little fishies    weird huh !"
i gots a monster!!!!!!!!!!!!  wink 
diabolical !
"betrayed one more time, but somewhere down that line, you're gonna get whats coming to you  look at me now  look at me now !  love "
"like a ghost, you slept in my bed \and i fell while you tore through my neck \when i awoke, you were already dead \those eyes, i'll never forget "
ha ha tosh 0 is my favorite! lol i love it ! i cant stop laughing ! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahh! i am so sick of those <propfirst> bieber commercials ! it sickens me!!!!!!! he needs to go die!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! d :<
i like being a person    purple                         beach              ball         cheese       towls              brontosaurus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so freakin' hyper!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i dont wanna go 2 skool 2morrow < sad 
off 2 dumb stupid skool i go  > sad 
woo hoo im gunna be 16 tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"well, we went 2 pick up my lil sis, and the truck ran out of gas so we had to walk home in the coldness & now im fweezing !"
"aaaaahhhhhh! i just died, my fav band is comin 2 bakersfield!!!!!!!!!!! & im gunna go see dem!!!!!! yeah!! super duper stoked ! > laugh "
na na na na na na na na na na na na na!!!!!!!!!!!!
"don't mind us we're just spilling our guts\if this is love i don't wanna be loved\you pollute the room with a filthy tongue\watch me choke it down so i can throw it up!!!  love "
"i am going insane right now, my legs are having seizures and i'm hallucinating    what the hell is wrong with me?????"
"ehh     now i really hate the dentist, today they had to fill my cavities and they didnt numb it enough so i could feel everything the needles the drills everything! i was in so much pain i passed out while they were doing it, it was one of the most horrifying e playful eriences i have ever had      the only good part was the gas they put me on, i felt like i was floating!!!!! o o"
"we booked our flight those years ago\i said, \i love you\"" as i left you\",0ac2323bb92a31653f5264fbe1499d29,"it's cold, so why aren't the embers falling from the stars?\i can see your face, so why aren't you with me in my arms?\i'm becoming numb, i can barely hold up my own hand \but i can still feel you here, while the world begins to fall apart \while the world begins to fall   love "
"i cant wait 4 my escape the fate t shirt 2 b here, i have been waiting 3 weeks for it, im gonna b pissed if it gets here and its the wrong size or something!!! > sad "
"retarded snow, why did it come on the weekend, why couldnt it have come on a school day why why why??!!!!!!!!!!"
yay! my shirt finally came! i  love  escape the fate!!!
"yay goin skating 2nite, i cant wait 2 see my cousins!!!!!!!!!  love "
"bleh, not looking forward 2 skool 2morrow, i got cahsee testing  sad "
i cut my hair      short!!!!!!!!
"i immerse myself in sick reflection   \i shut my eyes and once again the pleasure strangles me \i taste the tears of sweet indulgence, pain and fantasy \oh, the visions inside my head   \the emptiness will haunt you   \sanity is slowly slipping from my hands now \i'm standing closer to the edge than i should be allowed \oh, what little regret i have   \does that make me a killer? love "
"ugh, stuck babysitting  sad "
"''i'm gonna get a pillow case, and fill it up with bars of soap, and beat the crap out of you with it \"",2011-03-16 23:16 smile 7""",0ac2323bb92a31653f5264fbe1499d29,its freakin' snowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
ugh   sickness > sad 
im losing mah voice really bad!!!! < sad  me dont likey 
oucheeeeee x( im sun burned   waaaaaaaa !!!!!!!!!!!!
"well    tonight i will no longer be vegetarian, im gunna eat me some hot wings!!!!!!!   its been 7 months since i've eaten meat    im scared!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh dd"
i couldn't do it   
<propfemale> testing   bleh!!!!!!!
"i am really starting 2 hate facebook, it just keeps on changing (in a bad way)  theres too many ads, and retarded pop ups and it just keeps on getting complicated  why do they have 2 ruin it!!!!!!!!!!"
"ugh, stuck @ the dentist  my dad has to get some work done & i am just sittin outside bored as heck!!!!!!!!! :-\\"
