98f0da729b30c9b0ed3c9547930c9dac
"hey people, what's up? anyone got anything fun going on?"
"so i saw the sixth sense finally  such a long wait, it was so fricken     !    i mean, ok, it sucked   playful "
"so i've heard \12 monkeys\"" and \""neighbot totoro\""  taking a poll for must see movies! ^ ^\",98f0da729b30c9b0ed3c9547930c9dac,"anyone know a good site for tattoos? i'm looking for tribal  forearms and back  possibly a shoulder, but doubtful  -- also for anyone around the k-town area, who's a good tattooist?"
hum  told i might go roller skating today  i'm a so bust my arse on the ground  *grin*
huh  found some of my old drawings  i forgot all about them  i need to get back into that stuff  uploaded a few tho!  playful 
since when does the army require 15 college creds if you got a ged? heh 
i want to go swimming! someone get me dressed and take me  i'll pay for the coney dogs  promises  ^ ^
"i have developed a new excercise plan! simply paint out doors in 100+ weather and climb over all creation for the course of a week  ten pouns lost, garenteed! if anyone wishes to subscribe to my special weight loss plan, please forward me a message     and take over for my shift   playful  i'm tired "
"i feel like i'm in theater there is so much drama this week   annoyed \\i'm taking a few days out people  there comes a time when words and smiles from anyone just make things worse  just going to     chill in my little corner and poke people away with a stick "
"ativan, you are my friend "
"in soviet russia, road forks you!"
headed north from alabama to indiana  8-9 hour drive  woo!
my truck had a melt down  don't know if i'll be able to make it up to indy  hum 
"heh  talking on the phone, step on a nail, and fall off the porch  lots of lulz at 10 at night   laugh "
"you know you're a redneck when your weed-eater isn't working fast enough  so you go and get a saw-blade and attach it to it  ^ ^\\rev, rev, so much fun  heh heh "
"trip to birmingham was an adventure! got lost, gps bitchin', but finished off with some lamb and cucumber sauce  that stuff made the whole trip awesome  ^ ^"
good times getting out of the house and hanging with people  s surprise oo much better than eatin' chips and doing whatever   playful 
"<propfemale> to midnight concert, then retiring to xbox all night with buds  wooo! i'm so drained        i want a taco  anyone else want a taco? hit like "
what makes me laugh? when people drive in the other <propfirst> to avoid hitting you when you're walking       on the sidewalk 
phaser eye surgery!      heh 
