6b67b149147f819c03997407c44817fb
getting a haircut every weekend blows cock
ah good dude i havnt been working out as much as i should be   and im trying my ass off to get back into it   its hard with no workout <propmale>   but im good got really fucked up this weekend so it was nice    i run more then anything now  im prolly gonna st
lol misstype 
"<propfirst>, best friend  r i p  bro "
well well <propmale> youd be happy   google is making a os <propmale>  smile 
"14+ hour shift, fuck yeah o o''"
20 hours as of nao  hell yeah 
come along and go   along with me  
just got off work  fml
just got off work and i hate life 
went to the gym today   smile 
bored as fuck  sad 
is so damn hungryyyyyyyyy
just made his phone a mobile internet source  is this win? yes  big fucking win 
up for   30 hours as of now  ? woo!
ordered some beef jerky off line   at beefjerky com!
"hates my job with a passion  i cant work 3 days of 12 hour shifts, then go back to 2 days of 8 hour  all fucked up working opposite hours"
hooyah   for the marines    troubled 
is making his phone fucking aesome   surprise 
 annoyed !
"oral sex, everybody wins!"
just downloaded     muse - the resistance!
"doesn't know how to feel after hearing that   kinda wish it wouldn't have happened   but i guess everything happens for a reason, well get though ir bro  i got your back even though ur like 1500 <propmale> away "
hahahah got what was commin to you 
is going to upgrade his computer to a corei5 6gb of ram and a p55 mobo very soon!  laugh 
hahagah!!
"its 6 23 in the morning im awake, bored and yeah   did i say bored?"
;;;;;;;;;;;                i hate people so much 
bah!
"! very happy, got his system up and running! intel corei7 920 2 6ghz nehelm, asus p6t v2 deluxe, 6gb mushkin ddr3 ram  laugh !! yay!"
"only works 4 hours today, smile !"
lol im getting a free version of windows 7?! wtff!! this is fucked up yo!
;  really sick shit about now   ready to go home  annoyed 
really bored    text me? i got a 12 hour work shift tonight thats gonna be long and boring! 810 623 3702
is waiting on his windows 7 party package  
"just opened his free copy of windows 7 32 and 64 bit, and is very excited  smile  it came with windows 7 playing cards table mat  napkins and a windows 7 puzzle     lol mirosoft u still amaze me  "
mom's always right  
 annoyed 
hates windows  playful  right now due to the fact of microsoft being very gay with me  and caps 
fresh fresh eggs i love you i love you like the sky above! eggs are the best!
taco belll wants <_---------------------- 
is now running on windws 7 ultimate  smile 
 smile  found a huge and amazing bug in windows 7 and is very happy with it 
 confidential  is sleep deprived!!
celluar phone soundin a death tone!
new slayer = win 
"hated the <propfemale> corps birthday    esp  being their youngest \marine\"""""
thanks everyone for the happy b-days  smile  means alot 
im so hardcore i play css in cammies 
"cant sleep, and is mad because he has to be up by 6 30  annoyed !!"
"my town, my home   lets get it onn~ ®_®"
its snowing  fml
working out then doing mcmap isnt the best mix of things to do  
"ram 3 <propmale> today,  annoyed  gotta run more  alot more     annoyed      "
comes home next sunday the 20th!
: sad  = spider sucking ur blood and selling to the blood bank of sex with orfan boys and tite asses to make poopey blood with pure blood this is why we love <propmale> stokes   annoyed  
"my laptop just took a mega shit on me, im so pissed off "
fuck the snow  
my flight is canceled atm   really mad 
fml flights still canceled     wanna go home  annoyed 
1 day    left   and im home   finally 
im home       smile  and in bed with the old lady  troubled ''
misses home   and wants to go back 
2 years    11 months left  fml 
is about to buy a goddamn netbook     troubled '
rifle ranged is <propmale>   fml
rifle range  blows 
<propmale> jacknie needs to wow it now 
throwback mountain dew  made with real sugar   old skool chyeaa - -'
seven
off the rifle range today fuck yeah
wat d00d
i fucking hate the goddamn people at my job  holy shit get your shit strighted out and do your own fucking job stop relying on me you fucking pos
getting ready to go into work  fuck you 
at work fuck you more 
"i love this record, but i cant see stright anymore   troubled ~!"
i love my little hamster  love  (hamster: <propfemale>)
going roller blading   fuck yes i havnt done this in years 
hates the marinecorps
12 hour shifts     hello sleep!
swim qual    4 check  i'm still alive! yessss!
"pow! 1 to the head, now you know hes dead!"
working for 12 hours    
got ignored tonight    annoyed 
at work at 5 surprise 6 am sucks    sad 
"just made the switch from firefox, to google chrome   and i must say    google chrome has passed firefox in <propfemale> many ways  "
cuz     i was born to destroy you       and i'm growing by the hour  
fuck you 
deadbeat 
"gym, here i come "
its gonna be one of those weekends          
"off to okinawa, japan i go    sad "
best day at the gym everrrrr
"do you think that nate baker can run a mile without stopping? no, ok who the fuck answered this fuckin shit faggots?"
>_>'' is bored today 
   sigh fml 
best nap    ever
work   is hell this week   im going to die 
"ahh web orders, 3rd maint bn 3rd mlg okinawa japan   surprise "
bored as fuck 
work makes you free    
its one of those kinda days   goddamn
i play css in my cammies cuz im cool   annoyed 
wow wings   already 2-0   way to suck 
get the shitty rookie out of the net  
roomate = fml  i hate it
"i thought about doing it   but nahh, you most likely too busy to deal with it "
"finally got my medical appointment, i only had to walk in there and demand one   annoyed     "
"3-1 wings, keep it goin!!"
checking out    rocks   laugh !! woo about time
jackpot    on waffles! woot!
"fucking gross  my roomate has the worst smelling feet ever  i want to choke him with talcum powder and bleach  but i cant because hes like   im gay and cant afford it cuz im a pfc, fucking dipshit"
so the snake head fish   its pure brutool  i want one 
"also, what movies should i get?"
nothing is like it use to be   and its kind of sad to see it   like almost sickening   
ur broke   no money but you can buy shit? what the fuck 
pokemon rom ftw
up at 4 surprise 0am for missing bullets   im tired   mad     annoyed  fml 
sigh  
"to everyone who read what i had said about cassnadra   about her being with someone else was  false, and i had said it out of anger and i would like everyone to know that  just to get the point across  thats all i have to say about that "
"gym, chest  motivated "
b b b b bored!
gym tomorrow   9am  whoop whoop  ~_~
mmmmmm     sushi!!
blarg    annoyed  yeah  bleh 
i've found out what i want to go to college for   >_>'' schooling looks very promising!!
"gym, do work "
i drink water because it hydrates me
packing   for japan cuz i have to
this is the point from witch ill die or succeed
really bored   nothing to do at all 
draining the computer in about an hour    going to hate doing this 
"lets promise to never go back on our promise, but ill have to be honest ill be breaking that promise "
had a good day today  
"i'm gonna pick the world up, and drop it on your fuckin head!"
hello japan     ; 
this time diference blowwwwwwws so much lol its 12 noon here lol  
"first japan paycheck, well well im quite happy    lol"
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart  you keep the sunshine  save me the rain    "
wow   let me see omc     my unit  we got jap nationals  they do all the work  i have a retard ssgt whos stupid  this unit is worse then good ol quantico   and thats really saying something 
"it is 728 days, 3 hours, 32 minutes and 41 seconds until friday, june 15, 2012 \\go !! go!! goooooooooo"
some things    just dont change do they? or will they ever   i highly doubt it 
dont get bitter
"ive been treated like dirt before you, love is evil  spell it backwards, ill show you  amazing lyrics from eminem's new cd"
"bored, in japan  fml"
is looking into the stock market    hehe  smile  smile 
i'm the thumb tac you slept on son 
"admit you've got a problem, shut up and do something about it "
"be more concerned with you character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are   "
"theres a 6 disk cd change in every car, and im in every slot   and your not "
"cuz some thing just dont change, it better when they stay the same it shouldn't be difficult to e playful lain but it is fuck em all tell em all eat shit, here we go again!"
"so   i was gonna get a phone, but nah, youre all 12 hours ahead of me  so nvm  playful "
"no body knows me, im cold i walk down this path on my own, its nobodys fault but my own "
"let the schooling commence! i'm now getting tons of e-books for my educational purpose  smile  a+ certs, microsoft server cert e-books, linux e-books"
"oh amazon kindle, youll be my hero here in japan!"
"you can never break my stride, you cant break my pride "
"good morning japan, i shall do nothing at work today!"
i hate you  i really do 
"$34 01 per ccnp study guide book     about 10-34$ per kindle book, kinda worth it seeing the paycheck in 2 years  smile "
"first ccnp book downloaded to kindle-pc, quite exicted  about 9,000 pages of useful reading  "
"if i get brunt, im gonna show ya whats its like to hurt!"
"no one can beat me now! you try it is gonna be them doors, i do it for me only "
"its quicker to count the things that are wrong with you, than to count the things that are right! haha!"
"just bought another kindle book  im going to be so busy! but its a great feeling  i have goals and a life plan, im ready!"
"i aint on no conquest for no mate, what the fuck does it take? the door shuts in your face i wont be making a mistake!"
i'm too good with money and with life situational bullshit fuck  i amaze myself 
"you're a good catch, with a shitty spouse"
i'm awesome and your just aw-stuck!
"i cant tell you what it really is, only what it really feels like  i love the way you lie  i love the way you hurt  it makes me feel great about it all "
"works boring, theres nothing to do  time to skate? yeah "
"on lunch, work sucks today     going by awkwardly slow  sad "
back to the grind  only a bit more left till im free i can see the light 
"standfast facebook \\lcpl baker <propmale> r\om co  hansen\unit 38428\fpo, a p  96604-8428"
"notes, notes, notes    and more notes  its nice   im learning for once in 2 years  thank god "
"you ran me in to the dirt, i dont need you no more, what goes around    comes around"
swimming whoooped my ass today   i gotta do it more lol
"off to work, to do   nothing"
"work, i did nothing  ; "
i'm the american dream 
man it feels like these walls are closing it   this roof    its caving in! whoop time to raise it again!
i larp marines  feels good man 
"and people do not change they only alter themselves to fit your needs don't e playful ect anything from anyone but your family, as they will always be there for you  never settle for less than what you yourself is worth "
"lcpl baker <propmale> romc hansen unit 38428 fpo ap 96604-8428\\i has an address"
field day sucks ; 
needs to get back into the gym   shits lookin good  confidential 
last day of the week   then i got the beach this weekend   fuck yes
i'm also the opposite of what you are and what you like 
"the bullfrog fucks you up so bad, then add the mojo bowl god   im ripped "
it doesn't make you a bad person either   but since i am human   i am good and bad as well  i try my hardest to stay good    but some of the things i say my be good or bad   but i also don't respect you  
okinawa beach  = bomb best time of my life 
"you can't do it yourself, your too weak  you can hate me or you can hate yourself  im not afraid "
im so burnt fml 
so you can keep knocking   it wont knock me down 
study study    keep it rollin
"i might be there   i might not be, its going to depend on you and how you are  otherwise i cant tell you anything, ive played my round   its on you  "
"bored, got all my things i need to get done already     now its the rest of the day to relax i guess  "
dont fight the feeling of somethin so organic 
i love the way you lie 
hes going to need plastic surgery when im done with him  realize what you did 
im afraid if i close my eyes i might see her  shit 
oh how gay amazon    now the kindle is 189$     i paid 250 for mine   damn it
pt at 5 30   gonna go runnninnnng!  sad 
you may be gone but your never over       i want a goddamn deployment  please god send me somewhere soon
 sad  you suck japan pt  go away 
"one thing i love   is mom is always right, being a mommas boy has some of the best perks of everything  "
"humidity, sweat, pain   shit sucks but someone has to do it   lol"
"me: fuck\valon : dude your getting trolled\me: aww shit son  "
"at work, bored   learning how to drive a hmvv  annoyed "
you can't have the best of both worlds  so you have to pick one   smile 
hopefully times flys by so i can get home   and get on with my life  work is just wasting my time it blowssss
wensday is gonna suck   lol work still sucks   even though i got to work on some 240's today  laugh 
its time   for the gym   smile 
the gym was so epic   god i feel alive 
people need to grow up   there are more things to life then most think there is   one day when they look back theyll see it and be like fuck  
pt was brutally fun   lol if thats even possible  
one day little one   your mind will grow up   one day   smile 
work is so slow and sucks today
finally seeing   you wont grow up  
"work sucked so much today goddamn, and tomorrow its gonna be worse    sad "
"keeping my word, and my pride   and my honesty   its something im best at, unlike you "
pro skate today at work   lawl
hey omc get more gay please  god 
omc get more gay omg
;  cft at 530 tomorrow  
4 hours of sleep   fuck this place 
cft whooopppeedd my ass!
"work isnt fun, i wanna go back to the united states  "
"why is it that   every step i take forward, you take like 2 or 3 back??"
pt pt everyday       fuck no i hate you pt    goddamn it  too early!!
pt was a joke hah! this is funny   what a waste of time!
"phone this weekend, excited as hell about it! i can text people fo free woot!"
another depressing day at work   lol  troubled '
hopefully i can study tonight  
"the weekend, thank god   i need a break from the hell hole i call work   lol"
i never thought id eat salad with chop sticks 
gah   i dunno  troubled ' tired as fuck  bored   fml 
"i'm passing them out now, and you cant have them "
"new running shoes, inbound   smile  yay  smile "
i have a strong urge for pancakes   at 11 pm ;   
"ho <propfemale> voglia, <propfemale> voglia di    parlare con te    <propfemale> tu arnt lì quando ho bisogno di te   "
my job is a joke   when can i start doing a real job? oh wait april of 2012  lol :e
"enjoy ur fireworks <propfemale>, ill stay in japan ; "
"its a wonderful place, for you      not for me  "
"being here   makes me mad, when do i get my freedom?"
did you forget to take your pill? because your idea and requests  they arnt what you can meet   yous crazy bitch!
such a shitty day   fuck japan 
"holy shit, japan you are so boring "
this armani shirt is rather comfy if i do say so myself!
i think about more then i forget  
"you can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks, or even months over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what would've, would've happened    or you can leave the pieces on the floor "
"gym, yes please  thank you "
dream as if you'll live forever   
has some of the best damn friends in this world 
"battle-skate tour today, lots of pictures, lots of skating "
i'm cursed so never mind 
"most of all, i'm sorry for not being sorry anymore "
"friday, 675 days   so long, but so short   please come faster, work today  gonna suck  gear inspections   ect  fml "
"if i fall down, i better hit the ground running  i did "
"my helmet, is gonna cost me $692 99   "
the gym is the only peace i have on this island   
"you know, you should speak the truth, even if your voice shakes "
"bitch, i do this for the sport only "
each day feels longer and longer out here   damn when is it gonna end?
"you won't even listen, so fuck it "
wants his  zx-6r!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now! damn it 
"swimming whooped my ass, days been good so far though  smile "
"happiness came today, she called herself the    amazon kindle   smile "
"\it's never too late to become what you might have been\"""""
30 mins of sleep  2 hours of hardcore pt  8 hour work day  looks good today 
"i need a good book to read, any suggestions?!"
"barrack duty today, gonna suck!! cant even use the laptop here  sad "
7 shots of novocaine    for 1 cavity    they are a bit extreme here    my mouth has been numb since 9 am   fml
guilt is anger directed at ourselves    
today     i did something i never thought i would  i ate raw horse      to my surprise its rather good   
"<propmale> valentino, officially beats armani  thats my new suit company!!"
"11 pm at night, sitting in an armory  gotta love the marines   lol"
"\it is <propfirst> jacknidual-fanned geisha and you are not prepared\""  -valon jakupi  this just made my night """
tattoo number 3 in planning drawing woot!
moar drawing today!!! shits gonna be eepiiccccc also a very big tattoo! i still cant decide were to put it!
"okinawa may suck, but im having a semi-good time  "
if i had a bullet for everytime you lied to me    there would be no one left alive 
new kicks in    vibram 5 fingers bikila    smile  excited! running time!
"5 41 am in japland, long day of work ahead of me  or should i say    nothing? lol yep  hopefully it goes by fast i wanna crawl my lazy ass into bed and sleeeeeeeeep"
boring day at work   boring week   boring field op next week  darn! lol
"off work at noon, thank god  field op hitting off this weekend, its ganna suckk"
"herp derp, field op starts on sunday    troubled ' i dont wanna go rolling in a stationary humvee!! oh nooo!"
"all so clear to me, no regrets nothin but a clean slate    nothin but freedom! so far  but so close to me "
"a family of trees wanting, to be haunted!"
"gonna go play <propfemale>, be back in a week   annoyed  lol"
just got done playing <propfemale> all week  woo!! it wasnt too bad lol besides the typhoon type winds!! lol
oh some people are so funny 
a job is just a job  
"we thought we left home, but we never departed "
"so far today work has been hell, id rather get ran over by a car then return to the shop   sad "
"so ive found my reason why im in the marines, i think its valid   im happy with my answer   i rightfully deserved it   lol"
what stops so many of us from making a commitment is our fear that once we make a choice we have to close the door on all the other options  choosing doesn’t limit choices—it just changes them  think about that one!
"ohh god, jungle warfare training   i might have to do it to kill chickens and goats and live like a fucking crazy fuckers for a week again   thoughts? lol"
i'm narcoleptic    troubled '
"151 and jeager, whats gonna happen tonight   "
broken internets!!  sad  lol
"its 530 am in japan, its raining and <propfemale>  oh wait thats everyday! lol got the gym today it couldnt come sooner!"
pieces of shit    at work who wouldve thought that was possable     ; 
i just got my smallpox shot   fml 
ight duty for the first time since i joined the marines   and it feels great  my knee might actually get fixed!
back is almost healed  then right back to the gym! but as far as the knee   not so much    sad 
the crystals are forming faster than the earth is breaking  
its 12 30   in the afternoon and im getting ready to go drink at the bar   is there anything wrong there? i think not   smile 
drinking from 12 to 8 pm   oh man  
"i'm done drinking   its getting old waking up still drunk, so yeah   done with it i gotta change   gotta change "
"healed back, refreshed mind    sounds like the gym is calling me   smile  time to do work "
668 days till im freee!  laugh !
my sights are set on a black zx6r   smile !
smallpox: you itcchhhy!
"my vision would turn your world upside-down, tear asunder your illusions, and send the sanctuary of your own ignorance crashing down around you "
my new nintendo dsi is epic
"2 30 am, being at the armory yet again, the joys of life are so amazing out here on this rock "
i might get contacts   glasses are getting annoying 
"barracks duty on a friday, yes! i love it    but no really it sucks "
"oh man, oh man   i want a fucking cigar now   annoyed    and i dont want to go to work tomorrow "
"yakuza, your doing my tat "
typhoooonn hit this mutha fuckin island now!
looks like the <propfemale> typhoon moved away from us   fml  sad 
its gonna hit uss goooo typhoonn!
hello typhoon  you look fun today 
back to class    sigh  its too bored and easy for me    sad 
"mmmm    lifting   shower, then relaxing  good night "
"barracks duty, again, but it starts at 5 30    ;   taking more of the green weenie!!"
"barracks duty, i got my kindle with facebook acess and a unlimited ammount of books   im set "
you say the words   and my weapon is drawn 
another faggoty typhoon coming   hopefully this next one will have some power behind it  
why is water so good?
best back workout ever 
"another great day at the gym, tore the chest up!"
i'm just lighting up mah la la la    la  la  la  la!
"holy fuck, im bored "
630lb calf raises   315 squats   im a <propmale> bit sore! lol
is going to get a  green tree python when he leaves okinawa   
good friday morning for me   so far  lets keep it up!
315 deadlifts    yumm!
"chest is today, today is chest, i love the gym "
it was a great fucking night 
"nhl 2011, amazing   "
"tis' ass crack am  im awake, i'm cranky  slightly aggravated   but most of all i just want my nightmare to end   fucking armory's no one in the world should have to wake up at this hour of neverness  "
cannot find anything he needs for his tattoo   this sucks 
i'm searchin' for a future-the world's my aim 
lookin at leave in january   very excited  hopefully it goes though   lol
"shopping holister, on line   i need a change of clothing   lol"
"i miss the gym, a lot   i need to go back  goddamn work    stupid shit!!!"
"felt like a armorer for a bit this morning, had to fix 2 weapons   simply shocking i hardly remembed how to do my job, afterall    i just clean   not fix guns, what i was trained to do   "
whata fucking night   lol damn
i forgot who you were   feels good 
"just got back from bonten tattoo! oh man ive never been this excited about a tat    this is gonna be dope as fuck! going back next week for the offical drawing, design check!!!"
"work today, cg is gonna be there, typical general hatin "
beast in the gym flet fuckin amazing
"getting cut open    huuray! lo   around nov, early dec     should be fun    troubled "
"just because your breathing, doesnt mean youre alive, or that you really live "
"boring, tired   barracks duty blows  typical   saturday   gym, then nothing, sunday   tat appointment   very excited semi ok weekend "
mofugginnn gym   then nothing    damn
new iphone4    badass
"good night out, time for some nhl11 "
fuckin shit      choices goddamn
best nighr in oki yet  damnnn
lol funny day at work    ah i hate this place with a passion
got my ass beat at the gym    
"a morning of swimming laps, got my ass beat   lol tmo today! and fuckin barrack duty again!!!!! thank god its almost friday  i need my weekend "
helllooo tmo thankyou for my stuff!!
piss drunk at rock ametica fuck yeah
there are lies underneath the smiles  
sometimes   my mom spoils me way too much   i love my mom  smile 
"i wanna go fast, and be terrified    "
my tattoo is hugeee its so badass though! oct 5 th let it begin!!!!!
pos computer i hate it sometimes!
"computer fixed, cleaning the room up a bit, work tomorrow   then tattoo on the 5th, mega pumped for this outline    6 sessions   to go   soon 5 woot!"
"1 day till the huge tattoo, excited as hell!"
tat tomorrow at fuckin 7! yesssssssssssss
tattttooo you need to come faster!
getting inked wooo
i'm really gonna be feeling this tat tomorrow    troubled 
there is no reconciliation that will put me in my place 
finishing my outline tomorrow!! excited  smile 
"last day till my 96   also tat outline part 2 tonight, woot!"
tat outline pt2 wooo
"in some pain,  sad  oh well looks good, amidoinitirte?  playful "
"full stomach, tired, sore   aquarium tomorrow fuck yes "
to theee aquarium i goooo  laugh 
naha fest woooot!!!!!
naha fest is badass holy shit!!!!!
its going to be a shitty ass week   
gps class cuz i dont know were im goin on this island yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
"gym tonight, about fucking time "
life is too short to spend your precious time trying to convince a person who wants to live in gloom and doom  so fuck em 
"thursday, got nothin but a gps class and the gym "
"this week just ate shit, like i said it would      sad "
fuck mess night  goddamn it 
dress blues   gay long friday night  fuck yousmc
hell is finally over  thank god 
"yep yep, shit, shit  we're all here "
really wants to play hockey!
"its okay, we know your a loser still  nothing you do can change it!"
"cant sleep, bored    got work tomorrow don't wanna work at all i hate tuesdays "
how to train your dragon was thee best movie ever 
"as you think, so shall you become "
im like <propfirst> hawk    everyday when am i gonna get paid like him?
"man   im ready for leave lol   i miss home, and my friends "
"this fur wall is gonna be on my house, itll be like a wolverine!"
it would be the right thing to do    but i dont do that anymore 
"january for leave? yes? no? i'm not too sure yet! but i'll be rockin 30 days, i do know that!"
i guess i should just grow a spine and just do what i need to do 
oh fuck this day im so tired im in a good mood fml
went to kinser for nothing
"your lifes about to flash before your eyes, i promise you that "
i wanna do something but i know i shouldnt do it   but it temps me oh so much   sad 
"ugh long night, now time for a relaxing day "
"be honest, open and hoping you'll find the words to say  "
"ufc today, and gym  fucking win "
do you know your enemy?
sore from my slaughter workout today 
yumm 345 deadlifts   smile 
going to rage on someones life tomorrow  
oh cardio  this is gonna get really good really fast 
ordering contacts this weekend oh joy 
"ass beating at cardio, day 1   complete "
mri today finally gonna start to fix this weak body
off workkkkkkk relax then slaugghter fest at the gym
i want to be back in a normal time zone!!!!!!!!!!!!
weeekend were <propmale> thou??
"the crashing of white waves, another typhoon     "
"tcore 1 but im still going to work in a typhoon, awesome  annoyed "
thank you marines corps  for fucking my day off 
the flood gates will burst open 
"greetings, we are an infant species\\crawling, into our own, premature decline\\the north <propfemale> is chairing the meeting, he knows we're spoilt\\and he's sniggering at histories \\we can breathe in space, they just don't want us to escape\\we can breathe in space, they just don't want us to escape          "
"work till 6am, then work more  thank you typhoon  you rock my world"
at the good ol work still  smile  i love it   ha not 
slow down   let go    
ohh    goin back to work   again  thank you 
off fucking work  about goddamn time friday is here
"spaghettios, now all i need is milk! and ill be having a epic meal "
drunk ground fighting doesnt get any better 
"oh man what a night, 1 broken hand, and a submission   good night rofl   "
"hiit training today, then contacts    then a rough night  smile "
"hello gym, today i might not come out of you alive  just so you know "
contacts tuesday   woo!!
sore from the gym    damn legs 
"<propmale> over    1 correct this, 2  go slay bodies at the gym  3  i dont know yet "
i got dem waffles invites   if anyone needs one send me a message 
"bored, nothin to do   "
time to do second rate ab workouts with people who think its going to give them a six pack over their layer of fat 
fucking <propfemale> ball tomorrow lame 
boring <propfemale> ball   fml 
looong fucking night   damn 
"more ink this weekend, woot!"
contacts are fucking weirdddddddd
qhata boring day in my cage    
"hey everyone, thank you for the birthday wishes!!  laugh "
never been this tired on a friday   god damn
bored on a friday night  it sucks 
ink today fuck yesssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
getting inked woot!
ive never bled so much from a tattoo godddaayumnn
sore bleeding from the arm   going to bed    pz 
getting tuesday off   fuck yes!
forgot my phone in the armory   fml 
"day off, chillin woot!"
delts n' traps   tonight 
work @ 3am  fuck yes       
something about green cammies    makes me want to take a nap anytime im in them      smile 
anything can happen in the next half hour    
bored hollly shitttttttttt
misses home  
"slept <propmale> day, feelin good now   lol"
"egg nog night, yeah its one of those "
bored tonight    sad 
more ink today  smile 
been at work since 430   still here and its 1241   i think ill be here till aout 5 or 6 tonight    fuck yes!!!!!!!!
lvl 60 on stick wars   fuck yes!
oooh!! 12 hours spent here waiting on people! yess
i'm so honored to be at work for over 14 hours waiting on people who i dont like  this has made my month  by far   the best day of novemember!!!!! (not )
more choices don't always make us happier 
wide awake wtf!! i hate randomly waking up!
so fuckin bored @ work oh my god    there is literally nothing to do 
nhl 11 or bed  ? i'm not really tired right now 
knee surgery december 10th  woo  
i should be able to get to level 100 on stickwars today    smile 
ever get a flash back    were you get pissed because you bought something that costed so much? but in the end you never used the item you bought  ? yeah just happened 
such a fail day @ work again   geezzzuzzzzzzz
"we don't say black, we say murdered out  - <propfirst> "
"working late, like always "
disrespect your surroundings!!!
duty!! im tired 4 hours to go! wooo
"tired as fuck, but in a great mood!!!"
ah fucking hate shots!!!!
<propfirst> pilgrims is fucking amazing
"2 am, not tired   sad "
why is motogp so fucking badass?
"weeds, season 6  good morning "
weeds season 6 was holy shit amazing 
mondays suck lol
"todays going by fast, kinda nice  smile  bored as hell tho!!"
"wishing time would go by faster, i wanna be home and free! lol  "
morning workout was fucking amazing   sorta ready for the day ahead!
"korea, no one is going to do shit   fucking retards     \\on another note, i wish my fucking knee wasn't broken so i could actually do something other than rot on this fucking island "
"and you wonder why\no one can stand you\and there's no denying, \you were crying like a bitch!"
damn this island has so many immature people  holy fuck!
gran-turismo 5 is out   i want it now 
another boring day in japland  
"sippin on some vodka, missing the americans   and some peoples "
inception just blew my fucking mind to pieces   
"got more of my tattoo done, will upload some pictures when im done being lazy :e"
my whole weekend was hell   this week better produce something good  
im excited about homework    wat?
overload of networking data today !!
i got white friends   
this whole federal pay freeze thing pisses me off   the horrid president should take a pay cut himself   and his useless senators and congressmen 
when did networking get so dry?
so basically after my one tattoo is done   im starting my next one 
sushi for lunch is win 
"fucking dying in this networking class today  i gotta stuudy tonight  fml  surgery in a week, and leave in about a month hopefully woot "
559 days till freedom cannot wait 
13443   hours left on this shithole they call an island 
"i've changed a lot, i'm a lot more accepting to shit i use to hate, and i use to hate doing  i kinda like it "
one of the best nights in a long time!
win 
gt5 rocks   smile 
"bored at work, what a surprise   "
slowly going insane out here   
blah this place 
1 day till surgery  
crappy day already  annoyed 
my life just keeps on getting worse  hopefully   ill get hit by a car next week 
going under the knife today @ 12:10
"surgrey went good, no microfractur    so recovery will be fast    hopefully  smile "
wants to go home to the states     sad 
crutches suck so much  sad 
i tried so hard to be what you needed  
bored  sad 
"bored, ready to come home     sad "
"much has changed since the last time, and i feel a little uncertain now  "
"i'd burn the building, if i knew you'd die \and i pray you're a failure, and that you won't make it out alive!"
"is having some really fucked up dreams, its kind of weirding me out  "
"wants outta prison, pleaseeeeeeeee i wish you could get outta the marines, for good behavior  "
vodka   for dinner? yes 
"watching the social network, and drinking   its an okay night, could always be better    "
"such a boring day, and my knee hurts a lot today  sad "
the other guys was a funny fuckin movie 
had a really good night  smile !!
hey knee  get stronger  i wanna go back to the freakin gym 
is so addicted to minecraft 
  sad an't sleep:   sad 
wants to be home for christmas!  sad !
no sittin' at the table if you aint bringin nothin to it 
really wants some home baked cookies and brownies  now 
bored   annoyed 
home sweet okia-    wait     missing home and family during the holidays!
"happy holidays everybody, enjoy who you spend it with!!"
"<propfemale> gave me the gift to be alive and safe, as well as keeping all my fellow marines alive and safe  that beats anything youll ever get "
i hate you 
"so drunk   want food, but have none  sad !"
17 months  yes!
last day of work   then new years!! fuck yes!
wants to order some adidas originals    but they were sold out in my size color   so much fail  sad !
"you're a piece of shit, its funny to me!  smile "
"i ate about 2 hours ago, and i'm hungry again   sad "
"back to the grind, its a 4 day week "
"<propfemale> tired after work today, goddamn!!!"
"is tired, and i got a full 8 hours of sleep, wth man "
tat appointment   this saturday  smile  snakes getting done!! then one more after   then right after   itll be time to start planning the new tat! any ideas?
"workin late, holler    - -'"
going to get gassed out  annoyed 
i hate japan so much   their internet sucks the ultimate faggotry 
"just walk away, make it easy on us both\just walk away, there was never any hope  "
tat is finally done!!
at work    i have cold feet  its going to be a long day   sad 
breakfast sounds good  
"tired as hell, so glad its the weekend "
"i feel like a lizard, my tat is peeellllingg i hate it!"
"i miss my friends, feels bad man "
nooo! back to work tomorrow!  sad 
"can't get back to sleep, this sucks   sad !"
"funny day at work, this place is a joke now "
im just sayin    
i'm so nice its almost unreal 
finally got senses fail new album!!!
so   this facebook priate mode shit is hard as hell to read   troubled '
pineapple wine = the best 
submitted it    now i wait
good a m  workout  
just got murdered in the gym   laugh !
just got eminem's new cd wat 
take that pez dispenser and fill it up with pain killers  
"39 days, then we'll see whats up "
"updating the gym playlist, its off the hook !"
herp  steelers are gonna win 
"breezzyy day at work, so nice n easy"
"did that giant vampire toothed crab spider blow up into a million dolphins?\why yes, yes it did "
"i need to get some tattp ideas, the books dont help me any  sad "
working late makes me love my job  ( all sarcasm)
gym in the am? nothing beats it  
seeing awesome results from the gym is almost a better feeling than knowing your mom loves you 
fuck barracks duty
puppy bowl on animal planet is fucking cute as hell to watch 
hit the gym time 
25 days  hooolllerr!
man japan  you is bored 
"feel the burn! \\2 a-days son!\\maybe i'll get up to 3?!\\maybe i can quit smoking too?"
well    my monday is going to suck 
"today is the day, then 18 days left \\but whose counting?"
i'm so   sore  owwwwwww 
"i rely on myself just making sure that was clear i'm not in need of your crutches \i faced all my fears and i won what i knew i could have "
i dream of men running around my bed in tight leather clothes at night 
fuck duty shits gayyyy
"homeward bound, 466 days "
"my motto is live by the bottle, so    why is my supply low?"
apparently i'm fancy  
little amounts of effort and sacrifice equals little results   
taxes + paycheck in one day? yes!!! best paycheck yet   laugh !
gym time 
supersets lead the way 
"vision is purpose, and when your purpose is clear so are your life\choices "
"the gym was so cruel today, felt great  smile "
"people can no longer use \the military is a stable job\"" because its simply not anymore """
 smile  yep finally 
so fucking blackout drunk last night  
hello howell michigan  smile 
gym this fine morning  yes indeed!
"if you wanna <propfemale>, hit me up!! or msg me here or whatever~"
"hello book, \on killing\"" i look forward to reading you """
muse and reading  win session
not doin <propfirst> shit today   hit me up if you wanna <propfemale> 
"i guess words are a mothafucka they can be great\or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate   "
"gym, shoulders    traps  puttin in work, have you?"
cookin mo' fuckin! dinner 
nice try wings    sad 
"doesn't make sense, does it? homeless in the us go without eating  elderly in the us go without needed medicines  mentally ill in the us go without treatment  american troops go without proper equipment  american veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%"
squat till you puke!!!
gym with the sister   gonna beat her ass into the ground lol!!
i humbled myself and decided to learn instead of thinking i already knew everything 
"round two, something you just don't want to do \go dancing with the devil 'less you're wearing my shoes\you got nerve and i'll give you that\watch the world tumble while i sit on your ass!"
outline done  shits epic 
431 and counting down   thank effffing god!
you can't have your cake and eat it too   
"tattoo is donne, so damn sore   lol looks awesome though "
ah japan you are so ghey!
so fucking jetlagged oh my fucking god
swim qual is officially whooping my ass   i might not make it outta the pool alive today  fml 
i'm ready to go to another concert    annoyed  damn you japan!!!!
"pistol range today, hooah     annoyed "
duck tape and acid     hah fucking amazing monday night   so fucking <propmale> over 
"it takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it  if you think about that, you'll do things differently   "
i act like shit don't phase me     but inside it drives me crazy!!!
my liver hurts from last night  nota good sign! i guess i should just drink more? maybe itll go away?
ufc 129  happy 
fuckin beach!
