d03aeae3037c69cca88734a283ae00cf
"if it's not bifurcated, it's not coal!"
this is the fourth time i've told you!!! i don't sell chiclets!
"come to taco, taco, taco, taco, taco, taco, taco, taco, ta-co <propfemale> "
"granted, i don't check it very often, but sometime in the last two or three years, someone seems to have absconded with my underoos collection "
wanna see a pencil disappear?
tanqueray & tab
"<propfirst> d, r i p "
<propmale> dastardly
mild mannered mort meek 
black <propfirst> shellaq
"take all the trees, put 'em in a tree museum "
snagglepuss
"frau blucher!! nay, nay , nay"
"\fuck the doomed!\"" _ <propfirst> nixon"""
nova avon?
"what's more fun? saying phlegm, oor spelling phlegm?"
ooh la la sassoon
do you dish?
"i stumbled across <propfemale> sotomayor sending silly republican slinkies down the stairs of the dinkie democrats while they were slipping by their socialist friends on their way to the communist carnival  by the way, they all had mohawks "
<propfemale>
aren't analogies funny? kill!!!
ciecik <propfemale> ngo mbong  any ?'s
crazy cats 
pish posh 
may i please have five quayle's potatoes?
fleshy
dirty dingus magee
plan 9 from omaha leather & lace laundry room 222 
silversun pickups mix trucks & partical physics 
the tingler
and sleeping is highly overrated 
this one's for you mer    quo gratis!
sauerkraut + coffee = a mighty wind
crab paddle
blink 181
jumpin' jehosaphats!
gentle <propmale>
"i would've gotten away with it, if it weren't for those meddling kids!"
old folks & cow pokes & bike spokes
neuronimo!
nees & pindles                                           nins & peedles                  pins & needles
artichoke <propfemale> coke
"polk salad <propfemale>, the gators got your gr<propfemale> "
what does the word organize have to do with organs?
i cut myself on a sharp turn 
platypus with attitude = platitude
i like to scratch my itches from the inside 
"in order to tighten or loosen ones belt, one must change the size of ones pants "
"people without neuroses are boring, much like people without botulism are boring "
another spectacular day in cancun!
"    then, from beyond the red wave, i heard a faint, almost imperceptable squeak  if i hadn't been paying attention, i surely would have missed it "
"at once level and serene, now the undulations begin anew "
"so what if every other word was \dink?\"" wouldn't that be slightly annoying? i'm just sayin' dink """
"when both the temperature and the leaves are falling, and a boys fancy turns to ice skating, i can't help but thinking of <propfemale> phlegming "
"happy thanksgiving to all my fb friends, enemies, and miscellaneous!"
cold
"let that boy boogie woogie, because its in him, and its gotta come out!"
happy christmas & <propfemale> new year to all!
paphligamy is nothing more than a springboard to encourage paphligamists!
!raey <propfemale> yppah
blaupunkt
blank
nothing quite like discovering ya don't need all your toes if ya'll gots a snowblower valued at least the same price as a gallon of gas  my socks have breathed a sigh of relief  but they still are stuck surrounding my feet  wait! those aren't my feet!? arrgh!!! help!!
plastics 
dingos stole my baby 
"if it doesn't smell funny, it might be dangerous "
a
b
e
ar
ded
go
"as a simple aside    chumba wumba  no bacon, no cheese "
a
tee
we
ar
in
g g
<propfemale>
8
my
ho
me
work
"if anyone is actually interested in the reason behind my cryptic posts of late, here goes  i have been e playful erimenting with a beta version of a new social networking site similar to twitter  this site is known as twit,and you are limited to four characters per post  so,to sum up,if you put all of my previous posts together from this e playful eriment,they would read as follows annoyed a bearded goatee wearing gnu 8 my homework \"""""
"happy birthday to <propfirst> ely, a man among men, and a generous soul "
"sorry for the language, but this new fb format is f'd "
"there is no linear time  i'm ok with that  but if that's the direction you're going, i'll start a new site "
"back to hippiedom  sick of reality  growing my hair out while i've got it  get me a sports car, already got the trophy wife!"
"if omaha were worth its weight, it would have thought ahead and had a cool backwards spelling like ak-sar-ben, even though that has to be hyphenated so people get it "
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you thru thick and thin, love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall (and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the ass if necessary   ) then copy and post     this to your status  she or he will know who they are!"
i have been clinically proven to cause more problems than i solve 
"in the grand scheme of things, dirt doesn't taste all that bad "
"don't fret, neck "
"happy birthday, mr  <propfirst> white!"
"i find myself bored and picking dead flesh from between my teeth with pointy human remains as a result of this, so called, facebook fodder  good night "
"re: today's weird-herald public pulse: i support <propfirst> minton's comment and find total disgust & disregard  for the naysayers comment in said rag  <propfirst> once rescued me from certain death in burma,(now referred to as myanmar,) as i was about to plunge into the endless abyss of a myanmarian burman pothole  if it were not for <propfirst>, i would not be alive today  he knows his potholes  nuff said!"
this must be the english as a second language class  i noticed y is pronounced e  learn sumpthin' new every day 
"just in case, i would like to throw in a random \ooops!\"" for cya """
"ok    is it just me, or is text wrapping w o hyphens? i love reading challenges, but this one seems mostin-ter-e-s-t-ing "
"i do find it somewhat disturbing that these results are completely out of whack  however, i answered no questions to get this info  supposedly, this application was reading my mind  i think i must send this application to remedial mind reading summer school "
"i am sick and tired of my feeble attempts at frivolity and my frivolous attempts at feebleness  updates to follow if i can just find a way to stand myself  (also, at this point in time, i'd like to thank myself for my own <propfemale> in this matter )"
correction: blue is not the new green 
i have 5 things to share  but i'm not gonna 
"if it ain't fixed, don't break it!"
recently returned from eastern british columbia in canada  they have lots of phone booths  odd 
"i used to tan  now, i just contribute to another glistening facet of the undergound economy "
my toenails are brazen and unabashed 
why can't i get arrested?
people who are four should not be able to drive; whether it is a car or a conversation
"and, oh, by the way, none of this could be posted without the independence that people i know and love fight for every day  thank you "
" ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
i falafel 
"just so everyone knows, <propfirst> begley is a spoon hater "
thank you one and all for the stupendous birthday greetings and all the information regarding aarp 
"please\put this as your status if you know someone (or are related to someone)\who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in \case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy \and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons or \      don't    care  the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed \with fire extinguishers see moresee more"
it just occurred to me that shaving cream is somewhat akin to stool softener for my beard 
happy happy thanksgiving to all!
i have decided that i am best represented by a photo of flan 
better a late <propfemale> christmas to all than no <propfemale> christmas at all!
"ok  the next person who gets really pissed off at the world, take me out and leave the good people who can make a difference alone  for petes sake, kill a seal and leave the humans alone  we are becoming endangered  oh, wait  nevermind "
"pretty much, i am flan "
who decided that the term 'tool' could refer to humans? genius!
