0eaf1cce05159b235480410329616d56
happy new year's to everyone! having an amazing time with my family  <propfemale> is enjoying all the attention  smile   can't forget all the amazing food  smile   can't believe '2010' flew by so fast  guess that's what happens when you become a parent  thank you lord for everything!  smile 
new to facebook
going to the hospital 2x a week on tuesdays and fridays for heart tones and bpp my little baby is healthy and very active as always  she will be here 2 weeks! im very miserable swollen & tired  trying to get through these last few days   
"got nervous this morning  the doctors said its getting closer to that time where they really need to keep an eye on her  she wasnt doing too good for the first 10 minutes but she started to act right  if she would have stayed in sleep mood, then they would have had to do a bunch of things and kept me in the hospital and deliver her  going back friday and seeing the specialist   "
"baby <propfemale> is born and finally home!!! born thursday feb  11th, 2010  7lbs 20ozs at 20 7 8 inches! had a rough struggle through jaundice hopefully it will stay down!"
"just overwhelmed with being in an extremely cluttered room  between mine, scotts, and the babys stuff     theres just too much stuff! (cant wait for our own place)"
it's first child appreciation week    put your first child as your profile picture and post birth stats in comments!
got to spend time in glenmora for a couple of days and loved it  i was doing things i use to and loved it! and i love that my incision is completely healed and i feel great  walked around a lot yesterday and starting to get back to my old self!
got my computer back to working!!!! oh how i missed it so much!!!! my lovly laptop with happy <propfemale> stuff!!
"got my laptop to back! it is now virus free and virus protected! now its back to my happy <propfemale> keyboard, millions of songs on itunes, and my pics!!!  smile  happy and i know it  (clap, clap)"
internet is acting up over here  facebook is literally the only website i can get on  all the others take hours!!!! confused bt weather to blame the internet or my computer? my laptop did just get healed   
"internet's back up!! and this pleases gabby very much! =p (jumping around in a circle, clapping my hands, and giggling)"
going to go see the family that i miss soooo much! all tha family from my dad's side downsouth for one big supper! whoo hoo! got <propfemale> love that cookin!
"just got back around 12 midnite from downsouth  had a great time!! enjoyed seeing everyone again, just always tired    <propfemale> loved it till we had to go    sorry lil one =["
"got to see <propfemale> in wonderland by <propmale> <propmale> in 3d!!!!! we went to walmart and found <propfemale> two outfits! one is coveralls and they are so cute! and a really nice actually easter dress!!! none of those lil ugly ones, its cute and yellow to match with her cousin christian! easter pictures!!! and congrads to my brother for getting engaged to the woman he loves last night! i was there it was cute!!!  smile  smile  smile "
its funny how all these young people are getting engaged right before my eyes and yet there dating time is <propfemale> short     if i could go back i wouldnt get prego cuz i would have been one of those people that would have waited till being with that person for a long time first    (i prob wld have just kept saying no bec of commitment issues)
"<propfirst>, <propfemale>, and i went to the nursery festival yesterday     and you wont believe it but there was really no point in going! everything was e playful ensive! if only they could have paid for our gas    "
"i have a very painful abscess on my breast  it became this way because apparently i didnt have the right antibiotics for mastitis =[     there truly is something more painful than a tooth ache    its an abscess    and when you dont have a very strong and powerful pain killer      unbearable pain {currently high off percocet so for now, pain doesnt exist  smile }"
"at rapides hospital  just got out of surgery  i have a tube running through the problem    going to be here for a few days    <propfemale>, mommy misses you and knows she has to go through this to get better so she can be there for you! i love you so much baby! =[ say goodnight <propfemale>!"
"im at rapides hospital  i finally got to see my daughter today, made my day a little easier  i miss her so much! they are going to re-patch my boo boos up  they are still trying to get rid of this infection  it was a pretty big one  they took one pint of thick bad stuff out when they did they surgery, and thats not including all the bad stuff i have been draining "
"im on the road to recovering  the little towel thing is not inside anymore, i just have two little things, one inside each hole to soak up anything  im taking antibiotics by mouth now  on a drip  for something    taking pain meds by mouth  i maybe recovering but im aggravated and in alot of pain "
"might be coming home tomorrow or so    the antibiotics are really tearing up my stomach  its like a battle with myself just to eat a little  very frustrated, aggravated, and just wanting to take it out on something! still have a lot of healing to do     just hanging on, never giving up!"
going through a roller coaster of emotions from furious to depressed  im recovering very well from the surgery and probably coming home today  im missing my little girl  cant wait to hold her and see her and be there for her once more  still praying and staying strong 
in the process of healing  im glad i was able to enjoyed easter with my loving husband and beautiful daughter  we all three had a great day! happy easter!!
"enjoying life as it quickly passes by with a wonderful, caring, and loving husband! enjoying all the good and bad times (every second really) with my strong, animated, and loving daughter! i love everyday god has given me and blessings he has given to me and my family! i'm way too luck! =p"
i fear one day i'll meet god --he'll sneeze-- and i won't know what to say
would anyone consider taking me to prom????
does anyone need a prom date??  smile   <ghs only>
"well, i been keeping myself busy     finished re arranging the room and helping around the house     keeping my mind busy most of all    "
a lot on my mind     been trying to keep it away by keeping my mind busy   
"good morning everyone  smile   went to a beautiful, amazing wedding last night! took many great photos and will soon put them up  smile  i felt great to 'dress up' and loved looking great, me and my husband both  but the bride and the groom were def the best looking  smile    congrads to <propfemale> and <propmale> may god bless them and give them a long beautiful marriage  smile "
does anyone want me to edit some pictures for them?  smile 
"going to edit alot of pictures through out the night  please check them out and if you like them, tell me and i can edit pictures for you and take pictures for you  smile  ill be more than happy to  thanks  smile "
anyone want pictures taken or edited? i can give you great photos for free! just send me a message and ill get back to you a s a p thanks  smile 
anyone missing out on senior pictures? because im the one who can give you free great quality pictures! just leave me a message  smile 
free great quality photos!!! message me!!!
"happy earth day everyone, hope everyone take the time to give back to our earth  smile  recycling is one thing we should do everyday not just on earth day  smile "
"yea i bet everyones excited about prom saturday, just wish i was going too   "
"why should i continue being friends with people that say they would go out of there way for me but yet when i ask for help they lie, say they will, turn around and leave me hanging     gee thanks ''friends''  (you all know who ya'll are)"
 love  tha people who care about me! (cuz i know it takes a lot of work and time to  love  some1 like me) lol
"people need to understand that people with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? its special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra care and understanding!"
"my facebook is messing up! its adding and blocking ppl fan site and crap! it messing up! am i the only one? im thinking about deleting facebook, i thought this was a safe website!!\\p s  having a great mothers day weekend with my loving husband and sweet baby girl  smile  going to the zoo tommorow for mothers day  smile "
"had a great day with my husband and 2 of mah greatest friends!!    went to shady nook to cool off, baby got a little water on her forehead and hand cuz she was sweatin and had a picnic and laughed a lot! finally to end it, walked around with my girls and grabbed some snow cones and chilled at hannahs house   smile  had a blast!!"
happy birthday <propmale> & <propmale>!!!!
"had fun today with mally, <propmale>, <propfirst>, butter, and baby char char  smile  love my nails and toes done by <propfemale>'s  smile  going to the lake tommorow <propfemale> might take a quick dip- going to take tons of pics!! andys birthday tommorow (happy 21st) happy bday weswes going to celebrate <propmale>s bday at big beach sunday gunna be fun fun- busy weekend! nite ever one!"
"flip flops, cute shirt with cute shorts, cute swim suit, pretty nails and toes, sun screen, and beach towel- gunna pick up some tin and food with a few sod-e pops and andys birthday party here i come! *happy birthday <propmale>! i love ya but mally loves ya more*  smile "
had a great day! super fun and loved being in the cool water  everyone was laughing and having a great time  <propfirst> trying to grill and getting biten by all the fish was the funniest part!  smile  cant wait till the next time!
"went to factory connection with my girl yesterday! it was fun! went bowling to with my sweety, and had fun getting a tie with <propfirst>! went to sonic and i  love  poweraid slushys!"
wish i was back in my bed! wish i was with <propfirst> right now    wish <propfirst> would come pick me up as soon as possible!
"about to go to the lake with quite a few friends! big cook out!  smile  hot dogs, hamburgers, sandwiches, baked beans, my chicken topping for crackers, chips, sody pops, and swimming fun fun fun!!!!! ( joyful )"
cant wait to see what my hair will look like!! (going light blonde!)
"precious, my first baby, had her kittens last night  smile  they are two cute!"
hopefully going to have the best weekend! with andys cookout saturday and my best friends sweet 16 sunday thats just every reason to be happy and jump around looking retarded in excitment!! (yall betta wish <propfemale> happy birthday!  love  ya gah!)
"hope my girl had the best birthday!  love  ya girl, happy sweet 16th birthday!!"
hope my sister has the best birthday today!! happy birthday <propfemale> i  love  ya girl!!
trying to get a job at walmart    thats better than a few places i know
jus looked at pic from when my daughter first came into this world  makes cry a little because i havent really noticed just how big she has gotten and how fast she has grown into a beautiful girl  cant believe that was just 4 months ago  guess i been to stressed to notice the little things we regret to <propfemale>   
most likly got tha job!! gunna work registers!!!! sweet!!! im so excited!
"really wishin for a place i can call my own, a car to drive to work, & shoppin for food i like to cook      also, i wish i cld see my dad & tell him how much i love him & hug him tight enough to were he cant see the tears i cry because spending so lil time together now jus seems so long ago when we did spend time together     *i love and miss you dad*"
wld a bandaid and a sno cone help?
eh why is when playing these games they either wont let you play anymore unless you have money or they just get <propfemale> boring with the same thing everytime you play it you just delete the app    
needing hammy-downs! my clothes are too big! need l m sz shirts and 10 8 pants! cld come try clothes!
"had a really great time tonight with the in-laws and my husband and beautiful daughter! most people would prob think of it as just another outting, but when you cant do much with no money    i would have to say it was a blessing  loved having a hot plate and fun for a change  really brought my mood up  thank you mr  <propfirst> & mrs  <propfemale>  smile "
"needing hammy-downs! my clothes are too big! need l m sz shirts and 10 8 pants! cld come try clothes! have tons of clothes that are bigger, if anyone wants or needs them!"
going to go to glenmora tomorrow  going to celebrate the 4th of july tomorrow with my mom and that side of the family  going to enjoy eating tons of different varies of food! going to enjoy spending time with the fam and watching the kiddos play in the swimming pool  all day fun!  smile 
had a lot of fun today  just really exhausted and ready to for bed!
needs a job
not doing so good lately with everything thats been going on  going to try and brush how i feel and just try and live with the things i cant change  it is all in gods hands now  he knows what he is doing  just waiting for the relief 
cant sleep  don't feel good  never going to eat ice cream or drink milk for as long as i live! stomach aching and feeling nauseas  pepto is not living up to its standards  they pay too much on those commercials 
why are people friends on here when you hide there status and dont really connect with them on here      i find its a nice way of saying we not friends so i delete them but yet people get mad when i do     all i have to say is: if your my friend then why would you need to hide my status and ignore me???
"had a wonderful time out with my dad, my step mother (who is on the end of her radiation!) my husband and my sweet angel <propfemale>! couldnt have been a better day  smile "
"very tired! worked all week, and getting blisters all over my hands and sores on my feet! went grocery shopping and bought food and finally getting that feeling me and <propfirst> have prayed for- full! lol"
"tired! always taking naps- been very busy and always still feeling tired and fat  glad <propfirst> still blindly thinks im thin! lol got to love him for trying-   sry havent been on fb much    making many plans for our room, meeting with people for stuff, grocery shopping, and guess whos birthday? scotts!   this is going to be the best birthday and <propfirst> has no idea!"
finally done re-arranging the furniture and moving in a big couch and <propfemale> bed! the room looks a whole lot better with the new furniture! *tired*
"never been more busy in my life! the baby is having a bad time right now mostly with her teething  stress from everyday having something planned  feeling very happy in my marriage- feeling like butterflys are in my tummy each night before i sleep when i see my husband, <propfirst>   smile "
not in a good mood- super stressed out!  > sad 
"watch out ghs, gabby is going to try and come back  smile "
"love how i am getting stressed by certain people that honestly dont care much about me  best part thats the thing that is keeping my sugars high and harder for me to control- so the lovly things that comes with high sugars, i get to do everyday and night  drinking lots of water, using the restroom often, more upset, oh and lets not forget the rash! thank you for making my life harder!"
--migraine--
lol
<propfemale> is telling everyone good morning! rise and shine!   smile 
might need to borrow some school clothes      school starts in 6 days and im def not ready!
-cant sleep-   my nerves are going bonkers!! just trying to breath and try not to have a nervous breakdown
well im up but this time im going to try and take a nap after 3 smile 0- not 12 smile 0! ha
what time does school start tomorrow at ghs anyone know? and im debating in whether to go to oakhill or to go to glenmora     =[
"going to glenmora tomorrow to talk to hollingsworth  going to see if i can go back to glenmora - ha no school for me tomorrow! love the encouragement i am getting from my family and friends  smile  keep encouraging me people, i need it!"
ah! today i finally get to see if i get to go back to high school or not  going to take a place-ment test (hopefully) and see whats up! hoping tomorrow will be my first day!
going to go to glenmora tomorrow (hopefully) and do everything i was suppose to have done today  ugh
hope i will be able to see ms hollingsworth to see if i can come back to school! my heart is telling me to hold on to my dreams of getting that diploma- to keep fighting to follow my heart!
"well everyone, i cant come back to high school  *heart broken* ill never be able to know how it feels to be so proud walking down with a cap and gown, and ill never know what prom is like either  *sign* <propfirst>, one of my friends, and i are going to go to a night class together to get our ged "
spending some time with my caring husband  hurting really deep- cant take anymore hate from anyone  i'm only human and we all make mistakes everyday 
remember me was a sad movie  and i must say i had to skip a few parts and had too many bad words  lots of anger issues  but over all sad
cant wait to start school with <propfirst> and <propfemale>! so excited! i want to hurry up and graduate already! and i got the perfect plan on how to celebrate when we all three do! juice milk and donuts! hehe
my sugar is finally down to normal! its 111! super excited! first low number in months!
had a great time in glenmora today wish i would have went swimming earlier today- water felt great  smile 
found a great website to watch movies for free! and its new and recent movies  smile  yay me
going to have a garage sale huge sale tomorrow! in glenmora! come check it out! got everything! need the money for <propfemale>! from friday to saturday 7 to 7
garage sale didnt go as great as we thought  bad timing is what we figured  having another one in october  have been feeling sick and have a sore throat  -blah-
i would like to wish my wonderful husband a happy birthday today! i wish that today is one day that he can always look back on and smile  he is turning 20 years old ewww a man finally! lol i love you so much <propfirst> <propfirst> cross!
yay! i cant wait! i start ged school in 8 days!!!  im ready im ready im ready!
full of love! happy! in a wonderful mood  smile  hope it stays this way! if anyone needs some lovin come to me and ill give you a hug and a sugga!  smile 
"-was so tired earlier, now cant sleep =[    something must be buggin me"
it's brothersweek   if you have a brother who has made you laugh   stuck up foryou   drove you crazy   hugged you   watched you succeed   saw youfail   picked you back up   cheered you on   made you strong   can't dowithout   copy and paste this to your status   love ya'll
if i could have one gift- it would be to turn back time and have the wisdom that i <propfemale> now  i hurt too many people more than i have made people happy  i have made the wrong choices more than the right ones  and sometimes feel its too late to fix things 
well had my first day of school  going to take a hard test tuesday  fun fun
just wondering- why do people put there profile picture of babys kids that arnt theres on facebook??
my sugar keeps bouncing up and down a lot  very tired and frustrated by it  all will be better soon  going to see if i can change my insulin when i see my doctor 
got a headache bec i have hiccups =[
"they say a woman was created from a man's ribs  not the head to be superior or from the feet to be walked on, but from under the arm to be held and next to the heart to be loved?"
at <propfemale>'s house watching the boys play xbox as the girls cook   smile   r e l a x i n g
going to go back to the at&t store tomorrow hoping they will fix my sim card  already upset with them and how they treat costumers  starting work books at school tuesday  life right now is like one big blur in the mirror that wont come out 
"super excited! i am not far from my ged, and i will be graduating this year!  so ppl from ghs- someone let me tag alone with them to homecoming and prom! cuz im a senior this year!"
well i found out tonight that i am ready for the real ged test    but i need to have put in enough hours so that i can take the test  but for the time being- will continue to work on what needs to be improve a little more and in 2 weeks- ill graduate!  smile 
"<propfemale> is sick    bad cough  better than what is was- last night she had a fever  also, a few of my family members have it as well  praying hard that everyone, specially my sweet angel, gets in better health! =["
"char-char, <propfirst>, & i had a very wonderful time spending it with my family (the mire's) this past weekend  i am glad my dad had a good b-day! <propfemale> had a great time- i just kno!  smile  *mire fam[ily]*"
slowly editing all my pictures and soon will post all on facebook- so fam--- be patient! lol
having the worst headaches and even migraines  my grammy told me watch out for high blood pressure  but to add to it- gaining my weight back so all those people that prayed for me to gain weight- here you go- your wish came true   'now if only my wish for a home wld come true   ' lol
"going to bed, will continue editing pictures tomorrow  please enjoy with what i have done so far   smile  ni ni"
taking a break from the pictures    will post more soon 
migrane
"something besides treak or treating in glenmora, is suppose to be happening saturday- just for got what it was but at least i know it was something   "
"thank the lord! my dear friend <propfemale> peters just informed me what was happening this saturday  everyone there is a rodeo this weekend in glenmora, and it is just $1 00 a person! <propfemale> and gabby will get to see their very first rodeo!  smile "
zoo boo tomorrow with my beautiful daughter <propfemale>!
"well, was unable to go to the zoo boo  and i still think it is safer to go to zoo boo instead of trick or treating around town   someone said i would need to buy reflective tape or <propfemale> flashlights at the zoo bec it has enough lights  so have to skip out on trick or treat and rodeo so my bby can go to zoo boo  and there is still the fall festi at church  (she will be a beautiful angel!)"
<propfemale> had a wonderful time at the zoo boo  waited about 2 hours in line and did the walk through and stopped to try and take pictures which lasted about 40 minutes  the point is: <propfemale> had a good time and is out ni ni   smile 
who wants some spaghetti? i do!    i is hungry hungry hippo! lol
this has just been hacked by gabby's friend  one day there will be a cure for us!
i love how im the reason everyones life is miserable  not going to have internet for a while 
thinking about thanksgiving- my birthday (so no one forgets its dec 5th) and christmas!
wont be able to make it down south for thanksgiving     not sure what all the plans are specially with our alternator not working anymore 
wont be able to make it down south for thanksgiving    not sure what all the plans are specially with our alternator not working anymore 
had a great dream and woke up to sadness bec reality hit with a kick 
back home in glenmora  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone- sooo tired!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and gifts!  smile  i appreciate it all so much! love everyone!
"<propfirst> <propmale> disney was born dec  5, 1901 and died dec  16, 1966  if still alive- he would have been 90 yrs old the day i was born and would have been 109 yrs old and as i turned 19 yrs old yesterday "
going to decorate christmas tree in glenmora with my little girl and nephew  smile  love those two funny bunnies!
would anyone like to buy me a subscription for picnik for me as a late birthday gift or early christmas gift??
starting to think that im the only one that still has my cartoon up as profile picture   
lol i shall play this number game  smile  hehe
"9! oh my gosh i love you and i miss you so much! i still cant wait till our kids meet!   ~we have so many memories the good the bad and the not so pretty!  smile    you are my closest friend that i have, you been with me thick and thin  smile "
#333~  i must admit i was a bit scared of you and jelious of you at the same time at first  but as i got to know you more i began to develope a friendship and start laughing at the same boring class at the clinic  smile  lol then when you moved away i just love talking to you now  smile  miss you and we need to catch up!!  smile 
"160!  wow! so much to say- so little space  we use to be besties in grade school  loved staying the night at your house each time i went  miss those days  love talking to you! you are quite, creative, beautiful, and hillarious! i still love you- you will always be a close friend of mine!  smile "
the number game was fun but now back to the real world    going shopping and out to eat tomorrow!  smile  cant wait! havent been out to eat in months   also will be taking pictures for great gifts for <propfemale> and posting them in an abulm called wish list 
just a little sad i guess   
hope someone gets me <propfemale> size (red) sheets for christmas or a blender that can make smoothes and sno cones     smile     <propfemale> has her first toothy! bottom left  she is teething super bad right now  also she is a 2t or 24mnth clothing  she loves bath times   just some gift ideas  smile 
"not feeling well, have the flu- high fevers and rarely goes down and then jumps right back up =[ defentily not feeling <propfemale> for christmas (yucky)"
<propfemale> christmas everyone  had a good christmas and after eating some good turkey and stuffing i feel alot better  all i need now is some icehot for all the aches  i pray the lord will not let the fever come back and that i contiue to get better after tonight 
i need to make money fast so if anyone has any ideas       help!
having a wonderful time down south with my family  smile 
had a wonderful holiday  got what i wanted for christmas and more! <propfemale> had a wonderful christmas and new years- i could have asked for a better one  i thank the lord for everything and through everyone as well   glad the traveling id done for now  time to sleep!  smile 
hope valentines day will be better than my anniversary    just really focusing on <propfemale>'s first birthday right now   hello <propfemale> theme  smile   if anyone needs to get hold of me call me at 318 463 1254 i have no texting
so wish someone could style and cut my hair! i need help im in desperate need!
have a good idea how i want my hair cut    any one cut female hair??? will pay
can't believe the tooth that i got a root canal and a filling in chipped! how you ask? from eating freakin orange tic taks!!!
not feeling good  might go to the hospital  hope i get better fast in time for super bowl 
"is starting to feel left alone from alot of people, close friends and family "
"<propfemale> is having her first birthday party at ci ci's pizza  she is having hello <propfemale> cupcakes, a big cake size cupcake with banana filling sunday she will have a cake shaped like hello <propfemale>   so this big girl will be having a big party this weekend  lord, just keep me in mind this weekend lol (needs zzzzzzzzzzzz)"
"<propfemale> just took her first steps!! ;,) she is growing up so fast!"
"we got a new car! the <propfirst> is past dead and buried in the ground  our new car is blue-green or greenish, '97 honda civic in really good shape for an amazing deal  thank you for income tax! will post pics later  smile "
"getting ready to go to the hospital, started to think i set my appointment too early when i couldn't get any sleep at 3 smile 0am knowing my alarm was 5 smile 0  got my dr to see, <propfemale>'s shots, <propfirst> to dmv, and i'm leaving something out i'm sure "
"just got back from town  got the car a new licence plate, got a new blood monitor and its as big as a thumb nail and barly needs a blood sample, got appointments made finally, and <propfirst> might be getting a job! everything is good!  smile "
"<propfirst> starts work tommorow at 8am  i have to go to the hospital and will be there for a few days  everyone please pray for me, not doing good at all "
not doing good at all!   sad 
super tired! just finished all the washing and drying of clothes tht i started on at 4pm! npt sure if im ready to fold them all tonight!
"we found an apartment and will be signing the papers tommorow  also, we will be having another little girl and her nickname is emme for emmery  the due date is june 21st, and it was a shock to both of us but still a blessing  god is in control  thank you father  wink "
"hey everyone sorry no one has heard from me latly  we live in our new and 1st home in hineston!  smile  one day we will get internet, maybe but the time summer gets here   smile "
"when to church this morning, trying to get <propfemale> on a tighter schedule before emmery gets here  going to try and go to town to finish the registration  i love my little family and my little home "
"went to church with dad, cyd, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>  was really good and enjoyed myself  <propfemale> slept the whole time  been thinking and praying about my step mom  love that brave strong glorious woman "
