c2ed05cfd03f839c877bd362dae7d97f
hi guys going practice some muzic lol
just woke up im tired!!!!!
just got back from swimming yeah!!!!!  smile 
kinda feel blahh right now lol
talking on the phone with <propmale> <propfemale> <propfemale> all at the same time
the song i made with help from <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale> is beast!!!!!!
and we get to play it tomorrow and i get to preach what a rush!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
can not wait to see <propfirst> tomorrow  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
blah lol im bored lol
ahhh boredom lol
im sick now  sad 
working on my freedom is war paper have 356 words need 500 any suggestions i have 9 11 and the revolutionary war lol
ahhhhh wants to play guitar but dont have it with me lol uhg
mad at myself     sad 
had 2 adventures in 2 days lol i know who to call when im bored now hahaha
texas   longhorns!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh boy nationals is coming up    no matter what may come my way i thank you lord   lol
going into to surgery tomorrow wish me luck  smile 
ahhhh i want real food lol  playful  im doing ok thanks to everyone that have been asking! lol  smile 
ahh so today my mom came back home with pizza which i cant have and she said that she hoped it wouldnt tempt me right when she walked in lol other than that i feel good but i have this weird feeling its not a pain so i guess im good  smile 
yeah about to leave for college   my real teacher is finally coming in today!  wonder what thats gonna be like?  time to go find out!
first day off school haha yay!!!!!!!!!!!! but i still have to right the aper thats due monday o well  playful 
back to school today   on the bright side today starts vbs!!!  smile 
this day is so wrong   something is missing  sad 
yep the day is starting to make since again lol rocking out to some christian metal core  playful 
finishing up my paper now uhggg!  why??!!
wondering what to do with my life besides follow god  playful 
uhggg my phone is dead!!! dont have my charger with me   
uhgg dont know where to start on this rough draft thats perty sad!!!!
yeah my bro kidflow is up to rank 70 out of 120 for like 3 days thats beast!!! keep rapping it up for christ bro!!!
ight peoples going to rock out at the church im pretty sure god likes metal  playful  hahahaha
uhgg college papers take to much time lol!!!!
tgif lol one more day of school till next week lol!!!!!
procastination is the best lol jk    actual im not kidding haha but i hate papers uhgg lol
ahhh this paper is taking to long             
im about to start my homework    its kinda late for that though!!!
complication in life   dont let them bring you down! god keep me strong in you!  to live is christ   to die is to gain!  <propmale>  1:21
everyone who knows ugo its his birthday today as well!!!!!!
about to go play some basketball!!! yeah!!! lol
ahhh im confused lol     idk why either lol     
im bored!!!!!!!!!!  blahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah ill have my own computer up and running in a couple days!!!!  playful 
ahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! final tomorrow!!!!! last day tomorrow!!!!! im so excited to be finished  smile 
ahhhh!!!!! its over haha hope i get a good grade!!!!!!
just got done workin out it was awesome   dunk city here i come!!!
my laptop is finally working i can use my own now hahaha
to my school orientation   senior year!!!!! its goona be fun i hope lol   
"me: blah \david: blah\me: blah blah blah\david: blah     omg man that was priceless     thats so kool \ryan: (inside my head) hahahahahahhaha what??? lol hahahahah"
i don't know what to do    i'm bored!
i passed my college class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  it wasn't an a but it was a b   i'm pleased!
had a dream that iwould be dunkin on ppl   its gonna happen!!! dunk city is calling my name!!
dont know what to take this semester????????
at hcc signin up for a history  playful 
im looking to sell my car   its a 1994 chevy camaro convertible new a c new paint job and has a little interior damage but not to much   if anyone is interested or knows someone that is interested contact me on my email: skaterdude_754@yahoo com
im looking to sell my car   its a 1994 chevy camaro convertible new a c new paint job and has a little interior damage but not to much   if anyone is interested or knows someone that is interested contact me on my email: skaterdude_754@yahoo com or comment
im looking to sell my car   its a 1994 chevy camaro convertible new a c new paint job and has a little interior damage but not to much   if anyone is interested or knows someone that is interested contact me on my email: skaterdude_754@yahoo com or comment
tomorrow is the first day of history 1301 at hcc heard it was easy!! yes!!!!!  laugh 
hello   my name is <propfirst> bracken   and i am a mordern warfare addict   and if you realy knew me      lol thats great hahahahhahahahahahahha
carmax sucks!!!!
my head feels wack man!!!!!
my eyes burn!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have the best parents in the world!
ahh! confust my head shakes   the earth trembles beneath my feet! where will we go from here! we take the pain! yet we suffer not in vain! we are the chosen! we are the chosen! elected by him! elected to serve! ahhhhhhh!
"girl, i travel round the world and even sail the seven seas\across the universe i go to other galexies\just tell me where you want, just tell me where you wanna to meet\i navigate myself myself to take me where you be"
even though i deleted the comment sis <propfemale> posted i am very dissapointed in myself!
stranger danger!!!!!
facebook is a distraction!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
watching the heat vs  celtics game with <propfirst> and eustacio   this game is gonna be awesome!!
great game guys we got our first of many w's!!!!!!!!!!!!!  go kca lions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's the best day everrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone want to go to the movies at edwards marque
good game guys! we will get em next time! and we will most definately win thursday!
i fouled out and <propfirst> go sit down lol  playful 
ahhhhh! why is facebook chat so sketchy lol
yeah!!!!! i got my new acoustic guitar its so legit!
im sure <propfirst> and many others will be happy to know that i can play upside down by <propfirst> <propmale> on the guitar!!!
"good game to everyone! but i want to put a special shout out to <propfirst> s  every time out, every time we were in the huddle he had team spirit and was watching out for the team getting them drinks when needed and everything   he is a <propmale> blessing thanks man!  all and all great game guys we got that w!  lets bring the same attitude to that tourney!!  go lions!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
why haven't i taken my sat yet????
jesus tko my sinuses!!!!!!!!!!
i'm trying to figure out if i should go to school tomorrow?? lol
i dont know what to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got internet back on tonight    ahhh!
jesus!!!! i need you!!!
im so tired!
