e7cc9fe0340e82f12154e1e5d0d9cdeb
i can't wait til school starts!! (please no nerd comments   )
i love my kids!! i get them for two whole weeks!  smile 
my shift today is 9 to 9  mucho fun-o  smile 
more work today  smile 
living as a <propfemale> in a world that can't hear wound   
"working    all day, everyday "
"work, cove, transformers  pretty good lineup for today  smile "
"it's my day off! (that means i'm covering for <propfemale> from 1-3 and <propmale> from 4-7, then someone won't show up for the night shift and i'll end up staying til 10   )"
"i'm having a pizza craving     this only happens about once a month, so i think i better embrace it  smile "
"working  today, and tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day   "
"whoot! all registered, and totally pumped for fall term! yay me!"
i'm thinking    nap time  smile 
"i'm off for the whole weekend and going to drive for forever to visit the love of my life, who has just informed me he works 10 hours tomorrow  love it!!  smile  i'm just so happy    i can't be mad at him!"
"alright, vacation's over  time for work and countdown to macdash  smile  and the hills on that bike course are murder, just in case anyone wanted to know   "
"give me a hoo-hah free pastry tuesday!  smile  yay! thanks for the heads up sis, it was totally worth it  smile "
"well, there's a first time for everything  smile "
"technically, today, i didn't have to work  yet here i am, after 8 smile 0-11 surprise 0 lessons, a 1-3 shift, and about to start a nice little 4-10 shift  sweetness  smile "
i also have just decided that i like this 'share' button  it's cute  and those triple chocolate drumstick ice creams? totally in my diet now 
"hm    lunch? or, facebook and stale cake? decisions, decisions    "
i bought a tank top  smile  me likey    nice and cool   
"i'm dreaming, it's stupid, i think i've been been hit by cupid     smile "
run bike swim run bike run run run pushups!!! swim bike bike run swim bike swim run run      ugh!
loving the sunshine and the non-work  smile  ha ha
"so, i was going to write something really profound    really great    then i forgot what it was    hmmm  smile "
"\she said she'd rather fix her makeup than fix what's going on   \"" ha ha i love song lyrics  smile """
work                
rhetorical questions    
"my life by numbers: i kill myself in 9 days, leave home in 11, get to see my favorite reason to smile in 14, die again in 15, and start school in 25! ha ha life is good  smile "
"\feel that fire   \""  smile """
duh-nuh nuh-nuh duh-nuh nuh-nuh duh-nuh nuh-nuh batman!!  smile  boredom stinks!
why can't work just not    happen?
"hm  i'm hungry  the pizza place didn't take my coupon  safeway doesn't start serving chinese food until 12 surprise 0  i have a dentist appointment at 2 surprise 0, and no money  but i'm hungry  this is very distressing    i think i'll go eat something  smile "
"whoot! last day of work! last day of work! oh yeah! oh yeah! (sorry, my songwriting comes in spontaneous bursts, and you guys just get to enjoy it    in text rather than song   )  smile "
"oh yeah, finish time 2 surprise 0 34  smile  and it got me 1st place!!  smile "
"\blood makes the grass grow - kill! kill! kill!\"" that's the motto of the week"""
ok    nap time  smile 
why doesn't tarzan have a beard?
"i've just decided that dining on campus is a joke    half the places aren't even open, and the ones that are don't serve lunch until like 2  i'll tell you what though, four corners has good biscuts and gravy  smile "
"yay for classes starting tomorrow!  smile  i mean i know i'll hate it, probably in like a week, but for now i'm just excited  surprise  my roomie and i are headed to dinner, text me if you want to join we'll meet up!"
i made $1 86 just walking around campus today     smile 
"i have so much homework! and i was really happy about it until i finished all my calculus and now i'm just a little bit depressed    i guess i'll get more calculus tomorrow, so not to worry!  smile "
math was lame today  sad  it was basically a review of basic algebra  i had to take notes just to stay awake  i hope we start learning soon  smile 
my professor just called the 1 1 megawatt nuclear research reactor on campus 'cute'    i like that class  smile  lol
"apparently, october 6th (next tuesday) is forming up to be national day of resistance against military  its amazing to me how i can devote my life to the defense of a country where the independence allows its citizens to organize against it's protectors  i never realized how true this is but sure enough; i got the e-mail this morning  the website is infuriating    "
i wish i had words to define how betrayed i feel right now  sad  it's so    sad 
"i love waking up in the morning, reporting to the unit, having an hour of drill practice, etc , and getting back to my dorm room where everyone else is    still sleeping  it's so quiet and peaceful  smile "
"i think i'm done with my organizing!  smile  well, for tonight at least   "
"ok, this is a poll open to all friends on my profile  should i join rifle club, or pistol club?"
needs a hobby   
is really really happy! (please don't let this end up hurting me   ) hmmmmm  smile  yay  smile  (don't ask    )
cold = sad  sad 
doesn't want to read for chemistry    not even a little bit   
"just found out that tv shows online are a really great way to waste 3 or 4 hours    (before, all my homework was done  now, all my work is done and my eyes hurt too! )"
(happy dance!!!) i passed  smile  yay for running a mile and a half in the rain at 0600 and till making time!
"three things i've learned so far in college: 1) there are 69 stairs up to my room, but 72 going down  2) if you have to puke, do it at about 11:10 am, right before the cleaning lady comes  (don't make everyone else miserable!) and 3) don't make jokes about swine flu  your roommate will get it  sad "
"i need a new profile picture  but i get my blues in 2 days, so i guess i can wait til then  smile "
"slept in til almost 7 this morning!  smile  ah, it was great  hopefully the rest of the day will be just as good  i have math later, so i know it will be  smile "
"what exactly are the modern classifications for 'going on a date'? i'm just curious, you know, in case i need to know the difference at some point in the near future, or maybe tonight    "
"i've decided that running at 10 surprise 0 is much better than 0600  however, my 3 mile time stays right at that 27 surprise 3 <propfirst>  kinda depressing, but at least now i'm ready for the rest of the day  smile "
"hmmmm mmm mm mmm mmm mm mmm mm  hmm hm hm mmm mmmm hm mmmm  hmmmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mm mm m  mmmm mmm mmm mmm mm m  (it's a song  i think  but, i can't remember the words  maybe i should stick to math homework)"
"busy day, busy day, sleep time, and i just have this simple beautiful <propfemale> of a lullaby dancing around in my happy little mind that's enticing me to a world of wonderful relaxation under my warm and comfy covers      smile "
"i just sat down to do my play analysis  just 3 pages  i'm gonna do it  just do it  oh, goodness, my nails need to be clipped  and holy crud! my rug is so dirty  sad  i need to vacuum  maybe the analysis will just have to wait   "
"isn't it awesome when you're used to getting up at around 0500 every weekday, and you're friend calls you (repeatedly; until you pick up   ) at 0510 to freakishly scream, \where are you? get to muster now!\"" on sunday morning? love those friends who can find the most creative ways to entertain themselves when they can't sleep   """
feels like a champion     not!
my <propfemale> came home!!!  smile   smile  too bad i'm not going home for another 5 weeks     sad   sad 
got hit  in the face  with a rifle  ow 
"which level 1 super-power would you most like to have? a) peanut-butter conjuration, b) insta-naakeeeeey c) random irrelevant quote machine d) other    (e playful lain)"
"nap     or study    ? nap    ? study    ? or possibly, watch worthless tv shows for 2 hours, then nap, then study tomorrow      smile "
tired tired  definitely should have napped 
"ever have one of those days where you try to make yourself feel better, then you just end up feeling worse off for the effort?  sad "
"i made cupcakes today  smile  then, realized i didn't have any frosting     sad "
voodoo doughnuts: definitely better than attending class  smile 
"can't think of anything profound or interesting to say  (actually, i can't decide between the 4 or 5 things that i want to say, but can't put into words, so this is what you get  smile  ha ha )"
"good day  smile  94% on my theatre exam, 100% on the differential calc one, and rock climbing certification class tonight to finish it all up!  smile "
grrrr    
"i just took the elevator from the 6th floor, to the 5th floor     and it felt great  smile "
cold cold cold  sad 
went to bed at around 8 smile 0 last night     woke up about 8 surprise 0 this morning   
guitar lessons = happiness  smile 
sickness = no rock climbing for seek seek  sad 
now i can't get these funny circles off my facebook screen   
yay for chemistry midterm tonight!!! not  sad 
needs a distraction   
let's just say    great weekend  smile   smile 
wants to go home  smile 
shaping up to be a pretty decent day  smile 
is going to try being vegetarian for a week  don't judge me 
"34  in a romantic relationship between <propfemale> and <propfirst>, a(t) indicates <propfemale>'s affection for <propfirst> at time t days after they've met, while b(t) represents <propfirst>'s affection for <propfemale>; such that a^2 + b^2 = c (constant)      welcome to my life  smile "
class        sad 
i love that little genius thing on itunes  it makes my heart fill with happiness  smile  so much new music to listen to    if only i could afford to purchase it legally   
homework break    time for some guitar practice  smile 
"you know what, poo on finals week  (i figure if i give up at the beginning, i can only improve from there   ) just 3 more tests and i can go home  smile "
"8 surprise 6 - car won't start  a helpful neighbor with jumper cables and an hour later, i'm fine  9:15 - car is completely out of oil  ten minutes, $4 98 at napa, feeling better  1 surprise 0 - realize i locked my keys in my car  two hours of waiting, $40 and a venti black tea later, i'm back on my way home    (i think i'll be staying inside tonight  i don't want my engine to e playful lode )"
doesn't want to study  at all  but has a high probability of doing less than well on the chem final tomorrow  so studying would probably be good at this point     sad  someone distract me  smile 
"oh, and i've officially decided that i want a big dinosaur color-by-number like <propfirst> has for christmas  or perhaps a shark one  just sayin   "
yay! for cramming and pulling your grade out of the gutter at the last second by acing the final!!!!  smile 
"all moved out! well, kinda    just gotta take my bed apart  that can wait til tomorrow  it's time for dinner, maybe some math later too  smile "
"so far, the transcript reads straight a's  smile  waiting on two more to get turned in   "
i've been playing a lot of <propfemale> lately    i feel nerdy   
working kinda sucks  going to school is much more fun  smile  but i don't get paid to go to school     sad 
work again today  1 to 3  why even bother driving in for 2 hours of work? money is money   
i run my life    or is it running me?
"i live as though the world is as it should be, to show it what it can be "
it's raining    again   
i finally have internet again!!!!!  smile 
time for a night out    i feel like being a little wild tonight  wink 
i think it's the perfect time for some saturday morning pancakes  smile 
and people are crazy   
convenient that there's a laundromat a block away from my new place    inconvenient that the machines steal your money and you end up paying 10 bucks just to do 2 loads of laundry  sad 
i'm so happy right now!!!!  smile  ha ha (i understand my chemistry homework  it's really great   )
there's an intramural swim meet at the end of the month and i can participate for free!  smile  i'm totally gonna do it but i wish someone would do it with me   
number 7 on my list of things not to microwave: leftover qdoba   
"good-bye, spare time    hello tri club  smile "
i need a belt  one that actually fits 
"now that i can actually cook for myself, i might try being vegetarian again  i think that'd be good  smile "
blah     sad 
"i've got a feeling     today's gonna be a good day, today's gonna be a real good day     smile "
i've started writing again  smile  just finished a second new song  wonder how many more inspirations will hit before the week is up   
i should probably do some homework   
"let's see    30 minutes of sleep, no breakfast, 10 hours of class, skip lunch, 6 5 <propmale> of pounding my pain and tears onto the pavement    yeah  smile  i'm ready for today to be over  smile "
calculus is a joke 
dad's coming to town today  nice of him to tell me that    after he's already on his way   
"i keep two separate calendars for myself  i just realized, i have no idea why  they both say exactly the same things  hm  oh well  smile "
swimming tonight! meet on saturday!!  smile 
there's a small old woman on the sidewalk outside of my apartment; and she's trying to dig a hole in the cement with the handle of a broomstick    i'm not sure what to do   
having a very difficult time determining whether passing the chemistry midterm or going dancing and having a life is more important    hmm  sad 
nothing like a red dress and some high heels to distract you from how you really feel   
rumba + salsa + samba =  smile 
commander volpe: this message is to notify you that i will not be attending naval science class tomorrow  i have assessed my class schedule as 'too predictable' and therefore must change my routine in order to avoid terrorists  i thank you for your understanding   
"it's not \going to bed early\""    it's just a little nap for the rest of the night  smile """
"i guess i should look at the bright side: sure, i've been sick and puking all morning; but at least my eye is swollen up so much that i can't see how miserable i look   "
i love spending more money on fixing my car than the stupid machine is actually worth   
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming - just keep swimming, swimming, swimming    (it's not a triathlon    but i'm still excited!!!!) wish me luck!  smile "
i miss my kids  sad 
college students are morons
you make me want to
"just in case anyone was mistaken, writing a lab report on the approach to criticality of the triga research reactor isn't as fun as it sounds    [it's bed time now   ]"
c'est la vie   smile 
hmmm     what should i wear today?  [oh wait    ]
i really thought i was over this   
it's always the people you least e playful ect who turn out to be russian spies   
"if a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?"
i love the smell of pt in the morning  laugh 
"my words don't obey me, they do as they please"
super bowl?!?!? is that like one of those ones for really big salads?!
"\sanity is sooo over-rated   \"""""
i have a nuclear engineering midterm in about 45 minutes  don't really know if i'm ready for it  have enough time to cram a little more studying in  i think it's a good time to play some guitar  laugh 
first things first; but not necessarily in that order     wink 
really loves dancing  laugh  but must go to sleep   
 love  rain  laugh 
good morning facebook!  laugh 
"there's nothing that can match the fun of making valentines with paper, scissors, and glue  laugh  totally 3rd-grader style   "
making heart-shaped pancakes for breakfast in celebration of the day  laugh 
dedication takes a lifetime; dreams only last for a night   
i wish life was as easy as math    that'd be nice  laugh 
definitely got lost on my 'e playful loratory' run and ended up at 53rd and philomath    totally worth it though since i found out the girl scouts are selling cookies at the safeway down there  laugh 
the saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom
i have a feeling my dreams tonight will consist of products and reactants reaching a state of equilibrium and different types of reaction mechanisms and little chemical formulas dancing around in circles laughing at me   
home sweet home  smile 
too cold for a dress tonight? me thinks not  laugh 
every man dies; but not every man truly lives
"i'm a <propfemale>, i'm a <propfemale>, i'm a <propfemale>  laugh "
i think i took a wrong turn in hell    hmmm   
"yay for tax returns  laugh  i'm thinking i should go shopping this weekend, a little pre-finals mood booster  smile "
my new mission in life is to design a vending machine that sells those little fun-sized <propfemale> bars; but has magnifying glass as the casing   
is very disappointed with that yogurt extreme place  sad 
"i need to stop dropping things    4 dishes in less than 3 months, and i only have one bowl left  sad "
"i remember being hungry about 3 hours ago    but i don't remember eating    (ah, the joys of studying for finals   )"
"in my head, i know this is a signal that i need to focus on finals    but in my heart, i see it as a challenge, as one more obstacle i need to overcome to get my final revenge    hmmm   "
feels like a champion!  laugh 
"happy pi day!!!  laugh  if i manage to figure out my ne final within the next 9 hours or so, i'll be making huckleberry creme pie for everyone!!  smile "
that's a pretty good way to end my chemistry career  smile  so glad i'm done!!!
tennis with <propmale>  smile 
today's gonna be a good day  laugh 
"life isn't fair, but it's still good  smile "
the things those city people say   
i don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you  smile 
<propfemale> and perfect  laugh 
ok  now i'm ready for spring term again    laugh 
"my belt holds my pants up, but the belt loops hold my belt up  i don't really know what's happening down there  who is the real hero?"
"every snowflake in the avalanche pleads \not guilty\""   """
somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me
"nothing can keep us apart, my darling dixon and i  love "
i thought it'd be great time for a run; then it started to hail     sad 
"and every time i try to say how i feel it comes out \i love you\""       laugh """
the problem with common sense nowadays is that it's not really all that common   
nothing like taking a nap in the library and waking up to find you still have more math to do     laugh 
you smell like christmas to me  smile 
bad things happen to birds   
has the sudden urge to join an intramural soccer league    hm   
"\where are you going again?\""  \""idaho   \""  \""who da ho?\"""""
"\golf and alcohol don't mix; that's why i don't drink and drive   \"""""
"\math jokes: if you get them    you probably don't have any friends  \"""""
"i've given it some thought, and i've come to a conclusion: the glass is neither half full nor half empty, it is simply twice as big as it needs to be "
"i'm a picker, i'm a grinner, i'm a lover, and i'm a sinner; playin' my music in the sun   "
what is it about the sun coming out that makes all the unattractive hairy men in corvallis want to take off their shirts and go running?
study party in the library quad  laugh  anyone who is good at vector calc or physics is invited!!
"i just realized that in order to go home, i literally have to go over a river and through the woods   "
"like the rain, i have fallen for you   "
just stumbled upon a site about physics    when i should be studying for my ph211 midterm that's in an hour    think it's a sign?
two things i have learned so far this morning: naval science gets really interesting when you actually stay awake in class; and all desks in lecture halls need cup holders for coffee 
worked all week; it's time to play   
loves <propfirst> a  mangum for the yummy-delicious-amazing coffee drink stuff  that is making me really really happy right now  laugh 
"it's not love that makes the stars shine, but the spontaneous combuston of super heated super condensed gasses in a process known as fusion that creates new elements when the time is right  but since you're gone the stars dont shine so bright   "
skittles who go to college are smarties  smile 
bark less; wag more  laugh 
"if the world is ending in 2012, how did <propfirst> mcfly end up in 2015?"
"dear april, i know your showers are supposed to bring may flowers  but when you left, you forgot to take your showers with you  just thought i'd let you know in case you wanted to come back and take them away   love, seeca  love "
not all boys want a relationship just for sex; some just want a good sandwich   
nothing like 100% on a nuclear engineering exam to lighten up your day  laugh 
friends call ask if you want do do something this weekend  best friends call you and tell you they got us tickets to a drag show  laugh  lol
i live such a diverse and interesting life     smile 
"best  run  ever    8 <propmale> in 62 minutes, and i feel    thirsty!   laugh "
"please put this on your status if you knowor are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliteratedby the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empireis a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bringpeace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocentcivilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your statusfor at least one hour?"
"i'll be up up and away; up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so - whatever  laugh "
only 114 days! time to get movin'!!
"\if i'm not the one thing you can't stand to lose; consider me gone \"""""
if i can race a dolphin in 6th grade; i can beat <propfirst> hutchins in the <propmale> dash  it's on!!!!!   laugh 
goin' fishin' in the dark  laugh 
"if you had a choice between going to hawaii with your best friend for an entire week, and having a place to live next year    how exactly do you handle that decision?_?"
"there's a difference between having a will to win, and having an unwillingness to lose  which do you work toward?"
life is good  smile 
great spiritshave always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds 
got hit in the head with a flying <propfemale> last night    mechanical bulls + alcohol = no bueno
"\i'd hit that       with my car   \"""""
          laugh 
adorkable  wink 
"i thought you could find anything on the internet    yet when i search for an isotope of sodium with a gamma spectroscopy range of 1372 29 kev, i get nothing  sad    stupid google   "
just can't stop smiling  laugh 
how many half-lives does a radioactive cat have?
nothin' sweeter than summertime   
"i wish dreams were like wishes, and wishes came true; 'cause in all of my dreams i'm always with you  love "
kinda wants to bike over the santiam pass before the end of the summer  anybody want to come ?  laugh 
"we should get jerseys, 'cause we make a good team- but yours would look better than mine, 'cause you're out of my league   "
got my motor running for a wild weekend  laugh 
i got a  b+ in pysics!!!!!!!!!!  laugh     i never thought i'd be so happy to get a b      smile   smile 
great weekend  smile  awesome week  laugh  amazing summer!!!
wants to go home  sad 
"jeans bars: so named, because they will make your jeans tight!"
look at me still talking when there's science to do!!
now this is the kind of rain i've been missing  love 
left my markers and pencils at home  sad  i think i'll have to find a new creative outlet for the time being   
always be yourself - unless you're an arrogant bastard 
a good night for some videogames with my friend <propmale> drordy  laugh 
show me the other side of the great unknown  wink 
hello seattle  laugh 
"\iron man\"" is a superhero  \""iron woman\"" is a command """
"if you have ever loved me or love me now, please skype me tonight!!  laugh  i miss home  sad "
it is impossible to be both wise and in love
i think <propfirst> graversen might possibly be my favorite person in the world tonight  just sayin'   
"skydiving is really fun; however, i wouldn't recommend trying it from a t-34"
i have finally chosen a favorite color  i think 
"i was just about to write about how much i miss home, then i realized that what i meant was i miss school    corvallis has my heart  love "
thinks <propmale> miller and <propmale> mangum need to come to san <propmale> for tomorrow night so she isn't so lonely going clubbing downtown   
omg omg omg comic-con international in san <propmale>!!!! july 22-25!!!!! and active military get a discount  love   smile   smile 
sea world today  laugh 
mysterious as the dark side of the <propfemale>  love 
"all i want is you, i feel it inside; take me by the hand and stand by my side  all i want is you, will you stay with me? hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea  laugh "
name's bond  covalent bond 
your smile puts the city lights in my heart  love 
"nothing like waking up at 3 am to find that your boots are still wet and you're spending an extra night underway    and i'm going to assume my phone won't be working too great either, for anyone who actually talks to me still "
there's certain moments in life when you realize who you absolutely unconditionally love and couldn't stand to live without  love 
"if you think i'm cute when i'm mad, then i'm about to get real freakin' adorable   "
oh hello friday  laugh  it's so nice to see you again  love 
is realizing more and more every day how bad of an influence <propmale> mangum is   
"\how long 'til we get home?\""   \""two trolley stops and 6 days \""  smile   smile   smile """
"\we are not retreating; we are simply advancing in another direction \"""""
soakin' up the soft warm california sunshine to sweetly tan my skin    lol jk! i'm burnt   
i'm feeling kinda land-sick  sad  who wants to go sailing with me??  laugh 
"you may be an idiot, but try not to be stupid "
direct use of force is such a poor solution to any conflict; i find it is often employed only by small children and large nations
"dear oregon, \\i've missed you terribly  i can't wait to see you again \\love, seeca"
makes you really think about your definition of home  love 
love gets me every time; my heart changed my mind   
i have energy!!!!!  smile   smile   smile  what am i going to do with all of it?!?!  smile 
"and now, i'm just trying to save the world- one sequin at a time  smile "
take me as i am or watch me as i go
"i'm organizing a yard sale as a fundraiser to help out a close family member's efforts toward adoption, so if anyone has something to donate please let me know and i can come pick it up anytime  even if it's just a few little things you would've taken to goodwill, anything helps!!  smile   smile "
hug a tree - they have less problems than people do  wink 
sometimes i stay up way past midnight and wonder what the world would be like without captain hook 
pain killer and liquid breakfast     yummm     sad   sad 
"anywhere, say anywhere; as long as i'm with you  anything, ask anything; we'll watch the world go by ?"
i was going to watch the meteor shower tonight    then i woke up from my nap to find that i'm actually allergic to my pain killer  i think i'm just gonna go back to bed  i'm not going to want to wake up until saturday 
the smell in the air here awakens my mind as the sunshine fills my soul with happiness  smile 
you taste like glitter mixed with rock and r surprise olllll  smile   laugh   smile   smile 
i'm done with being weak!! gonna get myself a jamba juice and say goodbye to the aching craters in my mouth  smile  hello swollen smile  laugh 
i miss you  annoyed 
life is pain  anyone who says differently is selling something 
it seems i've gotten myself in the habit of missing your presence every minute of the day   
your smile puts the city lights in my heart  love   smile 
you know you've found love when you look in their eyes and find yourself  love 
i've got it good  smile 
"just a reminder, if anyone would like to contribute to the fundraiser by donating old furniture, clothes, anything that you have lying around just waiting to be taken to goodwill, let me know and i'll be happy to come pick it up!! any questions let me know!!  laugh "
"even if you just had possibly the worst night of your life, tomorrow can still be a beautiful and magnificent day  you just have to wake up and get there "
"since life is a highway, i've decided that i want to drive with my eyes closed from now on  smile  do you trust me enough to take my hand and ride with me?  love "
"dear heart,\\you're fired \\sincerely, brain "
what a perfect morning to go over the river and through the woods  smile  it's been too long since i've been home!  love 
"long drive over the mountain, but i'm finally home!!  love  already a great start to my weekend!"
just thought i'd join in on this new fad where everyone randomly has <propmale> <propfirst> mangum in their profile picture    ( that and i'm totally missing him already lol    )
"for those of you who are unaware, the <propmale> dash sprint triathlon is approximately 19 days, 15 hours, and 11 minutes away  i promise to take first again, but only if everyone comes to watch!!!  laugh "
tonight i feel like     sushi  laugh 
19 days  smile 
i may not have wings but fuck if that'll keep me from flying!
love you!  love 
summer makes me happy  school makes me happier  can't we make some sort of hybrid here?
the radio plays really bad music at night  sad 
i would conquer the world so i could give it to you  love 
"i've only been awake ten minutes, yet i already have more than 63 reasons to smile  smile   smile   smile "
you're gonna break my heart anyway; just leave the pieces when you go
two weeks to triathlon!!!!!! where my cheerleaders at?!?
si vis amari; ama  love 
"there's always that one <propfemale> that shines especially for you  smile   me, i'm lucky  i have 3  smile   smile "
"i figure, if i let my tears out now, maybe my soul will be a rainbow tomorrow  smile "
is on the run!
hm  i think i'll go to portland today  smile 
"long weekend, long drive    nap time  love   smile   smile "
misses <propfirst> krueger so very much  love 
don't ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can't be exactly who you are 
"i'll take your bet, but you're gonna regret it; 'cause i'm the best there's ever been!"
"just 2 more days    i'm aiming for first again!! heat 4 swims @ 8:45 which should put me across the finish line between 10 smile 0 and 10:45, for anyone who happens to be in madras around that time!!"
is lonely  annoyed 
so    why did the chicken cross the mobius strip?
so blissfully happy and excited since my awesome friends <propmale> <propfirst> miller and <propmale> <propfirst> mangum came to visit me and cheer me on tomorrow!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile  i'mma take first!!!!!
has the bestest friends ever in the whole wide world!!!
dancing when the stars go blue  love 
ooooooooohhhhh!!! official finish time-- 1:49:29!! i may be pathetic but at least i'm proud of it!!  smile   smile  only 363 days 'til next year's dash!
can't sleep    which has never happened to me before   
mmmm     canning season  love 
i need another fun photoshop project  any ideas volunteers?  smile 
thunderstorm    and no one to cuddle up with  annoyed 
"engineering  where the <propmale> semiskilled laborers execute the vision of those who think and dream  hello, oompa-loompas of science   "
i'm going home!!!!! which means i get to buy my books and go to dixon and see some friends and school is almost here!!!!!! and i can get more cooffffffeeeee  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
anyone know why campus smells so bad?  sad  ick   
new student orientation: day 1  laugh 
girls who like boys that like boys   
"well, it looks like i'm going to have to start learning how to love <propfirst>   "
 love  dixon  love 
"3 new textbooks: $555    the fact that i now have over 2000 pages of statics, nuclear engineering, and applied differential equations to read: priceless  love   laugh "
"some days, i like you  others, i want to push you in front of a bus "
"a bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song"
don't outsmart your common sense
 
"nothing in life should be feared; only understood  now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less "
has successfully pulled an all-nighter! all of you who know how much i love sleep should be very proud  let's just see if i can make it through today without a nap   
"misses <propfemale> bean so much, i'm actually driving to <propfirst> to see her  if that's not friendship, i don't know what is     wink  if anybody knows anything that's going on tonight hit me up!"
"you might be an engineer if: you have no life, and you can prove it mathematically  laugh "
be less curious about people and more curious about ideas 
i love my friends  love   smile 
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  i'm a little bit happy this morning  love 
"oh lover    lover, lover    you don't treat me no good no more   "
you can't spell 'geek' without ee 
three little words: clc  love 
"scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons spock, spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves spock, spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors "
no more math until monday  crying  luckily i have homework for nuclear physics though!!  love 
& <propfemale> bean: the pumpkin-carving masters!!  laugh 
"potato and spinach soup, courtesy of <propfirst> a  mangum  laugh "
"study party in the clc, and you are invited  love   smile   smile "
a conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking 
"feels like a champ!! a really tired, smelly champ   "
i like it against the wall
always tell people you love them; you may not get the <propmale> to tomorrow  love 
smile more; it enhances your face value  laugh 
you think missing me is hard? try missing you   
it's not that blondes have more fun    just that brunettes don't tell  wink 
is thinking about proposing to @<propfemale> bean    but don't tell her and ruin the surprise!!
be safety conscious! 80% of people are caused by accidents!
any fool can know; the point is to understand 
needs new music  any suggestions?
"there is a crow outside my window; and if i had a gun right now, it would be dead "
"waay past my bedtime  i can't resist the beat of a good song though  all in all, another night well spent   love  thanks to oregon state university ballroom dance club!!  laugh "
"for an optimist the glass is half full, for a pessimist it's half empty, and for an engineer it's simply twice bigger than necessary  laugh "
"word of advice: do not play lady gaga while you bake cookies  you will dance, and your cookies will burn "
has happy feelings  laugh 
"you're nothing but a stuck up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder "
taking my wifey for a weekend getaway where sandcastles are a definite possibility  laugh   laugh 
"good is good, but could be better"
that boy is a monster
dinner and a movie  laugh 
"planck length: 0 00000000000000000000000000000000001 m (1x10^-35 m) : any length shorter makes \no physical sense \"""""
"whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it  boldness has genius, power and magic in it "
sometimes i wish i wasn't so rational 
funny how the people who know you best still don't really know you   
just did the calculations: the longest straw you could possibly drink from would be 10 3m long  in case you wanted to know 
if you're not having fun; you're not doing it right 
post this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffersfrom being an oregon ducks fan  being an oregon ducks fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for u of o and sympathy does little to help; but we can raise awareness! 90% of ducks fans won't repost this because they don't know how to copy and paste  (and you know who you are)  go beavs!
is getting a cat and naming him schrödinger  smile 
 smile 
caught between a rock and a crazy place   
let's be friends so we can make out  wink 
i was intimidated by the acronym gsocclhode until i found out is stands for general second order constant coefficient linear homogeneous ordinary differential equation   love  math  smile 
this is the kind of day where i'm skipping coffee and going straight for chocolate milk   
how do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you were born to fly?
learned how to <propfemale>  laugh 
i cook pizza with no tomato
broke my mirror this morning; no good omen for today   
"dear math,\please grow up and solve your own problems  i don't have time to solve yours and mine \love, seeca "
put your past behind you; live for the future  if happiness is your dream make it happen 
i love my brother soooooo much  love   love 
"a ship in harbor is safe, but that's not what ships were built for "
rhythm is a gangsta  laugh 
"if i can reach the stars,\i'll pull one down for you\and shine it on my heart  love "
"sometime i want to copy someone's status word for word, and see if they notice  smile "
"the sun will kiss the afternoon sky\the <propfemale> will kiss the stars so high\the morning dew will kiss the grass\but you, my friend, can kiss my ass"
can someone who's really smart come fix my printer?  sad 
"my most recent news: 85% talking about the weather, 10% avoiding homework, 5% robot unicorn attack     symbolic of the life of a college student much?"
i wish i could cook like my sister 
"if anyone is heading toward salem this afternoon, please call me first  smile  i needs to ask a favor!!"
the most precious heirlooms are the sweet memories our family has bestowed on us
i forgot how much power 94 and peak 104 1 suck  no wonder i never listened to the radio at home 
"portland, it's been far too long  i miss you, and i'm coming to visit "
how to make a christmas tree stand straight 101
"reason #6 to have a christmas tree: when you're feeling sick and miserable and all you want to do is lay down and nap, you still have something simple to take pleasure in  smile "
stay awake (dreams only last for a night)
i might need to give in and invest in pajama pants  it's a serious consideration 
you stand out like mars at perihelion  love 
love stinks
it's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but it's harder to give up when you know it's everything you want  you have to have strength to gain strength 
i officially started a dance party tonight  life mission: complete 
what a beautiful day in such a beautiful life  smile 
a date which will live in infamy
"\it's like the chocolate type of attraction   \"" -<propfemale>"""
anything worth taking seriously is also worth making fun of  smile 
"anyone want to buy a differential equations (mth 256) text, or sell me a mth 306 book?  smile "
"don't blame the flower petals, it's not their fault he doesn't love you   "
"i came home, and yet i still miss my family      sad  my paulie and my jen-jen and <propfemale> mcbeanster and brenty-boo    all so far away  sad "
nothing like blasting old country love songs when you're lonely  love 
if i had a boat i'd go out on the ocean  and if i had a pony i'd ride him on my boat  and we could all together go out on the ocean  me upon my pony on my boat ?
"cleaning, cooking, baking, sewing, and a snowstorm  love "
"unbearable pain, inflicted by those closest to us, is the hardest thing to overcome"
tonight's agenda: dance  smile 
tonight's agenda: changed  car: broken  portland: now my least favorite place  dancing: not happening     sad 
home: corvallis version
i think the discovery channel should be on a different channel every day 
"dear <propfirst> krueger, \i love you  my heart is sore from missing you so much  it is entirely not fair that we are 5,000 <propmale> apart, and every day closer to seeing you again makes me feel just a <propfemale> bit happier  hope your holidays are <propfemale> and the new year eventually brings us together \ love  always,\baby sister"
it was like trying to get relationsip advice by listening to a bunch of bloated sea lions barking at a passing ship
"if you say jesus backwards, it sounds kinda like \sausage\"""""
the adventures of <propfemale> and seeca: ice skating and related failures  smile 
"the city limits of culver, or contains 0 61 square <propmale>  in case anyone was wondering why i refer to my hometown as \small\"" """
snow in corvallis  smile 
"it's not so much what you look like, it's what's on the inside that i can't stand   "
"looking back on 2010, it's pretty tough to say what the best part was  probably a tie between having the bestest best friend <propfemale> bean and having the bestest best friend <propmale> <propfirst> mangum  they're so amazing, and i hope they stay my bestest best friends for the rest of eternity  love "
"dear alarm clock: please die a horrible death  love, seeca  love "
official nerd©
"be yourself, trends come and go "
i have frightfully brutal and extremely unkind words for the postman               
"when i get sad, i stop being sad and start being awesome instead  true story "
"kitteh is coming today, but will very soon be needing a new home!! if anyone wants to save a pretty girl from the shelter let me know!  she's a bundle of love  smile "
homework party: successful  do i want chocolate cake now? yes 
"i am a beaver  but before i was a beaver, i was simply an oregonian  therefore, i owe it to myself to say the following: goooooo ducks!!"
"everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it"
blues tonight  love 
"we do not grow absolutely chronologically  we grow sometimes in one dimension and not in another; partially and unevenly  we are relative  we are mature in one realm, childish in another  the past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in present  live for life itself "
silly girl
"peace does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble, or hard work  it means instead to be in the midst of all those things and still be calm in your heart "
it's been so long it's getting hard to recall just how the dream went   
"beneath the milky twilight, lead me out on the <propfemale>lit floor\lift your open hand, strike up the band and make the fireflies dance\the silver <propfemale> is sparkling\so kiss me  love "
i miss my wife  sad  but i get to see her tomorrow!!!!  laugh   laugh 
the time we spend with those we love is precious  love  don't ever let it slip away
??q??? ?o??? p??oq???????? ??? ?nq??? ?? ???? ?s?l? ??? s??? s???
"somewhere, over the rainbow  smile "
things i don't want to study for: physics 
just in case you ever wondered why you can't bring bromine on a plane    
"aaaaaarrrrrrggggggggg (*english version, not pirate) "
well-behaved women seldom make history  wink 
three things i've learned today: i hate being sick  and actually i don't care about the other two things anymore   
who wants to pull an all-nighter with me?!? (or stay in the library with me until maybe 11 or so when i give up and go home?)
"life is chaos, hope and love"
"\people are stupid  give them a <propmale>      and they'll let you down \"""""
"well now that i've satisfied my craving for eel, i can sleep better tonight "
bought a hat  laugh 
happy monday!!  laugh 
"sometimes, a hug from your best friend just makes the sun shine a little brighter  laugh "
i add extra letters to my words because i'm coooooooooooool like that  wink 
"turn the lights down low, put some music on that's soft and slow    (aka i'm going dancing tonight, if anyone's in the mood for some blues      love  )"
"when you think about it, <propfirst>'s day is kinda the opposite of christmas  on christmas, we go to bed and wake up hoping to get gifts from the ones we love; and on <propfirst>'s day, we get gifts for the ones we love, hoping to go to bed with them  wink "
"love is like pi - natural, irrational, and very important  love "
"pile of homework, will you be my <propfirst>? cause i'm gonna do you  whether you like it or not  love "
i recommend biting off more than you can chew  makes you realize that the impossible really is possible if you put your heart in it 
"sometimes, i smile because i'm happy  sometimes i smile just because i want to  sometimes i smile because i have a reason, and right now that reason is you  smile "
today is a day for good ideas  smile 
math and other four letter words      
i think my profile picture speaks for how well my day is going  laugh 
"\i don't want to be the only one blowing a wiener whistle!!\"" - <propfemale> bean"""
"i know it's easy to say, but it's harder to feel"
hug a tree  they have less problems than people do  love 
i have outgrown my apartment  i don't have enough room in my closet for my new pair of shoes 
i like to see the good in people 
each of us has much to learn about being human
mmmmm red satin sheets  love 
"gonna watch my bestest friend <propmale> mangum kick ass at wrestling tonight, and spend time with my beloved mrs  <propfemale> bean!!!!  smile   love "
i want <propmale> mangum's hipster bahbee'z
"i have a new friend, and i've named him <propfirst>  love "
i love <propmale> mangum  i probably will for the rest of my life 
i get to see my momma today  laugh 
i'm in the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold
heeeey freshman friends  smile  anybody wanna buy a physics book from me??
"\i think i sing so much better when i have a british accent\"" - <propfemale> bean"""
i'm a momma's girl  laugh 
"life changes it's beauty all the time; sometimes it is dark, sometimes it is sunlight  live every moment here, to your hearts content, for the time that is now may not be tomorrow "
"i would take pleasure in a beautiful sunrise, but would i consider the sun a hero for rising?"
"we have to learn for ourselves that waking is better than sleeping, that knowing is better than wondering, and that even the biggest failure can beat the hell out of never trying "
don't judge me because i buy chicken nuggets in the shapes of dinosaurs   
"my fake plants died, because i forgot to pretend to water them "
