a01fc690d4797ac2fe9a6ede9324b17a
"ok, everybody keeps linking to me on this site, so now somebody had better teach me how to use it, lol "
moving stinks!   sad   i haven't even started but i'm getting tired just looking at all these boxes 
we're leaving our house today!
we're having a great time in canada!
the good news: commercials in canada show women nursing   the bad news: those commercials are for formula  ):
"am i the only one who feels skanky when reading that i \only share some of her profile information with *everyone*\""?"""
"let the resolutions begin   tomorrow, that is "
"ok, let the resolutions begin now   happy new year!"
the digital camera ate our christmas pictures   all of them   )-:
can anybody give me three good reasons why we shouldn't move south?
really wishing i had previewed the butter battle book before i read it to zephyr  he didn't exactly get the cold war references; he just thought all the weapons and fighting were cool   )-:
i'm having a hard time reading pushed: the painful truth about childbirth and modern maternity care by <propfemale> block   i can only manage a few pages at a time before i have to put it down or risk a stroke or something   but i still highly recommend it 
"mj has safely made it to karachi, and the kids and i are going to have our own adventure going to see the whale exhibit "
woo hoo!!!!  i just won two tickets on dve to see <propmale> maher!!!  you have no idea how much i've been wanting to go but i didn't think i'd get the <propmale>   i'm soooooo psyched!!!!!!
"is anyone else amused at the anti-arlen spector ads showing dubya praising him?  that's it; dubya thought he was good, no further e playful laination needed, lol "
"thinks that all kids are natural born poets   zephyr's latest: \time doesn't fly but it floats through the air \"""""
"this is a test   this is only a test   had this been real life, you would not have been instructed to sit still and fill in bubbles with a no  2 pencil "
who's going to the venture outdoors festival tomorrow?  i'm still trying to decide   the biggest drawback (besides parking) is that zephyr doesn't weigh enough for the rock climbing   )-:
would anybody come visit us if we moved to greensburg???
"what's this?  you can only add books and music that facebook already knows about??? and you have to use their link thingie, even if it's incorrectly punctuated???"
"i kvetdhed about it endlessly, but now that it's all done i really like having a portfolio of things summer has done over the year "
i totally want to do this! http annoyed  2loop com 3drooms html
why don't idiots get their own planet so we don't have to live next to them?  :{
"i'm feeling like hiding under a rock until this whole thing somehow blows over and we all get back to our happy harmonious normal   too much stress (for all concerned, no doubt  even sitting on the sidelines has me quite upset )"
"what we need is a web site where people can brainstorm all kinds of wild ideas for stopping the oil leak   anyone could contribute--non-engineers, kids, artists, anybody "
so who's going to the rainbow gathering?  i asked before but didn't get any definite answers   i've never even gone camping before let along gone camping alone    surprise 
"just a reminder: the party will not be taking place today   i'm still hoping for more suggestions for good and bad dates   right now, next saturday, the 17th, is looking good   what do you all think?"
how does everybody feel about a party on the 24th?  (and why is everybody so freakin' busy this month?)
is feeling ridiculously proud of herself for single-handly removing a nasty virus from the computer 
could i entice anyone else to rsvp?
http annoyed  eternal-earthbound-pets com home_page html
"thanks to everybody who came to the cookout last night, and to everybody who would have come if they could have    smile "
i don't think i'm gonna like penn-trafford   
"and round one goes to   me! just returned a call from p-t sd wanting a grade level for summer   i informed them that she's not in a grade   they were a bit confused & said they'd never had a homeschooler not declare a grade before   i pointed out that if she were in school, the *school* would determine her grade, not her parents, & that a grade level is not required by law   still a bit confused, she said, ok "
"waaaah!  i got outbid on *every* magazine i bid on on ebay   i had bid on a *ton* of issues of life learning, natural life, and growing without schooling from this seller who must have fantastic taste in magazines  ;-p  i was a little concerned since if i won them all it would cost me like $45, but i figured i'd get outbid on some   but no, i lost every single one   boo hooooooo!"
is there one dentist in the entire tri-state area--or even further at this point--who will let me stay with my little boy while he gets fillings and one baby tooth extraction???????????
"\i am cold and soaked   but in a good way!\"" -- summer upon coming in from playing in the rain """
"we're going to go out to try to view the meteor shower   i don't know how much luck we'll have with that screamingly loud neon billboard blaring into our yard, but we're going to try "
"six years ago today, i had a baby boy   happy sixth birthday, zephyr! ? ? ?"
summer is growing up   physically    annoyed   i'm not ready!
"idlewild anyone?  the kids want to go, and we'd like to go with another family or two so the little ones can go on the little kid rides together and the big kids (and me!) can go on the non-little kid rides   anybody else up for it sometime next week?"
argh!  it finally happened   we got a recommendation for a good pediatric diagnostician and had our appt  w her today to find out why zephyr has been coughing for a year   then we got kicked out of her practice for not vaxing   :-@
"is sick, sick, sick   ugh "
has a sick little boy who needs to stay home and a healthy girl who needs to get to pals   now she just needs to remember that two-places-at-one-time spell   
"so let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything  yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all!"
"moving, not moving, moving not moving, moving cross town, moving out of state, moving, not moving, moving cross town, moving out of state, moving, not moving = *head e playful lodes*"
is freaking out over what to get her mother and her hubby for christmas   neither of them like anything   surprise 
"ok, ok, i'll go do the ironing now "
"\facts are meaningless  you could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!\"" -- <propmale> simpson"""
"the last batch of sugar cookies are cooling   they need to be decorated and i need to make tofu cheesecake then i'm done   oh, after i clean the house and everything    annoyed "
christmas is over   whew!
"ok, so let's say i'm *easing* into my going to bed at a decent time resolution "
"only five and a half more hours until i win $350 million   should i just wait until i can afford a maid, or should i clean up for the camera crew?  hmm   "
"i want you to comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same   (with thanks to lli!)"
"holy moly, is that what ticket prices are going for???  and just how long has it been since i've bought concert tickets anyway?   annoyed \"
booklover's weekend at half price books feb 4-7! share the love by sharing this message! get your own store coupon here: http annoyed  hpb com signup
we don't need no stikin' blu <propfirst> 
"we finally managed to get inception on dvd   if you want to rent a popular movie, today's the day to snag it "
"i just tried to sign summer up for girl scouts   maybe this time they'll actually call back and get her set up instead of calling and then saying they'll call back and then never calling    sad   well, the third time's the charm, right?"
"\nobody is larger than life; life is really big \"" -- zephyr"""
february 2011: the month of things that didn't happen 
"is there a way to directly contact facebook?  somebody signed up using mj's email, and now he's getting all her messages, and i'm not able to message her "
how does <propmale> brezsny always know just what i need to hear?
"\that one's for girls \"" -- father to his young son picking out books at the library  the boy of course put it right back """
"it is the best of times, it is the worst of times   "
"my horoscope: the carnival season gets into full swing this weekend and lasts through mardi gras next tuesday night  wherever you are, taurus, i suggest you use this as an excuse to achieve new levels of mastery in the <propmale> of p<propmale>ying  of all the signs of the zodiac, you're the one that is most in need of and most deserving of getting immersed in rowdy festivities that lead to maximum release and relief "
"just found a cat in the freezer   stuffed, fortunately "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along, 4 words is harder than you think"
i need some sleeeeeeep!
i've got one sick little boy on my hands    sad 
everyone is on the mend 
does anybody know if pals parent jobs have been posted somewhere?
"holy guacamole! <propmale> yaitanes just replied to my tweet   (yeah, i get excited by stuff like that, lol )"
quick--what should i make for dinner tonight?  think fast & easy 
you know it's a good day when both books (from two different libraries) that have been missing for a long time are finally accounted for 
"does anyone know how to find out how serious the damage was in hitachi, in ibaraki prefecture?  i can't seem to find that particular info   was the city of hitachi hit by either the quake or the tsunami?  anybody know?"
trader <propfirst>'s soft-baked snickerdoodles are insidiously yummy and addictive and should not be kept in the vicinity of anyone who needs to lose weight   consider this a public service message 
furthur tix still $140 for two people   *sigh*
are there any organic csas that have a delivery point in monroeville or thereabouts?  and is it too late to get in on one?
"please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone, then do still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh, and the hearts  ? ? ? for goodness sake, don't forget the hearts  ? ?"
"um, should i be concerned that it's pitch black outside?"
every single time   ugh   summer now has a cold   it seems we can't go to pals without *somebody* getting sick   at least this time it's minor and shouldn't last long   no missed classes this time 
"i was on the toilet this morning, eating an awesome tofishy sandwich and   what?? you think there's something wrong with eating in the bathroom? did that gross you out? then why do people suggest that breastfeeding mothers feed their babies in the bathroom? if you're a fan of parents' rights, i dare you to put this up as your status   i'm proudly a huge advocate for breastfeeding!"
ugh 
giving my wallet a spring break with @halfpricebooks coupons! jealous? sign up and get your own: http annoyed  hpb com signup
cutting bus services to reduce costs is like cutting off your feet to save on shoes 
"i got penn-trafford's list of demands today, and i'm really freaking out   i see a big fight in my future   and hopefully a move "
"what does it say about me that i usually prefer the \before\"" picture to the \""after\"" on makeovers?"""
i'm so sick of being sick!
"is there anything more sublime than the ephemeral moment when, lying on your side, you manage to coax your nasal congestion to flow from one side, not directly to the other, but to the hinterland between, and for one brief instant you can breathe?"
"i'm going out   i probably shouldn't, but i haven't been out of the house in over a week and i just need to "
