8c5e4e17db597135da283815cbac52a4
"favorite wedding quote ever:  \first thank god   second thank skype\"" -the groom"""
"so i planted a few pots worth of bulbs a while ago   came inside, was on the computer   i hear <propfemale> come in   she had an armful of the bulbs i just planed, dripping in wet soil   she dumped them on the living room floor, and in my nice shoes   "
fajitas for dinner    we are welcoming guests 
i e    if anyone wants they can come for dinner tonight   around 6ish 
i will remember you <propfirst>!
we came home from spending the evening at <propfirst>'s house   as we got off the freeway i could see billowing smoke coming from the general area of our house    all the empty lots in the neighborhood right behind our house were on fire 
"yesterday evening   went on a hike with <propmale>   got lost in the dark, got stung by stinging nettle, overall an infamously unforgettable trip   the canyon was amazing though   i'll upload a few pictures soon "
<propfemale> decided it was time for us to buy a new rice pot
"for <propfirst>   \if you can count your money you don't have a billion dollars\"" -j <propfirst> getty"""
"sorry guys, no more energy packs for a week    i'm off to our northern neighbor, canada "
uploading photos from stage 1 of the trip
up too late again    can't sleep in a room that's at least 85 degrees f    did some more living today 
more pictures too
finished up our last full day in calgary   no pictures today   heading out in the morning for glacier np    someone at the festival said it's more beautiful than banff    we'll see   pray for safe travels and a dry night tomorrow night as i think we may b
oh yah    the festival    another amazing day!  <propfirst> <propfemale> (formerly of barenaked ladies) performed   i was looking forward to that   the highlight of the evening was bellowhead   we danced so hard i could hardly breathe (or stand) when we were done    w
pictures will come either tomorrow evening or sometime tuesday   
<propmale> horton's is the bomb 
anyone want to float the river tomorrow afternoon?
amazing home-made dinner tonight    the only problem is that we didn't start eating till about 11 pm
i'm quite freaked out by the whole killing of gas guzzling cars   it just doesn't seem right to destroy perfectly good cars like that    what is it we're trying to accomplish?
nothing better than an am thunderstorm!
thinking about the chs reunion this weekend    hope everyone is enjoying it 
nice day in cascade 
feeling at about 95% or better    time to go camping!
working long hours this week    it's actually kind of nice 
"thank you all!  though it was a little stressful i had a wonderful day thanks to my wife, and everyone that called and or posted on fb to wish me a happy birthday "
mmmm   home made whole wheat spinach cheese ravioli with tomato cream sauce    nearing the end of the first of 3 days of cooking 
"ok   i guess i'm relatively new to this event scheduling thing    i couldn't figure out how to do the facebook event scheduler, so i tried evite    feel free to respond to either but i think any future updates will be through the facebook events <propfemale> "
rough start to a new week    but the near future holds a little promise    and i just saw a cricket scurry across my living room floor   aren't crickets good luck or something?
(30 minutes of errands)x(3 kids)=5 hours productivity is low 
(30 minutes of errands)x(3 kids)=5 hours       productivity is low 
it's snowing out here 
just got done laying down a nice sheet of formica on my newly finished garage cabinets 
going to make french onion soup for dinner tonight 
waiting for <propfemale> to finish freshening up so we can walk over to the swell season concert tonight 
"perfect first day of our 10 year anniversary 'trip'   the swell season was the absolute best concert i have ever seen   <propmale> hansard is a true, true artist "
11 months   it's time to change the profile pic 
mmm   negroni             just what i need after an epic battle with cracked pepper pasta 
"why is it so difficult to delete your \windows\"" folder?  it's taking up too much space on my hard drive """
"spent the day working on the computer   deleted about 1tb worth of duplicate and unnecessary files and organized the rest   updated drivers, etc   i feel so clean now     a couple weeks ago i finished organizing and cleaning my shop (i e  garage)   now i just need to spend a week or two on my office and darkroom    and i suppose the whole house could use a going-over, but that's much harder for me "
well    we bottomed out at -5 8 degrees f 
you mean i have to lick all those envelopes?!
"yes, today is my 10th anniversary and i just want to thank god for giving me my perfect help-mate "
"going up skiing with my sister and dad and <propmale> and my sister's boyfriend     hilary, thank you for calling the day before!"
4 more minutes    then i'll be married to a 30 year old
"is taking part in doppelgangerweek! during this week change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete) you have been told you look like   and repost this message "
"last minute invite  i know it's kind of late, but any of you in the treasure valley are invited out to caldwell tonight to watch lost   i'll be making chicago style pizza for people to eat   mmmmm"
only 28 more minutes!
what special is on february 20th?
answers!
jane:   no!  no!  <propfemale> haire!   ta-tiaaa!        [snow! snow! my hair!  ta-da!]
"took the kids to succor creek today   they were throwing rocks into the water when <propfemale> ran over and frightfully yells \daddy! spider!\""  i assured her there was no spider but asked her to show it to me anyway   she took me to a rather large crayfish (or crawdad) struggling to detangle itself from some fishing line   i've never seen one of those around here    and it was very large (about 6\"" long) """
"it seems noone i know is planning anything for the \big game\""     what's with that?"""
got to sit in the cockpit of the air st  lukes helicopter today    very cool
"get to spend the whole day, the whole week even, at the mall "
workin' lots 
our <propfemale> is crazy
the last couple weeks of august and first week of september are going to be awesome     08-17 4 free tickets to dmb in slc   8-31 4 tickets to dmb in boise   9-3 through 9-5 dmb at the gorge!  tickets are confirmed and on their way 
final sheet of polaroid 803 shot today   98% success 
worked too many hours today    got home way too late      
off to oregon and then on to ca    please pray for safe travels and a good trip 
what you said peanut head?
"baked my first brioche   <propfemale> <propfemale> may have said \let them eat brioche \"" instead of the popularized \""let them eat cake \"" what is brioche you ask?  basically bread who's dough contains 33% butter    that's 4 sticks of butter in 3 small loaves """
i wanna live in a wooden house    where making more friends would be easy 
off to the reuseum 
thanks <propfemale>!
i think i successfully installed a new power steering pump    smile          and spilled upwards of 3 quarts of power steering fluid on the driveway   sad 
$50 for 8 rounds free and a bunch of buy one get one free rounds at eagle hills golf course    cool!  anyone want to go golfing?
mmm    the smell of 'authentic' french bread fills the house 
trying this new thing called exercise   we'll see if it helps 
just found out i'm headed to sacramento tomorrow morning   then on to mission viejo the next week 
#1 animal style   
"shrimp scampi, steamed artichoke and a martini on the porch      ahh    i miss my wife, but this sure is nice "
done in sac    headed south tomorrow    gonna hit the beach 
chillin' in the oc             wink 
the derby    dueling piano bar and jewish deli   made for an interesting evening out 
so today it hit me    i miss my kids   it must be the fact that in the mall that i'm working in half the stores are kids stores and a large percentage of the people there are pushing strollers 
of course i really miss my wife too 
"so, i know it's laguna beach    but isn't $9 for a glass of beer a little extreme?"
going to cruise up the pch this morning    up way too late last night combing the beach at <propfirst> point
was mistaken for a movie <propfemale> yesterday  who do you suppose they thought i was?
going home tomorrow
check that   going home now!
"the road was good, but home is always better "
shooting makes one sore
1 3 of the way through the wedding season
is there anyone else that still hasn't seen the final episode of lost (and wants to)?
out planting the garden (lots of weeding and tilling in preparation for as well)
we have 2 extra tickets to see dmb on august 31   ga floor (standing)   anyone want to go with us?  <propmale>?  so sorry you'll be gone ahbe!
18 holes at falcon crest has to be the same walking distance as 27 holes anywhere else!
played sketchup with my sister over skype for 2 1 2 hours tonight!
"today's high    a full 20 degrees below 'average'     come on summer, get here!"
"we see <propfemale> sneaking out of bed, so i go to put her back   <propfemale> \i want to <propfemale> out \"""""
"<propfemale>, our almost 3 year old just informed me that she wants to be called by her middle name, <propfemale> "
<propfemale> insists on having apple pie on her pizza     you know   the yellow bits that go with canadian bacon 
and the thunder rolls     
11 pm is way too late for the whole family to get home from the day's events    especially when we all need to be up and out of the house by 7 tomorrow morning for another full day of events 
"eyes are very sleepy, mind is very not    + muscles are very sore "
made it halfway through the 2010 wedding season 
"baking bug bites again    banana bread, chocolate chip cookies, and sourdough bread "
"all ready to go   leaving tomorrow am to drive to shelter cove, ca for a 5 day 4 night backpacking trip along the lost coast of california   then a day e playful loring san <propfirst> before coming home "
civilization!!!!!!!!!!!!
big fat gyros for lunch   mmmmmm
looking forward to making a nice dinner for my family tonight 
"<propfemale> \pick me up! pick me up!  put computer down! pick me up!\"""""
"i've done all my work with the images    now the computer needs to process them for an hour or so, then on to an hour of uploading "
more to come    fb uploading isn't running so smoothly with 4 of the 5 people in the house trying to use the internet 
going <propfemale> picking tomorrow
just received the best wedding invitation i have ever received!  i am so absolutely excited!
ok     2 weeks     gotta get it done!
thanks to heirloom dance studio for the great opportunity to learn how to dance    one of these days i'll actually figure it out!
"it's 2 surprise 6 am and no one, not even tet, is on fb right now     playful "
dmb tickets just arrived in the mail!
tucanos = good
"asher made a gun from legos, he's going around shooting everything in sight     jane made a gun from legos, it's a pretty gun, for mommy "
first bite of my own <propfemale> jelly    how will it be?
"went to matisyahu last night     concert was good, but too loud    and some teenie-bopper complained to me that my mullet was blocking her view   do i have a mullet?"
the kids made it through their first movie theater e playful erience   they seemed to enjoy it though i question how much they really got out of it   ts3 was good 
successful weekend of 'firsts' for the kids   thanks <propfemale> <propfirst> for inviting us to the party 
got an invitation to the official lost auction   checking out some of sun's costumes (maybe <propfemale> could wear them) and really want to find whidmore's bottle of whiskey 
my kids never tire of excitedly pointing out that there are hot dogs inside their corn dogs
getting ready to leave town tomorrow    stressed and excited 
in grangeville
awesome concert     annoying concertgoers     who stands right up next to the stage and chats with their friends through the whole concert?!
got hit hard in the head a couple weeks ago   when i came to i had bad allergies and an intense craving for something spicy to eat   in my pursuit to satisfy this craving i'm steping it up a notch this evening   a habanero pepper in my chili carlic shrimp   everyone in the house started coughing when i started cooking     now it's time for the first bite    
"i love all the birthday wishes, and how fb helps make it happen    makes for a fun day   the greatest part was hearing all 3 of my kids singing happy birthday to me!"
on the road again    in idaho falls this time 
home again home again jiggity jig   got to see the grand tetons and crater's of the moon    cool 
"came to the bizarre realization that i have never seen toy story   i thought i had, but the kids are watching it and none of it looks familiar "
"under capitalism man e playful loits man, under communism it's exactly the opposite "
making ketchup     (true to my style i'm also making a half dozen other things today)
"the colorful habanero peppers were a bit too tempting for <propfemale>, but she didn't cry, just informed us that her mouth hurt a lot   i think she thought the ice cream was worth it   and she encouraged asher to eat one so he could get ice cream "
"buy a truck, get a gun promotion at a local auto dealership     only in idaho"
goodbye 5d   you served me well 
made it safely over the river and through the woods 
"car broke down    initial estimates to repair = $5,000"
excited to see that there are still jobs available at scaled composites   can't wait to add them to my list of employers 
kitchen aid mixer broke today   not sure if i should be happy or sad 
since when does boise have a <propmale> and <propfirst>'s downtown?
who is <propfirst> brown anyway?
idaho's deq has got to be the worst run government entity ever 
sent from my iphone
hearing <propfirst> playing in the kitchen     suppose there's any <propmale> i may end up with banana  pancakes this morning?
i should just end it now   reading up on how to manage acid reflux and two of the top things they tell you to avoid are milk and chocolate   since those two things pretty much comprise 80% of my diet what exactly am i supposed to do?
"t-shirt weather at noon yesterday, blowing snow just before noon today "
"everyone can come over and play ultimate frisbee at our new house, in our back yard   just up the hill from k a  park, i think it's that big"
"new marketing idea   gatorade with a pack of aspirin attached   and put it in the front of the store, not the back"
we got the house!  we sign the lease in the morning and start moving in right away   i'll upload a video tour tomorrow 
"i think unpacking will take months \i'm not understanding how some people do it in a matter of days "
<propfirst> jessup me \jane," where did we go yesterday?\""\"8c5e4e17db597135da283815cbac52a4,"there's a first for everything   made bread today but forgot to add the yeast     tried kneading it in an hour later, we'll see if it works "
exercised my inner libertarian and made my shower flow at a rate higher than the epa wants it to   now i can shower in half the time!
