30750cdf3774d04cb4988641746d88c3
ouch  sunburn  ):
i dont get facebook! d:
belly button piercing and a knarly tan line 
i  love  my family 
marching band!
boys are stupid   playful 
"booooooooy, you drive me crazy  ]x"
<propfirst> is stupid   playful   love  but new phone coming in next week! i gots me an iphizzle 
what do you think?
ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just do it  im in the mood  nothing can stop me  this song is inspiration  i need to see you 
is confuzzled! x)
needs to take a shower  but is also very lazy  x)
is happy panda   laugh dd
needs to brush her teeth   playful  and he still drives me crazy 
psat's and football game  its gonna be a long day   laugh 
yesterday was great  today was chill  now im eating a baked potato and a veggie burger  it was a good weekend  [:
is going fucking crazy  in a good way   laugh  i lub mah lyfe 
has the best things in life  and oh so grateful  [:
is sad panda  stupidness   playful  i dont like these stupid little games we play 
"is too    stressed to be awake  so, on that note: goodnight!"
"i feel the need to say \i love my life\"" all the time  because its true  [:"""
misses her family more than anything in the world  d:
is falling again  but is it a bad thing? aye tink nawt   smile 
permit tomorrow!!
last night was fun   laugh 
what in the hell?  laugh 
has sciurophobia   laugh  i can't even pronounce that 
oh shit  butterflies again   playful 
homecoming  so close   scared panda!! d:
oh my god  last night was amazing  go lunas!!!!
family dinner tonight  whoo!
has to do practice charts! goodnight   smile 
cant sleep   playful 
ahhh! had a great night  [: excited for tomorrow! good luck marching band!
is clean  still tired though  fucking school tomorrow!?!? d: oh well 
good night! see most of you tomorrow  much love!  love 
ahhh!!!!!! i dont know!
happy thanksgiving everybody!  laugh 
"hoh, i need to stop thinking   playful "
is procrastinating! dx
just learned falling slowly on the guitar and got her sax today   laugh 
wants to learn how to cook!!
loves nevershoutnever! oahu tomorrow   smile 
"i want to do so many things in life, why only do a few?"
"okay, so now i'm completely obsessed with <propfemale> <propmale> "
good day today  but i'm ready to go home 
happy 2011 everyone!! hope everyone has a good one!  joyful 
happy 7 months   smile 
i think its time to get working on my resolutions   joyful 
this year is turning out to be pretty great so far   laugh 
is gonna do an acoustic version of mad by ne-yo and try to learn if it kills me by <propfirst> mraz  good luck me!
just learned fireflies by owl city on guitar 
hahaha  bamboozle is an actual word in the dictionary   laugh  look it up 
am i the only one who takes this seriously? i'm getting sick of this! i need some reassurance here 
just saw blind side  super sad! d: but it was a really good movie 
"goodnight, travel well   smile "
i want to smack him right now   playful  but i'll learn cannonball instead 
beach day! friday hopefully  talk to me about it if you wanna come!  smile 
"so, i think that we should plan a trip to <propfemale>, since i've never been there "
blegh   playful  online classes 
is procrastinating and is looking up colleges instead of working on my online classes 
"oh god, i'm all into looking up colleges now  this is not good  i'm just thinking of all the seniors that are leaving this year  and now i'm afraid of leaving for college, even though its more than a year and a half away  ]: sad panda "
hey! does sfsu have a marching band? yahoo answers says yes but i cant find anything about it!
great game tonight! pretty intense  i have blisters on my hands from playing! who in gods name would put a game on monday? gaaawwwsh  x]
"<propfemale>, g'night all  ask me questions! formspring me asksierra"
whats with everyone putting celebrities pictures as theyre profile pic?
"haha, i love <propfemale> cake  is it spelled paddy or <propfemale>?"
"has decided to actually go to sophomore banquet, even though i don't really want to  oh well, it'll be fun?"
"oh my fucking god  i can't take this, he's pissing me off so bad  ]: i don't know what to do with him "
is feeling not so angry anymore  just worried 
online shoe shopping!
this weekend  stress relieving will happen  lots of it  destruction will most likely will take place  x]
wants to cut her bangs 
gah! i need a camera 
"wow, i cannot believe how many truly amazing and talented people i have the pleasure of knowing being friends with  i want to vlog about it "
"yesterday was a pretty freakin amazing valentines day, surprisingly  today is an 'i love <propfemale>' marathon  life is good   smile "
sunburn from the car wash  d: please tell me that was the last one!
pictures up from the banquet  i finally have pictures with me antd <propfirst>  yay   smile 
is a happy camper   laugh 
"so, how is everyone?"
i am so content  still some work to do though   smile 
zee avi love   i feel like songwriting 
facebook totally dominates myspace 
i might want to dye my hair blonde 
"hahaha, there's a wireless server that picks up around my house called pirate robs backdoor bang fest   laugh "
sad panda 
i want to be a cat for halloween  who wants to be the mungojerrie to my rumpleteazer!?!
i gots me a job   laugh 
"if you touch me, you'll understand what happiness is "
so much to do  i just hope i can see tywer today   smile 
"to be honest, i'm starting to miss vegas a lot lately  i miss my family  i miss the constant surroundings of talent and dysfunction  i miss my cat  i miss being able to randomly break out into song and dance with gianni  i miss watching old movies with <propfemale>  miss my babies! i feel like so much is changing without me  though i love it here, i can never replace my family "
"dammit, someone go upload their prom pictures so i can steal them! cough cough <propfemale>!"
damn you mr  <propfirst>! damn you and your five <propfemale> reflection!!!!!
what the hell? i haven't felt like this in a while  am i   depressed?
omegle it is 
"i miss las vegas  i want to go to the galleria mall  i want to play with my nieces and nephews  i want to breathe the dry, cigarette and cheap perfume infested air! i miss the mountains  i want to return to where everything was fake and familiar  to where i didnt care if people left me  to where real feelings didnt matter  everything hurt way less  because there, i just 'got by'  here, its different "
i want a croissant sandwich   playful  goodnight all 
happy birthday <propmale>! love you! had a great time at genkis with everyone   smile 
cut mah bangs   laugh 
"wants to go out and do something! to do: clean room, do laundry, brush teeth, do dishes, go jogging, fix things "
fast car by <propfirst> chapman   love  song of the week 
holy crap  311 is playing at the macc and i'm not seeing them!?!
i smell weed 
fuck  i need something to do  help me!
wow  this weekend kinda sucked  i want school to start already 
off to yogurtland!  laugh 
maybe we can make a deal  maybe together we can get somewhere smile 
i  hate  online classes  its as simple as that  i never thought that i could procrastinate so much in my life  until i signed up for eleventh grade english   playful 
off to bed  looking for a change smile 
"you've gotta fast car, is it fast enough so we can fly away? we've gotta make a decision  leave tonight or live and die this way "
watching couples retreat with my parents   awkward?
starts work on saturday   smile 
good first day of work   smile  come visit me at the banyan tree tomorrow!
"oooooh jeez, i wish i had something meaningful to fill my time   playful "
"daaaayuuum, i need my own computer   playful "
i fully want a <propfemale> secret swim suit  i hate having saggy boobies when i swim   playful 
ah! so many 'happy birthdays' already! so many pandas!!!! i have a feeling 16 is gonna be a good one   laugh  thanks everyone!
"so, i feel like shit  and am not going to school tomorrow  that'll give me some time to work on some stuff "
"this is completely random and out of the blue, but i love my boyfriend  (most of the time)  laugh "
i want jamba juice & <propfirst> 
i definitely need a tan  and i wanna go paintball 
i really want a puppy!!!!
"i stay home from school and what i hear all day is my neighbors laughing like crazy  are they fucking drunk? since like, 9 am?"
will somebody please wisk me away to portland?!?!
"ya, so i still feel pretty awful  no can breathe, but i have to go to school   sad  gee, i wish there weren't so many band things happening these next couple weeks "
"um  so my mom got my hopes up about getting a puppy  and like always, she broke her promise  now, i'm not complaining  i'm just extremely disappointed   sad  i have to write her boyfriend a letter of persuasion so that he'll \maybe think about it\""  we live with him  but i still have to write him a letter """
"i am sick of high school  i'm still waiting for portland  or rather, portlands waiting for me  > laugh "
is it just me? or do songs sound better on commercials?
and so i've decided that tomorrow will be a good day  since it'll be new and all   laugh 
"so, i can't hear very well  none the less, i can't hear myself play the french horn    there's a concert tonight and tomorrow  o____o"
holy crap!!!! who has an extra white button up shirt that they can lend and get to me within the next 2 hours!?!
off to another busy busy day   playful  i hope i don't get horrible grades this quarter 
"okay, i've seen the same commercials at least twice every break  comedy central needs new commercials "
i have so much to do  mom! get out of the room so i can concentrate!
today was a great 'school' day   wink 
"hmmm  dye my hair blonde? yes, i know i'm still debating over this "
just got my aloha concert dress  its very   touristy to say the least  thanks kawen for helping me out!  laugh 
"oh god  this will never end, will it? why must things be so confusing?"
yep  i've decided that i realized that i'm a horrible person 
what the fuuuucckkk!?!?!?!?!?!?!
yeah  i'm in love with him 
i think i'm gonna stick with bass and be bass leader   laugh 
so yes  i have decided to stay bass  and so has brynne   laugh  so i think next years marching band   will indeed be super kickass  lhs drumline ftw!!!
i hate online classes 
"shit, i was on a role and my phone died!!!"
"oh god, i hope my hair grows out before senior portraits   playful "
"i've decided that next year will officially be the best ever  senior year baby! i'm a music department officer, i'm joining the bowling team, i'm bass line leader, and i can start over again  yes m'lady  life is good   smile "
"sudden decisions: i want to marry a singer, and next year i want to vlog and write songs  a lot  and i want to become a better singer   smile  that is all "
goddamn this dream house project   playful 
fml
"oh, god please let these next few days pass already!"
okay  i want all the seasons of glee on dvd   playful  now 
i want a panda pillow pet!
today's gonna suck so much   crying 
"cried my eyes out tonight, but it wasn't as bad as i thought it would be  still sad though, and hoping everything will get better  congrats to all the seniors! i'll miss you guys! come and visit me   playful "
worst  day   ever 
doesn't know what to do now 
i'm just    not gonna think about it  yaa   annoyed 
you know what?   shit happens 
i got a <propfemale>   laugh 
"monday, kalen came back and we saw <propmale> of persia with the guys  yesterday, hiked up to the l  today, kianas grad party  ya, good summer so far   laugh "
"everyones doing this, so i will too  like this if you want me to tell you something i like about you or something positive about you!  smile "
i like how everyone is going to the beach today but i cannot! dx
must   have   dairy <propfemale>!
"my cat is sleeping on my neck, but my neck is in a really uncomfortable position  i don't wanna move my neck because i'll wake her up and she's too cute to disturb!!!"
wave o' babies!
fuck me  ):
"oh, how i want to be alone  but i don't want anyone to leave me  bad <propfemale>! stop being so indecisive!  playful "
methinks i should really stop telling everybody everything 
i  love  coldplay 
"yes, i would like one plane ticket back to las vegas please  one way "
"oh, yeah  i'm soooooooo not over it  fuck the seventh  and next time people go beach, i wanna come!"
"? \nobody said it was easy  it's such a shame for us to part   \"" ?"""
i must write songs  then everything will make sense 
waiting for el bus  off to whalers  hoping i won't get sunburn 
new day    just one at a time 
one word: roadmothafuckingtrip!!!!!!!
i think i'm gonna do this   smile 
lights will guide you home    love 
anyone know where i can find the first episode of glee online?
"good golly gosh, glee gets me so giddy!!!!!!!"
booooo online classes ;p
i want my glasses!  annoyed 
off to lanai tomorrow!  camping camping camping blargh  epic! ;p
"goddamn, i hate being home "
"aaaannnddd this is me packing, laterz!"
home!!!!! yes   smile 
toy story 3 = epic effing win  it has totoro in it!!!!  laugh 
watching glee on hulu  gotta love summer  ^____^
me want go oahu! must see cousin whos not really my cousin!!!!! d;
"going oahu! be back before the 1st, so let's go beach!"
soooo sunburnt  xo
me want tattoo!
i've been a little too obsessed with rascal flatts and <propfirst> swift lately   what is this crap?!?
"\that's why i pay taxes  it keeps garbage men earning a living  so they can afford tacos  for their family \"""""
dude! last day on oahu  what to do?
is gaga for lady gaga!  laugh  i blame <propmale> k  m  <propfirst>  ;p
okay  got back from oahu  and my phone is broken  shit 
faaawwwwk  so not cool  x[ i'm so indecisive 
blahblahblahfmld:
needs to go somewhere new 
"i know it's like, 3 months early but i'm fully stoking on halloween this year!"
another job please?
should i make a tumblr???
i was looking at old pictures and realized that i got fat! dx
newest favorite person!: <propmale> vujicic   smile 
i fucked up   again 
okay  so time to focus on my online classes  and get some things done finally   annoyed 
and my stomach just dropped and i feel like the biggest bitch in history  good job dumbass 
mi sento così solo  <propfemale> ho ancora la speranza che <propfemale> cose andranno meglio 
too many tumblr themes!!!  annoyed 
"is it just me or are there a lot of things happening on the 29th? hmmm, curious "
i go see movie now! ;p
"fawwwkkk, my phone is effed up  i cant get texts, so if you need to get ahold of me, then call me! ;p"
"i promise i'll be kind, but i won't stop until that boy is mine  ;p seriously "
"ummmmmmmmmmm, hi  like this status and i'll say what i like, dislike, my first impression and\ a confession about you  ya   laugh "
who wants to go see despicable me with me!?!  annoyed 
it's gotten to the point where i hate wearing bras nowadays ;p
my legs hurt  i'm going to bed now  )':
"okay, i lied  i didnt go to bed  i've been reading fmls for the past hour to make me feel better about myself  fml "
"blaahhh, blonde? ;p"
it's raining!?!
oh  buh bye rain 
do i smell bacon?
"damn, i've been thinking about it a lot  i want to dye my hair blonde! like, legit my decision  wtf?!?"
why is it that all the cute and talented singer songwriters on youtube are in different countries!?!?!
is pulling an all-nighter tonight  i need to get some work done  ;p
i'm gettin' there  ^__^
"omg, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, progress has been made! > laugh "
"reeeaally want to do something new with my hair  dye it blonde? cut it short? both? just highlight? layers? fck, my hair is so bleh!  annoyed "
i am extremely bored and not tired in anyway   surprise  shit sucks 
is soooooooo transferring out of ap lit 
"oh damn, i'm such a geek but i cant wait for marching and bowling season to start!!! ^__^"
rethinking about what i want to do with my life   annoyed 
despicable me at 4:15   joyful  tell me if you wanna come 
gotta fix my schedule for school   annoyed 
crossfire by <propfirst> flowers  love 
how did this happen? why am i such a lady gaga junkie?  annoyed 
i hate when i have no notifications   annoyed 
does someone want to buy me ticket to vegas?
hey guys!!! i'm on the l   laugh 
is grounded  fawwwwwk   annoyed 
watching the peaceful warrior and really craving vanilla coke   playful 
"fffffuuuuuuuu, so not ready for school   playful "
"shit, i keep forgetting that there's school tomorrow  t t"
school shopping  needs to happen  soon 
fml ):
i have the biggest urge to watch disney's hercules!!!  playful  i love that movie 
super duper stressed   playful 
is officially no longer graduating early   annoyed 
tomorrow is friday the 13th  any scary movie suggestions? (besides friday the 13th  playful )
is time for homework   playful  happy birthday izzy!
wants to be lady gaga 
no school friday = movie marathon with kalen! > laugh 
has to work on friday and saturday  d;
ipod- international place of deliciousness  wink 
okay  i've decided that i really want to have a career that's theatre related   joyful 
must  take  shower   too  far  away!!! d:
i hate my 2nd period   playful 
looking up college stuff   again   playful 
"tennessee, portland, or <propfemale>?  annoyed  or someplace else?"
is feeling a little sick   playful  dammit kalen!
i want starbucks   annoyed 
soooo much to do this week  o:
so  tired  but so much  to do  f  ml  ox
"good game tonight lunas! so tired, so sleepy time   joyful  g'night y'all "
"gaaahhh, i have to work today  ew  come visit me!!!  playful "
so  much  math  > >
not again   annoyed 
i  love  fastweb com!  joyful 
today will get better  right?   please?
i want jamba juice and kalen   playful 
tarzan makes it all better   joyful 
me = wants to go back to vegas  ):
i fully want a <propfemale> bar right now   surprise 
hmmm  i'm going to cut my bangs this weekend   joyful 
i need sweater vests and earrings  ;p
tomorrow is a homework day  all day  fo real kine  ;p
just because everythings changing doesn't mean it's never been this way before 
so pick a <propfemale> on the dark horizon and follow the light  love 
want tattoos!!!!!
challenge for the day: be positive! all day   joyful 
fucking homework being a douche by not being easy for me   annoyed 
"so, the new <propfirst> flowers cd = sex "
doesn't feel very good  ):
"hey!! practice charts due tomorrow!!!! by morning recess, fools  do it   playful "
"what is that? glee season 1 box set? yes, right to the top of my christmas list!  laugh "
i'm breaking out  d:
watching cabaret and wishing i could pull off a short haircut like <propfemale>   wink 
no lindor truffles! i do not dream in chocolate  so stop trying to seduce me  =p
i am craving so many things! like ihop   playful 
magic bananas!
somebody come visit me at work! o:<
"i don't always drink soda  but when i do, it's vanilla coke "
practice charts! due tomorrow by morning recess! > surprise 
learned you and i on the uke   smile  pretty successful monday 
good morning everyone!  laugh  let's have a great day!
parade today   laugh  let's go lunas band and cheerleaders!
super duper tired from marching the parade  excited for tomorrow and the rest of the break!
i am so happy   smile 
fair tonight!  laugh 
my tummy hurts from all the crap i ate at the fair   annoyed 
"oh, and mission: clothes pin random strangers accomplished   wink "
is bored  and wants starbucks 
i hate when people start every word with a capital letter  it is very annoying and uncomfortable to read  i can't help but read each word like the beginning of a sentence 
why am i so starving? my hunger is keeping me from sleeping! d:
let's go do something before marching practice!
"lhs marching band!!!! if you don't have a legit reason to not show up to practice, you better be there!"
<propfirst> <propmale> had cotton <propfemale>  your argument is invalid!
"my day started with asian fangirls and <propfemale> on a scenic drive blasting music, and it ended with my two bestfriends watching scary movies and the avatar: the last airbender series with pudding and oreos  in conclusion: i had a pretty damn good day   smile "
cinnamon toast crunch!!!!
i have concluded that i am a true hick  i love cowboy hats   joyful 
hello left nostril  why won't you stop being stuffed!?!?!?
is that rain i see!?!? o___o
"\maybe i should just dye my skin korean!\"" -kalen"""
"so you know sometimes on google they make you type in a word to see if you're 'human' or whatever? the word i just got was \dookey\""   laugh """
i feel like watching sky high  what is wrong with me?
lhs marching band!!! tomorrow is our last practice before homecoming! work hard and show <propfirst> that we can march the show! make this year this great for everyone!  joyful 
finish ap world history work? or pick out an outfit for crazy day?
i want stuffed crust pizza  ):
lhs marching band!!!! don't forget that we're wearing our class a's so wear a white t shirt! and long black socks!!! with marching shoes   playful 
lhs marching band! homecoming tonight! good luck everyone! and make sure to please gaga!!!!  laugh 
i miss kalen  d:
fuck!!!!!! i had to work today!
studying for another ap world test   playful 
is there anything important happening tomorrow? i don't think i'm going to school  ):
"i might be really slow, but when is relay for life this year? i wanted to do it "
hopefully today will be better  md officer meeting or bowling today? >~<
i could use some pie right about   now 
people who are going to the meeting tomorrow for all state marching band thingy for new york! i cannot go  can somebody grab papers for me and fill out anything or whatever is being done there   playful  please and thank you!!!
that's cool    syke!  annoyed 
its so exciting im gonna die!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"okay, bring it on! hopefully this week is better than last  ^~^"
<propfemale> nguyen!! stop posting shinee stuff on my tumblr! >~<
"dye hair, <propfemale>'s day parade, oregon summer trip, kawaii kon   y'know what this means? its time for me to make more money  ;p"
omg life   annoyed 
things are turning around   smile 
morning coffee with no power and a side of rain&wind?  smile  yes please 
i love boots  it'd be nice if i had pair   annoyed 
is still hoping 
kalen <propmale> willits and <propfirst> <propmale> <propfemale> white!!!! come pick me up! d:
"dear aleia natividad,\happy birthday my child! mama will come visit you later today  and we shall have sexy time  and i will give you me extra ghetto gift   joyful "
i need a job   annoyed 
i  love  <propfirst> <propmale>
cross your fingers! i really want this job!
lets go see due date!  laugh 
<propmale> is so much cooler than me   smile 
so    i think i'm starting to like myself   smile 
can i be <propfirst> swift?
"i've got goals  that counts for something, right?"
i want a musibi!
omg deep fried musibi and strawberry milkshake whoppers! o:
online x-mas shopping!  laugh 
glee and dancing with the stars?! d: but i need to do homework!
teenage dream!!! i love glee!  laugh 
i love cornbread!  laugh 
i'm not going to lie  sex and the city is my guilty pleasure   annoyed 
what do you do with a negative e playful onent in synthetic division?
i wish it got cold here  ): i miss the holiday feelings 
"oh my lanta, i cannot sleep!  playful "
"without fail, my mother strikes again   annoyed  good morning to you too, bitch "
you suck 
i need to go online shopping!
"lhs concert  jazz band!!!!!\listen up!"
"well, at least i don't have to take ap next year   annoyed "
damn it facebook! why are you so distracting?!? i need to get shit done!
"hey! people in ap world history!!!!! i know its kinda late, but did you guys find anything on the essay question?  playful "
"mom, why do you double-click everything? it's not the 90's "
"new house shopping? sounds mighty fine to me, mhm   smile "
"well guys, i finally got an 808 phone   annoyed  my new number is (80 smile  446-6500 "
okay! feeling less cranky and i have a decision to make: laptop or tattoo for x-mas???
"i've been sneezy all day  d: it's like for every sneeze i've ever lost, i've made up for it today  on the bright side, i finished two <propmale> projects today   laugh "
you are causing unnecessary shit 
"i smell coffee    oh no, more sneezes!"
"you are annoying, go die "
"dear essay,\please finish yourself and sound awesome so that i can shower and sleep at a reasonable hour  ( annoyed -thanks!"
neeeeeeeeeds a laptop!
"what's with people startin shit? fuck dude, get over it "
tron was great  thumbs up   smile 
"oh my jeez, my charger is flipping out! @_@"
"things to do tomorrow today: wrap my moms present  drool over lush items, tattoos and colleges  practice my music  disaster <propfemale> at the hard rock? and watch all the episodes of glee that i've missed   laugh \\bring it on "
"type your name: <propfemale> stevens\with your elbow: <propfemale> stevens\with your nose: <propfemale> stevs\eyes closed, one finger: <propfemale> srevebs\      set as status and don't erase mistakes"
"is gonna make cookies today!  laugh  \and i want a tattoo   playful "
"best  christmas  ever  \happy christmas everyone!  smile "
random shower of rain?  laugh 
i want the perfect sit-up!
you guys are ruining my day  stop it 
it's sad when the highlight of my day is showering 
"alright, i'm gonna say it: i love country   love "
new laptop= new music   laugh  any suggestions?
vegas people! lets skype   laugh 
i want to dye my hair again!
what has this break done to me?! im watching <propfemale> montana  d:
does anyone know where the place to get your liquor license is in lahaina?  playful  and their hours?
scared and excited for tomorrow  but i have faith that this year will still be good anyway   wink 
"okay, so the topic for my french project kinda sucks  cant really find any info  any ideas please?"
crappily done french research outline is finished  now to study for the first ap test of the new year  d:
like this status if you just want a tattoo already!!! ]:<
goodnight world   wink  i hope your tomorrow is amazing 
not going to school today   playful  vomit and rain  fabulous 
is it sad that watching glee makes me cry?
watching <propfemale> mcguire  frikken nostalgia   wink 
cleaning my room  almost done   laugh     after hours 
school needs to end so i can get genki and bubba gumps needs to call so i can start training  > playful 
i'm gonna go make some coffee  i need to seriously do some homework   surprise 
finally made myself some coffee   smile  with foam and errr'thang 
"today, i am grumpy  but just a little  hopefully when this week is over, things won't be so stressful  ;p"
"finished my french homework, i hope i did it right   annoyed \still confuzzled on what i should get as my first tattoo "
why am i so cold? d:
manatees!!!!
whats a good eyeliner brand? i need some new make-up   playful 
lahainaluna music department!!!! car wash tomorrow   playful  you better be there 
i crave genki always  somethings wrong with me  ):
for you i'd bleed myself dry   love 
so i dyed my hair   smile 
it will be a good day   laugh 
going to work  i don't think today will be that great  i'm scared of seating people  t t then i gotta do lots of homework and laundry and cleaning and ugh  today = suck 
so   mothafuckingstressed 
so over it 
why do you of all people bring my entire day- my entire life down? aren't you supposed to be the one that i will always have in my life and will always love me no matter what?
someone come over! this is my one day off and everyone else is busy   playful 
hungry? i'm selling kimchi bowls and cup o' noodles tomorrow during lunch at the band room   smile  $1 50
"only the young can break away  lost when the wind blows, on your own   love "
"oh coldplay, you minx   smile "
does anyone know how to do the math homework?
selling kimchi again tomorrow   smile 
is very bored  practicing moonlight serenade and i'm sick  d:
learning new songs today  any suggestions?
omg yes! finally done with my paper  > laugh 
i have to go to work     great 
going beach today   wink 
"got my very first guitar back from vegas  :') makes me wanna drown in my tears of frikken nostalgia, man "
just got home from woooooork  which means im going to go sleep forever now  goooooooodniiiight!!!
the uh manoa chamber singers give the word inspiration a whole new meaning   smile 
i love the rain  smile 
just got home from work   playful 
what goes on the bottom two squares for fields extra credit vocab squares???
gots to go to work  ;p we should do something later though 
am i only one who used to play bop-it to the tempo of the game?
unlv?
i want subway  ):
kalani! don't forget drivers <propmale> tomorrow at 11!
fuuuck my report card 
"when theres a bug on my screen, i always try to get it off with my cursor  @_@"
saw cats tonight  hugged <propmale> and the rum tum tugger and got a picture  it's one of the best versions i've seen of the production  totally worth it   wink 
"selling food tomorrow! gummy bears, rice krispees and kimchi bowls   joyful "
pretty toes   smile 
i'm having a really good day   wink     *knock on wood*
<propmale> is the best  and we are going to genki 
some of them want to be abused 
i'm out of nutella  my life is over  i'm done 
hey class 2012!! voting is next week pookela! make sure you vote me for senior class president!  wink  and not sienna  pass it around!
senior ball dress  oh yes 
