26f3e736964d8f2f3a14d9680ac3ecfc
haha im high fly sailing through a minefield of synical ppl 
wow just got off the phone with you and now i wana call you back  annoyed  gotta go to work tho
this is my new facebook and everyone should love the pix of my adorable lab
im adding photos soon so dont feem over not seeing me okay? besides my <propfirst> is adorable!
another hot day     okay guess its time to go outside!
gonna chill today
got a brand spanking new copy of mw today   been playing ever since i got home  hopeing to do something sometime this week 
boring
got done swimming and im tired  i didnt get red at all???
bout to go to hooters in a while with dj and his boss 
hooters was fun
i have been bored the past few days anyone wanna <propfemale> out or sumthing  i dont think i can play anymore call of booty if u know what i mean   
god it is hot as hell outside!!!
i need to make some cash real quick troubled  ohh i cant think of anything!!
y do i only get on facebook at like 1 at night?
i hate the dentist    
happy 4th of july eveybody!!!time to blow things up with fireworks 
basketball is for champs
i dont have much of a facebook do i?
i just took the asvab just now and half assing at it  its easy stuff and i missed just a few questions  my plan is to talk to there offices and go take the real asvab  yay for me!!!
yay   thunderstorms   i love thunderstorms!!!!!
yo yo yo i came back from hibernation  school starts next week and i aint got no clothes     annoyed 
i still can find anything to do  i guess il just read other ppls posts to laugh at there problems 
time to start posting pictures  i just found my camera
hello facebook ppl! how am i on facebook with no internet? i ask myself that question everytime i log on with my neighbors internet   wink 
"today was alright i guess  got up, went to school, hanged out with friend after school  good day and it feels good to be <propmale> president when your not in <propmale> class "
im finally turning 18 friday  its gonna be sweeeeet
"bored, bored, booooored   "
thx guys really appreciate this 
"life only sucks if you have one, right?  laugh "
lol what dous nieau mean again?
set up my basketball hoop and got on some shorts and then i realize i have no ball   sad 
hit in a fish fry today  might do sumthing later 
i still want to do something tonight  sad 
finally got the dang permit now the full license is up next  hope this weekend will be eventful 
i wonder if its bad to shave a short haired dog like a lab  time to find out in a bit
there is alot of stuff going on after school you know?
any idea the name of all the bands at the concert this saturday? whose all playing?
"this saturday going to be funnnnn, if i can find ppl to go with   annoyed \"
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
omg its supa hot outside  thinking if i want to go to the concert anyway   hmmmm?
the concert was amazing  i think theres another one on october 9 right?  i know what im doing   
scnucks is still hiring right everone?
doo doo ass horn lake
halo reach is tooooooo amazeing  im already pro and i dont even have it lol
foot ball game was okay  full of freshmen and loud ass people so i didnt like it that much lol
i hate having a car and still doing nothing lol  just need dough
i hate bad news or old news that was bad news but is worse news now    
i never knew you could feel this way  why is it so hard to stop thinking about
i hate to feel this way
pretty beast start to my vacation  smile 
lol i had a fat head as a kid but damn i was adorable
kinda hate being home ever now  hope a certain someone is thinking about me  smile 
yet another night where i stay up thinking
oh its morning  time for school
yay im home      sad 
god im bored  i rather be at school jeez
well im gona try it out and hope it works the same as in my head  smile 
hoooo! i hate being stuck home  smile 
im so tired  i hope she likes it tommorrow  smile  i cant wait to show her  smile 
got my report card today  1 a 3 bs  kinda bumd but what ever  smile 
need a job lol
i wish she would understand
well i told what i felt and i feel supa better now  smile 
time for another great day of school   not!
we won  we won  we won  we won  supa happy face  smile 
ugh lol i hate losing sleep over some one im thinking about  smile 
i hate when milk duds get stuck on your teath   annoyed 
i hate laundery   
i had a great time with <propfirst>  laugh 
ahhh im so bored when i get home  annoyed 
god lame ass person
goodmorning eveyone
i actually like green bean casserole  smile  thx <propfirst>
hanging out with <propfirst>  smile 
hanging out with the family  smile 
lol redneck family members are the best  smile 
bout to enjoy church with <propfirst>  smile 
no one should laugh at ppl trying to look the look for halloween
great nite with <propfirst> but we both are tired  playful 
another amazing day with <propfirst>  god shes amazing  smile 
great googly moogly!
i hate googly moogly > sad 
even though the time we share may be short its always feels right to think of you the way i always feel when im with you 
got a hair cut  kinda digging it more or less
yay  makin bacon 
wow  feel like shit all day then i get a call that im mostly likely am moving out  wtf!
bad day made better by someone special
i got thru today with alittle help   smile  i just want you to know <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> that you make my world go around
hoping today will be excellent  have a feeling it will 
anybody know anything interesting hit me up 
end of the day syndrome  sad 
oh shit! good day! just got back from the civic center with a job  laugh   came home and ate a sandwhich 
it might fall all the way backwards if its alittle backwards  well duh!!! =p  smile 
i wish my girlfriend was ugly!!!!
ever wana punch a wall made of adorable babies and watch it e playful lode dragon ball z style? well i cant do that! so the dry wall will have to do 
argh! i waited to long! no!!!!!!!lol
life gives you sadness but it also gives you the means to get thru it  now you getting by without a scratch depends on you but it doesnt hurt to have alittle help from someone   smile 
hopes today is a  good day  smile 
i hate most everyone   smile 
just got home from the improv show amd it was amazing!it was good but i left feeling sad  sad   maybe my baby can help me with that
i fucking hate my life  i hate it  i hate it  im so stupid!
today aint half bad  better than i thought it would be lol   smile 
soooo cold!
im just tired  not physicaly just mentally
yea bad monday turned worse   
now she hates me    
if i really could have a sibling   it would be dj scribbles  my unlegit brother  smile 
yea i dont mind listening   
i hate it when your texing someone and they tex you like one word everytime  its so lame > sad 
i love pot roast  smile 
okay hit me up with thoses questions?
just a cold day with cold people
its mope not mop  silly flaming tard lol
great news! i mean it took some tears shed but i got something ive been waiting for for a long time or actually like a week but still its great! happytimes happy times  laugh 
had to come home from school    i hate being sick
finally got my hours at the civic center  laugh 
wishes the day would just be over already   
i just shaved my entire leg lol
still sick  sad 
finally getting over this cold  about time
i hate bullshit  annoyed 
i wonder what it would be like if ppl actual understood  others just saying
bout to go to sleep  hope someone calls me or atleast tex me  goodnight fb
still sick  most likely notgoing to school
hall & oates are great lol
so whatca want<-great song
gotta love <propfirst> mccartney
man some people live on facebook know what im saying? lol
ahh got go to the doctor at nine 
doctor told me i have the flu and strep throat
i just made 20 dollars  laugh 
"lol i just copied this from someones status but it was to funny so idc  \i would have more money if i had more pockets\"""""
got that box on my mind
black ops is amazing 
ohh damn its hot lol jk    
just got home from work argh now to chomp on mcdonalds and contemplating being phyisically fit   lol its so boring sometimes tho
"why call me mister, i aint ya daddy   "
ehh is all i have to say lol
you so lame with you little shoes and that helmet for a head  and that raggedy personality you call yourself  god some ppl are just ugly all over inside and out   
reality can come up and bite you in the ass one day just remember that kids   
im a dude playin a dude disguised as another dude  your a dude who dont know what dude he is!
well i need a new battery  any help ppl 
omg lol how are you gonna think anyone cares that much for you  shut up gurl! oh yea and why do some ppl live so far away? lame   
"damn i hate kids x)  great with them, hate them   lol kinda kidding"
okay im tired
just woke up  gonna eat then see what ppl are doing today  anybody wanna <propfemale> out?
at tylers messing with the babies  laugh 
found out my hours where in the morning    thats so gay  next time <propmale> put fucking am up there instead of just *8*
been playing ball all day now that sounds like a good time  smile  better time tonight
phone ran out of minutes  annoyed 
it needs to be two weeks later already
haha your life sucks doesnt it? welcome to facebook   smile 
goodnight fb
"haha me and dj at the store and this women just randomly walks up to dj and ask for his number and playfully puts it in his phone  he asked me like a <propfemale> later\ hey do you know that chick?' no i thought you did  i was like haha wtf """
she want it i can tell she want it want me to push up on it   
oh no i lost all my nuts and bolts!!! annoyed 
how you gonna tell that man you gay for goths? haha
dont ever put you finger anywhere near a wall grinder  its seems to suck    
"you act like a child, not even joking   "
"haha i knew your where lieing, but it still sucks cause i like try stuff thats new "
success!!!!
uhhhh
ive stayd up to the point where im not tired which is rediculise
great day ahead of me  boo ya!!
i love gift cards  smile specially the ones with oodles of money on them lol
kinect for xbox is actually fun  whos gonna say river rafting aint fun when you at home doing it ya know?
"well got a hair cut  got it cut short, choped off!!"
is it okay to get nervous about someone elses parents? like tell me
i had a great time at <propfemale> garden tonight with <propfemale>'s parents  smile 
holy crap time for bed    
im your fuckin nightmare!!!!! gotta love them
amazing   
perfect  
"not cool, just mentally pictured something and now i want to freaking choke a baby     dammit i was in a good mood > annoyed "
i love being your favorite person   
heck no thats bullshit    
turn me on so i can turn off the lights  lol wow thats great
<propfemale> tex meee
"i can't erase it any more\it follows me everywhere i go\like a mask that i don't\want to wear anymore\=1"
miss you   
guess who im hanging out with ??  laugh  her 
i love my family
"had a fun night with <propfemale>, dont really get to see her as much but when i do i love it  and i hope that shes happy right now"
hurry up and tell me
i love her    
*lifes unfair then you die*  annoyed  ohh why does it have to be that way   
"hohooo! great time, really happy now bc of you"
yay today!
i hate the past   
 annoyed 
only you can truly make me smile and i dont even realize it  smile 
girl you know you got me gone gone gone
some ppl can make you so happy but those same ppl can make you feel just as bad-taylor green
bout to throw up
seems cold in here hmm wonder why?
wow just getting tired of that    
gaah  hate doctors   not fast enough
wow   got rearended like 15 mins ago  >< ohhh i mean insurance will cover it but still its so lame
date night  smile 
doctors office   again for the 3rd time!
ahh finally about to leave!
oh noes    
come oooon good news!
yay happy news!
its 7 1 <propmale> to work  ewwwwwww that just feels disgusting  means i waste around a gallon a day on school and work 
omg! driving school is terrible  so slow haha  here till 1o
oh dear  
man i just hate weekends now
> frowny 
well least this person is texing mecorrection at least this person is able to  annoyed 
yep i still love her  shocker right?  smile 
" annoyed  raaa got off work early  wish  kept working, would of solved everything but i had to go home   "
"<propfemale> questions  what is everyones view on interracial couples or interracial dating?come on ppl, discuss it "
going home!
