bb56538c2f8a957550cb25cd10a07cd3
i love to swim
off to rhythm review class  no it's not dance lessons  sad 
my sinuses are making my nose stuffy and head hurt  sad 
laundry day    bleh!
i'm on call today!
come on storms!!!
it's so f-ing hot i am sweating like a boy!
perfect day to celebrate our independence! happy 4th of july
how was your 4th of july? spent mine with fam   great times great day! loved it!!
work was canceled today    day off
all my mucsles hurt from working the last 2 days! spine surgery patients are a bitch to care for 
off to work
i almost threw up   jimmy got his sweat on me  give me brains and blood and even puke (except dog puke)   but keep the sweat away!
on call today
holy hell it is hot!
its <propfemale> <propfemale> & <propfirst> out!!! wootwoot
hanging out with the nieces today  smile 
going to plant some trees today  smile 
stupid storms keep skipping my house!!!
day off yeah!!! gotta wait for the windshield people boo! wanna go to target instead 
work was canceled   again  tucson must be full of well uninjured people because tmc is like a ghost town these days 
went to rio <propmale> today   wow is it pretty there
i am forced to water my cactus since that damn mother nature won't do her job!!!
gonna go swimmin tomarrow
going to teach the nieces yoga
i would like to meet the creator of the game farkle and beat him to bloody pulp!
"yoga was great but <propfemale> went mooo instead of ommm, and skylar said \have a nice day\"" instead of namastay """
yeah the weekend is over  3 days off except for acls renewal 
i love facebook quizes  i just learn so much about myself 
i need a haircut
haircut today whoo hoo!
hangin out at the sissies house 
yeah!!! it finally rained
selling tickets for shs cheer squad  20 bucks gets you a fantastic show at the gaslight theater for aug 16!!! who's in? i'll be there   it will be fun  smile 
stayed in bed until noon today!
up early to go to work only to be put on call   sad 
"grrrr! i just got my cracked from one end to the other windshield replaced last week, went to get in my car today and there is another crack  not a ding, a big mother f-ing crack!!!"
nursing a headache  sad  to much saki
drinkin my morning coffee 
hoping the first day of school for the nieces and the boohers goes well 
gotta fold the laundry booo
sleepy   going to bed  night all
enjoying the day
come on rain show me what you got
why do things always go awry at change of shift? why i ask
"hospital canceled me today so instead i washed my car, drank some beers with hubby and friends, and watched <propfemale> hills chihuahua with mitzy  much better than working!!!"
just sat through all of mama mia   wow words cannot describe   may god have mercy on my soul 
excited to see sky cheer tonight!!! first football game of the season   go shs cougars
going to casa for a hs bff reunion  15 years is a tooo long
wow just dug through an old box full of pics from hs and from a certain wedding where all the bridesmaids wore fuscia dresses!!!!! be prepared for a good-ole laugh fess!!
had a great time last night   so good to see my friends happy and well  we missed you <propfirst>  maybe next time 
happy birthday teagan <propfirst>!!!
"cut and a color   i feel like \me\"" again  smile """
had a great labor day but am burned  when will i ever learn   go outside wear the damn sunscreen!!!
better watch what i post from now on  don't want some one telling on me  thanks alot who ever you are!!!
im a little bitter
i'm over it 
did you see the new <propfemale> trailer last night? i can't wait!!!!!
yeah smile    i go back to work tomarrow    hahaha who am i trying to kid
i have spoiled my baby dog to the point where she will only eat if i hand feed her  ow what have i done???
<propfirst> and i got blackberrys today and the damn thing is to complicated to use  i cant even figure out how to make a phone call  skylar is giving us a tutorial on high tech gadgets 
my head hurts  sad 
i think i might dream about flu shots tonight  gave a whole lot of them today and doing it again tomarrow  all you tmc friends get down to employee health so i can stick you!!!
is going to shower baby <propfirst> with gifts today  smile 
i'm hungry  wonder what <propfirst> is making for dinner 
all health care workers must sign up for madatory overtime in case we have a massive flu outbreak  half of unit 850 is sick with it  we need our swine flu shots!!!!
greer was fabulous! had a great time  want to go back  missed my dogs  next time they will come with us!!
hope every one has a fun and safe halloween with lots of <propfemale>!!! mmmm <propfemale>
"a <propfemale> fell out of my wedding ring  guess <propfirst> better buy me a new one, but what i really want is a  357 magnum snub-nose revolver "
"ooohhh what a day  a day from hell!!! hope tomarrow is a little easier, i'm beat!"
today was a good day  smile 
new <propfemale> starts this week!!!!!
got my windshield replaced again  hopefully i can go more than 2 days without it cracking again  wish me luck
hope everyone has a happy thanksgiving!!! i will be working  sad 
"damn winter storm blew my lights off my my house, knocked my reindeer and sled over, and pulled all the latice off my walkway   sad  <propfirst> better come home soon to fix it all "
had a fabulous 5 days off  back to work tomarrow to earn the benjamins 
have a 2 degree burn on my entire left palm from an iron heated to 460 degrees  nothing is helping with the pain except my hand in ice  i have tried lidocaine cream and aloe <propfemale>  anyone have any other ideas? er is not an option!
"after 15 hours of ice soaks, my burning hand feels much better  smile "
"play along: you see me in a police car, what would u think i got arrested for? answer me, then copy and paste  see how many crimes u get accused of  be nice! lol"
"day off today   what to do, what to do   "
"it's gloomy, rainy, and cold today  i like it!"
off to bed at 8 surprise 0pm on a friday night  sad  i'm old and gotta be to work at 0600 sat morning  ick!!!
i think i will stay in my jammies the whole day!
"vomit & c-diff, vomit & c-diff, vomit & c-diff     add a little bacteremia and sepsis and that was about the jist of my day  i need to disinfect myself stat!"
"getting the taxes done today, hope everything goes smoothly "
bbbbbbrrrrrrrrr i need a snuggie
planning my disneyland getaway with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  <propfemale> has never been  super excited!!!!
my head feels like it might e playful lode  sad 
had a great day with my hubby today
it's almost my birthday!!!
as of monday i am a student again  enrolled in gcu's continuing nursing education 
i am soooo happy to get to spend easter with my family this year  it has been  to many years of not having them near by! thanks all my fam for moving back to tucson!
i didn't feel any earthquake!
"work work work! i need a vacation that involves water, boos,and a certain hubby to rub suntan oil on me!"
getting ready to go to disneyland! super excited!
omg this wind sucks balls!
all school work and work work is done for the week   bring on the vacation!!!
day 1 of disney was fantastic!!! not too broke yet but we are working on it  brinig on day 2!!
day 2 of disney is in the  bag  we even made to cali  adveture  rode tower of terror  awesome!
home from our vacation  had to take a detour to the minute clinic because im not feeling so hot  cant breath and my ears hurt  minute clinic took one look at me and sent me to urgent care to get a breathing treatment and xray  2 albuterol treatments later i can breath again but i have an ear infection and bronchitis  sad  i blame the germy children at disneyland!!!
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense\responsibility & very little authority  you step into people's\lives & make a difference  some bless you, others curse you  you\see people at their worst & best  you see life begin & end  you\see people's capacity for love, courage, & endurance  ? it's nurses\appreciation week  repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse, and or\appreciate a nurse!"
vote yes prop 100!!!
wasted my whole saturday writing a stupid paper on health promotion and the levels of prevention! bleh!
brunch at hacienda <propmale> <propfirst>  now off to the desert museum  today is way better than yesterday 
its voting day people!!!! get out there and support prop 100 
<propfirst> and i went to vote  did you?
whoo hoo 100 passed!
ugg it's early 
up early to finish this weeks paper  i had to interview a family and determine thier dysfunctions based on the patterns of function  the fam i interviewed has so many dysfunctions that my paper exceeded the word limit by 800 words!!!
final presentation for my family health promotion class is in the bag  bring on the next class!
my dog chichi snores soooo loud that <propfirst> and i now have to wear ear plugs to bed!
can't shake this feeling of gulit and shame i am feeling  sad  sorry <propfirst> 
happy fathers day!!
got <propfemale>'s ashes back  sad  she now sits on the shelf with <propmale>  sad 
omg skylar is learning how to drive in my car! <propfirst> is a patient teacher  me and <propfemale> are in the back seat clinging to each other  haha!
enjoying the <propfemale> and a <propfemale> with my man
im all hot and sweaty! it's nasty outside 
"we got a new baby today  his name is <propmale>, he is a white boxer rescued from euthanasia  super adorable!!!"
"just like humans, boy dogs are way more sloppy than girl dogs "
ugg
my liver hurts  maybe its time to quit the sauce  sad 
come on monsoons start already!
50% <propmale> of rain my ass!
watching the lightning with <propfirst>
"<propmale> ate 5 boxes of mac-n-cheese, 1 box of tatos, a glass, & a tree all while we were at work  he now has a kennel in which he lives while we are away "
"anyone know of a good dog trainer or doggy daycare? <propmale> ate his bed, a sheet, and a towel that were on the outside of his kennel while he was on the inside with the door shut!!! we don't know what to do!"
yeah we got a storm!
whoohoo <propmale> didn't eat anything or destroy my house!
thanks doggies for the dead squished lizard you drug in from the back yard  guess it's better than eating everything      sterling!!!!!
<propmale> ate my origami cranes i was making for a wedding and a movie that didn't belong to me  looks like i will be buying replacements for my friends 
woke up to my fire alarm screaming and a big baby dog jumping on me because the alarm scared him!!
no rain at my house dammit! again!
has a movie date with <propfemale>  we are going to see <propfemale> & beezus  smile 
mmm movie popcorn is delicious!
something funny is going on outside  wet stuff is falling from the sky! finally!
where did monsoon go?
fyi    figs cause diarrhea  sad 
"out on the town! hello liquor, how i have missed thee!"
why do all down town bars have swamp coolers? i'm melting 
"for every long island i drink, i sweat out its equivalence  its sooo hot!"
rain glorious rain!
eating at rigo's  delicious!
 sad  its early! gotta go to the job 
its my friday  smile 
woke up super tired?????
was having a wonderful dream until the god awful sound of my alarm clock insisted i wake up  hate that!
has 5 fabulous days off 
lunch date with pammy today   yah!!  smile 
enjoying my time with my gf's
we have a doggy behavior modification specialist coming on monday!!!! yah
is sick of it being hot and muggy  it makes me a crabby <propfemale>!!!
gotta make the dog presentable for his behavior evaluation today!! he's being extra naughty now to get is out of his system for this afternoon!!!
<propmale> starts in home obedience training and behavior modification on thursday    smile  theres hope for him yet  he delivered a flawless performance in naughtiness with the dog trainer today but she says he will be a well behaved obediant dog in 8 weeks  wish us luck!!
wtf   it rained like 10 inches at the hospital today but my house is dry as a bone  f-ing nw side!!
check it out! i'm on perezhilton com! http annoyed  perezhilton com lastexorcism ?id=1328094576
woke up at 0600 to take the dog on his structured walk and it poured on us!!! it was fabulous!
<propmale> had his first bad doggy obedient lesson tonight and i am proud to report he did awesome!!!! he is one smart cookie and a fast learner  i am one proud mamma and am confident he will turn out ok! yeah <propmale>  smile 
group dog lessons at <propmale> park today    my boy was the best in the class!!!
i like getting off work early   smile 
waiting for target to open 
date night with my hubby wubby  yeah!
awwwwe now this weather i can handle 
gotta go see the dentist today  smile 
taking the dog on his structured walk after drinking a bottle of wine the night prior is no easy feat  oye!
"come on dog, let's get structured                           at 0500 before i work for 12 hours "
oye! last day of work for this week  thank god!
started my day with a kick to the head but it ended ok 
<propmale> has his canine good citizen test today  keep your fingers crossed  he passes 
yeah! <propmale> passed his test!
<propmale> tripped me in the street while we were sprinting  i have road rash and a hurt wrist  sad 
cant sleep  on fb at 0300  oye!
gotta be the large and in charge nurse tomorrow  booo!
i am in desperate need of some hairapy! my roots are dark and my ends are frazled  and i got grays! whhhaaaaa  sad 
ooohhhh prison night on msnbc  love saturday night television!
yeah! no work till tuesday! woot woot!
woke up feeling fabulous!
getting a pedi with pammy at walmart 
hoping for a tornado 
poor <propmale> has the trots 
<propmale> is now on flagyl for his bubble guts  hope it's not c-diff!
hello <propfemale> ranch   meet the plamondons!!!
mmmm i like wine 
mmmm i like dwts
disgusting!!!! mrs <propmale> and <propmale> on dwts!!! confirmed x-rated relationship!
i know who i am not voting for on dwts
brrrrrr!
going to see paranormal activity with pammy  we're chickens and therefore seeing the flick during day time hours!
just dance 2 coming to wii soon! can't wait!
slaughter house   here i come   hope i don't pee  my pants!!!!
at a conference that is all about the frontal lobe  i'm a nerd!
its sooooo early  boooo!
just drove by a billboard with tmcs stroke center ad  my mug is right in the front!
love having <propfemale> time! she's the best  smile 
grown ups is a funny f-ing movie!
i like the shade of blue used for seattle's helmets 
off to save lives
"oh creatures big and small, one person should not be aloud to eat as much as i just did  good thing i wore my stretchy pants  hope everyone had a fabulous thanksgiving! lord knows i did!"
spending black friday warm in my bed!
i want my <propfemale> <propfirst>!
xbox kinect is awesome!
happy 16th birthday skylar <propfemale>!!!! now get a job!
thinkin ima gonna kill some zombies today!!
i do not like this time of day! think i will hit snooze 
"hearing bear down az makes me giggle  in my profession, when i want someone to bear down, it means take a crap or slow your heart rate down "
has a busy day planned with my girlies skylar and <propfemale>  yeah!
me n the girls are watching tangled in 3d 
ahhh tangled is a cute movie and 3d is badass!
i hate the mall!!!
sure hopes <propfemale> will bring me a dyson animal vac this year  smile 
happy birthday <propfemale> <propfemale>!
excited to see all my family today 
looking at my christmas tree and wondering why there aren't any presents under it?  sad 
rain!
my head hurts  booo  sad 
no more christmas crap in my house!!!!!
"uuummm the weather is reporting snow storms on thursday!?! summer for christmas, winter for new years  make up your mind weather!"
burrrr
white stuff is falling down from the sky above me  smile 
yeah yeah yeah done with work for the week!!!!
aaaaawwwww skylar is driving! her mother who can't drive worth a damn is in the front seat instructing her 
its fun to be the back seat driver  haha 
sad sad sad day for tucson and my beloved family  lost my father in law suddenly and une playful ectedly  our hearts are broken  we love you and will miss you <propmale> 
thank you my fb friends for all the thoughts and well wishes  we are a strong family with lots of love and together we will live and grow stronger from our tragedy 
i'm a pisces now?
happy birthday to my lovey <propfirst>!
have a great day my fb friends  smile 
in rio <propmale> for good 
skylars driving has improved greatly  so far on today's journey she has only scared me once 
cracking up at <propfirst> & <propfemale>  that <propfirst> is one funny lady!!!
love rainy days spent in my jammies  smile 
its 18 degrees  my water won't turn on  hell has frozen over 
"was toasty warm with my space heaters until i blew the circuits out! sure hope the gas is turned back on today, im not cut out for this winter bs!"
happy superbowl sunday 
yeah gas is back on!
hates going to the doctor  booo!
el guero canelo! oh how i love u 
great day with my sis and the nieces 
happy valentines day fb friends  whats your plan for the day?
holy wind from hell batman! where's the damn rain? the dirt is blowing in my eyes 
"what to do on day as nasty as today? stay home, play wii, and drink boos! that's what  haha!"
who's got beiber fever???? not me!!!! but im a nice auntie and am going to suck it it up to take the nieces to see the beiber's movie   smile  in 3d no less!!
going to see the beibs at 2 surprise 0  who wants to join us????it will be fun!!!
30 bucks to see the bieber movie! sheesh 
<propfirst> is teaching skylar how to 3 point turn so she can pass her driving test tomarrow 
whoa! what's going on? snow? is that real snow?
sitting in the dr's office  boooooooo  i'd rather eat dirt than go to the dr 
happy birthday to my beautiful sister & bff
its almost my birthday!!! can't believe i am turning 25!!!!
today is my birthday and for the tenth year in a row i am turning 25!!! thanks fb friends for all the happy birthday wishes 
my pops is in icu  things aren't well 
"after a long torturous night, pops is doing a little better  breathing on his own  back to his grouchy self which is a good sign  thanks fb friends for all the thoughts and well wishes "
pops is home at my house  now its a good time
hangin out with my skylars today 
