9415bfce6a58ba3c72f92bfaab54552b
and now i have to work  
what's worse? drunk adults or drunk teenie boppers?
oh chelan! you pulled me back again you tricky bitch!
can't wait for 'arry pottah!
it's <propfemale>'s birthday today!
doesn't have to work today!!
wants to run away to <propfemale> 
hiking today! woo hoo!
conquered that 2000 ft  elevation! woo!
wishes her parents (primarily her mother) would realize how much harder they are making it for everyone else (primarily myself) by refusing any type of communication with each other  kids are not meant to be middle men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is hyped on the future  hahaa
is going job hunting today!
"dislikes her manager very much, but will use that as motivation to get a better job, get out on her own and move on with her life! suck on that man "
"oh, and now i'm sleeping because my <propmale> manager scheduled a 6am meeting and i had to wake up at five  ridiculous!"
is done with quizzes now 
loveessss her new laptop!  laugh 
oh and district 9 was great! hahaa
loves her plans for tonight (90's dance party) and lovess her outfit for it! like totally! hahaa
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedsssssss!!
just got the most perfect dress! hyyyyped
wants to level up! grrrrrrrrrr
leveled up aaaaand has an interview monday! heeeeyyyyy!!!
can't decide if she wants to go to bed or watch another episode of lost 
"fuck it, i'm watching lost  hahahahaha"
"watching lost may have been a mistake  i bawled my eyes out half the time and the other half blew my mind so hard i want to watch another  r i p  chaarlie, you were my favorite  man, i suck  hahahaha"
i finally got my scanner working! new pictures!
<propfemale> sad i have to wait for season five  lost what are you doing to my brain?!
can't    stop    eating   almonds?
dentist this morning! booooo
has had a good week and is excited for a relaxing day tomorrow 
"*weekend, haha maltby pictures up! \ghost huntaas!\"""""
gaaahhhhhhhh homework  my brain won't focus!
is not becoming a fan of dancing with the stars 
has become a fan of the wackness 
"bitch, i'm broke "
gets to see wicked tomorrow! woo hooo!!!
needs to start working out again 
"just applied at this bomb cafe, interviewed on the spot and i'm pretty sure i just rocked it  yesssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!"
is off to see wicked!  laugh 
had one of the best days she has had in a while   smile 
do not question senor <propfirst>! do not! haha community is pretty good so far 
is making cookies!
"my freshbaked cookies bring all the boys the the yard, and they're like, it's better than yours  damn right, it's better than yours i could teach you, but i'd have to charge "
loooooooovesssss glee
is kickin' it with her best in bellingham toniiiiiight 
"misses <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propmale> already! can't waitfor next weeeeknddd "
"got 'er ska on with tonight, haha  excited for all day study sesh with <propmale> tomorrow!"
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
is gettin' down on some homework today 
is dying and hates being so siiiiiiiick 
hates her life at the moment  fuck the siiiiiick!!!!!!  sad 
is feeling much better  keeping busy with homework 
wants to play <propfirst> hawk 
space wars!
"omg, the day has finally come  new backstreet boys album in stores now "
is hyped on zombieland 
for your health!
wants company 
wants soup 
"dear <propfirst>, please stop bitching about your job  i would kill to be in your shoes working for <propfemale> <propfemale>, thanks  love your leather, <propfemale>"
homework overload  sweet dreams world!
i just knocked about 50% of the homework load out! wooo time to watch some weeds   laugh 
"<propmale> might be my dream boy, hahaa  seriously "
is having a hard time concentrating on chemistry  ugghhh
"saw whip it tonight  only made me more sure that i'm destined to be a derby <propfemale>  seriously, where's the underage roller derby happening?"
insomniaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
is seriously obsessed with 30 rock 
"is really excited for her day today! car fixing, job hunting, haunted house going and hanging out with <propmale>? lovesss ittt "
watching seven wonders of the world on history   smile 
omgomgogmogmgomgmomgomg rodriguez is making machete!!!!!
day 'ook iz jahhb!
"is soooo excited for the day  job interview soon, pre-halloween party later, and  halloweeeeeeeeeeen tomorrow!!"
has decided the best sleep remedy is a slice of pizza and another episode of the office  woo hoo for job interview tomorrow!!!
you can feel jedi if you have a braid 
has a job again!! woooooooo hhooooooo!!!!!!!!!
is brunette again!
is going to the library to work on the homework she's been ignoring for a week  (spellcheck! haha)
is loving the clash of the gods marathon on history  woo hoo for fourth kind today with <propfirst>!
the funky fresh is back in the flesh with avengence homes!
"great day! work went well, i cleaned my room, tay come over and cam found my ring!  laugh  now for more texting and lost watching, goodbye world "
just found out she's working 18 hours this weekend and is hyped!  laugh 
is laying in bed for the first time since 7am and is very happy about it!  smile  now lost and sleep to get myself ready for another long day tomorrow 
"what a day, what a day  "
ahhhh!!! i spilled water on my phone a couple days ago   now it won't turn on  start sending me your <propfirst> people!! hopefully i'll have a new phone by friday  
"black friday is over! i don't have to worry about that dreadful day for a whole year  woohooo! now to go get my new phone, and work 3-midnight  blahh"
i fucking love this phone  haha
can hardly wait for thurrsdayyy  
misses her maaaan  haha and loves having a great man to miss!  smile 
bomb night  i love my friends  work early tomorrow  and i need to floss 
watching lost  finishing the fifth season tonight!
"season five is finished! now i get to wait two months for season six   haha this is going to suck  day off tomorrow, woo!"
"why is it so impossible for me to do homework? i know i need to do it, it's all i've been thinking about for the past two days, i have my tea and my music and my laptop all set up and i keep finding ways to get around it  fml  grow up <propfemale> "
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
"is a creeper   hahahhahahaa  and can hardly wait to get off work tomorrow night and not only arrive at <propmale>'s to see five of the best friends a girl could ever have, but mr  <propmale> <propmale> as well   laugh  tomorrow night is going to be a great night "
i want to be a modellll  haha i've successfully wasted two hours instead of watching the laramie project   now i'm going to sleep to dream of pretty little things and   seahorses?
annoyed  
leesha is a gamerrrr!!!!!!
waiting for <propfirst> and <propfemale> to arrive!
"and i don't think you're beautiful, i think you're beyond it"
<propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale> <propfirst> at the key arena? i wish!
"once upon a time i was falling in love, now i'm only falling apart  "
"muder city devil's with <propmale> and leesha tongiht!  laugh  i'm excited, thank you leesha!!"
"finally home, so sore, so tired, almost got kicked out  great fucking show "
"you know the answer so why do you ask, i am only being nice because i want someone, something, you're like a kitten with a ball of yarn, and it's doing me in, doing me in, doing me in, doing me in, doing me in  "
"going to bellingham today! i can't wait to spend some quality time with my <propfemale> and cammewammie, hahaha (mad and cam, i tried more baby talk for the sake of a laugh, but i just couldn't bring myself to do it, cammiewammie is where it ends smile )  anyway, so excitedd! i need to get out of this town!"
bangs 
"i've been sitting in the same spot in my couch all day  ohwell, atleast i feel somewhat like a normal human being again   bored though, watched all my netflix   annoyed "
hot yoga is one of my new favorite things! haha
is giving herself a manicure and watching breakfast at <propfemale>'s 
"leesha is a tard, but i love her like no other, hahaha  now <propfemale> and breakfast scrambles while watching breakfast at <propfemale>'s again!  laugh  real life starts tomorrow!!"
has an interview tomorrow!! wooo!!
"to call for hands of above to leean onn wouldn't be goood enough for <propfemale>, no  "
i could watch true blood for days   hot yoga tonight! wooo
"right now i'm craving my favorite pizza, some blue <propfemale> and some kung fu  just thought i would throw that out there "
"scratch that, i just want to get drunk with my best and have a dance party  haha that is all "
"ugh, i hate <propmale> kids   hahaha"
has decided that in a years time i will start courses to become a yoga instructor!!  laugh 
<propfemale> -  beautiful and perfect in every way  haha loveessss itt!!
"hey best friends!! i would like to take this time to point out that i can't wait to see <propmale> of <propfirst>, animal collective, devotchka, doves, tv on the radio, murder city devils, erykah badu, santigold, mos def, sun kil <propfemale>, of montreal, airborne toxic event, <propfemale> voce and <propfemale> castles among many other great bands, and laugh my ass off to <propmale> & <propfirst> and zach galifianakis over all three days at sasquach!!"
is going to deep clean her room before yoga  today is a day for healing and getting my life back in order  i'm excited   smile 
and the perfect way to top it off? a little magic and the oc! hahaa gooodnighttt 
"attention <propfemale> gang! i scanned the pictures, they are on my myspace in their own album  just thought you might like to know  for the rest of you, i have a few new great pictures! haha"
"came here with my <propmale> in my hand, don't make me leave with my foot in yo ass, be cool "
is getting wayy too anixous about pulling out the summer dresses 
just applied at four places downtown and have two to visit in person tomorrow! seattle here i come! haha
foot you!
where have all the cowboys gone?
kittens!
is enrolled at evcc for the third and final time! woohoooo!
"hot yoga inc  facebook fans only - one day only april 1, 2010 buy 1 month for $88! don't be fooled this is no joke! also, get healthy, get fit our next 30 day challenge starts april 1! don't miss out! copy and paste the message in your status! forward to your friends- let's get fit & joyful for our beautiful upcoming summer "
"loves her horoscope today, haha "
"i believe everything happens for a reason  people change so you can learn to let go, things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together  -<propfemale> <propmale>"
can someone please tell me how <propmale> cage keeps getting work? seriously 
yoga time!
got lots of great beach glass today! thanks <propfirst>!  smile 
"one new hair color, four new shirts and my rings are repaired at waiting for me, i'm liking this day already "
trampoline jumpin' time!
hmm   green sparks shooting out of my blow dryer might not be a good thing 
i'd rather live in my dreams 
thinks it is the perfect day for a rainy day in 
"i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know, everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold i'll be fine once i get it, i'll be goooood "
awhooooooooooo!!!!!!!
"my abs are still sore from yoga two days ago   sad  but on the bright side, look how gorgeous it is! today is going to be a gooood day "
"tell me what you know about dreams, dreams  tell me what you know about night terrors, nothin' "
"you're a sonofabitch, but i love you "
today is the day! i finally get to start working in my tan   laugh 
crazy catfight going on outside my window   annoyed 
"somehow every things gonna fall right into place, if we only had a way to make it all fall faster everyday "
"i think it might be time to finally fold the three loads of laundry on my bed   this is the problem with a <propfemale> sized mattress, too much room than you know what to do with so you fill it up with laundry and let it sit for a week, haha  ohwell, happy four twenty!"
"mm long day, sleepy time "
instant gratification 
attn: <propfemale> gang - get huuurrrrr  <propmale>- you suck! but i still love you 
finally got my ihome!  laugh  happy early early birthday tooo <propfemale>!
"haha, my breath literally smells like <propfemale> petals   laugh "
"can i tell you that you are the purple in me? can i call you just to hear you, would you care? when i saw you put your purple finger on me, there's a feeling in your bottle, found your bottle, found your heart, gives a feeling from your bottled little part "
"has anyone else ever noticed that when seen from higher ground, at night marsh road looks a lot like the banshee boardwalk track on <propfirst> kart?"
fishing with my pops today! haha who wants to see <propmale> wonka and the chocolate factory with me at siff on friday?
"spent a perfect day with my dad, and got to see amazing views of this beautiful state today   smile  loves it "
"it never ceases to amaze me that i can forget to get gas somewhere between my driveway and hwy 2  i mean really, that's a two minute time frame, come on short term memory! here's to hoping i don't run out of gas on the tressel, hahaa "
well i never ran out of gas but the power is out at my house  thank you storm!
"ugh, so bored with life "
an hour of power yoga and now repulsion by polanski  happy cinco de mayo everyone!
at some point in the next four to seven months i will be seeing machete  sooooo stoked   laugh 
"i'm really trying to stay my positive sweet self, but the older i get the more i can't help hating people "
catching up on my lost!  smile 
come back 
"wtf cop? pulling me over for a broken headlight, messin' up my <propfirst> singing and shyte  isn't there a drunk driver or something you could be wasting your precious time on?"
only one more week until folklife!  smile 
"woke up at seven so i could be in bothell by eight, only to realize my appointment is next monday   fml "
why am i being punished now for the things i didn't know then?
"red wine, hummus and pita, the office and a little pup named <propmale>  finally, a little peace after this crazy day!"
"i've got some issues that nobody can see, and all these emotions are pouring out of me  i bring them to the light for you, it's only right  this is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to me life "
f you wells fargo! you can take your service fees and shove it!
"finally feels like she has a clean state and a <propmale> at a fresh start  thanks life, i'm gonna run with it "
don't grieve for what doesn't come  some things that don't happen keep disasters from happening  - rumi
ponyo!  smile 
"finally got the boys to sleep, now for some haagen-dazs and season two of true blood   laugh "
"what am i doin'? what am i doin'? oh yeah, that's right, i'm doin' me, i'm doin' me  i'm livin' the life right now mayne, and this is what i'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over  but it's far from over "
bellingham tomorrow!!! i'm gonna spend some quality time with my besfrennnnn   smile  can't wait!!
i need to know where you can get phad thai at 10 o'clock in the morning 
did anybody else know m  night shyamalan was a screenwriter for <propmale> little??
"you can't ground me! for i am neither living nor dead! how can thy ground that which is, ungroundable?"
"workin' on my taaaannn, maaaannn "
is excited to spend the day in my favorite city with my bff <propfirst>!
it's too early for flowers right now 
ughh i wanna have more fun! i want to be blonde! but now i'm getting impatient and thinking black    i need a change!
best day ever! i got my raybans and won tickets to shine!!  laugh 
the cuss you are! the cuss am i? are you cussin' at me?!
had a poifect night with her besfrennn   smile 
r i p  <propmale> pekar
is kind of sad the barefoot bandit got himself caught  i thought he had a nice little thing going 
"i can't sing, but i got soul "
ughh sushi overload!
it's my best friend's birthday today! everyone go tell her how amazing she is and happy 21st!  smile  i love you <propfemale>!
"holy crap, it's only noon? longest morning of my liiiiiife "
true blood really is seriously amazing  thank yooouuu <propmale> ball!
bacon fried bacon
"goodbye dark <propfemale> brown, hellooo jet black!"
why are there so many <propmale> kruger references in rap right now?
giggin'
is jonesin' for a quality dance party 
"<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>, car why won't you start?!"
"it's muggy as shit, night swimming anybody??"
wanted: somebody to help me crack open this friggen coconut!
"wine, radiohead and a clean house  not a bad saturday night, ifidosaysomyself "
gooooooooodnight   smile 
today's the day! started gauging my ears  woohooo!  laugh 
mmmnom nom nom  sleeping in 'til noon feels gooooood  haven't done this in a while   smile  nomnomnomnom
getting stuck behind a garbage truck in downtown traffic is not a pleasant e playful erience 
"yoga, rilo <propfemale> and freshly made hummus make <propfemale> a happy girl   smile "
mmmmmm! do i love me some <propfirst> <propfirst> jones circa '77 
i do not get paid enough for this 
"hey <propfemale>, tip your flower delivery girl!"
is overheating! why can't i cool off?! ughhh
"i have come to terms with my height, and most times i am proud of it, but my heart still breaks a little when i see a girl in heels i know i can never wear   sad "
"i feel like with every passing moment i'm going a little bit crazier  i'm going insane from lack of mental stimulation  i need some excitment, i need some adventure  i need some seriously intense something or i'm gonna rip my hair out "
"what will grow crooked you can't make straight, it's the price that you gotta pay  do yourself a favor and pack your bags, buy a ticket and get on a train "
i am a colossal fuck up 
"alright life, i'm taking back the reigns  no more of this, i'm in control now and i'm not losing it ever again  heart of a lion!"
"billowing smoke, speeding traffic, no starbucks, and creepy men in vans  oh the joys of being broken down on i-5 with my <propfemale>  hahaa!"
purple or teal?
cheers!
what has two thunbs and went house hunting with her sissy simpson today? this girl!
ahhhh the leaves are already changing in port gamble!!
"one of <propfemale>'s new favorite things: iced coffee with cream, blink-182 and the wide open 101! hahaa lovin' life "
"deffffinitely just bought aqua - aquarium, hahaha yesss!!!"
"you said, 'my life's like a bad movie ' i said, 'it's true of all of us  you said, and you said, 'i gotta wake up so fucking early ' and i said, 'maybe the director's turned on us ' outside the five sounds like the ocean  relax, don't keep your eyes open "
great weekend   smile 
"i just got my hawthornes!!!!! i get them in 5-8 business days, coming from the east coast, hahaa  my perfect brown boots will be here soon! ahh nordstroms i love you "
this is officially the best day ever! <propfemale> is picking up the key to our new mill creek apartment within the hour!!
"are we really living or just walking dead now? or dreaming of a hope riding the wings of angels  the way we live, the way we die, what a tragedy, i'm so terrified  day dreamers please wake up, we can't sleep no more "
"hey friends, my beautiful and lovely momma has a birthday today! go give her some love   smile  happy happy birthday mom! i love you!!"
"<propfemale>'s body and i love you, man    i approve  laterz on the menjay!"
i loooooveee waking up to good news!
drunk on a boat in the middle of lake union 
update: dancing my ass off drunk on a boat in the middle of lake union 
my life is seriously awesome right now   smile 
tonight is not my night 
reorganized my closet for winter! i think i'm actually ready for it this year   hyyyped 
laying in the park with the darrinz listening to gaga   smile 
"pain, pain go away, and never ever come back to stay  movie marathon today! first up; the fearless vampire killers "
all dressed up and no where to go   someone please come kill my boredom 
got a ten dollar tip today for making this guy laugh  bomb!
too early for flowers!
aztec chocolate donut + 12oz drip + 89 5 = me not minding this downtown seattle delivery so much   smile 
is shakin' it down to the boogie nights soundtrack on lowell-lamer 
"my head feels like it's going to e playful looode! ugh, why does this happen every time i get a new job?"
"hot bath, cold grapefruit juice and the wizard of oz  having a cold never felt so good, hahaa "
"oh hello <propfemale> autumn sunshine pouring into my room  oh no, no i don't mind waking up and basking in all your beauty and loveliness  good morning to you too sunshine, it's going to be a good day "
this morning is not as magical as yesterday's  thanks to the stupid pud men and their big trucks making wayy too much noise right outside my window  ughh at least i'm feeling much better today and tay is coming over after work!  smile  also; woohoo textured nails! haha
"quad venti toasted walnut iced americano, new mani pedi, new <propfemale> <propfirst> and some much needed time with tay  loves it!"
"haha i'm not gonna lie, the new <propfemale> <propfirst> is pretty awesome "
"me; ''omg, i feel like a shit ton of bricks just fell on my soul '' mom; ''hmm, sounds like an alanis morrisette song ''"
"back to basics, and i'm happy about it  i feel this scary new rush coming on, but i'm excited by it  i think things are going to be different from now on  i love you <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfirst>! you girls really made my day today, among the other company i enjoyed today  i love you all, you really make life good  goodnight everybody "
"is there any better way to end a night spent with your best than with a choco taco? no, there is not "
"is there any better way to end a night spent with your best than with a choco taco? no, there is not "
"<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>, someone come over and paint my nails for me? haha, i do not feel like polishing tonight "
"in bed with peppermint tea and <propfirst> bukowski, a perfect end to a tiresome day at work "
"movie madness tonight! first midnight e playful ress, then freeway, and now the philadelphia story! that quad americano from earlier just won't quit "
"is super stoked for her day off tomorrow  new gauges, new hair, i'm ready for friday, hahaha "
<propfemale> hall on kcts   smile 
here we go  
"awesome day in bellingham with mad and laur, followed by fun movie with dad  re-dyed my pink and now in bed with cookies milk, haha  goooooodnight!"
crithisth averthed!!
it's soooooo awesome when i lay in bed for three hours and can't sleep worth a damn  ughh caffeine cut it out!
criminy! it's wednesday and i haven't even started the finishing touches on my costume  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> time flies when your living 
i don't want to get out of bed   sad 
<propmale> and <propfirst> tonight!!
not being able to breathe through your nose is such an awesome feeling 
is so tired she could lay down on the floor of this restaurant and happily fall asleep  i need home   sad 
"if life's not beautiful without the pain, well, i'd just rather never ever even see beauty again  well, as life gets longer awful feels softer, and it feels pretty soft to me "
"shut it down and the staish solo tonight, holy crap i'm tired  work at noon tomorrow, woo!"
"finally home, now laundry, cleaning, then in bed early so i can open in the morning  haha wooooooo friday!"
"laundry folded, room cleaned, bed made and hair washed  feels goood  tomorrow's gonna suck but i can't wait to see my bestie <propfemale>! tomorrow night is gonna be a blast "
"four hours of sleep, eight hours of work (so far), one double tall americano and two red bulls later   i think i'm crashing "
"work work work, all i do is work "
three red bull deep!
good morning sun!
"'just stay in charge girl! you'll be a boss one day if you just stay in charge '' thanks mr  crazy man, i'm gonna keep that in mind "
"makin' money, payin' billz  today was day one of my new grown up life, and i think it went wonderfully!"
"having a blown tire on the side of hwy 2, not awesome  the view i have while i wait for <propmale> schwab to come fix my shyte, super awesome  sweet trade, i had been wanting a <propmale> to enjoy this clear blue sky "
is sooooooo excited to spend the weekend with her best frennnn in bellingham!!  smile 
was it pooomas?
"laying in <propfemale>'s bed, watching the colors in the sky change  i don't think i could have had a better weekend   smile "
"listening to portugal with <propfemale> on <propmale>'s bed  ugly sweater party was a success, time with my besties is all i ever need  eg for life "
just slept for like 18 hours  haha wow i feel like going back for more 
it's really amazing how one e playful erience can put so many things in perspective 
so apparently i have lost my cell phone somewhere in my house   i have no house phone to call it from  will someone please call me so i can find it? and maybe keep calling 'til i do? haha thanks 
found it!  smile 
are you cussin' with me?
"had a dream last night i actually remembered for the first time in months, unfortunately i don't want to remember it at all "
egg steaks!
yoga tiiiiiimeee!!
mmmmystery science theater 
"\those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming  this is a fault  those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated  for these there is hope  they are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only beauty \"" -<propfirst> wilde"""
this might be one of those mediocre days  
looking to add some instant awesome to your day? throw in death race 2000 with <propfirst> carradine and you're set!
"alright, time for change  i'm sick of feeling like i'm not good enough  i'm fucking awesome and the people that matter in my life know it  things are changing, no more wasting time on useless endeavors  i'm making things happen and i'm not taking no for an answer  hello world! you are now my oyster "
"a lovely night in spent with my pals rumi and <propmale>  supes stoked for the bomb vip dance party tomorrow night with my <propfemale>!  smile  sweetdreams world, see you in the am "
"everything, except love of the most\ beautiful, is really agony \it's agony to move toward death and not\drink the water of life  -rumi"
rocked my interview! and now i'm suuuuper stoked about school  eee i'm so excited i had to make a fb post!
i  love  <propfemale>
"had a really amazing day despite the bullshit  taking care of shyte feels really good  work tomorrow, woo! and now some public programming about elephants   groodnight worlds "
'tis the month for taking care of business 
best  salad  ever 
i just love how parents just end the conversation when they know they are wrong  grow up  but i love even more that it doesn't bother me anymore  yay for me growing up!
"children wake up, hold your mistake up,\before they turn the summer into dust  if the children don’t grow up, our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up  we’re just a million little god’s causin rain storms turnin’ every good thing to rust "
fuck <propfirst>'s  happy <propfemale> <propmale> shaw day everyone! hahaa
"breakfast at <propfemale>'s, indian food and a bottle of wine  goooooooooooood night!"
"the weather in this city is insane, i friggen love it  waiting for <propfirst> off eastlake, watching some goons play soccer  haha i love my life "
i woke up this early on my own?? weird things happen when you go to bed before midnight  
heart of a lion!
let's get one thing straight right now  i won't let any person on this earth tie me down  not one 
can't decide if she wants to be a redhead or a brunette    
whoa  the <propfemale> is so bright i can see the snow caps on the mountains  i love this world 
first test down! four more to go   smile 
"don't be a drag, just be a <propfemale> "
the next 48 hours will be absolute hell  wish me luck and hope i make it out alive!!
i need to get out of this place 
1970 newport jazz festival on kcts   smile 
i got ninety nine problems but a bitch ain't one 
needs to stop wasting her days off being lazy  going for a run and finishing my book today!
rugraattssss  laugh 
"is supes annoyed about going a fifth week without a paycheck  at least the tips are great, bahh "
i have a serious nip tuck addiction 
"holy giants hail balls batman, is this a thunderstorm or what?!"
"new hair, new nails, new music  life is gooood "
"<propfemale> gully and sweet, sweetdreams "
it's officially my weekend!
is ready for cabooo 
a wonderful morning spent with the shins and <propfirst> wilde  i have a feeling today will be a very good day 
