ccdcccc7414296a78f3d660f23d8bb12
"i am so happy to be an auntie again!!!!!! first my sister, and now my sister-in-law!!!!!! congrats to my brother and his wonderful wife, <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!! i love you guys!!!!!!! now it's as i told my brother <propmale>, wouldn't be ironic if i got pregnant too!!!! <propfemale> in july, <propfemale> in or about september and me probably a month or two later!!!!!!! not gonna happen i promise!!!!!! love you all!!!!"
"family is very important because no matter what happens their always there 4 u!!! throu the good times & the bad times  i would like to say to my niece <propfemale> how very proud of you i am  i believe with all my heart your going to be a very large name soon  i would like to say to my nephew, <propmale> never let go of your dreams they will come true if u believe!! and to the rest of my family   well your all the best!!!!!"
"anybody who hasn't seen eyes of autumn you have to see them  their fucking awesome!!!!!!!! you all are naturals up there on a stage  watch out world cause their coming your way!!!! if you couldn't make their 1st 2 shows, be at the ottobar on the 28th their playing again  be there people, you have to see them!!!! spread the word, eyes of autumn!!!!!!!!!!! love you all, specially my neice <propfemale>!!!!"
"tryin to get the word out for a fantastic new group, eyes of autumn    they've had 2 shows already, now their headlining at the ottobar on thursday the 28th  their coming out, and their f%&#ing awesome!!!!! so come on out and see them, i can get more details about the ticket costs for you, but no more than 10 00 @ the door!!"
"look to this day for it is life  the very life of life  in it's brief course lie all it's varities of existence  the bliss of growth, the <propfemale> of power, the splendor of action  for yesterday is but a dream and tomorrow is only a vision  but today well lived, makes every yesterday a dream of happiness  today is here, let us do our best to live it one day at a time "
"don't care what people say, believe in your own way  don't be afraid to be to proud, don't be afraid to be ashamed, don't give up in what you believe  the past is no longer here, the future is on it's way, but today is here so let us all believe "
"when some1 tells u 4 so long that ur not beautiful, or u have nothing 2 look @  when some1 tells u 4 so long that ur stupid, ur a bitch, ur this and ur that  when that some1 is some1 who is suppose 2 love u 4 all time, how do u react? what do u do? what do u say?? what do u do when u feel that u want 2 go on with ur life, but they don't?? so many questions, yet no answers, what is the question, & what is the answer??"
here we go again!!!! nother 1 on the way too!!!!
"<propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i can not change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference "
"snows suppose 2 start tomorrow mornin, & not stop til sometime late sat!! i heard from the radio over 44 inches   yes i said 44 inches!!! were suppose to get another storm on tues!! so between the 2 a combined total of   say it again people   44 inches!!! eekish!!!!!! pull out the inner tubes, the sleds, the tabogins, anything you have! oh & if im locked up 4 a wk here with him & the \in-laws\"" i may just go postal!!!"""
"don't care what people say, don't care what people do  just go my own way, i can believe in myself but no one else  try to \fix\"" myself but he just brings me down    """
"poetry is in essence just how we feel & act  our thoughts r written down though not always xact  poetry has a deeper meaning than just what is said, to understand poetry you must read betwen the lines to undrstand the meaning hidden  yes i am having some thoughts that mte be coming out, but maybe i can change u+i  change ourselves  don't love you anymore, stopped loving you ages ago  now your just a habit   "
"come to me, you are my obession  i can not live with out you, you are my obsession  i breathe you laugh, i talk you laugh, i whisper you laugh, cough cough i cant bear to be with you anymore  i need to be myself  "
"here we go again everybody    just dug ourselves out, and now we gotta do it again  i'm really starting to hate this snow  and works probably pissed at me cause there was no way in hell i was gonna work on sunday  suppose to work tonite again but if this snow starts up im not going tonite either  panera's just not that important "
"have u ever wished u could b some1 else? not necesarily another person, but that u had been born in a different state, different time period, different country, different origins? me, i'd like 2 have been born a cherokee maiden, in the state that's now called oklahoma, in the 1800's  i've always admired the cherokee nation, & almost wrote a story about the trail of tears  i still have it thou i've never finished it "
isn't ironic how u go about ur life never really seeing people for who and what they r?? the ones u think r ur friends end up losing touch with u & the ones u haven't seen in 10 15 yrs r the ones who can change ur life  people u've never met can say 1 little thing & it changes ur perspective about life & the way u always thought & lived 
"what do i do and what do i say? the things i feel just won't go away  in one way you tell me you love me, and another way you tell me you want out  you throw ultimatums at me when i am who i have been and will never change  you demand this, you demand that, you want this, and you want that  what about me? i to have my wants, my needs, but you've forgotten those    "
"man what a f$&%ed up day     i woke up in a good mood than i got a phone call that sent my mood straight to hell  had a massive headache for almost the entire day, then spoke to some really great friends & now  well it's ending on a good note again  yeah for me!!!!!!!!"
"what u think u no is never true  what u think is truth is really a lie  do u ever really no anything about ur significant other? does he she ever really tell u whats on their mind? or are they telling what they think u want to hear? life is full of many dirty little secrets  & i believe that behind every door is just another secret  we may not always want to hear the truth, but i do believe the truth will set u free "
"well i finally did it   i got my pics up like every1 has been asking 4 like 6 months now!!!! its just the begining thou so bear with me!!! & to those of u who haven't seen me in awhile yes i colored my hair, and yes im wearing makeup!!! hehe   "
"life is to short to give a damn what others think  steve & i are working on our diffrences & only time will tell how things turn out  each day is a new day, each thought is a new thought  & no matter what happens i'll b happy for myself "
"avatar!!! best damn movie since titanic!!! a must c, @ least in my book!!!!"
"food 4 thought   y is it that some ppl feel the need 2 impress others?? y can we not just be exactly who we r all the time & not some of the time???? i have no need 2 impress any1, whether it b my boss, my friends, my husband, or my family  so y do others go out of their way 2 impress some1 else while making others miserable in the process????"
i read something the other day that has stuck with me  it's from proverbs 31 & it reads: a worthy woman   strength and dignity are her clothing and she smiles at the future  just wanted to share that little tidbit  makes u think is there a worthy man????
"was in an accident 2 days ago  rear-ended by some young punk, playing with his a c or radio or his phone not sure really  hit me so damn f-ing hard he left an imprint of his tag # on my back bumper!!!! never hit his brake! he bent the body on my car, broke my motor mount, & sent my front tag flying in the air!!! i hurt like a mother f***er!!! i'm out of wrk til the 18th mayb even longer!!"
"god i hurt  havent been in an accident in probly 12 yrs!! hurts 2 chew, yawn, evn pickin up the smallest things hurts like hell  when's it gonna go away?? i no its only been a coupla days, & they said it would get worse b4 it got better  but dam i hate feelin like this!!! i really hate havin 2 take all these pills 2 make myself feel better  they make me feel really loopy!!! i'm already loopy without meds!!!"
"dam these pics r old as dirt!!! gotta update some new stuff  jus givin a shout out to all my family & friends    mom, dad, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, a sharon, <propfemale>, u <propfirst>, a cathy, everyone from panera, <propfemale>, nique, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, lumpy, trav, matt    miss u guys"
around every corner is an obstacle  but not every obstacle will stop you from going forward with your life 
"well everyone i did it again!!!! colored my hair!!! this time thou i did it a lil darker, & i have highlights also  wish to hell i could post some pics but i don't have the set-up to do it  might try & get my neice to download a few for me  add to my profile "
the most handsomest little boy in all of wv & md is 5 months old today!!!! we love you soooo much kierian!!!! lol auntie <propfemale>
"i have 6 more days til my probation is over!!!! 2 frigging yrs of this shit & im finally done!!! feel like celebrating, but i kno i can't "
"o but i do still have probation for de  thats not that bad thou, aint gotta c a po, just have to send in a report evry month, & pay restitution!! thats done in sept    "
arrgggg i need to know how in the hell i can get my info from fb to myspace!!!!???? im getting f@$&ing pissed and fast … http annoyed  lnk ms lngzy
