4bb5402bcb1b9af60d14b763afe2db70
does anyone like chopped liver?
totally feels like chopped liver
why don't all fridays come when you need them?
thinks its totally not fair that i dont have much time to stay on facebook  gotta go be a band nerd! :-{) (like the dude with a mustache?)
is so totally bummed its monday  they should have had one more day added into the weekend
have you ever gotten tired of people and wished you were on a deserted island by yourself?
check out my music on myspace!
please 
i haven't felt this tired since i took an unplanned 4 hour hike! i got lost 
in case you didn't know  i moved out of my mom's house  now life is extremely busy  no time for anything 
                                                                                                                                          
"don't label me  i'm not something you stick on a shelf, buy when it looks good, and throw away when you get tired of it "
totally tired of weekends that feel longer than they are 
gave blood today!!!
blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
today is the anniversary of my dad's death  not a fun time for me
whew  so little time  so much to do  x-)
"i'm spinning  i don't know where i'm going  i only know where i hope to end up  the near future is a haze, but years down the road i know exactly where i want to be  it's funny how i think i'll wake up one day and be there "
i wonder why little kids adore me  sometimes i just don't get it  -visiting my uncle at his day care 
for some strange reason i felt really fat today 
today i feel like running 
i just went throught my box of memories  it was mostly pictures and cards people had sent me  of course when i read through all the cards that were sent to me after my father's death i started to cry  i don't know if i have told any of you   
"so  i'm back from washington d c  and now i'm 18 years old  i just got my car in my name  so many good things have been happening  but, my sister wrecked her car and my brother blew an intake gasket in his truck and my mom's dog died  so the world continues to be a balance of good and bad "
if you have ever tried to diet you will know how much will power it takes  if you have ever counted calories you will know how much concentration it takes 
man! censuring your comments is so hard!
have you ever e playful ected the une playful ected just to have it turn out that only the e playful ected happened?
"sometimes i wish this whole thing was already over with and i was in heaven with god for eternity  waiting is boring, exhausting, frustrating, and sometimes pointless  except to learn <propfemale>  oh great  x-)"
thinking way too much for my own good 
sorry everybody  today is the only day i can get on facebook  long story  don't ask  talk to you next week 
i am so totally glad that i am finally back on facebook! took a while for me to get myself together! long story don't ask 
"hmm  snow  it's fun to play with, but the minute it shows up i start to get a cough "
hey everybody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you guys  wanted to tell you i'm going to florida with the band (yes i am a band nerd) so i won't be able to get on facebook for like a week  sorry!!!! i'm a little too lowtech so i don't have internet on my phone  see you guys!!!!!!
we have finally started dissecting our cats in anatomy  we finished getting the skin off today!!!
so excited about the circuit rider campout tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whoo! i need to go to bed on time tonight  i am tired  yawn!
school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! there's too much of it!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love sleep after a long day   smile 
"i love spam salad!! especially the way my mom makes it  it is so good  with dill pickle relish, just a few spices, a squirt of mustard, ooooooohhhhhhhh! it is so god  i could just sit here forever just eating spam salas  ahhhh "
"if you have not heard already i will let you know  i wrecked my car friday night, june 25  i lost control of my car when distracted by flying papers  stupid right? but god was in control and kept me safe  my car landed upside down in a puddle  a soft landing but messy  i'm fine now  just a little sore  you can message me for more details  just don't as how fast i was going  i don't know   smile "
i was a deep-thinking philosophical adult yesterday  today i'm just a teenager playing around on the internet!  smile 
i ate chinese food today  my fortune said that 'a four-wheeled adventure will soon bring me happiness '  smile 
status shuffle: <propfemale> says being an aunt is the greatest feeling in the world! it's all the fun without the responsibility   smile 
what's on my mind? butterflies!!! oh yeah  and getting ready for college in  dayssss!!!!!! ahhhhhh!!!!!!!
"i leave for <propfirst> tomorrow!! it's not the end of the earth  i'll still have internet access  i think   smile  still, it's a big step  leaving home  embarking on the unknown  it is a thrilling and terrifying rite of passage into adulthood  but i'm finally ready!!!!"
girl i have been so busy i don't know what i'm doing sitting here on the couch  i have changed so uch in the past week i'm not sure you would know you were talking to the same person  but i still love ya girl   smile 
hmmm  confessions free the soul  but i won't burden you with the deep dark things i've confessed  i'll leave you to wonder  mwa ha ha ha ha  ( sorry  i still have that sarcasm i haven't quite learned to dislike yet  love you guys   playful )
"i am missing my family so much today, but i'm having lots of fun   smile  wait  what am i talking about?! i'm sitting here bored on my couch with nothing to do, but get ahead on my required reading!!!"
not all walks down memory <propfirst> are pleasant
"the lord convicted me of my prolific use of facebook applications  keeping up with them, takes my attention off of god, so i had to get rid of all the ones that required everyday upkeep  the last one i just got rid of is school of magic  i had over 39 billion in the treasury and 5 billion in assets  kind of sad but who really cares it was just a game right?"
i miss my family!!!!!
i hope i get this job  please pray for me 
"oh what a difficult price i pay for virtue: anonymity \and yet, i will receive a much greater reward in heaven than my mind could fathom  \yet, my flesh"
"still desires what it cannot have  \dear god, if you have called me to virtue, why not take away this craving?\yet, i know that you have a plan and i mus"
"t submit \\help me, oh god \help me!\\the darkness and silence of the room fills me with what i have long dreamed of \stop my flesh from taking control!"
"you helped <propfirst> when he cried out to you \and he did not stop at just a daydream \don't leave me in my distress!\\oh god  \\i feel you here \i feel your"
" presence \\and the peace i feel calms my flesh and reminds it of greater joys \recalls higher ecstasy than any that can be shared with man \\oh to be a"
"virtuous woman! \\to know that because of your son's sacrificial death,\i can come into your presence,\bask in your glory,\until the desires for worldly"
"things are all swept away and i am left with one thing annoyed my love for you \\may you always be praised as only one who is truly consecrated to you can worsh"
ip 
sorry about the extended posts  if you want to read the full thing (i'm not exactly sure what it is maybe a prayer???????) it is in my notes 
sorry if you guys try to read my multiple posts on my wall  it's kind of hacked apart because i forgot there was a character limit  it is in its entirety in my notes 
thanks you guys for praying i got the job at grandy's  it's an okay job and i thank god for it   laugh 
"ever felt like man i messed up big time  get depressed for a little while, then suddenly you feel god's forgiveness and your all okay  not okay is an i didn't do anything wrong but okay as in my sins are washed away?"
ever felt like 'man i messed up again'; then get depressed until you suddenly feel god's forgiveness; then you're okay again?
i hate being sick and so far from home   sad 
"this then is how we know that we belong to the truth, and how we set our hearts at rest in his presence whenever our hearts condemn us  for god is greater than our hearts, and he knows everything  - 1 <propfirst> 3:19-20 funny  it only takes two verses and 30 secs  to refute an hour's worth of ranting   smile "
"i have yahoo messenger video chat!!!!!!\and goodnight everybody   smile "
going back to work after recovering  wonderful and terrible at the same time   smile 
talking to my missionary friend in <propfemale>   smile 
what is on my mind? this ever downward spiral of relationship between <propmale> and the world  read <propfirst> 3:2  jesus didn't fulfill that prophecy yet did he? (no really answer my question if you have biblical proof that i am wrong  i really want to know )
"today i want to say that funerals are not the easiest functions to attend  i was filled with memories of the dearly departed, but i am determined to not let this spoil my recent attitude of peace  god is on the throne and my father, aunt <propfemale> and recently pastor <propmale> tucker are now worshipping in his presence which is, in truth, where i would rather be if god had not called me to work here "
have you ever wanted to just go back in time and start your day over?
&so today is another day when you just wanna go to sleep and skip a day  it's really wierd  yesterday afternoon turned out well this afternoon wasnt too b
&ad either  it was the morning (i e  school) i had a problem with  whats worse is that midterms are next week!
"sometimes i laugh at the stupidity of man  then my heart hurts for their ability to willfully misunderstand out of their own fear of losing control  exhibit a: evilbible com what do you say to show them the truth? how do you answer their questions? i know some who can  i wish i could automatically remove the doubt of everyone in the world, but then, if it were that easy, god would have already done that "
 smile 
i'll be home sunday!!!!!
i'm so excited! i've lost weight and the way my schedule is going i'm about to lose more! in a healthy way  i don't have time to snack in the afternoons   smile 
can someone please find the store phone number for grandy's on polk street  <propfirst> tx  like now? i need it 
"had a great day at home  a great service with pastor <propfirst>, a word from god, and a little quality fishing time with family before i had to head back   smile "
"so many things have changed in just on week  i really need you guys to pray for me  i don't know if i can e playful lain everything over facebook, but send me a private message and i might be able to e playful lain a little more e playful licitly on what to pray for "
update <propfemale> 2011: i will be able to provide tax deductibles for a charitable donation  more information shoud be upcoming after the next meeting on tuesday
"i never knew quarters were so important, until i had to find them to wash my laundry   smile "
i am not a in a box  i can grow  i can change  i won't be this way forever  god has plans for me  did you think he would let me stay immature forever? just let me grow  it might surprise you who i turn out to be 
a good friend is one who will jeopardize their relationship with you to say what needs to be said 
i just want to say thank you to all of our veterans and those currently serving in the military  god bless you 
"right after i get one thing settled in my heart, god goves me another lesson to learn  the pruning never stops "
"1 thessalonians 5:23-24\may god himself, the god of peace, sanctify you through and through  may your whole spirit, soul and body be kept blameless at the coming of our lord jesus christ  the one who calls you is faithful and he will do it   smile "
we are having a 24 hour prayer here at cfni  i went as long as i could  now it's time to sleep   smile 
well cafeteria supper was a fail 
sometimes being everybody's little sister is hard 
i love you guys so much and i'm doing great today! it's all set  i'm going to san <propfirst> for thanksgiving   smile  i'm so happy! ecstatic in fact   smile 
happy thanksgiving everybody!
"god is so good  of course he was good before he gave me the $800 i needed, but it just sounds like a great way to start off saying: i don't have to quit my job and move back home  i can stay and work off the other $500 i need over the christmas break and start again in january  now all i need is to convince my boss that i can work 8 hours a day   smile "
at the mall  waiting on a friend to get off work  thought this would be fun  at least it's better than sitting on my couch doing nothing   smile 
i can't believe i am voluntarily going for a solo jog! i just have too much energy and it's making mr climb the walls!
2 weeks until school starts again!
"my prayer for this year annoyed this life is worth nothing if i do not live it for you \this pain is worth nothing if it does not change me into who you want me to be \all that i have gained is worth nothing if it does not take me where you want me to go \this love is worth nothing if it does not make me seek you more \this joy is worth nothing if i do not share it with who you want me to \i am nothing without you "
"let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy, that's no fun   smile "
"\i never knew i could be so mean til i was all alone and had to start arguing with myself  did you know you can actually make yourself cry?\"" can you believe this status that i wrote has been used 249 times on status shuffle?"""
i love all of your birthday posts! thanks guys  i had a few wonderful days with family where i only thought of facebook in passing  i think some of my fish have died in fishville though  i have to go check 
okay  this is beginning to make me nervous  i have received two calls from people claiming to get my number from their caller i d  i did not call them  is it possible for two people to have the same cell number?
kabash! that's how we do it!
"my stinking battery died again  yes, i can safely say it stinks  it stunk the last time i had to recharge it, too  i remember because i had to <propfemale> it  it is also greasy, filthy and totally unreliable  i just wish i could spare the money to buy a new one  i may have to  it might have gone bad "
"you know, today is one of those days where you just want to start running and not stop until you keel over from exhaustion- or, in my case lack of breath "
"well it looks like a slow day at work  thank god! literally  thank you, god!  laugh "
"i've had pancakes, coffee and plenty of sleep  my roomates are gone and i'm about to rock this place!"
have you heard about gay activists boycotting chik-fil-a because they donated to a christian organization who opposes same-sex marriages? i think it's amazing how intolerant the people calling for tolerance are!!!!!
it's snowing!!!
i went sledding for the first time!!! at least that i remember  lol  i had so much fun!!! snow is awesome when it gets you out of school!  laugh  now it's time for hot chocolate!  laugh 
i've just seen who stalks me on facebook! you can see who creeps around your profile too! http annoyed  redirectway com stalker
