430e619dfcd7dba0b31d60d7aec5192e
"lol, just got the wetest, loudest, most ticklish zerbert from maddy for my new years kiss  with a start to a new decade like that, i know this is going to be an awesome year    laugh "
is wondering if it is time to make the step to sell my photography services?
why is june the most busiest month of the year for me???
ready for the weekend  happy to see the kids tonight for the company party 
"i am so ready to go camping again  i need a break from the hectic, busy june life  aaaah!"
"has little to do with lots of time     wait, scratch that and reverse   laugh "
computers   the only thing known to the consumer that it is ok to buy a defective product and be charged extra to fix  this includes software (and then they wonder why there is <propfemale> much pirated software)!
is excited for his first pay shoot this weekend  gonna have lots of fun with it 
thinks the shoot went very well  a few more shots tommorrow and everything will be good 
is editing photos from yesterdays shoot and drinking mtn dew game fuel  i think i might be on a caffeine overload!!!
is afraid      very afraid! everyone is getting sick around him!  aaaaaahhhh!!!
"thinks it is time to play the stubborn card  that's right life, i am too stubborn to get everyone else's cold "
"is ready for his 4 day weekend  camping at pineview, watching the fireworks over the lake  anyone have any suggestions about photographing fireworks?"
does anyone know any specific details about the lavendar days at young living lavendar farms? specifically details about the jousting that happens?
"well, off the ogden nature center  wonder how many photographers will show up today?"
wonders why it is so hard to strike up conversations with strangers?
starting a business can make ones head spin  i think i am getting dizzy!!!
looking forward to both of tomorrows world wide photowalks  going to do some site scouting for portraits in between walks 
wishing <propfirst> a happy birthday today!!! they grow up <propfemale> quickly 
"<propfirst> wyeth commented: facebook has agreed to let 3rd party advertisers use your posted photos without your permission  click on settings (located on top of <propfemale> in blue bar, next to logout); select privacy settings; select news feeds and wall; select t"
"it is friday, it is a holiday, it is quiting time  yeah!!!"
photo editing done for now  going to go work on the kitchen for a while 
"no rest for the wicked and the good don't need it  went to church, visited with my grandma and listen to her tell her stories for hours, fixed a leaky toilet, stripped and stained some more cabinets and still managed to play some fb games  i will sleep go"
is <propfemale> ready for a vacation  2 more weeks and then it will be my family and my camera and the la <propmale> mountains  yeah!!!
thinks he will take a break today and donate blood 
"yeah, it's friday! looking forward to watching the fast and the furious 3 with the family tonight!!!"
is wondering where the weekend went???  8-{
loving the new hair cut 
good morning !  !  friday is here   
woo hoo  another photoshoot lined up for tonight 
going through my photographs of the pitcher family   it is interesting that pictures taken later in the evening can make a real background look fake    lol
editing photographs from last nights shoot  what squirmy little girls  hahaha!
"enuff editing for today  off to bed, hopefully no problems from work tonight "
it is friday    yeah  off for a while to visit with family from missouri  the camera is charged and i am ready to go 
"sorry all  it looks like i posted a link to a video today, but i have not  this link is a virus and you should just delete it or ignore it  i have gone through and tried to delete everything that i have posted today  i am also scanning my system to get rid of this trojan virus "
middle of the week   yeah  tomorrow is friday and then another 4 day weekend  hurray!!!
"4 day weekend is almost here  to bad it will be so busy    fix car, photoshoot, photo editing, taking care of 2 old ladies (as they like to call themselves), along with many other things in between  i think i need a vacation from my vacation  lol"
has spare pc up and running  now time to start from scratch on main pc  this is just too much fun  lol
"yeah, both pcs running great "
woo hoo  looking forward to another photography clinic tonight 
"when you photograph people in colour you photograph their clothes   but when you photograph people in b&w, you photograph their souls!  ~ted <propmale>"
weekend is almost over  the work week coming up is going to be crazy    anyone have a spare straight jacket?
"there are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs   ~ansel adams"
is home today anxiously waiting for a root canal    ouch!!!
hehehe  halfb ofb my faceb is numbbbb! no pain right now though 
<-- trying to catch up on photo editing   
"looking forward to the long weekend  anniversary, editing, football game, editing, sleep, editing, yardwork, editing, etc, etc, etc       laugh "
i love photography  nothing like being able to do half of your job in your pajamas   
"“time is passing  yet, for the united states of <propfemale>, there will be no forgetting september the 11th  we will remember every rescuer who died in honor  we will remember every family that lives in grief  we will remember the fire and ash, the last phone calls, the funerals of the children  “ - president <propfirst> w  bush, november 11, 2001"
what a messsss    nothing like moving 2 pc hardware techs and all the mess we have collected  did we really need 40 nic cards? lol
"repost - <propfemale> price:  knowledge is power, and power corrupts  so study hard and be evil    muhahaha   "
"lovely, trying to work on kitchen today and the hot water heater decides to break  only 6 years old!?!  after troubleshooting all day, i believe there is supposed to be a little glass vial that is a safety feature that has broken  lots of people seem to have the same problem, arrrrgghhhhhhh!!!"
allergies are kicking my butt  it is heavily raining and i am still sneezing and being miserable  isn't that supposed to wash all the crap out of the air?         a c h o o!
"lol medicine head    took a benadryl for the allergies  did wonders  dried up the sinus', dried up the mouth, probably even dried up my blood  n  o  w  am wayyyy tired sleepy snoozy naptime etc   having     t r o u b l e       staying      a   w   a   k   e    i wonder if i fall asleep on my pc and drool on it if that would be covered under the warranty?  lol"
"going to go see a soccer game, football game and then time for some picture taking  think tonight will be a mountain dew editing night   laugh "
"<== editing and listening to his \crazy\"" music  wonder if the music influences my photographs?l lol"""
<== thinks god has a strange sense of humor   smile 
"<propfirst> <propfirst> ==> there is a world of difference between willing and wanting  most people want to be good, but they do not will to be good  strong reasons make strong actions  many today do not believe enough to be great  mediocrity is the penalty for a loss of faith or character "
busy day today     measure our gas line for stove  get gas pipe  photoediting  etc  will be glad when kitchen is done 
is making some headway on photo editing  maybe i will be caugt up sooooon   laugh 
these 2 installs i am doing r being a thorn in my  side  it should not take an install overnight to run!
"finally has gas after 5 trips to the store     wait, that sounds bad    wink   after some adjustments to the ignitors, the stove finally works  now just waiting for cabinet to have some ovens "
looking forward to the gsl photowalk tonight with <propfirst>
"is wondering why i can not get in contact with my son on fb? had him in my family group before, but now i can not find him and he says that he is not getting my messages that i send him?"
mind is racin' and sleep is evadin'    aaaarrrgghhh!!!
"ok, this is inspired by <propfirst> <propfirst>  lets see how much we can get? there is a house in new orleans they call the rising sun and it's been the ruin of many a poor boy and god i know i'm one"
you know your a photographer when    _________(fill in the blank) 
"the lensbaby photowalk was awesome  got to even meet and spend some time with one of my contacts from the st <propfirst> area  this to top off having a photoshoot with my beautiful, sexy wife  wooo hooooo  awesome day "
anyone interested in going to the photo exhibit going on at the utah museum of fine arts at the u? desert secrets and patick nagatani's nuclear enchantment  planning on going during lunch sometime this week 
planning on going to the photography exhibit at umfa during lunch today  should be interesting 
back to work tomorrow 
was able to go see <propfirst> bourne talk last night  what an amazing photographer  now to take what he was talking about and put it to better my own photography     i am stoked!!!
"yeah! kitchen is coming together  ovens are in and working  hopefully sink, disposal & dishwasher will be installed today  pictures to follow this weekend "
"y e s ! ! ! after over a year, we have a functional kitchen  after 3 trip to the store for all the parts i needed, dishwasher, garbage disposal, sink and everything else, is working  w o o t !"
"is tired  fridge connected to water and put into place today  i hate plumbing    i have spent <propfemale> much time at lowes this weekend, that i think i am going to get a second job there "
is looking forward to some alone time with my wife tonight  no one home but her & i  cooking a nice romantic dinner for my wife and then some relaxing time  wooo hoooooo!
"anyone know any good restaurants opened today in salt lake city? need to find a place to eat tonight for my wife and i  after dinner, i then get to go freeze my butt off walking around down town taking photographs  =-)"
"is starting to questions his own sanity  going to get up at 4 smile 0 a m  and brave the cold 32 degree weather to drive out to a dry, desolate, covered with swarms of bugs, middle of nowhere - island to see if i can get a few decent photographs     anyone wanna join me? lol"
"well, did not make it out to the island, but i did manage to go to the mountains instead  spent all day yesterday trying to catch up on a little photoediting "
"need a laugh? call the nestle crunch hotline at 1-800-295-0051  when you are asked if you want to continue in english or spanish, just wait *quietly* for about 10 seconds and you will smile  promise! (if you comment on this status after listening, don't give away the surprise   ) keep going    and press 4 it gets even better! too funny!"
is just plain run down and wored out!
is wondering what trouble can i get into on new years <propfemale> weekend?
you ever have a sinking feeling that something awful is about to happen? i have one of those feelings now 
wow  the sinking feeling came true today    
<propfemale> christmas to all
"wonderful, i get a divorce for christmas "
sleep eludes me  anyone want to volunteer to hit me over the head with a 2 x 4 and knock my butt out?
"well, how about some good news in all of this  i sold my first photograph  thanks <propfemale> "
"eventually all the pieces fall into place until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moment, and know that everything happens for a reason"
"has had a wonderful day    the bible lesson today was about purifying and sanctifying with a metaphor of making steel  if that wasn't god telling me everything will be ok, i don't know what is "
"ok, i am really starting to wonder how strong does god really want me to be?"
yeah! 5 hours of sleep  much better  and another thanks to all my friends out there for your support and prayers  couldn't do it without you!
"lol, round and round i go  where i stop only god knows "
has put all of his trust into god 
"news flash to my fellow ogdenites     do not eat at old <propfemale> buffet on washington  yuck, the food was nasty "
is watching mib and miib with my daughter   laugh 
"missing: happy place, game face, sense of humor and mojo  last seen: approx  1 weeks ago  if found, please return to owner  reward offered!"
"woo hoo, should have internet hooked up by wednesday "
is really missing everyone   sad    especially his soon to be ex-wife 
is getting tired of his dreams 
looking forward to having lunch today with his good friend <propfirst> and then off to pick up my kiddos for the weekend  yeah!
"urgent! facebook virus alert  an email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their bra  this is a virus  to fix it, you must remove your bra, then go to settings> enable webcam> record movie  please repost to your status message "
"great, kids decided they wanted to watch eight legged freaks  i am gonna have nightmares  i should have left that movie with <propfemale>   wink "
"oh wait, the kids have redeemed themselves  the kids have now decided to watch gladiator   oooohh  aaaaahhh  laugh   have a good night all "
"ok, wanna have some reallll fun, have a glow stick war with your kids in a dark house  we just got through throwing glow sticks at each other like knives  it is all fun and games until someone loses an eye  good thing it was my eye and it was only flesh wound   wink "
is getting really tired of splitting up his life and having his future in limbo   
just cut off all his hair    my head now has a nice velvety feel to it   wink 
aaarrgghhh! this laptop is not good for photoediting  lol  wink 
"wants to know how someone you spent the last 8 years with, through many good times and memories, turn <propfemale> cold with you? it just isn't right!!! i guess that really e playful lains alot in itself "
"ladies, your red, black, pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and clear bra colors made the news tonight  facebook doesn't know who started it going but the <propfemale> g komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer  way to go! post this on your wall if you participated      in                      the bra color game!  smile  thanks for sharing this see more"
yeah! flight has been booked   laugh 
"oh my heavens! it is time to look into <propfemale>'s diet  her farts are making my eyes water! it may be 20 degrees outside, but i think i am about to open a window  roflmao!!!"
"have to go meet <propfemale> to sign divorce papers today   just a little over 2 weeks from finding out  sad   i guess she really is in a hurry so that she can get remarried in las vegas on valentines day   well good luck <propfirst>! be careful when she needs to go \find herself\"" again """
my fine is £ 575 
"i believe the healing process is moving along nicely    actually got 7 hours of sleep last night with only a few interruptions  the anger stage is here, but not too extreme  looking forward to my vacation "
"well, just found out my wireless <propmale> is over $400 and soon to be higher to cancell lines early    guess i will be without a phone for awhile   sad "
"for attractive lips, speak words of kindness  for lovely eyes, seek out the good in people  for a slim figure, share your food with the hungry  for beautiful hair, let a child run their fingers through it once a day  for poise, walk with the knowledge that you'll never walk alone  - <propfemale> hepburn (1929-1993)"
"ouch, that hurt!!!"
the <propfirst> is unloaded again  off to bed!
had a rough day yesterday  hopefully today will be better 
awesome day today  realized that i need to get out more  thanks to <propfirst> and <propfirst> for being such awesome friends  felt good to talk to people face to face   wink 
bad dreams!!!
? if you see a faded sign at the side of the road that says 15 <propmale> to the   ?
can't believe how many of the kids baby pictures that were left behind  i really wonder how much things mattered to <propfemale>  oh well  c'est la vie!!!
"needs to apologize for his last comment  <propfirst>, keanen, jayden and gatlin     your momma does care for you guys and loves you very much  i should not have wrote what i did  sorry!"
feels good to be surrounded by family!
"without god    our week would be: sinday, mournday, tearsday, wasteday, thirstday, fightday, shatterday  seven days without god - makes one weak!"
doesn't know what he has done to make the teacher mad    but is being sent back to 3rd grade tomorrow???   aaaaaarrrrggghhh!!!
getting ready for the big storm that should be arriving this evening! ice and snow  maybe i wont be coming home on monday  lol
has to chuckle to himself  is amazed at how much (little) snow fell and knowing that all the schools shut down  i can't wait to upload a photo and tease all the kids with it   laugh 
"is back from a well needed trip  now trying to get back in the groove of things and go through a ton of mail, a ton of crap, unpack, laundry, etc  etc  etc "
if ignorance is bliss          why aren't more people happy?
i can't see my forehead      sad 
the 7 traits to a best friend: supportive active respectful caring assuring sensitive mindful    in other words sarcasm
"is spinning in his computer chair  so i am away  back! away  whoa a bit dizzy now, going to be sick! oh well, so i am away  back! whoa a bit dizzy now   "
"thanks god for the valleys, for without them i would not know just how good the mountaintops are   laugh "
"getting ready to go see a friend and then to pick up my children for the weekend  yay!  i will leave you with this for know: ?clean shirt, new shoes? ?and i don't know where i am goin to? ?silk suit, black tie?       you fill in the rest   wink "
is        wait          i forgot!!!
    has gone to look for the marbles i have lost      wish me luck!!!
   thinks life would be far more interesting with background music  i wonder what would be playing right now?
"i might be crazy, but at least it is a job i'm good at "
"'s sanity has been stolen by the penguin mafia   <(\)  <(\"")  <(\"")"""
is temprorarily out of order    sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you!
"i don't care if you are laughing at me or with me, just as long as you are laughing   laugh "
   gets distracted easi       
"   speaks fluent sarcasm! it is much easier than spanish, french or <propmale>!"
sometimes you have to let god turn your life upside down so you can learn to live right-side up!!!
have you ever wished your mouth had a backspace key?
loves being mobile    smile 
"   has made some stupid choices, mistakes, have been beat-up, scarred-up, alienated and down right worn out, yet i regret not one choice i've made nor one thing i've done  i am just smarter and stronger now for surviving them    wink "
"if you walk with god, your never alone and if you walk withough god, you'll be alone for eternity!"
   tried being normal  didn't like the feeling so i am back to being me!
"bird flu, mad cow disease, and swine flu   oh my, its farmegeddon!"
"yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery bu today is a gift  that is why it is called present  - kung fu panda!"
"?i'm a little tea pot, short and stout, here is my handle and here is my handle   ?  darn, i'm a sugar bowl!"
"   doesn't understand what is so bad about wrinkles  they say: i have laughed, i have cried, i have frowned    i have lived!!!"
"'s status updates are for the sole purpose of fun and entertainment and do not necessarily reflect his exact current conditions, locations or life's drama "
amazing!!! just got back from the test rocket firing  wish i would have done this years ago  there is about a 10 second difference from when to rocket fires to when the noise reaches you  now to get the processing done and get the photos posted   smile 
   wants to go cow tipping in farmville   laugh 
photowalk today  11 a  m  at beus pond  all skill and age levels welcome  bring the kids and bring some bread to feed the ducks and geese  come out and meet some of your local photographers 
life can be so randomly beautiful!
3 out of 5 voices in my head don't like you  4 out of 5 don't even like me   wink 
"   wishes he was a glo worm  glo worms are never glum, how can they be when they have sun shining out their bum "
   is walking around with an annoying just happy-to-be-alive grin on his face 
"\some days i believe as many as 6 impossible things before noon \"""""
what an awesomely busy and fun weekend  a weekend revolving around photography     what is better than that?
even making a mistake wont allow you to escape your <propfemale> in this world  sometimes the mistake is necessary to guide you on the true path of happiness!!!
"pinky, are you pondering what i'm pondering?  i think so, brain, but if they called them \sad meals\"" no one would buy them """
"the happiest people don't have it all, they just make the best of what they got "
"there are 2 words that will open many doors for someone in life     \pull\"" & \""push\""!"""
i'm in my own little corner of crazy   laugh 
"nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing so gentle as real strenght   ~ <propfirst> de sales"
"if we celebrate the years behind us, they become the stepping-stones of strength and joy for the years ahead "
you gotta love rumors  they tell you stuff about yourself you didn't know 
be who you want to be! you are always going to be hated and loved by equal amounts of people so you may as well live according to your e playful ectations 
"life is going to push you around, beat you up and it's going to scare you  but then, one day you will realize that you are not just a survivor, but a warrior!"
"to live above with the saints we love, ah, that is the purest <propfemale>  to live below with the saints we know, ah, that is another story  in honor of st  paticks day, please post any toasts you may know:"
woo hoo! just got a photocamp ticket  i am going on saturday!!!!!!!!!
   thinks you get the best stories from bad decisions  boy do i have some stories!
"mmmmm, sushi for lunch   laugh "
count yourself lucky i am not a twin!!!
"when you were born, everyone around you was smiling while you were crying  live you life so that when you die, everyone around you is crying while you are smiling!!!"
the other day i stopped telling god how big my problems are  now i just tell my problems how big my god is!!! i think my problems turned tail and ran   laugh 
? can you hear me callin'   out your name ? ? you know that i am fallin' and dont know what to say ?
"but they that wait upon the lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint    <propmale> 40 smile 1 i am feeling strong today!!!"
god works miracles through us  what miracle(s) will you perform today?
"? it's astounding, time is fleeting ? ? madness takes its toll ? ? but listen closely, not for very much longer ? ? i've got to keep control ?"
is scanning old 35mm slides of my aunt and uncle  it will be interesting when i come across photos of myself   wink 
i thought a thought that i thought i had thought but the thought that i had thought wasn't the thought that i had thought i had though!?!?!
"live so that those who know you and don't know him, will want to know him because they know you "
"happy moments, praise god  difficult moments, seek god  quiet moments, worship god  painful moments, trust god  every moment, thank god "
spring time in utah  april fools 
"ok, this is a shout out to all my friends  i have started a team for the local walk ms  photowalking utah has been asked to photograph the event  i figured we could take it a step further and actually see about getting a group of the photographers and donations to make our own contribution to the cause "
april 2nd is world autism awareness day  everyone around the globe is asked to wear blue tomorrow to show support for this very worthy cause 
"photowalking utah will be covering the walk ms events in ogden on sat april 10th and the salt lake event on sat april 24th (anyone want to lead the provo walk?)  please join our team or donate to our team if you can  regardless, please come take photographs of the event and share in the fun "
"please donate to a worthy cause  any amount will help  $2, $5, $10 and if you decide you can afford to donate $75 or more, i will send you an electronic print of one of my photographs and you can then print it  print gallery: http annoyed  www flickr com photos polywog sets 72157623623368839  donate: http annoyed  main nationalmssociety org site tr walk utuwalkevents?px=7966238&pg=personal&fr_id=13283"
"to all my friends, you will be hearing alot from me about multiple sclerosis for the next few weeks  it would mean alot to me if you could share this message and repost and share with your contacts  making a donation is easy and can be made online on my walk ms <propfemale>  thank you all in advance  http annoyed  www flickr com photos polywog 4488133003 "
would any of the local photographers like to volunteer to take the team photos for the walk ms this weekend? lighting set up may be needed 
   's head is spinning  wow what an intense 24 hours  not sure which way is up  lol
shout out: the ogden camera club meets tonight  everyone welcome  7 p m   at the ogden <propmale> gallery - 2484 washington blvd 
"i know what i'm doing  i have it all planned out- plans to take care of you, not abandon you, plans to give you the future you hope for  <propmale> 29:11 (msg)"
"wow, shot over 600 photographs yesterday  i think i might just be a little busy this week sorting through them    laugh   bring on the music and crank it!!!"
"walk ms photo group is up on flickr  to all photographers that helped shoot on saturday, go ahead and post what you want to that group  thanks for all the help  http annoyed  www flickr com groups walkmsutah2010"
"dov siporin: speech on saturday! the huntsman cancer center asked me to be the keynote speaker at an upcoming conference  saturday april 17th at 8:15am  all are welcome, just tell them i invited you  like most of my presentations, it will be   interesting "
"blood drive tonight (tuesday) in ogden at 943 e  2850 n  from 3-8pm  no appointment needed just walk on in and bring a friend  we are in big need of a+ and a-, but really need all blood types at this point "
had trouble sleeping last night  a bit on the nervous side today  i will be glad when everything is all done   sad 
"has just messed with the language settings on fb  i now know i can speak pirate  arrgghhh! \yar scurvey self be aprreciat'in this \""  blabber t'her mates """
having a wonderful day  started out with great company    an awesome speech by dov siporin    a little graveyard walking    a great soccer game    photoediting    and then a football game   life is good!!!
"dear lord, as i go into the world today, help me show your light to all, and to be a blessing to everyone i meet  amen!"
"and behold, i tell you these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your god  mosiah 2:17"
i just love the smell when you walk under the <propfemale> trees on a nice warm spring day!
don't try to wipe the smudges off of me  they are the fingerprints of god molding me into the person he wants me to be!
"praise the lord for each day he has given  whether good or bad, it is all part of his plan!"
"if i were to do unto others as others do unto me, how much jail time is that?"
one more event for this busy saturday and then home  not sure if it will be bed or computer when i get home????
lots of editing to do  hopefully i am not so far behind that i forget the really great photos i have taken  hahahah!
"had a great time at the walk ms event yesterday  took team photographs of all the large groups and then some  i also found out that it is much easier to work with an assistant, thank you maddy for helping out! pictures should be posted today!  also a big thank you to all the walkers who helped raise the money and to make the event so fun  i am definately looking forward to it next year "
"if you are reading this, then you obviously care about what i have to say!   you like me, don't deny it!!!  playful "
"   has been know to cause dizziness, confusion, temporary insanity, mood swings, disorientation and sometimes the giggles   please use with caution!!!"
just got back from an awesome e playful erience  i got to participate in a drum circle  it is awesome how 10+ people can make music  will definately have to go again   laugh 
have you ever had one of those moments where time slows down and you can watch the last straw slowly settle onto the camels back?  well i am having one of those moments right now    aaaarrrggghhhhh!
"i don't remember buying a ticket for the crazy train, but i am enjoying the ride none the less   wink    woooo woooooooooo"
"and all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive   <propfirst> 21:22"
"happy cinco de mayo      <propfemale> mas cerveza\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=taeszyok3nc&playnext_from=tl&videos=yqkssrz1l-s&feature=rec-lgout-e playful _rev-rn-1r-6-hm"
"teach me thy way, o lord; i will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear thy name  i will praise thee, o lord my god, with all my heart: and i will glorify thy name for evermore  psalms 86: 11-12"
the difference between knowledge and wisdom is that knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit and wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad 
"and be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as god for christ’s sake hath forgiven you \\ephesians 4 smile 2"
"my brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations; knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh <propfemale>   <propfirst> 1: 2-3"
"if life is like a box of chocolates, how come i end up with all the nutty ones???"
planning on a small photowalk with <propfirst> frye on sunday afternoon  plannin on going to prometory point after 4 smile 0 and staying till way after dark    anyone welcome to tag along  might be some bad weather and lots of walking   laugh 
what is up with this utah weather??? seriously??? snow at the end of may???
"   wonders how bad he has to act to be placed in \time out\"" ????"""
"warning! to those of you who have nut allergies, stay away from me since i was born from a family full of nuts "
be devoted to one another in brotherly love  honor one another above yourselves   romans 12:10
"it has taken me a long time to loose my mind, what makes you think i want a piece of yours???"
"ok, i guess it is time to get some pretty flowers up off my computer  who is ready to see some pretty flowers???"
"\can i shoot you with my canon?\""   laugh """
"to sushi or not to sushi, that is the question for today "
is it friday yet?!?
"does camping out in the backyard, complete with fire pit and bbq count as a weekend getaway?!?"
"who remembers as a child, talking into the fan to hear your \robot\"" voice?   wink """
"?ooo ee oo oo aahh ahhh, ting tang walla bang bang?\\? i told the witchdoctor i was in love with you?"
the kids have decided to roast hot tamales  they just informed me it is like crystalized melted sugar   well duh!
i have just figured out the secret to a long life         keep breathing!!!
getting ready to watch ironman 2 and robinhood  got to love the drive in   smile 
"true heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic  it is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost  \~\<propfirst> ashe~"
just got back from a spur of the moment hike  a 3 hour hike up to the halfway point of malin's peak  not sure what i was thinking 
i think today would be a great day to lay on the floor and color  anyone care to join me?!?
photographers are people too! have you hugged a photographer today?!?
your talents are a gift from god  how you use them is your gift back to god!
"two photowalks planned for this weekend  \\friday night about an hour before dark at the stansbury islandsunday about 1 at the 29th street trail head  hike to waterfall canyon  (old guys hiking so will be going at a slow pace   wink   )"
woo hoo  maddy graduates from 6th grade today  way to go sweetie!!!
   wonders why off bug spray makes your lips numb?!?
wish me luck   <propmale> computer overhaul tonight   laugh 
"had a blast at the great salt lake last night  we were at one area and i look down and see a fishing spinner     i could just picture a couple of guys sitting there, sharing the dentures, eating chew and drinking beer in lawn chairs and wondering why the fish weren't biting?  things that make you go    hmmmm!!! that is my new profile pic  hahahaha"
i know i shouldnt    but you know i will   laugh 
"be careful following the masses!  remove the \m\"" and who are you really following?"""
"greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends   <propfirst> 15:13  \\i am thankful for the love that jesus had for all of us "
i got a high tolerance for a lot of stuff  bs is not one of them   wink 
people that don't know me think i'm quiet   people that are my friends think im a little out-going  people that are my best friends think i'm down right insane!
"uh oh, this can't be good      the voices in my head are giving me the silent treatment!"
no lightning last night  but some awesome photos none the less  stansbury island is an awesome place  thanks <propfirst> and <propfirst>  no for more shooting today     all day long   laugh 
just got back from american fork canyon road going over to midway  lots of amazing shots taken today  everything is wet and green  i have been water soaked all weekend  i will be suprised if i dont catch a cold from it 
*system error*  hit any user to continue!
"some people wonder about a glass half full or half empty    me, i fill what is empty, empty what is full and scratch where it itches "
"going to try and hike to waterfall canyon tonight and make it before the sunset  then after that, i will be running down the mountain in the dark  woo hoo!"
awesome hike last night  2 hours to get up the mountain  got to the top in plenty of time for the beautiful sunset  thunder bumpers rolled in but was not able to get a lightning shot  maybe next time  headed down the mountain about 9:45 and above mentioned thunder bumbers decided to follow me down the mountain  got to my car around 10 smile 0  nothing like rain and lightning to motivate someone to walk a little faster 
"somewhere there's someone who dreams of your smile, and finds in your presence that life is worthwhile  so when you're lonely remember it's true: somebody somewhere is thinking of you "
   is going to the wilderness to sing hakuna matata!
"got back from an awesome photoshoot tonight  nothing like having 4 photographers all at one place  2 modelling, 2 shooting "
i do not suffer from insanity    i embrace it and enjoy every minute of it!
"wow, i just witnessed some awesome talent, including a 10 year old drawing <propmale> and hobbes  i just might have to go back tomorrow to see the finished work "
so i just suggest the kids stick their heads out the window and open their mouths and see how many bugs they can capture      and they did 
wow  just taught the kids how to play croquet  now enjoying root beer floats 
   is thinking      and that is where the trouble starts 
anything is possible with the right attitude and a sledgehammer!
realized yesterday what an amazing place a hospital really is  i could sit in the lobby for hours and people watch  the wide arrange of emotions that pass through the front doors is amazing    not too mention the variety of people also    wow
doesanyoneknowwhatthebigkeyonthekeyboarddoes?
   likes the new flickr <propfemale> layout  bigger photos    easily view on black    better download protections  definately will be playing around to get to know all the ins and outs 
i feel so unboyscoutish    no tripod   no bugspray   no water  i think i will be itching for weeks but the shots from the <propfemale> are awesome!
"ok, i have a tickle in my throat this morning    i wonder if it is because of all the bugs i ate last night   playful   eeewwwwww  i think i beat the kids' bug eating competition    bleecckkkk!!!"
"just got back from a great night of shooting  was shown some amazing abandoned things out at the great salt lake    little valley harbor boat yard, 3 tug boats and many other things  unfortunately the clouds did not cooperate with the sunset or the full <propfemale> or the eclipse  next time  now to get the layers of sweat and dust and off scrubbed from this tired boy "
is looking forward to the engagement shoot i have tonight  congratulations to <propfirst> and <propmale>! woo hooo 
i just realized that my clear conscience might be a sign of a poor memory!
"preview of last nights photoshoot coming soon     <propmale> and <propfirst> are like 2 little kids in a <propfemale> store  \\hahahaha"
"?it's like i caught some crazy, happy disease?\?damn, it feels good to be me ?"
i'm not feeling myself today     maybe i should feel someone else?
have you ever noticed that having a phone conversation with someone who has small children is like talking to someone with tourettes?
   is questioning his sanity  is anything worth getting up at 3 a m  for?
   sanity checked  it was definately worth getting up for!  awesome shots!
"yesterday was a blast    woke up at 3 a m , drove for 2 hours just to see a bunch of bags filled with hot air (no, not a nursing home)  ran errands  did research  went to the great salt lake  hiked across half of tatooine  walked into the la brea tar pits  started a fire  put out said fire  walked <propmale> in the dark  laid on a bed of salt  did i miss anything?  all in all an adventurous 24 hour day   laugh "
weather forecast for tonight       dark!
is having a difficult time getting into an editing mood   sad 
"love all that you can, give all that you have, smile away your days and dream away your nights "
anyone interested in an impromptu photowalk to red butte gardens this afternoon?
thinks it is time to create a new line of lingerie       bubble wrap lingerie!
"my mom says i am special, but i have to keep telling her my name is <propfirst> and not <propmale>!"
"it is said that \revenge is sweet\""  and that revenge is a \""dish best served cold\""  i am convinced that revenge is ice cream!"""
you smile at me because i smile at you  i smile at you because i just farted   playful 
"having a nikon does not make you a photographer, it just makes you a nikon owner   hahaha"
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted "
what an awesome day yesterday  awesome shoot at the great salt lake   amazing models and awesome photographers  also landed an awesome long term photography job   thanks <propmale> and <propfirst>! now a day spent in front of the computer editing  turn up the music and annoy the neighbors   laugh 
"hahaha, just spent the last few minutes trying to get a spot of a photo    just to realize, the spot was on my monitor     \\hahahaha"
~~out of service~~
"always be happy and wear a smile   not because life is full of reasons to smile, but because your smile itself is a reason for others to smile!"
"another reminder  photowalk, stansbury island this friday night  sunset, light painting and what every else comes our way "
i'm giving up my naughty ways     for naughtier ones!
"<propfemale> is definately one who makes her rounds    so my suggestion is to live your life that when <propfemale> comes back around, you can enjoy the visit and laugh instead of fretting over it, getting slapped around and knocked on your butt "
had a blast today and i was able to learn alot just from observing  will definately help <propmale> legg out on more shoots when needed 
just got back from shooting the fire that was happening just west of ogden  photos to follow 
fact: women are meant to be loved    not understood!
"being single isn't all that bad  you eat when you want    sleep when you want    go where you want when you want  what more could you want?!?  oh, yeah   that!"
the reason that the grass is greener on the other side is because there is more manure     step carefully!!!
yeah! sold the <propfirst>!  now on the hunt for a suv!
anyone interested in going to the ogden raptors baseball game tomorrow night? i have lots of general admission tickets 
woooo hoooo  thanks <propmale> for the ride  my new suv is sitting in my driveway! too bad i now have to wait until monday to drive it around   sad 
"14 years ago today, my life changed dramatically  i held my baby boy for the first time in my arms  such a bundle of innocence  over the years he has shown me such a wide range of emotions, some of them at the same time  nothing like feeling pride, humor and utter worry all at the same time  he is turning out to be quite the young man  ladies beware, he will break a few hearts  \happy birthday kyle\love ya bunches "
is enjoying a house full  a long time friend and his 2 daughters are enjoying their stay in my messy home!
"ok, sunflower seeds gone!  mountain dew gone! that must be a sign to get my butt to bed "
"cool, a fun filled week ahead  waterhole today, lagoon tomorrow, camping on tuesday  guess i will get to test the 4x4 this week   laugh "
had a great time today  went to the bear river bird refuge and then hopped on over to the spiral jetty 
great! now the voices in my head have started saying press 1 if you want to hear this message in english!
ok   this chicken just road the colossus and the wicked  holy crap! what a rush!!!!!!
"ok, this chicken just road the colosuss and the wicked for the first time    what a rush!!!!!!!!!"
i think i am going to start combining bags of skittles with bags of m&ms and then sell them     anyone want to buy some s&m's?
"rain, rain everywhere     i do believe i am soaked to the bone  what and awesome \adventure\""!!! life is never boring around me   laugh """
the ultimate irony    choking to death on a life saver!
"have you ever gone to the store and instantly your children start acting like chimpanzees taht have just escaped from the mountain dew research facility?    next time, join them   laugh "
"sunset beach tonight  everyone welcome  if your not a photographer, your more than welcome to come and get some pictures taken "
   is in his head and is wondering why it is <propfemale> messy in here?!?
one of the bad things about being single    it is always your turn to do dishes!!!
a touch of madness makes perfection!
"guess i need to recalculate my shooting to editing ratio  hahaha, i have about 36 photos of \people i know   shoot\"" to get through  that is not including all the other fun events   laugh   i guess that is what winter is for?!?!?"""
photography    where a head shot is not as bad as it sounds!
had an awesome night  good food  amazing company and breathtaking views   smile 
"oh, fb is awesome  i just got this message in a pm: \your message wasn't sent because you're not online \""\",430e619dfcd7dba0b31d60d7aec5192e,"   was planning on taking over the world today, but i couldnt find enough pencils, duct tape, a big enough ball of yarn and the vending machine ate my last dollar!"
i believe i am anti-electronic this week  simple computer problems turn into <propmale> overhauls  difficulties installing programs  and now my phone doesnt work  maybe i should not touch my camera this weekend? hahahaha
any <propmale> i can get a tranquilizer gun to play safari with the kids???
"mondays, proudly brought to you by the same people who brought you 5 a m starts, that piece of hair in your scrambled eggs, country & western music & insomnia!!!"
sarcasm    just one of the many great services i provide!!!
"if life has you down and out, try licking a power line    you'll be reenergized in no time!"
i'm not sarcastic  my humor has attitude
i do believe my train of thought just derailed and killed the surrounding brain cells!!!
"had an awesome day yesterday! photoshoot for chingsanctuary org turned out some awesome shots  by the end of the day, turned into a zombie and got to shuffle around the dance floor with an amazing fellow zombie  now time to load up on caffeine and get some of these photos off my camera!!!  mountain dew, here i come   laugh "
"don't piss me off, or i'll stop taking my meds  you don't want that do you?"
well hot damn!! i survived monday and i didn't kill anyone! bring on tuesday!
the trouble with trouble is it usually starts out as fun!!!  laugh 
honestly  tell me the truth  does this status make my butt look big??
   has gone insane  will return on tuesday!!!
   is up and out of bed and ready to wreck havoc on the world!!!
they say the grass is greener on the other side   that's such b s  cause when i flipped it over all i saw was dirt 
   is an unlicensed trouble maker!!!
i have finally got my butt in gear    too bad it is in reverse!  :-}
i need your prayers today and the next few days  a good friend of mine has a son that has gone into a comma  please direct your prayers to the coffey family!
sending out another prayer request    a special friend of mine is going into surgery monday morning   thanks  laugh 
"have you ever wondered if \slow children at play\"" grow up to be \""slow men at work\""?"""
the reasons i get up in the morning   %90 to wreck havoc on the world    %10 to pee!
does anyone know if i can add the voices in my head as dependants?!?!?
"i am so outta here  if i get lost, please dont send anyone to look for me   wink "
"i voted for an actress&#039;s a-frame remodel-in-progress in the cb2 the selby is in your place contest  check it out!\http annoyed  www theselbycontest com entry 83135?=f14n0"
"in life, when you hit the end of the road   kick it into four wheel drive!!!"
percussive maintenance is the fine <propmale> of whacking the crap out of an electronic device to get it working again 
my favorite number in the alphabet is     yellow!!!
"we, the unwilling, lead by the unknowing, do the impossible, for the benefit of the ungreatful!!!"
"if you want others to be happy, practice compassion  if you want to be happy, practice sarcasm!!!   laugh "
it's nice to have someone in ones life that can make you smile     even when they are not around 
"some people do not like stupid people  me, i say  job security!!!"
    is vertical and above ground!!! it is a good day!
i figured out the secret to long life     keep breathing!!!
"awesome turn out for the ogden camera club fall photoworkshop  had a blast sharing my knowledge and helping out  \now to get my job finished before the next photowalk tonight in slc  a sunset photowalk   laugh "
loves days that almost last 24 hours long       not!!!   x(
it doesnt matter how other see you    it only matters how you see yourself!
"through god, everything works out in the end  if it hasnt worked out yet, then it is not the end!"
may god give you eyes to see beauty only the heart can understand 
"most people have \rip\"" written on their head stones     i am going to have \""brb\"" placed on mine!"""
"whenever you feel weak, remember those who make you strong and whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those who believe in you  "
da na na na na na na na       batman! >:-}
is it me or has anyone else noticed that buffalo wings taste like chicken?
does any photographers in the salt lake area have any shooting location suggestions for around 90th south they would like to share?
can's open     worms everywhere!!!   laugh 
"no witnesses, no regrets!!!"
will be using the all knowing magic 8 ball to make all decisions today!
is wondering if the impossible is really possible considering the statistical probability of functional forces when directly proportionate to the impossible 
has a firm grip on reality *~* and is slowly choking the crap out of it!
wishes he had more bubble wrap!
what do you do when you cant get the thought of someone out of your head?
how fast does a zebra have to run to look grey?
"whatever i did, i didnt do it!!!"
   did it accidentally on purpose by mistake!!!
there's snow in them thar hills!
   is going crazy today  why did i decide to stay in today and not go anywhere???
is working on photographs that are older than he is  pretty soon i am going to be looking at real life and wondering how i can adjust the rgb balance   :-s
oh sooo many forks in the road ahead of me     sad 
did you know that death is the number 1 killer in the world?
"there are two things that are the same in any language or culture    one is a smile    everyone knows what a smile is   i do believe the second is the pee pee dance  \\ playful "
someone need to invent off bug spray that doesnt taste awful    yuck!!!
i am not sarcastic    i am just funny with a twist of lemon!!!
todays wedding was awesome    and definately one for the record books  i think i will have to create a bnw photo album just because it truly was a black-white wedding  congrats to <propmale> and <propfirst> white!
armed with film this morning   smile 
"lives on the corner of funny street and silly road, in crazy town which is in psycho valley, in a twisted state of mind!"
"anything is possible with the right attitude              \                                 \and a sledgehammer "
seriously?!?!?!? how many bones are going to surface all at once?
"since there is a speed of light and a speed of sound, is there a speed of smell?"
"is anyone interested in a slightly used child? as is, no warranty, great condition  almost knows everything  only 6000 <propmale>, fully \loaded\"" with automatic eye rolling!"""
"zip-a-dee-doo-dah! zip-a-dee-ay! my, oh my, what a wonderful day? plenty of sunshine heading my way  zip-a-dee-doo-dah! zip-a-dee-ay!"
how much do you think i can get for my mother on ebay?!?!?
"loves the change in seasons  it is the perfect time to walk around and listen to the mating call of acutecoryza  the distinct sound of *hack* *hack* *cough* *cough* *aaachhoooo!*  i do believe the strongest mating grounds are at hospitals and schools  lucky <propfemale>, i work at a hospital school   laugh "
"so, if tomatoes are a fruit, does that mean that ketchup is a smoothie?"
"prayer request today!!! it has been a rough week    sad   i have several friends that are in need of your prayers  i ask that you send your prayers their way for strength (emotional, spiritual & physical), comfort, compassion, healing miracles, guidance, discernment, etc  \\my prayers and thoughts are with all of you "
"special needs kids want what we all want: to be accepted  is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way "
"have you ever met someone who reminds you of a slinky?\\pretty much worthless, but quite entertaining to watch when you push them down the stairs?"
"i need to take a look at my kids birth certificates   because i think i misread the \birthplace\"" location  it obviously says barn!"""
i believe i just figured out the secret of happiness     a good sense of humor and a bad memory   laugh 
"look at your status, now back to mine, now back to yours, now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down, back up  where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like  i'm on a computer "
"i'll never be a good example, so i might as well be an extreme warning!!!"
you don't need to learn algebra unless you wanna grown up to be a pirate  cause only pirates have to find the x!
"ok, big party at my house  everyone is invited!!!\directions:  you take a left on crazy street, you keep going until you hit insane <propfirst>, then follow that down to cuckoo circle  there you will find my place   the bat cave!!!"
"honor and remember those who have served and are still serving  pray for them and their loved ones  they fight so we can have a safe and better tomorrow \\freedom is not free  do you enjoy your freedom?    thank a veteran "
"who here has played hide and seek with their children and \forgotten\"" to go find them?   laugh """
"is clapping his hands because he's happy and he knows it, and he really wants to show it!"
"<==== look i am published, there is my name!!!!  laugh "
"yeah, computers and network and internet is set up   laugh "
"for those of you who think anything is possible, i am about to burst your bubble    \\i tried to nail jello to a tree     yeah, can you guess the outcome of that?"
is loving editing in lr3  i wonder why it took me so long to just sit down and play with it 
"i'm not a bad influence, i am just a good influence of the wrong kind!"
thanksgiving - family dysfunction at its finest 
this is a status update test  this is only a test  if this had been an actual status update you would feel entertained or perhaps lightly amused *beep* this has been a test of the dennison facebook <propfemale>  thank you!
~warning~ i will more than likely offend you at some point in time!!!
   never lick a cactus  it is not as fun as it seems 
my family tree is a rare one  it produces both fruit and nuts 
"the voices in my head are now telling me to \press 1 for english\""! that must not be a good sign """
"facebook is like the fridge  you keep checking on it every 10 minutes, but there really isn't anything new for you to look at "
is smiling because the voices in my head are whispering ~*~ and it tickles!!!
has dwarf ears and an elephant snout   
i really shouldn't leave my facebook profile open so just anyone can post things to my wall 
"so, i have full control of this profile    what should i change the profile pic to? taking suggestions for a few minutes   "
what can i do to further the damage???
"ooh!! ooh!  i should change the password and log out!! hehehe    that would be evil!!!    well, i'd have to log out of every other computer that has facebook open for that to work    nevermind "
"ok, well, i'm done causing trouble    time to check my own profile  playful "
i dont have children     i have miniature walking tornadoes!!!
"to all the service men and women who have fought and died, fought and lived, or are still fighting i'd like to say something  \\thank you!!!"
did we ever find out who let the dogs out?
"in the great words of <propmale> <propmale>, \never kick a fresh turd on a hot day\"" """
if you think what i say is funny   you should really hear my thoughts!
has a full cup of mountain dew and is about ready to go all spider monkey on his pile of editing    stand back!!!
if my washer and dryer can manage to turn everyone of my clothes inside out     why cant they manage to fold them too?
"everyone brings us happiness, some as they arrive and others as they leave!!!"
   is not available in some areas and may be to intense for some veiwers  parental discretion is advised 
i am going outside and having a talk with old man winter and kicking <propfirst> frost in the snowballs!
"for sale!\\one used alarm clock  darn thing keeps ringing while i am trying to sleep!!!"
"ok  i want a light cycle, version 2 0    smile "
"whos bright idea was it to give a delusional, feverish man access to the interner? oh yeah that would be me "
"whos bright idea was it to give a delusional, feverish man access to the internet    oh yeah, me"
"ok, this is what christmas is about  <propmale> is a truly gifted and talented individual and for hime to be so highly thought of by people around the valley \\good job to the <propfirst> day trio and to sidewinder media"
"\the mind is the only weapon that doesnt need a holster\"" <propfirst> blart """
"life is sometimes never fair, but the times that is never fair you learn the most  live your life with no regrets only memories of the lessons you learned"
i believe that a good day raising boys is one where you can go to bed rejoicing that nothing was either broken or invented that required a trip to the er!
as a young child my mom told me i could be anybody i wanted to be  turns out the police call it identity theft 
"my good advice for you today is this     don't die, it isnt good for your health!!!!"
"is anyone else getting the white screen of death?  oh wait, that is just my windhield "
to bad one of my multiple personalities isn't a therapist  then i could find out what's wrong with me 
"if you can't laugh at yourself     well don't worry, i have you covered!!!  hahahaha!"
would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really was all fun and games up to that point?
"warning!!! i am fighting the urge to open my stapler and hit people in the forehead with it!  ka-chunk, ka-chunk!"
"beautiful fog the last 2 days  this morning, nothin  oh well, lets see what is happenin at the bear river bird refuge   smile "
i love being a photographer  most people have to go out and look for the perfect frame for that perfect photograph 
i'm not insane!!! i am voluntarily indifferent to conventional rationality   smile 
"its so cold outside i saw a few gangsters walking around with their pants pulled up \\(thanks <propfemale>, too funny not to share  )"
note to vegetarians     my food poops on your food!!!  mmmm enjoy that salad  =p
is going to start a club of common sense  many will apply   few will be allowed to join!!!
"is anxious to see how the imaging depot does on the prints that i dropped off tonight  4 8x10s, 1 11x14, 2 of them done on <propfemale> metallic and 2 mounted on board  we will see how they turn out    laugh "
"welcome to my status    todays specials are sleep deprived, low tolerance for ignorance and dreams of the weekend  our choice of sides are humor or sarcasm  the dessert of the days is a slice of insanity      dont forget to tip your waiter waitress    have a great day!"
"warning! facebook is at it again with their privacy violations   facebook automatically scans your brain throught the monitor for your thoughts  in order to block this new threat you must do the following: wrap aluminum foil around your head, stay calm and breath through your left nostril and whistle every fourth breath "
wonders what would happen if i went into seaworld carrying a fishing pole?
"i have heard of a computer taking off, revving up  hissing, hmmmmin,     today is the first day that i was told that someone's computer was mooing!!!!!"
wouldnt it be awesome if ctrl+alt+del worked on stupid people???
"<propfirst> nash, you need to meet me at the bountiful <propfemale> one night for a sunset  need to be just a little higher   smile "
had a great time at the the fifth tonight  the lovely bonneville bombers did a great job 
"hahahaha  \i'm not fat    i'm pooofy!\"""""
had a great birthday  lots of photography and family and friends  love all the birthday wishes and thanks to all of you  it really made my day  only one thing could have made it better    maybe next year!!!
"there are 2 words that will open a lot of doors for people in their lives         \\push and pull"
"i have the body and physique of a god    \\buddha !!!"
for sale!!! one used alarm clock    darn thing keeps ringing while i am trying to sleep!!!
mmmmm!!! meat on meat with a side of meat   enjoying me a phillyburger from the pointe bistro    laugh 
is in desperate need of some ice cream   sad 
"i have a feeling today is going to be a \just smile and nod\"" kind of day!!!"""
a time old question:  why did the weasel pop?!?
"when i was younger, i used to make funny faces at the mirror  now that i am older, the mirror is returning the favor "
i need some input and opinions  i am looking to get some new glass this year  what are your opinions of sigma lenses vs canon lenses? i am thinking about a 200mm 2 8 and or a longer  400mm or 500mm lens  do you have any e playful eriences of the differences?
has the mischevious urge to go to kfc and open a huge bag of feathers and then watch what everyone does     interesting photos?!?!? i think so!!!
sorry <propfemale> sims and bonneville bombers  had to take a little break tonight and decided to play with a little hdr processing  will get back on track tomorrow with your photos   wink 
do you ever wonder if the idea of laptops came from the etch-a-sketch?!?!?!?
"there is an old saying that \one should stay away from bad influences!\"" my problem is how do i stay away from myself?!?!?!?"""
"every once in a while you just need to stop what your doing, look up and smile     for your satellite photo!!!"
i think i am in shock   
my advice to all of you    live your dreams     except the one where you can fly  that one never ends well 
true friends know how stupid you are    they have e playful erienced it first hand    and are still ok to be seen with you in public!!!
<propfemale> sanders reynolds is in need of some models for a swimwear shoot  this is a non paying job but she will provide you with photos for you to add to your portfolio 
what a beautiful day  it has been perfect to drive around with the sun roof open  55 degrees is perfect for a year round temp 
"women's ass size study: there is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses  the results were pretty interesting  30% of women think their ass is too fat  10% of women think their ass is too skinny  the remaining 60% say they don't care, they love him, he's a good man and they wouldn't trade him for the world  i know   you're laughing!! feel free to repost this if you ? your ass"
things the government keeps from you: people spontaneously combust all the time  thats is why there are so many shoes hanging from power lines!!!
"i think it is time to become the next millionaire     i am going to start by buying one ice cream truck, drive around and sell margaritas and daiquirs to adults  i figure by the end of the year, i will have a chain across <propfemale>  the question for you is what music should the trucks play?"
"seriously, what are we coming too?!?!? just watched a person step back and walk towards and automatic door 3 times to get it to open  have we forgotten how turn the handle and open the door manually?"
"have you ever wondered why a camera lens is circullar, but a picture is rectangle?  maybe we should start cropping our pics to be round?"
who needs weight watchers      i have photoshop!!!
statistics show that 3 out of 5 people     are not the other 2 
anyone interested in a photowalk on monday?
have you heard???
"what an awesome event last night     but the best is when on the way home, your daughter informs you that it is cool to watch her dad helping everyone and to hear all the great remarks made by the other photographers    laugh "
going to antelope island tomorrow  will meet on the causeway at 10 
you know that heat makes things e playful and! so i am not fat    just extremely hot!!!  wink 
birthdays can't be all that bad   research clearly shows that people who have more birthdays live longer!
"hey, don't blame me  you should have read the fine print before you friended me    playful "
"ok, i need some honest opinions     is polywography a professional sounding name for a photography business??? would you hire a business called polywography?"
i wonder how long 4 tb of storage space will last me?
interesting layout and snacks at the theatre today  grape vault and real kettle corn  and suicide slushi   yummy
"according to webmd, my symptoms mean i died 3 years ago"
"<propfirst> <propmale> jingleheimer schmidt      yeah, you have it stuck now, you're welcome!"
the early bird may get the worm    but it is the second mouse that gets the cheese    and i do believe i like cheese more than worms   wink 
i think spring is here     potholes and orange barrels are sprouting everywhere!!!
looks like i will be helping start a camera club where i work   laugh 
there are two types of people in the world  those with common sense and those who have to pee on the electric fence for themselves 
"<propmale> campbell, you stink     playful \\i am currently getting high off the fumes of icy hot!!!!"
this <propfemale> is kicking my trash!!!!
"thanks to <propfirst> stringham, cyndee <propmale>, <propfirst> d young, ninja-jakk nielsen, <propfemale> casper, <propfirst> slater, <propfemale> mayfield, <propfirst> barlow and everyone else for coming out to support me  <propfemale> got honorable mention and i placed first in the people category  i think my daughter was way suprised "
loving the new radiopoppers  they work like a dream  it makes it easy to be able to control your lights from the camera 
life is so much funnier when you have a dirty mind!!!
it is going to be busy today  power is out at the hospitals  wonder how many power supplies just got fried   sad 
a <propfemale> for your thoughts    a <propmale> if it is dirty!!!
"so if guns kill people, does that mean that spoons make people fat?"
thursday thoughts:  why dont you ever see squirrels poop?
wow     i just found out that my life is based on a true story!!!
had an awesome afternoon shooting a ninja and jedi     ninja-jakk nielsen has her hands full with a cute little padawan   laugh 
gone insane    be back tuesday!!!
sometimes i am even afraid of what my mind comes up with!!!
"thank you <propfemale> <propfirst> for sharing this   \\\i've watched countless photographers waste countless hours trying to prove themselves to others rather than spending those same hours improving their technique and sharpening their eye… you get better a lot faster by focusing on improving rather than proving  you learn far more by sharing than by hoarding \"" ~ <propmale> jones"""
photography is about seeing all the little things in life and showing others 
here is some fun for your st <propfirst>'s day:  try saying - <propfemale> wristwatch!!!
does green wasabi count as st <propfirst>'s day food?  smile 
"had a wonderful day surrounded by body parts     mmmmm, mmmmmm fun   laugh "
conserve energy!!!  how would you feel if someone turned you on and then left?
getting ready to go shoot the bombers at the fifth in bountiful   laugh 
"hahaha, formatting 4 tb takes a looong time!!!  laugh "
"i'm old enought to know better, but young enough to do it anyway and smart enough not to get caught!!!"
finding a needle in a haystack is easy      just set the hay on fire!!!!
definately a phillyburger kind of day!!!
do you ever have a shot that floats around your mind? it is there for so long that you know just about every detail of it even before you shoot it? i have had one in my head for almost 2 years now    i think i got it!!!!!!!!!
"just another day in paradise, minus the paradise!!!"
i totally know the difference between right and wrong  wrong is the fun one!!!
"you ask   do i work? uh yes, i work 24 hours a day  why? because i am a mom, i am an alarm clock, a cook, a maid, a teacher, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a security officer, a photographer, a counselor, a chauffeur, an atm, a jungle gym & a comforter  i don't get holidays, sick pay or days off  i work through the    day & night        i am on call at all hours  re-post if you are a proud mother  ??"
"is kung fu fighting, fast as lightning!!!   \\hahahaha, you will be singing that all day now   playful "
"my son: \i am eating air\""  \""zero calories!\"""""
looking forward to todays wedding!!! congrats <propfemale> bartko!!!
"what an awesome day  shot a lovely wedding at red butte, picked up pizza and then had a blast playing games  my belly hurts from laughing so much!!!"
woke up with the biggest smile on my face this morning!!! those darn kids and their markers 
"? when the day hits your eye like a big ol' cow pie, that's a monday!?"
i would think that mother nature is old enough to have hit menopause right now!!! where are the hot flashes?!?!?
woo hooooo!!! irock   playful 
"i'm an angel! yes, horns hold up my halo  but that just means i'm a horny lil angel!  wink "
head is filling up with images of greek gods and goddesses  curse you <propfirst> slater for your infernal ways     i wonder if i can turn nemesis on him?
and the lord sayeth onto thee   thou shall not choke belligerent customers or smacketh dumb coworkers upside the head  amen
"had a full house last night  had a blast!!! games, laughing, annoying, loud, quirky, and just plain funny looking!!!  laugh "
do not worry about what others think!  they do it so little that it doesnt matter!!!
