acdf7fc2ebc23b266b63b8c8cb1f127e
"thank you, everyone, for sending warmth and kind words  i wish the same for you all   smile  btw, i did have a pretty good birthday this year  yay! i'm 22!"
i saw something today that broke my heart 
i applied for school yesterday  smile 
"man, i'm addicted to this game"
i found my cellphone charger!!!! finally!!!!! woohoo!
just moved back in with my parents          again   
"does anyone know of a program like mediamonkey for use with ipod nano (and windows 7) but one that works for video? i got a movie file to play on my ipod but it was just the sound and for some reason it's listed as a song instead of video  god, i hate apple!"
hangin around the house   
"hmmm, what's on my mind? hair on my head    food on the way     then off to retrieve what was lost "
"looking to e playful and my music library \i always enjoy suggestions of things to check out    "
"i refuse to be \procrati-santa\"" this year  i have officially finished my shopping     now just to wrap it all """
stayed up all night chatting with an old friend  smile   me is very happy
"also, i am hunting for a cheap travel package that doesn't cost an arm and a leg  you know, flight+hotel+car  i honestly think i've destroyed my brain trying to compare like 14 different booking sites  i've tried e playful edia, travelocity, orbitz, hotels com, tripadvisor, kayak, hotwire, cheapoair and more i just dont remember right now  any tips would be awesome  at least i'm planning like a month in advance, yay go me!"
i had a lot of fun out dancing last night!
can you believe that rihannas sm video is banned in 11 countries?
found a site called shuttercal and it's a 365 photo-a-day journal thing and the best part is if you miss a day you can go back and add one in later
getting ready for katsu-con! soon to be pictures abound! yay!!
stupid webcam stopped working    green screen o' doom!
*sings* it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
    hair is 90-95% blue    roots are still stubbornly red
the updates are as follows: i now have blue hair   
my 23rd b-day is tomorrow woohoo!
"\poke your grandma!\"""""
ever stop sometimes and wonder what happened to the people you've left behind in life?
foot still hurts   getting sick too 
finally home relaxing- foot mostly better and still fighting sniffles but the nose thing might be allergies being spring and all    
thanks to <propfirst> karuna-vetter for sending me europa seahorse  i really like it! http annoyed  bit ly jbndmz
did everyone just forget about all that 2012 stuff?
