f83b5a27ff6efb634e4a3180690663a8
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family, then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve     because great men are few and far between, and i have one! --my husband is wonderful and patient, praise god "
hoping that this coming week turns out better than this weekend   we could use some cheering up around our house!
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name, all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart      repost if you have a loved one in heaven ? always         love you and miss you every day !!!"
"for my savior, jesus christ, a new facebook challenge     i am out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed! thank you jesus!"
not up to much    just living each day as best i can! http annoyed  chatter com a 4zxl7?ref=nf
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, you're slightly mental at times, you can't keep a secret, your house is a mess, or your family is filled with crazies     they love you for who you are  a true friend can go along periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are lucky en   ough to have at least one     true friend     thank god i do smile "
thank you for the birthday wishes from all of you!!  they are greatly appreciated!!!
"sitting at home, watching the world go by    and as for now    lotsa snow watching! http annoyed  yearbook com a ui8yt?ref=nf"
"husband & wife week: if you have a mate who is your best friend, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you even when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the date you were married  july 24, 2004"
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, no matter how long it's been, how far away, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy    but you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends  they will know who they are!!"
