19f3c57b5eeca99bf61bc2afe5c7b909
"read one right after the other  <propfirst> hanson: \    it is hard to find reliable cheap indicators saying when contrarians are more likely to be right \"" <propmale> mann: \""correlations between people who criticize a thing and people who misunderstand a thing are necessarily more instructive than they realize \"" i love it when disparate bits find me """
that rpg looked oddly like a telephoto lens  rt @slate: video shows apache helicopter firing on an iraqi market  http annoyed  bit ly buctw4
"apple underpriced ipads on launch  clarendon sold out twice in 4 days (16 gb)  and while it may not rest on fact, i do feel better than you "
"how cool is @getcloudapp? replaces tinygrab, is gd, bit ly, twitter clients, and dropzone for most purposes  best tool for sharing stuff "
"<propmale> really made some interesting points about free content and rights  you can give it away, but you still own it  http annoyed  cl ly doq"
there's a paper about platform economics in this  anyone want to help me write it? http annoyed  cl ly c4f
"these miners must not be aware of the danger, or they suffer memory loss  quick, someone regulate them!-more at http annoyed  n pr 125810107"
"great thread at overcoming bias  yes, it's about signaling  http annoyed  cl ly gbs (via @elidourado)"
"the difference between legality and decency: whether or not tweets are copyrightable, asking permission is good manners  http annoyed  cl ly gae"
"ipad arbitrage  we should have done this to clarendon via fair oaks  with 10% markup, we would have netted us $200  http annoyed  cl ly gky"
suppose pollution is the only cost paid for our wealth  do you think it's worth it? poor countries have less than 10% our carbon footprint 
"finally, we're japan! rt @slate: apple delays the ipad for the rest of the world because u s  demand is too high  http annoyed  slate me 9pyipi"
you want an open platform on the iphone? try the web  it's a platform  it's completely open  it has standards  http annoyed  cl ly l80 (via @afg85)
which is worse: regret over a missed opportunity or guilt over an indulgence?
"virus publishes net history, demands fee for removal  my guess? less crapware on pcs  incentives ftw! http annoyed  bit ly aylwsf (@drantbradley)"
what does it mean to say blacks are more likely to be poor than whites? http annoyed  cl ly v2y (@drantbradley)
bad journalism  i agree  but one point: abandoned property is not stolen property  phone was bricked and useless  http annoyed  cl ly 5zz #iphone
this illustrates a good point: remember that statistics for a whole group can differ wildly from subgroups  http annoyed  cl ly m7m
"i have a feeling apple won't improve syncing much (http annoyed  cl ly xia)  the respond to clamors for hardware, but will they for software?"
"i have a feeling apple won't improve syncing (http annoyed  cl ly xia)  they respond to users excited about hardware, but will they for software?"
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! many une playful ected calls and messages today, many une playful ected and generous gifts  thanks to all!"
immigration is not the next big federal issue  they're focused on financial regulation and #hcr lawsuits  az needs immigration in the court 
just got cockpit for <propmale> os x completely free  nothing paid! awesome! there is also a bundle! limited time only: http annoyed  www macbuzzer com
"looks good enough to coin a new word  \facebread \"" (see facepalm and facedesk) http annoyed  cl ly yon"""
i've been doing this for years  rt @rands: who needs new shaving cream? [totally rethink the shave ] http annoyed  j mp 8zuxei (@johnwilliams713)
"due to the seventh class action lawsuit i've ever been named in, i just got free power for last month from dominion <propfemale>  #antitrust"
"just got flickery, mainmenu for <propmale> os x added to my bundle for free  11 awesome <propmale> apps for an insane low price  http annoyed  www macbuzzer com"
our first date! http annoyed  is gd c296i
"pay what you want for five indie games, and even choose to send your entire payment to child's play <propfemale>  http annoyed  j mp 9wtdam"
why <propmale> jobs doesn't listen to customers (http annoyed  cl ly 12hm)  another reason? because he's focusing on the marginal rather than average 
"for those who haven't heard: my grandmother passed away on wednesday  she was my last surviving parent  regretfully, i'm putting off answering a lot of school-related e-mails and correspondence for a while  please be even more gracious than usual in allowing me time to respond "
dear social networks  stop changing your layout  it makes my brain hurt 
