62189ca8cac19c1fb1cec0433140d854
yet if hope has flown away in a night or in a day  in a vision or in none  is it therefore the less gone? all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream 
i can't sleep  ): dumb heat  at least i get to have fun in seattle tomorrow
i feel so out of everything now  this is the final straw  i'm done with it  family doesn't do this to other family 
dance cheered me up a little tonight  still kinda depressed but nothing that can't be fixed with sleep   
so today changed how i feel about myself  smile  i gained so much more confidence in myself and my passion for dance  i will always remember the words <propmale> <propfirst> said to me     love 
cast list for nutcracker tomorrow!! excited  laugh 
i'm so excited for nutcracker! i got my first senior lead!!!  smile 
dying my hair  smile  then going to the youth group bbq!
i cannot believe our teachers are on strike ):  this is really going to screw up everything i was looking forward to   
seriously    why does everyone come to me with their drama    i mean i love helping but sometimes i need help too 
wow hiking really tired me out today  playful  had an awesome time  nickleback concert tomorrow!!!! so excited  laugh 
going to take a shower  smile  youth group tonight  love  maybe some writing when i get home?
going to full force friday to support our teachers   they are willing to put it all on the line to make our education better!!  join us at the ksd building from 11a-1p friday (tomorrow)
tomorrow's agenda: 1) strike with the teachers  2) kl football game wanna join the strike? go to the ksd building between 11a-1p if you are going to the game let me know!  smile 
i am starting to believe that i am nocturnal  hoo hoo   
so today was epic  dance with <propfirst> and brooklyn owns haha 
listening to some alanis morrisette  smile 
i am scandaloso!!  wink 
i can't sleep again    anyone wanna do anything tomorrow?
luau! if you're looking for a hunk of fat and juicy meat  eat my <propmale> pumbaa here cause he is a treat  dine on some swineeeeeeeee  all you gotta do is stand in line  are you aching? for some bacon? he's a big pig  you can be a big pig too  oi!!!!!  laugh 
dance studio   working the desk until about 4 surprise 0  bring me food?  laugh 
turns 16 on monday!!! woot woot! text me? i am bored at home eating panda e playful ress  laugh 
at the studio for an ebt sleepover    i have a headache though  bummer  annoyed 
at the studio still  sooooooooo tired and sore from sleeping on the floor but i got a really good m a s h result  laugh 
"pretty much had an amazing birthday  smile  thanks for all of the \happy birthdays\"" i couldn't ask for better friends and family """
i'm ready for homecoming!  smile  so excited  sorry ebt girls but    we beat tahoma! mwahahahahaha!
"so stressed out  3 projects happening at the same time, time crunches, not well-rested, ugh!"
grandma <propfemale> finally passed  she is no longer in pain and in god's hands  r i p  thanks to those who are supporting me through this 
getting ready for today   it is going to be long and exhausting but it needs to be done for the sake of our family 
can't stop listening to gravity by <propfemale> bareilles    i think i want to choreograph a dance to it  i don't know 
coming back home today  and back to life tomorrow    i think things will start to go uphill from here 
flu? i'm thinking so    thank god there is no school tomorrow  i feel so exhausted and yucky ):
babysitting caitrin and coco  it is a good night  smile  it is weird how little kids can cheer me up so easily 
"set me free, leave me be  i don't want to fall another moment into your gravity  here i am and i stand so tall, just the way i'm supposed to be "
it's been kinda rough today  got my <propmale> hug and got paid for work but thoughts and dreams just keep coming back   
so much family drama going on    i mean come on it is only the day after thanksgiving  it is ridiculous  i just want my family to be happy together  please pray 
huskies are eating couger meat tonight whoop whoop! 30-0!!!!!!
it has only been two months since my family's loss and now another's life is in the doctor's hands tonight    please pray for my grandmother  she is very sick and i saw my grandpa cry for the first time in years    pray she will get through the night so that the doctor's can help her live  please   
"wow, i really need this break  come on i'm ready! <propfemale>'s party tomorrow night  excited to be with my friend  smile "
spending the night at my brother's house then babysitting the munchkins in the morning while <propfirst> and <propfemale> drive <propmale> to the airport 
"me- look he's sparkling(sarcasm)\mom- *squeals jumping up and down*\me- o o\\lmao, yeah we're watching eclipse on new year's, damn straight   smile "
so when i turn 21 mom is gonna buy me a bottle of bitch wine for my birthday  i'm so ready for this  playful 
chillin with <propfemale>!!!!! eating ruffles with cookies'n'cream ice cream  laugh 
sooo sick ): can people in my classes message me or something so i can get the homework for today? thank you 
listening to eminem just because i am that cool  laugh 
would anyone give me a ride to the basketball game tonight? i'm playing in the band! let me know asap!
at the cooney's house babysitting caitrin and coco  smile 
http annoyed  www formspring me angelface93     laugh  at the dance studio  wanna chill afterwards?
still home sick  this really sucks  annoyed 
that sounds weird  i mean i am at home being sick  that really really sucks  annoyed 
at dance    still don't feel that well but i will have to live  gonna walk down to qfc and get lunch   
haha so <propfemale> made me a soundtrack to our lives    it is 58 songs  laugh  3 cds of goodtimes the past 3 years  iloveyou<propfemale>aaaaaaaaa  love 
you're only as tall as your heart will let you be and you're only as small as the world will make you seem  but when the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall  just look on the brightside you're roughly six feet tall 
excited for dress shopping with <propfemale> tomorrow (hopefully going) <propfirst> is gonna have a cow when he sees me all dressed up  laugh 
msn anyone? pretty pwease smile 
"<propfemale> in wonderland tomorrow!!! come see ensemble ballet theatre and i perform at the ikea performing arts center at renton highschool, tomorrow and sunday  want more info? message me for details!  smile "
haha can't wait to see the look on my mom's face tomorrow  yay for mother's day  laugh 
"puh, iunno  kinda upset about how things are going right now  but ya gotta make the best of it    right?"
at hilduh's and about to go to safeway for some goodiessssssss! yumyum in the tumtum!  laugh 
<propfemale>    one more day of finals then a half day to just goof around and celebrate the end of the school year! class of '12!  laugh 
*sigh* today was just one of those days where i just really want my grandma to be home  i miss her so much   went to visit her today before stealing my grandpa to take him out to a father's day dinner 
"<propfirst>'s birthday party soon, then dancing the night away in ballet class  smile "
getting organized for recital and dad's house  busy weekend to come but i get to see my grandpa dance!  laugh  come to dance e playful ressions recitals this weekend at auburn high school! message me for details! it is free!
"sooo, sorting out clothes for my trip to dad's house  recitals were tiring this year but i enjoyed them  i leave on wednesday and won't be back till august  smile "
watched the new episode of true blood  really getting annoyed with the cliffhangers though d: excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!!!
"last day in washington before i leave for dad's goona spend my last night on the town with some most excellent people  italian food and eclipse    shocking, another teenage girl likes twilight  playful "
hanging out with sissy today  family coming over tonight for dinner  excited to see everyone!
i know you like preteen girls so i'm gonna offer you some advice   dump a bucket of glitter on yourself and walk into the sunlight  they will come running 
"just got back from spending the day with my sister  got some cute dresses, got some new nose studs, and tried octopus    gotta say today was pretty exciting  smile "
formspring questions please? http annoyed  www formspring me angelface93
burnt myself with a punk on accident last night  ): other than that i was really happy to see my family    i really needed to spend time with them after this rough year 
so two questions   why am i covered in muffins and are there pictures of this                 haha i love tfln  laugh 
"grrrrrrr, can't sleep     ):"
today was uneventful    yay summer?
alanis morrissette  love 
"the black eye was caused by a 12 year old girl in a vampire costume who punched you in the face after you aggresively screamed \team jacob!\"" in her face & howled at the moon   \",62189ca8cac19c1fb1cec0433140d854,"dear columbia, \you really need to get rid of the storm and rain for good  it has been 3 days and i have been patient  so please if you don't mind go away  \\spending the day with the sister smile "
"i defeated you stupid lightbulb! ha  ha  ha \\i love my sister  love   laugh "
he drinks <propfemale> and she talks dirty in spanish-crystal swing
today was busyyyyyyyyyyy with stuff! got to spend more time with my sister which is always fun  and got to see my nieces and nephew as well  they are spending the night with us tonight smile 
gonna go swimming with the kids for a little bit then chill out before i go babysit kaleb  my back is really starting to hurt again):
babysitting kaleb   yay?
"like this status and i will post on your wall: something i like about you, a confession and my first impression of you   smile "
bahahaha i love scary movie  laugh 
family coming over to have cake and ice cream for <propfemale>'s soon birthday smile  then my sister-in-law is stealing me to go watch true blood!!! good day in my opinion 
spending the night at my brother's house then spending the day with some family for <propfemale>'s birthday  i can't believe she is gonna be four tomorrow!
yesterday was awesome  got to go to the lake of the ozarks for <propfemale>'s birthday  it was cool to see that it was still the same after 7 years  superrrrrr tired though  playful 
watchingth real l word with breezie and <propfemale>  went swimming earlier and now making pizza! yummmmm 
"god i just want to dance! i miss the care free feeling so much    i think i may choreograph a dance while i'm here  pink's \sober\"" maybe?"""
"not feeling good    i have no idea why  might be going to some festival thing later, i forgot what it was for haha "
got a haircut today! nothing too drastic but it looks so much better  <propmale> davidson bike show tomorrow and kingston's burthday party  a busy day is what it is sounding like to me 
saw some awesome <propmale> davidson's at the bike show today  smile  my favorite: the one with tweety bird decals on it haha! that's one badass bike 
"going to <propfemale>'s later with <propfemale> for true blood!  smile  but for now, just chillen "
glycerine - bush  most favorite sing on the planet  love 
can't sleep even though i probably should > > way to go <propfemale>   
going to grandma's grave tomorrow  it will be the first time i have been there since the funeral  please pray for me as well as my family to come together and rejoice the life of a wonderful woman  r i p gramma <propfemale>  you are missed 
true blood tonight! yay for sundays smile  painted my nieces nails last night  <propfemale> was so happy  i put little flower stickers on her nails and she thought it was the coolest thing ever  me = greatest aunt ever? i think so  laugh 
"\look closely at the present you are constructing; it should look like the future you are dreaming \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
feels like c-r-a-p! sore and sick to my stomach  this is not good ):
i'm so disappointed in myself  i'm embarassed and ashamed  and i don't want to just completely give up  i want to own up to my choices and prove i can do better  but for now i'm preparing for an emotional downward spiral  way to go <propfemale>   
"yesterday was amazing  just chillen with my sister and playing mortal kombat, crash bandicoot, and guitar hero was a really awesome time  i love you sis  smile "
"okay we played soul caliber, crash bandicoot, and guitar hero  not mortal kombat  lol, my bad  annoyed "
"leave a one-word comment using the third letter of your name that describes me  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word about you!"
true blood tonight  smile 
"we can dance if you want to, we can leave your friends behind  'cause your friends don't dance and since they don't then they're no friends of mine   smile "
"hanging out with sissy today  smile  gonna go swimming, attempt to beat mortal kombat for the billionth time, and watch some t v "
finishing up making pear butter with my sister  it is freakin' delicious! maybe spending the night at her house? really haven't decided yet  spending the day with her tomorrow to see step up 3d! and going to devil's icebox  smile 
"mmmmm, this pear butter turned out awesomeeeee!  smile "
had an awesome time at six flags yesterday! true blood smile 
coming home tomorrow! i love you missouri family and i'm really going to miss you all  love 
i'm homeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
"at <propfemale>'s  smile  good times, good times "
going to the lake!  smile 
at <propfemale>'s for the day and going to the lake smile 
had an awesome day at the lake with a bunch of friends  smile 
i'm hoping my weekend makes up for wednesday    i still feel so kjsbgkjbwr  i know i shouldn't beat myself up for it but what am i supposed to do? i'm so upset 
"so, my mom does not know the thong song by sisqo    problem? i think so "
"1st period - english: burns-peterson\2nd period - symphonic band: stowell\3rd period - oceanography: buechler\4th period - french 3 4: whitlock\5th period - uw u s history since 1940: gaul\6th period - dance technique & performance: boyd\\does anyone have any classes with me?"
going to see vampires suck tomorrow with my grandpa  laugh  he is awesome 
"urgh, so does anyone have 3rd lunch? - -"
having a hot cup of green tea and then probably going to bed  smile 
hand jive  laugh  someone wanna text me?
"ugh, i feel so cruddy ): had a good day but just felt sick the whole time  oh well  anyone want to <propfemale> out tomorrow?"
grandma's funeral is today    i don't get to go cause none of us have the money to fly me to missouri again so soon  today is gonna be terrible ):
sooo       <propfemale> just hit her head really hard on the wall on accident  i can't stop laughing  laugh 
<propmale>! if you are online then send me a message you gave me the wrong number d:
<propmale> out with <propfemale> and <propmale> today!  laugh  more pics from our adventure are to come 
she pretty much was laugh 
"grrrrrrrrrr, facebook is being retarded to me d:"
there's nothing better than eating triscuits and drinking hot chocolate when you don't feel good  annoyed 
reality just struck    i'm never gonna see her again  it is final  done  over  i hate being home alone  all i have done is think about my loss and i just can't seem to move on from it  i need a hug 
"sooooooo, dyed <propfemale>'s hair and had kind of a failed spa day with her  annoyed  it was still pretty fun though  laugh "
"anyone who has gaul for uw u s history, do you know if that 50 states map is due by tomorrow or are we working on it in class?!"
geography is the root of all evil    now i gotta suck it up and go finish it 
"i feel like a housewife right about now  went on a cleaning frenzy in the kitchen, the computer desk, and now about to in the bathroom  i'm doing this all willingly d:"
school tomorrowwwwwwww  hopefully this week will be just as good as last week  laugh 
has is anyone taking at least second year french? i'm a little lost on two clues for a crossword puzzle and need help  please help! ):
"going to visit grandma today, then homework  in a seriously crappy mood right now  i just want to go back to bed and sleep the whole day  maybe seeing grandma will make me feel better "
yay i got into the jazz class!!!! dance again tonight smile  feels so good to be dancing once again 
"rock the casbah, rock the casbah! with hildaaaaa!!!!  love "
"eww, essay for gaul  it is super easy but homework is just never exciting    oh, homework how i despise you "
"today    sucked to say it nicely  i mean, some fun stuff happened  but yeah, it mostly sucked hardcore  yay for high school?"
i have decided that it is now nap time! going to movie later? iunnoooo  text me if you wanna or message me  playful 
rockin' out to some guns 'n' roses waiting for my ride to ebt  going to hilly dilly's tonight!  laugh  so exciteddddddddd!
plans for tonight are off  anyone wanna make new ones with me?  smile 
"so, any and all boys who like to dance with pretty girlies should contact me for info on a fun, exciting parntering class  no technique is needed and we promise to go at a slow pace for you to learn  ebt needs boys!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  p s classes are on either saturdays or sundays (mostly sunday) "
"sooo, no homework, sadly no dance, and that's about it  woohoo wednesdays?  :"
"let's take my mind off of things shall we? bored, bummed out, hurting, and in desperate need of a good laugh   "
"at <propfemale>'s after an interesting bus ride    lol, had a pretty awesome day  smile "
does anyone have red and white fabric pant that i could borrow?!
going to the football game tonight!  laugh 
done with dance for today now a longgggg wait 'till i get to make falcon gear with <propfemale> tonight!  laugh 
"ughh, being sick is exactly what i need right now  hear the sweet sound of sarcasm?"
anyone got an obnoxious belt buckle and a cowboy hat i can borrow for spirit day tomorrow?  laugh 
"ebt, then hopefully getting my nails done, and then homecoming!  laugh "
about to eat dinner then making my finishing touches on my homecoming look!  laugh  got acryllic nails done for the first time  i feel kinda grown up     playful 
"hey, so i wasn't at school today and was home sick  i would really appreciate if people in my classes could let me know if we had homework today  thank you  smile "
thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday  i had a great day!  smile 
can anyone give me a ride to ebt tomorrow!? d:
everyone wear purple today to support those who committed suicide for being made fun of and discriminated for their sexuality! support the lgbt community!
"jazz got me all pumped up today!  laugh  but my abs are officially killing me  thanks crunches, i love you too "
awesome  made my best friend cry and pissed off at me  no plans for tonight anymore  i feel like crap but honestly just asdgnakjgb  my best friend hates me by now  hope everyone else is having a better halloween 
so if people in my classes could let me know what we did today that would be really awesome!  smile  i should be back tomorrow  
anyone in gaul's class for uw u s history know how long the essay due tomorrow has to be?
totally just changed my language on facebook to french  laugh  this entertains and educates me at the same time!
anyone wanna give me a ride to the game tonight?  surprise  i would greatly appreciate it and give you halloween <propfemale>!
can anyone drive me to the game tonight? i'll really appreciate it and reward you with halloween <propfemale>  laugh 
football game tonight  laugh 
dirty little secret #1-5  1) disney movies are the only thing that give me hope in the world  2) i care for others more than i will ever care for myself  3) i'm my harshest critic  4) i judge my looks everyday  5) i wear a fake smile on my face if it means someone dear to me is happy 
"dirty little secret #6-9  6) i enjoy pushing the boundaries and the norm  7) if i want something bad enough, nothing will get in my way to getting it   smile  i hate that i'm willing to commit to a relationship but, it seems no one else is  9) i wish i could always start my mornings with the chocolate chip pancakes they give you at disneyland that are shaped like <propfirst> mouse's head "
can anyone give me a ride to ebt tomorrow? i have to be there at 9 in the morning    please help! ):
neverminddddd! found a ride!  laugh 
"keep december 3rd, 4th, and 5th free on your calendars this year everyone! ebt is performing the nutcracker at renton ikea performing arts center! if you are interested in a family-fun show then go ahead and ask me for details  it is never too early to buy the tickets  wink "
"soooooo tired  long day of rehearsals for nutcracker today, which everyone should come see, now it's time to get ready to finally go back to school tomorrow  i missed everyone all week "
watch channel 5 news at 11 my mom is gonna be on their promoting her work at top foods! my momma's gonna be famous  laugh 
"<propmale>'s world and <propfirst> powers: goldmember  good night, good night  playful "
sooooooooo excited for pajama day tomorrow!  laugh  best way to start a monday for sure 
grandma's coming home tomorrow!  laugh  it's been a long year without her here  thank you everyone for your support and prayers through the hard times!  love 
"okay, so i'm screwed on the essay  completely frustrated with this crap people call homework  having a friggin' stressful breakdown and just want to cry  thanks for a ridiculous amount of homework right before break mr  gaul  you are just the <propfemale> on top of my week - -"
all day err' day  smile 
"dear god, my uncle is spending the night  please save us all  because i obviously love family conversations with disturbing topics that eventually end up with me involved d:"
"so in the past two days i have cleaned the living room, computer desk, my bathroom, done dishes, and even cleaned vacuumed febreezed my bedroom  i think i need to get out of the house because i'm starting to scare myself a little bit d:"
alright so my new relationship status update got 40 obnoxious comments on it and most of them were making fun of me or him  if you truly want to know about the relationship and are curious to who it is then im me or message me instead please 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower   , armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 1% are awesome, and will re-post this "
so sick ): stayed home from school yesterday and today  i feel worse today than i did yesterday so that is definately not a good sign 
"so, went to urgent care last night  got in to see a nurse and when she looked down my throat she said  \oh my god    you have the worst throat i've seen all day  now in my opinion i think you may have mono\"" me:  surprise  what the !@#$\",62189ca8cac19c1fb1cec0433140d854,giggety 
zach is coming overrrrr!  laugh  the weekend just got better 
"me and <propfemale> just made a rap, wanna hear it?     look at me, i'm so hard they call me q-dizzle  you better watch out or i'll make your heart fizzle  you better be pumped for i am the shit  keep talking smack and ya gonna get hit  'cause like i said my name is q-dizzle my nizzle, bizzle, fizzle    rizzle drizzle  yo "
