4425bd127a754fa1bdec007f83ac1a0d
i like the coffee  definately 
cannot wait until labor day 
i am addicted to coffee  and i am very jittery 
the drawing of the three
"if <propfirst> had a baby girl tonight, i would name her rock n roll "
how bout them braves?
"between the buried and me always centers me  like right now, so centered before work "
is tired of people 
really wants to go swimming 
needs to win the lottery
i love dishonest people 
braves and minnesota at 2  yesss
lame
why does soccer not have video replay? you'd think in a sport where 1 goal is as precious and rare as it it that they would have it  i mean if <propmale> hadn't scored that rebound goal usa would be going home  due to another botched call
go gamecocks!!!!
i'm an ass 
"if <propfemale> had a baby boy tonight, i would name him rock n roll"
destroy everything!
i miss old times  kinda
a friend in need is a friend indeed  a friend with weed is better  a friend with breasts and all the rest a friend that's dressed in leather 
be sure you set your feet in the right place and then stand firm 
wish i had some good friends 
haha
super stressed
everything i've felt over the last 12 yrs has been buried within frustration  desperation  boiling pt
we are just mortal souls left to die
betrayal stings the soul  ouch 
everytime i sleep here i get fucked w
fuck everything and everybody
clam chowda
who am i? petey <propmale> mother fucker!
let's bring out the shotguns  were going to town
i disrespect those who disrespect me and only those who disrespect me  and famous ppl don't count 
trying to sherlock holmes me
bored as all get out at work  new mngmnt don't know how to cut!
anyone know a place i could crash for a night?
grandparents in the waiting womb suck!
got the rest of the day off  no ider how to spend it
sometimes it feels like   somebodys waatchin me   hmm   
i need a break from reality 
starting to enjoy being the bad guy 
<propmale> hudson is my hero
just got the newcastle mini keg! hope its good!
life is too short to care wat ppl say or think about you 
6 pack o smithwicks and tiger woods pga tour  gonna b a good day  motha fucka i'm chillll!
braves just rbi'd now just 1 back in top of 8th!
madullah oblangata
"words are feminine, deeds are masculine- baltasar gracian"
sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they'll notice
haiden <propfirst> vande brake will be with us very soon!
i'm a dad!
baby is doing great! thx everybody
are you a fb addict? spend more than an 2 hrs a day on fb? do you post something 10 times a day? if so you can find help 
beware of the indians  they don't tip
he drinks the coffee  he drinks the coffee that he likes 
ml
"brian\\filled with mingled cream and amber\i will drain that glass again \such hilarious visions clamber\through the chambers of my brain\-quaintest thoughts -queerest fancies\come to life and fade away;\who cares how time advances?\i am drinking ale today \\-<propmale> <propfirst> poe"
i have a bad feeling about today  i need some good luck 
i've never loved any person like i love haiden  this boy has brought me back to life 
a woman at the gas station just asked if i was babysitting 
boiler up!
is love really the key?
anybody gonna be in 5 pts?
mood>apathetic
