0d44b4996f9a49b542cbf377ad7ba454
does college have to start back????  sad 
already done for the day and it's not even 10 am  i love tuesdays!!  laugh 
<propfirst>'s bed ate hello <propfemale>!!!!!!  sad 
<propfirst>'s bed gave hello <propfemale> back
i think that homework is just a suggestion  no reason to actually do it     laugh 
there's shaving cream on the elevator  laugh 
"time to study, oh joy!"
study abroad trip to vietnam and japan this summer??!! i want to goooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"loves cookies, loves <propfemale> banks for loving shorties (power to us midgets,) loves that the worst day of the week is over, loves that she is going to the movies with dear ones this weekend, loves that <propmale>'s ice cream is melted, and loves that its time to go to bed  laugh   love "
too much to do this week  sad 
just had a shaving cream fight at <propfemale>'s  got interrogated by a cop because of it   laugh 
5 years  love   it's been a great anniversary  <propfemale>'s birthday celebration  could only be better if i wasn't sick!
has biology chocolate and white chocolate  laugh 
will never look at plants the same way again thanks to mckinnley  nature is rated r!!!!!
   people are really weird  laugh 
i can be bribed with <propfemale>!!!
"if you know a \mr  fresh\"" stay away because he likes to hit cars and make the doors not open!!!"""
"another promise, another scene, another packaged lie to keep us trapped in greed, and all the green belts wrapped around our minds, and endless red tape to keep the truth confined   so come on!"
"hello, my name is <propfemale> day and i am a procastinator      professors need punched in the face for making us do work anyway!!"
i propose that we completely forget about finals and just go home for break early  laugh 
"only 4 more finals, 1 speech, and 1 7-page paper to go!"
stupid power outage! this week was supposed to be easy  sad 
only 3 more finals and 3 and a half pages on my paper to go!!  laugh 
paper is done! yayyyyyyyy
"only the two dr  <propmale> exams left, then i get to go home and face a potential snow storm  exciting  laugh "
everyone have a happy new year!
happy new year!!!!!!!
"dear \genius\"" playlist - you placed killers into a brit-pop rock category     they  are   from  <propfemale>      """
it's only the first day of classes and i'm ready to quit
"it's past time for bed  i hate 8 a m  classes, but i'm loving this cute little evil dog thingy that my suite-mate gave to me  smile "
only biology lecture and lab and then i can come home  can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning  laugh 
feels very excited that her 8 smile 0 class is cancelled!  laugh 
so my blackboard account is dead     and i am supposed to sign on it tonight for my online class      and my password was supposed to be sent to my email but it wasn't    and no one will answer my emails or my phone calls     isn't college great??
"only two more hours of being a teenager  sad   this year, my birthday is not a day to celebrate - it is a day to mourn"
hungryyyyyyyyy
"i am faced with a <propmale> problem  i must choose between an awesome, colorful, fingerpainted background surrounding hello <propfemale>    or the same awesome background with the words \oh my\"" written on it      """
such a dreary day  guess i'll curl up with a book
"here's my suggestions to improve campus life at concord  1  a globe that would enclose campus to keep out all of the stupid snow & rain   it would be like a non-snow globe  2  a big conveyor belt system to take students to & from class  3  room service in all the dorms  4  an anti-theft face-punch mechanism  if you try to steal, you'll get punched  5  free 50 inch flat screen tvs for everyone who has had a tv stolen "
<propmale> is forcing me to eat <propmale>'s  he's so mean
"should totally be studying for my geog class    but facebook counts as studying, right?"
i'm going to be like poe and study!  smile 
feeding <propfemale>  smile 
"packing my bags  i have just received news that i am to drop out of college, and move into the hello <propfemale> house and have someone feed me cherries  smile  if it's what dr  <propmale> thinks is best"
operation poe will begin  smile 
poe? what about poe? i have no idea what you're talking about!!!!
so <propfemale> is in our room dancing with a painted face      smile 
is bored
no classes tomorrow!!!! life is sooo gooooood
so i'm listening to <propfirst>'s zune   a playlist entitled night  most depressing music in the world to go to sleep to 
"things that are wrong: a  it is cold, freezing actually  b  there is like 200 5298 feet of snow outside  c  it's almost 8 am and i am still awake  d  i'm pretty sure my stomach is eating itself  e  i'm terribly bored"
"i should be exhausted, but i'm quite energized  i really need sleep       "
"after last week, i don't think i can survive a full week of school  sad "
"time to either sleep or read, until history class  i hope it gets cancelled  that would equal a perfect day "
<propfirst> and <propmale>'s door now has a hello <propfemale> door hanger on it  smile 
"oooh-oh-oh can't tell me nothing now, baby i know how to fly  oooh-oh-oh can't nothing hold me down, i'm gonna touch the sky   smile "
"classes are over for me, so it's time to get back into my pjs"
"reading time, yay!!!!"
bored out of my mind      
"walmart trip, i vote <propmale> to drive  smile "
inclement weather = love  love 
"*sighs* no one loves me, so i guess i'm gonna read"
bed  love 
only 1 more class to go  i love inclement weather and class cancellations  smile 
concord night classes cancelled   when do night classes begin? 4? 5?
"<propfirst> needs beauty sleep, so he will be sleeping for the next 40 years or so "
i've changed my mind  i love snow  woot
i care for all of you!!!  let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and  repost this in your own bulletin  let's see who the true friends are!!!
<propmale> is attacking <propfirst>! he is no longer my friend!!! <propfirst> will probably not be able to make babies now     
i'm falling in love with coldplay    
time to curl up and read  gonna stay up as long as i can to try and finish this book
everyone! start texting <propfemale> rinehart like mad!!
watching <propfirst> get his hair straightened  smile 
"why must i punish myself by staying up late, knowing i have a dumb 8am class? goodnight, world "
"omgeeeeee!!! rock on the range, anyone? skillet! papa roach! rise against!! coheed!!! three days grace!!!! apocalyptica!!!!!!!!!!!!! who cares if it's $120 per ticket? i'm going"
i'm thinking that <propmale> and cheese will be perfect right now  smile 
wants to sleep and forget about the rest of this week
is glad to be back on campus  smile 
"so, concord doesn't cancel day classes, when there was actually some snow on the roads  now they cancelled evening classes???? the roads are clear, sir "
matt=evil
    <propfirst> hates meh  sad 
i'm defrosting my orange juice  smile 
apparently facebook is getting back at me and poe for our many many posts  sad 
thinks its time for bed    or at least time to read
"so i've ran around the past two weeks, especially this week, gathering everything i need for my portfolio  although i already had all the requirements, i used yesterday to rewrite and tweak every little detail  now campus is closed: i won't get to turn in my portfolio today  not seem like a big deal? today was the last day  this epic fail truly makes me hate snow  it's ruining my college career!"
oh! and massive snowstorm also equals me most likely being stuck up here this weekend  what happened to that protective bubble i asked for?
 smile  portfolios will be accepted on monday  yay!
we just bought our tickets to rotr!  smile 
i need books! anyone have any suggestions?
don't let <propfirst> <propmale> bunner near anything that he can use as blackmail!
snow equals perfect way to scare poe when she wakes up 
what do you mean i have a paper due tomorrow??
i've decided that my essay for history is going to have magical powers and write itself  smile 
i don't even have any friends  grr to you all!!!!  love  <propfemale>
"dear history paper, i want you to know that even though you do not exist yet, i completely hate you  signed with loathing resentment, <propfemale>"
"facebook is not a reliable source to use in a paper, <propfirst> <propmale> bunner!!!!!!!!!!"
stupid paper     grrrr
"i is excited  smile  after today, the rest of my week will be completely effortless  and then  i get to go home for an awesome week  and tomorrow is the birthday of the greatest person ever! and i get to dye my hair over break! all of these things make me entirely happy, regardless of my lack of sleep and incomplete history paper  love "
thinks <propfemale> targosky is fabulous 
would like to amend that she thinks that both <propfemale> targosky and <propfemale> poe are awesome 
my facebook has been hacked by <propfemale> targosky  smile 
everyone! <propfemale> is not crazy and i adore her  smile 
 smile  just woke up  yay!
<propmale> is very bad at giving clues    
please please please make them stop! i am not deciding  i always have to decide  grrrr
"so, my favorite lyrics at the moment? so up they picked me by the big toe  i was held from the rooftop, then they let it go  there's any screaming, let the windows down as i come to the ground   love "
"dear world, you're tricking us aren't you? giving us small hopes that spring is here - the song of birds chirping, the dazzling bright sun, the promise of warm weather this week    ah, but you have plans to crush our hearts and dump 20 more inches of snow on us soon, right? okay, i'm on to you  cruel, evil little world   love  <propfemale>"
"i is loving spring break  smile  relaxing, enjoying the warm weather, enjoying my new hair, enjoying the idea of an industrial     yep, life is pretty much good"
sad movies are not cool  sad 
my break is almost over  sad  i don't wanna go back
back at college     grr face
just ordered 50 belly button rings    so i'm feeling pretty special 
"dumb uncomfortable bed - kept me tossing and turning all night long  dumb 8 a m  math class - he taught us that if both sides are the same number, then they must be equal     such a hard concept to grasp  can't wait for the day to be over so i can crash"
"putting homework aside until tomorrow, and gonna read  love "
"okay, so now i'm really getting off of here  smile "
    i should take a nap    
getting worri<propmale>     still have not receiv<propmale> a call to set up my interview with the <propmale>  dept     guess they hate me =o
dumb online class  i hate busy work
dumb pieces of flair   won't let me send evil buttons to my evil friends
i just made it rain mountain dew  smile  smile 
just woke up  i advise everyone to take a class taught by a coach  they are never there  smile 
just finished reading ender's game  one of the best books that i've read      love 
beautiful day! definitely time for a trip to pipestem!!  smile 
my head hurts because <propfirst> dropped me and my head hit a metal pole  he's abusive and he doesn't even try =p
is sick  sad 
finds it alarming that her mouthwash was placed in the trash  does not like this 
"is glad that <propfemale> targosky is enjoying her grilled cheese  and in return, i have an awesome tattoo  smile "
so apparently someone does not want me to have clean teeth because my toothpaste magically disappeared as well  please  it's not nice to throw away someone else's half full listerine and to take away their good toothpaste as well 
hmmm    nap? i think so
a sidewalk covered in worms = yuck 
back from pipestem  had fun  was cold though      smile 
"someone shouldn't give landline texts that wake sleeping people up  so, now i'm angry  grrrrrr   laugh "
<propmale> is mean  someone should walk down to the office and punch him  thank you 
the mcdonald's here is dumb  why does everything seem to be better as long as it's not in princeton?
"so, my razor? switched out with the other girl's who has a <propfemale>? we have different colors  mine is purple  theirs - green  i even keep mine out of the shower away from theirs  how is it that they got switched out? i would have had a serious brain malfunction for me to have done it  sure, i thought i had a concussion last week, but i honestly don't see how it was done any other way than on purpose "
"been a long, yet wonderful day  time for bed  love "
"so, i look outside and i see snow  not fair!  sad "
<propfirst> bellew is awesome and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner is not  that simple
"time to waste about 7 hours, doing absolutely nothing  i love my tuesdays and thursdays  smile "
ready for the day to be over
"time to read; no classes tomorrow, but need my rest so that me and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner can own <propfirst> bellew at tennis  smile "
"so, got my piercings today  smile  the needle didn't hurt anymore than getting a piercing with a gun, just like the piercer said  and i'm already in love with my industrial  love "
i have confidence that i am going to fail my bio test tomorrow  sad 
30 <propfemale> to relax before <propfirst> gets out of class  gonna lay down - hope my ear doesn't bleed anymore  smile 
"pretty happy with the rock on the range lineup  could be a little better, but it appears that we'll get to see most of the bands we want without too much overlapping  smile "
so i got a b on my bio 102 exam    i think that pretty much makes me a rebel  smile 
couldn't get into one of her classes  grrrrrr
loves her boyfriend for skipping calc for her  love 
so i had to cave in and add an 8am class  grr face
"it's too hot, i'm grouchy and sick, and i have a paper to write for a crazy professor  can life get any better?"
meat continues to gross me out  i don't even know why i should eat it  i should become a vegetarian 
time for bed? i believe so  smile 
"disappointed, angry, depressed equals me right now  oh well - if they weren't from canada, they would have won  smile "
i don't even know who i am anymore!!!
are there any <propfirst> bellew's out there that are utterly confused? maybe <propfirst> bellew? or <propfirst> bellew ? or perhaps <propfirst> bellew ? but which is the real one?
then there's <propfirst> bellew
hello  <propfirst> bellew's name is <propfirst> bellew  and my name is <propfirst> bellew   laugh 
"now that we're all back to our true names, all of the <propfirst> bellew comments are quite interesting  smile "
there's a place i know if you're looking for a show where they go hardcore and there's glitter on the floor  love 
 sad  i don't know where my <propfirst> is    
"so i look at <propfirst> and pout, and i instantly get what i want  i adore being spoiled  love "
i do not like fire alarms that go off before my alarm  sad  even if it was just a few minutes 
so apparently my day is going to consist of sitting in my dorm by myself on this pretty day  wonderful  thanks <propfirst> 
"i am so thankful that i have a good family that actually cares about me, supports me, and loves me  some people aren't so lucky "
"not trying to be dramatic or anything, but i think i'm dying "
i think my math teacher wants us to learn how to count cards     so anyone up for vegas??  smile 
only 3 more weeks left  and finals week doesn't even really count because it's gonna be the best week ever   smile 
"and to be honest, i haven't started my essay yet, and i plan to continue my procrastination for at least another hour and 30 minutes "
there are a lot of dumb games on here    
eating a frozen uncrustable  smile 
"so i think i'm going to actually start my paper now, although i'd much rather have my face punched repeatedly by a flock of angry penguins "
"sleepy, my head hurts, and i just want this paper to be finished  sad "
"yay, bed  love "
"and my miserable day begins  luckily, the rest of my week is looking beautiful after today   smile "
today seems like a definite skip-class day   smile 
"my head hurts and i don't wanna go to lab  sad   two more weeks to go, but i'm done now!"
"debating on what earring i should order      ah, why not order them allll?!  smile "
"\this is a moose \""  laugh """
have you met my boyfriend? his name is mr  lame     he's lame  smile 
<propfirst> bellew and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner are at war in their dorm  i'm scared for my life and feel that i need to take cover    
 smile  only a week and a half left!  smile 
just got back from my last science lecture ever 
i gots accepted into the teaching program  smile  smile 
"which do you prefer? \the fascination of what's difficult has dried the sap of my veins and rent spontaneous joy and natural content out of my heart \"" or \""it eats my soul \"""""
had fun getting in freezing water and taunting <propfirst> bellew with help from <propfirst> <propmale> bunner  smile  <propfirst> is a chicken =p
study for my exam or go to sonic with awesome ppl? i chose the food  smile 
i    just hatched    an uncrustable  smile 
"day of procrastination #2: write history paper or go to outback with awesome ppl  once again, i chose the food     and i still haven't started that paper "
time to finish that paper that's due today  smile 
history paper is finished  the rest of my week = pure awesomeness  love 
i think i'm in love with this week  smile 
hates fire alarms that stop as soon as you step outside!  sad 
last night here! yay!  smile 
so my computer just went psycho on me  hope it's not where i was playing those converted songs     maybe they will make my stereo blow up
"so, in a few hours i'll be home for the summer  kinda terrific, kinda sad   sad "
"so far, i have all a's  i must say, i approve of this  smile "
"<propmale> in a few days  smile  without this trip, i'd probably lose the little bit of sanity i have left "
my family is a little psychotic   smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> thinks you're ugly
less than 24 hours  love   smile  smile  so excited 
"getting ready, last minute packing  and then i'm off to have an awesome weekend with <propfirst> bellew and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner and being surrounded by awesome bands   smile "
so my part of the road trip is over  tomorrow i get to sit back and relax while <propmale> drives us to <propmale>  unless he gets us killed      smile 
time for bed  can't wait - just hours away from  2 full days of awesomeness  smile 
"we at the hotel, motel, holiday inn!    well, it's actually a red roof inn  smile "
"rock on the range was completely awesome today! it was worth it just to see rise against, skillet, and three days grace  and tomorrow we get to see apocalyptica and coheed! so excited  smile "
"omg, apocalpytica was amazing!!! so fantastic, so beautiful, so my favorite performance of all  smile "
one of the best weekends ever!!  smile 
"haha, silly low quality videos  makes it sound like no one at the concert could sing  smile "
hungry  sad 
guys are     dumb  sad 
"every time i listen to music, i act like i'm still at a concert     "
last to know by three days grace is absolutely beautiful  it gives me goosebumps  love 
"so where can you go and catch up with old friends, laugh at people, touch a mohawk, and witness a marriage proposal all at once? fhs graduation of course  smile "
"my clothes keep multiplying like bunnies  it's out of control, i promise "
wants mcdonald's fries      sad 
had fun hiking today     except for those creepers    
my cereal ate my spoon  sad 
i'm eating my boyfriend's penguin  laugh 
"baby loves to dance in the dark, cause when he's looking she falls apart  love "
mizuhara!!! that's rawr in japanese  smile 
nothing better than driving home at night during a thunderstorm  i love the lightning  smile 
time to go have fun with my family for my mommy's birthday!!  laugh 
so today was fun day      besides the fact that i ripped one of my favorite pair of shorts and made my toe bleed  laugh 
"yum yum, breakfast time!!!!  laugh "
"so i was going through some old notes from middle and high school  best part so far?: \i told he she better requanize who she talking to a ruffrider \""      yep!  laugh """
"and last night was an epic, wonderful, becoming night  why, you may ask? only with <propfemale> and <propfirst> could i stare at the stars in a graveyard, remember our ridiculous yet clever past, sing a song about our hillbilly heritage, and write a story consisting of howie mandel and <propmale> sanchez   love   laugh "
misses <propfirst> <propmale>'s mp3 player because it has the best music eveh on it  and now i'm on youtube looking up the songs i can remember  laugh 
"stupid concord  i don't want to take out a <propfemale>, but i guess i'll have to since you lowered my pell  sad "
"dear rain, i am beginning to despise you "
"had an amazing time with <propfemale> dailey and <propfirst> <propmale> hiking along the beautiful river, marveling over trees, rock formations, bras hanging from limbs, a waterfall, hobbit holes, and our secret little sandbar  too bad that mamaw thought we had died or something    "
tons of lovely music thanks to <propfirst> <propmale>  i'm overwhelmed with musical happiness right now  laugh 
so my redneck brother who spends all his time huntin' and fishin' didn't want me to change telephone by lady gaga     laugh 
i wish i had big man arms so i could rearrange my room    
"according to e playful edia, it would only cost 1000 dollars more to fly to italy and germany than it would to go visit beckley    "
so i'm going to another concert in a month  how do i feel about this? pretty sweet   smile 
"time for some good food, awesome people, and possibly going to the park later on for the fireworks   smile "
having an argument with <propmale> cook about vampires    very interesting 
"so we're having a yard sale this fri and sat, 9am to 3pm, cunard rd  women's, juniors, and men's clothing, computer desk, dresser w  mirror, 2 compound bows, stereo system, video games for playstation 2, nitendo gamecube, xbox360, and some for the old sega and nitendo systems (i believe they are for the sega <propfemale> and super nitendo)  and a lot of other stuff  smile "
"just a reminder: we are having a yard sale today until 3pm and tomorrow 9am - 3pm  we have lots of stuff and we have to get rid of it, so drop on by  smile "
"please pray for my mom - they found several knots in her breasts  also, please keep <propfemale> in your prayers as well "
i am a big loseh
just got back from watching eclipse with my mommy  love 
time to go with <propfirst> so he can pay off his car  smile 
doesn't want summer to end      
"nudiustertian, i was walking down the vomitory when my foot began to yeuk  so i took off my winklepickers and held them under my oxters so i could releive the yeuk  i didn't realize that i dropped my spondulicks and now i have tittynope left!"
my mom went for another test today  they are still concerned and want her to get a biopsy  please pray that it comes back negative 
"dear concord, please stop sending me \revised\"" award letters that are exactly the same as all the others i've already mailed back to you """
"dear ncis,\you've got west <propfemale> all wrong  yes, we're country folk, but we still don't dress or talk that way  gayse station? come on  next time you should depict west <propfemale>ns with a little bit of the correct accent, a little bit of a temper, a little bit of huntin' and fishin', but a lot more respect "
watched inception today  it was incredible   smile 
so this two cans and string site is pretty awesome       smile 
thunderstorm!!  love 
this is so gorginshcnipe  so roofin' sweet!!!!
seriously  twocansandstring is so much more entertaining than facebook  laugh 
"so i may be going to <propfemale> to see a concert this weekend! i don't even really know the girl that well, but does that matter?? no! why?? because she's still awesome with an adorable voice and i'll be with my <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> dailey!!!  love "
grrr  so i wanted a job all summer and never got any call backs  until now  3 weeks before school starts 
"had the most amazing time with a certain <propfirst> bellew today hiking, picnicking, and a little rock climbing at long point  and i found out that if i was a car in nascar, my scoliosis would be considered a good thing!!  laugh "
oh my goodness! time to get ready and pack for the concert tonight!!  laugh 
had a terrific time at the lights concert and in dc with <propfemale> dailey and <propfirst> <propmale>!
"so i have like a week before i have to go back to the dorms  how does this make me feel? at this point, i have no idea!"
"so now that my brother has a facebook, he stays logged in and i'm always ending up on his account  not happy about this "
i feel that i need to let <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> dailey know that one of them was responsible for bruising my poor foot due to their crazy behavior 
"food, food, food! please????"
"i do not like walmart! at least, not today "
"i can try to be your rock, but every now and then, i need someone to be mine "
fighting with people on an anonymous website is very rewarding   smile 
"fayetteville tonight  athens tomorrow, then back to fayetteville tomorrow night "
"about to head up to athens with <propfirst> bellew  i get to see my awesome <propfemale> poe, the insane <propfemale> targosky, and the    strange <propfirst> <propmale> bunner   laugh "
"back home in fayetteville, and i'm very happy about this  ten minutes in the dorms at concord and you'll sweat off fifteen pounds  oh, and of course i'm happy to have a couple more priceless days with my family!  love "
"does anyone else find it ironic that when your driving behind a rafting bus, the driver decides to be extra cautious and drive about 10mph, but when you're passing one, you're basically forced off the road by a psychotic driver?"
to take the hot glue gun to my dorm or not  that is the question     
"back at college, and sure, there may be some cool people up here and all  but i left \far more awesome people behind like my mommy, mamaw, and <propfemale> dailey and <propfirst> <propmale> - i miss them already!  love "
not feeling very good  and i should be watching reruns of cops with my mamaw right now  smile 
there's a big spider hanging from my bathroom ceiling  did i mention that i find spiders to be quite disturbing???
"in memory of every cancer patient, familymember and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and for thosewho continue to conquer it  put this up for 1 hour if you know someonewho has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did, will you? loveto those who are in the fight  lots of love to those who lost   the  fight, but live on in our heart"
finally done for the day  pizza time?? i believe so!
"bed, take two  smile "
"trying to figure out a way to juggle 21 hours of classes, approximately 70 required field placement hours, as well as work study  ugh, my social life this semester will be nonexistent "
dumb internet! work!!!
i think i'll be eating off of this burger for the rest of the week    
"so my dog, my fluffy pomeranian puppy, my baby puppy has short hair thanks to a certain jaron <propfirst>  will i ever be able to look at him without bursting into laughter??"
falling in love with avenged sevenfold all over again     love 
forcing a certain <propfirst> <propmale> bunner to eat one of my lunchables   laugh 
"please pray for my little cousin, <propfirst> bickford -  all things are possible with god!  smile "
only 4 more hours and then i'll be done for the day   smile 
ready for complaints? complaint #1: dear guy who wouldn't pass my car for inspection  seriously?!? you failed me because of my itty bitty back windows supposedly being too tinted??? they aren't - the only way you couldn't see into my car would be if i was stashing a midget back there  the only possible convict that i let in my car would be <propfirst> <propmale> bunner 
"okay, now complaint #2: dear crazy woman who was driving in front of me  don't drive again  you are possibly the worst driver that i've ever had the misfortune of following  when they say to brake in the curves, they don't mean to stop  and next time you pull over to let me pass you, try not be still halfway in the road and slam the break  i felt like ramming into you honestly "
"complaint #3: my dog is still funny looking and probably will be for a couple of months  thanks, jaron <propfirst> - it's like a <propfirst> of sunshine to come home on the weekends and see my creepy dog's face "
i'm feelin like a <propfemale> - you can't stop my shine!  smile 
and what's better than singing and dancing when no one else is around?? nothing!  laugh 
"so not only is today the birthday of the great <propfirst> <propmale> bunner - in one month from today, i will have been with the wonderful, terrific, amazing <propfirst> bellew for 6 years   love "
"i am seriously thinking of dropping a class  if i don't, i think my head will e playful lode  so much for me being an over-achiever   "
my car is legal again!  smile 
is so tired      sad 
the elevator smells a little like creepy crawlers     
"dear m  shadows,\marry me? thank you "
ate too many lifesavers     sad 
awww  miss poe looks so cute when she's sleeping and not being a ninja   smile 
"got me like oh my gosh, i'm so in love, i found you finally, you make me wanna say oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my gosh  smile "
rain!  love 
so sleepy  sad 
on an epic search for my glasses   once again   annoyed 
"dear <propfirst> bellew, you better be glad i love you or i'd be very angry with you for, oh i don't know, breaking my glasses!!!"
lunchable time?? i believe so  smile 
hungry  troubled 
time to head to my last class of the day  can't wait for it to be over 
listening to people studying for plants       
i want toys!!!!  smile 
i'm such a kid!  laugh 
so it's not even 9 pm yet and i'm already halfway done with my essay - this could be a first  smile 
   the week of horror has begun  troubled  hahaha
"dancing to music while going over my paper  usually, i'd be rushing to finish my paper right now - i could definitely get used to this, but i'll probably convert back to procrastination    "
"seriously - next time there's a fire alarm when i'm in the shower, i'll take my chances of being eaten by flames  troubled "
finally put my tattoo idea to paper - now i just need someone with actual artistic talent to clean it up a bit (or a lot)  smile 
with my baby  smile 
"is sad because <propfirst> is calling me a mutated, malformed individual  sad "
sick  sad 
*sighs*
"well, i have at least one of my placements now  hopefully the rest will be at the same school  now the question is: can i complete 65 hours??"
<propfemale> poe is the best roomie ever because she gives me awesome hello <propfemale> fortune telling ball!
should be cleaning right now  but i'm   not 
"everybody! meet <propfirst> <propmale> - she thinks you smell nice, but she's not ready to give a speech   "
eating muh leftovers from <propfirst>'s  <propfirst> bellew is awesome  smile 
seriously thinking about dropping another class  stupid field placements     troubled 
"so here's my dilemma  i have 50+ pairs of shoes  all under my bed  and when i have my heart set on wearing a certain pair, i can never find them!  sad "
"true story! <propfirst> bellew: *grabs <propfirst> <propmale> bunner's ear and goes \nimma nimma nimma\"" in a cute little voice  and <propmale>    launches a starburst out of his mouth     strange boys """
lunchable and apple juicebox =  love 
"can't wait for the day to be over  a little sad that i don't get to ruin <propfemale> rinehart's birthday, but life must go on   troubled "
loves <propfirst> bellew because he gives the best late anniversary gifts ever!!  love 
this makes me happy: this warranty is invalid and does not cover cosmetic damage or damage due to the acts of god      laugh 
my throat hurts  i hate cold weather that makes me sick   sad 
sick  sad 
adores her kindergartners!  love 
"so i have to teach two <propmale> lessons in two different classes, both worth a huge percent of my final grade the same week  gah - no pressure, right?"
i really wish my voice would come back   sad 
has a demon skull!!!  laugh 
"ugh, should be working on my lesson plan and studying for a quiz, but of course facebook wins "
needs something exciting to do  so sick of homework and studying  sad 
hmm    maybe i should just stay at college for the rest of my life?
"yeah, so anyone remember the halloween parties i used to have? well, this year i'm venturing to a little haunted place down on the river known as red ash  so if you wanna come and you aren't scared of an island full of graves, let me know   smile "
"had a terrific time with my bestest friends <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> bellew, and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner at bridge day today  only <propfemale> nightfaire's lack of being there made me sad   love "
"i think if i don't stop coughing soon, i'm gonna cough my lungs up   sad "
needs to be a good girl and start her homework  but will i? probably not 
time to make a lot of things right 
it's been a long day  time for bed 
 troubled 
one thing i've learned so far by making this floor plan - an ideal kindergarten classroom should be approximately 5000 square feet  hmmm   
very happy that she chose to skip her history class to catch up on some sleep   smile 
hears a <propfemale> targosky singing in the hall   laugh 
" love  lions make you brave, giants give you faith, death is a charade     love "
is becoming soooo attached to her kindergarten class  can i please just bring them home with me???
desperately needs supplies to make a witch  smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> is the coolest person you'll ever meet 
<propfirst> <propmale> also loves <propfirst> bieber!  laugh 
is stressed to the breaking point and most people don't seem to care   
yeah- i'm just gonna finish my paper tomorrow      laugh 
"time to collapse, i think    "
can totally write her paper that's due tomorrow    tomorrow  laugh  bedtime 
definitely nap time  smile 
terrified tons of children today - i feel accomplished   laugh 
cannot do all of this  preparing for three epic fails this week   sad 
is terrified about giving her 35 minute lesson today   sad 
is sooo happy to actually be doing nothing for once  laugh 
math class cancelled once again      laugh 
gangsta training begins early  a little boy in my kindergarten class already has the baggy pants and pointless belt thing going on   laugh  his pants were halfway down revealing his spiderman underwear for most of the day 
every   body   pay    attention    this   right here    is my    prettyboyswag!  laugh 
"maybe if people wouldn't worry about everyone else's lives, they'd be able to figure out their own "
sick of professors giving me busy work!
"has <propfemale> much energy and i want to dance, but <propfirst> is too lame to dance with me   sad "
is in a wonderful mood because she has no more classes today and she got a 96% on her big educ 306 lesson!!  laugh 
"is so happy, is so excited, is so terrifically, wonderfully determined that she will be receiving the best birthday present ever!!! what could possibly be better than watching m  shadows performing on stage??? nothing!!!!  laugh "
<propfirst> bellew is a really creepy boyfriend  and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner is a really creepy friend 
thinks <propfirst> <propmale> bunner is evil for soaking her with freezing water  and <propfirst> bellew is even more evil for sitting back and watching   annoyed 
was totally hit on by a 2nd grader     
"kids with special needs aren't sick, gross or stupid, and their handicap isn't contagious  they want what we all want: to be accepted and loved  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it up as your status for 1 hour? it's special education week and this is in honor of all children who were made unique"
my tummy is growling - i need food!
rawrawrawrawrawr!!! i should be asleep!  laugh 
finally done with classes and observations  now i'm just waiting for <propfirst> and i gets to go home for a week   laugh 
home! for a week!  laugh 
gah - my break's just begun and i'm already bored 
riding on the back of the fourwheeler while jaron <propfirst> hits jumps = biggest adrenaline rush that i've had in a long time!  laugh 
"loves being home with her family  where else can i have a toothpaste water fight, e playful lore old graveyards, go jumping on the fourwheeler with a half-insane brother, sing oldies around the dinner table, and use shining christmas lights as a jump rope??  laugh "
" love  and we have gone through good and bad times  but your unconditional love was always on my mind  you've been there from the start for me  and your love's always been true as can be  i give my heart to you, i give my heart because nothing can compare in this world to you      love "
has so much to be thankful for and is excited to spend thanksgiving with those that she loves!
walmart right now equals pure insanity  i love it!!
"today was fun  only one more day and then it's back to college, which i am dreading "
just put makeup on jaron <propfirst> - and i have to say that he makes a beautiful woman   laugh 
wants christmas break now!!
playing with her gak that she kept from her early <propmale> class  such a kid  smile 
just ordered my ipod!  smile 
broke my phone  this has just been a splendid week (note the sarcasm)
awake  and i have no reason to be   sad 
"dear local state road workers, remember that huge sunken in hole on gatewood road that you have refused to fix for months? and remember how your solution was to have traffic stop and take turns  well, guess what? it's on a hill  and it's now winter  do you know what happens when little cars like mine stop on a hill covered in snow and ice????"
whoever's stilling my internet and slowing it down    i wanna punch them in the face  annoyed 
how am i supposed to come up with a science lesson about mummies that wouldn't terrify 5 year olds??
i wish i wasn't so rushed today  sad 
i hate fedex  incorrect address?? i think i know my address - i've lived there my entire life 
will take part in the cartoon thing just for today because i'll honestly be glad to see faces again after this whole thing is over 
"happy birthday to my baby brother, jaron <propfirst>!"
"okay, i give in  message me a number, and i'll do the status thing  but i'm only doing 5 tops "
#4: one of the most sarcastic people i know  and that's one of the most awesome things about you  you're hilarious and always make me laugh  and it's fun to debate with you over pointless twilight things  =p you're actually one of the people i miss most from our high school  you're a good guy and a great friend and there aren't many of those out there anymore 
"#972: i don't really know you, but you're friends with my awesome roomie so you must be awesome too  and your baby is adorable  (i'm assuming that that is your baby in your profile pic)  smile "
"#6: goodness, we go way back, don't we? not always pleasant memories - often of us fighting or not being friends, but we've always pulled through and that's what counts  and one thing has never changed  you have always been there for me when i needed you  when i felt like no one else cared, you did  you always know when to ask if i'm okay and you're always there to listen to me "
17: what can i say about you? i honestly don't know what i'd do without you  you're more than my other half  you're truly my everything  you've made me a better person and you're continuing to do that  you are the most amazing guy that i know and i don't know what i ever did to deserve you  but i'm glad you're with me  because i love you with all of my heart and that will never change   love 
612: i don't think that there is anyone else on this campus that can make me laugh quite as much as you do  you're insane and crazy and that's why i love you  although i must admit the first time you came into my room doing my dance scared me a little    and you always have the answer to any problem: you has tattoos or it'll grow back   smile 
"22: the most amazing smelling person ever  likes shiny  me and <propfirst> thought you were a bit of a freak when we first met you  and we were 100% correct =p but seriously you're one of the most awesome people that i have met and you're one of my closest friends, kid "
"968: oh how i love you, miss most wonderful roommate ever! you're just pure awesomeness  your giggle, your awesome story telling skills, your bubbly personality, your semi-gothic attire, your disney music, your mad ninja sleeping skills    i could just go on and on  i love you  smile "
i think it's time to whip out that emergency can of mountain dew   smile 
"yeah, i'm totally still playing that game, so message me a number  why don't my family members want to know what i think of them??"
"0901: my youngest friend and one of my best friends  it seems insane that there's such a huge age difference between us - you're so mature  yet when we're together we act like 5 year olds  no one else can bring out the silly side of me quite like you can  if someone thinks that they are random, they should check out our formspring wars  you're always there to make me laugh or to just hold me  i love you so much!"
"22 the second: haha  your pout - oh how i hate it  but i'll be nice in this one   there's something about your personality that won't let me stay mad at you  even if you do aggravate me for some reason, i can't stay mad at you  and that's not really like me  you're a very intelligent person - you know way more than i do   smile "
"7610: i just met you recently, but you're an extremely nice person and fun to be around  i look forward to getting to know you better!  smile  (this is only the last 4 digits)"
" smile $&@\-: okay girl  you are one of the craziest girls that i know  you are so outgoing and hilarious and you made me and mom laugh so much at the movies that time """
i'm so ready for this semester to be over  i just don't care anymore 
is sad because her observation is complete and she's going to miss her little kindergartners terribly!  sad 
i don't even know how i'm functioning this late into the day with only four hours of sleep 
woot! no more classes this semester!!!  laugh  now the question is - general admission or stadium???
" laugh  i am officially going to the avenged sevenfold concert in huntington with <propfirst> bellew , jaron <propfirst> , and <propfirst> <propmale> bunner !!!!! hopefully the boys can protect me from all the moshers and crowd surfers      i almost got killed at rotr by a big goth chick      laugh "
on my ipod!!!!!!  smile 
is angreh at <propfirst> bellew  because he says she can't have a pet monkey!!!  annoyed 
my cream cheese is frozen      annoyed 
"okay, that's it - i'm transferring to some college in the tropics!"
i now have a <propfirst> bieber poster hanging in my dorm room  please don't ask - just blame <propfirst> <propmale> bunner
"every time i listen to skillet, i fall in love with them more and more    love  have to go see them live again, this time with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> nightfaire  "
"   i'm not really sure what i'm doing right now, but it's definitely not writing my history paper    "
today has been    interesting  smile 
finally home for christmas!! time to spend time with the ones i love!  love 
" love  remember when we'd    stay up late and we'd talk all night, in the dark room lit by the tv light, for all the hard times in my life, those nights kept me alive   love "
going to beckley with <propfirst> bellew  - if he ever finishes getting ready!
just checked my grades - 4 0 - this will make my christmas even merrier  smile 
yay - just got an early christmas present  new touch screen cell and we now have unlimited texting  laugh 
"christmas <propfemale>  laugh  but not only is it christmas <propfemale> - it's also my most amazing boyfriend, <propfirst> bellew 's birthday!  love "
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everyone!
been a terrific christmas so far  but i think it's time for bed now  have a great christmas!!!
terrific <propfirst>tmas! now i'm keeping <propfirst> hostage!
straightened my hair for the first time in ages - and i'm amazed at how long it is   smile 
"so here i am with tons of rock music on my ipod, getting pumped about an a7x concert that i'm going to in a few weeks, and all i have listened to for days is <propfirst> swift    "
"so after having my ipod for a week now, i am sure of two things  itunes sucks - did when i had my old ipod, does now, and always will  and the genius playlist thing isn't so genius "
my brother takes longer baths than any female i know  which equals cold water  which equals grumpy <propfemale>  annoyed 
how is it that such a small dog can get me and everything else completely soaked when i bath him?
so jaron has a new puppy  i think it's about time that i got that monkey i wanted     laugh 
"it's kinda pathetic  that i'm upset that i received an extra scholarship, but with the way concord is, that means it'll lower my grants and i'll probably end up owing them more money than i did initially   troubled "
"ugh, college next week  rawr "
anyone else have educ 319?
on my way to <propfemale> garden in a few! if <propfirst> ever finishes getting ready 
had a terrific birthday  thanks for all the birthday wishes - i am blessed to be surrounded by such incredible people!  love 
frozen orange juice and almond milk  yay   annoyed 
"and after 4 hours of being stuck on 77 and taking a detour, i am home"
"if jaron <propfirst> would try out for american idol, he'd be one of those they'd air on tv for everyone to get a laugh out of "
terrific night - hollywood undead was amazing and a7x was absolutely beautifully wonderful  now it's time for bed
will be heading back to college once <propfirst> is finished getting ready    slow boyfriend  annoyed 
looks like another year of rotr for me!!!!!!!!  smile 
"the weekend    time to relax and have fun, right? but no, not for me  so much to do, so many projects and assignments that must be done when all i want to do is spend time with those that iove "
rawr     stupid apps  definitely don't think that those people have been stalking my photos 
"i am sick  i am exhausted  i need to catch up on my sleep  i should not go to my 8am class tomorrow, but i will feel guilty if i don't    "
i'm sorry but i seriously cannot believe people are actually pumped about this <propfirst> bieber movie    
it's official  second year of rotr and taking my dear ones to a concert this summer  sounds great  smile 
wedding in a little more than 4 hours - time for my hectic day to truly begin  smile 
wedding was beautiful!! now we are concord bound
i wish i had my car up here    i'd be at pipestem right now     sad 
so beautiful outside  and i'm stuck in class until 5  sad 
my dog likes fun dip!  smile 
blah  berkey paper   annoyed 
sleepy  counting down the days until spring break  smile 
i can see my future now  children's books scattered everywhere  the house a mess and filled to the brim with stuff for my class  me up until the late hours making last minute changes to lesson plans and creating stuff for lesson activities  stressful? yes  worth it? absolutely  smile 
"ugh, terrific! how in the heck am i supposed to fix this???"
over an hour left of work and there is absolutely nothing to be done 
"it's friday, classes are cancelled, i don't have to work today, we actually have an excuse to go get some decent food, and i get to see <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> nightfaire today! doesn't get much better than this "
"had an amazing time hanging out with zeemostawesome people in the world - <propfirst> bellew, <propfirst> <propmale>, and <propfemale> nightfaire!"
"blah  fun weekend so far, but next week is looming ahead - lesson plans and tests and quizzes, oh my!"
blah  nasty weather  annoyed 
definitely a rent a movie and cuddle up to my baby kinda day  laugh 
hmm    i vote that spring break starts now!
spring break is so so so close!! why can't i fast forward to friday??
dumb fire alarms    
time to get this assignment finished so i can get into bed  one class tomorrow and then work for 2 hours and then spring break!  laugh 
"i feel that i have to make this statement  facebook friends, please learn proper grammar  i know i'm not perfect - no one is  but some people seriously missed something in elementary school    "
"finally! a week of relaxing, hanging with family, and    a lot of homework    "
"the more i listen to these bands, the more excited i get about rotr  it's gonna be absolutely incredible"
getting ready to head out with some awesome people  smile 
going to see beastly with my baby!  laugh 
beastly was amazing!! but seriously - the guy is so much more attractive when he's supposed to be ugly    
grrrrr rain  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr car   sad 
lame cold nasty rain snow all week long!!! that's okay because i'm headed to <propfemale> in a week where it is 70 degrees  laugh 
take a dangerous journey across sewell bridge? check  e playful lore an old abandoned house that is miraculously still standing? check  climb onto a stopped train? check  jump in front of a moving train? check   laugh 
"dear college, please go away "
eating a luncheable while i study for a berkey quiz   smile 
going to bed at1??? i am overwhelmed with joy that i'm going to sleep this early   laugh 
is so thankful that all none of the classes i need next semester overlapped  i'll be able to graduate when i want  laugh 
people's pointless complaints honestly do make me laugh  don't complain of something that you put yourself into    laugh 
so beautiful outside!  laugh 
"in 12 hours or less, i'll be on my way to <propfemale>  gonna be a busy evening  laugh "
   maybe i should just ignore this fire alarm 
"in <propfemale>  long drive and got sick, but i did see a dead armadillo!  smile "
today's a lazy kind of day   smile 
"it's a beautiful day! and for once, i'm not gonna let anything or anybody ruin that  laugh "
math 305 has to be the biggest waste of my time ever 
the fact that i don't have history class has made my day so much more pleasant!  laugh 
grrr    why must i be an overachiever and a procrastinator?? the two do not mix well together!
jury duty again???? what the heck?!?!?
it's so cold! what happened??  sad 
i'm so confused about when i have to take the praxis  everyone keeps telling me completely different things     sad 
blah   sad 
mcdonald's sounds really good right about now    
stressful day of a stressful week of a stressful month of a stressful semester??? definitely means a mcdonald's break!
got in to all of my classes!  laugh  all 21 hours     laugh 
"i personally believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this "
"dear berkey paper, go away  and don't come back "
"little brother shakes dog to where it makes funny noises  little brother quits for a minute, then says \i like that noise  \"" and proceeds to shake havok  anyone else think that jaron is being abusive????"""
"lol, controversial questions on facebook! yay!"
"being somewhat productive  considering my usual choice of procrastination, this is a big step for me   smile "
"so <propfirst> said that education majors are weird  i asked him why and he replied \you guys are just so    teacher-ish!\"""""
"beautiful outside! hmmm, pipestem with <propfirst> bellew later  he has no idea, but we are going!"
