c5b3ca2f84d1db692a2af623f4b665cf
"i am seriously laughing at the comments lines guys use and e playful ect females to fall for  wait, no i am not  i am insulted that guys would e playful ect me to fall for something so foolish  where do they think i was educated? are there ladies really listening to this and believing this????? i am clueless "
"my old cell is officially shut off  thank god, i was getting tired of walking around with two cell phones  if anyone wants the # and i haven't given it to them yet, message me  i have been really busy and apologize  i have had a lot of meetings at work and other prior obligations to handle, so the switch has been slow "
"got back to the city and the burbs  it didn't take long at all, just travel time  next tragedy? my cell has been froze on facebook since 3am  pretty convenient! took everything i had not to throw my cell out the window  who said i couldn't control my temper? really, i am like 2 minutes from deleting my fb account, never had probs with myspace ever and prefer that site  so just thinkin    "
"i had a sparking wire outside my bedroom window lastnight from 7pm on  power was fading in and out  had about 2 hrs of sleep and when i woke up it was too quiet and dark  the lovely electric company still hadn't been there, the fire dept had, the wire was down (at the entrance to my building), & my head was pounding   let's just say i had to call into work this morning, the prob still isn't fixed "
"okay, i had a serious attitude adjustment  it just took driving down a couple of streets and a certain alley, while listening to some really good music  past memories flooded my mind  it reminded me of exactly where i am at  that i was the one that made the choice to be right where i am  nobody else chose this for me, but me  it is a lot easier to deal with things from that aspect wink "
"how come the same people always resurface at the wrong time?!?!?!?!?!?!?! it is always with the same events, circumstances remain the same, & i am sure the same attachments!"
tomorrow is another day with some more great adventures  pllllleeeeeeaaaaassseeeee don't let it be another one like today!
i am really glad that i have some strong people in my life  their strengths and passion really inspire  some people go throughout their entire life only existing  other people are out there in the world getting things done  i admire the passion & the fire that burns alive inside of these achievers 
questioning the motives of some people      but aren't all decisions based upon character? they are in my world 
"i guess sometimes alls we can do is take one day at a time  through the storms of life, as we are trying to figure things out, we find out who we are, and who our true friends are  some beautiful, faithful, & loyal people have proven themselves lately  i ran into some old friends and really can't stop smiling  i am taking life one step at a time with my head held high, because there is no other way to live "
"another work day down, two more to go  i am being optimistic about having to work this weekend  at least i work with some great people  if you can't have the day off, ya might as well laugh, right?"
"monday down, just have tuesday to go, & i can't wait for wednesday!"
hope everyone had a wonderful holiday with their loved ones!!!!
had a great time ending 2010 with some of my fav people  happy 2011 everyone! enjoy 
"this weekend is all about right here, right now, and occassionally considering the next 6-9 months  hmmmm     big job, but someone's gotta do it!"
had an absolutely wonderful time last night  i should have known that no one was going to let let me just cancel my birthday  my dad finally met my best friend's husband after all these years  the first man my dad has accepted that i have introduced him to happens to be my best friend's husband  that is hilarious 
fri night was great & so was sat night  so the tradition lives on  celebrating in a way i have never done before  what will the plans be next yr? hmmmm     that depends on the city i live in       that would be something new altogether 
there must be sunshine outside            i caught myself listening to diamonds & pearls by <propmale> with my sun roof down     lol!  wink 
didn't really spend the day the way i wanted  it was too cold to take my nephew to the park in grand haven  he didn't seem to mind  he wanted chuckee cheese until he saw starbucks & it was like a light shining from heaven showing him the way  he did manage to swindle some freezer jam from my best friend though  what a ladies man!
"i think i have been waiting for this weekend all my life         sure seems like it anyways  nine days without a \real\"" day off is way too much """
"i decided to laugh my way through everything, because at this point it really couldn't hurt         and then      i get more news, and more info, and these facts are really starting to make me question things????????"
"i see many changes happening in the following months  not that there haven't been many already, but many more to come  excited for some and not so happy about others  i have always dealt well with change     just don't tell anybody "
"survived yet another day at work, whew! it was a close one  just in time to go see dr house  yup, skeetown has their very own dr house  one more crazy day of work & then i have the weekend off  let the countdown begin!"
slept in late today        really needed it  thinking about taking the girls to see the allegros  the day is open full of possibilities and i feel completely amazing!  wink 
"enjoying the beautiful sunshine, glistening on the lake  the gentle breeze blowing through the dunes is perfect  can't wait to get out there again, in this fabulous weather       almost didn't check my fb        almost      "
"if anyone is trying to reach me, my cell is not working right  it seriously has it's own personality  started with internet service, text, contacts, sims card, then my phone started to shut itself on & off  taking battery & sims out doesn't help      if ya need me, ya know where i live        everyone else, if i am mia, it is cuz i don't have your # anymore!"
hope everyone had a beautiful easter and found the joy & blessings of family & friends!
"i really dislike days when i have soooo much to do! wait, i always have soooo much to do!!!!"
i think i live for the weekends!
"it amazes me that with all the wildlife we have in this subburban city, that turkeys can hold up a 4 <propfirst> road! me? i am laying on my horn long before i ever slam on the brakes!! so then, the rest of traffic follows me       now we are talking rocket science wink !"
"considering i wasn't able to take my vacation, i got the next best thing          a day off where i could finally go shopping! just trying to unwind after an extremely busy day "
i am sooooooo happy that i finally got my second shift position!!!!! feels like i have been waiting forever  this is such a breath of fresh air   smile 
completely excited about having the weekend off  i wonder if i am going to be able to do all i want  too bad there are only 24 hrs in a day!
"i don't think we realize how much the past influences who we are, the way we think, or the people that it leads you to  some people make an impression that lasts a lifetime  true love is loving the person through the flaws right where they are  that love is so powerful that it can literally change a person "
what a gorgeous day! went down by the lake at the old bronson park & climbed the stairs a few times  it was so refreshing 
let's just say that today was a pretty crazy day! with all the craziness it didn't turn out too bad though 
wondering why some people have to play games & try to manipulate other people in their lives 
how many more days til i am done with first shift?????? 1!
tomorrow starts my life on second shift          well really today  kinda excited 
i think i just might like 2nd shift         hmmmmmm?
"thinking as it gets warmer, i need to go outta town & spend quality time with my sister  road trips????? anybody?????"
"love being on 2nd  hasn't even been a week & i am already working ot  at this rate, i should be caught up with my bills by? the time i retire! ugh!!! thank god for movie night  time to relax & unwind  did i mention i love 2nd shift???  wink "
"gotta luv facebook, spent almost my entire break reading  my notifications   just so important to see who commented on what status! lol     there r children starving in africa & <propfemale> & i am worried about everyone's status!!! hmmm     "
wanting to know why the night usually ends with me & guns n roses? usually <propfemale> or don't cry      hmmmmmm?
wondering why what you want is usually the worst thing for you? playlist now includes 3 doors down & blue october     huhggggg!!!
can't believe it went from 50 degrees to full blown summer!
"i love the sunshine & the smell of the flowers, don't get me wrong  my prob is i feel like someone took me from alaska & threw me in the desert!"
"i kinda swam in lake michigan today  it was completely against my will, but the water was warmer than i have ever known it to be this early in the season "
everyone please pray for my mamma          she is having surgery tomorrow      thanx!
"the surgon said my mom's surgery went well & she is in recovery  so far, so good        except the last last time around she didn't have any complications until recovery  we are not in the clear just yet  thanx all for prayers & concern "
"my mama is home & her hubby has tucked her in for the night  i have never seen the look of fear in my step-dad's eyes the way i did today  lets see how the night goes considering she hasn't taken any pain pills yet & won't till she can't tolerate the pain  i never call her mama unless i am sick or she is sick  thanks again for the prayers, concern, & comfort "
"what a busy day! i just wanted to sleep in & catch up on sleep  however, my employer had different plans for me   smile "
got some issues  resolved & slept considerably better last night  loving the sunshine & almost ready to take on the world      well one coffee cup at a time  a girl knows her limitations!
can somebody tell this weather forecast that this is just not gonna work in my life right now  winter clothes & fuzzy socks have been put up for about a week  they are patiently waiting for next season  is there someone i can talk to!??!
"can't wait for 11: 15! don't know why i am sooooo impatient tonight, but i am "
so happy to see friday! especially when i have the weekend off!!! busy weekend planned ahead  pretty sure i can handle it   wink 
"had a pretty good day  sometimes, somethings just take awhile to get used to "
"to all the daddys of the world, happy father's day!"
busy weekend     can't i just relax a little bit?!
work tomorrow            let the fun begin!
thanking god for days off & a breath of fresh air!  smile 
"you fear the same as every man  you fear testing your faith, because it means testing the most high  deep in your heart you fear he will fail  if he fails, you are utterly alone in this life and beyond; there is nothing you can believe in anymore "
looking forward to having a good day off tomorrow  hmmmmmm? just what to do?
sometimes the  path we have chosen is just a reaction to another person's decisions
"please, please don't rain tomorrow! you can rain any other day, just not tomorrow "
"it is so hard to start a monday when i had such a wonderful weekend! got some shopping done  the fun kind  seriously luv when i find a good sale  now i am stuck on reality, living in monday "
i must have bitten my lip while i was sleeping  i woke up with a fat lip  it looks like i got botox done on half my lip!
my cats are eating rice  krispies  the cereal itself without sugar or milk  i  won't even eat cereal  they are such carb junkies! they also like popcorn & french fries from bk  their firstlove: fish; after that carbs 
seriously thinking people should be required to take an iq test b4 they get their driver's lisc!
really enjoyed catching up with friends & my fav birthday girl!
"watched shutter island & figured it out within 10 <propfemale> of  watching it  probably would have been a good suspense thriller if i didn't know the plot  it kinda re<propfemale>ded me of that movie with <propmale> hanks & the volleyball   the one he kept talking to the entire movie      oh yeah, cast away  go figure, now that was great dialogue!  wink "
<propfemale> had to wake up ewok  now the whole house is up & i have only had 2hrs sleep  uggghhh!
been waiting for friday all week long  fridays are always better when it is your day off!
what a beautiful night  enjoying the wind & even saw a shooting <propfemale>!  smile 
just got back from michigan's adventure         had a great time & am completely exhausted 
"couldn't sleep this morn, so i went shopping  bought the girls their \surfer girls\"" backpacks  they r pretty excited  now i am at work counting down the hrs """
ewok is already up & in attack mode  thinking someone slipped her some mountain dew when i wasn't looking  could just be revenge for me clipping those killer claws  wondering if i will get any peace before i go to work 
thinking there is not enough coffee in the world to pry open these eyes!
"had a really good day off today  spent some quality time with my gramma  <propfirst> & i tried to catch the sunset, but it just didn't happen  everytime we try to catch the sunrise or sunset, it doesn't work out  i am never late for anything      just can't seem to catch the sun!"
"just found out that my sister's mom passed away  my sister, her other sisters, & my beautiful niece are going to need extra prayers  she was a strong women that never lost her humor battling multiple chronic diseases   i admire her dedication & love for her family  she was very sweet & courageous  there were not many souls like her & she will be greatly missed "
"soooo happy to see september! sept is my fav month  temps start to cool off, but the lake is warm enough to swim in  there is a soft breeze & color starts to paint the landscape  you are caught between two worlds; summer with a little splash of color "
hates paying bills  thinks the utility company should give me a discount for good behavior while standing in such a long line!
"had a pretty good night  going to try to catch up on the book i am reading  the more i read it, the more it reminds me off lost  never thought anything could jump around more than lost            well i think i've found it "
woke up to find ewok had run off with my watch- again  searched the entire apt b4 my first cup of coffee  now that is ruff  trying  to get the day back on track listening to daughtry & getting ready 
"visiting at my mom's & my step-dad is listening to disco! wondering where the disco ball is & about ready to do some disco moves!!! lol        wait, i think i forgot my bellbottoms at home! he is hilarious; i love that man "
always said the problem  with michigan is it's too hot in the summer & too cold in the winter  thinking i need to rethink that quote  it's not even fall & i am pretty  sure i have icicles already!!! brrr!
"i am a simple kind of a girl  i don't need the world, just the ones i love in it "
god has his plans for a reason  i am soooo glad he has intervened in my life!
with the breeze blowing it was gorgeous outside       then it had to      rain? where is the irony here?? i guess there won't be a sunset tonight 
i don't want september to end  it has been such a good month  reminds me why sept is my fav month  can oct even compare or compete?
"first day on the lockdown unit  buh-bye <propfemale>, i will miss you  hmmmmm, still deciding if i like it  at least it is something new for a quick moment "
got 2morrow off      hmmmmm        now thinking about what i wanna do 
i guess i am going to become better acquainted with my elliptic trainer  i wanna lose 30lbs by <propfirst> 1   i have only lost 30 lbs in the last 11 months  which  took way too long  need to step my game up a bit & make up for lost time 
"who needs ambien? the last 2 days i have worked out so hard that by the time i go to sleep, i am knocked out for the count  i never sleep that hard! lol"
just have friday to work & the weekend belongs to me! can't wait 
"my mom asked my nephew what he wanted for dinner  his reply: \starbucks doughnuts \"" of coarse she yelled at me because it is my fault he is a starbucks junkie   wink """
you know that you have had a good weekend when you are still recovering on tuesday  maybe god invented work days for rejuvenation?!  smile 
i believe in fairytales  real life fairytales are sooo much better than the imagined  i believe in happily ever after because i am proof it does exist 
serious dislikes:being cold  gotta love michigan weather  how many layers do you really need??? hmmmmm!
"wishing i was at home enjoying some games & hiking  instead, work owns me for the next 4 hrs  i really don't think it is fair that healthcare employees have to work weekends    no i am not whining       promise!  wink "
"can't wait for the weekend  yup, counting down already!"
"frusterated because the gym didn't have to offer what i wanted  yup, i wanted a specific something  next step: tae kwon do  please have what i want!  smile "
guess you never really know how late you stayed up     until  you wake up the next morning 
"don't know what i dreamed last night, but it must have been good  woke up on cloud 9 & my migraine is gone "
<propfirst> took me to lotus garden in grandville  i think i have found my fav asian restaurant in west mi  also saw the movie red  what a great day!  schedule for tomorrow: back to work  hoping that my good friday gets me thru the weekend   smile 
did i ever mention how much i hate squats & lunges??! ugh    
it was absolutely beautiful outside           until the neighbors powerline started sparking!
had a wonderful day off yesterday  hurry up & get me through this week so i can have my weekend!  smile 
"i am freezing  wow, this gives cold a new definition!"
it is only tuesday & has been such a busy week already  the rest of the week doesn't slow down either  had to get up really early just to make sure i could vote  hope the coffee gets me thru the mandatory meeting!
it's snowing???!
locked my keys in my suv        patiently waiting for my stepdad to get back into town so i can get back in my apt        fun!
home sweet home  never been so happy to be home!
what a beautiful day!
i am one of those people that doesn't believe in decorating for christmas until turkey day  so what am i doing putting up christmas decorations at work that say <propfemale> christmas???
wondering why ewok (my cat) has a fleece fetish???
"happy thanksgiving everyone! i will be at work, but am thankful i have christmas & new year's <propfemale> off!!  smile "
since my cell won't stop vibrating       i think that is my cue to start the coffee pot  can't starbucks just deliver???! three hrs of sleep? starbucks better deliver!
<propfirst> took me to see the <propfemale> di exhibit & then to get some seafood in gr  it quickly became my fav restaurant  i love days like this  especially days that we both have off from work  that hardly ever happens 
<propfirst> & i will be spending <propfirst>tmas weekend in detroit      soooo excited!  smile 
kinda funny        who you run into & where 
pretty optimistic about today  guess ya have to be with the weekend right there!
wondering why my dvd player always switches itself to spanish?? hmmmm     seems like my electronics are always harassing me! can't they play nice?!
it has been a busy day already & it is just getting started     
i can't wait for christmas! i haven't been this excited about christmas since      ummm      i was a kid 
getting things ready for my trip to detroit  wondering if sleep is on the agenda       hmmmm?
<propfemale> christmas everyone & happy birthday baby jesus!
"after an amazing weekend, i am transitioning back into the regular routine  did i ever mention that i have such a wonderful family?"
"because of the negative hype of new years resolutions, i made a \new years agenda\""  already not liking the list & then i have to be so legalistic    uggghhh!  maybe next yr i'll do an easy one like not whining?"""
if there is one thing i have learned: let god be your arbitrator  i am not afraid to say what needs to be said    i just have a way of making a person angry while doing it  god has a tendency to change a man's heart  god's method has more desirable results 
sometimes a sister knows you better than you know yourself      ok so maybe she knows your heart & can read between  everything  she knows what you really meant to say when words fail you 
watched takers last night & it was good     anything with <propfirst> <propmale>!  smile 
hmmm     seriously thought i had heard it all & then      really?!?!
today is the day that my cat decided to sneak out  i didn't know she was even out until 3 minutes later i heard her howling at the door  i feel like such a bad mom!
maybe having a meeting after work isn't such a  bad idea      hoping the roads will be a little more clearer 
heading north on 31 & traffic has       stopped! ugghhhh!!!
i need an exit now!!!!
"really dislikes when people say things in a fit of anger  you may not be angry anymore, but your words have been spoken  some  things you can't take back & i can't forget "
