6a916f8d69ac6f1a1dd56c8d919d1b1f
is being a huge geek - drinking tea & printing roleplaying material - yay
showering and then going to roar around in my bug
is going to workie workie
is making a difficult decision
setting up a music room at my parent's shop  laugh 
"just rocked the reservoir with a friend, a couple beers, and a rowboat - hell yes!"
has been making music like crazy
is chillin & listening to buckethead (yes!)
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and i  it can be anything you want, either good or bad  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what"
is burnin his face off with tea
is messing with computer stuff 
just got done rocking the world at band practice and is getting ready for a roadtrip starting tomorrow!  laugh 
"hanging out in bellingham with my friend <propfirst> in bellingham, wa  what a trip - hooray for rain, lol"
chilling and messing with internet crap - stumbled upon is pretty rad!
"and starcraft is pretty rad, too  playful "
is just chilling
is hanging out playing his guitar
is messing around with a wah pedal    at 2 in the morning   erm   
just discovered ima robot!
is heading to band practice and is going to buy roof caulking
beer is good
is wanting to travel again - arg!
is no longer avoiding his dishes
needs to chill out
cake or death?!?
has had his mirror broken by a surfboard - really
is hanging watching <propfirst> izzard (yay!)
is listening to <propfemale> moore - meltdown (yay!)
beer is good
is sad cause he will miss the band  crying 
is hanging out listening to pelican  they totally rock my socks off!!!
is very sad - blew a tire on the rv which may ruin my plans to move as replacements are e playful ensive and obscure and should be replaced in sets    arg! fml
"if anyone has any decent 8 00r16 5 tires that i can buy, that would be freakin awesome   "
is seeing how many beans he has 
is getting ready for his trip!!! hopefully the rv will not self-destruct on the freeway haha
just drove like 4000 hours to washington in the rv!
"is in washington now, adjusting to life in the rain - and yes, the rv made it  although speaking of self destructing, the window in the overhead bed section broke at some point  yay - glass everywhere!"
muneee!
just donated plasma   it was the first time a needle has been in me that i can remember   
munee is good
is verrry tired
is starting a new job tomorrow (crosses fingers) and is wasting away the evening avoiding dishes and messing around on the computer  playful 
counting my beans
just had an awesome day in the park and am going to probably chill and listen to aria and play fable ii
is listening to <propfirst> <propfirst> batio  life is good 
bacardi and mountain dew voltage - yum yum yum
is tired from work - going to shower and relax
just finally figured out how to play a riff from a freaking awesome song by the russian heavy metal band ???? on his guitar!!!    and is now listening to buckethead     brain humming with energy and happiness   yay!
is rocking his gitfiddle
"is saying goodbye to all his friends and family  it has been really nice getting to know you all and i will miss you very much  i love you all, and am bidding this world goodbye  i just downloaded world of warcraft        bye!"
"is saying goodbye to all his friends and family  it has been really nice getting to know you all and i will miss you very much  i love you all, and am bidding this world goodbye  i just downloaded world of warcraft   goodbye "
"oh my god, wow is freaking huge! updating     updating               deleting stuff to make room      more updating     "
"is pissed of at linux right now, and needs to have a cookie"
is cleaning his rv - just got the piping for the external propane tank hooked up and sealed his windows too  woot!
's fridge in his rv is working now!!! yay!!!
"is shleepy - almost fell asleep while watching steamboy (which is awesome, btw!)"
just finished watching heavy metal for the first time - pretty darn sweet 
yaystayinguplateandihaveworktomorrowwhydoidothishahahayay!
just got home from work - now going to relax & go grocery shopping later
pelican is the most awesome band ever!
   being lazy on a saturday
relaxing and going to watch anchorman and play around with linux for a while (just installed fedora 11)
 sad 
is messing around with dos and dosbox and cadd 6 and a bunch of other wierd stuff
feels like he was hit by a truck today - tea not helping  sad 
up at 1 smile 0 on a work night listening to metallica - oh yah
arg my neck feels like it's broken in half
just bought a guitar on ebay - yay!    now i get to wait for forever until it gets here
my legs hurt
is tired from overtime   but moneys are good
is trying to be motivated to work saturday
"god! i'm always just complaining on this thing!    i am glad for my new doner computer and excited to play with my old k'nex set! there, thats much better "
"i feel like a doctor that just got done with a moderatly successful surgery   on a computer, though"
is going to be tired at the end of this week
eating yogurt
is wistfull   
and it's raining like a mofo
omg adobe i really don't care about you wanting to install an update for the chinese language package if you're going to interrupt my printing of insurance cards   !!!
all your beer are belong to us
is interested in hanging out with real people for once
music   
late happy thanksgiving everyone
is now learning the violin!!!
it puts the lotion on it's skin
"i don't want to work tomorrow - i want to be outside in the sun, even if it is cold "
misses his old friends in missoula right now
   and his old friends in the flathead
my grandpa passed away today  sad 
snowezzzz in bellingham  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"is tired, but happy"
needs to get going for the day but doesn't want to move   
is sitting at home reflecting on the most wonderful person ever
is opening up a new chapter in his life - this is amazing - i feel like i can finally be the person i really am - uninhibited  and it's awesome!
"god, do i want pizza and have to pee - but this bed is too comfortable to me   "
is learning to grow
has some self examination to do - and not the kind they teach you about in health class   
is tired   of some things
is bored out of his skull
2011 - la de fricken da
is resting at home now after the best trip ever to see the most amazing person in the world!  laugh 
is making <propmale> and cheese and organizing his life   
's back hurts - needs some serious fingertip action
slept in way too late again today   
is doing the dishes   
thinks he may have a sore throat coming on     sad 
cake is the best band ever
"god, i can't wait to see her again  smile "
is finally home with a full tummy reflecting on a special person  love 
is paying bills chilling and listening to wolfmother - f yes!
 love 
   is tired of people who are oblivious
is examining his new state of emotions - life does wierd things to you sometimes
people just need to stop talking and learn to listen sometimes
is going to go change his car's oil while listening to disturbed - life is good
is home eating <propmale> n cheese
is finally home - tired and full of things to think about
is feeling drawn thin -  need to play music
 screams
is home: tired and hungry
is pretending to do taxes
just did his taxes  i need to work more   
is scrambling to get stuff together to show his <propfemale>  laugh 
is trying to remember everything he was going to do today   
has been playing around making his computer purty  laugh 
worrying about a special someone  love 
is listening to <propfemale>'s resteraunt!!!  laugh 
is trying to rest his mind by playing music    need to get off the computer i guess lol
is chilling to led zepplin thinking of <propfemale>  love 
is freaking out on gran turismo 4  laugh 
yay - relaxing to wingnut valvestem and playing gt4 - life is good
* joyful * - serene
is surprised at being tired and worn out - and can't wait for tomorrow to get here 
is watching family guy and thinking of his <propfemale> (whom he misses terribly dx )
has a bunch of crap to do
has a toothache and a headache and has to work tomorrow at 6 - hooray for painkillers!
stuck online again arg - turning around to continue cleaning the rv now   
"is slowly drifting off to sleep listening to <propfirst> satriani melt my face off with riffs of godliness, reflecting on <propfemale>    life is good       joyful "
is feelin' pretty awesome
'searching' by <propfirst> satriani is caressing my ears  joyful 
is having an epic time with <propfemale> playing video games and eating food  joyful 
also incidentally is loving this laptop - thank you <propfirst>!
is fixing windows on michelles computer in preperation for wow  joyful 
stupid cars
has a bunch of crap to do and yet again am on facebook hoooray
happy zombie jesus day!
d-runk
eeeeeeee!  laugh 
is riding on a train to montana - and on facebook lol - aparrently this means i'm a fag  see you guys sunday morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"in <propfirst> city, staying at dad's   joyful  enjoying seeing people again"
war pigs
thinking about doing some housekeeping on my friends list    
haha i just vampired the crap out of a caprisun
getting tired and missing my darling terribly
the goal of every organism is to take over the world 
"\you drive me crazy with your little pecker kisses \""     it's amazing what kind of stupid crap sounds normal until you say it out loud    """
i am tired    playing too much flyff lol
iscream
freaking champions of norrath won't work on either of the ps2's dx - and the disk is clean! wtf?
omg! - i just discovered odwalla's superfood! it's like drinking heaven - if heaven looks like strange diarrhea anyways     >_>
*yawn*  rubs eyes - i love the weekend ^^
need to take out the trash
"my taco is angry, too"
"i'm a loser, baby, just checking my facebook   "
in montana!!! ^ ^
munchkins is the best game ever! > smile 
"18 wheels of steel is the lamest excuse for a trucking game ever - it has some great features, but when i can't freakin drive without the graphics stalling and surging it becomes a pain dx"
hrm - i turn my attention away from flyff and it happens to be 1 surprise 0 in the morning    where has the time gone? > >
"now i can see why all my gamer friends use steam    supreme commander 2 on sale for 10 99    o, how you tempt me! - -"
i am the cult of personality
mowed with a riding mower for like 3 hours - it was pretty sweet  joyful 
god i hate not having money - $4 00 in the checking account  annoyed  freakin bills and crap rgh
omg  <propfemale> just compared playing flyff to smoking  i'm starting to get nervous about playing this game too much  it's starting to reach video crack status (o)_(0)
shleep     ^ - ^
up at 2 smile 0 am    playing flyff and listening to <propfemale> in chains    life is good  laugh dd
dr's offices are llllllame - -
my teeth hate me
i don't know who would find this interesting but i was just clipping my toenails and the cat was watching intently and then she got this freaked out look on her face once she realized the nail was coming off and she abruptly got up and left as if she just couldn't deal with it    wierd   
man beast   
frs energy drinks are awesome!! found it with <propfemale> at cost cutters a week or two ago - freakin epic!
swallow sadness
sulfuric acid
i don't wanna!
finally got the window for the rv cut down to size ^^ - now to change the oil in the car 
is thinking about how his actions affect the people around him    :[
"movies, wine, flyff, munchkins, snuggles, and more flyff    weekends are awesome!"
"hooray looking for a doctor dentist, etc  counting how many beans i have left    dx"
i want to build things
screams
getting ready for the trip to kettle falls campground for 4th of july! ^^
ever notice how the rear end of a cat looks like a furby cyclops with lemon juice in it's eye?
"back home  stiff, sore and worn out, but clean, tired, and ready for bed - and work tomorrow"
well went to the eye doctor finally and got a new prescription set up    *sigh* dentist is tomorrow    :[
playing flyff and listening to flight of the conchords  joyful  god life is freakin awesome
one of these days i still need to see boondock saints
just spent the afternoon working on fixing a whole score of little problems on the car and getting a crappy working radio into the car - at least i have something in it now lol ^^ and it's clean again!  laugh 
is enjoying a nice cool bowl of freezer-burnt icecream ^^
arg - i want to fix something! but i'm not sure i want to jump into either of the xbox's at the moment and the windows  playful  torrent isn't finished yet so i can't fix the laptop yet either  rrrgh!  sad 
i hope that with all the dental floss i throw away that some of it has strangled at least a couple seagulls over the years        goddamn seagulls    - -
"this is why i hate using cd-r's that are blank, but have been floating around the house for a while      \cannot find [insert filename here]  please make sure the cd is in the drive\"" fml"""
i'm so fking hungry omg
swallow sadness
is snuggling on <propfemale> watching family guy ^^
going camping at probably <propmale> falls state park tonight! got the tent and everything ready ^^
studying for a placement test at btc   
"got an innertube for <propfemale>'s new bike, am trying to fix the laptop atm - - freakin windows   , going to eat some food and shower and then sweet glorious shleeeeep"
all registered for school! ^^
finally getthing the other laptop fixed *sigh* - listening to justice 
gurgle
's stomach is going to burst from his abdomen and eat everything in sight   
just put a mini fridge in the rabbit!  laugh ddddddd
"trying to find a power-off time delay relay for the fridge in the car > > wiring projects are fun! - btw if someone has an old laptop working or not that they need to get rid of at some point, i might be interested"
wow  i'm totally re-learning spanish from a 10 year old kid on flyff  > >
rrrrgh! @ o
just went on a bike ride with <propfemale>  now i need to find some beer and a cool spot by some water for us to share  joyful 
spent the morning making pancakes shaped like private parts  laugh 
nooooooo! the weekend can't be over x'(
relaxing ^^
paperwork rrrgh    > sad 
managed to get all the accounts set up in microsoft money while mindless self-indulgence was playing  i think this is some sort of accomplishment lol
installing starcraft 2    rrrgh this is taking forever!
fanta (don't ya wanna)
just installed speakers in the rabbit earlier ^^
"just got a rotten molar pulled - it's so gross  starting to hurt  please, vicodin, please kick in sooon!  sad "
my freaking face hurts dx
freakin weekend!!!
giant dream cars - like a 1977 <propmale> town car or a 1973 cadillac sedan deville - purrrrrrr  joyful 
is feeling sick dx
slept in a lllot today - and <propfemale> made me soup! i'm feeling pretty good ^^
just bought shadow of the colossus for ps2! i've never heard of it but it looks fing awesome! - biblical awesome!  laugh 
creating a budget    erg  time to be responsible if i ever want to go to school and have kids   
haha now i'm on facebook with my phone like the rest of you fags
i'm totally listening to arabian music and stuff on pandora - it's freakin awesome
"just once i'd love to see someone holding a sign at an intersection that says \it's hot out and i just want to buy some beer\""  i'd actually give that guy money """
i'm eating the most epic soup in the world that <propfemale> made for me and i'm sitting listening to deftones with her watching her play evony  life is good   joyful 
"the offspring are such a good band, gone away just smashes my heart to pieces every time i hear it  just punches me repeatedly in the face  good music is a treasure "
so freakin bored
going to work  playful 
almost home from work  joyful 
"well, just glued the wing window to the metal pivots on the rabbit - except i think it's off  and the glue is set too much to change it  and now i have to wait 15 minutes to find out if i'm totally effed or not     suspense    dx"
is reading original andersen's <propfemale> tales - so fkd up!  laugh  people getting their heads lopped off and stuff - freakin awesome!
getting tired - playing with voice generators making sick sick audio clips  laugh  i think stuff like this kills magical creatures and goodness > >
hella bored  need something fun to do that doesn't cost money  sad  thinking about walking around the mall or downtown  need something new to see   
installing deus ex - never played before - but may go to town in a bit anyways
"finally got to play fallen earth, even though my laptop barely runs it  it's freaking awesome! - albiet a bit laggy due to me having only half the ram called for in the minimum system requirements > >"
dx my friggen charger for my laptop broke!  crying  now i can't play most of my games or anything cause the battery's dead and i have to wait till i have money to buy a new one fmmfl!
<propfemale> and i are going to go chill with a friend tonight  three cheers for getting out of the house for once!!!  laugh 
mmmmmm! oatmeal!!! nom nom - damn thursdays before paydays
"what if an invasive type of tomato or wierd plant disease started appearing and eventually took over everywhere that made it so all tomatoes became tomato skins filled with crap  but nobody realized until it was too late  and it just smelled horrific  i don't know, just throwing it out there    > >"
cell phones are death and life
cult of personality
trying to figure out what to do today - so much stuff i need to do and so much stuff i want to do     > >
everything's always effed up 
arg i keep forgetting things today  but got almost everything done albeit in the wrong order     listening to islands (thank you again <propfirst> becker) and getting ready to go donate  things looking up 
just got done spending 3 hours or so looking at pictures and storys of old abandoned island fortresses and castles and towns and buildings  oh how the time flies  but wow - friken amazing ^^
i finally watched it o o
<propfemale> and i off to <propfemale> out with friend ^^
playing champions of norrath with <propfemale> ^^
still playing champions of norrath
does anyone know where one can find any thrift junk antique stores in bellingham?
calling amazon to hopefully fix my issue getting my laptop charger fixed     crosses fingers
changed the oil and spark plugs in the rabbit today (finally) - now just need to rotate the tires and i'll be good for the trip this weekend ^ ^
and off to bed   
aparrently bees are little terrorists carrying ak-47's who want to sting people > >
caprisun! *shlerp* ^ ^
"is winding down the weekend with cup noodles and champions of norrath ^, ,^"
finally! i got the front window in the rv replaced!!! now (provided i register it) i can (and insure it > >) actually drive it places! ^___^
taking a test in a little bit here to test out of my intro to computers class    hopefully there aren't any tricky questions
waiting at the doctor's office to see if they will prescribe <propfemale> something that doesn't cost $154 a month after insurance  sad 
full day - full days ahead  at least we're getting somewhere finally 
another long day - sitting down for a bit ^^ running around at work sure makes one appreciate these moments of stillness
computerjunk
freakin crap
zzzzz
"god i really am starting to want the left over burrito in the car, but it's really far away    > >"
listening to eastern music on pandora for inspiration
it's so wonderful watching <propfemale> pet her cat  such a beautiful and peaceful thing so full of love  joyful   i love her so much 
just discovered <propmale> <propfirst> - so freakin awesome  laugh 
 screams
"muddy day, dark day"
tried downloading lotro but i don't have enough disk space dx
deleting fallen earth dx oh how i miss you!
my mind is on food 
i keep dying on the last boss on shadow of the colossus  getting <propmale> nerd rage    going to try to quell the fury by trying out warhammer 40000: fire warrior with <propfemale> ^^
congratulations: your horse is retarded!
sss =  joyful 
how is it there can be one song that strikes you to your core on an album and every other one completely sounds like screaming ass fart? maybe it's because the one that's good has no words > >
maybe getting rats today  joyful 
wow  it's kind of funny   
my couch is covered in computer parts > > lol - how did this happen? > >
"superdos! is almost up and running - hardware is together, now i have to construct the filesystem and os files and crap - hooray, i'm a geek  laugh "
shower! feeling clean is hackin awesome!
freakin people and their wow slowing down the interwebz - -
food! ^ ^  laugh  <propfemale> make all of me happy - especially my tummy  smile 
mmmmmmm       hurry microwave    i'm waitin for my <propmale> and cheee - @
"why, oh why, do i love old computer crap?"
the it crowd is freaking awesome ^^
"god, how i hate tacoma    must drive faster!"
sunshine!!!  joyful 
*schlerp*
food *gurgle*  sad 
omg most of my friends are married and or have kids  what is going on?!?!
trying out ubuntu again  annoyed  we'll see how it goes this time   
so freakin tired - trying to get quizes done and study for midterm    wondering where his snuggle <propmale> is    > >
passed a+ hardware midterm with a 94%  smile  need to close the gap tho if i'm going to be godly at my future jobz
watching appleseed with <propfemale> ^^
aparrently it has snowed in montana  it's <propfemale> here but my face teeth hurt  arg  freaking crap  wish i could play in the snow   
i miss my vw bug  and the snow  and driving around in the snow  d'x
true rest?
listening to awesom3 possum - the first days were pretty magical and there are more to come 
nom nom mashedpotatoes nom ^^
now time to go home and then work for 5 1 2 more hours - yays! i esplode with happy 
i nom 'ood ^^
tired! get to whip the diesel rabbit back into shape cause the axles on the gas rabbit are threatening to e-splode  sad  will have to be talking to <propmale> soon     bye-bye loverly monies  sad 
"\it's very sad how in the information age you cannot get information into people's heads  as long as you write something on the internet and do not add 'lol' it is true \"" - <propmale> maher"""
raid is awesome  ^ ^
*yawn* going to bed now
why am i even on here? this is so boring
what the crap is up with people breaking up all of a sudden? in the last week 3 couples i know have broken up for at least a bit and i'm worried more will randomly follow - what is going on???
i always start writing things - maybe this one will go farther   
configuring software raid on the superdos computer using ubuntu server!  laugh  - had to erase windows 98 install  sad  will bring it back later - perhaps i will install a virtual machine for windows 98 > >
<propfemale> is making creepy music lol
laaammmeeeeeeeeeee!!!! a;ldsnf;skldn;askjdhfkljhglksnd;lakdsnf wink sfs;lkn       *sigh* i've been needing to say that all week 
 screams
"configuring ubuntu server    rgh have to learn about and make a presentation on raid before wednesday = fun, but going to be lots of work and not enough time to do it in  freaking mandatory overtime  next quarter i'm going to tell them i can't work more than 40 hours - -"
happy thanksgiving! chillin at <propfemale>'s mom's house - omg so much food *burst*
hahahahaha aparrently milk and coughdrops don't really clash - it's like menthol milk!  laugh       discovery is fun! > >
format c:
 dies    wow a newer computer *sigh* so happy lol - totally worth it! happened on a great deal from a friend and i now a good for the next few years for a desktop - freakin righteous!
i swear in the library at the technical college all the giant headphones are made for people with <propfemale> heads 
"why do all the games on facebook advertise that they are the \most addictive\""? isn't that suppossed to throw up some red flags somewhere? freakin americans   """
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday december 6  join the fight against child abuse, copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same "
"i'm totally geeking out! i'm running windows vista 64 bit and i'm making it so i can click an icon in my start menu for an old dos game and the computer will automatically mount the  iso for the cd for the game, run dosbox, navigate to the directory for the game and load it, then when i close the game it closes dosbox and unmounts the cd image and returns to my desktop  laugh dd"
"\i crap in your general direction\"""""
this is so lame - i hate getting sucked into impersonal superficial things - i spend hours doing something that seems fun and interesting but just turns out being a waste of time  i miss radio and books and musical instruments  i miss learning and breathing in things that are real 
i'm totally enjoying slouching with this wireless keyboard and mouse i got at goodwill - score!
daft punk rocks my socks
i forgot how good it is to soak up some good music now and then ^ ^ purr purr
god i love danzig sometimes - thank you <propfirst> & <propmale>
"if you are reading this, then i am sitting somewhere, thinking of you and silently wishing you a <propfemale> christmas "
"i think the real reason they tell you not to eat anything, even on the other side of your mouth, within an hour after getting fillings is so you don't bite the shit out of your lips and start bleeding everywhere without realizing it     i r winner "
 scream
"so i reformatted my laptop with vista because i broke down and decided i like things being automatic(ish)  now, however, i'm starting to get really tired of the harddrive constantly running and i want to get a solid state disk drive and an extra gig of ram - maybe next christmas  smile "
"get off facebook and go do dishes, <propmale> tustin "
"please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except, a punch in the face  93% of people won't repost this, why? because    they probably need a punch in the face "
just wiped my laptop and installed ubuntu studio  finally online - lets see if we can get wireless working    
is now friends with his computer 
i need to shave hella bad
so i'm trying to climb up into the bed all twisted on the wrong side of the rv without the ladder because i want to grab the blanket for a movie and i have to check the roof for a leak and i pull a captain awesome and step blindly off and slip on a cushion and fall back against a computer case = win
it's nice living in a pretty temperate area - but having it snow 4 inches overnight and then having it all completely gone by mid-day is really really lame 
 scream
guess i should go into work now     sad 
this rain is really really stupid  it needs to leave nao
alright: redbull + homework time > laugh 
i don't know how to constructively respond to my classmates in my online english class as i am convinced that half of them are freaking retarded
i'm supposed to write a personal narrative for my online english and i have no idea what to write about - any ideas?
i feel like the parachute that went through the trees
time for a break from homework - kotor? 'myeezz ^ ^
wheeeerre oh wheeere aaareeee you tonite? why did you leeeeeeeeave me here all alone? wull 'ah searched the world over and though i'd found true love    but you met another an *thpthptht* you was gooawn!
"just fixed my laptop keyboard with a piece of paper! oh, yah! gotta love forums sometimes "
i hate tv
i guess i should get back to work here at some point    > >
i suppose i should go to bed at some point   
"god, i can't wait to get a bigger place! need more room!"
i hate it when i know classical music melodies but i have no idea what the name is and it just runs and runs inside my head    rrgh - -
i can't just keep dumping all the pieces off of the board and setting them up again  i need to work with what i have 
"well, freakin crap - need to borrow like $5 to buy a part and to borrow somebody's <propfirst> wrenches to fix the brakes my car   any takers? (ahhh, the days before payday - gotta love 'em)"
   such a full day - and it's not even over yet - freakin crap
so much freaking stuff to do and not nearly enough time to do it in - gotta love weekends     sad 
"if anybody needs a topper for a shortbed pickup for real cheap, my <propmale> is moving and has a couple he needs to get rid of - hit me up"
*yawn*
*whew*
waiting for <propfemale> to get off class so we can go shopping - then home to write a paper
lmao only my baby would be licking salt off of a lime  love 
"i am so sick of seeing horror movie covers involving hands, blood and foggy windows *yawn*"
at least i'm not up really late doing homework  o wait i am  - i can has shleep?
"i do not want to do homework, but i must - i keep going to facebook for a distraction like every 5 minutes, it's kind of silly   "
yes! i hast successfully converted my ubuntu laptop to kubuntu and all my shtuff still exists! me liky linux
"seriously, just    fuck everything "
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
cruising along at 200 mhz with 95 mb of ram and fresh windows  playful  - it's like going uphill in a diesel vw rabbit > >
   doing way more of nothing than i wanted to - time to get off my ass and accomplish something   
turbotax are nazi supporters of monopolistic computer giants because they don't support me doing taxes with linux  sad 
"do fallonsword until inbedsleeping$ = y\loop"
i want poprocks!
mmmmm    caramel chocolate egg in my mouth *koff* so good - it's wierd that caramel kind of bothers the throat a little - i guess that's when you know it's really good   
listening to progressive metal on pandora and making outline for my paper - life is good ^ ^
finally starting to not feel sick as a dog *whew* hope i still have a job lol
it's like fighting fire with fuel
i have a need to feed
if you and i awoke in a psychiatric <propmale> together  only using 4 words what would you say to me  note: copy and paste so i can comment back be a good sport  smile 
now downloading the dragon age ii demo *schlerp*
i want to get a new car - something giant    
woo hoo!!! finally got a smart phone! and it's a droid x i got for $50 (rebate!)  laugh 
"i think i tweaked something at work somehow, or at home before work cause it feels all messed up on one side now  sad "
i  hate  shaving 
getting face drilled at the dentist :
my castles always burn
off to work
"i hate how cars are always sucking money  i don't mind fixing stuff and getting things working, especially if it's for my baby (^ ^), but it gets e playful ensive"
i miss missoula!!!!
i hate it how i can have an entire song just grown in my head but i can't ever figure out how to manage my time so i can sit down and learn how to make it on the computer > sad 
i have all this stuff i should prolly do today and i don't want to do freaking any of it > sad 
i would rather be doing just about anything than writing this stupid paper right now  i loath english classes 
"why now, is my mind so violently rending and opening to <propmale>? why now? the inconvenience is typical of life, so i suppose it's not entirely abnormal    *sigh*      sad "
"it's weird - the more i see - the less i associate \mankind\"" with white-skinned people """
playing games on my phone lalalalalalala
thinking about making songs   
tenacious d is so awesome 
shleepy mornink
going to go eat at <propfemale>'s place in columbia falls ^ ^
got <propfemale>'s car up and running w  oil change and new taillight bulb sockets  now to fix the broken alternator bracket  bolt on the rabbit and install the new o2 sensor   
need more beer
it's great to be a mammal  wink 
*yawn* ^ ^ good shleep - food?
biting off more than i'm used to   
"husband and wife week ? if your spouse is your best friend, works hard for and with you, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the year you were married -2010 ( been together since 2009 )"
unleashing some force unleashed
got the oil changed in the diesel and now off to town to put some biodiesel in it  laugh 
"so the rear hatch latch on the diesel rusted shut because the rear window seal has been leaking water bad - the funny thing is, after penetrating oil and a pair of plyers to get it undone - lithium grease did nothing to fix it  i could open and shut it, but not like it should - the thing that fixed it? good old fashioned motor oil, dispensed from an old school pump can  guess sometimes the old ways are best     smile "
i want a miniature giraffe to kick people's asses for me  laugh 
so    it's looking like i'm going to have to get rid of the diesel rabbit     sad 
why the hell is the floor in front of the urinal at the college all sticky?
"in 7 days, i'm turning 00100100"
"drinking and metallica, happiness and a cool, dark, quiet sadness  what a beautiful fucking symphony "
god - fucking cranberrys - fuck you  goddammit i miss my grandpa  crying             fuck you cranberrys
lalalalala
just paid my first verizon <propmale> - it feels like i was just sucked dry by a 400 pound mosquito lol
2 day old pizza + microwave + beer = heaven (purr purr purr   )
ahkahfd;ljsd;alksdha;kjdha;lksdj;falkjsnda';;uuuuuuuuuuuu
i can't wait to lay down and eat some food
need to cut some things loose
blood!
"i think it actually makes me happier the smaller my friends list is  less bs, you know?"
fuck you <propfirst> andrews and <propfirst> <propmale>  fuck you  d'x
dammit - now both my sweet pocket watches are broken dx
deerinkin  laugh 
"i'm trying to e playful and myself musically, particularly in the metal arena, but if anybody has any bands i 'need' to check out, please suggest something  i am open to absolutely anything "
i totally pre-ordered l a  noire  i'm so bad  > >
every generation needs something to be afraid of   
"just used the web installer for ubuntu 11 04 to install ubuntu onto my laptop, then used synaptic package manager to install the ubuntu studio packages for recording software and desktop themes, then reverted from ubuntu studio's gnome desktop to the new unity desktop, keeping the ubuntu studio themes in place then used a apt-get install line in terminal to install the wireless drivers! i'm having a geek-gasm  laugh "
"lol i just imagined how awesome it'd be to have a crotch rocket with a radial engine mounted transversely (with cylinders pointing forwards and back, crankshaft going left to right), running on diesel fuel  it would be so freaking loud but awesome  laugh "
omfg corndogs and milk = win!
"do until la noire = tv = xbox = 1\scream\loop"
"come'on, xbox! hurry up and download your updates!"
bloodshot forsure is playing world poker tour on facebook again - god help us all   
don't want to do this anymore     sad 
fatty mcfattlards
lalalalastabmyeyes
