67cd070055b4564317489b0d5efaeb70
having a good time with my family!!!  laugh 
happy new years people!! wish you guys the best for this new year!!! laugh 
i miss my lover  cant wait to see you!  laugh 
its finally over people!!! no more high school!!!
"every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another \heart whispers back  those who wish to sing always find a song  at the \touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet "
i'm like the boy from toy story 3     getting ready to give away her toys   i'm off to college   
downloading mgo takes so long!!!!
finally!!! no more stress about school loans!!!!! just relax for the rest of the summer   
sex without love is merely healthy exercise 
"a scattered dream  that's like a far off memory, a far off memory that's\ like a scattered dream, i want to line the pieces up, yours and mine"
":there you are sweetheart, sorry i'm late  i was looking everywhere for you\-howl"""
"i'm tough, i'm ambitious, and i know exactly what i want   if that makes me a bitch, okay "
i hope i can empty out my room soon so that i wont have to worry about packing later       laugh 
buddies!!! we should <propfemale> out as often as we can before i leave!!!!
"i, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels \my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my \courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who \has the courage to treat me like a woman "
"in my heart, i think a woman has two choices: either she's a feminist or a masochist"
two more weeks!!!! i'm ready for san <propfirst>!!!!
i finally have no braises anymore!!! yay!!!
i'm learning how to play the piano!!!!
buddies!! i will miss all the good times!! keep in contact!!! my phone # is on my face book!!!
my room is so empty!!!!
masput!!!
whats so wrong with wanting to <propfemale> out with a guy that used to like you? *sarcasm* (hahahahaha)
why is it that when you have a good day someone has to ruin it at the very end?
trying to relax    playing the piano    -_-
playing video games!!!  laugh 
i cant wait until i'm at school!!!!  laugh 
usually i'd be playing video games    but today i'm playing doctor with my 5 year old niece      laugh 
im not gonna have a television!!! noo!!!!!
i need to play video games!!!! i feel weaker by the second    lmfao!!!  laugh 
i'm finally playing video games!!!!
i played army of two with boyfriend!!!  laugh 
im at school!!!! lol
we finally got internet!!!!!  laugh 
long day    tomorrow our first day of school   
had my first day of school    now a 4 day weekend with homework!!!!  laugh 
people!!! i'm going back to short hair     i'm tired of having this <propfemale> city blow my hair all over the place!!!!  laugh 
i didnt think finding a hair salon would be so hard     
today i went to union square to e playful lore with my boyfriend!! we found a beautiful hidden park in the middle of buildings      laugh 
four hour classes are killing me!!!!
my boyfriends hair is     green!!!!!  surprise 
"watched resident evil 4 with my boyfriend!!  laugh \wish we could of played more arcade!!  laugh "
i wish i would of bought that damn egg!!!! lol
i went to a ps3 move testing ground  it was awesome!! i might be in the magazine!!!  laugh 
i got a new lap top!!!!! it's so bad ass!!!  laugh 
im my bf's dorm watching him play!  laugh 
should i become a game designer or a concept artist?
i havent played ddr in forever! i had fun at the arcade!!!  laugh 
the hottest day yet in san <propfirst>   
im my animation class     -_-'
i will pass lbp by the end of this weekend!!!!!! lol
i have passed lbp!! hahaha!! but the tutorials are so boring!!! -_-
i'm home until monday    it feels so weird to be back   i miss my <propfirst>   
tomorrow i go back to <propfirst>    and to my life as a student  laugh 
my <propfirst> got me a welcome back gift    and a early birthday gift!!! i'm so excided!!
had an amazing adventure in san <propfemale>!!! we got lost and finally made our way back! everything went perfect!  laugh 
yes    i know san <propfirst> is a city for single people    but i wouldnt have as much fun without my <propfirst>   
it's time for a change!!!
went on a date with my boyfriend!!! just got back     laugh 
"im hungry, <propfirst>!!!!"
i love my <propmale>!!!! drawing for a living and playing video games is the best thing i could do!!!!
midterms!!!! ahhh!!! 25 completed drawings in a sketchbook!!!  laugh 
in game 101! about to present my game to the whole class!!!
i got a 100 dollar gift card!!!  laugh 
relaxing today with my boyfriend   playing some games     wink 
my history of gaming midterm is awesome!! we started over but had a better idea to make the best out of it!
it's my birthday today!!!!  laugh  and its raining!!! awesome!!  laugh 
i'm going to the halloween ball!!!!!  laugh 
finishing up my drawing of x-23!!!  laugh 
trying to study for a midterm in class     -_-
there's a parade on market st  and its impossible to get through    -_-+
my classes are empty!!!! giant fans     hahahaha -_-+
<propfirst> why?!!! why!!!!???
i have a new room mate!  laugh 
i have a red and black psp!!!! thank you! my love!!  laugh   love  <propfirst> vasquez
had a great work out!!!  laugh 
im making a skirt!  laugh 
"im so happy cuz im a gummy bear, gummy bear!!!"
we need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity 
life is the <propmale> of drawing without an eraser 
i miss playing online     d':
you forgot the powercord!!!!!!  surprise 
know when to fucking speak up!
"if you live in rock and roll, as i do, you see the reality of sex, of male lust and women being aroused by male lust  it attracts women  it doesn't repel them  -<propfemale> paglia"
i love watching fruits basket with <propfirst> vasquez
"i'm excited for what the future brings!  laugh  so far, so good!  laugh "
i cant wait to go back home!!!!  laugh 
working on my western level!  laugh 
"had fun with my friend <propfirst> today! i missed you man! texting <propmale>, and watching movies with my family!  laugh "
going to game stop!!!  laugh 
i watched megamind with my sister!!! i love that movie!!!  laugh 
at <propfirst>'s house with lalo   playing games    laugh 
im going back to san <propfirst> tomorrow    i'm back in about 3 weeks!  laugh 
i got a new hair cut!!!
if my room is too clean it means i haven't been doing my homework   
"what i did yesterday: 1 go to analysis of form  2  go to history of gaming and played x-box kinnect  3 went to the movies with <propfirst> vasquez ;<propmale> potter movie is so sad  4  saw 2 business men playing guitar hero, rage against the machine  ironic   laugh "
i'm bleaching my hair    i hope it turns out good!!  laugh 
red hair here i come!!!  laugh 
i have red hair now!!! officially!!!  laugh  what should i do next     laugh 
"i'm making dreads!!!  laugh  red, black, and white!!  laugh "
im red headed super saiyan 4 in the morning!  laugh 
i got asked to be a hair model!!!  laugh 
one more week!!! and i'm back home!!!  surprise  i cant wait to sleep on the couch      wink 
i'm drawing a sexy cybergoth for homework!  laugh 
an error does not become a mistake until you refuse to correct it 
i finally got my sewing machine working!!  laugh  im making a denim skirt!!  laugh 
finished with the skirt!! now what should i do? ( i added a zipper to the side!! i love zippers)  laugh 
just because i like it rough does not mean i'm a masochist!  wink 
pulled an all nighter doing homework and playing video games   laugh 
going home tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"playing dragon quest, getting rest for tomorrows last final    finally!!!  laugh "
omg!!! why is time taking so long!! i want it to be 8 smile 0 already!!!  annoyed 
i'm home!!  laugh 
packing up again!  laugh  coming back on the 3rd!! i think    lol
in texas!!!  laugh 
i miss my <propfirst>     sad  but i'm having fun with my family! see ya soon!  laugh 
i climbed a f@king pyramid!!! it was fun!!! need to upload the pics!  laugh 
i love real mexican food!!!!  playful 
dreams are a wonderful thing   even the wet ones!  wink 
a female pervert is a far more scarier thing than a male one 
i think imma get sick!! this town is soon to have snow!!!  surprise 
my goal this winter break is to pass every game my sister has in 5 weeks!  laugh 
i just realized that some gothic men are extremely hot!!!  wink 
i feel so violated!!! and it's so hard to make me feel like that    -_-'
downloading music!  laugh 
"after reading \black\"" i'm starting to think my dreams are my other reality   """
i love the feeling of kissing a man!  laugh 
planning on going to the movies with old friends!  laugh 
i'm so happy i'll be hanging out with my friends during my x-mas break!!!  laugh 
im gonna have the best first month of the year!!!  laugh 
i feel stalked   
i cant wait till i go home for the new year    a new start and new goals!!  laugh 
i'm almost home!! cant wait to see my dearly beloved   laugh 
i'm home!!!! nice to be back!!!
stop living in the past and enjoy the present and look forward to the future!!
working out is very painful when you haven't done it in a few months    i'm really sore   
a sound soul dwells within a sound mind and a sound body 
i will get a job!! and get my first tattoo!!!  laugh 
time to start cleaning my stuff up  for when i go back to school!  laugh 
help!!!!  surprise 
to show ones true emotions is e playful osing ones true weaknesses and therefore you are vulnerable 
i am a crazy bitch!! so what?!!
a man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life 
after a long and hard search    i found my 2 year long lost shoes    under my couch!!!!
my fish are dying    q q
my fish are coming to!!!  laugh 
i feel the need to create 
tonight was awesome!! i got to spend the day with my <propfirst> vasquez(my boyfriend!!) and <propmale> guia(lalito!!) along with <propfemale> miranda(my chick bestfriend!!)  laugh 
hahahaha is late to go to san <propfirst> 
i've been sleeping the whole day     -_-
going to japan town with my <propfirst> vasquez!!!  laugh 
just came back from the movies!! tron was awesome!!  laugh 
evil monkeys on ascension  bad ass!!  laugh 
"nazi zombies, space monkeys and hell hounds!!!  laugh "
i wanna give my boyfriend a cheesecake for valentines day!  wink 
i will be the strongest in the universe!!! -<propfirst> vasquez
"i feel like an asshole today, and it feels pretty good "
i'm so hungry!!! <propfirst> vasquez
im so glad i'm a woman!!  laugh 
happy valentines day ppl!!  laugh 
the best day ever!!! its hailing!!!  laugh 
so i have a lot of homework    and i will try to get it done by today  ! if i can    -_-
i'm getting blisters on my thumbs for playing too many video games!!!
today i went on a shopping spree with my boyfriend!! (<propfirst> vasquez) i feel so spoiled  hahahahaha!!  laugh 
90 sec  death machine!!  laugh 
i'm back home!!!  laugh 
leaving tomorrow! kinda in between of wanting to stay and wanting to go    *sigh* ill miss my friends and family 
wondercon was so awesome!!!!  laugh 
it's time to concentrate and pull it together!! > surprise 
