d6f511ef1ac20b9837f94e8c44d71e23
why is <propfemale> kern still alive?
is in need of something to put on his dining room wall; any ideas?
is what you crave!
ordered my bigscreen   yay!!!!
"watching a blu-ray movie on my 27 in  standard definition tv, since my hdtv does not arrive for another 2 weeks "
"ohh, how i love digital audio from my pc   smile "
"omg, this match is amazing   turn on cbs now if you care about tennis!"
"omg, this is so great, i love tennis!!!!!"
"that was beyond entertaining, wow!  what an upset "
"yay, limited signature edition of windows® 7 ultimate is on the way!  thank you microsoft for the great gift "
is not wanting to be patient    smile 
i needed chapstick and reached for my iphone   i guess i've convinced my mind it can do anything 
being sent home from work early   this is a serious storm 
my life is busy   smile 
i've never needed time to myself; i don't see the appeal 
holiday work night out!!!  i love working with fun people (drunks) 
in a limo heading to new years at the bars!?!?  helll yeah!
i am having a really shitty day 
i think i make things hard for myself on purpose  what's easy is never what i want it seems  it's worth it though! it's like playing the lottery; hopefully i win big   wink 
"definetely une playful ected, but looking forward to <propfirst>'s day!"
"omg, i have not received an e-mail in over an hour!  usually i get one every 5 <propfemale> "
staff meeting cancelled today!  this is such an amazing week so far!
"well, they caught the guy who robbed me   it was my neighbor   such a shame "
i'm just a 5 hour drive away!  it's gonna be amazing!
initial bid in on my first home!!!
this buying a home thing is killing me   but on a happy note; are you enjoying your spring break?
my crc weekend starts in 37 <propfemale>!
"club twoonefive is once again changing it's name  it is becoming clbtwoonefve and going underground  don't try to find us, we'll find you "
i can't wait to go home and fall asleep   i'm soooooo tired 
who wants to see the glee spring premiere episode with me next week instead of the week after?!  it is showing on 4 8 in a theatre near me for <propfemale> at 7 smile 0 pm 
1-3 hours till i get to leave   i'm so hoping it is 1!
"omg, could this day be going any slower?"
"yay, i'm out!"
i just got my <propfemale> approval and closing date confirmed   this is really real!  i'll be a homeowner next friday!
"this is a blah blah blah day   i need more emotional stimulation   luckily, i'm patient "
"i just want to take all the people i care about, get them in a room, and plan out how we can all get to where we want to be in life   how hard could that be?"
i'm a homeowner!!!!
"i can't wait to go home, to my home, but it sure is a mess "
i really can't wait for the august avatar re-release in theatres 
it's time to make some changes   i need to be me all the time 
"ok, this is really odd    i totally am <propmale>   <propfirst>, check, <propfemale>, check, <propfemale>, check, girl  with belly button ring, check   ok, so now i wait for the angry british  chick and then marry her "
dare i say it    yep!  this will be the best summer ever!
i don't like artificial sweeteners   they leave a bad taste in my mouth 
"iron man 2 was amazing!!!  for everybody seeing it, and you all should, make sure to stay after the credits "
wtf was i doing?  everybody else was right 
"so, it has happened twice now   i wonder if i have learned my lesson "
i'm starting to feel like a crazy person 
i went home for lunch and left my phone there   i have never been seperated from my iphone before   i feel like a piece of me is missing   i'm not sure how to function 
my iphone and i are reunited   that was a hard 3 hours 
playing <propfemale> trek scene it and falling in love with <propfemale> trek again   i hope <propfirst> will enjoy all the <propfemale> trek   annoyed 
some people are just more important 
who would like to come over tomorrow night for a fabulous dinner prepared by an award (that he made himself) winning chef?  it may require a litttle <propmale> labor    wink 
"this could be the craziest weekend ever   the whole weekend downtown with 2 parties tonight and <propfemale> hour tomorrow night, all without coming home   ohh yeah, <propfirst>, i'll let you know about tomorrow in a bit, lol "
"i'm happy    and hungry, lol "
this is a marvelous day   i wonder if it can get better!
making my first ribs ever   they are e playful ecting greatness 
my <propfemale> is really low now   i know this is not right 
i guess i'm wasting my time   i have some thinking to do 
i'm sooo hungry   that's what i get for not eating lunch 
i am over the <propfemale> excited about the iphone 4!!!  jobs' keynote was stupendous 
"does anybody have an att upgrade available between now and 6 24 they they are not using, or would prefer to be paid handsomely for for me to use?  i'm quite serious "
"i'm forever yours, faithfully "
i haven't had a day this great in a while 
please don't get sick   please don't get sick   please don't get sick 
if i could kick my own ass i would   ugh!
i stole 20 fucking minutes from myself   so upset 
"really, now an accident?!?!  not me, somebody else "
"your love, your love, your love is my drug "
truthiness 
had an amazing weekend!  now to survive a hectic 4 day week followed by my birthday celebration this thursday at the cactus   i have a feeling this weekend will be amazing as well!
"i've given in   episode 1 of true blood done, lol   a few more will be watched tonight    smile "
"so, here i go again   who would prefer to have money\ instead of their att upgrade?  all it would take is you using it for an\ iphone 4, having it sent to me, and you'll make money on the deal!"
about to watch toy story 3!!!
"toy story 3 was amazing!  it may have even have been the best of the three   i definetely cried more during it than any previous pixar film, and they always make me cry   pixar is genius "
"taking a shower, because i don't know what else to do "
"cactus tonight!!!  \\btw, anybody planning on being there around 10 that has a pink cup i can borrow for the night?  smile "
can't stop smiling   i love it!
i must have done something right 
"ios 4 is amazing!  multitasking, orientation lock, automatic location based services, spell check, faster camera, folders, sms character count, and threaded e-mail "
i really like to be able to count on people   i just wish there were more people to count on 
the windows live essentials beta release today is big!  i'm excited   maybe i'll finally put pictures up on facebook if windows does it for me 
"why do i always want more?  i need to be happy with what i have right now, and i'm pretty frickin happy!"
leaving work now!!!  love leaving early!
i think no matter how old we get we still tend to act drunker than we are   maybe it's just more fun 
"facebook asks me what's on my mind   well, you're always on my mind   wink "
i feel
"i thought i liked crying, but not like this "
it is a lovely morning   i plan to be very productive today 
in the theatre about to see eclipse!!!!!!!
seeing <propmale> <propfirst> live!!!!!!  he is amazing!!!!
"apple is #1!!!!!!!\\   in vendors with the most vulnerabilities in their products   oops, lol"
so much to do before leaving for convention on wednesday   i have 100+ 2010 convention mixes to burn!
the 2010 dlp convention mix is complete 
"how does a black dress belt go missing?  damn, now i have to buy a new one "
"clbtwoonefve, formally club twoonefive, will be re-opening in <propmale>, oh tonight with a new name   stay tuned "
"club 7one8 is now open!  \\we are also under new ownership  well, not all new, i'm still here!  wink "
forever smiling   smile 
there must be something in the water 
for the first time ever   it's time to go home 
my profile pic is annoying me 
life does not scare me   life without meaning does 
"dignity, always dignity "
"thank you to all that made it to my housewarming   it really was a blast   yes, i overbought, so i need to throw another party soon!  i'm thinking mid-october    smile "
"omg, warm vanilla sugar bath, good wine, amazing music   this evening is spectacular "
i am too gay to function right now 
california gays playing in boystown  i'm so fucking happy 
"\the only language i can pray in is?\""\",d6f511ef1ac20b9837f94e8c44d71e23,"\there you are peter \"""""
"the weather is amazing today   is fall here?  i think i'm going to do something for the first time ever when i get home   i'd tell you what it is, but you wouldn't believe me   lol"
"i just bought yahtzee   yeah, it's the <propfemale>'s fault    smile "
"\i'll be damned   maybe god loves fags \"""""
updated iphone fb app with places is available for download!
"ahh, stuck in a training class all morning with a dead phone   finally i've been re-connected with the world "
"now, my weekend bag is missing   it must be in the same mystery place as my black dress belt   i wonder what else is in that bag "
"so you 'mo like a shaeman, in a sunday hat?"
"blah blah, vampire emergency, blah "
snooki is right   the lesbian rate is totally going up because guys don't know how to deal with women   lol
watching the blind side   this movie is so touching   <propfemale> bullock is spectacular 
who has not seen avatar?  don't you dare lie to me!
for all the people to wonder what it is that is so amazing about the cd e playful erience and just download music now    teenage dream actually smells like cotton <propfemale>!
was just on the phone with my ihome vendor for 1 5 hours   that was painful   please let this day end 
it's hard getting off my all carb diet   luckily this will be healthier   now i understand what i'm eating 
"ronnie sam, i don't know who to be sorry for!?!"
the first bar to install iphone charging stations has my business 
"what can you do when somebody wants to hate you?  nothing it seems   when loving them more than life itself, and proving that every moment possible isn't enough, there must not be hope   the delusions in their mind will always be stronger "
"hmm, contemplating a nap "
work is so serious   it's nice when you find something to just laugh at 
2 days!!!
"apple tv, do i need you?  no, but you are quite amazing   what a huge hit you will be because all the apple addicts in this world will see $99 dollars and will be unable to resist, even if they don't need it "
"in the end we have those precious actions   the sad part is people only let certain ones actually speak, while stifling the others who were actually screaming "
"no peacock, so teenage dream   sad "
just got caught up; i guess i missed a lot over the weekend   some decisions you just want to be wrong about   sucks to be right sometimes 
what should i do friday night?  i'm up for bouncing around indiana and illinois this weekend   i have saturday afternoon and evening in west lafayette at least 
how do i survive another hour?  sad 
i think i'm at the point where i can open a liquor store   just added 6 fifths of rum and 3 cases of beer to my already crazy stash   you will not want to miss my party next month!
"just updated the party detail   that took a while, lol "
"sister <propfemale> - this kind of love\\this song is omgsfa!!!"
"special, deluxe, exclusive, + bonus tracks    on cds get me every time  the problem is that there isn't one version with everything  you need to buy a cd multiple times to get it all!  annoyed  well, this time i'm not giving in  yes, i won't buy the standard edition of maroon: hands all over for 9 99, but i will buy the deluxe version with 5 bonus tracks for 12 99, thus skipping the target only version with a dvd for 15 99 "
omg! omg!! omg!!! <propfemale> <propfirst> - <propfemale> christmas ii  nov 2nd could i be more excited?!?!?!?!?!
"oops, forgot to get a room for crc   that's not good "
glee was amazing and so was this bottle of chardonnay   now time for a riesling   wink 
a dogapus can play fetch with eight balls   no one can hate that 
crc mix song suggestions   insert here!
i love my new underwear!!!
#1 listening of crc mix has commenced   room for 2 more songs btw   wink 
i just realized that i live in a nice suburban subdivision with kids  i'm going to get trick-or-treaters! i can't wait!
"\back to the mac\"" event proved that i don't care about anything not running ios from apple   i need my computer to be a pc """
"happy that consumers agree that windows 7 mobile is more user friendly, organized, and is better with multimedia content than android   microsoft can beat android, but chasing down the iphone is not going to be easy "
club fiveofive is in business!
the fall 2010 crc mix is now available for download!!!  please message me to find out how to get it!  or send a sase and i'll send you a cd; just ask for my address    smile 
"as\ of 10:50 am 7% of my friends have voted, and 3% of those e playful ected to \vote today are also on facebook   please vote, and tell everybody that \you did!"
"as\ of 1 surprise 0 pm 11% of my friends have voted, and 5% of those e playful ected to \vote today, that already have, are on facebook   please vote, and tell everybody that \you did!"
<propfemale>'s new christmas album is amazing   it also gives me an idea!  e playful ect something special in the coming weeks for the holidays; a special gift for my dlp bros   wink 
"i know most of you will be voting in the next few hours, so hopefully at\ least 42% my friends vote today!  (that would be above the estimated \percentage of 41% of eligible voters voting today, which is sad i \know )  i would be so proud   (yes, that means i will be disappointed if\ you don't vote   playful )"
"as of 6 smile 0 pm 19% of my friends have voted, and 9% of those e playful ected to vote today, that already have, are on facebook   please vote, and tell everybody that you did!"
"we have west <propfemale>!  one down, 6 to go!"
"as of 10:45 pm 24% of my friends have voted, and 13% of those e playful ected to vote today, that already have, are facebook users   please vote, and tell everybody that you did!"
lost illinois   sad   1-1 now   5 close races to go 
lost <propfemale>   sad   1-2 now   4 close races to go 
watching <propmale> talk is sickening  alexi is just a better person  of course i feel this way about most rep dem  being a progressive is hard 
"<propmale> <propmale> holds <propfemale>!!!  smile   2-2 now   3 close races to go   dems beating polls leading up to election!  overall, good news "
thank you tea party!!!  you cost the republican party the senate   <propfemale> palin 2012!!!
"work has sucked, but we held colorado, so i'm happier now   now only washington left!"
washington is secure!
am i on candid camera?  cause this shit can't be real 
i'm a lucky man 
"omg, back to the future was amazing!  i'm so glad i got to see it on the big screen   it was indescribable "
so incredibly excited for this day to just fly by   is it 11:40 pm yet?!?!
a little over 3 hours left in my day   i'm so gay (as in happy  playful )!
on my way to the airport!!!
"you know the fake word that palin made famous by using it publicly, refudiate?  well, the oxford american dictionary has officially made it a word and named it \word of the year\""   this is just too funny """
on the road to stl!!!
"watching the kids are alright with the rents   totally didn't know what it was about actually, lol   oops  playful "
"\is blogging like a bigger twitter?\"" - my mom"""
"smokers, don't smoke in parking garages, especially in the stairwells   it is not outside!  also, i can't even stand walking behind you when you're not smoking, you stink, so think about how bad it is when you are   ugh, i hate smoking!"
<propfirst> lucero and i want to travel next weekend   where shall we go?  who shall we visit?
"i decided to watch saving private <propfirst>, but after less than 5 minutes in i had to stop the movie   i realized i just was not in the mood   so much blood and body parts flying   you gotta be in a very special place to watch that, lol   i had to reverse the effects, so now i'm watching will & grace   smile "
"\one of my moms is gay   she built our house   \"" #will&grace"""
"hmm, do i want to own weeds seasons 1-5 on blu <propfirst> for $45?  will i watch it more than once?"
getting excited for the christmas season this year   so much to be happy about!
i was nominated to be in the kinect dance central competition today during my work's christmas party   it was a blast   now i must have a xbox 360 and kinect asap!
"<propfemale> boys, <propfirst> lucero and myself are coming to the twin cities this weekend!!!"
3 hrs from minneapolis!!!  are you ready twin cities?
i feel like i'm in a life size snow globe!  love it!
"i lost my voice in mn, lol "
we got the best parking spot at the mall of <propfemale>!!!
"\i'm lookin' at a grown ass abortion \"""""
"dodd - \why won't this fucking tv turn on?\""\",d6f511ef1ac20b9837f94e8c44d71e23,"\who needs lube?  i got salsa!\"""""
"\swimming any other way but drunk is just stupid \"""""
a <propfemale> christmas on abc!!!  i love you <propfemale>!!!
"i went into the grocery store for deodorant and came out with 10 bottles of wine, a 12 pk of beer, a cheese and deli tray, hummus, and a frozen pizza "
"\ee 10 extra minutes of rollerrr balletttt   excellentttt \"""""
"\cut to me eating this whole cheesecake \"""""
"\i wanna do who i do while i do what i do \""  wink """
boys have some learning to do 
"my mom to my brother: \do you need to put your head in the stove?\"" she was quite serious too """
just made homemade white castle   it worked!!!
finally watching easy a and loving it!
"\a vlog; it's like a twitter with your face \"" - my mom"""
leaving work early!!!  more time for party prep   4 5 hours and counting!
i love my life 
is it a bad thing that i just got really happy seeing a $5 off coupon in my inbox from binny's?
"laying in bed awake   did i just wake up or was i never asleep?  or maybe this isn't even real   playful  i guess i'll find out in the morning, lol "
"omg, 4 am really?!?!  it's thursday in the burbs!"
"watching anchorman for the first time   i can't remember the last time i stopped watching a movie, but this really sucks "
"just heard \maybe\"" by sick puppies for the first time  i haven't had this feeling about a song band in years  my jaw just dropped """
the tourist was very entertaining   <propfemale> was devine 
"did i just have the best convo on the phone ever?  yeah, lol "
monday is over!
the verizon iphone will only make the at&t iphone better   in the end they will function based on your location just as any other phone would 
leaving work!  my goal tonight is to not fall asleep before midnight   i have the tendency to fall asleep early in the evening    annoyed 
"omg, crazy clearance liquor at <propfirst>   party will be sooner than e playful ected  heck, party every night   just come over!"
"the self checkout lady (yes, i always use self checkout) at <propfirst> knew the year i was born   i can't decide if that's a bad thing "
apparently i'm meant for disco   i just killed funkytown! #dancecentral
all iphones will be getting mobile hotspot capabilities with ios 4 3 
"\i just want the big day that everybody else gets \"""""
left the coworkers to go grocery shopping while drunk-ish   strutting like i own the place with my coupon box   playful  lol
i haven't been so wide awake at this hour on a weekday in forever 
"matrix 4 & 5 in the works!  hell yeah, i'm excited!"
"\that must be the beer back   umm i mean the bar back \"" - nadlicker"""
"hmm, go go boys fighting over me "
we filled the dance-floor 
"if you have an unlimited data plan with at&t do not switch to verizon! verizon is continuing to offer an unlimited data plan for new subscribers, but that will not last much longer, and you will lose your unlimited data once you have to sign a new contract (aka get a new phone)  at&t has grandfathered in their unlimited data plan users, so you will not lose it  this in more important than any amount of dropped calls "
\don't hide yourself in regret\,d6f511ef1ac20b9837f94e8c44d71e23,<propfemale> in 15 <propfemale>!  come join!
my boss said that today's goal is to get as much done so that tomorrow we just don't have to come in   this will be my first snow day in the real world!  miracles do happen!
motivation to work has decreased to nothing   good thing the day is almost over   smile 
a firetruck just pulled up with lights flashing in front of my place   what is going on?!?!
"going out tonight!  college has to end eventually, but not while i'm still pretty    playful "
i'm falling asleep at my desk   help me!!!
"tomorrow is going to be insane   13 dishes, 172 bottles of beer (12 varieties), amazing people, and great commercials (ohh yeah, and a football game)!!!"
if you have the choice    choose not to watch mean girls 2 
"made plans today to drive to <propfirst> for crc next month   it's gonna be an amazing time, but a crazy drive "
"i may not be able to get up early for work, but i'm gonna be up early for lady gaga   5 am cst!!! #bornthisway"
i am so disappointed in myself   i slept through the #bornthisway alarm and was even late to work   i still have not heard #bornthisway   i'm gonna cry 
"i'm going to be in sf tonight till tuesday   i know i haven't contacted everybody yet, so text to meet up!"
"i just listened to born this way, finally   lady gaga is a genius   because of the hype, everybody is talking about this amazing gay anthem   was it masterfully produced?  yes   was it beautifully written? yes   was it really mind blowing?  not really, lol   but that doesn't matter, she just needed everybody to hear it "
i have the entire row to myself on the plane!  see you soon chicago 
i am feeling amazing after my vacation   only a couple more hours left in the day and i'm not sick of being at work!
i just flipped off a guy passing out impeach obama flyers 
"\just confuse him   say words till the penis pops out \"""""
my <propfemale> won!!! and she was against born this way!
there are a million things to do every day   they key is making time for the really important things 
"hotel room for <propfemale> lambda phi-ladelphia national convention 2011 confirmed   hmm, who wants to be my roomies?"
should i go down to purdue on saturday or sunday?
leave <propfemale> alone!!!
i'm late working on the crc mix   suggest songs!!!
planning late for crc   anybody have any space in their room in <propfirst>?!?!  seems the hotel is booked   annoyed 
crc mix is done but where am i staying this weekend? lol
