c6535c1da1c071e3180d92e09b7c89d6
"watching \the rock\"""""
is glad that the hardest exam is tommorow and that the band exam is going to be as esay as last year 
i got a laptop for christmas! now i do not need the home computer for school 
nothing it true; everything is permitted
 sad 
i do not like the new layout of faebook  why did they mess up something that worked just fine?
just found out about ac2 2 with multiplayer  epic win!!!!!!
the world has gone crazy and im along for the ride  woot!
- thinking about something that needs to be done 
just got back in touch with people i have not seen or talked to in years!!!! got alot to talk to them about
wants to get the new cod black ops game!!!!!!!
need help on eagle project - more info to come
is so happy he got his eagle scout on thursday!!!!!
is watching walking dead on demand
saw 'a tuna christmas' at the barter yesterday  best play ever!
just did a scuba class and had a blast!
i am now waiting for the new ace combat game to come out     in two months
just made my own os and i cant wait to use the sucker!
i just finished cleaning off my desk and putting together my ba desktop laptop combo and it’s looking pretty sweet 
the snow is a lie! just like the cake!
has anyone been called yet?
school has just been called off! and it didn't even snow one bit!
so we have had two days off from school and i'm starting to wonder if we might get a third 
so we have school friday and then a 3 day weekend 
and now begins winter break part iii
hey all guys in high school - crew 137 is going to laser <propmale> next friday for some food and fun  if you want to tag along with us just message me and i'll rsvp for ya!
got into the citadel!
whoever did not join us for laser quest really missed out on some fun 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh 8sfxskm4p8&feature=youtube_gdata_player
4 day weekend you say?
"list of awsome games everyone should play\rainbow six vegas 2\medal of honor (the new one)\halo reach\ace combat 6\assassin's creed 1, 2, & 3\endwar"
at lipscomb u watching basketball
hanging with q and <propfirst> ¡ <propfirst> arena  never seen them get into a game so much
how can you fear the unknown if you don't know what it is 
watching the final countdown - this is gonna be sweet
top gear is the best show ever!
