44b2f5dfe8e89232fcdb1b3f4abdeeda
"ok    it's damn near 0100hrs, i think the capa w extra caffine is wearing off  gonna go try to sleep  tomorrow be long day "
   good night   
me and <propfirst> gonna play army of two during naps!!! i'm actually excited 
i look better as a ghost 
just went on a 40 mile motorcycle ride w <propfirst>; im trying to come down from the rush!!!!
im bored  i think i'll go to sleep 
had a great and magical time at <propfemale> and joshs wedding  glad they finally tied the knot  i cant remember my toast though   jaime said there was alot of curse words  oh well  love you guys!!!!!!
woke up this morning in my tux  that's a first 
oooh   fattire makes my head hurt   
god!  bloodlines is addictive! i cant stay away from it!
"thanks to all my friends and family,military and other wise, for making this as easy as possible, and putting up with every annoying request i have had  i know your thoughts and love are with me, as mine are with you  just as you are with me, i will also always be with you  thanks again "
"some people may be weak by nature, and sometimes that weak person has to be the strongest person in the room"
muscle relaxers if finally wearing off   of course my neck is starting to knot up again  (sigh)   here we go again   
grrrrrrrr   
let's see how honest fb friends are    leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting
i may eat my kids today   
happy turkey day everyone!!!!!  smile 
"i have new updates about the deployment  if you have any questions please give me a call  if you dont ahve my #, i'll get it to you "
i feel like i could tear people apart right now   fricken stone hard noncomissioned officer  eww raww!!!!!
night two without working out  all this aggression and nothing to take it out on  it's bringing me down  kinda blue  this sucks 
"tryin to figure out what music is played while darth vader and <propmale> skywalker duel in return of the jedi  very epic battle, and kinda close to my heart for some reason  (i'm a little twisted huh?)"
4 days
"been friends for thirteen years, been together for nine years and been married for going on seven years (september) "
i'm playing on facebook   on my brand new laptop!!!!!!!!
i wish my stupid mouth would just friggen heal  i'm sickof this 
"   a little more nervous for this trip for some reason  probebly cause we need to be up, ready, and alert soooooo early  i'll be better once i get round the soldiers "
we forgot benford!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"alabama, sawyerbrown, <propmale> <propmale>, feelin greal nostalgic tonigt  \we like our beer flat as can be\"""""
"it seems the more i try to figure my master sergeant out the more he confuses me  great leader? probebly, but he's messin with my brain "
hell switchen to the night shift sucks  i could never do that agiain and that'd be just fine 
"\save the beer lads! save the beer!\"""""
"mama, im comin home"
i have boarded the plane!
hey everyone! i made it home from <propfemale> (not so warm) ca  goin to the omaha zoo today  ill be back evening 
on my way home from omaha  went to see dads grave 1st  going to the civic center to c my surprise 
dude! im watchin w and a half men and <propmale> has a metallica poster on his door! kick @$$!!!
"getting ready to watch \killer klowns from outer space\"" for the first time since i was a kid!"""
abby   someone   
my god man!!!!!!
"to all my face book friends  i will be leaving soon so unfortunatly im going to be deleting some of you  trust me, i wont get rid of anybody who honestly knows me  sorry "
i hate 3d movies   at least its fun time w the kid 
thanks to all my friends and family for comin out last night  it really meant alot to see everyone 
yay!!! nothungover nemore!!! whoo hoo
got to see my daughter dance for the first time tonight  bout damn time!
"wow   got to see my daughter dance plus kinda play \coach\"" at her bam bam meet  now watching avatar w wifey  pretty perfect day """
faith: knowing in ur heart that god has a plan and trusting it   evan though u have no @#cking idea what it is or why 
   thars a starm a'comin   it starts tammera   >:{
"walk on the stage, listen to people talk for a couple hrs, walk off the stage   "
"hey everybody, just so u know our festivities yesterday made front <propfemale> of the dsm register  if u dont get a copy and u want to c the article let <propfirst> know "
"name this song for me: \all the right (somthing) in all the right places   everbody knows everybodys knows   \"""""
zzzzzzzzz   
slipknot is definatly one of my neccisary evils   they make me angry to get my mind of everything else   
ooooh   i have this baaaaad feeling   
oi   
my god   now i know how <propfirst> <propmale> felt when they racked him   jeez!!!
were getting wireless internet in the barracks on monday  whoo hooo!!!
"a soldier is someone, who at one point in\their life wrote a blank check made payable to the united states of\<propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  that is an\honor, and there are way too many people in this country today who seem\to no longer understand that fact  copy and paste this if you are\thankful for your <propfemale>n soldiers!"
so i'm sitten here   not doin an f'in thing   there's no data going to the computers   where not even looking at the damn things   everybody is playing cards   why am i here again instead of in my bunk? though i wont leave until my battle is ready 
yay!!! small pox!!! whoo hooo!!!   
"please put this on your status if you know,\or are related to, someone killed on the death <propfemale>  my wish for 2010\is that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a band of\terrorist scum  the empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but\these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white   93% won't\copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one\hour?"
"\   he promised i would find a little solace and some piece of mind  whatever just as long as i dont feel so desperate   \"""""
i hate army online training  i always have to use my own computer cause army computers suck 
"hey everybody!!! i'm in my first overseas country!!! i'm doing very well  the food is outstanding! it's like 3 or 4 <propfemale> restaurant good  sorry i havent been callin but i dont have a phone card yet, but my ssg bought a few of us internet for a week "
"   i'll keep you all posted as well as i can, but i cant always tell you where i am  i'll do the best i can  thats all i got for now, i'll yak again hopefully tomorrow  <propmale>, happy early birthday in case i forget weds  love you all  thanks for all the support and prayers "
"how can someone be in the service so long, attain so much rank, and still not be able to do the simplist basic stuff   like correcting malfuntions of a weapon? i understand we dont get alot of e playful eriance with them, but it should be muscle memory by now for most people "
"<propfirst>, answer skype"
"<propfirst>, answer skype or facebook "
you awake <propfirst>?
"<propfirst>, skype "
"<propfirst>, skype?"
"i bet if i shaved all the hair on my head, i could have fried eggs on my scalp today  although, i made myself walk around in it so how smart does that make me? please dont answer that "
morning all! at least it's morning to me  hope everybody has a great day at home(or night)  i'm gonna go do some pt and i'll yak at everyone later   or this evening   whatever   
i have internet but it's flaky  if peeps at home want to contact me my email is patrick mcmahill@us army mil  its the only really reliable way to talk to me 
"miss the kids, miss the wife   miss the <propfemale>!!! ineed to drum man! i need to drum so hard it brings buildings down and creates canyons and craters in the ground!!! this weekends goal, kind a <propfemale> "
"   by the way, hi to everyone, i love and miss you all   "
"took pt test today  passed, but sucked  feel like i got smashed between a <propmale> and a pile of bricks  owie   "
"i, my friends, am taking what i think is a well deserved nap!"
"really tired today, it's not effecting me yet, but i feel the crash coming  goin on 2 hrs of sleep people, it sucks "
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
<propfemale> christmas every one!!!!!!!!!!
"i'm trying to decide  a kindle, or the one from barnes and <propmale>  and do i read enouph to get either one?"
not entirely pleased with how sg atlantis ended  it deserved another season to sum things up  just sayin 
"happy birthday <propmale>, i miss you "
really diggin avenged sevenfold lately   
"well   i'm home  (that's all i got, deuces )"
been up since five  just woke up and cant get back to sleep  kinda sucks a little  wide awake 
"for the second time in about 9 months, i played my beloved drums, and for the first time over 15 years, i played until my hands bled  i feel pretty good now  got some descent video too   except you cant really hear it     sad "
"what do people think? what's this world coming too? why are people the way they are? our forefathers are rolling over in there graves, i guarantee it "
me and the wife   dominating borderlands  ka-chow!
this sucks this sucks this really really sucks!!!
"well, i'm back   e playful letive e playful letive e playful letive!!!!! shibalba!"
who has two thumbs and has been bright eyed since 0130? yep you guessed it   been watching true blood all morning 
i hate   utterly detest online training  i really really do  yes sir 
   how the hell do i view a video i uploaded? this is really $issin me off!
"i have to say this, and i dont care who sees, if i must be thousands of <propmale> from those i love and charish, my fam and friends, then i cant thank of anybody else that i would want to spend my birthday with, then the soldiers i was with today  i mean that "
"to everybody, thanks so much for all the birthday wishes  i gotta say, despite the obvious, it was awesome  thanks again "
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr   
"quick, some one help me   am i still an aquairious? i spelled that wrong didnt i   ?"
any body wanna start a band when i get home? lol!
"you and i wake up in jail together   using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along "
grrrrrrrrr       
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals  yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are disrespecting gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i wasn't afraid to e playful ress my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future"
"\blast this christmas music!    it's joyful and triumphant   \"" grinch"""
"hall pass, funny as hell, just close your eyes at the hot tub scene, i'm gonna have nightmares tonight "
beer sounds so good right now  damn it!
"trying not to let stupid things get to me, trying not to let stupid things get to me, trying, trying, trying    not   working    gaaaaaaaaah!!!!!!!"
huge fn headache? check  tired and need a nap? check  blood boiling? dbl check 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rmc playful takmc8
soooooo   yeah   what's up?
grrrrrrrrrr         borrrrreeeeeeed       i need to drum bad!!!
lauph if you want but i'm listening to dont stop believing by journey 
"sooooo ready to blow this joint  been a great e playful erience, but enough is enough "
