036e2a8959afc32d356d07471a65409f
"man, i wish school didn't have to start so soon!!!"
breakfest then work around the barn  after that i'm going to <propfemale>'s!!!!
i now gonna take lessons with a professional barrel racing trainer!!!! i have always wanted to be taught by a pro!!
"i am sick of dealing with people who act like the don't care about anything  if people would just get a grip on life and start caring about they way people feel about stuff, even simple crap  the world would be a better place!"
"hate the bloody rain, rode the horses in the barn! happy for the weekend though!!"
"just go back from grandmas in <propmale> a while ago  my uncle let me shoot their shotgun and an over and under, which was totally awasome! i hit nearly every sheet! i just love the rush you get when you pull the trigger, gotta love the smell the gun smoke and shotgun shells!"
"i saw the movie the wolfman!!! it was amasome and so sad in the end, i hate what happens to him cause the was so sweet to his girl!!"
yo u tube http annoyed  2155478733 ajwbfz
yo u tube http annoyed  fatfreegraphics com prettyperformans 
"hello monday, may today be a better day for everyone!!"
dear friends!!!! please send me some animals on farmville!!!!! i'm so far behind and need some animals real bad!!
"i only had my beautiful <propmale> shephers mix puppy 1 week and today we found he had sadly passed away  we think he got hit by a car and ran back to the house were he died in the driveway  i am heart broken because he was the best puppy i ever had  rest in peace my dearest pup, i love very much, <propfirst> "
"dont fall in love, fall off a bridge  it hurts less  and love can feel great at times but can hurt real bad at the same time!! love gives people power to hurt you! jk"
"i had a great time with <propfemale> today coming over to my house, yea!!"
"will be complete honest for 24 hours   you can ask one question (in my inbox)  any questions, no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get  !  smile "
"got back from riding the horse, man am i dirty  o well thats what dirt and horse sweat is for  i couldn't ask for a better horse and to think i broke her myself   i am nervous am the barrel racing competition next weekend! country girls and their champion dreams!!"
"rednecks don't let their friends drive drunk, they jump in the truck with them "
"leaving for dinner in about 15min to aley bales in siler city, lord onlys knows what i might have to salvage in west <propfemale> this weekend, lol  meet me there friends, if ya want! lost phone, its been gone for 2 weeks!"
"some people think bloodlines are everything  can a kid with parents who are high school drop outs be a lawyer? yes  can a kid with succesful parents fail? yes  its the same in animals, my horse doesn't have a famous sire or dam but she has the heart to please me and protect me for people who threaten me  thats why i love her so much, she was the best gift i ever got and i do everything i can for her as well "
"listening to nickelback, ya know rock aint have bad sometimes  country soothes the soul though!"
why is it when your in a hurry everything goes wrong!!!!
"im hot and tired but did great at my horse show! sugar really did her best but it was sooo hot that and i was glad that not many people showd up cause we might have both got heat stoke! anyway if you want to know more about my placing, facebook me! we placed pretty good "
"headed to church soon, happy b-day to me tomorrow! i will finally be 14 and soon high school! i will get to meet lots of new people there and i can't wait!"
"thinking about the times when you were little and your hair was lighter and things were easy? now days, you see people lined up for the hair color they had when they were little and wishing things were easier  o if everyone had as little worries as when they were young  then high school will hit me! then a big reality check "
"going to northwood today to i guess e playful lore or whatever  gonna have fun, unless we get attacked by some other kids there,lol  i hope we get to do something besides hear about the school and sit in a chair  i hope i have fun but atleast i get get away from moncure for half a day, whoot whoot!"
"i passed the algebra 1 eoc and i am so glad cause i was nervous! graduation and dance tomorrow, can't wait! i so happy that i know get to go into high school!!!! band concert was pretty cool, i on the edge of my seat cause i was hoping that i wouldn't squeck and i didn't  gonna have fun this summer of '10!!!!!"
"they take you tweezers away at the airport because they are a weapon that me hjack the plane  if you can hjack a plane with tweezers, then you deserve the plane!!"
"my friend went with me and my sis swimming at my house, then we all rode the horses but after riding awhile, we went back swimming  i had so much fun! can't wait to do it again!"
comment a color: black=i hate you  pink=i like you  purple=i would date you  blue=i did love you  red=i do love you  orange=i like talking to you  white=i really care about you  silver= we're close  green=you're sexy  put what colour you think of me as and then copy and paste this as your status 
going to breakfest with mom and <propfemale> 
"i just attacked by some werid looking black wasps living in what looks to be a mini <propfemale> hive or something  dumb things came after me so i have baking soda on my head and ice all over me cause i fell running from them! i hope dad can get a big bottle of spray to get them good  any idea what they are, please tell me?"
going swimming!!!
copy this into your status and see what people rate you *red = i love you * pink = sexy * green = your funny * orange = i like you * white = i used to like you * yellow = your amazing * black = i think ur gangster * blue = friends forever * purple = i dont know you that well  only if you dare!
"getting ready for church, probably gonna be a pretty good day!"
"well the show went pretty good today but ended early due to rain  i placed in everything that i competed in, new goal! i got a 16 second time in the flag exchange which is my all time record! i am so proud that we did good even though dad had to pull sugar into the arena cause she hates the gate, but we did good, so im happy!"
"got home and did a little homework, then went swimming and the water was sooooo cold!!!!!! but im fine now  i swear, that water felt like ice!! but now im back to doing homework, o well    "
"went to the greensboro invite and ran a 26 52 which is my best time!!! everyone did real good, great job everyone!!"
got back from the horse show but gotta ride the horse more    
"cooked dinner from family and friends, got my finger burnt on a hot plate but i have found that i acutally like cooking!"
"working the horse in a loose ring snaffle taught me something today  if you don't give people or horses anything to fight against but only trust, they work with you alot better "
staying up to watch the lunar eclipse!
"i can't remember the last time i stayed up this late, im so tired and i feel like crap for not sleeping but i really wanna see this eclipse sooooo bad!!i hope it happens soon!"
"every christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought  well this is what i want  i want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured  i want children with no families to be adopted  i want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat  now, lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-posts!!!"
having a great christmas sooooo far!!!!        hoping it only gets better!
"had an amazing christmas, tomorrow i'm going to grandma's to spend christmas all over again!!"
"best christmas ever!!!! only gonna get better when i go to grandma's today, i got a complete set of blue legacy horse boots, and a smx ortho sport pad in mamba blue for the horse!!!! sweater, shirts, ear rings, cash  this christmas is amazing!!! i am wishing everyone an amzing christmas!!! good luck everyone!!!"
"have the most fun today, rode the horse in her new pad and boots through and snow, i swear it was the best ride of my life besides getting alot of snow in my eye and she bucked a few times which was pretty fun  still has a small cut on her lip so i had tobe soft and lift in her mouth and ride with only leg cues  so much fun feeling the wind and snow the your hair and you gallop across the pasture "
i just ordered my horse a beautilful zebra hair bronco halter!!! i can't to get it in the mail!! she's gonna look amazing!! one of a kind!!
"inbox only \2010 is almost over!\confess something you always wanted to tell me (100% private)  \put this as your status, you may be surprised  smile "
"i just cut a chunk of flesh out of my finger cutting carrots, so now i have a bandaged figer that i can't move  feeling stupid and painful "
"i can offically ride the horse saturday at the show, if all goes well  just got back from the barn, so i can saddle and get on with one hand  thank you lord "
"got back from urgent care this morning and the doctors were suprised at who great it had heal, thank the lord that i don't have to wear a bandage anymore!"
*l i k e this* if you would care if i died tomorrow  post this as ur status & see how much likes u get
