05f2042f4253c9cdd9bc0acf063e2124
golfing w  <propfirst> then <propfemale>'s b-day party!
tomorrow is the last day i'm in the united states for 2 weeks europe in less then 2 days  laugh 
feels like today is pretty dang amazing so far  asked a knockout question and got the answer too  smile 
just finished packing  smile 
is going to be in europe!!! for 2 weeks  laugh 
is back from europe  wow what a trip
is goin out
should be tired right now  but feels great!
is trying to upload some europe pics
workin again today 8-5
got off work early    1st time in along time that happened lol so i'd happy  smile 
is almost done uploading europe pictures  smile 
done uploading europe pictures  smile 
happy 4th of july!!! going to a cousins picnic in state college then watching the fireworks in penn state!
grad party then fire @ the <propfirst>'s
workin 8-5 
is goin to relax tonight  nice for a change  
why do i always lose what seems to be right in front of me   i've ran <propmale> but can't stop running in place  thought but never did  dreamed but haven't acted   
sleep  smile 
swim meet @ st  <propfirst>     my 1st meet of the year is the team's last  smile 
feelin fantastic  smile 
<propmale> azteca for lunch!
packin for outdoor odyseey
is goin to be @ outdoor odyseey for the whole week  i'll be back on the 18th!
back from outdoor odyssey    what a week!   smile 
over to <propfirst>'s for the night   then golf tournament in the morning
after being on a 'magic mountain' for a week & then comin back to a party u soon discover how hard reality hits  harder then a ton of bricks   
packin alll day for new orleans 
sleep then new orleans!  yea  smile 
is in new orleans!!!! elca national youth gathering  laugh 
is in new orleans for only  1 more day  amazin week  smile 
back from new orleans    & disney world  it feels great to finally be home tonight  laugh 
i get down when he lifts me up!
golfin wit the bro
thinks u should check out the new pics from new orleans  smile 
jst uploaded some disney pics
kennywood with youth group!
aaaba for the evening 
aaaba got postponed & i got a lil wet but ya kno life is all good 
is out in ohio til sunday visiting relatives! i'm 17 in less then 3 days  laugh 
loves the happy birthday posts  laugh  it was a good one     now i'm tryin to get in some golf before 1st practice tomorrow  great
golf practice
golf practice & qualifyin  great 
was on the front <propfemale> of today's tribune democrat! up to a movie later   
is going to spend the precious hours between now & 7:55 tomorrow working(6-9)  sad  then sleepin away  smile 
only 179 left
what's the use of worrying? it never was worthwhile   -<propfirst> asaf
turnin the swagga on after beatin north <propfemale> today
not going to school tomorrow! breakfast with mr  cable & team in mornin then golfin all day long @ <propmale> tournament  football game @ night  fridays dont get better then this
105 today @ the <propmale>  eh not so good  sad 
english test tomorrow? yea i havent been in that class more then twice this year  great     here we go steelers     
game @ windber  ramblers will be gettin speared through the head    
proud to be an indian after tonight
thinks jesus is his h2o  you can't live without water
is playin 36 holes @ sunnehanna today no school!
medalist in the match against rockwood with a 43 baby  but team lost westpac
indians will be whippin those mustangs after they ride all over em tonight
pirates game w  outdoor odyssey munchkins for the day!
westpac championship golf tourny @ windber all day no school  laugh 
"sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy    "
i lied when i said i wouldn't be @ school today
taking a nap for the 1st time in a long time
won't be in school tomorrow  golfin all day!
shot a few shots over the number of photos of himself on facebook  thats not good     but i still missed school     & no school tomorrow for me either! i'll be enjoyin a 3hr car trip to mcconellsburg wit cable & the golf team instead
"for by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of god, not of works, lest anyone should boast  -ephesians 2:8-9"
homecoming game!
"ren faire=$14; being cold, wet & watching jousting, a human chess match & hypnosis= priceless"
outdoor odyssey refresher!
vanilla bean icream topped with melted peanut butter & sliced banana
is @ strike 6 or so in miss risch's room  i kno she just loves me
party tonight
"cause it's all love tonight, as we step across the line  as we sail across the sea, to a city with one <propmale>, a city on our knees   "
sometimes i wish i wouldnt waste so many oppurtunities
2hr delay today  out early tomorrow  thanksgiving on thursday! long weekend  nice  smile 
"be joyful always, pray at all times, be thankful in all circumstances  1 thessalonians 5 16"
takin the fan bus to the state quarter final game  let's go indians!
loves being able to eat everything in sight during swim season and never get fat  smile 
i love christmas! i love jesus! & i love the snow!
"doing what pretty much everyone else is doing, watching the winter classic and the pens beat the capitals"
do you know what really makes me smile? facial muscles
i'm tired of hiding behind the curtain while you're the actor out on center stage  
i don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul
everyone dies    but not everyone lives
"show me your <propfemale>  send down your presence, i want to see your face  majesty shines about you  i can't go on without you, lord "
"the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge & controversey   \- mlk jr """
thinks things are lookin just fine
red bull energy drinks + lots of snow + dark= good time sledriding
just got two tickets for the <propfirst> <propmale> & skillet concert  i'm stoked!
we don't need to please when we got the proof  we be on our knees when we raise the roof!
stoked for speech team states  don't know how bout i placed 1st in the district  smile 
<propfemale> <propfirst> & i make a sped salsa pair  but we know how to break it down  smile  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>    i hope you're parents give me a shot at redemption hahaha  smile  what a good time!!  smile 
somethin tells me i'm into somethin good
i'm a finalist to make nationals!!! (now i have to sit & wait for my draw) & results
"is the regional champion in extmporaneous speaking! i qualified for national competition in omaha, nebraska!! saying i'm stoked would be an understatement  smile "
i can do all things through him who strengthens me                                                                           - philippians 4:13
"heading to the little kid's school to read, \diary of a wimpy kid\"" for reading night     i'm not sure whether to be excited or scared!"""
ready to kick some nerdy butts @ states tomorrow in extemp  smile 
made it to state semi-finals    i'm keepin my fingers crossed  laugh 
is sitting in the final round of states right now!!!
took 3rd in the state in extemp  what a day!
no school tomorrow    so i'm pretty happy  smile 
today somebody told me i looked familiar to them    then they told me that person got shot @ a subway a few years back
seeing the musical tonight  smile 
the musical was so good! great job to all the cast
<propfirst> <propmale> & skillet concert! bringin the love to j-town 
thinks all the healthcare statuses are lovely  abortions aren't paid for & if people like their own healthcare than they keep it  doesnt sound too bad to me  playful 
got high today  green tea leaves= natural divine essence
"dance-a-thon  probably gonna be packed with little 7th grade boys    but hey, its all for a good cause!"
had an interesting evening  but that'd an understatement  wow 
gettin much needed sleep  smile 
"we wanna see your face, so tear the roof off this place  jesus, break open the sky!"
had another fabulous monday evening @ the <propmale>'s  smile 
"i've got my eyes wide open, my hopes unbroken"
the more i think about it    the more it seems like life is way better outside the walls of conemaugh township high school  i can't wait for graduation!
"no, i do not know how many calories are in an apple or an orange! but the better question to ask would be   does anyone care? i could easily answer that one for ya  smile "
pittsburgh zoo for the day to see a whole bunch of animals with a big group of party animals from outdoor odyssey  smile 
allergies might be my downfall  i'm waiting for my nose to just fall off sometime soon
i feel like i can’t miss  i know they want me to fall  but ain’t nothing bigger than this so just pass me the ball
is going to 3 different proms  i'm stoked  smile 
"after 23 hours and 32 mintues without power, the lights came back on!"
"working on the college research project, \destined to be a nittany lion party boy or religious college goody boy?\""    if only the project was 5% intriguing as the lame title   """
would like to thank <propfemale> haburcsak for a great night   wink 
got out of school for half the day  came back to an outdoor grill  then left early again    life is good  smile 
"   do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself  each day has enough trouble of its own  <propfirst> 6 smile 4"
going to e playful eriment with the smoothie maker and whip up a tasty treat  smile 
i'm not sure why i bring so many books home from school when i know i won't work on anything anyways!  smile 
"make your smile change the world, don't let the world change your smile  smile "
sat's in the morning  annoyed 
"weather-wise it's such a lovely day \come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away"
i am officially stoked for prom!  laugh 
"i gotta feeling, that tonight's gonna be a good night"
"according to urban dictionary   \1  <propfirst>-the first man to ever get laid \2  <propfirst>- a goofy,funny,crazii,outgoing,loving person! \a guy with this name is amazing  he is adorable and very caring person  he will always be there for you  he might have the nicknamegoober  he can make you laugh no matter what,even if ur having the worst day ever  remarkable  trustworthy\3  <propfirst>- an adorable boy, who is great in many ways"
a smile is a curve that sets a lot of things straight  smile 
north <propfemale>'s prom!
let the good times roll  smile 
the tension is here between who you are and who you could be  between how it is and how it should be  i dare you to move
westmont's prom!  playful 
sometimes happiness comes from where you'd least e playful ect it   
"after the bio review, bio attachments, bio final, chem project, chem interview, cultures binder, cultures final, spanish final, trig test, & english scrapbook i think i will definately be ready for school to end!"
something tells me i'm into something good  smile 
"will be in omaha, nebraska tomorrow right now  smile "
back from omaha!
aloha dance 
imma senior!!!
of all the things i felt but never really shown  perhaps the worst is that i ever let you go it's not over tonight  just give me one more <propmale> to make it right  i may not make it through the night  i won't go home without you - maroon 5
when you kneel for jesus   you can stand up to anything
note to self: next summer try not to get poison <propfemale> on the first day out of school  
"even the best fall down sometimes  even the wrong words seem to rhyme  out of the doubt that fills my mind  i somehow find, you and i, collide "
packin it up for washington dc 
dc for the week with 4 kids i don't know    yet  smile 
dc is pretty much amazing
"gotta little taste of the united states of <propfemale> this week, it was amazing    back from dc "
off to <propmale>'s grad party
off to shippensburg for a week
back home tomorrow  home sweet home  smile 
life's a party
the difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra   ~jimmy <propmale>
"just got an iphone 4g!!!\& to be perfectly honest    life is pretty amazing right now  laugh "
iphone is sweet haha
kennywood tomorrow!
hunky dory
<propfemale> barkman is going to be proved wrong  playful 
packing could never get more boring
heading off to nyc  laugh 
"lady gaga's playing on the today show tomorrow, and i'm in nyc  i kno what i'll be doing tomorrow  smile "
johnstown isn't all that bad
sitting in medwell because i might have a broken foot    
at lycoming college for a week
"wakin up at 5:45 tomorrow, tonight is just a power nap  playful "
"baby i like it, the way you move on the floor  baby i like it, come on and give me some more"
"pfew is over  but the game changa lives on!! what week  thanks  to h1, trombetta, and everyone else for all the memories!  smile "
life is lookin pretty good  smile 
"you're hard to read  but then again, i never liked books much anyway"
stuck at home  annoyed 
good times never seemed so good 
<propfemale> miller's picnic!  smile 
sleep!  smile 
outdoor odyssey for the week!
back home!
golf with my brother!  smile 
"i’m not afraid to take a stand  everybody come take my hand  we’ll walk this road together, through the storm  whatever weather, cold or warm  just let you know that, you’re not alone "
"you are quick to judge, but slow to act "
"so my brother just got on my facebook, cool"
feelin chipper
in the buckeye state til sunday!
watching thunderstorms from my aunts
don't ya know that it hurts so good 
"after omaha nebraska, washington dc, keystone boys state, nyc, pfew, outdoor odyssey, and ohio, summer trips are finally over  its good to be home  smile "
tearin it up at northfork with <propfirst> stephens then off to the aaaba game for opening night  smile 
its good to go to bed satisfied 
it's really hot out  
"personally i don't care where the road goes, i'm here for the ride "
tell me what you want to hear  something that were like those years  sick of all the insincere  so i'm gonna give all my secrets away
golfing it up
"i better find your lovin  i better find your heart  it’s more than just a mission  hey, hey, hey   you hear but you don’t listen   hey, hey, hey   you better pay attention   hey, hey, hey   and get what you been missing"
sipping a jones soda & doing my summer reading out on the porch until i see the meteor shower
love life and life will love you back 
"thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes, my 18th birthday was amazing  smile "
eating black goldfish at work
lesbians decided to crash the ymca
bought my first lottery ticket and won $2  success
spending some quality time at the corner cafe in davidsville with <propfirst> moyer then off to work at the y 5-9 
the new eminem cd is amazing
"if i had a time machine, im passin ya, <propfemale> man"
got to love the weekend
the best way to predict the future is to invent it  ~alan <propfemale>
"at least it doesnt feel like winter right now, on the last day of summer "
i will really really miss summer
& then there were 179 to go   
"\it's beautiful \""~ <propmale> mcconnell speaking of how rappers put metaphors and awesome lyrics into rap songs  """
the <propfirst> kong buffet
playing in the most hardcore bean bag toss tournament of my life
lets fly away
chillin
blasting music in the car never gets old
ethnic festival  smile 
"when everything's made to be broken, i just want you to know who i am"
"bed, school, then golf against windber!"
out of school all day long for a golf tournament  life is good  smile 
college applications and that fun stuff
the more i think about college the more confused i get
out of school for opera fest at richland!
you can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore 
sleep  smile 
out to eat then over to senior night to watch the soccer games
"look for the girl with a broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while  and she will be loved"
doing absolutely nothing productive and loving every second of it
not liking school work
so glad tomorrow is friday
windber ain't got nuthin
"apparently the inventor of segways died in a freak accident after riding one of his machines off a <propmale>    and plunging into a river 30 feet down  \and i had always thought it'd be cool to have own of those "
college applications take over my free time
out of school more this week than being in school   to golf  gotta love it 
"madness is like gravity, all you need is a little push!"
2 hours to clean 2 charter buses and there's 5 more to go  sweet! what a great way to spend the evening
save tonight and fight the break of <propfemale>
portage is going to feel what its like to lose tonight 
"i don’t want your gonorrhea  yeah, i call it how i see ya  i wish i never met ya, i wouldn’t wanna be  ~lil <propmale>"
so glad this week in school is going to be a joke!
tonight was the most fun i've had at a school dance in a long time  smile 
sometimes a stumble can prevent a fall
homecoming!
out to eat with the homecoming court  smile 
just downloaded skype on my phone
ren faire for the day
outdoor odyssey for the weekened
"when everyone is thinking alike, than somebody isn't thinking"
watching a dooms day cloud make it's way into johnstown
opened my acceptance letter  from westminster to find they would give me an $18000 scholarship a year to go there  pretty stoked about college right now
good luck girls soccer  smile 
proudly voted for the 1st time today
out all day tomorrow to go to upj
probably is the only male on the face of the earth who isn't playing cod #9
"this one actually seems fun,\why, what's up "
not feeling school right now
"success is more about consistent common sense than it is of \genius"
lovin the nice weather
smell of thanksgiving dinner  smile 
likes seeing the snow outside!
you can't go wrong with sheetz
"probably should get to bed, we actually might have school tomorrow "
"69: the one with a passion for stirring up invigorating debate every period 4 government class  gonna kick some butt at this week's speech meet with his new piece  acing physics, i think so"
"12: best memory with her= shikellamy\english reading group(today like every day) with her is hilarious  sorry for hitting your eye in calc due to my horrible aim  but someone who i love to be around and always have a good time with!  smile "
"44: met her just within the past year but since then has grown to be one of my closest friends  we're the sexiest ballroom dance pair alive (as many will attest to)  i can talk to you for hours on the phone, and quite honestly, i love it  thanks for being my prom date last year too btw  playful \full of laughs, cheer, and genunity "
"555: i didn't know you too well until last year, but now i am slowly getting to know you better  i've been enjoying it!  pretty, smart, and volleyball beast  playful  (numba 5)\i'll be looking forward to seeing you soon  smile "
"5: dude i miss you  we should chill, it's been a long time haha  up for a reunion soon?"
"45: first words, \   pennsylvania boy   serenading out of the hotel room   \""\",05f2042f4253c9cdd9bc0acf063e2124,"4: idk you well, but it was great callin ya up  smile "
"14: sexy girl in front of the environmental class chatting it up about taco <propfemale>, guys, and anything in between  smile "
"2010 surprise 000\<propmale>  debater  honest  smart  you are a great person and friend"
"003: we've got some sexy pics on my phone which i need to share with you  smile \and you're always so fun to be around"
"123: you are so nice and no matter what, always fun to be around  thanks for doing speech team btw and e playful eriencing new things  playful \ps  the staple in english was hilarious"
"659 annoyed harrrisburgh <propfemale> babi"
78: zach's brother  you are nice and always seem to be wearing a cute smile when i see you  smile 
"45: sorry you don't have an iphone to face chat, but glad you swim and we always screw around and have a good time  smile "
"111: you are a babe  but sorry you can't play pool  you are an individual, and i like that a lot, despite the one tatoo you have  pfew was great, and even tho you have a boyfriend you should've danced with me that night, it would've been worth your time  playful "
"500: pfew lover? down to earth, it was great getting the opportunity to meet you  i won't forget you, because of who you are  you were just such a nice person  i miss you too"
"727: i love your laugh  it's ridiculous, but it makes me laugh when i go to first period at 7 smile 0  you're very pretty, and i see your boyfriend at random places all over  i don't know you too well, but you seem like a great person"
"40a  you are super chill and easy to get along with  last time we were together we both were having a great time, which we always do together  i like it  smile "
"39: you're one beautiful woman, obviously a talented musician, and skillful debater  we met in our bathing suits, in the middle of a hotel hallway which i think is hilarious, and we were completely comfortable with each other right away  you're a real nice genuine person  smart  sexy  and individualistic  i'm glad i've got to know you, and look forward to seeing you friday  smile "
"007: nice number choice, it reminds me of odo pics and us with our guns  you are really easy to get along with and very funny  i always enjoy talking and hanging out with you, and right now, i miss you  smile \ps prom was pretty fun last year despite the bad dj  wink  haha"
"777: wow it has been awhile  we had plans to chill but never did, i don't like that  i hope you are doing well at whatever you're doing, phssl 2 years ago was a blast not going to lie  and getting asked to prom by you?!?!! hahah i was like say what  which reminds me of a story i'll have to tell you soon  oh and you're cool  smile "
426: bible club years ago was way better than it is today  you were a cool guy who i enjoyed being around  i hope life after high school is going well for you
"33: i knew about you before i met you, but when i finally did meet you at prom, you came off as such a great person to be around  i love your personality and it was great getting to know you better  <propfemale>'s wing night (with me) should happen sooon  smile "
"81592: you say some of the funniest things, and this year you have really surprised me, in a good way! you're a blast to be around and totally chill  i'll give you a ride to school soon haha, i promise  smile "
"3 12378737373838926036393683720    \so you are pretty cool, and very funny  you're a dork for wearing \stylish\"" glasses and i know you are probably terrified of the boys bathroom upstairs right now  but we're tight  you're an awesome person who i'm really forward to hanging out with at speech meets and the overnight competition  smile """
1  pretty crazy girl  we need to live it up sometime  smile 
"36 36  so you pretty much have an amazing voice  it was great seeing you at ren faire not so long ago haha, what a random place to actually see you at  i actually saw you perform the one night at ethnic fest  you did great, congrats"
"#2 1: volleyball ace  you seem like a lot of fun to be around! i haven't talked to you very long or much, but i think it would be cool if i started too "
"4: you should consider a career in radio just because you're amazing at it  i hope you do extemp this year, but i completely understand if you don't  you're pretty and funny  i enjoy hanging out with you at speech meets and just in general  smile "
"\blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing \"" <propfemale> pessaro"""
walkin in a winter wonderland
"sitting at chilis waiting for buffalo wings \    for an hour"
had a great time at the christmas dance!
sing off is pretty legit
christmas  smile 
it's been a good day
it's the last day of 2010  smile 
not feelin the whole school thing tomorrow
days off of school are a beautiful thing
mccorts formal  smile 
pancakes for dinner!
i hear the wind's supposed to get pretty crazy by time school starts tomorrow  i'm pulling for some extra sleep in the morning
"ain't nothin better than lookin at some shakespearean sonnets on a snowy evening \sippin tea, sittin in the rockingchair and enjoyin life "
being happy isn't about being perfect  it's about looking beyond the imperfections 
gotta love the class of 2011  and glitter  smile 
<propfirst>'s day: another day women use men to buy them e playful ensive gifts and have men say how much they love them 
i  love  <propmale> stumpo
sitting across the table from <propmale> stumpo in the final round of national qualifying!
this stud is going to speech team nationals  wink 
sometimes i think our greatest weakness as humans is our hesitancy to tell others how much we love them 
missing four days of calc in the past week was not a good idea   
holy hail storm
in the pennsylvania high school speech final round of extemp  smile 
attempting a nap
is going to have a good night  smile 
unwinding for the rest of the night
musical is growing on me
washington d c  for the day
last swim banquet
big congratulations to <propfemale> & <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> <propmale> for winning the battle of the bands competition in johnstown smile 
it has been such a long time since i felt this good   life's best gifts are free  smile 
"bin laden, bin hidin, bin shot, bin thrown into the sea "
livin it up at da prom  smile 
tearin it up tomorrow in nyc with the ct spanish club
snl
"\coincidence is god's way of staying anonymous \"" -tour guide in nyc"""
the best part about national forensics in dc is anything but the competition
one one got it done  nuff said 
graduated high school  success!  smile 
went in front of the chamber of commerce to talk about pfew with <propfirst> trombetta today   best thing thing that came out of it was a sensational lunch & being called an irresistible mixture of <propmale> jobs & <propfirst> bieber 
working from 11 tonight until 3 in the afternoon tomorrow    16 straight hours  sweet
thanks for everyone who came to the grad party today  smile 
looks like the best thing in j-town tonight is obviously <propmale> potter 
mango pineapple smoothies for 25cents? i think that's a heck yes  love you mcdonalds on scalp ave  love 
happy national underwear day  wink 
"24 hours from now i have no clue what i'll be doing, but i guarantee it'll beat this last minute packing  so stoked for college right now  smile "
spending the day in pittsburgh  smile 
a life without cause is a life with no effect
i love <propfemale> barclay smile 
w&j's tuition was $12 per semester in 1868  that's about how much i spent on my burrito and drink the other day at moe's   
"2 mile run, econ homework complete, and made a twitter account before noon today=success"
duck hunting
"i'm like a lays chip, you just can't have me once"
