380db1c833f41eca0df985db8e4d3838
watching glee! i can't wait until april for the new season! ah the drama that will soon happen
"it is going to be a great start to 2010, we got a new car gonna have a good night out this weekend, planning a new vacay with my hubby and best friend to the mexican riviera! so many things that  are getting me excited already!"
"working tomorrow bright and early at 4:45am(yay), working thursday and then bachelorette party friday night!!! spending all day with my bestie sis <propfemale>!! love you! then 11 days from now getting married to the love of my life!!!!! can't wait"
going out tonight with the girls!!! spending the day with <propfemale>!! can't wait!!
finally married!!!!
seriously can't wait for the long awaited honeymoon vacation! we both need it desperately!!!! 11 more days and i will be in cali and 12 more days until i sail away to the mexican riviera! gonna have a great time with my love!
leaving on sat for vacation and i have so much stuff to pack ugh! it will be worth it tho
i am back from vacation    wish i was still cruising out with my love! i am happy to be home though! missed everyone
"so not feeling good, in the hospital another day and i still don't know whats going on with me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i feel so much better! thank you everyone for the well wishes! i miss you all! back to work tomorrow! i honestly can't wait to go back!
"can't wait for this weekend! turning 22, needing a good weekend!"
birthday tomorrow! i am soooo excited! gonna be with my love and my friends!
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! it was a great one, love you all!!!"
"made an awesome cheesecake for dinner tomorrow! one less thing to do after i get off work  staying up to watch glee tonight(which i am soooo addicted to btw) gosh i remember thanksgiving when i was a kid still living in n y  with like 30 ppl sitting around a dinner table, ah the memories  thankfully i am only cooking for 4 lol"
"i have the best husband ever! went out on black friday to get me an hp laptop for a steal! then gave it to me later that day, best early christmas present!!!!!!! gosh i love him"
i am seriously having a hard time getting motivated today
"serously wonders why i even try to stop shoplifters? it doesn't even matter if the cost is less than $250, gosh sometimes i hate the way the system works  anyway home just finished cleaning and now kicking back and relaxing!"
hairograpy: it's like cool epilepsy   
"seriously, these headaches are killing me why won't this end???"
i can't believe tonight is the las episode of glee until april  sad 
"needing to finish christmas shopping, gonna make one tonight and finish this week hopefully cross your fingers for me"
r i p <propfemale>  murphy! you will be missed! you will make us smile still as we continue to watch movies and shows that you were in 
"i have to say 2009 has probably been the best year of my life    learned a lot, got married to the love of my life and man of my dreams, went on an amazing honeymoon cruise, spent time with great friends and all in all just enjoyed an amazing year! thank you eveyone for making my year what it was!"
"hope <propfemale>ryone had a happy and safe new years <propfemale>! wish <propfemale>ryone a great new year with lots of <propmale>, wealth and happiness  happy birthday mom! i love and miss you so much!"
going to grab a bite to eat with my wonderful hubby  love spending time with him  love 
"i am now officially <propfirst> heinsen  smile  i am so happy, it was so easy"
going to be a pin cushion once again this tues  yet another spinal tap and also getting a blood patch  oh joy!
"last night was amazing! went to ces concert thrown by monster cables! saw <propfirst> legend, which to my surprise was really good! then <propfirst> wonder showed up and performed with <propfirst>, could have went to after party but decided to go home instead  all i have to say is woooooooo what a night!"
okay seriously     a person should not have a constant headache for 3 months straight! horrible pain    we need to figure out what this is already!!!!!!!
go to urbandictionary com and then type in your first name  then post the results as your first comment 
today i saw capt <propfirst> sparrow and <propfirst> cullen drinking two rather large heinekens outside of m&m world    only in las vegas
havemany things to look forward to    july: one year wedding anniversary     november: birthday cruise vacation with hubby and big sister to mexican riviera  smile  and current: working out and diet going great!
"i seriously want to pretty much sleep through the month of may, while im at it can we just skip to july?"
had a great day  smile  quatro de cinco de mayo was amazing with fun and margaritas with <propfemale> and <propfemale> by the pool 
today was a good day  smile  was tipped over $100 dollars today! awesomeness!
i must say zumba is amazing     i think it is my new way of working out! i had fun and it kicked my butt! a bunch of my favorite styles of dancing mixed in one hour fun and hard work out  very sore    going back to gym tonightt and off the next two days  how amazing is that?
just booked hotel room for november  smile  i can't wait for time away  just counting down the days until then
r i p mom i think about you always! i miss you more everyday
laying in bed after knee surgery went well today  doing ok in a pretty fair amout of pain  thank you to my husband and sister and <propfemale> for checking up on me and giving me lots of support  love you guys! see some of you when i get back to work on thursday!
hotel room for novembet- check     new luggage purchased- check     changed name on passport- check    cruise paid off- double check    mexico here i come!
feeling and looking good after getting my hair done with <propfemale>! loving the darker look!
"can't wait for the next few weeks to go by    seeing knee dr to see how i have healed    pool day after that and then a long week of work before our time off for our first wedding anniversary     how time has gone by, i have never been happier! july 18th hurry and get here please!"
so stupid question of the day: woman: are you closed? me: yes  woman: for how long? me: we are closed we close at 6 
i hope the next week goes by so fast  i can't wait to have a four day weekend and to enjoy our one year anniversary  only a short while to actual vacation after that!
"every now and then i fall apart and i need you now tonight and need you more than ever and if you only hold me tight we'll be holding on forever  ah not like a glee marathon to brighten up my day  smile  4 more days of work left this week, then 4 days off to spend a weekend with <propmale> for our anniversary!"
it is finally friday! this weekend is here at last! plans to spend the weekend with my love for our anniversay and maybe <propfemale> out with some friends  how a year has flown by so fast  wow! soon after this my other vacay will be here  smile  oh so thankful
starting weekend off right with a night of partying! great start to the weekend for our <propfemale>  well worth working 6 days straight!
happy 1 yr anniversary to my love! romantic dinner tonight at fiamma then maybe some more fun out   smile 
dinner at fiamma was simply amazing! delicious dinner and an excellent tiramisu and moscado after dinner with a message from staff wishing us a happy anniversary  last night to party it up! sooooooooooooo excited!
so after the long day i am enjoying a glass or maybe two of barefoot moscato and relax just a bit before going back to work tomorrow early morning
i was just reading the updates from comic-con for glee and i am sooo excited! they are possibly going to touch on a little rhps    kinda crazy and made me giggle a little bit  so excited for all the new episodes in sept!!!!
i really can't believe it has been 12 years you have been gone    i wonder what life would have been if you were here
looking forward to this weekend with my sis! oh btw retro bakery you have made my day!
"think i need to have a marathon of things i watched the most growning up topping the list saved by the <propfemale>, beavis and butt-head, and <propfemale>  been so long since i have sat and watch them and had a chill day like that, especially watching my mark-paul  wow i think childhood crushes will never die"
"so ready for tomorrow to sit and chill  tanning, bbqing, and hanging with friends     soooooo excited! 97 more days!"
really wants spring awakening obc soundtack  <propmale> groff and <propfemale> <propfemale> singing     amazing! oh and don't forget <propfirst> gallagher jr !
"watching deadly women, snapped, american justice, notorious, and city confidential really makes me want to get a psychology degree  i think it would be the best thing i could do  i enjoy that so much and how great it would be to have a job like that!"
seriously has been a long day! 4 and a half hrs at dentist(sooo not fun!) more meds and starting to feel like crap  i just want to relax  what a waste of a day off 
have been on the phone a half an hour to change my name for jury duty! lame
have been trying out many drink recipes at home to maybe perfect the  most amazing drink to hopefully win master drink master for vacation! we can only hope
"so i was once in 12 angry juror, i finally finished my duty as juror number 10 for the <propmale> county justice system  i can't wait to go back to work"
the next 70 days need to go by extremely fast!
dear migraine please go away  ok pretty please 
ok what it is power outage in las vegas day? first at work then on and off for like 2 hrs at my apartment wtf???
5 more days and an all new season for glee!!!!! i am <propfemale> excited! also excited for the halloween episode!
work was sooo not fun today    enough said 
had too much fun laughing all day with <propfemale> <propmale> at work  i hope more laughs tomorrow  gonna laugh till we cry!
"work was fun  <propfemale> helped get the pic people kicked out of our store  we still laughed at the ghettoness that is the picture people  well as <propfemale> puts it \we took out the trash \"" lol thats what you get when you screw with the alby peeps"""
this weekend is my baby's birthday  smile  can't wait for that and only 5 more weeks until vaca! yippie!
"seriously, today was like the longest day of my life  also just irritated when will it end?"
dear zinc and dayquil please start working  i can't afford to miss work at all!
did i ever mention i truely hate being sick? i feel so miserable but still gotta keep going til sat    bleh 
seriously has the best husband! after a ok day at work yesterday come home to find out that our room on the cruise got changed to a better room and some on board credit! how excited am i! love it!
still been sick   when is it getting better? oh well all i need is r&r all weekend  the next feew weeks need to fly by!
"it is amazing how the song \pennies from heaven\"" used to bring a smile to my face when <propfirst> to me by my father but now brings tears to my eyes when i hear it """
"finally feeling better  beyond ready for november 11th to be here  so much to do before then, get hair done, nails done, get some newer clothes, pick up some little stuff i need and in the last week or so finally start my packing  ready to have a real vacation with nothing to do but <propfemale> by the pool or on the beach with a drink in my hand with some of my favorite people  what a better way to spend my 23rd birthday!"
"next week is going to be epic! only to be out done by the following week when going away! i can only imagine what will happen, i am sure tons of pics will be taken "
enjoying a boardwalk empire marathon on hbo before going out shopping  i love this show    so addicting 
today was a good day! went shopping for vacation and got a lot done! excited for halloween at work tomorrow 
feels so tired! i can't wait until tomorrow though     almost time to get everything together!
"off tomorrow, getting hair done then going to run errands  will surprise some people with what i am doing with my hair but i am really excited  ah i have waiting for next week to come for almost 9 mos now  please hurry and get here!"
"watching <propfemale> and the angry inch before going out today  between bully, <propfemale>, and boardwalk emipre i &hearts; <propfirst> pitt"
"dyed my hair today and ran errands today, feels like been running forever "
"mostly packed, have few things left to do before going away  can't wait to go get my nails done with my big sis in a few days  ah so excited!"
getting nails done tomorrow with my big sis! ready to have a great birthday and time relaxing
love my hubby and friends! going to have a great time away and will miss people while i am away    sorry i can't shove you all in my luggage 
just home from vacation    a little sad it is over but happy to be home  will post pics when i get all unpacked in the next few days  a huge thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes it was wonderful to come home to! i love you all!
11 26 10 &hearts; you will be together forever 
really hurt and upset 
"a person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i \know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are \my friends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your \freedom   please repost"
saw burlesque with <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> hawkins ! loved it just ordered the soundtrack  smile 
"\toys just don't do that\"" lol"""
"\this is <propfemale> my maid\"" rip <propfirst>  love  you        thank you and lots of love to my santy pennick family  i love you"""
off next few days     cleaning and hopefully kicking back a little before next week 
"just got home from hanging with my sis  went to see the cosmopolitain  nice and pretty, love their layout "
with the new year just a day away i have just some thoughts of people in my head  you know i miss you soooo much  i love you
really tired!       why can they not come fix my dryer today? wtf!
yay dryer is fixed! i can finally just relax    until work tomorrow  smile 
"r i p <propfemale>, you will be missed"
excited for february and march! look forward spending time with my amazing hubby and some fam
"seriously can't wait until thursday, but until then work, work, work!"
had a great date night out with my hubby at <propfemale> garden! i love him so much  on to tomorrow for a great day out with the girls  smile  can't wait!
had a blast with my girls today! way to much fun  i miss days like this  smile 
listening to phantom of the opera  after hearing a bit yesterday after leaving madame tussauds i needed a fix  <propmale> butler makes me melt    i love hearing him sing  smile 
"\glee club is fun    swaying in background can be fun \""  i  love  glee"""
have had massive headache    please go away
"beyond ready for <propfirst>'s day weekend with my baby! then a month after that on my way to texas and ok to see family    i really can't wait, i miss them a lot "
grilling and having some drinks with my love!
i  love  <propfemale> midler    amazing woman
days like these really miss my mom  miss her so much
considering going to the 9:15 am zumba class at lvac    been really wanting to get back into it 
can't wait for next weekend! going to have a wonderful <propfirst>'s weekend with the love of my life  laugh 
"\i was totally gonna donate my chevy to <propfemale>     <propfemale> is my cat she totaled her suv last weekend\"" lol <propfemale> is amazing!"""
got an even better room for this weekend! upgraded to a suite for the three days    i can't wait for the wonderful weekend
"if you have a best friend who has made you laugh   stuck up for you   drove you crazy   watched you succeed   saw you fall  picked you back up   cheered you on   had your back, ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad   and all these things made your friendship stronger, and you don't know what you'd do without their friendship   paste this to your status  and see if they know who they are    "
seriously today has felt like the longest day ever! weds please hurry and arrive!
"ah 17 days until texas, i really can't wait!"
"\but it is alcohol awarness week\""\",380db1c833f41eca0df985db8e4d3838,i have the best husband ever  smile 
ugh i really feel like i need a cut and color    hmm
spent the day seeing two of my fave ladies <propfemale> hawkins and <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> love them!
"dear migraine, \please go away  you have been really good at staying away, so please continue to do so "
is it next friday yet?
holy cow     the movie brothers is freaking intense 
"running errands today, maybe go get a haircut then an oil change  will see where the day takes me"
feels very accomplished today  smile  did everything planed and was even able to have lunch with my love on his break  now lets just get through the next weeks and i will be a very happy camper!
"just got home from work    3 days down, 4 to go  i can make it!"
"should really be packing for this week, instead watching <propfirst> iglesias  i need to start being productive "
