69cf6a494ed780e93d45f67be7fbfa95
i want dinner 
getting some air   where are my cigarettes?
all the drive-thru's are closed   this town sux
henry: portrait of a serial killer   smile 
is introducing <propfemale> to colliidoskope
sleep
my voice is coming back
a disappointing birthday
i need a place to set up and record music   i'm pissed
gonna have to record vox in the closet   please don't let the fuzz get called
"didnt mean 2sound belligerent, bro    smile "
"xmas wasn't 2bad this year     spent the night with several cool \persons \""   i should really sleep   t's fukin 5 am!"""
kinda bummed <propmale>'s moving out in the morning   
gf's r good @remembering what pulls us out of our depression   given she wants us 2feel good    
omg i've really fucked up now
gf's r good @remembering what pulls us out of our depression   given she wants us 2feel good    
grrrrrr    annual plasma center physical
"distressed, watching loved ones sinking down their spirals, cursing & kicking me 4trying 2help them make it back out "
we have new songs up: www myspace com telepoddisasters
i want out out of this car!
where are the hovercrafts the televison always promised?
my locust hoodie arrived damaged   gotta mail it right back  > sad 
"needs breastesssezz on his back! (not an invitation, only a declaration)"
needs a ride to the pawn shop
will do push-ups for a back massage
i'll let you cut my hair for free   no tip!
"i'm loving school!  i've never been this happy about having \homework\"" in my life!    smile """
"badly needing a haircut (wanna practice on me?), a 6 pack, & a 28 hour day to comfortably get all my homework done "
does anyone have the guts to cut my hair?
i can feel my skull again!  whoo-hoo!
prayer request:  school is way more intense than i'd e playful ected 
spoke to counselor  i've been taking 144 clock hours more than i was supposed to! ha! it's all fixed now  everything should be all better    smile 
we are 138
we are 138!
"wanted: intellectual, real-life friend in nw ar"
"wanted: non-artificial, semi-intellectual, friendship-basis conspirator in nw ar"
"normally, i hate any app 's     but the friend q&a thing is actually entertaining "
smoke break
lost a cosiderable amount of sleep last night   i'll try to reciprocate withinn reason 
omg!  my bandmate's been splattered by his little brother's automobile!  what did <propfirst> mcluhan say about television & reality?
"   \and reality is less than television   \"""""
i need to try to pawn some thing's   hope all the cops are on break    
"pizza, a gallon of old crow, some infrared sensors to fix, & sleep   my neighbor really doesn't know how to come onto a man very well   hope that never happens again    "
why do barbiturates (hardcore downers) & whiskey make me wanna fix things & clean? isn't that what speed's supposed 2do? i suppose i'm just blessed    
"i have absolutely nothing on my mind    maybe the sound of some dimd ohgr brappage   but that's about it     got my 1st ice cube tray today!  exciting, huh?"
"struck by sudden, une playful lainable depression   hoping a steak & some italian horror or blade runner will cancel it   why do i like these things?  actually wrote an incredible essay on that last year   was able to shrink it down to 1 <propfemale> "
uh-oh  i've really fucked something up on my profile   dunno what to do    
"damn, i'm buzzin' now    must do homework   must record music   "
"working on a dc variable power supply   focused, yet drunk "
too much homework vs finishing my glitch-grime halloween (misfits) cover
how many texts will i swap 2feel less alone?  which dvd you've never heard of will i watch 2day 2make myself feel better?  it's getting very redundant    cyclic   dull
"addendum:  the world isn't letting me be \good \"" i look into the sky & see all those arms pushing me down   i'm dreaming about notes from undergound again      is there a pill that will make this stop?"""
the underground man has strange deams   currently trying 2record glitch version of halloween by msfits using only hardware    
need somebody 2physically swing by sometime 4their personal guidance advice or at least 2let me vent   if this culminates it will be catastrophic 
need somebody 2physically swing by sometime 4their personal guidance advice or at least 2let me vent  if this culminates it will be catastrophic 
dsm-iv-tr says my seizure threshold will plummet after the 3rd day my captors (jail feels imminent) don't dispense my medications   my doctor's receptionist told me it's no big deal 
as a social networking site fb has really failed for me 
i'd like 2have a good time b4 my week in jail 2fix this traffic ticket but as a social networking site fb has mostly failed me
feeling a little down and cut off
very nervous what's gonna happen tomorrow   
i'm awesome!    smile 
struggling to program a decent set of drum paterns & decide on a good sequence   i've been working on the same thing too long 
got some meaningful work recorded last night!  i'll see if i can keep it up 
what's the word for a percussive strike on a single drum head with both sticks simultaneously?  this has been killing me
got some meaningful work recorded last night!  i'll see if i can keep up this pace 
"i have a secret document i think you need to see:  \fif\"""""
got some meaningful work recorded last night!  i'll see if i can keep up this pace 
it's difficult writing recording anything complex all on your own
i hate recording guitars   i've been seriously dreading this but i have to fill in myself & write & record a guitar track for the song i'm working on 
worked on the same vocal track for 6 hours yesterday  sad 
i glanced at the lineup for bonnaroo   wtf!   is this a prank?  you're kidding me
"\aching aims defended games disasters watch with laughter  pity slams the rats that gamble the weathered sleeping master\"""""
"what do they mean when a hotel has a sign that says: \earn a free room\""  ???"""
so far morning isn't like i had planned but i bet it will improve
anger
maybe today will go a lot better
"\these pipes are clean!\""   -'cabin boy'   laugh """
if i'd known how bored i'd feel today i could've planned ahead better
lawyers fuckin' rock   smile 
"sleep long i will, bee-otch"
"a lot of \conspiracy  theory\"" & \""new age\"" junk (funny how the 2 come together) is so retarded i just can't stop  reading   i only hope i'm not seen standing next to it """
"first concert you attended!  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your first concert at  the end of this sentence:  napalm death @bar full of neo-nazis in tuscon, arizona   august 4th, 1997 "
i need a driver or a ride for the white mice show in little rock on the 8th 
"315 s  schiller street little rock- the white mice, hellcake, &  other guests!  no cover charge!  laugh "
saw the white mice show thurs  night!  they played in a living room!  it was awesome!
i need a place to play record my instruments   do you have a house?
i've been moving furniture equipment and smoking a lot
found a new way to escape reality
i've received no feedback on elm street     waiting    
elm street report?
i've done questionable things & always thought those debts would eventually be reconciled but it's mostly gotten worse  i used to feel damned good when i was living a lifestyle i knew was wrong & now i mostly feel disgust for all my peers standing around feeling proud of themselves 
where are all the ugli people?
considering selling all of my possessions
"new track up on band <propfemale>!  recording entirely fueled by single bottle of <propmale> bitch merlot lmao hope ya like the misfits & slasher flicks  wink  \  check it out!    www myspace com telepoddisasters"
wiffle ball bats kinda hurt but not 2seriously     all those bitches who make me grind my teeth    hmmmmm
any graphic designers here w their head out of their ass?
"im not sure if i have a \guarenteed\"" date for the 21st   anyone wanna go to ok city?"""
<propfirst> caine totally said this on film:  \what is this sucking & chucking & jacking of fucking up, son? \69cf6a494ed780e93d45f67be7fbfa95,sometimes good things begin happening to me so rapidly & i can't help but sense the spectre of doom & disaster lurking beyond the horizon   my circumstances seem to be improving past the point of comfort   maybe the good in the world is trying to catch up with me again 
my recliner bores me   i never sit in it   my kid never does   $25   come get it 
"\the rabbits look like people \"""""
wow   i did a background check on myself & it mostly pulled up one of my attorneys' information   that's so awesome!!   laugh 
"desperate to \relocate but don't know where to go   i'm not ready for czech republic \yet so it has to be in the states  only serious suggestions, please "
"nice recliner i never, ever use   it's yours if you come get it   people have claimed it but so far none have followed through on picking it up "
"\the rabbits look like people \""  -excerpt from 'coin-op surveillance'"""
"happy bday <propfirst>, <propmale>, screech, <propfirst>"
"a free microphone,  i think   not really cool but vintage   curious how it sounds"
"\the wind is howling and the time is right for fear\"""""
"having a lot of nightmares the last couple weeks   oh, and my friend's balls dropped off, too   that's depressing me as well   we've been friends 15 years but his girlfriend is telling him he can't choose friends she doesn't choose for him   very sad "
stainless 4571      and looking for a better place to park    feels like i've been in my car about 40 hours    if you wanna drive a grand am get me on my cell    
psyclon nine is too clean and poppy   
my new band <propfemale> at: http annoyed  soundcloud com brundle-fly-1made a remix and a demo in 19 hours   laugh 
"wow, i have 3 different band pages now   "
bday in a couple hours  laugh  celebratin' a little   laugh  text me  wink 
it's still my bday!  awesome!  and thanks everyone   laugh 
i can't seem to remember what function this site has ever served me   hmmm   
press space bar to erase history  (time-sensitive)
#2:  press space bar to permanently erase history
<propfirst> <propmale>'s punchout
shake well
