fa483efd16bebee6f715426aebbcd526
"ray: out of town on a fishing trip, me: having relaxing girl time spent cooking out (or atleast we're gonna try)  smile "
grr   grasshoppers officially ate all the corn i planted   okra still coming up well though
"this morning i looked everywhere for the table sugar with no success, gave up and found it   in the fridge behind the milk    i reeeally enjoy putting things away aaaahaha"
not looking forward to the work about to be required for new career path   tomorrow's gonna be a doozy
ah   nothing better than the smell of nutmeg and <propfemale> toasting in my kitchen on a sloooow saturday  smile 
feeling overwhelmed by the trig required to do my physics hw
ooo so proud of <propfirst> with his 1st td in the nfl!
misses being bored   stressed and stretched too thin is really beginning to suck
spent a solid 7 hours on physics homework   now on to chem    somebody shoot me
please don't make me go back   can't i just stay in my bubble one more day?
"how often am i really gonna hafta wear this annoying plumber's hat??? seriously i have to fix something once a week anymore  at 6 this morning, it was a valve in the toilet!   at 6am    annoying"
dear grocery store- thank you for putting as few items in as many sacks possible   your sacks are a plague on my household!
"worked a 14 hour day today   needless to say, i'm exhausted   funny thing though, it was still less stressful than dealing with my physics homework"
just 5 more days   then i will be able to breathe again   maybe i should make one of those countdown chains out of construction paper
ugh tests tests tests
health sciences are really making my life suck right now   what can i do with the psych degree i already have   nothing?   really?
my big black geek glasses should be in tomorrow!    unless lenscrafters fails me again   
"mmmm    i love the rain    for every reason in the world, i wish it rained all the time"
i'm always slightly terrified when i exit out of 'word' and it asks me if i want to save any changes to my ten-page technical report that i swear i did not make any changes to
lol i have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger
i love the sense of camaraderie when an entire line of cars team up to prevent a jerk from cutting in at the front   stay strong!
i just can't help myself    i still love <propfemale>
"just doing a little holiday treat making  smile  cookies, chexmix, and muddy buddies  tomorrow i hope to get to the meringue kisses, fudge and chocolate covered pretzels, but i can already feel myself starting to backdown   we'll see"
<propfirst> cut my hair tonight     it was an interesting sensation   a lot like the one when you look in your rear-view mirror to see flashing red lights    it turned out well though lol
only 6 days left!!!
i lost my phone yesterday!   i think this feels worse than loosing my wallet   feel naked
getting ready to head to hutchinson for christmas   
"well, i'm back home in oklahoma now    had a great christmas with my family, but jeez, i forget how busy they keep me when i go to visit!   time for some r&r and some sleep in my own bed"
i am with <propfirst> at the taxidermist while he gets his <propmale> mounted   ewww   what happened here
<propfemale>- food   hunny- dear one   yes?
"<propfirst>'s mom sprays the christmas presents with fake snow   because \they came from the north pole\""!"""
"i have felt like a zombie all day  i keep waking up with strange dreams, despite spending over $100 this month on sleep aids prescribed by my dc  i know all the tricks and still nothing is helping   "
"only fools get angry quickly \ and hold a grudge  http annoyed  bible us eccl7 9 cev"
a gentle tongue is a tree of life http annoyed  bible us prov15 4 asv
they got rid of all the comfie couches ay my place of solitude  sad  very sad day at borders
"couldn't sleep at all last night  didn't even bother with the bed till after 4  oh well, here we go again   monday"
god be with egypt
"listening to music that i've acquired in the last 10 years, and feeling a wide range of things   very nostalgic"
sledding and snowboarding    fairly productive day i suppose
just went to my first zumba class ever    so fun!
no phone till i can go to the tech store this weekend  annoyed  the outlet is messed up
has brought to you this public service announcement - spandex is a privilege    not a right! thank you and have a great day!!
"i finally made it to the sprint store today, where i found out that they have to order me a new phone   and it's backordered  so if you need me, facebook is the only way to get me for atleast another week  annoyed "
sooo not ready to be back to work this week
super fun night at the thunder game    half time show was like the circus!
