3b19bacb028dc75b5e457fe9ac45bfe8
estoy enferma  sad 
this is some straight crap
i need to let it all go
i'm so fricken bored!!!!!!!
can't wait to eat this spaghetti!!!!!!!!!!! go me!!!!!
i don't to freakin read the freakin crap! lol
is thinking this dude is like friggin psycho    bout like me!
is puzzled        
sometimes i wish i could just start over
you are your biggest critic but youre also your biggest fan   
sometimes i wonder how i can be surrounded by people and yet still feel so alone
i feel like going in a field of cows and shooting all of them down    
is just taking it day by day   really thats all i can do
is kinda angry that my mf sandwich tasted like cold garbage!!
i'm having a great day today!  wink 
the superbowl was some crap! i hate the freakin saints!! lol
i am really really tired
i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold    
is happy for no reason ha!  smile 
is wondering if i'm ever gonna find someone that really likes me for me
 smile 
i freakin love shrimp fettucini with all my freakin heart!!!!!!
why'd you have to go and make things so complicateddddddddd!!!!!
me siento muy mal  sad 
i get it in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my head hurts so freakin much right now  sad  yo tengo <propfemale> dolor de cabeza!!!!!
watagatapitusberry!!!!!!!
is just extremely happy right now for once     funny how the timing of everything  smile 
i am walking on air right now and i hope i don't fall anytime soon  smile 
"words can not e playful lain how you make me feel sweetie, you've left me speechless  smile "
is so happy spring break is here
i'm soooooooooooo freakin hungry!
"these last two days have been somthin else, i been acting a freakin fool!!!!!!!!!!!! lol"
is about to like rape some spaghetti lol
is ready for friday!! yay!
i'm living good and carefree!!!!!
sto stop stop talkin bout blah blah blah!!!!
wishes i could see you more often            
i do not want to do this speech tmrw nor take that stupid computer test! i'm angry now!!! roar!!!!!!
can't wait for tmrw!!!!!!!!!!!!! he he he!!!
buenos dias!!!  smile 
i got 2 test    one of them is gonna have to be sacrificed lol
i wish i could just go somewhere far away right now
shrimp juice!!!! lmao!!!
tengo hambre
its sure it a perrrrty day!!!
on the radio oh oh ohhhhhhhhhh!!!
feels very alone right now       
is confused and frustrated and about to just freaking give up!
wants something sweet to eat right now
si creemos en nosotros todo es posible!!!!!! es la verdad!!!!  smile 
just had a great workout i don't feel so darn fat anymore!  smile 
all these freakin projects omg!! i will be glad when i graduate
mr miyagi mr miyagi wax on wax off!!!
is like whatever   
is happy to be off work and relaxing
is really happy!  smile 
almost there sigue tratando courtney   yes sometimes i have to talk to myself lol jk
i hope i do not i repeat do not have to take my american lit exam!!!
is happy cause i'm about to eat a freaking happy hamburger!!!! hehehehe!!
"does not feel good at all, thank goodness i'm home"
like my head is going to bust n lava is going to come pouring out of it         
thank goodness thats finally over! yay fun time now!!!!
hello everyone!!!!!!!!
yes finally!!!!!! estoy feliz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!
tengo que decir           
friday is almost here yay!!!!
i'm a hungry lil monster!!!!
finally got a degree  smile 
my cousin <propfemale> is a retard everyone lol  smile 
just had a really really really good workout!
my tooth hurts it feels like its about to pop out  sad 
is so freaking hot right now oh my freaking gosh!!!
if you ask me i'm ready        
el ultimo beso   i absolutely love that song!!!!!
i wonder how i'd look at 115 llbs   
i'm sooooooo friggin proud of myself!!!!!!!!!!!  smile )))
gotta do what i gotta do!
needs something to eat        
i only want one night together in your arms
i hate washing my hair!!!
had fun today!  smile 
tengo <propfemale> dolor de estomago  sad 
funny how the timing of everything plays out sometimes
buenos dias a todos!
<propfemale> lloviendo
is in love with <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
bet i bust!!!
what to do what to do        
is like freaking frustated right now
is hungry
okay youre a goon but whats a goon to a goblin muahahaa
get outta your mind hey hey hey get outta your mind!
wait i'm coming undone wait i'm starting to suffocate
like i'm hungry but i cant eat cuz its too freakin late! dangit!
why are these random men in my driveway?
listening to <propfirst> mayer heartbreak warfare    loooooooves this song
"i could really use a wish right, a wish right now, a wish right now    "
is contemplating             
is still hopeful       i want a capri sun right now lol
hace mucho calor
dance in the darrrrrrrrrrkk!!
is just wondering          
i was wondering if maybe we could something crazy
im talking to a psycho on the phone right now hahahaha!
"just had a good home cooked meal, that i helped prepare, i feel good about myself right about now muahahahhaha  smile "
you think youre cooler than me!
tu no sabes que tanto
had lots n lots of fun last night!!!
     and if my life is like the dust that hides the glow of a rose   what good am i   
my back is hurting so bad right now  sad 
tengo <propfemale> dolor de cabeza
is just a lil bit ummm angry
im so happy i figure it out!!!
<propfemale> lloviendo
i feel a lot lot better now  smile 
"could you buy me a day in your life     so mama says that im beautiful, and that im lovely the way i am, but if i am so sweet, why wont life just give me, what you have"
da da money is the motive
yay there's a marathon of house on!!!! jajajajaja!
tengo hambre <propfemale> poco
            
ahhhhhh i think im loosin it i think im loosin it i think im loosin im loosin my mind i don't know what to do          
"eating my favorite, pork ramen noodles!!! yay!!"
los lideres!
i just had the best freaking nap everrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!! ha ha ha ha!
im wide awake!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"no te entiendo a veces, te quiero pero no te quiero, ay dios mio"
lovin maroon 5's song misery why wont you answer me!!!!
oh oh oh oh oh ooo my gosh!
lets have some fun this beat is sick i wanna take a ride on ur diso stick lets play a love plave a love game do u want love do ya want fame
i feel kinda queezy
look into my eyes and tell me wht you see
siguelo siguelo bailando mi <propfemale> me encanta la forma como te menas
yall follow me on twitter at http annoyed  twitter com yellachika n ill follow ya back
yall please follow me on twitter
i feel strong rahhhhhhhh!!! eat some steak lift some weights levitate!
shuba yeah shuba yeah
ahhhhhh real monsters!!
"i have no car until friday, im going to loose my freaking mind and set someone or something on fire     "
har har har har har where's me bottle of rum!!??
"no te amara tonto, tonto, tonto, tontoooooooo!"
"i see u watching me, u see me watching u    come on over here"
go get high go get high go get high!
is like whatever!!!
just breathe    another day   just breathe
slippin through my fingers
"wht tha am i gonna do tmw? hmmmm perhaps set something on fire, or perhaps take a stroll in the park, idk muahahahahahaha!!"
is kinda tired   i been up since 4 this morning   whts wrong with me lol
i hope we have something good to eat tonight cuz im starving!!
 smile 
i painted my nails black   i hope people don't think im gothic or anything
im glad my internet back up! yay! im so happy imma gummy bear gummy bear!!! rah!
wake up! y don't u put on a lil makeup!
my parents are gonna be very pleased at wht me n my sister got them for their 20th anniversary!!
ive had a very interesting day lol  smile 
i need somebody to loveeeeeeeeeeee!
its been a long day yall   now its time to relax muahahahahahahahaha!
i need a massage bad and a glass of coke
umm okay why am i feeling sooo like weird n stuff???
is smiling right about now  smile  actually blushing to tehehehehehehe
is like okay whatver    
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! te amo tanto!
office depot customers were off cuttin up today    its been a rough day yall
"te necesito, te quiero, y te amo"
its kinda chilly no?
i know im late  but thanks for all the happy bday's!!! muahahahaha!
i think my wisdom teeth are finally growing in  n i don't like it one frikkin bit!
yo tengo <propfemale> problema     y yo no se por que     
i wish you'd stop talkin to me like you crazy    
is smilin right now cuz im wit u even though we not even doin nothin lol
i wonder should i wear my hair down or up    its kinda cold outside   n my ears are cold   hmmmmmmm      
turn off the lights n here baby xtra bright i want yall to see this    if u want it u can get it for the rest of ur life   fast cars shootin stars   turn off the lights   
oooo baby baby baby la la la la laaa
i just got an ipad and i did not pay a <propfemale> for it so happy  http annoyed  apps facebook com helpforchristmas ?fbipad
is wonderin   shud i pay 200 dollas for a phone?
"i feel so much better, like i feel like a new person omg dude!!!! rahhhhh! i want a streak right now with some rice   "
i actually got my free ipad from fedex 10 mins ago this works! http annoyed  www facebook com l php?u=weseeyeahaha com%2f&h=cc8f0gift
i's a lil hungry boss!
me siento bien hoy     pero tengo hambre    necesito algo comer pronto!!!
that tasted so good!!
ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
i wanna get out and go somewhere!!!
"feels like im runnin on walls and i don't wanna touch the ground, they say that im lost but i don't wanna be found"
what a frikkin day it has been    
"i can see now, and im so happy! i feel like a new person!!!!"
"im bout to rape these frikkin noodles, omg!!!!!! rahhhhh!!!"
is like wow     lmao
why is my back hurting????
tattoo your name across my heart    not even death can due us part   wht kind of dream is this  
im not in a very good mood today    i wanna just wanna go and beat up on somebody
feels pretty good today! har har har har!!!
here we go     again     
i dont feel to well    
"i feel like really good, like i guess that workout out help relieve some built up stress n tension, i feel like <propfemale> muhahahahahaha"
(shrugs shoulders)
why am i hungry all the time?
na na na come on come on   s s s n m m m!!!
estoy enamorado    
why does my stomach keep hurting?    
i feel so freakin stupid right now!!! ahhhh! why oh why did i have to meddle with my phone!!!!! ahhhhh!! i could shoot myself in the face right now ahhhhhh!!! lol
"i feel accomplished in life, i made three pancakes, and they were good hum diddy dum!!!!!!!!!!! rah rah swag stupid!!!!"
"i sooooo frikkin love you so frikkin much, i could like freakin tackle you right now!!!!!!"
i can't believe i stretched five dollas through out the entire day lol
i kinda want my hair braided     hmmmmm
so i straightened my hair     should i wear it down tmw or up like i usually do   hmmm   muahahahahaha
"it doesn't matter if you fall, but whether or not you get back up"
"damned if i do , and damned if i don't"
"i hope,this time,my pill works   please please please work"
"is lovin <propfemale> <propfirst>'s song \et\"" this is tha shit!"""
wanna kick it in tha backseat! so i can be ur backseat driver!!!!!!
no vas a volver
feelin real good rite nah!
ummmm woooooooow lol im kinda not here
im tha cookie monster hoe!!!!! gobble gobble gobble!!!
woke up hungry as heck as last night and couldn't go back to sleep  sad 
im still hungry!!!!
wht an interestin day
ahhhhh my head hurts    its about to e playful lode
blah blah blah im bored
how the heck did i manage to get like five paper cuts on my fingers today?!!
never say neverrrrr!!!!
ahhh! its something stuck in my foot!!!
i keep dancing on my own
omg why does my head pound so?!! ahhhh!!! i need a doctor!!!!
"do it like you do it to me, im burning up!!! <propfemale> lil look has got me feelings things!!"
i had a very very very good time last night  smile 
tengo sed
"i slept so frggin hard last night, wow it was good! lol"
i feel so good today!!!
hmmm im hungry again   wht to eat    
ha ha ha haaa im frikkin awesome!!!!
"you can be a jerk, i can be a jerk too!"
"my stomach kinda hurts, but then im hungry    im confused   lol"
im lovin our new furnaiture!!!!
feels like im walkin on walls n i dont wanna touch the ground
they say tht im lost n i dont wanna be found
"idk wht to think of beyonce's performance, im being entertained but scared at the same time   lol"
y id rhianna remindin me of faith evans with tht red hair n all white suit on   
oh my frikkin gosh i cant control this anymore!!!
umm tht was a mess
goodness my head is hurting
ahhhhhhh
 sad  i need somebody to come hold me
i guess ill workout a lil   gotta keep from gettin fat
this true life episode is good!
hmm need somebody to talk to
¡¡¡buenos dias facebook!!!
yeah <propmale>! i can finally tell how fast im going now in my car!! rah rah swag stupid!!
tengo dolor de estomago     sad 
facebook muhahahaha!
lmfao @ the new beef jerky commercial
immmm really really boreddddd
im slowly learnin to be comfortable with myself
"im learnin tht it doesnt matter wht people thnk of u, as long as ur happy with u"
"arrrrrhhh its somethin in my eye, n i cant get it out"
feels like some horse hairs r in my eye lol
 sad  somebody please come get this thing out my eye! arhhhh!
up n ready for it all today!!
me siento muy motivada!  smile 
hahahahahahhaaaa
es <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>
hmmm need somethin more productive
"my tummy, is hurting  sad "
estoy lista
"hmm need a new phone case, me thnks ill order one online"
just woke up from the most awesomist nap ever!!!!!!!!
hmmm what to do  what to do   kinda halfway bored   
"immmm sooo lovin this new app, im like excited, idk why lol"
hmmm what looks good with dark green   
"hungry hungry mawnsta, ive become!!!!"
"kiss me kiss kiss kiss me, wanna be a victim ready for infection!!!"
i loooove <propfemale>!! sale el <propfirst>!!!!!
"i wonder if i were to eat meat like once a day, n increase my fruits etc, would i loose some weight?"
gooood morning people!
goodness gracious i hungry! my stomach finna jump out n start eatin people lol
ive fallin in love with my phone all over again
just took a nice lil nap
bello embustero
"im gonna e playful lode any <propfemale> now, maybe ill actually feel better"
i wish my punching bag wasnt broken     
its so good to be home ahhhh
is really confused and angry at this point     i feel very numb n empty inside    
i feel very sick
i need a drink
jumpin out the window n lettin everything go
i cant believe my parents bought me a step ladder    
lets play the blame game   i love you
yesterday was frikkin awesome      smile 
ughhh my tummy!
danggit thts the second person ive backfisted on accident
why oh why is my stomach still hurtin!! ahhh!
noooooo i don't wanna cook!!! ahhhhh!!!!
that was a nice balanced n healthy dinner!
"omg, i wish my door wud fully close  surprise  right now"
im a lil concerned    
ahhh feels so good to be home
"are pizza, pickles, n coke a bad combination? lol"
"i actually learned how to cook somethin today, i feel accomplished"
had a meal fit for a <propmale>
hopefully ill feel better sooner or later? lol
"i been laying on the couch all day, i feel very lazy, oh well i gotta excuse!"
ugh my bladder is gonna jump out and attack people
good morning peeps
"oh dang, i forgot the bet awards was on"
lol what is goin on with the bet awards tonight! lol   did that girl do that on purpose?
is smilin big
feels good to be home  smile 
you are my typewriter i write to you what i have been thinking
ooo whe oh letmme see ya shake it baby oooo whe oh!
where do i go from here     
"peaches n juice, wht a heck of a dinner"
hmmm what to do with my hair    
and i wonder if you know what i mean    what i mean
is grinnin like a <propmale> cat this mernin
oh my frikkin gosh my stomach is frikkin hungry
i want something to eat
wow    my mom just threatened to punch me in the throat  surprise 
i feel accomplish now that ive done some much needed laundry     still not through though    
its ok its ok its ok its ok     
im really excited about the fall    its not as scary as i thought it would be lol jk
baby there's a shark in the water        
get me outta here eh eh eh ehh
laugh no matter what
"i hate myself right now, i really do   "
ummm i feel a lil weird today
"sadly i ate a whole meal, n feel like i havent eaten all day"
hopefully my phone will be in tmw? please?
 annoyed 
"is ur name <propfemale> <propfemale>, or <propfemale> <propfirst>   "
buenas noches
does ups deliever on sat for 2nd day air?
my stomach is on the prowl    n its gone find somethin to attack n eat       
is <propfemale> winehouse dead?!!!
im like super bored
"just got done washin mi pelo, now im chillin chillin chillin chillin!"
hmm what to do now   
i love    me!  smile 
wanna do it all night long!!! lovin <propfemale> ambrosius new song!!!
teach me
hace calor
i gotta lot of downloadin to do today! hahahahhahahha
"i will be so frikkin glad when my phone gets here, dang, its been waaay to long"
i just shot a man down
pull the trigga pull the trigga pull the trigga boom!
this would happen to me lol
ahhhh this song will not get outta my head!!!
i guess this coke will be my din din tonite!
i feel a lil stupid     sorta kinda    kinda disappointed at myself lol
i move forward the only direction    cant be scared to fail search and perfection
(sings) i got a problem!!!!!!! i like to      lol
lol my dad trip me out
 sad  tengo que ir el doctor <propfemale> manana
how long does anesthesia take to wear off?
"im tired but i cant go to sleep    ugh, what is wrong with me"
no me siento bien     
"im bored need something, or someone to talk to    "
frio oh oh frio oh oh oh
we coulda had it all       but you played me to the beat
se va  se va conmigo
que <propfemale> eres    
i need to get my eyebrows arched
arhhhh i do not wanna get up early!!
tengo dolor de cabeza
"im not myself right now, muahahaha"
moves like jagger
hmmmmm estoy pensando      
just a <propmale> bit bored!!!!
im tired of this mess
don't stop tha party!!!
had a fun time with shun shun n <propfirst> big head tonight!
im frikkin hungry again ugh
"my bladder has been feelin weird all day long, ugh, my body is retarded        "
are ya ready ready ready ready ready ready?!
is lovin the single life! i do wht i want when i want hahahahahahaaaaa!
ew stale chips
i got them moves like jagger!
i just ate and now im happy yay! im still kinda hungry though   
yay its finally here!
i feel really good today! ha ha ha in life's frikkin face!!!
"changeling is a really good movie, i thought id be boring    guess i was wrong    "
im so sick of this frikkin car!!!
these sonic commercials be trippin me out lol
"layin dwn, thnkin     "
had a nice day  smile 
my head is poundin so bad right now
(beyonce voice) thank god you blew it     sucks to be you right now!!!
"somethin has come over me latey, i just feel so good about myself as a person   i feel like im going to reach all my goals n dreams in life(hopefully lol) and there's no obstacle tht will stop me from doin just tht    "
"whts goin on with lady gaga new video, why is there a mermaid   um why her ankles bleeding   why is she dressed up like a man? like wth? lol"
ok y r cats randomly on my front porch meowin?
now all i have to do is finish my list and then pack!
gah im hungry
im finna lite into dem wangz!!!!!!!!! im excited!!!!!!
"i need to go to bed,but i cant for some odd reason"
today is gonna be a greeeaat day!
"gotta take medicine for the medicine im on, now aint tht somethin     "
this benadryl has made me very dizzy n off balanced
my nerves r very bad this morning   
n im off to usm!
hmmmmm
"i know im late, but yay i just skyped for the first time, with shun shun!!!!"
my head feels like its about to e playful lode     idk how to get rid of this crazy feeling     
"my throat feels like its closin up at times, i hope this isn't a reaction to this medicine"
needs someone to interact with     
"me siento mal hoy, quiero ir a mi dormitorio"
im so cooooolllld!
just had a delicious breakfast!
"ok can anybody help me with accounting homework, cuz i realize now that i suck at it, like bad"
rumblin in my tummy
didnt sleep at all last night
"have a huge headache right about now, i gotta sit down somewhere for this one   "
"um did the rain like wash all the hotness away, cuz i wanna know where all this cold weather has come from?"
is it ever gonna get better
"i do not feel good    please oh please don't let me come down with anything, cuz i don't have time for any sicknesses right now"
i wish i didn't have to do this debate thingy     i hate speakin in front of people   then the topic is boring    ugh  
cause i just set them up    to knock them dwn   i thnk i should kw how to make love to something innocent without leavin my fingerprints    love is just another word i never learned to pronounce
"yall does black <propfirst> cobbler have milk in it, cuz my stomach is rumblin   bad    lol"
hmmmm should i straighten my hair today or sunday     hmmm idk
aiya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya!
im strugglin and about to loose this battle
hmm what to do what to do
"ahhh that was good, now on to studyin!"
should i keep trying or give up and try again later?
hahahahahahahhahahaha
im so hungry imma gummy bear!
"this random stranger just payed for my breakfast this mornin, i thought tht was the sweetest thing  smile "
guess ill take my lazy butt to class now       lol
im kinda hungry
"i don't know how i managed to do that paper so quickly, but its done! muhahaha!"
if i should tumble if i should fall would anyone hear me behind these castle walls    ooooo yeahh!
my tummy hurts a lil bit
ahhhh this spanish lit class is killin me! somebody help me! ahhhh!
"omg that is what i needed, i feel so much frikkin better, i feel like a new person lol"
hoy is going to be a great day!!!
im gettin better n better i wrote my paper in 40 <propfemale>
"wanted to go to the fair this year, but i guess thats not happening"
"im in a very ummm mean? cold? mood today, idk how to e playful lain it    need somebody to come brighten my mood!!!"
im craving something very badly right now         
"ahhh guess ill get started on this tarea, ay dios mio"
"wish i cud relax now, but i cant gotta keep movin"
ahhh relaxation time    muhahaha
"my stomach has been hurting for two days now, i don't think thats normal"
omg it smells like hot molded ass on my hall      i had to shut my door lol
i really think i have add like i have no focus and i have two test today    goodness i need to get it together!
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"     im so tired of these lil hood rats singin outside my window, i can't even study"
ahhhh my bladder hurts!!!
buenos dias
dame dame dame!!!!!!
"i feel tired, but then im not     "
