143e7d069b2b70210e56081c23f2069d
colts   9~0        they are going to the superbowl this year!!!!!  all the way     
colts 10 ~ 0
colts are  11 ~ 0
time for me to go to work     friday can't get here fast enough for me  to make it worse it's pitch black outside  getting ready to rain very heavy 
"i have to wait till next tuesday 12 8 09 to find out if i have the night time job  i am very hopeful that i will get it  that & with my day job it will be 15 hours per day   i really need the extra $$$$$$$$ !!!!! the only person i can rely on is myself  rely on no one & trust no one , that is survival>>>"
some one needs to wake up & practice what they preach     & also to see that they really are materialistic & not a true friend     
"going to the job interview in the morning  i feel sure i will get it   then i will have 2 jobs  one in the day and one at night   i will be tired , but i know i can do it  gotta help myself  god helps those that help them selves   "
"tired , so ready to go home"
spent new years <propfemale> & new years with pookie(he is on the left side) i am in the middle & <propmale> is on the right side of me   
getting ready to go eat some italian spag  & veal       yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i finally got to talk to my little brother on face book  it was the first time we have ever spoken to each other , it was nice  he is all grown up since the last time i saw him , that was when he was a newborn baby "
"i am sick of black people screaming racism   thats bullshit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they are not the minority   white women are the minority , we are the ones that are discriminated against  so fuck off black people!!!!!!  have a problem then bring it !!!!!!"
"sick of lifes bullshit , i wake up to bullshit and go to sleep and it's still bullshit   what is so wrong with me ? i can't be loved back !!!! it really sucks and hurts to be me !!!!!!"
"sitting at home doing right by , the man   i don't understand it , i am trying and i care alot about him and all he shows me on return is , fuck you bitch ! that's how i feel   his actions are showing me this    "
"i was right , he doesn't give a shit ! he couldn't even tell me he was going to jam   lieing shit !!! i wish he would use his brain and know what he has   but he just doesn't give a shot !!!!! figures       mutha fucka!!!!!!!!!!!"
"bullshit , that's all i can say      noting happening !!!!!!!!!! figures !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
things are ok
mistake # 1 letting someone in your heart           mistake # 2 thinking that person gives a shit 
"love your self !!!!! fuck loving someone else , (a man ) i am <propfemale> tired of the bullshit of being hurt  and let down again     lonely , unloved and tired of it    "
shit !!!!!!!!!!
things need to go back to the way they were when we were teenagers   everybody knows what i am talking about    old school style  
is chilin@mallorie`s place   then work tomorrow for a little while   
"getting ready to get stuck , then heading home   if you need to get in touch with me you know how to reach me , if not then you don't need to speak to me"
what doesn't piss me off or kill me will only make me stronger & meaner  so if you are going to try & screw me over  make sure you at least  put in the effort to try to kill me first    if not your ass better run & hide forever 
"oh i know that wasn't what the face book community wanted to hear   ok fb , you will like this one  the world is such a wonderful place and all of the people are just great   the grass is always green , the sun is always shining and the birds are always singing  "
"just joking !! no way ,  bullshit !!!! people that know me know better than that  i figured i would put that on here becuase thats what people want to hear "
"everybody needs a vacation, some need permanent vacations   lol   seriously !!!"
"i am stuck on the road with a flat tire   i called home , reality slapped me in the face again   damn , what's wrong with me ? my eyes seem to want to stay closed , guess it's the truth i don't want to face   i am lucky that <propfirst> came to help me , seems like he is the only male i can trust and know will have my back if i am right   guess mom was right , not all are dogs , just the ones i seem to pick   figures !"
"i guess i am in need of a vacation as well   oh well , i'll just take an absence of the brain    lol"
"in need of a part time job asap , if you know of one hit me up    i would really appreciate it !!!!"
"i need money , now dammit !!!! i am not looking for it to be given to me , even though that would be really nice   that shit doesn't happen ! i need a job , 40 hours would be nice     "
"i can't wait till the 1 st gets here , then the truth will come out   i feel like i already know the truth , i just want to look the lier  in the face while the truth is being told   this is one time i would love to be wrong , but my gut keeps telling me i am not wrong !!"
"if you always lie to my face , i would hate to know what you do behind my back   i thought you would want your knife back , i just pulled it out of my heart   i knew you would need it back , so that when my back is turned you would stab me again    just remember , that blade slices both ways !!!!! what goes around comes around    i am <propfemale> bitch !!"
"no , i wasn't talking about you   someone else"
"freakin knee is acting up again , price one pays for not marrying a guy with money   oh well , i have to do it my self   when your a child you can't wait to grow up and leave the nest , when your grown you wish you could go back to being a child in the nest   life is ironic !"
happy thanksgiving to everyone and their families  
"if you can't handle the back lash of retaliation, don't dish it out !!  so back off bitch , i am tired of your shit!!!! i have enough legal shit to deal with and i am not getting any more    you got what you wanted , i got into shit   what more do you want from me ?"
enjoyed spending time with her daughter mallorie   we need to get out more often and leave the mofos @home  
"is just sitting here bored as fuck in court,"
"happy it's over , i hope!!"
"my 2011 resolution is going to be good , i just have to back it up and stick to it   2011: i am going to be starting a new job on 1 3 2010   so my goal their is to excel ,make my fee , spread my wings and fly away from all the pain of the last 5 years   it will be hard , but i know and feel that it is the right thing to do  "
fly away mode
"insides are throbbing and hurt   can't wait till tommorrow so i can go to the gyn   i hope to feel better soon    so happy friday is coming ! idk why , bc when you live at my house everyday is like a freaking monday   seriously , no shit   ask anybody that knows my house and they will tell you the same  "
"is hoping to find some pain relief from my knee and my insides   it hurts even when i don't move it   something has got to give , can't keep this up"
"so ready to get my drink on ! mallorie , weekends coming   get you're drink on !!!"
"two more days till friday , need to numb the brain and body"
"feeling better now , not as boged down   still tired as all hell   need sleep !"
wtf is wrong with my train of thoughts these last few weeks ? they have been pretty scary  alot of self doubts  
18   are you still out there ?
no obama nation !! the asshole people that voted him in are the ones to belame
"no offense to anyone , but damn what's wrong with people ? we do have the freedom to say what we want , this is <propfemale>   i am not sorry when i say this , i don't like our president   change my ass , change for the good of whom   not for me mofo   not for anyone i know   nothing good has come of it so far and it's not coming   wake up <propfemale> !!! our country is going to hell  "
"damn shame , early this morning another obama conversation came up at my house   the madness will only end when , we the people say we have had it   no more !!! i know i have had it   like i said before , no good has come from it   when people say , i love my president , my question is ; wtf has he done that would make you say that ???  his soul is evil   think about it    "
is fed up and just doesn't give a fuck right now  fuck the world mode
"<propmale> <propmale> the best qb my ass , he blows & swallows !!! peyton manning is the top qb in the nfl !!!!"
"is so tired , i just want to go back to sleep   gotta go drop of the kiddies    mid week i will be sleeping !"
"at pookie\s house drinking wine and eating shrimp bisq"""
"fuckin tired off the bullshit   he won't shut the fuck up , he is screaming   all he wants to do is fight with me  "
getting ready to get the car towed
at mallorie's playin uno
"colts are going to whip the jags , # 18 will pull it off again   he makes shit happen for the colts !!!!"
colts won    wtg colts !!!!! now just win the remaining two games and it's off to the play offs       thinking superbowl 2011 !!!!
"my team won saints fucker , colts 34-24   whipped the jags ass    did u see the picture of us at pookies house    "
"it's the one u took , saints fucker !!! jj"
"high ho , high ho , it's off to work i go   gotta go make that $$$ so i can be broke again   broke as a joke     lmfao@ my self this wonderful monday morning    mondays gotta love'em !!!!"
"broke like a 2 dollar whore  , lmfao"
"@ ak47 man , i will bring your hoodie with to what ever location you want to meet   i wasn't the one on fb last night , someone else was  "
"@ 47 , call me about the hoody   when u texted back i was already home"
call after ten a m  that way i will be at work
@ 47    where do you want to meet up with me ???? hoody time !!!!!!!!
"in metairie or in kenner ???? it's up to you , just give me some time to finish up with my shit    "
"dear <propfemale> , unless you have dna evidence - it never happened"
"@ 47 , did you finish your shopping last night ? i am heading out in a little while , i have to wait till the daquri shop opens   that way i can be a <propfemale> shopper a mist the crazies out there today    2011  , hurry the fuck up & get here already  "
still shopping
so ready for my whiskey and egg nog 
"i just got my whiskey and egg nog    yes , finally there"
"@ 47   i haven't completely finished yet , almost   i will call you   i am flying solo     later i have to go to pookies house   but that's later later   "
"oh so much shit to do , so little time in the night   guess i will be finished wrapping and drinking when the sun comes up     <propfemale> christmas fb peeps !!! it should be <propfemale> ,, lol   this might be the last one     now on to the new year ,,, hurry up & get here already    2011  is going to rock    "
"at <propfirst> d\s getting morning grub"""
"brrrrrrrrr , it's soooo damn cold outside   it's freezing here and will be freezing for a couple more days"
"monday      back to work we all go , fun fun for everyone involved !!!!"
eating sushi with my son <propmale>
"i am just so pissed right now , my damn kids can't get along with people( other family members ) for just a few days    this sucks , i thought i would have more time to spend with my son  "
"shit , new update      they are leaving now , thanks to my youngest daughter (1 smile  and my second to oldest daughter (20)"
"it was my youngest daughter , not the second to oldest   sry <propfemale> , it wasn't you   my bad !!! to my youngest <propfemale> , you are an evil bitch    just remember what goes around comes around     you burn bridges every where you go    so everybody can't be wrong and you be right    "
"\ the people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want and if they can't find them~make them \""  ~~~    <propmale> shaw   ~~~"""
"wishing my knee would stop hurting   it seems to be getting worse as time passes   i am going to hold out as long as i can before i let them operate on it   screw that right now ! it's not like i have some one to <propfemale> on while i would be down 12 weeks , i would still have to work to pay my bills    so until that day comes i just have to , suck it up and keep pulling forward    "
"as of today 1 6 2011 i now have no permanent  home   i feel so lonely & lost , i want the pain of loss to go away   i hate this , i already miss him    it's hard to look towards the future when it looks so shitty"
"i am so missing my home life , i wish it wasn't like this   i do miss <propmale> and my old life   i want my old life back     this shit hurts too much   i wish i could go and <propfemale> do the damage that was done in the relationship   i am sorry for what i have done    "
"just hate life , wish things were not this way   just an empty lifeless shell of a person    i feel that i am just going through the motions of life    i feel like i am dead inside and out   "
"is so wishing he would get past the anger and talk to me   it's so much easier for the man , why is it that way  ???"
"i so wish i didn't have to feel this pain any more , i am unforgivable in his eyes , i guess   i want to be able to just sit down and talk to him privately about everything that has happened in our lives   that seems almost impossible bc every time i am around someone has to fuckin come over   i wish he would tell who ever it is coming over at that time to come back a little while later   i just don't get it !!!"
"what is the meaning of life ??? any takers on this question , i find life ironic !!!"
good morning to everyone on this extremely cold thursday   i wish it would get warm again    brrrrr
"to all the loyal colts fans ; we still have next session to head straight to the super bowl     if your a true fan you stick behind your team , win are lose     there are some band wagon fans out there , they need to go away     wish it was the new football session already , hurry hurry up & get here     "
"bring on the rain , looking for the snow in the dirty south   why not     maybe hell will freeze over    lmao @ work right now    if anyone here on fb is in the metairie , harahan are new orleans area and you know of a place with decent pay please let me know    it doesn't matter if its day are night hours    "
"getting my clothes washed and ready    gotta be ready for court tommorrow   its going to be alright , i know it will work it's self out !!!!   smile  !!!!"
tgif :•}
"this is the only man in my life , my little apple head chewy , <propmale> !!!!! he loves me unconditional , that's they way love is     but of course some person had no concept of what love is , bc that person is selfish !!!!!! i am not a bad person     if you would have been real with me you would have seen that i am a great woman , you lost out !!!!!!"
"shame on u , i still care but damn   i heard all the smack you were talking about me when we were together    wtf ???"
"thank you , come again       "
"lll = livelifelaughing , bc if you don't you might find your self crying !!!!  <propmale> for the lesson you taught me   now my eyes are wide open & i see everything !!!! my focus is to make $$$$$   no more time for any bs   i have to get ready to get my wc setup !!!"
~~~ l2l ~~~ 
"did hell freeze over ? the answer is no , it's just monday coming up on me     lol :•}"
"the devil figured i would usher in more souls , for the guff is almost empty     when the guff is completely empty , the end is near    we are almost there     the devil is coming , so have your bags packed"
"this is where i am from , new orleans louisiana       dirty south"
don't you ever come @ me like that again    there won't be a next time !!!!!! remember this ; i fight  back & it will hurt    
"some people must love saying  my name , bc they can't keep it out of their mouths     i find it amusing when i sit back & laugh @ the ignorant people"
this profile picture says it all to the people i described in my post right before this one
i don't want to get up so early    tired
"mad world , i can relate to the fact that mutha fucka's just say fuck it & go off on bitches   i understand why people do what they do   the question they will ask is : why did you go off on a mutha fucka ? bc all the mutha fucka's deserve what comes their way !!!! i hope i am around when <propfemale> comes their way , ,"
"why does life have to be hard for so many people ? i can't find the light at the end of the tunnel , i don't see it , all i see is the darkness    if someone knows where the light is please kindly tell me , bc i can't keep on this way    i have to make some positive moves"
"today i had a piece of white trash refer to me as a whore , the bitch doesn't even know me & has never seen me   she looks like the person from the goonies   scary bitch i will hand u your ass !!! stop worrying about me & take care of your damn kids    nobody wants your ugly broke ass man    so step off ,, u don't want none of this     ,"
"is so tired of these evil ass people in the world   if your evil stay away from me , i don't need anymore evil shit   if you bring it to me i will show you pure evil !!!! i don't want to be like that , so don't force me to resort to that way "
optimism is the ability to perceive evil only where it exists  
it's freakin cold outside
"i have to go by my ex bf's house to get my mail , i so don't want to deal with him and his crazy ass shit today  seeing him wrecks my day , bc he pisses me off so bad   gee i guess my anger issues are starting to show again , damn i better start surpressing them back down till i e playful lode on someones ass    hmmm , oh so little time , sooo many choices to pick from     "
"go packers ,, whip the steelers     i prefer the steelers , but for very deep rooted personal reasons i want the cheese heads to win    go <propfirst> rodgers !!!!!"
"ah ha , steelers lost bc u are a bandwagon fan    ya packers , superbowl champs !!! i never betray my team , win or lose     i stand 100% behind the colts     go blue !!! bleed blue !!!"
"i only pulled for another team bc of a bandwagon fan i know   colts all the way , 2012 superbowl will be ours in indy     first team to host a superbowl in their own house   they are going to play with alot of heart , skill and brutal force    i can't wait for the mths to end and football to start with the new season    "
"i almost forgot to mention the most important part of all ; never let any 1 in your brain !!! once u do that u are asking for pain , suffering and heart ache   "
it's times like this i wish i was on the back of a milk carton
happiness is waking up to a cup of coffee and seeing your ex~boyfriend on the back of the milk carton     lmfao@that sorry ass mother fucker
"iloveme somescary assbitch       watch the grudge & read my last few recent post then u will know where i am coming from     no , no , no more drama , i don't have the <propfemale> for it & i don't want to deal with it    everybody's deep hidden secerts ,they  are going to come out &  when they do , you'll see"
"this is for you & you know who you are , stay the fuck away from my peeps   i told you this last night so you better fuckin listen to what i am saying , i am not playing with your mother fuckin ass   i will fuck you up spiritually , emotionally and financially   i will find out if you pull your shit , so take my warning seriously    i am in no mood for this drama , so it stops"
would love to shove a tube up his ass and turn a gerbil loose to nibble in his ass    ha ha ha
"<propmale> says he is happier now , more than he has ever been   he loves his new home & is waiting for the day that peaches and kody join him  "
