cf9de6ffa2e06c114f573eb2bbb9b080
"so, i joined facebook  too used to myspace  i don't understand this thing at all yet  "
taking my cpl class this weekend  wish me luck 
is getting ready for his cpl class! woo!
"range day for the cpl class  wish me luck  shouldn't put that hard to hit a piece of paper at 7 yards, but you never know "
"is now certified to <propfemale> a concealed pistol  just gotta go register with the state and wait for my card, now "
is applying for an armed security guard position  one step closer to becoming a cop 
"is out celebrating ireland, lads and lasses! <propfemale> rebel style!"
is registering his cpl 
just got back from bowling with my lil' bro and sis  (nate and ems ) had a blast!
health care <propmale> passed? euuugh    i'm not sure how this will turn out 
how much longer will we continue to be a nation of wolves led by sheep? what will be that catalyst that returns the natural order?
"has a single action six-shooter, now  call me <propmale> "
just took his revolver for a test drive  couldn't be happier with it 
"just when i thought they couldn't screw up my favorite video game series of all time anymore, they go ahead and make  \resident evil: afterlife\""  someone  please  just shoot me  -_-"""
"go to google  type in \find <propmale> norris\"" and click the \""i'm feeling lucky\"" button """
"calling all \shred\"" cast and crew members    get ready  the game's about to begin """
is tired of waiting for his concealed pistol license  this process takes too long 
"just shaved his long haired dog into a shorthair  please god, let the shedding end there "
"it really is amazing that when you think you've hit rock bottom, the world is swallowing you up, and you'll never amount to anything, that a few perfect words from an old friend can really, really, shake things up - in a good way "
"for everyone that doesn't know, i just got home from the hospital  my <propmale> and i were out shooting, and a slip of judgement on my part lead to a misfire that made it's home in my kneecap  i'm alright now, i'll recover fully  it's a powerful reminder, though, and i'll never forget it "
"ow    ow    ow    god, this pain suuuucks!"
"actually got out for a bit today  dad helped me change the bandage, got to see how the wound looks    really wish i didn't  ew   laugh  we went to eat and stopped over at grandmas  great weather  only been locked inside a few days and i already started going crazy "
"rock band - cripples edition, tonight! this oughtta be a hoot "
"my knee's getting a bit more flexible, but there's still swelling, and it still hurts  recovery's not around the corner, but it's definitely going to happen "
"just watched avatar  i definitely see what all the hype was about now  that movie was simply amazing  on top of that, inspiring  maybe i need to get out of the horror movie buisness  anyways, avatar, definitely one of my favorite movies of all time, now  check it out if you haven't seen it "
"just had the cops knock on the door  yes, at two am  seems someone filed a noise complaint against me  answering the door alone, half asleep, and in my boxers helped my case that i was not, in fact, having a party as they were told  man, i hate people "
"just got back from the doctors  stitches are out, healing nicely, they said  but i can't go <propmale> back to work just yet "
keyboard in rockband 3? really? do we really need a keyboard? -_-
"just a heads up for anyone that's been trying to call text me, my phone is out of service  i can't call out, send texts, or get texts  i can still recieve calls, though  but if i don't get to the phone in time i got no way to call any of you people back "
"has just been screwed over by the disability company  they apparently mailed out my checks, but i never got them  haven't been paid in two weeks  the best they can do? direct deposit the first one i missed, about two weeks from now   screwed"
"just got back from my friends <propmale> and <propfemale>'s wedding and reception  good time  great couple, i wish them the best  now when is my turn, dammit?"
loves him some nazi zombies on cod: world at war  anyone else have teh game and want to play?  laugh 
"i'm looking to get a recliner  nothing fancy, just something to put my feet up  any ideas where i can get a cheap one?"
"'s knee is actually starting to look like a knee again! thank god  i was getting worried it never would again  i think it had to do with me swimming yesterady  i'm gonna swim a bit each day while i'm still off, that seems to be great therapy "
still can't sleep  gonna get some medication for that 
"feels godawful, and has all day  stomache ache  everytime i feel like i fought it off, it comes back worse  eugh "
"ugh  went from eight weeks off to twelve hour shifts, all week  all week, 12 hours a day, on my bad knee  i know i'm just complaining, but that's hard to accustom yourself to, even if you have been working normal shifts  my everything aches, the aspirin isn't enough, and the last bottle of prescribed painkillers i have is gonna run out fast  here's hoping my body toughens it out and gets stronger real fast "
"\our endless maniacal appatite left us with another way to die \"""""
"accidently deleted his ufo sighting status update! dammit! i'm workin on getting the video on youtube, still!"
"is looking to sell his  22 caliber revolver, cheap  150$, with holster  let me know if you're interested "
"just had to reinstall windows again  ugh  i hate that process  though it's always nice to start with a clean slate, once you've gotten rid of the crap you don't need and put your data back "
any one have any single lady friends? i'm tired of being ignored  -_-
"just had birthday dinner with his mom at red <propfirst>  thanks mom! also, took my new  22 out for a spin  it's a sniper for sure  problem with the slide gumming up though    ugh  i'm done buying guns used "
just paid for car insurance  ouch  and registration  so ya'll can get off my back now!  playful 
spent his birthday working twelve hours in a scorching hot shop under rushed conditions surrounded by people who hate him  oh well  another year goes by  at least now i get to have dinner with grandma!
"is really gonna miss his little brother  at least i know he'll be successful, i've never seen him so eager for something, he was made for this  show them what a quick+jackson can do, pfc quick! oo-ra!"
"the e playful endables  see it  see it if you are a man  i was not disappointed in the least, that is the best man movie ever  action, adventure, comedy, people getting f**ked up  and no romance to get in the way  i cannot wait to see it again  if you've seen it, tell me what you thought!"
"just got his first letter from <propmale> in boot  he'd gone a long while with no letters, and was beginning to get worried he wasn't getting them because he keeps getting pulled to do things and misses mail call  when he asked if he had any letters, his drill instructor went batshit crazy on him  it brought him down  i know i've fallen behind, but i'm getting him regular letters now  please, please, do the same "
"is ready for a three day weekend  lots of cleaning and movie plotting to do  also get to be in a parade monday, in zombie horror theme  now    what to be    ?"
finally beat batman: arkham asylum! epic!
"'s movie pre-production is gaining momentum  should be able to start the script soon, and the effects are almost completely covered  *crosses fingers*"
is starting his script!
is amazed at the lack of attention he gets open carrying his pistol  that's a good thing!
"woke up this morning to find that he left his keys in the door all night  holy crap i would have been screwed if someone took them  and looking all over my house for weeks, because i never do that   annoyed "
just got more medical bills from earlier this year  when will this end?  annoyed 
"thank you again, guardian angels  i really don't know what i would do without you "
is finally seeing some progress with his weightlifting  plus he finally broke 150 lbs! heaviest i've ever been!
"hates his job, so, so much  time to find a new one  any suggestions?"
thank god it's fall!
is eating peanut butter and raisins on celery  mature? no  good? hell yes 
is bloodying up bandages    is it terror time already?
"well, that was interesting  ah well  nowhere to move here but onward "
wants to learn to play his guitar  anyone know anybody?
"ran on the treadmill at therapy today  yeah, you heard me right, ran! i was getting really worried i wasn't gonna be able to do that again, but i'm finally getting some strength back in my knee!"
"had a good night tonight  it ended especially well! i need help thinking of a costume for halloween, too  any suggestions? i'm leaning toward either scarecrow from batman, or an archangel "
is practicing his photoshop skills 
is excited for tommorow 
"is cleaning  boooring  got the hilltop hoods keeping me company on the xbox, at least "
is hanging out with ashleyyy!
"had a blast with <propfirst>! (and now, much needed sleep )"
is bored to death by his day job  can't wait to get back to dementia 
"i'm hurting pretty bad  might be down for the count tommorow  we'll see how i heal up tonight, i guess!"
"going to the little sister's birthday party! happy 8th, velle!"
off to have dinner with my grandmother! it's nice to have homecooked meals every now and then 
just hooked up his new hdtv  sweeeeeet 
just got off the phone with my doctor    looks like my leg could be fractured  getting an x-ray tommorow to tell for sure 
"\madness is the gift that has been given to me!\"""""
"my dog throws such a fit when i try to brush his teeth, i start thinking it isn't even worth it  then i remember how bad his breath really is and get that sh*t done "
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=fp9dhzgr758&nr=1\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=adw46gsmtxm&nr=1\\these are the two funniest things i have ever seen!"
my god  i don't know what i would do without energy drinks  probably die a sleep induced death 
"the haunted house is finally over, now i have time to work on scorn again  but do i have the drive to work on it still, is the question  -_-"
life just suddenly became a lot less complicated   love 
"just got cabela's dangerous hunts 2011  hooooly crap, this game is wicked  and hard   annoyed "
"just spent some time with my little brother, <propfirst> quick  really good to see him again, really proud of what he's doing and who he's become  gonna put him in a headlock if he calls me a garbage civilian again "
"so we went to dinner tonight, <propmale> looked real spiffy in his dress uniform  we hadn't been in the restaurant waiting for our table for five minutes when a man approached my brother and shook his hand and thanked him for what he was doing  he may not have seen combat yet, but i saw the pride in him in that moment none the less, and he deserves it  it almost feels like he's the big brother now "
just had the best day ever yesterday  ever! life continues to get better and better with you around!
just got a new phone! the evo4g!
"i tend to be pretty good with technology, you all know that  i pick it up quick and don't usually have any problems, regardless of how new it is  this new phone though, is putting me in my place   annoyed "
"just beat modern warfare 2, that game is epiiic! can't wait for the next one!"
applebees this weekend?  wink 
got me a <propfirst> foreman grill  let the good times begin 
a church of scientology in my neighborhood? i'm not gonna stand for that 
black ops is much cooler than i was led to believe 
you  can't  win  this  fight!
great  my computer broke and i have no clue why  yet another thing i need to dump the money i don't have into  - -
"sometimes, i just wanna move far far away and start from scratch "
is so f%#king bored  i have got to get out of this apartment 
"recommend a movie for me to watch  any genre, any time period  preferably your favorite movie  the only stipulation is that you need to tell me why (continued)"
augh! my whole apartment complex just lost power!
"got the computer fixed, but i've finally got my mind set on getting a new one  seeing about getting one built now, if that falls through, i'll go shopping  i neeeed an updated game machine "
may need a power supply swapped out in my prospective new computer    anyone think they can help me with that?  laugh 
has a new computer in the mail and a new  45 in his hand  it feels like christmas!
woooo! school's closed! snow day!    waitaminute   annoyed 
"   fuzzy leg warmers, omg "
i wanna make you feel like your the only girl in the world 
"got the whole computer thing sorted out, thanks to <propmale> d  harrod  moved all the stuff from the <propfemale> tower to a full sized one  running windows 7 on a brand new machine now, i can finally relax!"
she finally said those three words i've been waiting years to hear   smile 
heading over to grandma's to spend the <propfemale> with the quick side of the family  <propfemale>ryone be safe tonight!
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
playing world of warcraft: cataclysm and listening to eluveitie  epic morning 
"got the surround sound hooked up  still gotta tack down the wires, and splice some more wire onto one of the speakers, but it sounds pretty good  also: one more day of work, then five days off  epiiic  hit me up!"
"surround sound is now completely hooked up and put in place  no more loose wires  i'm proud of myself   laugh  happy new year, everyone!"
"it's monday, and i've still got today and tommorow off! nyah nyah!  laugh "
woke up to a text from my girlfriend full of pictures of her blood elf warlock she designed for wow  that made my day     i'm such a nerd 
misses his meggiezilla   sad 
"film crew: we've got a camera and camerawoman for use for the movie  this ain't no cheap camera, either! can you say hd?!"
"today is <propfemale>'s first day of school! good luck, meggie!  love "
is living the good life!  laugh 
"can't stop rearranging his living room  <propfemale> and i finally came up with the end all arrangement, but it's going to involve a lot of work, including taking down the entire surround sound system  oh boy "
"for once in my life, everything is going right  from a girl whose smile makes my whole world, to my best friends who make everything a hilarious adventure  i've got no stress right now, not worried about anything  and for the first time in ten years, i got money back from taxes! that's never happened!  laugh "
"weekend, where did you go?! ugh "
"for some reason, my post from earlier this week didn't go through  i got a raise and a bonus after my review! i have much more appreciation for my job, now  also, just upgraded my desktop computer  wireless keyboard and mouse, plus a 20 inch lcd monitor  gonna set up the girlfriend's desktop here so i can teach her to play wow before i ship it off to her place  rock on!"
going to buy dead space 2! zombie hunting    in spaaace!
"holy sh*tf*ck!  dead space 2 is the scariest thing i've ever played watched! game has made me scream like a little girl more times than i'm comfortable with, and i'm only an hour in!"
updating my status with a python around my neck  never thought i'd say that 
"the world is not ending, fucktards, its going to snow! going to this grocery store would make you think it was the apocalypse!"
"so, it's been a while since the blizzard  the roads are almost cleared  think my parking lot is? no  two feet of snow, everywhere  i get home and end up sliding in nearly sideways to a \parking spot\""  they couldn't have plowed half the spots? so here's the best part: they don't have a snowshovel to let me dig my car out with  so i end up having to do it with a dustpan  i hate this fucking place """
anyone want a 32 inch standard def tv?
"tired of putting in my all at work just to get fucked over  there's your lesson for the day kids  don't try your hardest, because even if you do,"
zombies    in space! brilliant!
"sometimes it's the littlest things in life that make you happy  like coming home from a hard day at work and looking up at your third floor apartment, where your dog is peering down at you and fidgeting excitedly "
"jet's pizza, world of warcraft and techno rock playlist  must be friday night "
beat dead space 2  epiiic  i feel so accomplished 
" love  happy valentines day, meggie! thank you for making everyday an adventure and being my teammate through it all  i love you!  smile   love "
"i'm not gonna have any days off left this year! i finally decide to buckle down and save what i got, and we get another blizzard! augh! > sad "
"just set grandma quick up with cable internet  i'm gonna give her a crash course in facebooking soon, and then she'll be here, quick family "
"mom didn't like me saying one sentence defending my brother's right to get a tattoo so bad that she un-friended me, and for some bizzare reason, my girlfriend, who's never done anything to her  congratulations, mom, you win the \most immature move of the week\"" award!"""
"just saw rango with meggie  it was  awesome   <propfirst> depp plays a peculiar character, as always, but for once he's not a completely out-there crazy guy  and two words: rattlesnake <propmale>, probably one of my favorite movie characters ever "
"happy st  <propfemale>'s day once again, lads and lasses! careful out there tonight! personally, i'm sitting at home with the vodka and the black ops  hell yeah!"
"21-3, black ops tdm! yeeeeeeah!"
"sometimes, i hate my life just because i gotta get up for work this early  this is one of those times  -_-"
like this comment if you're fucking sick of michigan 
"what is this, the winter that never f#@*ing ends?!"
