cc1fa880d71999ec0983ee9505d55a7c
nothing
chillin
damn chargers made me cry
fuck
leave me a msg if ur tryin to get tats
mafia wars is the shit
go and join  
bored as hell at the house hit the celly up  
last night was bad ass but tonights gonna be way better  
mardigras was badd ass last night
estoy bueno e como estas tu?
got kicked out of whiskey girls last night cuz of sum dumb ass mother f@#$er!!! but it was still fun as hell  
happey easter everybody
west coast!!!
thanks to everyone wishing me a happpy b day man im havin a bad ass weekend    hungover as fuck hit the celly up
i hop up out da beddd   turn my swagggg onnnn
life gives u ten minutes of happiness for ten days of saddness   but man is every second of that happiness worth it  
r i p to all those who dies in the tragedy of the church bombing   may god bless their souls and bless all their families and burn those fucking ass holes who did this in eternal darkness and hell them and their families and anyone who supports them or thinks its a good idea to kill innocent people for any reason    fucking cowards!!
"god saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around you and whispered come with me  with tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away  although we love you dearly we could not make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us, he only takes the best  put as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas"
<propfemale> xmas everyone and much love from the one and only  
"can anyone tell me what \smh\"" means????"""
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have an amazing mother, put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"there are times\i've suffered shipwrecks in my journeys;\in perils of robbers;\in perils of false brethren;\in perils of my own design \yet, from these perils comes knowledge; only from within may we truly shine  (2pac)"
stressed in helllll todayy
whats up with these boaterr ass drivers that dunno how to drive but pay 200 n get a license n now causin most accidents in el cajonnn   wtfff learn how to drive atleast if ur gonna drive at all
