1f386f87818ffe0417e606854b44bed3
missing someone terribly & need him back soon 
"as we grow up, we learn that even the 1 person that wasn't supposed 2 ever let us down, probably will  u'll have ur heart broken & u'll break others' hearts life comes w  no guarantees, u just have 2 live life 2 the fullest, tell some1 what they\mean 2 u   don't b afraid 2 take chances or fall n love  most of all, live n the moment cause every sec u spend angry or upset is a sec\of happiness u can never get back "
"finally, going to get out of the house and take a break from working my ass off!  it is well over due and hopefully won't be feeling too damn bad in the morning   and if i do, i am kicking it relaxing all weekend after tonight "
"you cant give what isn't given to you or e playful ect anything in return, if you have nothing to begin with"
too much time to think about all the bs in my life   starting tomorrow it is all irrelevant!  xoxo
"only the loving find love, and they never have to seek for it "
"i always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but i never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry \"",2010-11-08 04:17:12""",1f386f87818ffe0417e606854b44bed3,"don't go for looks, they can deceive  don't go for wealth,\even that fades away  go for someone who makes you\smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day\seem bright "
"more than anything   i hate when i am right, about something that was so wrong!  to: all the fake ass people (that were in my life)   from:  a true friend   xoxo"
"some people will not tolerate such emotional honest in communication   they would rather defend their dishonesty on the grounds that it might hurt others   therefore, having rationalized their phoniness into nobility, they settle for superficial relationships "
"i can not even begin to e playful ain what wonderful, amazing,feeling i feel  but, i do know this, \i believe!\""  it is game on from here on out and for the second time around i think i got it figured out!  xoxo"""
"we are free to choose the emotions that arise in us, we are free to choose how and when to e playful ress them, provided we know what they are!"
"give up what you do not want, and keep what you do   it should be simple, right¿?"
"reguardless of how little you have, you can always give comfort and encouragement!  xoxoxo"
there is no elevator to success   you have to take the stairs 
faith is taking a step even when you can't see the stairs 
i' ve learned that you can keep going long after you think you can't   xoxo
what happens when an irresistable force meets an immovable object?
rum!!!!  x 6
"sprite   then, gin   forever!!!"
you can't always get what you want   and if you try sometimes   u might find what u need   
