92f43099f73ec97c1df40dea22d32250
just got back from the emergency room 
does not want to go to school tomorrow  sad 
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!! ???
just failed my road test 
is better after i found out that only 5% of kids that take their road test in oshkosh pass the first time 
is sad but at the same time happy  and a little shocked  if that makes any sense 
feels like crap 
just got bangs!???
can't wait for tomorrow but needs to clean her room so she can get the car 
"getting ready, then possibly lunch and shopping ???"
"getting ready, then spending the day with my mom, probably doing some homework later tonight "
is really excited about her car that she gets tomorrow night!!!
feels like she wants to die 
wishes he would just change his mind 
go north!!! wooohhhhh!!!
you're in my arms and all the world is calm  ?
"hanging with <propfemale> brewer , babysitting later "
and somehow i know that it will all turn out ???
"movie and pizza night, melons coming over soon, then bed ???"
packers game!!!???
"went to the uwo game, then <propmale> out  had tons of fun ???"
really hates poetry 
had the most amazing night  ???
is pretty sure she has the swine 
and somehow i know that it will all turn out ???
is getting ready for school  sail after that  then homework 
really wishes he could just realize everything and do something about it 
going to see zach!
had a pretty good halloween  packer game and homework today 
is really frustrated that some people can't do little things for someone just because they hate them for a stupid reason  uggghhhh!
"going to dance soon  school tomorrow, then sail ???"
just found out that she's going to the packer game on sunday! so excited!!! aj hawk=???
"and i don't know why but with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress, fearless  ???"
soooo excited for tomorrow!!! hawk=?
had an amazing time at the packers game!!!  hawk=?
is really worried about her g-ma 
happy thanksgiving!!!
had a great time shopping!
"is babysitting <propmale> and connor, the north game rocked!"
bbbbboooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddddddddddd 
"getting ready, then shooping, lunch and spanish project  text ? "
spanish project then maybe the north game 
"going to the blindside, soooo excited for <propfemale>!!!"
"and i can't fight this feeling anymore, i've forgotten what i started fighting for ???"
going to get the christmas tree!!! text!
"school, sail, then home to sleep  awesome game last night  ???"
snow day!!! sooooo excited!!! i'm gonna watch elf and go sledding!!
going to the north game in appleton  text  ???
"juat the thought of you can drive me wild, ooh you make me smile  ???"
doing math homework  sad 
supposed to be doing my english essay but not actually working on it   
homework  sad    but only one more day!!!  smile 
no school tomorrow!!! but babysitting from 7 smile 0 till like 4 
babysitting   really pissed off 
"home  bed soon, but probably gonna watch an svu first  smile "
"cleaning  getting ready  subway, then invictus with stoner  ???"
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
work 11-3 then packer game    smile 
just registered for the act  smile 
"really tired, probably going to bed soon, school and dance tomorrow  sad "
"bed, school tomorrow, then nothing  at least i think   "
north west game!!! so excited!!!  smile 
soooo fricking pissed at refs right now 
"school, then home, then maybe dance  ???"
doing homework  sad 
"i'm so gangster, i'm so thug, you're the only one i'm dreaming of  ???"
"babysitting, quest for <propfemale> mints tomorrow at 9 am  text it "
"doing hw, doesn't feel very good "
soooo tired and really doesn't feel good   
home sick  sad 
had an awesome day hanging with trini for like 9 hours ???
if you could see that i'm the one who understands you been here all along so why can't you see? you belong with me ???
got a new phone and needs some <propfirst>!!!
"can't fall asleep, act tomorrow morning, soooooo nervous!!!"
"hanging with trini, the dumbo who wouldn't pick up the shoes "
"lunch with <propfemale>, then superbowl party   go saints!!!"
did not feel like p  diddy when i woke up this morning  and i don't think that i will be brushing my teeth with a bottle of <propfirst> daniels  either   
"and i don't know why, but with you i'd dance, in a storm, in my best dress, fearless ???"
"eating dinner, then going to the game ???"
has a random craving for pickles   
home sick  sad 
really really bored and wants to go shopping really really bad 
"getting ready, then hw, and then family party!!!"
"finally done with hw, bed, school tomorrow  ???"
i feel like i'm going to puke   
i hate my life 
cleaning then hopefully to trini's house and then the game!! go north!!!
"if you could see that i'm the one who understands you, been here all along, so why can't you see?? you belong with me ???"
still trying to solve the mystery with my bffl <propfemale> <propfemale> goren   
"cause in the longest line, the front and the back are the same sometimes  ???"
i made a pro con list and pro totally won  ???
"what you've got boy, is hard to find  i think about it all the time  i'm all strung out, my heart is fried  i just can't get you off my mind  ???"
washington lost  sad 
hanging with <propfirst> ???
does not want tomorrow to come  sad 
getting ready for dance pics ugghhhhhhhhh  sad 
going bowling with <propfemale> and stoner  ???
happy easter!!!
leaving for missouri in about 5 minutes    smile       sooooooo excited!!!
coming home tomorrow  ???
sooooooo excited for the weekend and her job interview on sunday!!!
finally got a job!!!
math homework   sad 
up north for the weekend  text!!    smile 
"babysitting, mall tomorrow, then pasta!!!"
"sooooooo tired, still doing math hw   sad "
excited for tonight!!!
almost friday!!!    smile 
super excited for wednesday!!!
"im falling apart, i'm barely breathing, with a broken heart, that's still beating "
work 11-2 and then hanging out with my favorite sister!!
we're all part of the same sick little games and i need a getaway 
babysitting for nate and connor till 9ish
"and i'm just afraid i've been singing about love, but i'll never find out what it means  and if i was honest about what the problem is, i'd have to admit that it's me  ???"
"sat subject tests in fondy, work from 12 to 3, then babysitting at 5 smile 0 till 10   smile "
"2 finals today, trig and spanish 4     sad "
19 days!!!!!!!! ???
"act this morning in fond du lac, then dancing at irishfest tonight around 5 "
11 days!!! ???
going golfing with <propfemale> today  super excited!!!
going golfing    again 
at the brewer's game with all of my favoriite people!!!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!  it was amazing  love you all!!! ???
i ? the great gatsby 
"and i'd give it all, just to lay one night in your arms  ???"
"you're halfway in, but don't take too long, cause i'm halfway gone, i'm halfway gone "
"work 5-10, still doesn't feel good     sad "
"golf tournament in new london tomorrow, then camping until thursday or friday    smile "
camping till thursday!!    smile 
"had an awesome day, super excited for golf tomorrow, loving <propfemale>'s new hair, really tired and burnt    smile "
"had fun today, golf tomorrow 8-10 then touring uw-milwaukee and friday touring <propfemale>!!!   smile "
i'm fricking sick of everything 
i hate my life even more than i did before 
"getting in the shower, then registration "
the screen on my phone broke    sad 
"hanging with stoner, daaaannnnnaaaaaa and broke tonight!!!"
why don't you and i get together?? and take on the world and be together forever  ???
leaving for the football game     super excited!!!
work 12-2  then cleaning and shopping    smile 
"getting in the shower, then shopping    smile "
"busy day today, work, then golf match in appleton    smile "
soooooooooo streesed out right now  going to bed 
confederate nazis!!!
hanging with <propfemale> and the confederate nazis    smile 
"maybe it's not my weekend, but it's going to be my year  ?? 53 days    smile "
procastinating on my english paper that's due tomorrow      smile 
"going to bed,  super tired, excited to go shopping for coach    smile "
i'm gonna miss my golf girls soooooooo much!!!  sad 
"tired  school, then work    sad "
"breakfast with my girls, golf tournament in fondy, then work    smile "
i feel like i'm going to die  breakfast with my favies then conference meet all day    smile 
conference was cancelled    sad      but now i can go to <propfemale>'s volleyball game!!  smile 
i'm going to be a polygamist and live in saudi arabia    smile 
on to sectionals!!!    smile 
going to bed  sectionals all day tomorrow!!!   i'm gonna cry!!!!    sad 
is still crying     sad 
"play the music low, and sway to the rhythm of love  ??"
"work 4 to 7, then to the game with <propfemale>!!!"
"work 11 smile 0 to 3, then getting ready, then homecoming!!  super excited!!!!"
finally going to bed  tomorrow's gonna suck 
going to bed  super excited for first hour tomorrow!!!
migranes suck 
finally finished her spanish paper  still has a headache 
"work, then homework i guess "
work 11-3 and 4-6:45  then working on my english project with <propfemale> 
put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from being a viking fan  being a vikings fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for vf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  90% of vikings fans won't repost this    because they don't know how to copy and paste
all time low concert tomorrow!!! super excited!!!!!!!!!!  ?
i wish i could go back  can we stop the world from turning??
finally going to bed  i hate my life sometimes 
i love my life 
"two poached eggs super runny, white toast, extra crispy hash browns and some bacon  yum!!!   smile "
"headache, bed now, uggghhhhhhhhhhh "
cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly  ?
i frickin hate people  fml  going to bed 
they have flaps!!!!!!!!!    smile 
"work 4 to 8, then home and bed    smile "
"here's a song for the nights i think too much, and here's a song when i imagine us together, here's a song for when we talk too much and i forget my words  ?"
packer's game   ?
"there's gotta be something else out there for me, i could feel it in my heart the day i started to dream  ?"
making a snowman!!   smile 
ahhhh!!!!!! i jsut got accepted to uw-green bay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    smile 
"2010 is almost over, confess to me something youve always wanted to tell me, send me a message it will stay between us, i promise  put this as your status, you might be surprised"
"work 4-7, then maybe the basketball game "
"work 11 to 4, then decorating the christmas tree and wrapping some presents   smile "
"tell the devil i said \hey\"" when you get back from where you're from  ?"""
"<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!!  cleaning, then church, then grandparent's house  ?"
<propfemale> christmas!!  i got a laptop!!!!!
bed soon  work tomorrow 11-4  this was the best christmas ever    smile 
i really don't feel good    sad 
watching the packer's game    smile 
i  love  aj hawk    as his framed picture sits on my couch   
working on scholarships and a christmas present  going shopping with <propfemale> and <propfemale> later    smile 
barnes and <propmale> with <propfemale> and <propfemale>    smile 
i love the packers!!  and aj hawk!!   love 
"going to my grandparent's house to celebrate my mom's birthday  i get to wear my new golf shirt tomorrow!!! if you're on the team, you should too!!!   smile "
going to bed    smile 
"packer fans, let's turn facebook green & gold this week in support of the real <propfemale>'s team, the green bay packers! change your profile pic to your favorite packer player until sunday - <propfirst> 16th and repost this in your status for the next 12 hours  let's show how fast we can fill facebook profile pics with packers! go pack go"
go pack go!!!!!!!
let's go seahawks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       smile 
gym with mom and <propfemale>    smile 
i don't feel good    sad 
"tell me, did you fall for a shooting <propfemale>? one with out a permanent scar  and did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there?   love "
"planet fitness, then back to school    smile "
chili  yum!   smile 
"bed, school at 1 tomorrow    smile "
had a fun night    smile 
"walmartt, then party    smile "
"work 11-2, then packer game!!   smile "
aaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! superbowl!!!!!!!!  go pack go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm officially the president of the papcg 
"fml  i'm screwed  getting ready, then work 4-8 "
"bed, work 11-2 tomorrow    smile "
excited for class tomorrow with stayci hanson-herman!!!!   smile 
"uwo classes cancelled, just waiting for oasd  i'm gonna be waiting awhile  haha    smile "
"homework, then maybe planet fitness, then superbowl!!!!!!!!!! go pack go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   smile "
superbowl xlv champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   and i won 45 bucks!!!!!!!  i love my life!!!!!   smile 
"here we go, come with me \there's a world out there that we should see\ love "
i  love  this weather 
wishes she could go down to <propfemale> right now 
"getting ready, dinner, pedicure, and then maybe watching titanic    smile "
"work 11-4, then maybe study group if it's not too bad outside    smile "
"here we go,\come with me,\there's a world out there \that we should see \ love "
stupid uwo    classes @ 10:20 and 11 smile 0 
"yesterday, \all my troubles seemed so far away,\now it looks as though they're here to stay "
uggghhh  i cannot run of four hours of sleep  had a good night though    smile 
"dance, then home to sleep   smile "
"sooner or later it comes down to fate\i might as well be the one, \you know that only the good die young\ love "
still so frustrated  work 4 smile 0 to 7 
"hanging with <propfemale> hope grunske, maybe watermelon slushies, if we get there in time    smile "
i fricking hate my life 
<propfemale>    smile 
comfy day    love 
had a fantastic night early morning    smile 
"cause the spaces between my fingers, are right where yours fit perfectly    smile "
guys are stupid  fml 
i am sooooo fricking upset right now    sad 
it's all going to be okay  aj hawk was officially re signed to the packers    smile 
ugghhhh  im gonna fail my history exam tomorrow      sad 
okay  so my day got a little less stressful   smile 
work 5 to 9   smile 
sei <propfemale>    smile 
work 11:15 to 4   <propfemale> <propmale>'s birthday party after    smile 
aahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im super excited!!!!   smile 
"happy birthday <propfemale> <propmale>, my little <propfemale>    smile "
i really don't feel good   sad 
"sibling war!!! copy this if you are the best and the smartest of your siblings  if this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting, it's so true!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile "
im fricking pissed 
"it's national book week  the rules are: grab the closest book to you  turn to <propfemale> 56  copy the 5th sentence as part of your status  don't mention the book  post these rules as part of your status \\\i took dinner usually at the yale club-for some reason it was the gloomiest event of my day-and then i went upstairs to the library and studied investments and securities for a conscientious hour \"""""
working on my spanish project 
"cause the spaces between my fingers,\are right where your's fit perfectly \ love "
good day so far  i got a 94% on my history exam    smile 
"happy st  <propfirst>'s day!!! school, then riverdance at 7 smile 0    smile "
dinner then riverdance    smile 
with my favorite cousins    smile 
"math placement test, then work 11-3 "
