2eb465998ac85c5ebc6df9729a2df2e3
one new years resolution   i'm excited   and also excited that things seem to be coming together with the move and workplace    yay!  smile 
i've never heard of a hairstylist being laid off   until yesterday   when i was laid off   that means either working more days at hair play   or starting school   both good options   
just wants to get out and run to think  i'm lonely 
 smile 
haha thinks people are funny
is sooo happy!  i finally have a room again! yay   awesome times  smile 
hopes it doesn't rain today so that we can enjoy lagoon  smile 
it's time to put brevon to bed
"i love brevon's creative mind! it's so fun to listen to his idea's   which, i'm not saying a word about, because brevon and i don't want anybody else to steel our awesome ideas and plans   we own them  smile "
it's my dad's birthday today  gotta get him something   
wow thank you for the love you guys  i've needed it extra lately  smile  you must feel it 
just came upstairs and my little 3 month old nephew is still here! he woke up and now i'm rocking him   i'm tired and sad   everyone else is asleep   where is my bro?
i guess i should get packing   smile 
is back home to comfort   yay!!  smile 
is lovin the past couple weeks  smile 
feels blessed on multiple accounts today 
is really irritated at what my cell phone caused tonight   stupid non-working phones! aside from tonight   great day! i miss my boyfriend 
aww   time for sleep   i worked a 12 hour day   my back is killing!  but it was a great day  smile 
"it's so, so good to see my little boy! gotta go kiss him   "
had my wisdom teeth taken out today   whew   scary!  i'm glad its over 
"hey you all!  is anyone interested in permanent cosmetics, electrolysis, hair, or skin care?? if so, let me know soon! i'm giving 20% off to anybody who mentions this post   even on permanent make-up and electrolysis   can i say smokin' deal! let me know  smile "
"hey you all! is anyone interested in hair (cuts, colors, etc), permanent cosmetics, electrolysis, or skin care?? if so, let me know soon!  i'm giving 20% off to anybody who mentions this post   even on permanent make-up and electrolysis   can i say smokin' deal!  let me know  smile "
kinda hates september  october please come soon!
woah  i have lost 15 pounds in the last month and a 1 2  happens every fall  does anyone have any answers for that??  i'm thinkin possible water retention in spring and summer?
"is so, so happy!!  smile "
i got the best surprise tonight  smile 
"so i got to thinkin   i don't curl my eye-lashes, but i know many of you women do!  did you know you can get them permed? and it lasts for 1 to 2 months!   yeah   i do it for a few people who swear by it and absolutely love it!  so just thought i'd throw it out there and tell you beautiful girls to give me a call and get it done! (boys- tell your moms and girlfriends  smile "
"my son brought me breakfast in bed this morning   he was up all alone, so he pulled out the cheese, grater, and chips   made me some nachos and a drink   he even hugged and kissed me for being so proud of himself  haha  i love him so much! he's always so thoughtful and concerned for me   and takes care of me   i have the sweetest son of all time!!  i'm so proud of him  smile "
"what an awesome 2nd to last day at my job   the people and the money totally rocked! i'll tell ya what though, i need a chill pill   my tummy has been going crazy for days now    or months   "
brevon turns 5 in a few hours  i can't believe this!
"awww, thank you everyone for your birthday wishes!  i appreciate it tons!  love you all!"
i know i'm going to get comments about my boyfriend and i breaking up   please keep them light and supportive  i'll always have respect and care for him   break ups are always hard   i just want him to be happy and i'll be happy too 
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, whether we do or do not speak often, please post a comment of the first memory of you and i that pops into your head  when you are finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
"in my entire life i have never e playful erienced love as i have this week   it's incredible  it's all around me! in family, friends, strangers, clients, & work buddies   in their words, touch, looks, whistles-whatever-i feel it  insane, yet blissful   smile  thank you all who have shared your love, concern, and care!  i am so happy   i hope this new feeling never goes away!"
"my son, brevon, has 2 best friends   one here in kaysville, and the other in farmington at our other home   i love that he finally has boys to play with who he loves!  it makes me so happy to see him happy "
so my friend just taught me how to do the  love    i am so excited you don't even know!!  yes        love 
is just a little bugged right now
"haha my brother and sister in law don't like my profile picture   they think i look old   or something, i don't know   so i'm laughing    i like it!"
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same
happy birthday brother!!!  you can't read this but i'm sure you're day will be perfect   you make all your days perfect 
feels pretty excited about my christmas tree!   it's even better than last time i put it up   4 years ago   so happy!  smile 
just got home from my 5 day road trip!  fun times   it will be the best to see brevon though!  smile 
"sweet thing: i was worried about my car sliding in the snow driving home tonight   and brevon told me if i have faith, that jesus won't let me slip  and then he told me that maybe i should tell all my friends if they have faith, that jesus will help them with things    smile  thank you all who help teach my son!"
long day of work   the good thing about moving is that i'll only have to focus on one job   but i'm still sad about losing my business   sad  only 3 weeks left of it! come see me everybody!
my new profile picture of brevon is about a year and a half old    but it's so cute and funny!  i'm laughing   it makes me happy every time i look at it!
my brother <propfirst> just got engaged tonight!!     and i got to be involved in it  smile 
is starting school   what?   
should i or should i not?  i want to but don't want to   
i sang to <propmale> <propmale> under your bed   because the voices told me to   
feels strange   i don't know what to do about it 
"everybody   i'm working at hair play in kaysville now! come see me! i'll give you 20% off if you mention this   smile  oh, and they also have an awesome little room for me to do electrolysis, permanent make-up, waxing, spa treatments and chemical services   everything you need, right there   smile "
is excited for our adventure tonight!! happy birthday mom!
my mom just said one of the most absurd things i've ever heard    ew  that's all 
for anyone contemplating divorce   which i don't wish upon anybody    make sure to tie all the loose ends right at the beginning   don't wait 4 years later    it's a nightmare 
"a very pretty girl who is shy at first but then she will open up  she is very trustworthy and has a great sense of humor  she falls for people fast and doesn't trust easily  she is beautiful inside and out people just don't realize it      yet  shes kickass and a great friend to have  man, <propfemale> is the total package  natalie: cool beautiful hott sexy bestfriend   (go to urbandictionary com to find yours)"
"i love tax time   i am so happy right now!  smile   brevon, i love you son "
what an awesome day!  remember to take risks and follow your gut  taking risks = no regrets   smile 
"my son made paper roses for all the girls in his class, all by himself   totally his idea!  and just a little bit ago he said \i think the girls need something else too     a diamond!\""  so we made 7 <propfemale> rings (out of paper)  he said \""they'll for sure kiss me now \""  hahaha my son is so cute!  what little girl wouldn't want a homemade ring from a cute boy?  smile """
"my parents are doing awesome, <propfirst> got married yesterday, jason eliana are happily moving forward with life, i have brevon so of course i'm happy, kalli has a boy ; makell has a house,  <propfirst>'s coming home soon   wahoo!, <propfemale> is in love  smile , <propmale> is better than ever, and <propmale> has his ultimate joy at the palm of his hand   his i-touch  i love seeing my family happy!  they are the greatest and i love them!!"
i'm eating a grapefruit and it's delicious!  did you know there are benefits to eating grapefruit besides its nutritional value?  wink 
ok   my son has been sick since thursday!   it's breaking my heart   i miss his energy   sad   will everyone please pray for him to get better very soon?!
learning you are really an inch taller than you've always thought adds a whole new dynamic to your life   it hurts   
interesting   i didn't know that you are taller in the morning than you are at night   i need to google this   
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
life is great!!!  smile 
on the floor
"had an awesome weekend in beautiful st  <propfirst> with my son, and some very very very talented musicians  smile "
i really miss brevon   the first time in over 4 years that my son is spending the night with his dad     deep breath   
the wind is whistling at me     wink 
"my view toward \players\"" has changed   we're all just tryin to live it up and have fun until we meet the right one   right? yeah """
"beautiful day!   and fun at the park with my son flying his new kite!   so i'm not sure why i'm feeling so solumn, and tired, and a little down   "
"i'm obsessing over the killers-when you were young,   my goodness!!!"
"so if anyone gets this hottest video ever thing from me, don't watch it   i think its a scam virus thing    i just noticed it on a friends wall    i didn't send anything!!!"
"great day!! i'm sooo tired, but happy  smile "
"i'm trying to e playful and my permanent cosmetics side of business   i'll travel to their home   smile  for helping me out and spreading the word, i'll give you a deal on hair, facials, or any service i do, including the permanent make-up  also i'm running summer specials on body waxing!! call me  smile "
"my dad just told me a heart-melting story (at least to me  wink \dad: \brevon"," did you give everyone a pack of gushers?\""\"2eb465998ac85c5ebc6df9729a2df2e3,"women are angels, and when someone breaks our wings; we simply continue to fly         on a broomstick!we're flexible like that "
"my friend asked me what the hi-light of my day was   so i told him   and then, i brilliantly decided that i need to do a hi-light of the day journal!  to help keep things positive   smile  now i'm excited "
there's nothin' like a good work out!  wink 
"yesterday was one of the best days of the year so far!  smile   sis got married, and i got to spend the whole day with people i love!"
"i need my safe place now! weather, please get better so i can go there   please!!"
"feels relieved in multiple ways  smile   one, this little <propfemale> is now completely debt free!  smile "
brevon and i just took a 3 mile walk   what an adventure!   and then he ran almost the whole last mile home!   wow 
its interesting that one can feel they are at their worst and their best at the same time  it's hard to make sense out of it unless it's happened to you  it means i'm on my way to becoming the woman i'm meant to be  and i can't wait  smile 
life is wonderful  especially when it's <propfemale> and warm and beautiful outside!!  smile 
i don't even know
i just noticed an ugly spider on the wall right next to me  ew  sad 
i'm going camping  we all know what that means  no cell service!  it's always interesting trying to adjust to no cell phone ha   bye!!
"brevon just said he's probably gonna go to hell for lying   what?!! so i asked if he'd rather go to heaven and he said \yeah   cause i don't wanna miss my mommy \"" awww  smile  and then i proceeded to tell him about the atonement   again   my sensitive boy will catch on one of these days   i'm proud of him for being honest about lying though hahaha"""
"once every 5 years or so, i go shopping with my mom  today was was one of them   we should go more often mom, it's fun!!  smile "
i love brevon
oh my goodness  my little cousin <propfirst> is standing here laughing at me eating my creamy!!  he won't stop  haha silly boy  he's seriously been standing here starring at me for 5 minutes   
"\#1  focus  #2  <propfemale>  #3  concentrate   \"" he calmly says as he whoops the little sword fighting people on wii sports!!   he beat every single level! can i say amazing!! way to go my little man! and awesome positive attitude  smile  he makes me proud """
passed my first interview! friday i meet with mr  ceo  good luck to me! (i'm a little nervous )  i think i've got it!  wink 
"i have to wait till mid next week to find out if i got the job! i'm nervous!!  i feel like they like me and that i would be awesome   but you just never know  they are interviewing like crazy which is making my adrenaline rise   a lot!  1 position open  i figure now, that what's right will be right "
"i just realized i have an extremely awesome, very understanding family!!   well i always knew they were awesome   "
terrible news is bad    but it ultimately pushes you to something great if you let it 
"so brevon and i just ran a 1 2 mile chasing the ice cream man, who was driving away from us  ha ha we made it!  definately the hi-light of my day  smile "
taking a pole   is a knight's tale a chick flick or not?
"love my new job! and love when i make up yummy food! and i just found out that my kiss print means i'm picky, picky lol  good day  smile "
my son has his 1st loose tooth!  smile 
can't stop crying   one of my most favorite people in this world will be passing away soon  sad   i love you <propfemale> 
makell is engaged!!  smile  wahoo! just one more sister to go 
she's gone   but i'm sure so near 
4 siblings this year  this is exciting  i am so happy for them and my family  smile 
"6 years ago i know exactly where i was   waiting for a gift that was free! and i'd never return it or shun it- no matter how bent up, beat up, or broken it gets  the fact is, it's the most perfect thing i've ever known, or made, and i love it to the depths of my sweet little heart! i'm the luckiest!   really, i am   smile  (nod)"
my little niece who was born today is adorable!  smile  it reminded me how much i need another baby   it's amazing to be a mother   and i am supposed to have more babies  can't wait   smile 
"my clothes and shoes are dying to have space to breath     smile  congratulations to my sisters, kalli and makell, on their marriages tomorrow and friday  and special thanks to kalli for leaving me her (much bigger) room!  smile "
i'm listening to one of the greatest artists on earth   with some of the most amazing lyrics  makes me feel happy and inspired  smile 
i'm tired of getting stronger  life 
"is so happy   smile  i just joined a singles <propmale>   i love the spirit these people have, i love the connections and friendships i've made so far  i love how i feel when i'm there  i know i'm supposed to be there  church has never felt better than this   smile "
i finally just rolled out of bed   i slept through taking brevon to school! ah! i think my body is just so so exhausted 
"so   i wish i could invite all of you to come <propfemale> out with me in my new bedroom  because it's the most cozy, comfortable,  warm place i know of  and it's cute!   i keep adding to my candle collection   and then i light them and they make me so happy!  smile "
"have you ever felt like dying after a hard run or workout? well i almost really did, and then i drank a glass of chocolate milk   and now i'm alive again!  smile  i can't remember what friend told me it's the best thing to drink after a run, but it really works!"
"attention: guys and girls, i am working on a project and i would like to know your favorite cologns and perfums  (did i spell those wrong?)  guys, whats your favorite smell that the ladies wear? girls, whats your favorite smell on guys?"
"ok best friend of my life who i love   one of us needs to move so we can see each other at least weekly! rock, paper, scissors   "
"wow   both of them   interesting, slash, slightly discouraging  hmm, well  smile "
"for fun, today i went and played with brevon and his friends at recess   brevon made sure to keep me involved in everything, and he gave me lots of hugs and kisses and hold holding   in front of everyone!   and he's a total alfa male  i felt very, very special and loved   he liked showing me off   smile "
"5 years today    my goodness, when am i going to get re-married   lol"
"\mommy can we change our last name to best?   because you're the best mommy and i'm the best brevon \""  \""gladly\"" i said  ha ha how cool would that be?"""
"this may sound crazy, but i like to keep my friends below 200    looking for a few to delete   "
