286caf24ea27d1d1f34d290bfb6e9c2b
2010   can you believe that ive walked this earth for 16 years?fell asleep on the phone with my boyfriend lastnight haha  january 4 is my 10 month anniverserary!!!
working on my story!i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> ruggles!!! im in the mood for skittles and moutain dew for some reason   i dont want to go to school either   god its gonna suck really badly 
my mood went from being happy and acting high to being mad and wanting to hit my head into the wall  how fun is that? very fun
im very bored   
ahhhh i dont wanna go back to that evil place
i really dont wanna go to highschool on the 12 *uber sad face*
"hmm, just thinking bout life and how im going to survive school"
tired and happy for a looooong weekend!
"omg,urber bored and tired   "
i have a headache   from what i did last night
im in love   and im not telling no body *coughaunttanyaandchelseacough*
"i love tristan,drew,joe,blacky,lizzie and a random guy  smile "
getting yelled at by my dad   geez another worry to add to my ever ending list    love ya baby!
has never felt anything like this before  love 
 love  he is mine   i have never felt anything like this with no one     love 
" love love you forever,you know who im talking about"
 love  love you forever dj  love 
6 more days to my 15 birthday!!! i love you <propfirst> <propmale>  love 
4 more days to my birthday! i love him very much!
one more day till my b-day! yay!!!! i love you <propfirst>  love 
cant wait till tonight! home coming at 8 i love my dress that i got!
just got back! the dance was awesome and i learnt something new about me and my friends! lolz
im bisexual and proud!!!!!! happy national coming out day!!!!!! woot
is tired and is doing homework   yuck!!!
"peace,im off to <propfemale> land    loves being bisexual!"
is mad at my computer   it wont let me on the fave websites of mine  crying 
really wants my boyfriend to come to lexington   i miss him sooooo much
lalalalalalalalalala     misses my boyfriend badly  sad  cant wait till monday!
lalalalalalalalalala     misses my boyfriend badly  sad  cant wait till monday! (for my cousin)lalalalala   misses my cousin badly sad  cant wait till she comes back to visit!
soooo many questions that i can never answer  i love you <propfirst>!
"love,life,problems    geez how many issues must i put up with? too many questions that are answerless    "
is uber pissed
getting readyy for church! misses my boyfriend!!  love 
you all lost the game!!!! iam soooo shocked about something right now!
is waiting for something    
everyone needs to shut the hell up and leave me alone! especially the bitches who get me down!
why should i give a fuck anymore? he dont care about me   i knew it!
im tired   thank goddess it's the weekend! tomrrow is <propfirst>'s b-day and im going to his party!!!
i love my hubby!!!
cant wait till 2mrrow!!!! <propfemale>'s halloween party!!!
you all lost the game!!!!!!!!! muwahahahahaha!!!!!!
getting ready for school! yuck!!!
anyone else going to <propfemale>'s party? i dont wanna go unless i know someone    lolz
going to the party!!!! peace and happy samhain!!!  love 
happy samhain!!! maybe trick or treatin later 
so bored   this halloween sucks badly! playing bloody <propfirst> later maybe!
sooo tired and bored! trying to advoid my mom    she's wanting to talk to me
you want him  you need him  you act like isn't there  (he is)  you know that you're hollow and something's missing  you want to spend your whole life jaded and stuck in a rut you created for yourself? you push and you pull the hole in your soul  but you can't make that hunger disappear w  anything but him  god loves you  he wants to bless you  all you have to do is let him
is grounded and i dont know why    
"potrei parlarti ancora (di me)  delle lacrime che ho pianto,  di quel sorriso spento che,  nasconde centomila incognite,  di occhi estranei si di te   ,  di come avrai potuto fingere     ti prego resta qui     continuo a chiedermi,  continuo a illudermi,"
eating some skittles and drinking coke! i love you baby boy!!!
i dont feel good    stupid head hurts! love you babyboy!!!  love  my love for you grows everyday!  love 
i linger in the doorway our alarm clock screaming monsters calling widening let me stay where the wind will whisper to me where the raindrops as there falling tell there story if you need to leave the world you live in lay your head down and stay awake though you may not remember dreaming something waits for you to breath again
hold on to me love you know i can't stay long all i wanted to say was i love you and i'm not afraid can you hear me? can you feel me in your arms? holding my last breath  safe inside myself are all my thoughts of you sweet raptured light it ends here tonight
i had an ok time at the mall    i guess
i want your loving and i want your revenge you and me could write a bad romance (oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh!) i want your loving all your love is revengeyou and me could write a bad romance
"you tell me you love me then cast me aside after i fall for you  why do that to me? why lie and break & shatter my heart? you are the one who murders me my dear,turning my heart black,bitter and cold "
im doing my honors english homework assignment   it sucks! > sad 
im very tired  fell asleep on the phone with my boyfriend   hahaha it was funny 
i wrote your name on the bullet so you would know your the last thing that went through my head 
feels better after sleeping all day!!!
im going to confront phoenix tomrrow   hopefully there wont be a fight! she needs to stop hurting me and my friends and she needs to stop that little lying and drama    im sick of it all!!! wish me luck!
i cant wait till christmas!! i want some books and music   hopefully my mom and other family *hint hint aunt <propfemale>* will get me them!!!
"illusions or real illusions, hidden in an illusion is the real illusion, from an illusion will sprout another illusion, hidden in truths lie lies and hidden in lies hides the truth it only takes one bullet with your name carved on it  one hand to pull the trigger  and you end up with one less person "
"ilusiones o espejismos real, oculto en <propfemale> ilusión es la ilusión real, de <propfemale> ilusión brotará otra ilusión, escondido en las mentiras y las verdades se encuentran ocultos en la mentira oculta la truth it sólo tiene <propfemale> bala con su nombre grabado en él  <propfemale> mano para apretar el gatillo  y termina con <propfemale> persona menos "
got my hair cut! can wait to show it offf!!! im sooo mad at those electric workers  cant believe they cut down my trees without permission 
im tired and i need out of this house!!!! i might just go insane if i dont   
boo   my straightener is messing up   hopefully i can get another one 
"<propfemale> christmas (or holidays) and a happy new year! be <propfemale>,get drunk,and eat! hahaha j k on the getting drunk part   or was i j king?"
"<propfemale> christmas!!! hope you have a great time! i know i will be, because im listening to justian bieber and lady gaga!!!"
getting new glasses tommrrow to match my new hair and new make up and clothes!!!!
i look im high and on drugs!
im tired and i miss my friends and crushes  sad 
just woke up and i might go take a nap! haha stupid pills
im tired  happy early new years!!! hahahahaha
so glad its new years <propfemale>!!! i get to drink some captain <propfirst> spoced rum tonight!!!
wow  school was uber boring and looooooong today  gym tomorrow   thats sucks  everyone surprisingly liked my new hair and noticed my changes  getting new glasses soon!!!!  love   love   love 
tired and bored  sapphira schlomann and me might be doin something saturday!!!
praying for the snow to come down!!!i miss my boyfriend    havent talked to him forevers 
mom is bugging me  i cant tell her about someone who is bisexual   she is gonna ground me if i dont tell her   but i called friend confidentuality and she called mom confidentuality   so what do i do? missin my bf and prayinggg for the snow to come down!!!
yay snow!!! getting my new glasses this afternoon!!! cant wait to see again   lol
new hair sad heck  new make up sad heck  new glasses sad heck  new style laugh uh thats a check  new friends sad heck  passing school? pray to god i pass
 love  12 31 2009  love   love  4 4 2009  love 
going to the mall with <propfirst> <propfirst>!!!
"got job applications with <propfirst> <propfirst> at the mall today  pacsun,spencer's,hot topic and many others   which should i choose?"
"life is what you make it babe  when life hands you a bushel of lemons, make yourself orange juice and laugh at the world when they try to figure out how you did it "
"wow  he is the only thing that is keeping me going and not shooting my brains out  he is the only one that is telling me to get my ass moving and not fail another semseter like he did in freshmen year  iam very surprised  i love him so much because he is my life, my warmth and my world   love  <propfirst> <propfirst> ruggles 4 4 2009  love "
i failed at spelling my boyfriend's middle name  i lost the game too  ? cgr & snw ?   love  yafa <propfirst> zias & <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>  love 
fml
"<propfirst> <propfirst> came over to eat,take pictures and chill  haha had an awesome time!!!"
might be goin to the mall   i miss two people    gosh
well   today was a very eventful and interesting day  it was kind of a fail too 
"friendship is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it but only you can feel it  so thanks for being the pee in my pants "
"yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  today is a gift, thats why it is called the present  peace,  love  ,  laugh !!!"
i dont sleep the same if i dont some how talk to you before bedtime  love you <propfirst> and ashie-bear!!!
good morning ppl! im busy writing three stories for my future book of randomness  lolz  hit me up?
gym was horrible! it made me hungry and tired  still writing these darn stories! i love you sapphira!!! lolz
"today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday, and im the nightmare that kept you up all night thinking about it "
had a wild and amazing night!
im tired and really worried   i wonder if he is busy or advoiding me  oh well   i guess another day will answer my questions 
sad and verging towards tears  have you ever felt like life and reality were too much for you? that is how i feel right at this moment 
"i love you baby so much and you mean the world to me i smile everytime i hear your name i blush when i think about you i am yours forever,i cant stop thinking about you you are my world my all  he is the only one with the key to me heart! i love you <propfirst> gordan ruggles "
"??? as soon as you give someone your heart, they have the power to destroy you???"
"got a problem with me solve it,think i'm trippin tye my shoes,can't stand me sit back down,can't face me turn around love me or hate me i couldn't care less "
16 days til my one year anniverary! cant wait!  love   love   love 
today my life skills class had a very interesting talk  haha 
"don't try to take my breath i have none  don't try to make me cry because i can't  you've taken everything, and i have nothing left  i love you, but i can't stand you  i hate you, but i hate to be with out you  why can't i find a way to get out of your trap  why can't i let go even though i know i'd be better off alone  kill me now end it here, stop my pain and stop my fear "
my f is making me fall asleep  he is snoring and its making me tired  hehe i love my <propmale> bear!
take a picture because im going to go work out with my bestie! woot! then to chruch!
in a perfect world i would still be the black sheep 
school is boring tiring and is totally yucky!
i got music and i might be gettin a mp3!!! woohooo!! lolz  i  love  ???
"tasers, lasers, alien invaders tell me that i'm out of this world casbah, so hot, burnin' down the - no money can shut up this girl so grab your gamma rays get with the masquerade bring on the man parade and now, 1 2 3, oh"
<propfirst> is coming to kentucky this summer!!! yay!!! i totally can not wait to see him!  love   love   love   love 
i feel like there is something that i have lost or missing something  i cant really e playful lain this feeling   can anyone else?
why me? why is this happening to me?! it always happens to me and i dont like that 
everything feels right  i love this feeling and hope i have more!
<propfirst> is lonely  d:
good night facebook friends!  laugh  i love you all  cant wait til tomrrow! woop!!!
so happy and so totally missin my babyboy! i love you  smile 
i miss hym sooo much! you say im weird    i say who the hell accused me of being normal??
im very tired  i dont know why tho  love hym!
you asked me if i loved u and i hardly know the word but ive never needed somebody so much before      
"hate me love me i don't care       itz my life and my game  so i do as i want  you say i'm werid, i say i'm me  you say i'm a nerd, i say i'm smart  just because i don't do what you do doesn't mean anything to me, but      crap  yes thatz all because thatz what you are if you care "
can you fall in love with more than one person? if not who would you choose?
"my mind is spinnin',my heart beatin' real fast everytime i see you  its must be love or is it just fatuation?"
im scared of what is going through his head  i told him what was on my mind and he turns silent  im so scared now! wish the impact of the fall doesnt hurt me this time!
i cant get him out of my mind  and that sucks because i have things to lear and do  oh well he is pretty addicting and awesome to be not forgotten 
had an amazing day today! couldnt get him out of my mind but oh well i love hymz!
can't believe my heart stopped for 3 seconds when he kissed me  i love hymz so effin much!
cant wait til tomorrow! its gonna be a very fun day   smile 
im on a path of destruction  i know iam destroying myself so why can i not step from the path that will obviously kill me?
i miss my brother  i just heard my little baby niece talk to me  her name is <propfemale>  thats kinda funny 
im soooo nervous about my date! i cant wait though
had an amazing date! it was so very much fun! i cant wait til we see each other again  i want to be in his arms again   
so bored  i can't wait til i see <propfirst> again! woot woot!
im off to that evil place! at least i will see hym at least! yayz
i sooo miss him  i can't stop thinking about him at all  i truly love him   he knows me very well 
"you hold me in your arms i hold you in my heart  you say it's okay  i say i know  you kiss my forehead  i hold my breath you sit there with me  i feel safe  for every one of your actions i have a greater reaction you make me smile when i'm sad  you stop my tears when i cry your lips make my knees weak, and your eyes make my heart fly when i'm not around you my mind wont get off you "
lets commit the perfect act of love  i'll give you my heart if you give me ours  because that is all that i have left to give you  ~quote from my poem  smile  ~
"love is strong, but it's also weak  when you let some one in, you open yourself to pain, but that pain isn't always bad  it lets you learn, and helps you grow  there’s only one down side     if you let the wrong person in you lose yourself and your ability to love again "
rest in peace <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>  i will always love you  you were my first love now your my first death of this year  i just hope this isn't true that i have lost you 
i can't wait til 3! having my boyfriend over! yayz!!!!
had an amazing day with <propfirst>! i love him sooo freakin much! can't wait to do it next time!
i'm soooooo confuzzled right now! i hate making decisions   
i love him and i can't wait to see him again! i'll want to torture him some more!
i'm sooooo hungry it's not even funny  > sad 
never made it as a wise man i couldn't cut it as a poor man stealin' tired of livin' like a blind man im sick inside without a sense of feelin' and this is how you remind me of who iam~how you remind me by nickelback~
why does everyone think i'm upset when truly i'am not? i totally hate when people do that  they think i have to act like my happy little self when i don't have to 
sooooooo happy that it's spring break! though i do miss him greatly already  can't wait till saturday! woot 
gettin' ready to see <propfirst> and his parents! go i'm sooo nervous about meeting his parents 
that was amazing! i really can't wait to see him again  hehe  i'm pretty sure his parents loved me  who knows until i talk to him again  i love him!
putting all my poker chips in the pot  its all or nothing for me  i hope i gain something instead of losing everything 
might be doing something with <propfirst> today! still debating on the mal or my house 
going to get <propfirst> in a few minutes! yayz! i can't wait 
i'm sooooo sore and tired  i might be doing something tomorrow with <propfirst> again! woot i can't wait 
i'm sooo   i don't know what  i feel like crying  can i really deal with all this emotional crap if i do that? probably not  maybe i'm not the best to love or anything  i just hope he don't leave me because if he did i would cry and i would lose everything i gave him 
going to go get <propfirst> and <propfemale> with him again today! i just love spring breakk  it has been very very amazing this year!
"tomorrow will totally be very very very very intresting  going to the park with kristy,tristan and maybe <propfirst> "
hanging with <propfirst> today! wootz iz cantz waitz to see himz againz  i loverz himz soooz muchz 
i'm on the phone with <propfirst> and he is drinkin a green monster and night quil again  he is totally spazing out and it is funny as hellz  plus he is not wearing pants   laugh 
got back from <propfirst>'s  i miss him sooo freakin much! will be eating dinner lunch with him  hope he has a very good birthday!
blah  i can't wait for today  im going to give him 17 kisses  i love my babyboy soooo much!
i already miss him  i can't wait to be in his arms once again  i just miss him soooo much  i now know i'am totally in love with this boy 
ugh! i'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooo effin bored! i just wish <propfirst> was here so i can just be in his arms  it seems that i'm never bored when i'am with him  i love you so much 
"sad,tired and really bored  today is going to be the most boringest day  i can't even spend time outside in this stupid weather because my parents are doing stuff and my bf is working   crying "
i'm sad and bored  there is nothing to do when he isn't here with me  i <propfemale> my boo soooooo much that he doesn't even know how much!
"my mom thinks i had my boyfriend here and doing naughty things with him while my parents were gone  this, to me, is very very funny "
why waste my time sitting here when i can dream about destroying the world? well nighty night  people! might get to <propfemale> with <propfirst> tomorrow 
 sad 
i'm going to go muy crazy nowz  i won't be able to see him til monday! oh wellz  thank goodness school is starting back  i miss all my favorite friends   sad 
depressed since i cant be in his arms  http annoyed  chatter com a 457dc?ref=nf
bleh  i'm going to go insane until i'm in his arms again and tasting his lips  ? 3 3 10
new <propfemale> special editon!!!! woot  watching it at this moment with my bestie <propfemale> riska white   today is her birthday!!!!
wishin i could go do some things right now with <propfirst> 
soooo sad that spring breakk is going to go away  oh wellz  i can't wait to see all my friends and him! might lose it if she does anything stupid to me or my friends 
"you make me smile when i'm sad  you stop my tears when i cry  your lips make my knees weak, and your eyes make my heart fly  when i'm not around you my mind wont get off you  everything i do revolves around you  when i sing i sing to you  when i dance i dance for you  when you sing you sing to my soul  when you dance i just don't know, but i still have no words to tell how i feel for you "
hangin with <propfirst> today! woot  i'm sorta ungrounded too!!!
yesterday was amazing! i love him sooo much more than i thought i did 
two days in detention   how fun is that gonna be? i wont be able to see <propfirst> all day  that will be suckiness 
i hate all the fake people who cause drama and lie about everything they do  i also hate when one of your besties comes up with a fake ass lie about your boyfriend just to ruin your relationships 
had fun today  day of silence was amazing! hehe i managed to stay quiet for awhile  i love him very much and i might be hanging with <propfirst> tomorrow! yayz!!!!
bored  i wish i could do something today   
had funn today  i chilled at the park with my bestie and everything!
watching <propfemale> of the dead  so far it is very good  i'm so idk anymore  this mood makes me frustrated and every opther emotion combined 
cant wait to see <propfirst> today! i love him soooo freakin much that it isnt real anymore  http annoyed  chatter com a 54d5l?ref=nf
i hate her and her pettiness! she is so close to ruining something that is amazing to me! i really hope i don't fail this relationship  i love him <propfemale> much 
going to let the past stay in the past and rid myself of it and i'm going to look to the future and pray to whoever is watching over me that no more problems will get in the way of my love life 
i hate drama  why does it follow me every freakin where i go? i'm sooo tired of everything and everyone who tells me what to do 
happy national weed day! woot! i hate this petty drama that has been happening to me t    http annoyed  chatter com a 5bm1f?ref=nf
"if you love something set it free if it dosen't return it was never meant to be if it does love it and treasure it forever i dream in darkness i sleep to die erase the silence,my life,my burning ashes "
"i wish this day was over! i got punched in the eye and arm then i had a tennis ball hit me in the arm and then i was freakin kicked  what have i done wrong to desvere this? plus,gerald wasn't there  *sad face*"
"find a heart that will l?ve you at your worst,and arms that will hold you at your weakest  love "
"whenever i cry and somebody asks me whats wrong and i say nothing, i want them to look me in the eyes and say: tell me the truth "
dad is being horrible today  i already got yelled at three times  i really hope he will be nicer when <propfirst> comes over  he better or else 
i'm over this pettiness  i know i was probably the cause of most of this so whoever is my enemy i wanna apologize for anything and everything i have ever done to you  i really mean this and everything i'am saying comes from the heart i know im stupid and cause a lot of lame things that hurt people but you know what? i'm human and i know i will do alot of those things because humans make mistakes 
i feel better about being the bigger man and apologizing to every single hater and enemey for whatever the hell i did to them yeah i know i screwed alot of people over but thats because i'm human and humans do alot of stupid crap plus every1 has probably told someone a secert to someone else everyone is pissed at me whatever i'm so over the petty drama that happens over a mistake 
i'm very tired and i don't feel good i hope tomorrow will be better today was amazing!
hanging with <propfirst> and <propfirst> tonight my parents are like being wayy overprotective they seriously don't trust me at all oh well    such is life 
doesnt feel too well after him breaking my heart into small little pieces i give him everything and now i'm left with nothing i'm dying on the inside just remember i will always love you <propfirst> <propfirst> neace and i will always wait for you 
this feels sooo horrible this dying sensation that my body is going through i have cried for many hours straight and i think i will be doing it again today how did my life go from very good to horrible in a matter of 1 second?i really need him i also don't think he gave me a real <propmale> 
i know what i have to do today might turn into a very good thing 
today feels like a weird ass dream i'm soooo scared to wake tomorrow and find that all the stuff that happened today was a dream that would be horrible and i would burst into tears i also might just go insane    oh wait i think i already have gone insane   
"take me in, cuddle me, hold me, kiss me and sweep me off my feet pick me up and lift me to the <propfemale> while i look down upon your pale white skin in total awe,put me down so i can look up to you like a god while you dominate me, push me onto the cold green earth with a passion burning so deep in your eyes your hair sweeps on and all over my chest, that soft hair that somehow carries a flame "
ur arms r my castle ur heart is my sky they wipe away tears that i cry u make me rise when i fall cuz everytime we touch i get this feeling and everytime we kiss i swear i could fly cant u feel my heart beat fast i want this to last need u by my side i feel this static and everytime we kiss i reach for the sky cant u hear my heart beat slow i can't let u go want u in my life 
i'm really tired and bored all i want is him next to me   meh today is boring 
why do i smile at the sound of your voice?why do i let you take over me as if i had no choice?why do i let you touch me in places never touched?why do i like to have you around so much?why do i melt at the tenderness of your kiss?why do i feel like i could live forever like this?why do i put my heart in your hands?why do i answer to your every demand?
"so sacrifice yourself, and let me have what's left i know that i can find the fire in your eyes i'm going all the way, get away, please you take the breath right out of me you left a hole where my heart should be you got to fight just to make it through,'cause i will be the death of you "
wonders what he is feeling and thinking when he is around me he has me <propfemale> scared and has me asking questions right now 
bored and i really wish i was hanging out with him today but oh well maybe i should get my haircut or chill with my bestie 
"im gonna smile like nothings wrong, talk like everything is perfect, act like its all a dream, and pretend its not hurting me"
i'm sad and scared i really hope he doesn't break my heart into another million pieces if he does i'm not sure what i would think or do i love him with all my heart but if he wants to be a loner than he can his happiness is worth my depression 
"u said the l word something forbidden for me\&yet u lie to me with a smile why do i feel so compelled to wait?my heart feels so heavy & so filled with sadness\a feeling i have never felt covers me&it seem to be suffocating me tears run down my face in rivers i cant help myself\i want to fall into the darkness\i feel so shattered all because of u\u said u would never hurt me but remember i told u,u would hurt me "
wants to know what he was thinking i really think he is afraid of commitment   or am i really that bad of a person?  annoyed 
"i'm in that \i don't know\"" mood where everything makes me mad or depressed it sucks when you are thinking about that one person who broke your heart into a zillion pieces but still love him more than ever """
"thinking of you where ever you are we pray for our sorrows to end, and hope that our hearts will blend  now i will step foward to realize this wish,and who knows  starting a new journy may not be so hard  or maybe it has already begun  there are many worlds, but they share the same sky  one sky- one <propfemale>"
"i just don't know what to do anymore,\my heart it aches, my heart it's sore \i love you more than you could know,\and i don't want to ever let you go \so even if i'm just a friend,\i'll always love you until the end "
my parents take anything as something sexual   great for me   not i totally hate people and the world right now 
i want my nemo back its killing me to see him act like nothing truly happened between us sooo much on my mind   off to the world of my thoughts    
trying to convince my parents to let me get a tattoo for my birthday or something 
"when i'm alone my emotions and thoughts come to the surface i hate when that happens \still trying to convince my parents to let me have a tattoo for my 16th birthday or something   "
i feel like i'm missing something maybe its just me   oh well 
too much on my mind i just really cant get anything or anyone off my mind what is up with that i wonder?trey's party was amazing!
"i loved him,i've bled for him i've even given alot of time to him   maybe other things too he treats me like i'm a dog now i'm going to ignore him or at least try to i'm going to get over him and move on in my life   because i can say this:it wasn't meant to be if he is going to screw with my mind and rip my heart into a zillion pieces i guess i was never good for you, <propfirst> <propfirst> neace  "
my mommy and i gotz matching rings today! they are silver bands with <propfemale> in them! so pretty feels crappy since i dont know how long   
"darling what is going on?\honestly that never happened \lying is your favorite passion \leave me, go where you belong\higher heels and lipstick napkins \dying is your latest fashion "
i'm soooo screwed! i feel like i'm going to bomb all my finals and be a freshman again    2013 looks like its turning into 2014 for me 
doesnt anyone have a random plain white t-shirt that is like a large or medium layin around? i really need one 
i really need to stop doing stupid crap my parents don't and will never trust me again  great i really need to go back in time and fix where my life turned horrible but then again i would have never met the love of my life or the many haters of my life oh well  ~ love  live life with no regrets!? ~
"i really hope today will be great!hahaha nevermind it hasn't been very good lately   sad \~ love  live with no regrets  love ~"
i miss everything about you can't believe that i still want you and after all the things we've been through i miss everything about you without you i see your blue eyeseverytime i close mine you make it hard to see where i belong to when i'm not around you it's like i'm not with me
slowly getting ready for pride prom!i will be having a funn time around all my friends and i might pick some people up haha i'm such a player! not really 
last night was amazing!i danced with all my friends and i even met a few who are really amazing i loved <propfemale> and dyamond   they are my besties forever nows!haha
"going to the mall with dana,nena,kristy and <propfirst>! woot i can't wait "
"i iz tired! i had sooooo much fun today hanging with nena,dana,kristy and <propfirst>! might be hanging with <propfirst> and <propfirst> tomorrow  sooo many plans for this weekend i got to keep busy so i keep my mind off someone!"
~ love  vive tu <propfemale> como tu muerte y sin remordimientos  vive tu <propfemale> de día y de noche en sueños tal vez entonces se llega a la <propfemale> pacífica   love ~
might be going to my friends pool with my besties!i can't wait for my mom to say yes pool and hottub here i come   hopefully!  love  ¡viva como tu morir sin remordimientos!  love 
"i wish i were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than a broken heart,     heart-broken "
today was okay i should do that again sometime    well   certain things anyway 
two more friggin days of school! wewt!! i can't wait to enjoy summer 2010! i will hopefully be really busy this summer! today was okay   my best friend got grounded because he is a dumbass   ahaha but i love him anyway!
don't you love it when you find out about a person's real self and find out they were lying about it the whole time?i learned some interesting stuff about someone today i didnt like i that much at all!
"imagination is everything,it is a preview of life's coming attractions   love  live like your dying with no regrets!  love "
i'm sooo scared! he has a suprise for me and he wont give me any hints  i really wonder what he is going to do tomorrow   i'll try to not get my hopes up what so ever 
"? music annoyed ife? hot mess \all my life i wish i broke mirrors instead of promises\""-owl city"""
summer 2010 here i come!!! i actually survived freshman year! woot!!!
"one more kiss could be the best thing, or one more lie could be the worst "
happy 15 month anniversary baby! i love you very much <propfirst> ruggles !
"i think i love you too,i'm here to save you girl,come be in shady's world,i wanna grow together,lets let our love unfurl,you know you want me baby,you know i want you too,they call me superman,i'm here to rescue youi wanna save you girl,come be in shady's world   "
another worry to add to my list another regret to add to my big list of regrets why cant anything play the way i really want it to?why are all this people lying and messing with my feelings?i wanna know why i'm always gettin heartbroken i just wanna know why i'm here and what is life 
"don't try to take my breath i have none don't try to make me cry because i can't you've taken everything, and i have nothing left i love you, but i can't stand you i hate you, but i hate to be with out you why can't i find a way to get out of your trap why can't i let go even though i know i'd be better off alone kill me now end it here, stop my pain and stop my fear,the fear of life with or with out you by it "
"might go and <propfemale> with <propfirst> and <propmale> today we are going to go find where nena,dana and <propfemale> live no   i'm not a stalker either!"
had fun haning with <propfirst> and <propfirst> today! i had a <propmale> wipe out on my bike and now have a badass wound stupid curb hit my tire 
"¡te odio! ¿por qué hizo se encuentran para mí y jugar con mis emociones? quiero ser sobre usted, pero no puedo  deseo que besar y me abrazo tantas veces  sólo quiero que volvería a mí, pero sé que usted nunca volverá  sólo recuerde que fueron el que andaban lejos de algo asombroso "
"as make up runs down your cheeksyou found that you are lost againtry to make your way back homefound that you're aloneblood on your dress, and look your bestlet this be your nightwe'll laugh and dieso drink it down, you need this nowmake the pain go away, i can't be saved"
that was a really really good nap! i wanna do that again after i eat my dinner so i can stay up talking to my favorite person finally my knee is scabbing over!!! woot! sorry   that was an ew moment 
i cant wait til saturday! its gonna be uber amazing! i'll be going over the rainbow this summer 
"is it you i want, \or just the notion \of a heart to wrap around so i can find my way around \safe to say from here, \your getting closer now, \we are never sad cause we are not allowed to be \rain rain go away, \come again another day, \all the world is waiting for the sun "
my mom is trying to make me white! i dont wanna be white   i want my color back!!!
" love  if you like this status, i will post something i like about you on your wall  make this your status if you want to change the world  love "
"pain is all i feel  life, love, hate, and family  i feel my heart ripped out of my chest, and my stomach knot up  i can't take this much longer, and i just want it to end  i wish you knew how it felt, to have everything take from under  if only you could feel how i feel right now "
i feel like crying  i do not know why i torture myself  why can't i stop thinking about that idiot? ughhh help me not think about him until the start of sophmore year   heart-broken 
a nice nap on a crappy day   love 
memory keeper's daughter  love 
sleepover at 5! i can't wait to become someone in <propfemale> in wonderland! i'm going to have a tea party with the madhatter!!! yayz! love you <propfirst>  smile   love 
stayed up all night! it was effin amazing! i love you <propfirst> gordan ruggles!  love 
saturday and today was fun!!! we stayed up the whole night being scared of nothing haha  we watched mulan 2 and <propfemale>'s body i'm sooooooooo tired so goodnight facebook  laugh  i love and miss you <propfirst>   laugh   love 
going to the doctor so he can look at my ugly knee  d: i'm still tired from saturady and sunday so i'll be in bed most of the day! wewt!!!!
"you make me smile when i'm sad you stop my tears when i cry your lips make my knees weak,and your eyes make my heart fly when i'm not around you my mind wont get off you  everything i do revolves around you love is over used and doesn't do justice  soul mate is closer but not just right  your the air i breath, and the blood in my veins  maybe there are no words to say, but can't help but feel the way i feel "
i hate this feeling i always seem to get now   its ruining this summer and everything    oh well   not like my summer was going to get any fun 
my parents are offically bigger pervs than any highscholler i know 
parents are hyprocrites that it is making me mad  especially my mom of all people!ughh now i have to talk to her about whatever i did to disappoint her 
ughh   not feeling well   gonna go lay down and see if i can get rid of this huge headache of mine 
very depressed at the moment  someone just called me a drunken slut who is a whore that is always on her back and that i need to check my image   do i really come off as that?
"too many plato assignments for english! ahhhhh  science will be a piece of cake for me  laugh \omgg its butter beer!!!!"
so worried about him  i really need to hear him sooo freakin badly! i wonder what the other boy is thinking about and how his summer is going   ughhh   too many boy problems   i just need to relax and <propfemale> out with my friends so i can stop worrying about them too    
one day you are going to wake up and realize how much you care for me and when that comes i'll be waking up next to the guy who already knew how much he cares for me  love 
"if you hear my mental fits \don't bang the wall, try to make me quit \i am not gods angel  \late at night i melt my dolls \<propfemale> them up my nooses \you're not livin next door to an angel, angel!~porcelain and the tramps - the neighbor"
"i need suggestions for my hair  i wanna go get my haircut and i really need ideas!inbox,comment or anything else me!"
my ex boyfriend told me that he loved me when we were about ready to <propfemale> up   hmmm wonder what that means   
came full circle on the boys  how nice is that?
going to the pool sooon with the bestie! i can't wait!  laugh 
had funn until the storm hit  haha maybe tomorrow i'll do something else 
"the first person that likes my status, i will have their last name for a week  smile  put this as your status & see whose last name you will have for a week  smile "
"i linger in the doorway,of alarm clock screaming,monsters calling my name,let me stay,where the wind will whisper to me,where the raindrops, as they're falling, tell a story,in my field of paper flowers,and <propfemale> clouds of lullaby (flowers),i lie inside myselffor hours,and watch my purple sky fly over me (flowers)~evanscence imagingary"
"for sale annoyed one heart \horrible condition \will take anything for it \please heart-broken   \just take it out of my chest and end this suffering!"
i have interesting converstations with my bestestest friend  too many sex jokes and insults are said on the phonee   laugh 
"i love how people are moronic idiots who know nothing of the real world or how tough it is to being different and bisexual  two things that never match up with \normal\"" people  (except my parents and a few of my friends )"""
me & ________ would make a cute couple  put this as your status and see what people say!
i can't wait to turn 16 so i can get a tattoo that i have been wanting for awhile  just don't know where to put it when it comes time to getting it 
7 inches of my hair is gone  i have short hair again  its a little higher than my shoulders  and i have blunt bangs  i'm soooo happy to have all that dead weight gone 
i feel like im having a reality check but maybe its just because im a little depressed because of something   or both    yep it's both  oh well    i guess tonight i'll dwell in the memories of the past 
no words or feelings can e playful ress what kind of depression i'm in  this sucks majorly    
"but i've been screamin' and fightin'\and kissin' in the rain\and it's two a m  and i'm cursin' your name\you're so in love that you act insane\and that's the way i loved you\breakin' down and comin' undone\it's a roller-coaster kinda rush\and i never knew i could feel that much\and that's the way i loved you"
"feels like a fire that burns in my heartevery single moment that we spend aparti need you around for every day to starti haven’t left you alonesomething about you, starin' in your eyesand everything i’m looking for i seem to findall this time away is killing me insidei need your love in my lifei wanna spend time till it endsi wanna fall with you againlike we did when we first meti wanna fall with you again"
how do you survive when your being beaten down emotionally and no one is around to listen to you and you screw up driving away the only person who loved you enough to protect you and almost die?
dairy <propfemale> cookie dough ice cream  love 
my lonliness and depression never seemed so deadly' since i have lived in it for so long     my heart aches    
"beauty gets attention,but personality captures the heart  smile   love "
wondering what goes through his mind every time he sees i'm on 
"\run away with a fake smile on your face hoping to find some sort of love in a strangers stare   \"" -me"""
ughh   i cant get him off my mind! or his memories especially that special one when i first found out that i was in love with him  god just get him off my mind or something or i might just go insane!
"how many of us really know everyone on our fb friends list?? here's a task for u    i wld like all my fb friends to post how u met me  after u comment, copy this to ur status  u'll be amazed to the response!!"
has completely lost my mind  greaaaat  thats all i need  depressed with craziness   
i feel amazing right now  nothing could touch me at this height of emotion! floating on cloud 9 baby!
i'm on cloud 9  the pain and all the memories are gone  you know what also? i'm totally over the one who broke my heart  yeah i'll miss him and maybe still love him but hey i know he will never come back to me  i'm moving on in life and not lettin the heartbreakeness bring me down  live life to the fullest  love 
my mom told me to go to bed at a reasonable hour tonight because i'm sleeping too much  its the summer and i stay up late and then take a nap during the day unless i'm hanging out with someone  sometimes my parents are total assholes 
"don't label me\??????????????????\i'm not a fuckin soup can!"
"if you love something set it free if it dosen't return it was never meant to be if it does love it and treasure it forever i dream in darkness i sleep to die erase the silence,my life,my burning ashes "
"i keep thinkin bout that little <propfemale> in ur eye is it a light from the angels or ur devil deep inside?& what about the way u say u love me all the timeare u liftin me up to heaven just to drop me down the line?theres a ring around my finger, but will u change ur mind?& u tell me that i'm beautiful but that could be a lie!u a heartbreaker?what if i'm fallin for a heartbreaker and everting is just a lie"
"set this as your status and see what people rate you : 1 = crazy, 2 = i'd marry you, 3 = talkative, 4 = sarcastic , 5 = imissyou , 6 = club head ,7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 =mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute ,18= gf bf type , 19 = player, 20      = i love you"
happy 4th of july!misses and loves him <propfemale> greatly  happy 16th month anniversary christopher really wish i could talk to you right now 
"yeah, i really thought you were aware\that i could be your worst nightmare\say a prayer, you don't wanna hate me\and if you need a friend, knock again\i really hope i\can be the one you <propfemale> on\don't be shy\i will try to behave\to be quite perfect\in every way, every way\honestly, honestly ~neighbor by porcelain and the tramps "
just got off the phone with my big brother i miss and love my brother just wish i could go see him in florida when year it would be amazing to see him again after all these years 
my neighborhood is setting illegal fireworks off  they sound like freakin shot guns going off 
i know i won't be going to bed anytime soon  dog is bitching because of the fireworks that are sounding like bombs and shotguns going off i guess my neighborhood is having a war 
"it's too late baby, there's no turning around i've got my hands in my pocket and my head in a cloud this is how i do when i think about you  smile   love "
goin to the mall soon! can't wait to see my bestest frans in the whole world they'll be shocked to see my short hair though 
i <propfemale> him sooo much  i just wanna hear his voice again and to kiss and hig him  i'm not sure when i'll get to though  that makes me very sad 
i miss my superman sooo much  wish i could hear his voice once again  i love you <propfirst>!  love 
i know how half the friendships on this planet end:misunderstanding or miscommunication 
"when you stop fighting, you stop living  so   find your fight  then fight like hell 'til your battle has won  every song has to end, but is that any reason not to enjoy the music?"
i hate people and drama  > sad 
i wanna ride thunderhead! though i wish my name was thunder <propmale>! because that would be totally amazing!
"you better, lose yourself in the music, the moment\you own it, you better never let it go (go)\you only get one shot, do not miss your <propmale> to blow\this opportunity comes once in a lifetime\eminem  love "
rest in peace dear sound system on my computer  it means no more music listening on my computer  *tear drop to the extreme *
<propfirst> <propfirst> is freaking out because he is afraid of harmless clowns! this is actually hella funny 
when the nights turned blackest and all the warmth has left where do you turn to keep living and going forward? but the only thing you can feel is a numbess that fills your whole body until your empty
like my status and i'll rate you   laugh 
for some reason i'm playing with barbies  oh well   i'm a dork so who cares   laugh 
my parents and me just made sooo many sex jokes in like 2 minutes  not sure what to do today hopefully tomorrow i get to sleepover at <propfemale>'s with <propfemale>! i love you superman and <propfemale>  love 
appreciate every moment you have here cause you never know when it's gonna be stolen from you!  love 
going to <propfemale>'s soon to have a sleepover! i love ya <propfirst> and <propfemale>!  laugh   love 
had fun at <propfemale>'s! i just wish <propfemale> was there so i could see and hold her  hopefully next time i'll get to see her   laugh   love 
i'm tired and have a <propmale> headache  my jaw hurts too  gosh i feel very very old at the moment   annoyed 
i'm bored and i wanna do something today  not sure what 
probably made the second biggest mistake of my life   greaaattt 
d':  heart-broken 
i love and miss <propfemale>! hope i can <propfemale> with her before summer ends  maybe saturday or monday i could chill 
going to bed early since i'm pissed off and somewhat depressed  i hope i sleep good because i have a lot of things on my mind  night facebook 
my name is <propfemale> <propmale> and i'm a skittleholic   laugh 
doesnt feel good and i keep bouncing from depression to hyperness  can't wait til the 25th 
"there's a thin line between the dark side, \and the light side, baby tonight\it's a struggle gotta rumble, tryin'a find it\but if i had you, \that would be the only thing i'd ever need\yeah if i had you, \then money, fame and fortune never could compete\if i had you, \life would be a party, it'd be ecstasy\yeah, if i had you\you y-y-y-y-you y-y-y-y-y-you y-y-y-y-y-you\if i had you"
"to me, you are perfect   love "
"dreading today  going to the dentist around 1 smile 0 hopefully my wisdom teeth arent the cause of my jaws hurting that would suck <propmale> ones  can't wait til saturday so i can see tisha,paige and <propfemale> "
no cavities  missin several adult teeth and my wisdom teeth have no room to grow  if my mouth swells then its off to the oral surgeon  greaatttt   annoyed 
wonder who the she is he keeps talking about  hopefully he doesnt do anything stupid but i'm <propfemale> scared he'll break my heart 
"love is when you can't breath\your partner smiles at your lose of words\reach for their hand kiss it softly \tell them that your theirs forever\smile and blush tell your partner to never let go of the dreams \love makes you speechless the one you love is all you think about"
is really really really bored  i'm missing <propfirst> and tsih very much  sunday will be totally amazing so i wish the week would hurry the hell up 
not sure what to do  i'm not sure about it anymore  got a lot on my mind  this'll depress me if i keep thinkin bout it   annoyed 
 sad 
ugh  miss him already  feels like its gonna be a stupid mistake and we all know it 
can't wait to see <propfemale> on sunday  gonna have fun!
"not sure what i'm doin today  hopefully today,friday and saturday go by fast so i can see my girlfriend,megan and <propfemale>  sunday will be amazing!"
everything happens for a reason but don't ever let it get you down  life's a bitch since if it was a whore than it would be easy but life isn't a whore so just go with the flow   laugh 
have you ever been in love     been in love so bad  you'd do anything    ohh to make them understand   have you ever had someone      steal your heart away   you'd give anything  ohhh   to make them feel the same    have you ever searched for words   to get you   in their heart   but you don't know what to say?
gah! i have poison <propfemale> on my leg  fml
"can't wait til tomorrow! gonna see my girlfriend,megan and <propfemale>! wewt!"
"can't wait anymore! i really wish the hours would go by faster  showerr,breakfast and hopefully going to <propfemale>'s soon  smile "
grrr  i wish it was time but i still have to wait for the funn  mom left to go to church and i'm just sittin here chillin and listenin to my dad snore  lol
almost time to go! can't wait  hehe  its gonna be an amazing party  laugh   pics will be up on fb idk when 
i had extreme fun last night and this morning  last night was sooo funny when we did prank calls and she actually believed it for awhile  hope to see her soon though 
i really hate memories     crying 
sometimes i hate who and what i'am  other times i'm just don't care 
final exam today  wish me luck because ima need it  this is my last <propmale> to past into tenth grade  hopefully i will pass  then i'm stress free until the eleventh 
feels like crying all of a sudden  not sure why  maybe because of all the memories bombard me every second of the day and night  i just wish it was over  i just wish the memories will leave me alone!
stress free for awhile  won't know if i'm a sophmore yet   hopefully i will be  probably am 
"and i was like \omg  <propfemale> isn't really hot \"" lol  love that comercial """
very bored and cant believe summer is going by fast  i'll miss freshman year very badly  so many memories where made that year 
i feel very good right now  really bored though  i wanna make summer the best right down til the end  need plans before the 11th  wanna make some message me   laugh 
"got to see my mom's family tonight  that was interesting as always  ugh   really need to catch up on tanning and <propfemale>ing with my friends before school starts  parents are seriously not going to let me do anything unless i finished my homework  oh well,can't have a repeat of freshmen year  message me with plans if you wanna <propfemale> "
i'm an absolutly perfect angel but sometimes my halo slips and catches on my devil horns other than that i'm a good girl 
baby i love the way you lie   love 
i hate everything about you but yet i can't live without you  baby you lie to me and i love when you do  live for the moment 
i wonder if i should cut my hair and start all over  does anyone think i would look good in long or short hair? going to <propfemale>'s wednesday  can't wait  hopefully i can do something tomorrow 
fml is all i have to say   annoyed 
had an amazing time with <propfemale>! haha three days with her and her family  i love you <propfemale>!
last free day of summer  i feel like ima cry because of it  might be doing something tomorrow  i just don't know what  gotta go out with a bang or something 
wants to do something today with someone  i hope this day doesnt go by fast  i want it to go realllyyyy slooowww  hell starts tomorrow  great   annoyed 
first day was wayy boring  oh well got to see <propfemale> and all my other friends 
i feel crappy  i'm tired and i feel like crying because of idk what 
first week of school went by fast  thank god its the weekend 
wonders what this year has in store for me  more or less heartbreak? more or less drama? who knows anymore  to me i feel a change in the air at school  its totally creepy  soon will be homework time 
single at last  now to focus on school and passing to the next grade  i'm free! wewt!  love 
"\     it'll turn pink if you were impreganted by a homosexual \"" this guy said this in a movie called threesome  idk why my parents let me watch it  i almost saw a guy's ass while i was eating supper  not kool what so ever"""
bleh  school is really horrible  d: just wish something would go right in my favor for once in my miserable life 
ugh! so not ready for school    even if i did do my homework  just wants to be happy and everything but no thats not what god has in store for me  ):
had a very good day it was the best i've had in a very loooonnngggg time  might be hanging with my bestie tomorrow or something  in a good mood  hit me up  laugh 
gonna be havin a fun day  might go see vampires suck or <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world today and then hangin with my bestie  yay!
going to <propfemale>'s soon  can't wait  we gonna partty all night long 
"soooo effin tired  <propfemale> is asleep and i'm going to bed  i really miss my baby   wish he was here beside me,snoring me to sleep   love  ):"
soooo tired  will be sleeping my day away  yesterday was very fun   wink  i really miss my superman  hope he can see this
tired and feeling like shit  bleh! had fun at <propfemale>'s house  hope to do it again once she gets off grounding  so not really for school in the morning  love my superman very much 
really bored and not feeling too good  i miss my superman a whole lot too  wish i could call him but my phone won't let me call any verizon phone out of state and he left facebook again so i can't tell him to call me   annoyed 
very tired  might not be in school tomorrow 
glad its the weekend  not going to do anything but relax and see if i can't get over this sinus infection that i have  i have homework and then i'm going to sleep 
needs sleep but i gotta go to school  hope this day does fast so i can rest!
status update  laugh 
yep   well guess what time it is? *your answer here * it's time for a status update! wooohooo!  laugh 
sleepy   
interesting   very very interesting   
when a boy says i'd never lie to you or i love you they lied to you 
"steak,baked potatoes and bread for dinnerr then afterwards i might be going to the park and hangingg wif da bestie  can't wait!  laugh "
who knows me? i bet nobody can answer all these questions! full name:_______ age:____ birthday:________ eye color:______ nickname:_______ bestfriend:__________ favorite colors:________ favorite food:_________ post this to your wall and see who knows you!  laugh 
very sleepy and cold  this will not be a good day i can tell   greeaaatttt  annoyed 
my mind is just one big fog at the moment  i go through the motions every single day just barely getting enough sleep  bleh   i hate how i live my life so i need a change before i go krazy insane or something 
is extremely happy now  can't wait til the 22  its gonna be ah-mazing!  love 
can't wait til the weekend at all  i wish two weeks would also hurry up and get here   love 
glad its the weekend  tomorrow i might be getting my hair cut! yay!
hopefully this feeling will go away in the morning 
going to get my haircut  hopefully everyone will like it  its gonna be short!
everyone is gonna be shocked by my hair on monday  haha  this will be fun!
why cant those 12 days come faster?!
11 days  love 
had funn at <propfirst>'s! i played naruto ultimate ninja 4 and then i got an ice cream cone  it was good  11 days left   love 
mehh   i feel like complete s***  if i still have this headache tomorrow i'm not going to school  stupid wisdom   annoyed  10 days!  love 
not going to school since i feel like throwing up  good luck to everyone who has to test   really wish i could be there  9 more days  love 
"feeling like shit right now  my head hurts and i feel like puking  plus my jaws hurt badly  ughhh   idk if i'm going to school or not,probably will be going  9 days! smile   love "
7 days   love 
6 days  love ! today was a very good day  maybe my life is turning for the better 
<propfemale> gambill is the most uh-mazing person ever because everytime we <propfemale> out we have a blast! we also ate 4 inch iced cupcakes at pride prom together   laugh  te amo mucho!
"he's a little bitch  he looks at me like i'm a ghost,he calls me a bitch and i get called ugly by him! so why did he date me? oh well he's out of my life and off my fb  thank god!he can have his downgrade of a girlfriend "
like this status and i'll tell you what i like and dislike about you!  laugh 
<propfirst> <propfirst> saw meat and he cried  5 more days!  love 
4 more days! sooo excited   love  going shopping with my mom after she comes back from church! can't wait 
only 3 more days! gosh i have a <propmale> headache right now and i really hope it goes away soon 
that truly disgusts me! why did he do the same thing to her as he did to me? but whatever  my nephew was born today! his name is <propfirst> jerimah <propmale> and he was 11 pounds even and 21 inchs long  i miss my brother 
yay! tomorrow is the big day! ima wake up <propfemale> freaking happy!
today's gonna be the best day of many weeks to come    probably better than when i went out with <propfirst> neace  ima be keeping my newborn nephew in my prayers 
bored and tired  i've been somewhat depressed and everything 
some how i just got more sad and tired at the same time  what the hell is up with that? sometimes i just hate my body with all my heart 
its weird that i dont want to close my eyes because i will be dreaming of something that i dont want to remember  i dont want to remember the hugs and kisses of him   i wish the past will leave me alone once again  i feel <propfemale> depressed 
gonna be having a very busy day  still trying to decide if i should stay home or go to a party with my parents  sooo very happy now 
not sure what i'm doing today  probably just chilling at home and do my homework and everything 
"you take the breath right out of me you left a hole where my heart should be you got to fight just to make it through, 'cause i will be the death of you this will be all over soon pour salt into the open wound is it over yet? let me in so sacrifice yourself, and let me have what's left i know that i can find the fire in your eyes i'm going all the way, get away, please i'm waiting, i'm praying, realize, start hating "
has a lot on my mind    
tired and somewhat sad  i dont know why but whatever  going to bed soon 
you colored inside the lines of my heart   love 
"honest! if you think i'm pretty, like this status  if you love me put a heart  if i am your friend put a  smile , if you want to go out with me put a  laugh   if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush on me put an  laugh   if your brave enough, re-post this as your status"
so i'm like just sitting here thinking about everything and wondering if i should so screw it and change and forget all the awesome friends i've made or just stay the same and be who i'am? i have way too much on my mind right now   annoyed 
a little tired  not sure what i'm doing tomorrow 
great  this will suck huge ass! he's back and wants revenge on everyone who did him wrong   which incidently includes me   annoyed 
very tired and angery  the only plus side is that this saturday is my 16th birthday and i hopefully will get what i want this year  plus <propfemale> and <propfirst> might come over to eat celebrate with me  then <propfemale> will stay the night!
this week will be hella amazing! hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfirst> friday or saturday then saturday is my sweet 16! woot 
crack is wack and weed is whatchu need! lol  i love and miss you <propfemale> gambill ! hopefully my brifday will be superrr uh-mazing! 4 days! smile   love 
lets start something  is kentucky considered east or south? btw i think ky is not a true southern state   its like the fakest bitch  haha poser state!
only 3 days till i'm sixteen! woot! i just hope i can get better since i have a sinus infection! gonna be on nightquil for a few days!
gonna be resting for awhile! can't wait for saturday to come! not sure what my mom is gettin me at all  i sometimes hate suprises 
how rude of my parents to not leave a note for me to read when i wake up  oh well i know where they were going since the motorcycle is gone  i miss her very much! can't wait til saturday!
yay! a new episode of bones is on  i  love  bones <propfemale> much! i feel a lot better 
interesting   very interesting 
superr excited for tomorrow! i get to finally see <propfemale> gambill ! i love and miss you! i wish tomorrow would hurry up  grrrr
thanks to everyone and anyone else who wishes me a happy birfday! i cant wait til tonight  its going to be superr fun!!
cant wait for tonight  its gonna be supperr amazing  going to chilis with my gf and hopefully she'll get to stay the night  i'm praying 
had a good birthday   though she didnt stay over we still had fun being weirdos  going to bed now 
wished he would have called me yesterday so i could hear his voice that would have been the best birthday present ever but of course he didnt   sad   annoyed 
today has been   horrible 
tired and i hope she really isn't mad at me  i wasnt mad at her just shocked at everything that had happened  just hope our friendship lasts   annoyed 
<propfemale> gambill i miss and love you very much  i tried talking to you but you logged off and i thought you were mad at me  i could never lose you as a bestie even if we had this <propmale> relationship fail  i guess it wasnt meant to be  ughh i cant go to tates creek homecomign because its too damn e playful ensive   annoyed  sorry guys 
"i'm sooo very tired of people judging me before they truly get to know me so do me a favor,if you dont like me for how i'm me then fuck off  kthanks smile "
 indecision 
 sad  feels like everything is going to shit 
"trattengo ancora il fiato, \ho visto il nostro mondo infrangersi; \potrei parlarti ancora (di me) \delle lacrime che ho pianto, \di quel sorriso spento che, \nasconde centomila incognite, \di occhi estranei si di te   , \di come avrai potuto fingere    \ti prego resta qui    \continuo a chiedermi, \continuo a illudermi, \ti prego resta qui: difendimi   "
"i hate this feeling  the feeling of everything falling right through my hands,everything that i held precious  not sure what to do to stop this feeling either  ughhh    difendimi!"
wow   just wow  feelin like shit   sad 
"dear you,\isn't <propfemale> a fucking bitch?\love,\the one who you broke my heart "
not going to homecoming   sad  oh well i hope everyone has fun  i'm very tired and very pissed off at the moment because of my parents giving me grief about every little thing i do wrong   annoyed 
blahhh smile 
"he's my everything right now  i love you,you know who you are  smile "
"breath it in as it kills you, eat it up and let it destroy you  break my bones and take his life  feed your soul until we're dry   love  4 4 09 forever"
he's my only exception  i love you baby! you should know who you are  4 4 09 forever and always! love 
real care baby = demon child from absolute hell 
has a <propmale> headache that i've had all day today   annoyed  i feel like crap 
what's love? in math: a problem  in history: a war  in chemistry: a reaction  in art: a heart  in me: you ?
"life ends when you stop dreaming  hope ends when you stop believing  love ends when you stop caring  so, dream, hope and love   ???"
post this to your status and see what people love most about you  i love your_____?
everything is falling apart! ughhh why can't i have a peaceful and happy life without this happening every single month?  annoyed 
i'm borrreddd  maybe i could go on a bike ride with someone? or by myself when the rents get home!
"we dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hopes, we dance for screams, we are the dancers, we create the dreams   love "
can't wait for tonight! ima turn mah swagg on full blast tonight! wewt!
night facebook  hopefully tomorrow i will feel better and not be <propfemale> mellow and depressed 
happy halloween!  smile  not doing anything tonight  sad 
4 more dayss!!!!!  laugh   love 
<propfemale> samhain! hope its a spooky one!
 sad 
tired and glad there is no school tomorrow  2 more days!!! wewt!  love 
my mom be blaming me for shit i didnt do  this is totally bullshit 
i'm realllyyyyy bored and i dont know what the hell to do!
even with the bad weather my day has been pretty good  not sure how it was good but a days are always the most fun! tomorrow=20 months! can't wait!!  smile   love 
my mother keeps accusing me of stealing her shit when i didn't  this is complete bullshit and she don't freaking believe me when i didn't take her freaking shit! there goes my good day  fuck my life to the extreme 
wow   can't believe i lasted 20 months with a guy  by the way that is a year and 8 months 
superr glad its the weekend  might go take a nap before supper or something  i'm <propfemale> confused right now and its <propfemale>o not kewl 
freaked out bout something and now i seem to be rethinking things that i took for granted 
i'm confused 
lalalalalalalalala   why am i <propfemale> freaking happy right now? i think i'm off   i'm never this happy 
wish it was the weekend   or maybe even summer 
ow! my toe hurts   stupid wall jumpped out in front of me and i hit it wif mah toe  i hate when things jump out in front of you 
tired and not really wanting to go to skool  blech  this should be fun 
my life is very boring  can't i at least have a fun life?
i <propfemale> him <propfemale> much 
you wanna play games with me? game on  but just realize that we play by my rules now  be warned: i don't play fair and i damn sure don't play nice 
i have to do this   why? whats up? smile 
this week as been very very loooonnnggg  thank goodness its the weekend! today has been very fun 
"when i'm with you, time and all my worries don't matter   love "
is it possible for me to lose my mind even more even if i've completely losted it when i was born?
i wouldn't mind being kidnapped by him  i think i'd love it  4 4 09  love 
it takes 2 to 3 people in my house to change a stupid lightbulb  1 to get the ladder  1 to unscrew that blown lightbulb and to screw the new one in and 1 to hand the other one a new lightblub 
i swear i'am high 
hopefully tomorrow i'll be going to school  its sooo friggin boringg when i'm home from school  and anyway i've missed my friends wayy too much 
i miss him so much  guess i'm going to bed to think about tomorrow or something  i love you <propfirst>   love  4 4 09
staying home today  yay!
soooo freakin bored  wish i could talk to him   i miss him very much 
"interesting  i have a headache  not sure what i'm doing for the weekend,might be going over to <propfemale> gambill 's house to have a sleepover "
"so in love with him  i love everything about him  his voice,his laugh,and smile make my day when i talk to him  i make him tounge tie everytime he talks to me  and both of our worries disappear  i love you <propfirst> ruggles ! 4 4 2009  love "
talking to <propfemale> gambill on the phone  going to her house around 4 smile 0-5! tonight will be an amazingly epic night! wewt! i love you <propfirst> ruggles forever and always! 4 4 09  love  i miss him 
i had an amazing night and day with <propfemale> gambill! i love and miss her sooo much  i also love <propfirst> ruggles with all my heart and i hope he loves all the pics that me and my very best friend took  he better or i'll eat his face off  hehe  4 4 09 love 
- - this is bugging that crap outta me! i really wish he was here or that i was up in <propfemale> with him  idk   i just can't stand it anymore!
let the rain fall down i'm coming clean
everywhere i go bitches always know that <propfirst> scene has got a weenie he loves to show  haha i love this song  feeling like shiz and what makes it worse is i'm missin my superman sooo much  4 4 09 love 
 annoyed  not feeling well  kinda depressed and i really miss him  sigh    
sigh    
not sure what i'am doing today  probably nothing since my 'rents don't wanna take me anywhere close to the mall(wouldn't blame them) but i wanna <propfemale> with my friends missin him like krazzzyyy!i love you christopher 4 4 09 love 
i love you more than the air i breathe baby   love  4 4 09
happy thanksgiving!i love you christohper with everything i have going to my father's friend's house to eat thanksgiving!not sure if i'll eat alot since i feel like shit 4 4 09  love 
i need a nap or something  thanksgiving was great   kinda boring being around a bunch of old people and little kids i love and miss you christopher!4 4 09  love 
gonna miss hearing his voice and laugh this week i love and miss him with everything i have not sure what i'm doing today   probably nothing i love you <propfirst> ruggles! 4 4 09  love 
staying the night over at paige's!god i miss <propfirst> sooo much especiaally his laugh and voice 4 4 09  love 
found out i had an allergic reaction to my meds i'm feeling sleepy and mellow i also had fun at paige's!i love and miss you <propfirst>! 4 4 09  love 
not in a good mood anymore  kinda upset that we hardly talk anymore  maybe i should go a week without talkin to him and see what happens  maybe he don't love me at all anymore   annoyed 
gettin off soon  showerr than bed  tomorrow is gonna be blech since i have school  feeling somewhat better than a few hours ago  i love and miss you <propfirst> gordan ruggles! you're the only thing that gets me through school everyday! 4 4 09  love 
stayed home from school since i was uber tired and i didn't wanna come to school with a rash all over me  kinda sad today but i guess thats because of my meds i have to take  i love and miss you with my soul <propfirst> gordan ruggles! 4 4 09  love 
i'am   extremely   confused!what the <propmale> fuck? need some advice and some things  i love you <propfirst>  4 4 09  love 
i'm still extremely confused  i'm so confused i wanna shake someone and say what has the fucking world come to?
 sad 
god help me! my dad just cracked another sexual joke after i said that 69 was a good mumber  that made my day  got rejected by somone but i guess she didnt want a second <propmale>  oh well      
<propfemale> o'day i love you so much! i'm always here if you need to talk! i miss <propfemale> gambill very much! not feeling that good  head hurts and i'm kinda sad but oh well  ily <propfirst> gordan ruggles! 4 4 09  love 
i wish i didnt have to go to school  today will be an okay day i guess  i love and miss you <propfirst> gordan ruggles!4 4 09 forever and always  love 
blech  school was alright i guess  it could have been wayy funner that what it was  i miss and love you <propfirst> ruggles  i hope you don't ever forget that! i hope i get to talk to him tonight too  4 4 09  love 
had an amazing nap after school my mom is being grouchy and i'm scared to even tease her because she might eat my face!i love you <propfirst> forever and always! 4 4 09  love   smile 
change your fb profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy and paste this to your status to spread the word!
 annoyed  i miss him <propfemale> much  and i won't be able to wish him a happy anniversary since his phone is turned off and everything  i just can't wait to hear his voice again  <propfirst> ruggles i just wanna tell you happy 1 year and 9 months anniversary! i love you forever and always! 4 4 09  love 
i love you <propfemale> much cgr! i hope your thinking of me right now even if i can't talk to you  21 months together! 4 4 09  love 
grrrr  i'm <propfemale> bored that i'm dying over here  plus i haven't talked to him since like forever! i love you <propfemale> much cgr  i hope you aren't bored outta your mind right now  4 4 09 =  love 
not really sure anymore   annoyed 
i feel like rolling on the floor and try to lose the rest of my mind  yep thats what i shall do until i reach a state that i longer what people think of my insaneness  who's with me? 4 4 09  love 
i have to do this sometime or another   i can't lie 
someone asked if i was okay and i said yeah   i'm okay   but inside i'm dying of something unknown  i just don't know what the hell to do anymore  4 4 09  love 
"but i've been screamin' and fightin'\and kissin' in the rain\and it's two a m  and i'm cursin' your name\you're so in love that you act insane\and that's the way i loved you\breakin' down and comin' undone\it's a roller-coaster kinda rush\and i never knew i could feel that much\and that's the way i loved you\he respects my space and never makes me wait\and he calls exactly when he says he will4 4 09  love "
"i will try to behave\to be quite perfect\in every way, every way\honestly, honestly\if you hear my mental fix\don't bang the wall\try and make me quit\i am not god's angel\late at night i melt my dolls\<propfemale> them up by nooses\you're not living next door to an angel\yeah, i really thought you were aware\that i could be your worst nightmare\say a prayer,you don't wanna hate me ~porcelain and the tramps "
i <propfemale> him so much! i love you cgr forever and always  4 4 09  love 
i really miss him  i feel like cr<propfemale> when i don't take to him  he's my <propfemale> to my <propfemale>  i also miss his laugh and his insane family! going to school    what a day this will be   i love you <propfirst>! 4 4 09  love 
i'm uber confuzzled now  how'd that happen? gosh   now i must think of what the fuck to do about all of the shit that just happened  had a okay day at skool  interesting today also   annoyed 
"\take my life and then i'll feel okay \"" ~its just me escape the fate """
had na okay day at school  it could've been a lot better but whatever  miss and love him way too much  4 4 09  love 
"you were kind enough to say hello, i figured i could still say goodbye the way,i was thinking about telling you that i was in love with her,i'm still in love with her \oh,oh,oh   look at this web i wove\so take this photograph\and i'll take this empty frame\i won't be coming but you're not the one to blame\the chemistry between, liars like you and me, ignites like gasoline"
lol <propfirst> <propfirst> spaceman suit with cow boy boots  *insider joke*
i'm a lesbian now  i had to watch three women give birth  the video showed everything the women had(including the private parts ) the last woman had a damn c-section which showed all the blood flowing out ew then at home i had a very akward sex talk with my step father  wtf? 4 4 09  love 
#9044 you're like family to me   oh wait we are related  twilight is stupid just like <propmale> potter  you're also really short and a freak of nature  yet somehow you're my favorite relative and i love yew  smile 
just wanna curl up and cry myself to death 
i tink seeing a vagina have a head poking out just gave me several nightmares last night  including one of my ex's trying to kill me in a creepy house anywho still feelin blech  might go over to paigey-waigey's house tonight   idk yet  i love and miss you <propfirst> 4 4 09  love 
stayin the night at <propfemale>'s again! yayz for no school! i love and miss him <propfemale> freakin much! 4 4 09 forever and always!  love 
left <propfemale>'s house a little while ago  the last two days have been crazyyyy fun! i can't wait to talk to my babyboy!i miss <propfemale>y waigey <propfemale> much! didnt wanna leave her house but i think her family was getting tired of me even if they didnt see me much! i love you <propfirst> forever and always! 4 4 09  love 
interesting day  woke up to no lights and everything  went to school and had finals finals were supppperrrrrr easy i think  i love and miss him <propfemale> much smile  4 4 09  love 
no school betches!!!! woot! too bad i wont be seeing    i mean taking finals til january   annoyed  i love him sooo much 4 4 09  love 
me wants to play in the ice and snow now  this winter break is gonna be fun as hell! i lovers him soooooooo muchhh! hehe 4 4 09 forever and always!  love   laugh 
"so take this photograph\and i'll take this empty frame\i won't be coming back \you're not the one to blame\the chemistry between\liars like you and me\ignites like gasoline\\wait, wait, wait, let me set the record straight \i was never really yours in the first place\\now oh look at this web i wove\i told you i would break your heart"
i've been home alone since 7 smile 0 at night and right now its almost 1 in the morning  yayz! talking to tisha-k phillips on the phone! i love         ?
goin to bed  nighty night facebook! hope you all have sweet nightmares smile < i love      ! they know who they is if they know how to spell their name! hahaha  love 
smack down tomorrow! cena is gonna winn!i love       very very much i also love spaceman in cow boy boots! 4 4 09  love 
lollipopbubblegumpoprocks bitches   smile   love   smile  4 4 09
going to bed  nighty night facebook! hope you have sweet nightmares smile  might be going over to paigey waigey's house to spend the night! wewt! i love <propfirst> very much! 4 4 09  love 
going to <propfemale> gambill 's house! yayz! we are gonna party til we drop! i love you <propfirst>! 4 4 09 foreva!  love 
just decided that he will be forever mine he makes me laugh and smile when i'm upset and he knows me better than most people(including myself)  i'm willing to wait for you babyboy i love you <propfirst>  4 4 09  love 
tomorrow is christmas eve   i can't believe it!this year has gone by fast  i love and miss him so much it hurts 4 4 09  love 
feelin' down about everything  i also feel really lonely  probably not getting anything on christmas  annoyed  all i want for christmas is you baby!  love 
will you be my superman so you can save me when i'm down?  love 
<propfemale> christmas!!! my favorite auntie is comin over today to eat then the family might go see granpa christmas hasn't been the same this year but oh well maybe next year will be better! i love you crhsitopher! 4 4 09  love 
<propfemale> christmas!!! my favorite auntie is comin over today to eat then the family might go see granpa christmas hasn't been the same this year but oh well maybe next year will be better! i love you <propfirst>! 4 4 09 ?
well i'm just drinking and chillin with the family  i really miss him and wish he was with me  cap'n <propfirst> is what is callin my name  this is a good christmas after all! i love and miss him  4 4 09  love 
christmas was okay this year   could be a hell of a lot better but oh well  i really wish he was here to spend it with me because that would've made the best present ever! i love and miss him <propfemale> much! 4 4 09  love 
ughhh i'm sooo full of christmas dinner and of course this morning's breakfast(biscuits and gravvy!)  not doin anything today  thank god!missin someone very special to me! 4 4 09  love 
wishes i was beautiful and skinny   
i'm soooooo ready for 2011 to come! kinda pissed off and lonely right now  i miss and love this special person right now  4 4 09  love 
going to watch eclipse tonight! woot! not sure when i'm going over to <propfemale> gambill 's house   maybe it should be on new year's <propfemale>? i love and miss him <propfemale> much   smile  4 4 09  love 
"ti prego resta qui    \continuo a chiedermi, \continuo a illudermi, \ti prego resta qui: difendimi    \cosa ne è stato poi di lei, \dove avr<propfemale> trascorso questi secoli?!?! \il male è ancora dentro me, \il nostro è uno scambio impari    \<propfemale> dimmi come posso cancellare i nostri limiti, \come posso dare nuova voce <propfemale> nostri deboli ricordi    \ti prego resta qui   "
"i'm scared  i'm scared of him breaking my heart into little pieces  i'm scared i won't be to his liking  i just don't want him leaving me  i want him to be the last guy i date  i love him too much to go back to my past  i wanna say i love you with my last dying breath and you know what i'am going to  i love you, <propfirst> ruggles! 4 4 09 is never going to be forgotten   love "
gonna look sexayy for <propfemale> gambill tomorrow! got new clothes today that will go with my cute furry ankle boots and furry boots  missin and lovin someone very special to me for some stupid reason  can't wait til tomorrow! smile  4 4 09  love 
just sittin here listening to music and thinking   what if?
getting my haircut <propfemale>n  after that i'm going to showerr and go to <propfemale>'s house to spend the night for (2?) days  we are gonna party til we drop  i love and miss him <propfemale> very much  4 4 09  love 
i'm glad 2011 is coming! a new year and a new start! i had fin haning with <propfemale> gambill  and my new best friend(whose a guy) nate lostie durham !!! i love and miss my baby <propfemale> fucking much that it hurts! 4 4 09 forever and always!  love 
had an amazing week with paigey waigey! today went to the mall with her and nate  we got matching skinnies and a hello <propfemale> shirt! oh yeah we also have a button that says i live under you bed with a monster  i love and miss her <propfemale> much! i've been thinking about him too much lately! 4 4 09  love 
had na okay day  i was rockin my new hair-do and outfit  all the haters laughed but they fuckin jello because they don't have my type of hair to do that style just chillin now might take a nap or something  i love and <propfemale> my bestie and my baby  tomorrow is my anniversary! yayz! 4 4 09  love 
gettin off for awhile  i love and miss him! 4 4 09  love  school tomorrow(yuck)
going to school in a few  this is gonna suck arse! i gotta take another final for health and then take my final for child development! ima ace both of them and go on to pass  lol  i love and miss him <propfemale> very much  4 4 09  love 
sooo fuckin pissed at myself  ughhh  gonna go lay down because being pissed off drains me  had a great day til i found that out  i love him sooo much 4 4 09  love 
"anger and agony  love \are better than misery  love \trust me i've got a plan  love \when the lights go off you'll understand  love \\pain, without love  love \pain, i can't get enough  love \pain, i like it rough  love \'cause i'd rather feel pain than nothing at all  love \pain, without love  love \pain, i can't get enough  love \pain, i like it rough  love \'cause i'd rather feel pain than nothing  love \rather feel pain  love "
"she has a little creepy cat\and a little creepy bat\little rocking chair and an old blue hat\that little creepy girl \oh she loves to sing\she has a little gift \an amazing thing\with her little funny eyes of hazel\with her little funny old blue hat\she will go and set the world on fire\no one ever thought she could do that  love "
pissed at him yet i still love him  kinda worried a little bit bout the relationship with him  i couldn't stand if i lost him  misses and loves someone like crazy right now  might spend the night with paigey waigey tomorrow! gonna be fun  4 4 09 forever and until i die   love 
whenever he talks to me my heart stops beating and then picks up speed  he is my everything at this moment  if it wasn't for him or my bestie i would have done something really stupid  i love him so much! 4 4 09  love 
"i will never be your first kiss  i will never be your first love  im not your first <propfirst>, first fight, first <propmale> bear, or first date  im not in this to be your first anything   i just want to be your last   love  i love you <propfirst> ruggles"
sleepover with <propfemale> gambill   yayz!!! i love him <propfemale> much! 4 4 09
"to non-pet owners who visit our homes  don't complain about our pets  (1) they live here, you don't  (2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  (3) chances are, i love my pets more than i like you  (4) to you, they are animals  to me, they are family who are hairy, walk on all fours and don't talk back  re-post if you love your pets "
 annoyed   annoyed 
for some reason i wanna have a spanish speaking converstation  and apparently i'm a crazy cupcake?  surprise  i miss and love him very much! 4 4 09  love 
ugghhhh i want outta this house of mine!!! wish there was school tomorrow but i guess i can rest and be yelled at by my parents! i can't wait til this summer! well i'm going to bed to dream some good stuff   wink  i love and miss my superman! 4 4 09  love 
i think he is mad at me  annoyed  i'm in love with him and no one else  sorry guys!  smile  i love and miss him <propfemale> much! can't wait til the summer  4 4 09  love 
so pissed off  i don't even wanna talk to him at all  i hate it that he hangs up on me! ughhh
angry and depressed  i don't know if what i have will last til summer  i'm just scared that i won't have him anymore  not sure what the hell to do anymore  i'm not sure why he loves me  i'm not even that good looking  i really and truly love him and i hope his my last   heart-broken 
hangin wif @<propfirst> <propfirst>!! today is gonna be fun  i love and miss him sooo much! 4 4 09  love 
not in the mood to talk to him   so i'm not  had a fun day walking around in the rain! haha <propfirst>'s gonna post the pics when he can! can't wait for school for some reason! 
not sure right now  i feel like crap so is my boyfriend! d: i hope he feels alright if not imma force him to go to the doctor because i'm mean like that  i love and miss him <propfemale> much  4 4 09  love 
i hate love <propfemale> fuckin much!  annoyed 
ew vaginas  -ahaha i love my gay best friend <propfemale> much  our converstations are always funny  <propfirst> i think you need the mini umbrella! (insiders)  thinkin bout him and when he comes down here in the summer! it makes waiting for the summer more exciting! i miss and love <propfirst> ruggles <propfemale> much  4 4 09  love 
"achoo!!!          ?(-???•?)?         if you ar allergic to bull crap, drama queens, head games, liars & 2 faced people, keep this sneeze going     i can't wait to see who will repost this!"
"\yep vaginas like warm peaches and milk \"" ahaha <propfirst>  i love this guy named <propfirst> ruggles <propfemale> very much  nobody will take me from him or him from me  he is my life and my decision is made  i'm not choosing the other guys who are closer to me but the one who is willing to move to lex-ton for me  4 4 09  love """
bleh  might go to bed soon  for some reason i'm really tired and sad  maybe tomorrow i'll feel a hell of alot better  <propfirst> ruggles if you don't call me then i love and miss you and i hope you have sweet dreams about your cookie  i know i'll be dreaming about my super man  4 4 09  love 
my new favorite song by brokencyde is true love  i love and miss <propfirst> ruggles a whole lot   wink  i've been thinkin bout him all night and day long  can't wait til the summer  4 4 09  love 
"i love you\i hate you\why wont you let me go?\(i feel the raindrops fall\these tears wont take you away\im sorry)\(i hear the thunder scream\its screaming out for me\im sorry)\you look so pretty now\without me\alone\the tears come crashing down"
 annoyed  i hate that we could've gone to school today  i actually wanted to go to school! ughh  i misses someone special right now  he's always on my mind  4 4 09  love 
"i'm <propfemale> totally over it! yeah i'll miss her but oh fuckin well,she's just too afraid to let me in  gettin off here for a bit  thinkin bout someone really special  can't wait for my summerr to start! 4 4 09  love "
"i tried so hard to break you i love you i hate you why wont you let me go? i'd die tonight if only you were here i'd tell you i'm sorry i'd fucking disapear betrayed,you hate me you look so pretty now\without me\alone\my tears come crashing down "
"copy this into your status and see what you get inboxed! \red: i used to like you  \orange: will you be mine? \yellow: i think you're cute  \green: i wanna be more than friends"
its weird how you go from being strangers to being friends to being more than friends to being practically strangers again    and it happens so fast 
bleh schoool  this should be fun   not  not feelin good at all  i'd rather cough and sleep instead of learn  love and miss him  4 4 09  love 
really tired for some reason  might be going to bed early  d: i <propfemale> <propfemale> gambill very much and i also love this special guy  geez i feel high or something  4 4 09 always  love 
"1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a month \2nd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only)\4th person to like my status - u can pick my next status\put this as your status if you're wumbo enough"
"fill in the blanks \dear ______, \i ____ you  you have a nice ______  you make me _______  you \should _______  someday i will ______  you + me = ________  \if i saw you now i’d __________  i want to ________ you  i \would build a _______ just \for you  if i could sing you any song it would be _________  \we could __________ under the stars  \love, \_______________ \(p s  ______________ )"
why do i have to awake up when a really good part of my dream is starting? that just makes me angry  i love <propfirst> ruggles very much and we had a very nice converstation  can't wait til this summer  i really wish it was here  goin to school soon   playful  4 4 09  love 
schoool time! kinda excited for it  gonna be looking supperr cute i think  i love and miss my superman  4 4 09  love 
going to <propfemale> gambill's house to party! can't wait  thinkin bout him a lot today  i feel like a stalker when i think of him too much  oh well i'am to my friends   playful  4 4 09  love 
missin my babyboy  might call him tonight or something  these nails are pissing me off <propfemale> badly   annoyed  i can't even type that well so maybe i should rip them off but that would hurt like a bitch  4 4 09  love 
schoool today then gsa!  smile  i have <propfemale>o much to do since my big bro is comin up here to live  haven't seen him since i was at least 5 or 6  i miss and love my babyboy <propfemale> much  i just can't stop thinkin bout him   which sucks since i have things to do  4 4 09  love 
worse  day  of  my  life  enough said  fml   sad 
this can't be good at all  really really wish he calls soon 
bleh school home then sleep or smoke  this is gonna be a fun day  not really  on more day til my anniversary  missin and lovin cgr! 4 4 09  love 
today is my 1 and 11 months anniversary! yayz! i just wish he could be here with me instead so far away! i love and miss him sooo fuckin much  4 4 09 was the best choice i made! smile   love 
i feel like crying since my letter didnt send  did he send me the wrong address on purpose? my mom thinks so and she also thinks that he is playin me  ughh why does this shit have to happen on my anniversary   annoyed 
just chillin until the family comes over  i get to see <propfemale> and lorelie(sorry if i spell it wrong)  which they are here now  missin him  4 4 09
ahaha  i lovee my mommy to death  she made my night!
go steelers! packers suck!  laugh 
so i hate when bitches appear back in my life just to start shit bout my boyfriend or that i'm supposedly starin at them  its kinda lame and i'm kinda through with all that pettiness 
warm fuzzy peaches and cream -insider ahahaha i love you <propfirst>!
i'm very happy right now 
yayz 69 people are online! my favorite number!  wink   love 
my cheeks hurt from smiling so much! i've been <propfemale> happy lately  no i haven't taken any drugs  annoyed  steelers are gonna win and the packers can suck a fat juicy one! ahahahaha 
football sucks ass but i'm for the steelers  so hurry up bitches and win! blackk and yelloww!
come on steelers  get yo swagg back on!
come on steelers we need to win this thing! imma die a steelers fan #black and yellow bitches!
not goin to school  feel like throwin up and i'm really light headed and dizzy  so i'm just gonna chill out at my house and think bout someone 
had a fun time watching scary movies and sleeping 
missin this really amazing person  can't wait til the 19th  the 21st i go to get x-rays to see what i need to do with my wisdom teeth  it is gonna suck 
ughhh  i think i like her a lot  scared to tell her though   annoyed  she's sweet and caring and very cute  can't wait to talk to her again   love 
its <propfemale> damn borin at my house  now i actually wish i went to school today   annoyed  i can't stop thinkin bout her for some reason 
 annoyed  i hate valentines day  i never have a <propfirst>   annoyed 
wish this week would end  i'm <propfemale> freakin ready for it to end  my face and mouth hurts like hell and i've had a headache for weeks now 
very tired from laughing my ass off in math today  i miss her very much and i can't wait to see her  getting off here to watch tv and chill 
 annoyed  why do i always get douche bags or bitches or drama queens kings as friends girlfriends boyfriends? yeah they are all kewl and funny but still  why am i misunderstood by many but only understood by like 3 people? sooo depressed  idk why  4 4 09  love 
trying to decide if i should go to school  i probably will  i feel like crap and i really don't wanna go but oh well  can't wait til it warms up because i'm really starting to hate winter and snow  4 4 09  love 
i really wish she would talk to me  ughh this is pissing me off  i need to talk to her 
just realized my day has sucked ass  i really wanted lyric to give me a <propmale> but thats not happening i don't think  <propfirst>'s day for me is gonna suck 
i'm such a weirdo geek loser person thingy   annoyed   annoyed 
watchin yu-gi-oh friends forever smile  i'm still in love with it!
just got back from shopping with my mommy  it was funn  i got some really cute clothes that everyone is gonna be jello of  thinkin bout someone special   smile 
having a good time beyotchs  smile  i love my bestie!!  laugh d
had fun wif my bestie yesterday and today  fell on my ass and it was covered in mud  went out to eat wif my family for a <propfirst>'s day dinner  i had a 40 <propfemale>  argument about me being beautiful(which i'm totally not ) so yeah thinkin bout someone 
ni-ni facebook  today has worn me out  <propfirst> gave me the best v-day gift ever  wonder if anyone can top him?
school time  get to face the bitches once more on this fabulous day! woohoo! not! gonna be a bad rotten day  i can feel it   annoyed 
talking to <propfirst>  he is on the toilet singing nsync  i wanna know why i have a best friend like this?  laugh 
i'm very happy its warm out  i'm missin this person not sure if she misses me though 
i'm worried about my friend  he is very sick and i haven't talked to him for four days   annoyed 
i hate my dad right now  that was <propfemale> uncalled for what he did 
bleh  i'm happy now that i'm talkin to her! it makes my day better   love 
i feel like shiz right now  no school for me 
went to the doctor's today and found out i had strep throat and a sinus infection  no school for me tomorrow  kinda glad because now i can relax for awhile 
gettin off here so i can lay down and rest  love her <propfemale> much but why can't she see that? i truly wish she was my girlfriend   annoyed 
no school for me  yay i get to be lazy!
off to bed for awhile then idk whatt  i'll probably talk to my bestie and of course lyric   love 
 annoyed  <propfemale> gambill lyric <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfirst>  imma eat yo faces off like i eat cuppiecakes! smile 
interesting day  saw two weddings in 2 period then two got divorced and were arguing over who got the house  it was very interesting  hopefully going over to paigey waigey's house for the weekend smile  i haven't talk to lyric today and i <propfemale> her   annoyed  really wanna <propfemale> with her 
"goddamn,people need to fuckin learn to keep their fat mouths closed  yeah my best friend is gayy and i'm bisexual  we are proud of what we are  we don't give a shit about who you wanna fuck or other shit and we don't care who we fuck  so fuck you haters! you all are too goddamn judgemental "
going over to paigey waigey's house tonight  we might be going to the movies wewt! i haven't seen her in like two weeks  i miss my babygirl lyric  really want her in my arms right now  smile   love 
"hangin with my bestie, paigey waigey  i hate when people harass you after datin you  people are such hypocrites i also love when your ex's down grade to ugly betches  and they steal their bf's phone and text us, tryna to be their bf  sooo stupid  stupid betch needs shut the fudge up smile  missin someone special right now "
bleh b days suck big mean ones   playful 
thanks paigey waigey for taggin my black arm  lol  off to school 
today was hilarious  i was front row when two black chicks started to fight  it was a good fight  someone actually hit someone a few times before sims showed up then i found out this guy who i'm friends with has abs  smile 
sooo fucked up right now  not feelin like doin anything 
you piss me off when you open up your ugly ass horse mouth  so shut the hell up and stop suffocating your boyfriend  also get though your head that he does not love you  geez  people piss me off alot   annoyed 
people really and truly have a death wish  today=shitty  everyone was pissin me off for some fucked up reason  i wanted to fight them and idgaff if i'm a girl or not  i will fight like a man 
i told my mom last night i wanted to be a sumo wrestler but she said i was too skinny  so apprently i'm too fat to be a ballrina or a model and too skinny to be a sumo wrestler  my dreams will never come too d
my days are looonngg and boring  i feel like there is something missing from my life   maybe its him  i don't know  i just feel empty without him   heart-broken 
i love it when people talk bout you in their status and you know its about you  why don't you just tag me in it and say i have no life to my face? then you'll see what happens  guess they are just scared  who knows 
"i've been screamin' and fightin'\and kissin' in the rain\and it's two a m  and i'm cursin' your name\you're so in love that you act insane\and that's the way i loved you\breakin' down and comin' undone\it's a roller-coaster kinda rush\and i never knew i could feel that much\and that's the way i loved you   love "
had an okay day  didn't kill anyone either  that must be really good right?
i hate that i'm sooo ugly   annoyed  oh well i guess 
just found out i have an appointment to get my wisdom teeth out on april 4  this is gonna suck a very mean one   annoyed  had a great day at school  math and lunch was the funniest  wish i could have that fun everyday 
just found out i have an appointment to get my wisdom teeth out on april 4  this is gonna suck a very mean one   annoyed  had a great day at school  math and lunch was the funniest  wish i could have that fun everyday 
whyy can i not forget you? it just seems like i'm stuck in that moment with you  i sometimes wish i could go back in time just to be with you  maybe you're in the future  i hope so 
nom nom nom! ~the sound i make when i'm eatin yo face off  had an okay day 
getting off since i'm tired of this drama  shit i'd rather have no drama at the moment 
i think today will be a very good day even if i did get up 30 mintues early  smile 
so effin glad its the weekend  had a great day today  though there was a few stupid moments when a bitch told me off(not like i give a shit ) just gonna relax and enjoy my weekend smile 
pedo-bear goes rawr like a dinosuar  <----idk i'm very bored and outt of it 
"the stars <propfemale> down to kiss youand i lie awake and miss youi'll miss your arms around mei'd send a postcard to you, dear'cause i wish you were herei'll watch the night turn light-bluebut it's not the same without youbecuz it takes two to whisper quietlythe silence isn't so badtil i look at my hands and feel sad\'cause the spaces between my fingersare right where yours fit perfectly"
"cleaing the bathroom,picking up trash from my backyard,showerr then going over to paigey waigey's house  can't wait  we are gonna take pics,make stripper cd's and party our butts off  smile  3 11 11  love "
having a great time with my bestie paigey waigey  smile  were taking pics and going to watch a scary movie and dance and maybe prank call who knows  smile  3 11 11 love 
 annoyed  gosh darn it  another dog  thanks parents! had an amazing time at paigey waigey's house  i love our new pics smile 
 annoyed  go ahead and talk shit bitch  one of these days your mouth is gonna be popped by someone you've pissed off  stupid preppy bitch  go die no one needs you to make fun of the less fortunate  kaythanks smile 
welp   gotta clean up all them dead hookers that i killed except the two that were killed by <propfemale>  she can clean that up  maybe she should <propfemale> them stupid face eating chinchillas too 
"do not bring up rape molestation,my bf gf or anything about my personal life into whatever kinda shit your spreading  you will get a fist in your face to ruin that ugly face of yours  what you gonna take from me when you take me to court? i'm poor bitch  so why don't we talk man to man and fight? most easiest way bitch  just tell me when and where "
"unicorn land  a place where there is pot,rainbows,unicorns and everything fun yep imma be there in awhile  smile  3 11 11  love "
rawr i'ma dinosaur unicorn  weeeeeeeeeeee  i feel loopy but its just because i'm tired  i lovers her 3 11 11  love 
glad i have a lunch now  my girlfriend is in it! yay! smile  not sure what i'm doing for the weekend though  3 11 11 love 
do you have a freaky side baby?(; i wonder if she has a naughty side 
i'm a used condom thats been thrown in the gutter!!! yay!! ewww  i feel all jizzy and dirt now 
hanging with paigey waigey still having a great time  people are hopefully gonna be surprised with mah hair monday!!!! smile  3 11 11  love 
<propfirst> <propfirst> neace red apples are good  you're just racist to them  laugh  j k having a great time  can't wait to do what i doing to surprise everyone
you bestie paigey~waigey hacked yew!  smile  i wovers yew!  smile 
can't wait to show off my hair  i had an amazing time at my bestie's house!
i loved everyone's faces when they saw my hair  priceless  waiting on paigey waigey to come and get me  gonna have a fun time  pics are sure to follow smile  3 11 11  love 
rynie-storm neace is my hoe and i'm her pimp  smile  had an okay day  people kept askin if i dyed my hair with koolaid but i didn't  3 11 11  love 
"me: s-o-l-o! guess what that spells <propfirst> stacy?\<propfirst> annoyed low!\me:-face palm-"
whys can't i be pretty?  annoyed 
glad it's friday  smile  tomorrow is gonna be awesome since i'm haning with my bestie  school then nap time  3 11 11  love 
go cats!!! had a great day today  missin this person but such is life smile  math was funny but then again i have a bunch of perverted friends in there   laugh  i love her  3 11 11  love 
"i have never had sexx , smoked weed , been drunk , or snuck out  \copy && paste this as your status!\whoever likes it thinks you're lying   smile "
guess i'm not doing anything today   annoyed  i really want to <propfemale> out with paigey waigey but of course she isn't answering her phone  guess i'll just take a nap or something 
your bestie paigey ~waigey loves you more than rynie-storm neace  smile 
had an okay time over at paigey waigey's house  i miss and love rynie-storm neace very much smile  3 11 11  love 
rocking a new belt that will make anyone jealous  paigey waigey's mommy gave it too meh smile  gonna rock it out and then take a nap when i get home  still sooo tired   annoyed  3 11 11  love 
had a great day  it got awesome when i <propmale> out with my babygirl smile  i love my new belts too  they are <propfemale> freakin adorable! 3 11 11  love 
"1 ) my day was okay until my friend told me of something \2 ) if you have no connection with me after dating a for a few weeks then please do both of us a favor and don't prolong the relationship \3 ) i'm pissed at someone\4 ) not sure why there is a 4 just felt like putting an odd number in  laugh "
<propfirst> <propfirst> must be really sick because he is apolgizing to his enemies  but he does get a cookie for being a good boy smile  i love my best friend! 3 11 11
this is <propfirst>'s penis  his name is <propmale>! €================= laugh  (i'm bigger than him)
like this status and i'll tell you my first impression of you smile 
schoool timmmeee! fun fun  not really  i have a feeling today is gonna be a good day   at least hopefully  smile 
so my dad is making me get a job this summer since my mom don't work in the summer and so he told me i can't have colored hair and i have to look nice  thanks dad for the boast in confidence! not  3 11 11  love 
love pisses me the fuck off the end 
today was very interesting and great  in math my friends and i were talking to cleverbot  it was <propfemale> freaking hilarious! one more day til spring break starts and a day closer to getting my wisdom teeth out smile 
 annoyed  i hate my father at the moment  grounded for a dog jumpping waist high out of my arms  he thought i threw him down  whatever  gonna have a great day(watch me be ungrounded by spring break)
how'd everything change? i mean i disappear from fb for about two days and everything seemed to change  oh well i guess  spring break is gonna be boring as hell 
bleh  hopefully i can <propfemale> with someone tuesday or something  i really need to get out of this house! ughhh  bored to death 
hacked this fat bitch named <propfirst> he's <propfemale> fat like <propfemale> i no i'm stupid cause i tried to open a door and it was locked so i just jammed my keys in there that's wat she said  i no i'm stupid that's how keys work right? this is so hard to open it's just likes keshas pants d:
"r i p <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> 10 9 94 - 4 3 11  heart-broken \\what if you saw this, ignore if you wouldn't care  like this if you would care  comment with a ? if you would come to my funeral  put this as your status and see how many people care about you "
 annoyed  tomorrow is gonna be painful! kinda nervous about being put under to get my wisdom teeth out  i just hope i won't be all in pain and crap  my mom said i could dye my hair red just like my bestie paigey waigey  can't wait smile  3 11 11  love 
yeahh so i can't feel my face and i'm doped up on loratab to keep the pain away  it was seriously nerve racking but its over with! yayz! happy b-day <propfemale> asphyxiated 
