9f745526e6afa13469a5a3a5165345b0
"everyone listen!!! i saw the best movie ever!!! go see avatar now  best ten bucks i ever spent  downtown theaters is where it is, ten bucks in and 4 50 for a medium soda that works  go there now!!"
nothin
mwah i am definetlyy not meself todaysssssss
"boredom, tis the sad face of my day  school really sucks! i just realized this today    then again i am in thms   anyways im really bored and i say   call me or text    "
ima cooking <propfemale> turkey!!!!!! tis a large bird indeed   
"i feel like eploding in a red haze of turkey stuffings, and cider      oh damn the world and all its people for making thanksgiving such a fattening day,,,damn damn you all     surprise "
a cup of coffee is my only friend in the morning!
i has no life anymore         i found a pebble on my floor and i vowed to take care of it for sake of all abandoned pebbles in our cruel world  laugh 
"tis the night of saturday, alas i do say   where be the world and its inhabitants? for i see no one on the streets celebrating the weekend today     laugh "
coffee      nuf said 
"another day gone and forever lost, another day wasted to my cache of useless things  will there ever be something of true value to occupy my days?"
i am alone!!!!! theres nobody in my home anymore!!! im so nervous right now   please somebody <propfemale> out!    ok fine im lonely and conversation sounds amazing right now!  laugh 
"every time i go back to that place i've been, i see all the choices that ill regret again  those places, those people i saw  that time i miss every night, godamn it, why did i switch schools   "
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
"im working out, to build me muscle so i can eat germany"
ahg i hate it when keys on keyboards dont work!
i just got home   and as usual i dont look forward to what is coming    sigh
i has a headache!!!!!!!! my mind is kicking me in the face     help me!!!
    im sitting in peverbial silence pondering what i should do     the butterflies in me stomach are saying i should make steak  laugh  but im still caught up in choices      surprise 
"boredom is and will always be, invading my mind!"
im <propfemale> biting kind of mood!  laugh 
"is sitting in my living room on a computer, waiting for something eventful to happen      is hoping for a tsunami   laugh "
o o                                                       you will blink
just got done with alot of wrapping  i hate that this time of year!
blah
sitting in boredom  missing her   
who needs a razor?
"hey everyone, i wont be on for alil longer     i dont have internets and i am using a computer that is not my own, but i wil talk to you all later"
laying down and thinking about her    boredom is and will be 
i guess that it was to good to be true            
okay i hate all of you who could have fun at thunderfest       i got stuck keeping the peace         damn mosh pits        
bwahhhhhahhhahah my ingenius absence was due to its wonderful note hahaha i own the world
bwahhhh i hads a concert last night and my stomach is still in a knot!! ugh!
i hads a concerts lasts nights and my stomachs is stills in a knots    ughs!
damn right i repeated myself  lol     stupid computers
woooaaah ooooh i wont change! wooooaaah ooooh i cant change    god i love free bird
"uuggghhh    work is not fun     im a cook not a general worker!!!!! so far i have been shoveling a never ending pile of gravel, scrubbing walls with a cleaner that will eat the skin of your arms  cleaning freezers and other mundan jobs    oh well    i love money too much to care  playful "
god  my sisters new house  is too big   goddamn
i go to work to get paid     not much else after that :  
"it is very strange that in the middle of me sending and reciving papers from the <propfemale> core, working at the hot-bite, and working mild construction with friends that i find time to get onto facebook     my day off so far seems well spent "
"i have a very busy week ahead of me  first is the fourth of july, then after that my parents are going to be talking to a <propfemale> core recruiter and i will be filling out more papers that are related to enlisting  then on top of it all i have work    woot!"
"there really is no more options for me now, this coming week i sign my enlistment papers, and next summer i will be hopefully going to boot camp  that is a big in your face for all of you who said i was'nt or could'nt do it "
bored bored bored     it's ten at night and i have little to do  i guess i will play my guitar 
"with no fireworks to entertain the pyro in me, i wrap up my night in absolute silence    now at 12:24 in the morning, i shall continue to sit in my utter fireworkless night   "
"holy hell, i just accepted somewhere around 30 friend requests     damn!"
i just started to learn how to play wanted dead or alive on my guitar     woot
i get to fly to anchorage on thursday to swear myself to the <propfemale> corp!!!!! so excited!!
i leave in 11 hours and i can't sleep!!!!!
what is on my mind? im back in town and theres nothing to do other than work  i go to anchorage again on august 1rst and then hopefully i will get everything in order 
dude    life sucks ass     im on a doctors order to hydrate   daily  for the non military peeps  hydrate means to chug a large bottle of water in one sitting and repeat until no more water can be drank    im on my third bottle today  i need to move to at least 5 or 6    
"sitting in my room, about to start some push-ups and sit-ups before i power nap for 2 hours  then i plan to head to pavitts or something with <propfirst> for a wonderfull day of working out with the <propfemale> corp!!!"
i don't want to go work out!! im still sore from the last time!!!    my muscles are in pain  sad 
ha i just learned how to play blackbird by the beetles   great song!
"i go to work in thirty minutes, it is not a good day for me today "
bahh i cant sleep and i have been doing basic pt for the last few hours  i should be tired and ready to pass out but i cant    
it's a day off for me and my dad leaves town today     it was great thing seeing him 
"blah, thats what is one my mind"
"going to run to jrc in the next six hours     not looking forward to the work-out or actual work after my usual work-out, because i go to work after working my body to the limits to test how much i can work myself before i fail  too much work!!"
one year  thats my time left here in juneau for awhile 
one day of work before i go to anchorage!!?? blasphemy!!!!!!!!
work work work work work work work work work work work work                    too much work!!!
12 hours from now im in anchorage    woot!!
"back in town after the weekend of stress, im part of the <propfemale> corp and am going to start a career in something great "
"my sister <propfemale> has reached a all new low, from two feet away she sends me a im while we are in the same room   "
airsofting tomorrow   call either me or <propmale> abrams for details
firsttime on in awhile  not much has changed   
possible fun weekend so far   waiting on others to confirm the info first 
"duude, had a wonderfull weekend, happy birfday <propfemale>!! woot, hit me up on the 21rst, it will be my turn to turn 18"
"got my itouch back, but with a quarter of the total songs   ahh well ill get them back eventually    annoyed "
"what is real and what isnt? how do we tell from the fake to the sorry, is there a test we must make  or do we simply dig until we know   i do not understand people  they lead us away from what we want  they tear us down until there is no more  the land of opportunity is lost and we may never regain it at all "
"hopefully if everything goes well, i get to get serously injured and possibly die for a schedualed emergency airport drill  yay fake blood!"
woke up pretty damn early    just to play some more reach    my weekend is dead 
"the pain of remembering, the sudden drop of self esteem  anxiety and fear grip me as i frantically search    \where are you?\"" the only question in my head  where did you go", why are you gone    the emptiness without you   the fatigue until i see you   i miss you greatly\9f745526e6afa13469a5a3a5165345b0,supreme judge: \you there," you simple minded citizen  i demand you wallow in your own self-pity!\""\"9f745526e6afa13469a5a3a5165345b0,"hey  just got everyone's birthday wishes, thanks to everyone and i appreciate it so much "
"hey all you airsofters, tomorrow around 4 to 5 there will be a few matches and we need people to go  we have extra guns and masks  just need people to use them  okay call <propmale> abrams "
had a fun night but next time people need to act real  fucking a  anyone want to chill and actually spend time together 
sitting here bored and i need people to chill with  somebody call me soon!!!!!
whats on my mind     <propfemale> corp!
"sitting here in my self doubt, oblivious to the world about  the smoke and the mirrors in my life are abundant, the truth in the world are sadly absent  where did the honesty and the loyalty disappear, replaced by cheaters and liars so sincere  for the one's who are truly called friend, but to avoid those who only pretend "
world is falling apart and i cannot hold it together   the fuck is going on?
goddamn it!! my xbox ate my black-ops!!!!
"the lack of internet or wifi in my home makes me seem like i don't talk to people, that's not true  i do talk to people, just not as often as i would like!"
and now i have someone very angry at me for my unintentional silence    woot  laugh 
"<propfemale> christmas all to all, now for the yearly feast of too much food     and hibernation"
sitting in bed not wide awake
confused and stuff    
"absolute boredom, and a strong missing of a certain person, you know who you are!  playful "
how can we allow the westboro baptist church to even exist? aside from protesting at military funerals and many others  the church has just announced that they will picket at the funeral of the 9 year old girl murdered yesterday in arizona 
"but thanks to our wonderful government, the congres has passed a law banning protesting and picketing of funerals in tuscan arizona  people need to shut down the church immediately "
boredom and fatigue are setting in     more pushups before i get tired
"agh, so much to do today, not enough time for it all tho "
about less than three months before boot camp   
"i don't fucking get it, when everything seems alright and i can finally be myself; it all goes to shit and i can't stop it from happening "
150 days left before boot       yay me  i don't e playful ect any going away parties either 
just had one of my best friends thrown into me by another my other best friend    lots of pain
"and my weekend comes to a close, here's to the new week then"
"i still don't get it, don't play me then ignore me completely  if i take the time from my life to open myself up to you, to ease up and have fun with you  don't fucking close me off and avoid me like i don't mean anything to you  i don't have the time or the will to waste myself for someone who doesn't care  i have too much on my plate and added more issues does not work"
"i leave this town and this life soon  i would like to enjoy the time i have left with my friends without all this guilt and worry  i leave for what will be the hardest part of my life, i don't need the stress and the hardship  i leave to better myself and my future, i don't need your problems and never-ending woes  i don't need this now"
superbowl is almost here!!!! packers!!!
packers!!!! one touchdown so far hell yeah!!!
another one for packers!!! annihilation!!!
three touchdowns!!!!!!!!!!!
packers are still ahead  woot
first sack of the game!!! woot
refs need to call fair and stop taking bribes from the steelers
one more for packers woot
packers all the way home baby!!!!
today has been good  ran a mile in about 8 minutes and have been super happy since 
"sitting here in my thoughts, thinking of what needs to be \the events of this night still fresh in my head, the start of something i hope to see  \nervous feelings i had at first, but all lead to heartfelt smiles\ideas race through my head, covering many miles \small talk just as it needed to be"
blank
blank again
"lying here in my regret, the choices of my life loom,\there is no going back to fix the wrong, just taking the worst for the fall  \never seen a time so sad and bleak, that my eyes are force to seek  \the lies and deceit is forevermore "
boredom is key to the creation of our new days 
watching get smart and sitting down with a bag of chips   today is good 
"nevermind, step brothers just started   day got better"
"its monday!!!     \so far its still just a monday to me   meh"
"and slowly i take my walk and head to school, the day is not at full bloom  the day is start and my time is short   i only wish, the weekend restart "
to the gym!!!!!!!
"i wrap my day up and i look back onto the events done away \smiles and laughs, jokes and wonder are spilt into the night  \a movie and some shows, cuddling under blankets and watching the snow \powder snow makes for poor snowmen, yet we made one work \had a amazing night, heres to another day done "
is thinking that he should go make some bacon and eggs
"so i am watching <propfemale> corp survival school, where they are trained on wilderness survival  enduring the hardest conditions that you can face  cold weather, lack of food, dangerous snow conditions  and many more \im looking forward to a good camping trip if this is what im going against \love bieng alaskan!"
and so i go to school    bleh
"worked out pretty hard, arms were like jello after   couldnt do any push ups cuz i was so sore  but yeah, lets do it again thursday!!"
playing mgs3 and loving every moment of it
zooom
i just don't know anymore 
"i am here to now post something random!!\i have look like i was attacked by a cat\and i want a jeep\which is the lie?"
"stafford92   yeah i fell into words with friends\                     lame me"
sleep
best night ever!!! played flag foot ball and it was the best  happy birthday again <propfemale> an <propfemale>!
all the running around and getting thrown around last night is finally getting to me   lots of pain!
yes this is off my xbox    and to all a good night 
"sunday was actually sunnny!!!! felt nice to have some sun  i missed it alot, but soon im going to hate it   downsouth where the sand is deep and the sun is hot  no sunbathing though, just drill and pt in boot camp "
"hell with it  lets see who kills the undead with me  \1  <propfirst> bishop\2  rakoen castro\3  <propfirst> mcewen\4  <propfirst> brownlow\5  <propfemale> mcmaster\\well i have confidence in these people to survive  now to build an armored school bus and stock up on kill factor "
"sitting here in my self-doubt, caught up in the time i have left,\friends i will leave behind, memories and faces fading away \the time is almost done and the chances are running out, \self-doubt is looming in my life and i look to my future  \life is mine to take and is always mine to make  \the world is there to give hope "
some things are just amazing 
"splenda   is not real sugar, but tastes like real sugar   yet is lighter than air  but doesnt look like sugar  \why is there splenda in my koolade?!?!"
e playful losion in damaged japanese nuclear reactor  it may be melt down imminent now  learn to love radioactive wind chill guys
it has come to my attention that being slammed and thrown while sparring causes massive bruising and sore muscles  well that was a fun mma class 
is bleh
likes peta (people eating tasty animals) and the 2nd amendment
"i still feel like utter crap, i have almost no voice  my eyes are stuffy  and i tried walking a few <propmale> yesterday  took me 2 and a half hours to do a normal twin lake to back loop walk     i'm still sick"
sitting here with nothing to do  i can't run  i can't talk loudly  (with effect) i can't bleh       bleh
is thinking that something spontaneous should happen 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ekvnqe8cku4&feature=youtube_gdata_player
where the hell is my football?!?!?! arrrgghhh the sun won't last forever!!!
gahhh!!!! so close to having wifi!! parents are holding out with setting it up because they are tired     bleh
"dubstep plus amazing bass surround sound headphones equal to teeth rattling in my friggen skull!\damn amazing"
"heres to another night spent pondering my fucking existance in life  do i really matter to people  or am i just a gimmick that people abuse and never really understand  yeah go world, go for your lack of understanding "
"coffee  a shower, some dubstep in my head  yeah, this morning is turning out great  can not wait for later around 12! glacier trip i think yes!!"
meh  i was hoping to get out and see people today   aw well 
"sunday sunday sunday   no matter how i say it, sunday is still boring "
good night juneau  anything else you want to throw my way in the terms of stress?
musicfest then the first track meet  all in the same month   woot
"you and i end up in a hospital together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   "
i will always remain a kid when im eating cocopuffs  they still amaze me when im left with chocolate milk    laugh 
"whoommm womp whoo whhooomp woomp womp womp\times ten in my ears tho "
dishes are not nice
yeah   pretty bored right now    i think some pushups sound nice 
i have wifi at my house finally!!!! powers of my itouch are now unlocked!!! wooooooooooot
"just wrapped up a amazing night, going to sleep now  good night world, i feel content and happy for once "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tartnirspyk&feature=youtube_gdata_player
"sunday sunday sunday  still boring as ever  \time to kill some zombies now "
"falling out of my only good dream, \life itself is tearing at the main seam  \my memories of my past are fading fast \living this life floods my mind with contempt, \fighting the doubt with hope i'm without \the stars shine and give a reminder,\that life can be simple and sweet \even when i'm so beat "
"good night juneau, i'm feeling better with the stars out tonight"
