00da7be368d46fa835e76e0f9e6b9365
"i need to get my mind right for the cold, the snow, and the foolishness that is milwaukee   i should probably start right now "
"packers, my packers   i still have faith!"
what the hell are you doin at the club on a tuesday night?? is it your birthday?! thanks to all for the good bday vibes! can we all do this again next month?
"bucks rule, hawks drool!!"
and the hawks are getting worked in milwaukee as we speak!
paint ball + cool peeps= good times
"wait a minute, where did all my $ go?? oh, yea   the house always wins  it's no lie, folks!"
"hate to say goodbye, but love to see a caged bird fly - i'll miss you much, bf!"
word   
"please cease, never met a blue drink i like  not gonna change "
"you know me, i'm not easily convinced  you gotta come with more than that "
i love it when the little things in life take my breath away!
gsu football baby! i finally understand what college ball is all about!
thank god this game finally started! favre for life!!
i see you falcons   
"oh bother, the sickness got me!!"
"happy veteran's day, thank you for all you do! shout out to my little big sister vet <propfemale> <propmale> and big brother bday boy <propfirst> <propmale>, enjoy your shared day!"
"remember, it doesn't matter whether you win or lose; what matters is whether i win or lose "
can thanksgiving be tomorrow instead? that'd be grreeeaaat 
ga is where i live but wi is my hometown   sorry falcons gb is gonna get ya!
"just roll with it and listen to me, i'm trying to better you   "
home mad early for christmas!
does anyone else really love these christmas claymation movies? or is it just me?
may the best of your past be the worst of your future - happy 2o11!
"green, gold, and sumi at the dome this saturday!"
location:the dome 
shhhhhh! you have to be quiet   we just put the falcons to bed 
"can you say superbowl??? i can, go gb!"
"that's not yellow i'm wearing, it's gold   go gb!"
victory!
raise your hand if you're going to st  <propfemale>!!!!!
take me to get somethin to eeeaaat!
yall whine too much
more money + more bills = damn shame
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
still can't believe she got me in hot pink! but it looked good though
kickball is the shit
"a big thank you to all the good people for the bday wishes via fb, text, phone, and in person!"
