6c45e6c2cc4ae647351db18ab28e453b
can't wait to race    so excited
i hate being by myself  as much as i want more freedom i wish my family was back already 
i wish that saturday were already here  i want to race sooo bad
hope the rains hold off today  i want to race soooo bad!!
had a good work out morning!!
sooo tired  i slept way too much
stupid rain  i hate it  it rained out saturday   sad 
i finished second last night!!!!yayayaya!!!
"happy happy birthday to me to who, me thats who!!!!"
soooo sore from all of the moving i have been helping with and from the crap night i had saturday with the racing 
i feel like pooooooo
wishing that i could some how be with <propfirst> right now  i miss him so much already  got a 2nd job (or at least 4 shifts) at the animal er  hope i do well and possibly get more shifts  keep your fingers crossed for me 
so tired and i have a shift at the er in an hour  me want more sleepy time!!!
"missing <propfirst>, working two jobs is <propfemale> tough  i dont ever get to see anymore it feels like  but the e playful erience at the er is <propfemale>oooooo awesome "
"i finally won a race with the tq  led every lap, it was rough"
rip booma  you will always be missed with  me and <propfirst> 
"i'm mad, i'm trying to get pix from saturday nights win and facebook isnt letting me  sad "
had a great weekend of racing  finished 2nd friday night and came from behind to finish 3rd last night  it was an amazing race  (from what i'm told)
man i wish dec 5  would come already so i can race!!!
why cant my stupid teeth stay together
please everyone go to official sponsor com>canidates>sports> find me and vote for me so i might be able to get prilosec otc to sponsor me 
blue and gray with poka dots
this new my touch i got for <propfirst>'s b-day is kind of sweet lookin
workin on a racing dvd for prilosec sponsorship and its aggrevating getting it perfect like i want it
hope its busy at the er today dont want to be bored like it usually is!!!
want to go racing soooo bad!!!
time for the race tonight!!!! cant wait!!!!
stupid lights went out last night at the races  didnt even get one race in  but my dad got me a cool jacket for coming 2nd in points last season and that made it better 
just wanted to say thank you so much to all the people who kept voting for me on the prilosec sponsorship because i got it!!!!
practice was grrrreat last night  new car was smooth an d fast
just made my first batch of jambalya and it tastes great to me go me!!! thanks <propfemale> for the recipe
can't wait til saturday for our race!
osteen's was great parents played a cruel joke w  the restaurant w  givingme dolphin instead of flouder
finished 2nd in the heat and 5th in the feature  so an ok night
finished second in the heat and then after a screw up on my part finsihed second again in the feature
on my way home to go to the concert yaayayaya
at the arena eyeyeyeye
if anyone would like to see my race cars monday morning at 10 they will be up at turn 2 motor sports on beach blvd for veiwing 
my little sister graduates tonight!!! im so proud of her!!!
race day! !!!
drinking a sun drop mmmmmmmm
had a race rain out yesterday : (
by myself laying out on the lake  wish i had a tanning <propmale> right now
so so sleepy  need some work to come in tonight so it will go by fast
need of a shopping <propmale> right now: )
man i love being able to spend all of your next paycheck with out even getting it yet  aint that just a hoot
working at the er today and i'm sooo tired
<propfirst> is taking me to dinner and to see a movie    im ready im ready!!!!
hope the rain holds off tonight so i can race  its been entirely too long since my last race
cant wait for my b-day sunday dad is taking me and my family and some friends to the itchetucknee and i cant wait
b-day already starting out bad  boyfriend can't even show up to be with me  ain't that just great
i want to crawl back into bed and go to sleep
i won!!!!! last night
waiting to go running with <propfemale>
sooooo sore
"so tired,  don't want to work at the er today"
waiting for <propfirst> and it's soooo hot
going racing and i'm crazy excited
only five more hours to go at the er
wish the car issue was over  its so annoying 
on the way to the track hopes it'll be a good night   time to go racing boys
my dad brought my car back to life  said there was minimal to no damage to the motor  i'm so thankful for him!!!
hope tonight's race finishes better than last weekend   lets go racin
i won!!!!!!!!
got my gymboss now i wont slow <propfemale> down with our runs in the mornings
can i just say that running suck big booty  i feel the results when i don't get as tired as i did when i was racing before i started running but man does it suck
sooners won!!!!!
how bout that tide!!!!!
it was so cold this morning on the run  didn't go the regular 3 due to asthma bothering me but did do about 2 <propmale> so yay
oh well finished third outta nine but might have dropped to third in points
oops was just told got beat by five points for the championship
walking back to work  only ran mile instead of three  i feel so lazy: (
loving my new phone!!!!
i'm so addicted to word fued it's crazy
well finished second not bad i guess
at the er by myself  sad 
after a long day at the er you don't e playful ect to see someone standing in the median on <propfemale> boulevard modeling poses in a blue glittery dress
sooooo bored at the er
ran this morning and didn't have any asthma problems hopefully i figured out my pace
just got done making the brownies for tomorrow it was sooo much fun making them and drawling on them  hope everyone likes them tomorrow
at the turkey <propmale> run and my calves are burning!!!!!
way to go noles!!!!!
yummmmmm <propfemale> lemon sundrop!!!!!!!
had a great run  time improved by 5 minutes!!!!!
gin
finally figured out my stupid messaging thing on my phone!!! excited and i feel better now lol
today was the day from hell at the er
opened aarons x mas gift early  it was a playstation3 move and its a blast
<propfemale> xmas everyone!!!!!!!
i love my family i am heading to <propfemale> s now  having a great day already
just got done eating some delicious spinks hawley dinner  it was amazing!!!!!!!
working on my scrapbook loving my short little vaca even though i can't go anywhere
"about to do my first 5 to midnight shift, its going to be crazy"
omg two hours after i was supposed to leave finally done tonight was crazy
eeeeeeeee!!!!!!! only one more car payment 
just made my first batch of beef tips (never had them before either) and they turned out really yummy
about to do my taxes i hope i get something back so i can move out when the money gets to me  *fingers crossed*
i got enough back eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee get money the 11th and will hopefully be out then or a little after
got my tax return!!!!!! moving out this weekend!!!!!
in now in good hands lol
crazy day today  moving out and already trying to buy my first washer
this auctioneer is giving me a headache
my jobs down fall- being bit by a cat and having to go to the doctors  it sucks big big butt!!!!
"just got done with the breast cancer marathon e playful o  man that was alotta pink, guess sunday is going to be even more with the marathon"
the cat that bit me last sunday was negative  big weight gone
finished my five <propmale> in about 1:28  never ran that far i did at heck of a lot better than i thought i would
found out yesterday that my race time was officially 1:23 not 1:28  so i feel even better about how i did in the relay!!!!
thank you everyone that i worked with today being able to let me leave early  i had a great day of much needed pratice  thanks again guys
"i love getting off work early and come home, use the neighbors dock and catch two fish within thirty minutes  i love living on this lake!!!!"
race day sooooooo excited  hope to take the 2011 championship
heat race done  won that now time to win the feature
well completed the night with a feature win!!!!great race night for us  too bad points weren't involved
sitting at the dentist  man i don't wanna be here
race day!!!!!!
remind me never to go on vaca in colorado  they are craaaazzzy
just saw somethin hilarious a three year old or so just shoot his dad a bird and then take off running
race day!!!!!!
i feel like poo!!! is it 6 oclock yet  sad 
"dear congress, last year i mismanaged my funds and this year i cannot decide on a budget  until i can come to a decision that fits all of my needs and interests, i will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes  i'm sure you'll understand  thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow  repost if you agree"
they take a job knowing they will never get <propmale>  they missed out on many holidays & events because of work  they may have to lay down their life or take another  their life e playful ectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress  yet you think they're overpaid & and you won't pay them because you can't work together to keep our govt running  yet you will pay yourself? shameful!!! post if you support your military!
omg just tried some of nikkis new recipes and mmmmmmmmmm they were good
omg just tried some of nikkis new recipes and mmmmmmmmmm they were good
havin friends here cookin out with the lake breeze    man this is fun
sitting at the house bored outta my skull wish i could go out
