0edfe29ab99336e4a89dabf9959c9987
"not for everyone  clinical tests show that <propfemale> may cause nausea, fatigue, and kidney or liver problems  please ask your doctor if <propfemale> iaiennaro is right for you     "
has people on her mind    and they weigh more than i do   so it's a little heavy right about now! hahaha 
"without me, you're just aweso    hmmm sucks to be without me, huh!?"
"so let me put my books down     excuse me if i look down, guess im a lil nervous     but im at your service, look @ what u took down   &hearts;"
wishes she was done with this research methods paper    ugh! who can honestly write 15 pages?!
"don't be fooled by the rocks that i got, i'm still   i'm still <propfemale> from the block    used to have a little, now i have a lot    no matter where i go i know where i came from !!! da field    lol &hearts;"
i am more than what you bargained for and nothin' less than real-- drake &hearts;
i think beyonce and rihanna have it out for me   and i also think that they need to take away my phone next time  except i might put a death threat out (( prob not a good idea ))    take away all the spoons! lol *inside joke*
"hey friend    you and your family are in my prayers  i love you    and i really wish there was something more i could do     i admire you so much because even when things are the hardest you still stay strong  just know that no matter what, even if you do"
ayyyy freditooos    come to mi cama!!! lmao!!!!!
doesn't this orange look heavy?! this orange in this shirt is heavy  it's heavy!!!     thanks chee for making this depressing stats class just a little more interesting  lol
"man i met so many people last week   abu, gandhi, the unicorn, twin, booski, and buddha   man, who knew they could bowl!? lmao "
you know how they say you are what you eat? i don't think i'd be so happy being a ham and cheese hot pocket     annoyed 
"kinda wondering why i'm at home on a thursday   ?!? oh well, won't happen again  wink  leaving massachusetts tomorrow, cali on saturday!"
"it's just now starting to hit how much i miss home, and how much i've missed since being home  siue, i'll be back sunday!  annoyed "
"i would like to conclude that i may be the only person who can lose her keys for a month, find them, and then accidentally throw them in a trash can    yep, i'm amazing "
"so is it sad that about 4 minutes and 33 seconds after i left the apartment, i *really* wanted the cake that was still inside??? i'm 4 minutes and 33 (now 3 smile  seconds too late  lol"
"    if a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless *or* naked??? question of the day  hahaha"
"should i make a move   or should i fall back?  let you do what you do, see in you in the song, i ain't trying kill the groove    know you turning down all them other ((girls)) but i ain't nothing like them, oh no  can't fight the feeling    &hearts;"
"did *not* realize graduating costs so much    content tests, oral proficiency tests, apt tests, plus the applications in themselves    can anyone say broke on the highest degree?!"
am just thankful that it was only my car that was hurt in the accident    even though that's hard to accept right now  &hearts; you fb 
soooo about how the kanye taylor swift deal is on youtube! hahahah for all you that havent seen it    man  the night is just getting funnier and funnier  and twitter right now     hilarious!
poker face? we can't see your effing face  wtf?
so did anyone else just catch lady gaga's nest for a face? just wondering 
is a true gangster 
has made one of the best decisions of her life     i &hearts; ??? !!!!  smile 
sooooooo   andale (my new car as of    summer 2009) has officially been pronounced totaled    awwwww  sad 
"soooo if i told you what i really thought, my guess is    i'd get in trouble  i'll keep it to myself  smile "
sooo most of you probably don't care about homecoming   but i do-- so vote for lo && <propfirst> for homecoming queen king! it takes twoooo seconds  smile  thanks and come again &hearts;
"apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?"
"sometimes i talk too much, i laugh too loud, i'm a little too goofy   but then i look back, and i realize that my imperfections are what make me beautiful    what make me me&hearts;"
do you think there's a problem when people you don't know walk by you in the library and you change your <propfemale> from facebook to look like you are doing something smart    and then you go right back after they walk by?
treyyyyyyyyyyyy songz bab-ay!!! ill be in the <propfirst> to see my future husband &hearts;
"needs the world to know that she met one of the loves of her life, <propfirst> and has pics to prove it-- he should let me love him  wink  bahah    and had the 1 of best days of her life going to see <propmale> songz in chicago! &hearts;"
dancing around in her underwear acting like she's <propfemale> in 1999    bahahah  smile  i love my life  &hearts;
"is ready for the night with a sexy ass cop, a <propfemale>, a cat, an angel, a french maid, and of course, who could forget pocahottie! bahahaha  &hearts;"
"i love my big, kendyl schmidt!!!  smile  yayyyyyy  i also &hearts;my ??? girlssss of course! you guys make me smile    and laugh    a lot!"
    do you think weight watchers gives points for putting the food in your mouth and spitting it out? just wondering  lmao
even when everyone else lets go and gives up on you   there are still *only a few* friends (and sisters) who do not let go    &hearts; i really appreciate you 
sometimes   you gotta make sacrifices  and it sucks when something you *really want* is that sacrifice   annoyed 
a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a <propmale> to get its pants on  --<propmale> churchill &hearts; bahahaha
"   he got me from overseas, i'm his ms  <propfemale>, can you be my soldier please?? bahaha  smile "
trying to find a solution for the stress in my life    i need something to make me feel better even when im frustrated  any ideas?
i'm attracted to him    wit his attractive ass    lol!  wink  yeahhhh remix
i hear you want somebody to call boo   well i will change my name to boo and f#@$ around and call you    y ahora que quieres hacer?! &hearts; &hearts;
soy capitan (its almost timeeee) !!!! only <propfemale> makes quesadillas at 4 am   bahahah  are there raindeer antlers on that car?! *this right here's a panty dropper   i'm falling off!* it's midnight    on my bday    that only means that me and my girls gotta swag out bahaha    wink  i ended up having an amazing birthday! thanks to my awesome friends 
"is having an amazing day so far  smile  glad i have awesome friends, *amazing* sisters, and some crab rangoon at <propfemale> <propmale> awaiting my arrival after work! lol"
"is it sad that my body thinks it's past my bed time, but my homework won't let me?"
"aint got a man, but im not alone   miss independent! i got my own ?"
"loves the step team  smile  awwwwww! you guys make me smile     oh, and i'm afraid to go outside right now because everybody's statuses are about wind  i don't happen to like wind  lol"
"you know when you think you're cool with someone, and they look at you, and they're just like uhhh no    bahaha that's the moment i need <propmale> thanatos manery with a paperclip and a napkin  "
"thinks she was a nun in a past life    back to nunnery, guys!  smile "
<propmale> thanatos manery is being an @$$ on facebook!
ayan gasanli just mistakenly told me jesus has a facebook     man i got excited 
ready to go out on these streets of springfield    bahaha!  wink 
is thinking about those who have less than i do on this christmas    i'm so fortunate to have what i do  && i hope your christmases are everything you believed them to be!! feliz navidad a todos &hearts; &hearts;
the best new years ever     nobody can deny fireworks on a beach with a bottle in hand is the best nye on earth  just sayin
wishes she could cut out every part of her life that doesn't make her completely content    yeah i do believe there'd be a lot! &hearts;
"my body still hurts, but i feel a lot better  smile  yay for dayquil nyquil and snow dayssss!! school && work tomorrow!"
"you say shrimp, i say camaron     smile  isn't that right, <propfemale> reeves, <propfirst> jh horton, and <propfemale> <propmale>??? &hearts;"
"   who remembers hippo hunting?? <propfemale> reeves, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> 'lilbit' glaspie, <propfemale> <propfemale> may?? i miss the good ol days     lol"
"   if i could marry this song by <propfirst> thicke && ludacris, i'd be officially engaged to a song    lol  smile  hellll yes "
is it sad that i got overly excited when i changed the channel && saw gullah gullah island    and then the flintstones??     lol
so mexico was amazingggg    but i'm going to be disappeared off this earth until my phone reappears from the ocean-- i e  my phone fell in the ocean && i now don't have one lol   
soooo i just drove my car through the quad for the hell of it    prob the most excitement i've had n awhile
frustrated a lil cuz i just dont ever feel like i can do enough for anything     annoyed  &hearts; it will all be better soon i hope   
hardest day of my university e playful erience     by far  but now its over and ill have a life again april 29th    
about to go take my last true teaching test     american professional teaching test in about an hour <in carbondale> wish me luck  smile 
soooo about how google maps has me goin thru towns that had to be filmed on texas chainsaw massacre the remake    like i am on set lights camera action
just in case anyone wondered    im pretty sure facebook is 5 times more fun in spanish  just sayin 
"excuse me, i just noticed you noticing me and i just wanted to give you notice that i noticed you too "
tonight's like a step back into memories    it's much better now than it seemed it would be  smile  &hearts;
so i felt bad bc i accidentally dropped a bottle of bleach on this man n a wheelchair    but then he got out his chair to yell at me! wtf?
"the reality is, the ending sucks and it makes you cry-- but i've gained so much from the past year that i can't be too sad about the ending  plus, an ending means a new beginning   and everybody likes those, right?! &hearts; d phi e"
"it's funny bc i never used to realize when a moment was awkward    now i have an \this is a really awkward moment\"" face    it's pretty sweet  lol u can tell pretty much anything from my e playful ression """
"student 1- look! there's ms iaiennaro in the movie!!! student 2- no , stupid, that's sacagawea    ms  i is not indian, are you ms  i ?? lmao!1"
celebrating <propfemale>'s bachelorette partyyyy tonight   i'm leaving my phone n an undisclosed location so i don't drop it in a lake or sumthin
"so about how my car got towed, i got hit on by a man named bj, my name is now izzy and i convinced <propfemale> to sleep in a bathtub    i'm pretty sure it was a successful bachelorette party  now i have to resolve my life  smile "
"    so as for putting my life into boxes, i'm pretty unsuccessful    tengo hambre "
so all of this packing is making me realize that i'm officially moving to the real world     can i handle it? i hope so   smile 
two days away from officially completing a double major   sociology and spanish education  smile 
i'm graduatinggggggg! thanks to everybody that made it happen  told you id be successful  smile 
asxaa
thanks spongebob for a good laugh    patrick: whats claustrophobic? spongebob: oh    that's being afraid of <propfemale> claus   lmfao!
i wonder if p diddy wakes up feeling like <propfemale>    ??
"ready for a night out!! on my way to st <propfirst>, lookin cute, smellin nice, its gunna be a good night  love "
may the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows     love 
"three hours of sleep and going strong    kindergarten, and now summer camp    i'm going to sleep well tonight  smile "
so    i need to figure out my life in about 3    2     1      lmao
so about how @skinnilele333 fell asleep before her damn mc donalds came    and fell asleep before finishing her sentence lol wtf i'm glad i'm drivin!
bedtime  i need to destress more this wk  and i'm thinking the staying up late is not helping    
"realizing that in the end, you're the only one who can truly look out for you and your best interests     annoyed "
so u know you're in east stl when you see a crackhead carrying a door down the street
    this game got my heart goin like im playing lol
fiestaaaa friday what up! lol
inbox me and tell me something that you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us! put this as your status and see what you get  this should be interesting!
"don't cry for me, mexico     my heart has never left you  smile  haha   "
i swear this day just keeps going on and on    and hasn't gotten better yet  i'm going to hope that my night will be ok   
if you 'like' this status    i shall tell you my first impression of you    always honest and truthful  smile 
"without failure, we would never have success  you must make a mistake in order to learn a lesson    #justsayin"
#tweetsfromlastnight 'im going to put it on   just in case   ' lmfao
so lk    i had the funniest fourth of july ever  shoutout to carlecia && <propfemale> <propfemale>! wat up
"     its midnight, and my night is just starting    let's see how this goes "
quiero estar con mi mejor amiga en mexico! tqm y te extrano    pero espero que tu viaje sea buenisima!  smile 
it's just that one look in a child's eye that shows what you said did meant something    that's what makes me do what i do everyday 
so right now i'm trying to figure out my life    missing my dphie sisters and my roommate (who's in mexico city right now having the time of her life  wink     ready to go back to reality  let's go!
"i need 2 start livin my life the way i want 2, rather than the way others want me 2  n every sense, every way, and everywhere  starting now "
"okay    so if anybody has anything for a new house, let me know  i need all donations  smile  lol"
there are definitely some people in your life that leave footprints on your heart; those people in my life most definitely know who they are  i appreciate you all so much 
good night over all lol    that's about it for me yall
"dear adulthood, i don't think i'm ready to join you  growing up and waking up at 6 every morning doesn't really fit my style  sincerely, <propfemale> <propfemale>"
"\i'm booksmart    well not all books  just some \"""""
"     so <propfemale> is drinking a milk infused melon <propfemale> drink right now! how's that for alliteration?! okay    only 3 words, but i win! happy labor day wknd everyone "
"      soy capitán! soy capitán! stay there <propmale>    i think they're trying to intimidate us by sitting in that vw bug at the stop sign    well, did it work?! no  lol  and i'm pretty sure that's a sign we aren't getting a drink   "
had so much fun with her roommates last night  smile  annnd i found a newfound love for carbondale!
just chaperoned east st <propfirst> sr high's homecoming    lol i saw everything that only a gynocologist should see    but it was def fun
mmmm i wanna find something to do for tonight    ima take a short lil nap and hope that my roomies are up to do somethin!!  smile 
sooo i'm pretty sure this bed is once again the best thing that ever happened to me   too bad we only have about 3 hours to spend together    #teamwhydoineedcprtraining?
you and me baby ain't nothin but mammals so let's do it like they do on the discovery channel    lol! #bringitbacknow
"r i p  to my wonderful pencil sharpener  you lasted two whole months with mistreatment and crashes onto a hard, hard floor  we will miss you"
rude people suck 
i have so many things i still want to do n my life  i can't stop or pause for a minute bc then i might lose the opportunity to be great 
"lock in's with 70 kids are officially the craziest thing i've ever attended a burnt arm, loss of a nail, and many diff items flying thru air"
"i was planning on being something worth mentioning, energy invested in someone i saw potential in   who killed chivalry? they need to get their sentence in   "
i love bad days that end up as good days  smile 
"reminicising about my 21st birthday when 1) i tripped over a cinder block and fell into a trashcan on my way into blackout 2) i wore a white dress in an all black party    and e playful ected not to stand out    and 3) one of my friends puked into champagne glasses perfectly, with no spill over "
"gettttt it, get itttt!!!  smile "
i'm mad at myself! who lays down at 8pm for a nap and doesn't wake up til 730 the next day?! now i'm not tired    & i still wanna party 
"if you buy your 3xl white tee from a gas station    you have no <propmale> with me  and also, those have been out for 3 yrs  just sayin "
"there are some things you can't change even if you try    so i've learned that the best thing to do is accept it, and figure out how it can make you a better person   smile "
i have never been so upset with a class ful of children  man i need to figure out how to get to these kids before the streets do   
"just remembered     if hottness was an oreo, you'd be double stuffed  lol! night was made "
"so i go to bed at 130    i wake up at 530, get ready    get all my school work together   and now my keys have completely disappeared  i don't know where the eff they are  what do i do? i had to call off one job     hopefully i find them soon"
"so     after 3 hours of searching, a call off to one job (i don't call in   ever), three loads of laundry, cleaning out my car and my closet-- my keys were found  ugh! why am i so dumb? lol"
people say don't mistake my kindness for weakness    but what if your weakness is kindness??
"i'm soooo sleepy  woke up at 4 for this speech tournament, ill be there til 3 or do, thn headed to babysitting  long day ahead = lk 4 sodas!"
"so today, a student in my last hour was playfighting with another student  when i called him out on it, he yelled \don't ever talk to me again!\"" lmfao    that hurts """
"so is it sad that i get extra excited about the small things like my airport fountain soda choice, and i stand there 4 abt 5 <propfemale>  like its a serious life decision?"
let's see if black friday in massachusetts is any diff  from black friday in il    haha people are probably still just as ignorant  smile 
"i find it funny that as we drive, my dad is trying to guess which shopping establishment that each car is headed to   by the type of car they're driving "
"don't ask me why    but i decided to eat a salami, egg, and cheese sandwich    bad idea  now i wanna puke  shoulda stuck w dunkin donuts  "
i wish i could be like a dog or a little kid and love unconditionally no matter what    
"after seeing a turkey brined in a bucket, stealing remus from a large yellow lab, shopping for hours for my new ipod, and a successful thanksgiving filled with fun, family, and xbox360-- one more flight, and i'm home sweet home  smile  i missed my roomies!"
"have u ever been on e on the highway and didn't have anywhere to stop, so u turned off the heat and turned on your hazard lights to make it to the gas station?? oh    just me?? cool    lol"
so the fact that <propfirst> has made call of duty black ops his own personal drinking game has officially made my night     smile 
"soooooo excited  smile  everything is booked and ready for my bday  one more full day of work, and a full day of relaxation with my favorite people!"
thankful for all of the true friends i have in my life  last night was amazing and i'm glad i had all of you to celebrate with me  smile 
happy birthday to meeeee  smile 
"okay sooo i've only done 2 of these for people i truly like    #9 is pretty much one of the most amazing guys i've ever met in my life  you are honest, sweet, and sooo laid back that i love to spend time with you  when can we <propfemale> out again? let me know bc i'm ready to kick it!"
"at this staff christmas party    lmao this has to be the most interesting ish everrrr    at times i do love east stl, illinois! lol"
i love my speech babies  smile  they're so good to me    man  these kids are amazing  excited for our tournament today!
the 6 yr old boy i babysit for just informed me that the kids at the very top of <propfemale>'s christmas list get to be <propfemale>'s elves    and i didn't make the cut  lol
snow dayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!  smile 
"sometimes i wonder if the next step i take will really be the best step   & how do you make it your best, if you never truly know what's in store for you?"
"so i've come to the conclusion that you can sleep when you're dead, and that this is the season to celebrate  ready for tonight!"
alll myyyyyyy lifffeeeee i finallyyyyy founddd youuuu     affffrrrriiiiicccaaaaaaaaa (roooomieessss)
so who told mother nature to let it be about 4 degrees tonight? waiting in my car for aaa to get here to jump my car    again  lol
"according to my best friend, the elf strippers that are coming over tonight have   anatomy "
"christmas this year has been amazing    first roommate christmas, then our work christmas parties    ah i dearly  love  the ppl in my life"
i love christmas with my family  smile  they're absolutely amazing   this all coming from my new laptop!!! ahhh     now on with the food   !
"in 24 hours, ill be in the country that makes me feel the most at home- with two people i love more than anything in the world    miami vice, español, puerto vallarta, tienes mi <propfemale>! &hearts;"
"mmmm the fun, friends who have become family, tacos, and <propfemale>!!! i must be arriving in mexicoooooo! lol puerto vallarta , no sé si estás lista para nosotras!"
on my way to celebrate <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> wilkerson's birthday! but it took me & <propfemale> drury 30 minutes to get my shoes on    so we know we're going hard tonight  smile  hi <propmale> giammaria
have you ever felt like you would give everything you have to make things better?
a lot of people walk in and out of my life    but you're one of the only ones i truly wanted to stick around      smile 
has anyone noticed that we're in the    'yeah you're screwed' part of every weather chart?
slowly realizing that i cannot completely live my life to its fullest until i move to mexico    approximately 296 days until the big move  &hearts;
"winter, because of you, i've decided that i no longer want to live in a house owned by someone who doesn't plow his whole driveway or move a dilapidated truck out of a perfectly good parking space  sincerely,\girl pushing her car out of a snowpile at 4am"
"    i think of what better ways to start the day than the aaa guy calling <propmale> a dumbass   oh wait, there are none  "
he's putting chicken fertilizer on the driveway in the place of salt   because he ran out 
so i know you love these minute by minute updates    but now they're literally dragging my car out by chaining it up to a flatbed truck  
"car is out  landlord was officially called a dipshit about 13 times by the aaa guy; then he spent about 5 minutes approximately telling me that i need to find a new house in the area  lol i'm glad that he knows it as well as i do  bedtime, up in 4 hours "
man    watching this snow storm from this bus window has me hoping   praying   that i get to chatham for this speech tournament safe   
let's just say ice + stairs + <propfemale> = fight my knee did *not* win    but the roommate asked me if i want to put ice on it lol and the other roomie called me hobbles    not feeling so great right now 
i wish i didn't live in such a hellhole   
"happy <propmale>'s birthday everyone    i know you're all out celebrating, but we must remember one of our best fallen presidents, helping begin with many civil changes in our country! bahaha  smile  #uknowurfromspringfieldwhen   "
i love the taste of fake <propfemale> flavor in my soda  it makes my day 
¡feliz día de san valentín! i hope you all have a wonderful day  smile 
"rip uncle <propfirst>    you are gone, but never forgotten  you're finally able to join aunt <propfemale> up there watching over the cubs with a beer in hand     smile  love you, i just wish i could've said goodbye "
sooo   my first orthopedic knee doctor appt is today    not excited  annoyed 
i just know i have to be the strongest believer in 'everything happens for a reason'     &hearts;
sooo    the room i'm in for my mri makes me feel funny  the sign says there's such a strong magnetic field that it can erase debit and credit cards    somehow i don't think that's safe! lol
i think the reason people hold on to memories so tightly is because memories never change   when everyone else does  &hearts;
so    i told my boss that i was having a midlife crisis    and she told me to go get a few drinks  lol
"had a great day today!  smile  its not always what happens to you, but the way you react to the situation  life is good &hearts;"
     i left my dvd in the car   smile 
"dos cosas muy importantes-- 1) felíz día de san patricio a mi mejor amiga <propfemale> o'reeves  smile  haha  you da, you da best!! and 2) happy founders day to all the lovely ladies of dphie!!! i  love  && miss you all!"
"is pretty sure that she is the only possible person to tear their acl by falling on ice  my acl was nonexistant in the mri   so i'm looking at two weeks of physical therapy, and then surgery  but its st patricks day, soooo blimey matey- i'm out!  wink "
"and her best friend, <propfemale> reeves are going to the whale exhibit today  be jealous of us "
it feels like mexico outside     hmmm    now all i need is a miami vice and some street tacos  smile 
pumbaa    not in front of the kids! hahaha  smile 
chillin at the apartment with this winter wonderland outside lol mannn plz remind me why mother nature brought this blizzard in march!?
"i feel lk sleep is a vicious cycle    on the days you truly wanna sleep in, its not possible- but all the other days when you cant, its simple to sleep longer "
cant wait until <propfemale> and <propmale> become a new addition to the family   even if it is a year from now  wink 
just had the most amazing churros in the history of the united states lol    my life is now complete 
what do you do when you dont have enough money for toll on the highway? *need answers immediately*
currently in the process of creating a plan to run away to mexico    although i guess it's not really running away if i'm telling fb  smile  hahah 
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  how we met  2  my first impression of you  3  what i like about you  4  my favorite memory of you  5  but if you like this you must put this as your status 
"hi everyone!!! right now im enrolling children from 6months to 6years old at head start!! its geared for children of people who work in agriculture (united, <propmale>, farms, etc) its a completely free program!! please let me know if you know of anyone!! thanks!!"
"dear tomorrow, please wait to come for a fewwww (like 40) more hours  i don't want surgery     sad  sincerely, <propfemale> <propfemale>"
i truly have some of the most amazing people in my life  my surgery went well  thanks for everyone who checked on me    i'm spending the night n the hospital (me & morphine) lol and i should be outta here <propmale> 
"congratulations to my best friend, @<propfemale> reeves for graduating today!! you made it! we both knew you could  with amazing grades, a good gpa, and a teaching degree- now we can officially move off to mexico (as soon as the lease ends)! yay! te quiero mucho mejor amiga!"
i've given up writing facebook statuses for the good of the world  okay i'm not sure how long this can work for  even a few hours will help humanity  hahaha  wink 
"the hardest things about recovery from acl surgery: not being able to walk far distances, pain, not working out, & que no puedo pasar tiempo con mi mejor amiga! te extraño!"
"approximately 288 days until <propfemale> reeves and i move to puerto vallarta, mexico    which means we have approx 288 days to prepare (we're already ready), to save up, and to do everything we can w  our friends and family-- and <propfemale> every moment! can't wait to live by the beach, and be able to have miami vices whenever i want  &hearts;"
"so the doctor gave me two more weeks of being incapable of taking care of myself   lol so until june 3rd, ill be in springfield recovering   annoyed  at least i have an amazing mom to help me through it all! &hearts;"
"everyone will be invited cordially to my wedding with <propmale> potter (in his older years, of course)    addresses please! hahahah  wink  *insert british accent here*"
i feel so lucky that i have the friends && family i do   you guys make my world 5 million times better  yay for good days  smile 
"i'm starvinggg, i need a shower, i'm a little sleepy- but all in all, i'm glad to see another bright and <propfemale> day and can't wait to go to stl 2nite w  the bff!"
wanna know how cool we are? we sing lion <propmale> and aladdin theme songs in the car on the way home   with no cd or radio 
"sooo    anybody in springfield this weekend, you should most definitely come see me at the taste of downtown! i'll be working the beer tenttt with <propfirst> manery! excellent food, tons of adult beverages-- why not?!  smile "
"can't wait to spend this amazing july weekend with ja'melah, <propmale>, carlecia, & <propfirst>!!  smile  * and my future husband, <propmale> potter, of course  wink "
is now officially a middle school spanish teacher  smile 
"woowww    its been all crazy, yet good news the past few days    still in shock from a whole lot of things!  smile "
thinking of all the amazing people who are were in my life    i promise to make you all proud     smile 
gotta work (awww man! on a sunday! haha)     then dinner with some of my favorite people ever! today is a good day &hearts;
i'm afraid to ride my bike on roads    which is pretty much the only place i can ride    soooo
"everybody dies, but not everybody lives   "
"so between the both of us, 250 dollars on alcohol and food, 220 on a hotel room at <propmale> park plaza, a hangover, a lost credit card, and a couple of indian dances later  molly reeves, i'm sure your birthday was a remake of the hangover lol"
just got my missouri certification today  smile  yayyyyy!!!! i'm completely positively officially a teacher!!! what up!?
"don't judge my journey, until you have walked my path &hearts;"
"just remembering the time that <propfemale> reeves and i almost died coming home from mayto, when <propfirst> rosen almost drove off a <propmale>  lol!! \soy capitan!!!\"" hahaha   the good times in mexico  smile """
"i am soooo sleepy!!! ugh  lessons, finish yourself! lol"
"rest in peace fallen heroes of 9 11  praying for you, and your families today, 10 years later "
"yayyy  smile ! flag football boys won 56-6, cheerleaders had amazing cheers, soccer boys lost 4-1 but played stronger than ever, and soccer girls tied 2-2 with 3 less players than the opposing team  all in the weekend of an athletic director!"
mexican soda is so much better than american soda 
