8b45e3242ebd8229c6bec4c1b9786289
its good to be in the new year!
"i was looking for love in all the wrong places looking for love in too many faces searching your eyes, looking for traces"
my sisters bday is today so i am going to that then i have to work a 3 - 9 at menards where u dont save big money   
yeah it was cold out today and i worked 3 to 9 now i have to work a 3 to 8 sunday 
grape stogies are good 
omg nooooo xbox live is down!!!!!!
im pickin up good vibrations  shes giving me excitations 
i think people have a facebook posting photos problem when has it ever been necessary to have 100+ pics of you is that so the creeper online can get a pic of you in every <propfemale>?
viper time
going to west bend till friday  i hate going around horicon 
is not feeling to good 
just bought a ps3 need to get games 
cant sleep thinking of someone 
brüno is a bad movie dont even rent it 
fucken hurt 
some one text me    bored 
i think we should all take this time to talk about the lunar landing  and the fact that it was the last time wisconsin increased its taxis on beer 
pissing of my sister  listening to fear factory and it is loud 
just got done with a 48 hour day of work
got to go to sleep soon  working from 2 to 8
feet dont feel right 
can anyone tell me y qualudes the drug are illegal?
wooot just put $300 worth of parts into my computer its running fine now!
i got new glasses and they look very nerdy
fammily stuff today  text
moving sucks!
fuck football is making my skin breakout  frowny 
sick of moving 
tired and want to play video games feel deprived  some one help me!
just got a mohawk and it looks good!
"that football game was fun but, my back hurts "
homecoming week was too long 
there were way to many single women at the dance last night and we even imported some germans  lol
still laughing because of that one kid that got pissed on      haha
is anyone having trouble with facebook my dad sayed that some one put a poll about obama?
pissed
feeling alot better 
some fox news see what the republicans have to say no on  then bed  you know <propfirst> beck always makes me fall asleep 
culvers without colz in a little bit   
nothing right now 
confussed ()()()()()(   y   )()()()()()
got back from ethans we were practicing our death growls    good times  smile 
work 3 - 9 its going to suck so bruised from last nights game 
is feeling sick and his muscles feel weak 
tired and cant wait to go coon bashing friday!!!
getting tired of the simple lifestyle
going to bed gn world see yah all w morning 
omfg a spider just spun down his web right in front of my face     ewww i hate spiders
i would like to thank everyone who has come to our games and supported the beaver dam high football team of 2009
i hate writing papers for 20th c am lit
"listening to a good song, <propmale> <propfemale> by weezer  while writing my paper for american lit"
saw 6 wasnt the best movie but i give it a rent
so i am going to give wrestling another shot in my life see how it works out 
what is up with teachers that think i got time off so they will put a shit load of hw on me and worst of all they think they are the only ones giving out hw that day 
bored text me up    plz lol
is dazed and confused 
i maed a gam3 w1th z0mbies 1n it!!!1 is amazing and everyboday should by it
i have 2 peanut butter cups left who wants them?
working 3 to 9 text me plz i think my number is in my profile 
get shut out cowboys
wrestling is hard    but i like it 
coles isnt feeling good helping him out 
yeah i just got done with work lets party    ohh nvm its sunday 
bored   
i hate losing
this new pic that i have is amazing lol!
got to do some homework then going to bed!
eating and not being able to breath through my nose sucks
at my moms sick and tired 
i am tired and have homework to do  playful 
got my sac pinched and pulled at wrestling practice    that is against man code 
i own acouple avatar in my basement plan on getting busted like <propfirst> vick lol
slaying vampires for fun!
i got the rrod(red ring of death  general harware failure  xbox is now only usefull as a big coaster) on xmas and i just bought an xbox feeling better 
dont know what i am going to do   
work sucked who would have knew    time to sleep then school then wrestle then  repeat x 5 then wake up at 6 smile 0am for a tourney get home at 10 pm wake up for my day off and do it all over again for like 27 more weeks till summer and then enjoy  smile 
playing with my belly u know the ultimate pillow lol
feb 16 dedicated to mardi gras!!!!
yeah watching escanaba in da moonlight!!!
tired    wake up at 5 to weight lift    
inv in belgium its going to suck seeing the old school    its been so long
omg this packer game is making me sick    
fuck
girl you ain't the only one with a baby that's no excuse to be living all crazy then she looked me right square in the eye and said everyday i wake up hoping to die she said nigga i know about pain 'cause me and my sister ran away so my daddy couldn't rape us before i was a teenager i done been through more sh you can't even relate <propfemale>
because you had a bad day you're taking one down you sing a sad song just to turn it around you say you don't know you tell me don't lie you work at a smile and you go for a rideyou had a bad daythe camera don't lie you're coming back down and you really don't mind you had a bad day you had a bad day
wow i just lost to a guy that looked like he buys beers for his buddies    
sleep now invite later     
kk going to bed good nite 
"it's 4 surprise 3 and i can't sleep without you next to me i toss and turn like the sea if i drown tonight, bring me back to life breathe your breath in me the only thing that i still believe in is you, if you only knew"
hate being ignored
blue mountain state is funny 
enjoying senior release at school then going home then back to school     ooohhhh yeah then i have to go to the hockey game and get a trophy for stomping on waupun during the football game   smile 
tired and i hate panic attacks
just relaxing for awhile    i love it when u call me big poppa
why cant there just be more love  if everybody told 1 person a day that they loved them would it decrease the suicide rates in the world? maby we dont need that what if the world becomes over populated??? hmm but i think the world would be better if we all loved more 
a new day for new things   smile 
dislocated my arm today arm feels like shit 
<propmale> jahnke wants my d    lets see if he seees this one lmao
got back from the wrestling meet and i think if some one doesnt watch there words they might be finding a lawsuit in there face 
dislocated my arm again and its only been 3 days since my first time  i think i am going in to get an mri 
going to be hope my arm doesnt dislocate while i am sleeping looking forward to a good 7 hour nap 
going to bed going to make it a good nite lol
fuck my life   
smoke crack it makes u feel good! jk
so bored some body prank call me plz     1 (920) 296-6303
i ar sic
omg <propfemale> <propfirst> is such a hotty
sic of this shit   
lmao playing xbox and i herd on some guys mic <propfemale> got to go potty lmao
god my dad thinks i swear because i want to    he doesnt know that i swear for urgency  like u kids get the f*** out of my room
at school     once again beaver dam has somthing to prove by sending there kids to school ; (
playing aliens vs predator demo on xbox live cant wait to get into a lobby it looks so sick
just had a political debate at 330am      hey i got a joke what is worse than a republican    nothing haha
omg <propfemale> is a hottie
finnaly got some picks up of my past  
spent the day with my bro and his bday and wait for monday to come then doc appointment to talk about surgery
not going to have surgery  but going to pt 
just when you think all earthquakes are done there is another one    what happens when we rebuild everybody from all these earthquakes?    and then we get hit by one 
what's on your mind?
crush a bit; little bit; roll it up; take a hit feelin’ lit feelin’ like 2 am summer night i don’t care; hand on the wheel; drivin drunk; i’m doin’ my thing rollin the midwest side and out livin’ my life getting’ out dreams people told me slow my road i’m screaming out fuck thaat imma do just what i want lookin’ ahead no turnin’ back 
a new day and it feels good!
it is a new day and it does feel good but not as good as the packers!
<propmale> <propfirst> announces online he is gay     really
watching spartacus: blood and sand because bulcock said it was good so far it does look good 
hey guys party @ imp!!!! everybody is invited!!!! byob
ohh yeah had fun last night at my budies place and now its time to clean my room!!!
"i have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you,  i've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you   so let's make the most of this beautiful day,  since we're together, we might as well say,  would you be mine?  could you be mine?  won't you be my neighbor?  won't you please,  won't you please,  please won't you be my neighbor? sounds creepy when i say it lol"
dude where is <propmale>?
omg my new chem class makes my iq drop like 20 points    
ok my perdictions    the leadsinger of green day will come ot of the closet and then the next cool comic book movie to come out will be a green arrow movie or somthing    toyota will go under and all hail the super power ford
i hate chicks that think they are fat 
a hog has nothinng on my geo  lol
watching the brewcrew right now 
this is a good brewer game!
just got back from a brewer game it was amazing had alot of fun with my future brother in law  i give him my stamp of approval
just got my new car 
traded <propmale> decks now i just need to find out how to instal it   
just got my new deck have to instal it now
want to find a long lost friend of mine thought i might try facebook name is <propfemale> <propmale> went to salem with me in middle school not shire where she went to high school??? wish i could talk to her she is in my dreams for some reason and i feel like i should reach out for her  could this mean somthing
"come and follow me through the hole and lets see whats on the other side of the tracks  1  a guy that has no future is not a man he is dead weight  2  a guy that lives in the city and drives the biggest truck they can find well    u know what that means  3  a guy that wants to talk to a girl isnt a \creeper\"" he is a guy  and a creeper is one who walks on all fours   but wait there is more!"""
4  just because you think that the guys at your school are all dbags doesnt mean that the guys at a different school are any different (yeah we all talk about girls in the locker room they do at other schools too) and  5  if you puke and (he she) leaves it was never ment to be     and here i leave you with some common cents      dont spend it all in one place lol
shit y am i up lols
sitting at home chillin waithing for somthing to happen
2 words mifflin rocks
yeah i am a dumpster diver so what i just made my best <propmale> one also and his gf    anyways if anyone is looking for somthing tell me and i will try to get it for you for a small picking fee   wink 
since i skipped out of track because my knee hurts i think i am going to go to qvc for a job
dude this <propfirst> <propfirst> vs <propmale> capone is bullshit  for the speci<propmale> weapon the og used brass nuckels wtf why not a fucken bat or a sledge hammer i mean cmon     and with that gernade they used tot<propmale>y should have won not a winchester what if the targets were moving    
sensations i gt 10% off because of my b~day woot and the chick was hot there most funny moment she loves her job!
such a good bday  thnx for all the happy bdays
its like as big as this mcdonalds cup!!! - a woman that i herd at mcdicks
huca ftw!
nothing left to do but sleep and get up for the next day!
nat flirts more with her girlfriends than with her boyfriend sry <propfirst>    
you will enjoy doing somthing different this coming weekend    in bed haha!!!
chillin with bc then going home to sleep! dont know if i am going to school tomarrow???
ohhh yeah
just got done watching family guy! http annoyed  chatter com a 9hkbs?ref=nf
graduated!!!
dude i need a job    
trust you once shame on you trust you twice shame on me 
still trying to find that job     http annoyed  chatter com a a0th5?ref=nf
going to <propfemale> out with my boy bulcock and then maby madtown
what would you do with out peer pressure     nothing lol
filling out jb aplications with my boy bulcock
soooo     whats going on fb?
had a nice day at red granit loads of fun with drewski <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propmale>
just another day done
chilling with my best brohas bulcock http annoyed  chatter com a bf5ja?ref=nf
getting high     on life  haha
sleeping at bulcocks crib
kinda sad 
watching weeds then maby bed
needs some time to reprioritize my life
just waiting till 7 for the grad parties!!! http annoyed  chatter com a bz3mb?ref=nf
"i don't want the world to see me \cause i don't think that they'd understand \when everything's made to be broken \i just want you to know who i am\\i love this song almost brings a tear to my eye for some reason "
circle of death = boobies and fun lmfao
booty call anyone lol http annoyed  chatter com a cc698?ref=nf
going to red granit tomorrow i have 3 open spots only $5 to cover gas 
dont want to go camping but i guess i will
getting ready
going to baileys harbor for camping   one thing i have noticed is there are alot more jesus hates sins but loves you signs
"got to love vacation  in a small camper alone 3 hours away from home, sick, yelled at because i dont have a job, and they dont think i am sick    fuck camping!"
good to be home feeling better already!!!
had fun at madtown today with my aunt and her bf 
<propmale> and i are going to my grandmas house to raid the fridge haha http annoyed  chatter com a d4iee?ref=nf
omg the skin on my head is pealing    this sucks
looking for somthing to do tonight
<propfemale> party
fixing bulcocks car!
chillin at the homestead until later prob 
"what do you get when you kiss a girl \you get enough germs to catch pneumonia \after you do, she'll never phone you"
"natalyn <propmale>, <propfirst> bulcock, <propfirst> heding, <propmale> <propmale>, and me took a trip to space lol"
going to fall river for heding memorial  http annoyed  chatter com a e3nx8?ref=nf
going to fall river got room for 2  for the heding memorial
what a nice day http annoyed  chatter com a e69ls?ref=nf
i feel like things are starting to cool down
what to do?
just another day in bd    
omg blt= heartburn      frowny  http annoyed  chatter com a erz04?ref=nf
almost died at red granite while jumping off of snoopy 
bored text it 920   296    6303 it doesnt matter what time or who u are lol just looki    http annoyed  chatter com a f21jo?ref=nf
bored have to go to moms in the afternoon tomarrow
i find it funny that when i am in west bend every <propmale> wants to chill then when i get back nothing     what is this world coming to lol
omfg this isnt cool    if i said that money wasnt the root of all evil and that it was girls how many would agree   
what a night
fuck your couch lol http annoyed  chatter com a fj901?ref=nf
woo woo woo where am i    ohh yeah isomniac
time to get shit done http annoyed  chatter com a fj playful g?ref=nf
text it up 920  296    6303 tell me your name first tho lol http annoyed  chatter com a fllg1?ref=nf
920  296    6303 http annoyed  chatter com a fsgny?ref=nf
hey hows it going there  http annoyed  chatter com a fw84b?ref=nf
aww man what a sad day i think i lost a good friend    
somthing to get my mind at rest and that is a party in west bend = more friends
happyness restored  laugh 
bex hour that time of night when i cant sleep and some one wants to talk lol
so glad i found my old best friend a shout out to my boy cj haha
chilling with my brother in west bend with my bro with downs
back to the big wb
music on main woot woot woot!!!!
chillin then hanging with my boy bcock later
i hate working 9 hours then sleeping 10 haha
hell yeah just got done with work     i end up seeing everybody at walmart haha
school    work    eat    sleep    one thing missing no friends   
this is a great football game!! 20-0 warriors  getting butt kicked!!
"has lost his phone and is irate     but good news is that i have an idea of where its at, just dont feel like knocking on the door to get it or to ask to look for it "
yeah found my phone!!! within 10 <propfemale> of fb lol
damn i am just straight up bored    
just got done chilling with highschool friends now its time to work
damn dog just bit me    
when its friday night and theres nothing going on who you gonna call ghost busters
so sick      its weird my muscles feel weak and i almost dropped a gallon of milk just because i couldn't hold it   
but doesn't it make you feel better   
just another day!
eating with the rentz then who knows 
ithink i should be the first nerd to say it  omg omg the new tron looks so cool!
shake weight is going to kick your butt haha
no rain by blind melon what a great song!!!!
omg black friday     and i work at walmart     and im giving out the tvs      ohhh no 
just got a new phone only  $600
21 15 you got nothing
hate is a strong word one that you can use with walmart
1 more hour yes
"is loving slide by the goo goo dolls, and is loving the old 90s music!"
yeah party tonight
<propfemale> <propfemale> m  hazell     yum
atm watching the game in marquette 17 to 6 gents are down
ok this is ba there is a lunar eclipse today at midnight and i guess we wont see it for 84 years so that will most likely be non of us to see it again  so enjoy it while its here 
chilling with my friends
one more day down
yeah <propmale> another good night in bd chilling with my boy bcock
omg party to hard    break a blood vessel in your eye 
im doing just fine for all those people that herd otherwise  smile 
idgaf it makes you feel better    now say it with me
new mission in life date an amish chick and corrupt her with a cellphone plan 
they all talk shit until confronted  then they clam under your fist  once again u hear thru the door  the words of the wicked swine 
here is a new one for all you noobie dubstep listeners glk look him up just some bad ass dude who loves his dubstep
omg halftime show     is garbage i guess thats what u get when its some highest bidder bs
we win
i went to chitown got a sick ass tattoo had the time of my life there and am thinking about moving now
idk tired want to get back to bd for a bit only because of the people    bd    big dump
doing a project on alzheimer's disease    why am i taking notes on alzheimers again?
how do you restrain yourself from fucking up someone's life when they are standing all along yelling at you and your mother when you know your right and their wrong 
just fixed <propfemale>'s car
hip hop is making dubstep more main stream
and i hate <propmale> mars
