c354ada2cc3b20a0fba1df9f700c0241
i don't like facebook 
is in need of a little motivation and inspiration   
is about to study for a test    for the first time    ever 
so excited for blink tomorrow! who's going?
school is cool   
someone help me! i can't form sentences or make any sense    see i just did it again 
needs to study some contemperary <propmale> history  annoyed 
"what has happened to manners, and consideration for other people? some old guy just answered his phone and put it on speaker, and people are just letting there kids run around and scream at the top of their lungs, innnn the library "
is a mad man on the run 
"just changed the language on facebook to pirate, fucking best decision everrrr "
"needs to see zombieland, and where the wild things are "
decided to be <propfirst> love for halloween!  smile 
also plans to blow up the <propfemale> tomorrow  and some guy is breathing really fucking loud in the lrc 
"is insanely excited, 6 more dayyyyys  smile "
is watching planet earth  amazzzing 
will never understand the pile of bull shit that is <propmale> warhol 
"i'll understand you, it's my only claim to e playful ertise "
is going for the yankees 
is about to fail a test! coooool 
"has such a busy life right now, but loves it "
lame 
can't stop listening to <propfemale> in chains  smile 
"i love it when people reinforce my judgments about them  my first instincts are always right, and its time for me to stop ignoring them and letting people into my life that are just going to fuck with me emotionally  thank you for listening facebook  sincerely, <propfemale> "
needs a color e playful losion glow dome 
"the people behind me are having the best conversation for eavesdropping  i'm learning so much, haha "
going to san <propfirst> in 6 days!!!!
"hey i'd like to daze away to a place like no one has known, in a state of mind i could call mine that only i could own  where i could hum a tune anytime i choose, and then there is no such thing as time  where i can feel no pain just calm and sane, what a place for one to find "
boo  sad 
this is going to be a good game  go chargers!
technology    i don't dig it 
coffee withdrawals  shittay 
phone charger is mia! not good 
super bowl or snow? i can't decide!
who's taking me to see shutter island?
"someone should buy me the where the wild things are dvd, yeah?"
i really want to go see shutter island   
mmmm coffee and world religions 
   can't   focus   
"oh <propfirst> farrell, how i love you "
i want sunshine!
has a job again! wooh   
"someone take me to belize, pleaze?"
i want to watch the lord of the rings so badly right now 
nap time!
"come on baby, light my fire "
that was fun  haha 
hello weekend  smile 
"i think you're constipated, in your fucking soul  god, i love this movie "
"i never lose anything, and then i lose my favorite pair of sunglasses, this is really bothering me  sad "
i always forget how much i love listening to hole 
"totally scored at the swap meet this morning, i love getting obey clothes for cheap!"
"oh my god, silence!"
since when do i stress out so much?
bye bye blonde!
life's so much better when you're asleep  smile  good night!
i always wondered who listed to akon    then i met @masha zhuravleva 
i hate when people share too much personal information during casual conversation 
"maybe if everyone stopped facebooking about earthquakes, they would go away  smile "
"last comic standing is really awkward, and super hilarious "
i have no idea why i just watched '<propfemale> & <propfirst> j: a family business' for 40 minutes    what a waste of my life 
10 minute breaks are like torture  back to work!
"so moopie just ran into my room with a live mouse, isn't she sweet?"
"same shit, different day  i need some changeee "
"some will fall in love with life and drink it from a fountain, that is pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain "
"i'm like a chill catalyst, a catalyst of all things chill and mellow  smile "
whatever you do don't say anything about what just happened 
"everyday feels like sunday, baby "
"pretty sure i just had an epiphany, and it e playful lains everything   "
looking for a car really sucks  who wants to give me one?  smile 
shark week starts tomorrow!
"oh shiiiit, the 400 blows on instant queue!!!! i looove netflix "
"mr  frosty's for breakfast, then hitting up laguna beach! couldn't be more excited for tomorrow!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!!  laugh 
i really don't want to start school tomorrow  annoyed 
"schools not too bad, i get to start cutting hair on wednesday!  laugh "
"i have no idea how i'm going to find a model for state board, i don't know anyone who can sit and not talk for 3 hours "
i love all the fucking crazy people at the dmv  they make the wait so entertaining!
shushi or no shushi?
i want to go on vacation 
i guess i love to challenge myself by always waiting until the very last minute to write long essays  go me 
completely drained 
"at a jazz lounge with masha, what a lovely friday night  smile "
"i don't miss people, i dismiss them  wink "
"dudeee, i would love to go on a vacation right about now "
i seriously hate technology  kind of ironic?
i feel like chopped liver 
moms know everything!
does anyone have any good book recommendations?
finally have some free time to go to la with my favorite lady  smile 
i voted! wooooh!
thank you nyquil!
y
"holy shit, never shopping on black friday ever again "
"i just tried shark for the first time, it was fucking delicious  blue water is my new favorite place to eat!"
already having an off day 
i'll be back when this number game is over   
i miss having time to watch tons of movies  sad 
i feel like such a scrooge  
why do i have to be at work by 630? fml
going to <propfemale> and england! <propfemale> christmas!
i still love to eavesdrop in coffee shops   
i'm happy to be living life with <propmale> again! i missed my car  smile 
one day i wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice 
getting wasteyyy tgif style! i love <propfemale>!
i'm really trying hard to not be one of those pessimistic hating valentines day kind of people  so far its not going well   
california face with a down south rump  wink 
the most entertaining eaves dropping e playful erience of my life  most comedic first date i've ever witnessed first hand 
having such a good time right now!
checking in at chipolte with @<propfemale> <propmale> and 1500 other people 
