31e66bd5fea5661cb8b3d841c34775ec
back from texas!
i'm tired!
is still a wee bit sick   
just got finished dissecting a fetal pig   
working on org  chem  prelab   
lab was ok   but did something wrong that kind of made me mad   
i need to finish cleaning the church   
jehova's witnesses!!!
my eyes   they burn!  surprise 
wow @ pow wow 
coughing up a lung   
"what is love? baby don't hurt me    don't hurt me, no more   "
looking for a job!!!!
"the deeds of this semester have finally come to an  end   now i await for how things turned out    and also, at 2 pm, i help kill the fake christmas tree in the science complex  do not disassemble <propfirst> 5!!!"
"has anyone ever gone to sleep with their socks on, but in the morning they're off and they've dissapeared off the face of the earth?"
"giving blood is fun, but it also makes you supah tired   "
i miss seeing my family and friends    why does life have to make you so busy?
what i did today: 1  sleep in  2  go to drawing ii class  3  meet a famous artist  4  draw a naked lady! 5  go to church  6  to be continued   
the concert was supah fun! i do appreciate me some ludwig 
work at 4 smile 0pm   am i ready? not quite   joyful 
"oh, random thought fact of the day! did you know that snails poop on their own heads? well, they do! but then again, you people that were in zoology would already know this  lol"
what would you do for a klondike bar?
was anyone else kinda disappointed by <propfemale> in wonderland?
koko! why must you insist on peeing in my room?!?! there will forever be the smell of urine soaked into the floor  *barf*
"it's a new <propfemale>, it's a new day, it's a new life, for me  and i'm feeling good "
my newly found addiction: chatroulette!
<propfirst> finally had her puppies!!! 1 girl and 3 boys!
theyr'e eating her   then they're going to eat me    oh my gooooooooooooooooood!!!!!! -troll 2
"loved to see my family! i miss them like peanutbutter misses jelly when they've had a fight and haven't seen or talked to each other in a week, but they secretly want to be united again!"
wait    this isn't chocolate!?!
all of my friends need to get together so we can do a photo shoot   
"pennywise the clown: everything floats down here  that is, if its mass per unit of volume is equal to or lighter than that of water "
it don't mean a thing if it ain't got swing!
facebook: the college kid's worst enemy when trying to write a paper    darn you funness!!!
crunch time is drawing ever so closely   
"the korean church that i work at is having a fundraiser tomorrow; $7 plates of delicious bulgogi, rice, and other side items included  contact me today if you're interested!"
why do i keep getting bruises on my arms?!
"late night, come home  work sucks, i know    say it ain't so, i will not go, turn the lights off, <propfemale> me home"
everybody dance now!!!!
enrolled in summer and fall courses!
"concert at 7 smile 0pm, hope to see everyone there!!"
closing tonight and tomorrow night    and next saturday and sunday  meep 
"life is a mystery\everyone must stand alone\i hear you call my name\and it feels like home"
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! done with finals!!!!!!!!!!! oh wait    gotta finish my <propmale> homework    false alarm!
oh happy day! everything is complete!!!
i  love  glee!!!!
there was a tarantula sitting next to the door of my house!!!!
? ? ??? ???? ?? ??!
i like the sound of rain  joyful    except when i have to use the bathroom! lol
today is a beautiful day! wish i had a football to throw around   
"who wants to live in a yellow submarine? anyone, anyone?"
why do i feel this way on such a beautiful day?
"we gotta hold on to what we've got  it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not  we got each other, and that's alot for love  we'll give it a shot!"
who wants gravy?
"the game plan    1)friday- go to work at 6   2)saturday- go to work at 6   3)sunday- go to church work, go to mom`s house in comanche to visit and fill out schtuff   4) go to   school?!?! what? summer semesters are about to begin!"
blee blee blee bloop!
i'm a blowfish!
"random thought annoyed all right, has anyone seen the infomercial about the weight loss cookie? you know, the one where everyone is like: who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? has anyone every wondered how it worked? i have an inkling   they put worm larvae in it! idk, lol  mayhaps they do   [this has been a random thought brought to you by <propfirst> b ]"
<propmale> spoons!!!
<propfemale>'s going to get married!!!!!!!
meh   
feel asleep with a necklace on   now i got a really itchy neck   yay!
"school is done   for now \next steps: \1  work tonight, 4-9ish  gotta clean those public restrooms!\2  4 nights of closing applebees, in a row! come see me and enjoy some food, fri & sat from 6pm-2am, and sun & mon from 5 smile 0pm-midnight!\3  have a mini vacation   "
has anyone noticed how fast life is traveling? i mean seriously! where have all the cowboys gooonnnee?
"work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work    this word is really weird looking, lol   "
"wowawoowa!!!! whats the countdown for school to begin, again?\oh, thats right   12 days (not including today)   12 days of summer freedom! well, sorta   you still have your job to go to "
"you know what? i wish i did have <propfirst> poppins bag, then i would have such a messy room   "
i did feel the burn with shakeweight!!!!
"all you need is love, all you need is love, all you need is love, love  love is all you need! - the beatles"
"foam dance!!!!! i am so excited!!!!! hopefully it will go, lets say, more smoothly this year  lol    should i bring back the infamous <propfemale> ears, anyone?"
"part 1: open at applebees-completed-\part 2: 2nd shift-begins   now!-"
hurra torpedo! lol
"writing my 12 <propfemale> color wheel analyses    wow, analyses looks really weird! am i spelling it right?"
"you can stand under my umbrella, you can stand under my huge, rainbow, golf-umbrella-ella-ella-a-a-a   and so on and so forth   "
"oh, you mean i'm not dreaming right now? well then    this is awkward "
"is it me, or are people wanting to get hit by cars? seriously!!!!"
i  love  <propfemale> fantasia!!!
i'm tired of being tired!!!
so i take a close look at the corner of my room and there are a whole bunch of ants just crawling all over the wall   *commence kill bill-dramatic-prairiedog-song*
"i like the air pockets in the pizza crust, its all bubbly and junk   "
"goodmorning starshine, the earth says \hello!\"""""
"you know what i would like to do? i would love to sleep in, just till noon    that would be awesome!"
workin it at the mixed media workshop untill 5   but sometimes she lets us out early!
this is the 2nd time i've had super mold ceilings in my dreams   i'm talking small shrubs of mold in neon green   weird   lol
was it me or did this week flash by like <propfemale> <propmale> during half-time at the super bowl?
"a thousand times i've failed, still your mercy remains  and should i stumble again, i'm caught in your grace  everlasting,  your light will shine when all else fades  never ending, your <propfemale> goes beyond all fame "
"choir concert tonight @ 7 surprise 0pm in the <propfirst> university theater  free for <propfirst> students with their student id! $8 00 adult and $5 00 senior citizen military student \hope to see you there!"
¡¡¡¡¡¡¡coffee!!!!!!!
1   2   3   ninja!!!!
"thank you to everyone wishing me a happy birthday!!!\you're giving me warm fuzzies!!  joyful "
today is going to be intense! got work at 5 smile 0  i'll be trying to complete my assignments  wish me god speed    and god energy
listening to celtic women and doing design 1 stuff thats due tomorrow!
i wish that you would step back from the ledge my friend
"wow! just a few more assignments to do and things wont be as stressfull   maybe, lol "
where are we going? are we sober?
"i've had enough with these stupid rechargable batteries!!!they don't hold any charge, whatsoever!!! grrr"
round 2: work vs <propfirst>    fight!!!!!
gotta get that    gotta get that    gotta get that homework done!
"i don't know about tomorrow, i just live from day to day  i don't borrow from it's sunshine, for it's skies may turn to gray "
pa-rum-pum-pum-pum!
"there are alot of people that look like my friends! i have to wait till the last second to make sure its not them before i hug them, lol!"
<propfemale>
message has no content  subject:
fire-breathing unicorn zebra with wings!
"tests are over!!!! however, i have a couple more paintings that are due this friday   i want to celebrate, but i have to work this weekend   "
ive got a mouse in me room!
"grades: drawing i= a, design i= b, color= a, all workshops= s (for satisfying)"
"ahh, my feet!!! you know what sounds really good? an awesome foot massage  because a regular one just wont do!"
i wish everyone a mmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrryyyyyyy christmas!!!!
second shift starting in 3   2   *bing!*
"time to go to work! this time it will be better, i know it!"
"i'm not supposed to be sleepy this early in the semester!!!  troubled \i need an energy drink stat!"
"during the struggle, they will pull us down\but please, please, let's use this <propmale> to turn things around \and tongiht, we can truly say\together we're invincible!"
 troubled  my toes hurt  why did that easel part have to land on my freakin foot?! lol
"fruits and veggies aren't just for eating   friday and next week, i get to draw them!"
"things to do today: go to classes, work on color portraits, work on painting assignments  lets see how this rolls over   "
no ones gonna take me alive! time has come to make things right! you and i must fight for our lives; you and i must fight to survive!
snow days kinda suck! i feel totally useless!
i hate sneezing when im laying down!
"whats a b o l o ?!?!\*guy kicks officer*\i just want to know what a b o l o  is!!!\*cop tazes dude*"
"the only best part about the superbowl: new commercials!\football is fun when you're the one actually playing"
"voice lesson in 20! fun, fun!"
i just turned around and there was a guy on facebook   just made me think of how addicting this site is   
