c9ab5bdb857ed6bf5c0cbc37f32d9f6a
moved into new house  it's rockin' 
"saw transformers 2  same thing as the last one, except different places "
wants   pancakes   
wishing all the other first-time college students good luck  having a blast here 
i'm so falling asleep atm   crying 
"dead by sunrise, <propmale> bennington's side band, has leaked  great album "
"i finally got some writing done  >_> not only that, but i 'liked' it "
"i'm gonna start writing again, but my throat is too busy e playful loding   "
i have bronchitis and acid reflux disease  great fricken combination   sarcasm
i'm done  that;s it  i decided  no more screwing around  i'm writing this damn book before next winter 
how the hell can you people like twilight? i swear to god  > > <propfirst> is the fugliest guy i have ever seen  at least with that atrocious haircut  how can i look up to the hero of a book when he looks like that?
"dammit  i'm unable to write until i get this damn wellness project done  > > until it's done, no writing for me   sad "
goddammit  it happened again  my entire flashdrive might have lost it's information  trying to recover them now  has tons of saved writing and school reports 
"i can recover files, but every fuking recovery program won't let me recover it because i have to \buy\"" the full version  what bullshit """
everything in my flash drive    was recovered   joyful  i'll get back to writing after the holiday  i ended up having to call the big guns to fix it  my dad is an unstoppable machine!
"unfortunately, everyone, there seems to be one more step til everything is recovered  my word documents are severely damaged  i got writing back, but only about half  the other half is questionable still "
"ugh    i'm mentally and physically exhausted  not feeling well for three weeks, what the hell did i do?"
scrubs season premiere  let's see how horrible it is  >_>
lol eagleeeeeee!!! <propfirst> i know you hear me!
premiere of scrubs  i actually approve  not too shabby 
"watching live free or die hard  couple years old, but still kicking ass "
"i just got a flood of emails from different people, more than usual  what the hell?"
listening to demo version of lp's figure09  it is the shiznit 
the water on the side of my messenger bag disappeared  i'm so thirsty too    dammit 
omg! i have brainwave!!!!
lol i don't have a ride til 1 o'clock to get home  i had one class today  lol
"ask me any question you <propfemale>  until the week ends, i will answer whatever you have to ask honestly  this does not exclude sarcastic answers  read carefully "
wrote an allegory  and i'm pretty stoked about it 
"i don't want to do anything for mom, i'm gonna buy some damn krumpets!!! <propfemale> drummond"
"so many people love the show lost, yet i don't have a friend that i can share my enthusiasm of the show with, right when the finale's come up  real disappointing "
"this new house is nice and all, but i miss the small, cozy bedroom i had with the soft carpet    d:"
just finished watching the new season premiere for lost  fricken fantastic 
"did you know   ? the bird, the bird, the bird is word! da-da-da the bird, bird, bird, the bird is the word "
facebook needs to stop changing  it's really not necessary to do so  at all 
playing a link to the past  great game  difficulty still there 
"looking at the snow  not too impressed, but overall, i'm appeased "
"okay, i was wrong about the snow  there's tons  leave me alone "
just spammed quite a few people  i feel kinda good 
all six books are planned  the first will be finished   i'm guessing first half of 2011  gotta hurry before the end of 2012 comes around!
"watching old school dragonball episodes  brings back some memories  one of the best series, period "
"i will never respect myself as a writer until my ability to evoke emotion with words is as powerful as the ability of music is  'til then, i am weak and impotent "
"sega  the choplifter: the mega cartridge  davonte, sekou  which one of you guys want this?"
"once i finally start writing the rough draft of the first book, i will gladly except insults such as \hermit\"" and \""cave-dweller\""  my lack of social interaction will be absolute  lol"""
"right now, i'm writing the history, culture and politics of my book that span over a course of nearly 4 5 thousand years  this includes technology, demographics, religion, etc  it's actually really fun  only i could say that though  rofl"
"if you consider yourself a dedicated writer of anything - poems, books, short stories, etc - throw a comment on this status "
"when you're born, you get a ticket to the freak show  when you're born in <propfemale>, you get front row seats   "
movies in 3d is not cool  sorry to burst your bubble  it is by far the dumbest addition to the theatre e playful erience 
"after reading some of the comments on fan pages and the such, i feel like facebook is becoming just another youtube - complete with comments made by idiots (everyone but me) "
procrastination    why do we do it?
the world seems so beautiful when you're walking around in the spring morning air 
excuse me! i got nothing to say!!!!
"huge question for the agnostic atheism mindset  if god does not exist and christianity is a load of bull, why was the bible written and what was its purpose? how can we e playful lain the documents behind the bible?"
"thinking about swtiching from agnostic to atheism    no reason, really, other than atheism sounds much cooler  agnostic sounds like someone with some kind of lethal   nose infection "
the <propfemale> is so beautiful  wish it was always out like that 
running to seven eleven 
"i think it's funny when a cashier seems to think they're a commentator on the act of exchanging money for goods  this isn't a football game, i just want my brisk "
thinking about a certain someone  you know who you are  =p
happy easter! i'm eating ham tonight  yea-eah-ah!
jury duty   ? ugh     so pissed right now 
i wonder which of my friends are interested enough in my series that they would join a group about it where i can update stuff related to it? thinking this might inspire me to work a little harder     shrug 
"just planned about nine or seven chapters? something like that  but things are turning out quickly  been a while since i've written, so i'm excited to begin again "
knows the name of his last chapter 
"would anyone be interested in a daily blog of what i have for news about my writing? i'd be fun for me, i dunno about anyone else "
"if you've been writing like i have for so long, then you'll know that you're not the author of your own book   "
chocolate is good 
"thank the rain for a nice, chill night for once "
"had a brand new idea for writing, but can't do it because no laptop  otherwise, would have worked wonders "
"struggling with a way to start that first chapter  might just make a short, short prologue and get right into the chapter without any bullshiting "
came across a really irritating problem in writing  technical wise 
allergies kicked in  -_-
i learned a valuable lesson in writing today from myself 
"i got three thousands words typed out  a chapter, for me, should typically have around five thousand plus  finish ch1 tonight? eh   maybe "
finished a chapter    so happy i could die 
long day  slept for two hours  yaaaay   
"deciding to do chapters weekly, not back to back  gives me time to think and plan   joyful "
can't wait to get home and start planning another chapter  that and eat as much as possible 
just destroyed his room   joyful  yay 
found a new writing technique for editing  it's works like a charm 
pissed beyond all recognition 
my head is swimming
just created about seven new characters out of nowhere  so much fun 
reading my old writing to get some ideas on point of view 
"like this status if i've ever made you geniuinly smile or laugh  copy this into your status if you wanna see what feedback you get  this isn't usually my thing, but i hope to get some amusing replies "
"dear facebook, stop focking with your website  it's beginning to act retarded "
"there were five  then there were six  now seven? i don't know if anyone would like that, specially what it would mean "
rockin' to new lp song  awesome track  new favorite 
this hot weather is not desired  >_>
we’re so blinded by the light that we cannot see the darkness which we so harshly condemn   
armed man on ccbc essex campus? after he's arrested i'm gonna slap the shit out of him for wasting my time 
omnium rerum principia parva sunt   
two morons seem to be absent   
\you've fallen asleep in denial\,c9ab5bdb857ed6bf5c0cbc37f32d9f6a,i'm alert now!
rockin' wedding  a rare event occurred where i socialized and danced  what's happening to me!?
back from <propfemale>  realizing again how balls md is 
"thinkin it would be awesome to take a trip to disney world with closest, best friends  it'd be fricken cool "
i think a lightning storm is gonna hit    >_> computer's probably gonna 'splode 
"so, some religious youtuber was debating me, and when i kicked his ass, he neither replied to or approved of my comment on his video    if you're going to be religious, at least have the balls to admit you could be wrong  otherwise i'll treat you like garbage   smile  cheers "
"originally having like, two people over for a cookout, and now i'm pressing my luck a little  >_> still though  fun times ahead   joyful  give me a shoutout!"
"the show flashforward was cancelled  i kinda liked it, too  d="
"there are two kinds of people  the first kind only show skin, and gossip about stupid, pointless shit  the second kind show heart, and think about what's important  rethink your life "
my wii is officially dead   troubled  oh well  time to buy a black one 
coney is playing there?
shit man  coney? i gotta friend ya  it's asaph 
"how ya been, coney?"
"coney, you cged in general, but no infinites?"
"i thought it wasn't legal    if that's the case, they completely twisted what his match was about "
"hey, does anyone know about the wolf, kain? i heard he beat dsf "
hm    bad source 
@cafee lol
i really wish we could see these matches  nintendo needs to man the fock up 
who is ally using against zss? snake? nothing else?
what's the score between <propmale> and ally?
damn 
what characters did ally use?
awesome 
ally's not using snake if m2k goes gay with stage choice 
"damn  hoping ally would win  too bad  do we know what the games were like, which characters were used "
where ya goin' <propfirst>!? huh!? where ya goin'!?
wii getting fixed for free  hallefrickenlujah 
hopefully the nintendo label comes in the mail today 
the worst thing to ever walk the earth would be stupid religious people  debating one of them again  how dumb can you get? goddamn  <-lol blasphemy
"use your real name on facebook, not some gansta ****  how dumb people get  yeah, that's right, i'm calling you out  post here and get at me "
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>!!!!  joyful "
"lmao \you put your nuts in my mouth   \"" -guy from e3"""
"nintendo won't fix wii  apparently, it is beyond repair  lmao     t_t"
"oh, god, oh, god, oh, god, oh, god! i want some f*ing tea!!!!!"
"facebook's new birthday thing is annoying  now you have to click on birthdays to find out  but i'm sorry, i just don't care enough  it should be on the homepage like it used to be   sad "
saw a preview for the new predator  must  see  it 
does anyone have legend of <propfemale> twilight <propfemale>? i'd like to borrow it 
"i will now venture for my black hat, which has been hidden from me "
linkin park released a small sample of their album's newest single   joyful 
"just had several epiphanies in my writing  @_@ it's gonna be a good day, tater "
 surprise  i just got mind****ed 
something interesting has been brought to my attention  i must ponder this further   
<propfirst> rock  many who like naruto like this 
accident right outside the house  a woman was killed  someone who i can only assume to be her boyfriend crawled down to her  rip
"my arms are gone   so are my shoulders  and the legs too  gone   omg   so many weeds   they   must cut, but   too many    the sun burns! *collapses*"
"if you don't have the care to capitalize a title, you're an inept half-wit whose work is described as mediocre at best  slob "
"i hate it when someone disappears off your friends list, and you don't know who it is "
"wow, after that, my head hurts "
thinking about midnight  it's coming together in my mind in a new way  also thinking about some short stories i could write to hold me over til midnight 
lift me up     let me go   
reduced six books to five books  pretty excited  not so complicated now 
superman is dead: many who like avenged sevenfold like this 
been writing plot all day  epiphanies everywhere 
my memory is really bad    really bad 
"random fact about midnight: the series takes place in a fictional country, united provinces (or aya)  it starts during the year 4123 a e  (after exodus)  aya is the largest e playful orter of tea in the world (because i could) "
my 3 year old sansa has bitten the dust 
"home from work  time to create deibellance, which none of you have any idea what that is  if you're good with the creation of words   "
i'm going through one of those moments where an inanimate object doesn't do what i want it to do and i get extremely pissed  like comment if you do too  i want to know if i'm the only angry person 
"i've begun to realize that my existence is mostly used to make people laugh    i don't understand that    ever wanted to get a therapist just to see what they would say about you? i think if i got one, their brain would implode from confusion "
"so geeky  forgive me  btw, it's dark and rainy out  not desired "
these bags are deformed   *looks at other bags* all   these bags are deformed 
doesn't matter if we go to bed at 10pm or if we go to bed at 4am  we're wakin up at 12 
"when i search 'twilight' in google images, i'd prefer to come across pictures of a beautiful sky, not a piece of shit franchise supported by angsty teenage girls who don't know real <propmale> from her own hormones  goddamn "
*falls of bed* *wilhelm scream*
"i never meant to leave this world alone\i never meant to hurt the ones who cared\and all this time i thought we'd just grow old\you know, no one said it's fair\tell my baby girl that \it's alright\""\",c9ab5bdb857ed6bf5c0cbc37f32d9f6a,"walking to ccbc essex  oh joy    ride, anyone? lmao t_t"
"\fifty mile per hour winds and a downpour? hah! nah! younkins ain't gonna be here! hah! nah!\"" lol"""
wretches and kings is awesome 
"it's been a long time, people  i hate to break it to ya, but your opinion is not a fact  i repeat—not a fact  so here's my opinion  you suck  like real bad "
so close   release    of album   troubled 
"i hate it when things suck every ounce of your soul and time away  right now, my demon is video game   troubled "
"waiting for the end to come, wishing i had strength to stand  this is not what i had planned  it's out of my control  flying at the speed of light, thoughts were spinning in my head, so many things were left unsaid  it's hard to let you go    sitting in an empty room, trying to forget the past  this was never meant to last  i wish it wasn't so "
"if you criticize something for being cliche, you're inempt, and i do not respect you  good day "
\this business of burning human beings with napalm, of filling our \c9ab5bdb857ed6bf5c0cbc37f32d9f6a,"lp's a thousand suns was alright  it had some high points, but it mostly just average with a few terrible tracks  it's alright to e playful eriment, but it sounds like they're just kinda doing whatever "
"must i bring a hoodie everywhere? i understand that summer is hot, but that doesn't mean the inside of buildings need a blizzard  now i wanna go back outside "
"i hate how people's eyes wander on your computer screen at school or work  i mean, really? screw off  i don't care if i'm looking at yahoo's main <propfemale>, mind your own damn business "
humanity is full of so much idiocy that i am sometimes ashamed to be human 
"@caitlin\ drummond is the best little sister in the world  smile this is what \happens when you owe someone something "
word of the day: suffuse  i love this word  i just love the way it comes off the tongue 
i don't feel so good  sad face 
i love characters in stories that constantly pick on one person just for the hell of it  i think i should pick someone to constantly pick on  probably zach wheeler  lol
"i don't know about you, but when someone declares a belief that i don't \particularly disagree with, i argue with them anyone and throw whatever \random argument pops in my head, even if poorly constructed  why? i like challenging people "
laying down the foundations for a small card game  i love creating 
"bleach manga has good <propmale>, but it is most possibly the worst story i have ever followed in my life "
"i'm about to delete all the people i don't talk to and or don't like  *friends list plummets to around twenty people* honestly, i shouldn't be scared to go on my fb chat because of stalkers, and i shouldn't have people liking my status that i don't even know  i mean really  who are you?"
i wonder how far a person should go in deleting friends from facebook? not sure myself 
i want a sombrero  and a fake mustache  donations are acceptable 
why is it that i couldn't fall asleep til 5am? ugh  now a sad walk through the rain  oh well 
"why do i still have problems spelling existence? such an easy word, yet i hestitate typing it all the time "
"i hate people who complain about everyone else except themselves, as if they're hot shit  get over yourself, you pompous windbag "
oh god    i feel just like i did that one time i had too much taco <propfemale>  ow  t_t
just because i'm not older than thirty doesn't mean that i'm an idiot  no damn respect 
f*** sports   smile 
"i can't stand it when someone doesn't give something a <propmale>  may it be a song, person, movie or book; the person just calls it trash after the first second  you'll never know anything great that way "
book iii is a third of the way planned   joyful  book iv should be just as easy  then that's it for plans 
"you know, i think i could something absolutely terrible for an eggroll at the moment "
anyone have any spare computer speakers? mine are just awful 
i just had a philosophical revelation  as well as a midnight revelation   joyful 
amazing progress  really weaving together 
<propmale> character name  you choose  derk  or   dirk  lol it doesn't really matter which  just curious  this character won't be seen till book iii or so 
"i'm trying to find the viewpoints of deism, and whenever i look it up, the search engine will always think i mean \atheism \"" is deism really that dead or something?"""
aragorn in lotr is 87 years old  i keep forgetting that  crazy 
"this is yet another shot at creating a map i actually like  except this time i'm not drawing it  gimp, let's do this "
"sometimes facebook makes changes, and they're so discreet, i can't tell exactly what changed  >_> sneaky "
"*sigh* i guess i'm creating a fictional language too  >_> i didn't want to, but it seems to be required "
i've had several revelations  it's going well 
"there's a difference between understanding words and understanding meaning  some things cannot be taught, only realized "
"yes! i woke up late, but my first class happens to be cancelled  mmmmmmm! *does the dance of dances*"
kant's refutal of the ontological argument is soooo confusing   troubled 
what is this q&a i hear of?
"i see this new group feature, and i wanna use it for something  yet i'm not sure what   "
i appears i am being missed 
that paper was a pain in my ass  epistemology is really boring 
"you know, religion and science has tried to e playful lain as much as it can about the universe  am i one of the only people that likes how mysterious the universe is?"
"what\ constitutes who a person is? is it their memories for example? would \you say i was the same person if i forget nearly everything about my \life, and started again? would you say that the true holden you knew was\ dead? is this the essence of a person, do you think? memories? \interested in thoughts "
"\no-no-no-no    that's not meant for me   \"" -says a sleeping person"""
"i want a new nickname  a ridiculous one  something silly, silly for the sake of silliness  or   sillyness? those words are silly  in any case, my new nickname will be mr  buttersnaps  thank you very much "
wtf am have i gone french?
last day of finals 
"i've decided that if i ever go trick or treating on halloween again, the costume will be mexican themed  i should work on an accent in advance "
tonight's the lunar eclipse @ 2:40 in the morning  lasts about an hour  cheers
"someone tried to hack my gmail and then send a trojan horse to a friend and then a high school teacher mr  dresner  if i knew who attempted this, i would destroy them "
anyone got a soldering iron and desoldering braid?
the old asaph controller has been revived  ; ) i fixed it 
i think i've officially lost it  *bounces around in madness*
<propfemale> christmas!
got a phone! lmao <propfemale> christmas 
i know why a massive snowstorm is coming  and it's not just because it's winter  haha this status is meant for one and only one person  haha
got a cell phone  give me them cell <propfirst> 
i
today's gonna be awesome 
moment of truth  putting the wii back together  cross your fingers  no trolling now 
yeah    feeling depressed now 
"alright, here's the deal    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   or don't  i don't really care   smile  haha"
"of all the books, movies and games you've ever watched, read or played, which story had your favorite ending, and what kind of ending was it? please do tell "
<propfemale>! <propfemale>! no! no! <propfemale>!
i enjoyed the narnia movies  just watched 'em 
inception was damn good 
"it must be because i'm a writer, but thesaurus com is like my favorite place on the internet "
people keep saying the ending of the mist was sad  it was not sad  it was stupid  the rest of the movie was okay though 
anyone watch tangled? i liked it 
"\introducing naudara\"""""
just watched the green mile    the movie really tears you up 
"is it me, or are newer games clunkier and slower? at least in nintendo's realm of gameplay  new games aren't as good as the old ones  like melee or ocarina "
"lmao \you'll peanutbutter salad forever \"""""
"thanks for all the happy bdays, guys "
"oh god  there are people on the internet, and they're wrong! *goes to correct them*"
meat   or potatoes?
wind waker  > smile 
"the longer i live, the more i realize that there's really no point in debating anything, or trying to be logical  everyone has their own little world, and it doesn't matter how right you are  they're in denial  or worse, you might be one of them "
"way to go, egyyyyypt—i mean justiiiiiiiin!"
"i dug my way to find the source of the noise, and combat my enemy, but found cows and pigs instead on the surface  then i looked around, and   *sees it's getting dark, can't find way back to the hole he dug* fuuuuuuuuuuuu—*barricades self in large block of stone*"
ugh  i really am tired of this bs  oh well 
"\the night life is for you \"" -fortune cookie\",c9ab5bdb857ed6bf5c0cbc37f32d9f6a,"if you remove the cactus, chickens will accumulate    smile "
i'm tired of this place  *crafts tnt* moving on 
the new 1 3 beta update has just made mc crash all the time  >_> it's unplayable now 
formspring might be fun   
mining obsidian is a pain in the ass  but i've got over fifty blocks now  so yay me 
davonte jeffers does afraid of spiders    i wanna watch him play minecraft 
difference between geek and nerd? go 
i have to remember to go back next time  t_t
just a day or two   
i'm that guy always throwing my music on repeat  then listens for days to the same song 
new comp  ah    i cannot wait to put it together 
new computer looks like it's gonna work  can't wait!
"oh, japan  all you have to do is endure the losses  it'll get easier "
almost deleted mc somehow   troubled  so close 
how do you define maturity?
"ever subscribe to some guy and youtube, think he she is cool, and then after a while, realize they're the most annoying person on earth? *unsubscribe*"
i gotz teh diamonds 
you know you're in love when it hurts like a bitch half the time 
omg what have i done?  troubled  never again 
1 4      surprise 
i don't want to be a writer anymore    i want to be one hell of a writer 
lovely weather   laugh 
