dbce44fb6f4c1fdda6dcd7403e3cfa7f
"feels overwhelmed with all this unstructured, free time  i've been wandering around my apartment for an hour! maybe i'll go wander around the mall   "
note to self:  do not eat a mcdouble cheeseburger while grocery shopping at the bentonville wal-mart because former students will be there and think it's hilarious that i'm eating while shopping for food   *sigh*
"is wondering why i am still awake   i want to go to sleep, but it just isn't happening  bleah   "
has cabin fever  sad 
"huge catholic wedding $25,000; two-year drawn out separation divorce $8,750; having drinks with my ex husband to celebrate   priceless"
"hopes today is foreshadowing of what's to come: lakeside with great friends, cold beer, and a lot of laughing   seriously, what more could i ask for???"
thinks starting over has energy   
goodnight <propfemale> 
why am i so accident prone???
is going to read a book and take a nap in my parents' backyard   i love the comfort being home brings 
laying in bed and eating sushi    this update is dedicated to <propfirst> brandt!!!
"welcome to fitness week 2009! i feel yogamazing   now for a swim, then a run this afternoon "
i'm going for a speed run in the heat  watch out for me passed out in a ditch!
"\you can tell if a girl can dance by how she drinks a soda \"""""
i was right  i knew it!  smile 
"just cranked up the air and is singing very loudly to christmas music while cleaning  \i love those j-i-n-g-l-e bells  oh\"""""
why do birds think my hair is food? it brings back memories of <propmale> high when i was attacked by hummingbirds while waiting for the bus! seriously   
canoeing  nuff said 
has a full tummy   mmmmm 
has a twitter!
is headed to eureka springs with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  i plan to eat my way through the city 
i love <propmale> 
i like it when my day ends better than it began 
my ipod is officially full 
is enjoying fancy lemonade while reading on the balcony   life is good 
is redoing all my graduate paperwork since it was lost in my degree transfer   it wasn't fun the first time!
can't sleep    and is craving some potato salad and barbecue!
sweat is my sanity 
fun is my middle name today  watch out!
nevermind  fun will be my middle name tomorrow  it has been delayed due to the rain   lazy or food is my middle name today  maybe both   
"is adopting sartre's philosophy, \people are hell \"""""
"i love crab legs, i love crab legs, i love crab legs  hey  hey  hey  hey "
"is on staycation   i have french onion dip, chips, and beer on the dock in the sun   perfection "
"so, it turns out that the dangerous snakes are sometimes smaller than you would think   i need a book with this kind of information "
my friend just escaped from a hospital   some days you just gotta laugh 
"if i had a time machine, i would go back in time and <propfemale> as <propfirst> in the show freaks in geeks   this role was made for me "
is gonna get a second dose of the hangover 
"\next week's no good for me  the <propmale> brothers are in town \"""""
wants to be at the all-star game 
"dear dairy queen:  it's been an amazing week   i have loved our evenings together and the many moments of bliss we've shared   i've savored every burger and blizzard, but just as all good things must come to an end it is time for our moment in the sun to "
over the state line and through the traffic to grandmother's house i go   
went to school today  in july! just doesn't seem right   
i am realizing more and more everyday that i have no clue about life   i think i'm going to stop taking it so seriously and laugh at all the other people that are just as clueless as me 
"where is the sound of the waves to put me to sleep tonight? right, i'm not on the beach anymore   "
"cleaning from the inside out   who knew how much my possessions made me cling to the past  it's a difficult day, but i hope it makes moving forward easier  if not, then i am torturing myself "
"i found my gold glitter jeans in the back of my closet! i wonder if i could wear them on casual friday? hmm, i see an episode of the office replaying in my head   "
is in denial about being sick 
a three hour nap followed by twelve hours of sleep  grogginess clouds my mind  maybe a starbucks green tea soy latte will bring clarity 
"1 am  it's a requirement if i'm still awake  taco <propfemale>  i'll hate myself when i wake up, but right now it's the best idea i've had all day "
"caramel kiss body lotion is awesome  it smells divine; however, i don't recommend eating it   "
drinking wine  cleaning  singing to <propfemale> hilson  sorry neighbors 
on my way to do a practice run for my marathon   i can do this  i can do this 
naturals game  yesss!
"is baking a chocolate cake from scratch for my mom who is visiting today! well, and also because i love to eat  but, mostly for my mom!"
marathon workout 1 of 78 complete   i've got a long way to go 
why did i choose teaching as my profession when i know i'm not a morning person???
since i already have a bruise the size of a basketball on my leg i think i might ride my bike   
i want to be a bounty <propmale> 
"as it turns out, there are still things in the world that can embarrass me  ugh "
i love the people i work with 
i am very pleased with the first day of school  i'm ready with the exception of the innards of my cabinets all over my room!
"is going to bed  in my defense, i've been up since five and worked out twice   the only thing that makes me want to stay awake is a mcdouble from mcdonalds "
"i just got home from school, but everything in my room now has a home "
just got a fat coke  things should start getting better now 
"i'm choosing to optimistic, but i'm pretty pleased with open house  i will definitely get to use my conflict management skills this year! i was getting a little <propmale>   "
tomorrow is a day of new beginnings- literally and figuratively  i can't wait! i'm due a good year!!!
it's just another manic monday 
i made my first student cry today  i got the award for my team this year  i hope i got it for the whole 6th grade   that would be quite an honor!  and it would promote my mantra for the year 
i definitely had a double cheeseburger day 
worked out for 3 hours today  take that lasagna!!! you will not go to my thighs today!
i am hanging out with my dad  we are laptop buddies 
perfect weather for a 15 mile run   i just hope i don't throw up the donuts i just ate  that would be a waste   
run  check  ice bath  check  vomiting  check   i knew not to mess with what works   sonic <propfemale> limeade and mozzerella sticks are the best post run snack  i will not make this mistake again 
i am missing having a backyard right now 
history fact for the day:  wwii began 70 years ago today 
"muddy from hiking, but i'm still alive   "
was a boat driving machine today!
i just taught myself how to convert youtube videos to embed in powerpoint offline   muah hah ha ha
is feeling empowered right now   don't mess with me  i will cut you!
"chocolate covered strawberries, malibu pineapple, tuscan lemonade, and cards with <propfirst> and <propfirst>   what a neat idea "
i don't have the swine flu; i have razorback fever!!!
is going to dream about junk food tonight   
16 <propmale>  monster marathon month begins today  ugh  can't i sleep in?
loves tailgating razorback games!
is eating spinach meatballs in bed while listening to the rain  grading papers can wait another day 
the weather    ba da ba ba bah i'm lovin it 
i'm having difficulties with self control  i'm in bed with a four pound bag of halloween <propfemale> binging like i'm bulimic  i know i'm not going to throw it up  too bad   
"i am drinking my dinner  in the form of a chocolate milkshake  totally worth skipping out on the nutritional crap for empty, glorious calories  sluuuurp!  laugh "
excellent 5k this morning  lots of hills and laughing   good day 
four more days until pumpkin pie concretes at <propmale>'s frozen custard!!! is it bad i know that?
i hope i have my motivation to run back!  7 x 1 mile repeats and feeling good  i hope it stays this way! it must've been the big fat bowl of turkey noodle soup my mother gave me 
feels crummy 
"peppermint <propfemale> tea, my pjs, and glee  cozy   "
ran 15 <propmale>  what's sad is my nose ran more than i did   at least i'm working on my <propmale> costume for halloween 
"bio-freeze on my shoulders and knees, vapor rub on my chest, and ointment on my nose and chaffed skin   i think i'm ready for bed "
break me off a piece of that   fan-cy feast 
has just begun two very interesting e playful eriments  let the game of manipulation begin!
i lost my spot on the treadmill at the gym to a <propmale>   that's what i get for taking a potty break 
got to e playful erience what a damsel in distress is like tonight  i like that role more than i thought i would 
i think i am officially a razorback fan   anyone who wakes up at 5 smile 0 am for their team must be  c'mon hogs!
"is having a pity party  i ran 10 <propmale> when i was supposed to go 20, and i didn't get any help when i called for a pep talk  i guess i'll just lie in bed and verbally assault myself for a little while "
girls night out!
i just cut my bangs with finger nail clippers  who says i'm not ingenuous?
sleep  not 
has spikey hair   all i need is my own gun and i'm officially a badass 
is giddy 
wants to know what kind of <propfirst> mouse operation are they running?!
"i think i'm going to write a book about my life, but i'm still unsure what to call it "
"bah, bad run!"
is ready for a better day 
"i'm going to run my way to springfield   the plan: 7 <propmale> in <propfemale> vista, 6 <propmale> in joplin, and 7 <propmale> in springfield   the idea is to trick myself into the 20 <propmale>   it might just work   "
"wants to carve pumpkins! but, i feel lame if i do it alone   stupid "
my students made a s s  facebook group so we can talk about current events and get homework when they miss school   love them!
i have been so tired all day and now i am wide awake 
in the ghetto   
bring on the rain 
halloween is just one more reminder of how far away i am from having kids to decorate the house for or go trick or treating with   a lovely beginning to a very lonely holiday season  bah humbug 
"judge me all you want, but i'm putting up my christmas tree today "
can't stop watching greek 
countdown until family fun begins!
turns out family and friends can fill the hole in my heart left by the past 
"love actually, wine, and my christmas tree   read 'em and weep "
has a busy weekend planned   this never happens!
a closet full of clothes and nothing to wear   sigh 
one more day  one more day   one  more  day 
"the girls on the run race was a blast!  now, it's time for my celebratory nap for the race and the beginning of thanksgiving break "
"is airing up my bike tires, then going for a ride - or fall "
is about to be a cooking fool 
"\girl you know it's true  ew ew eeww  i love you!\""  gotta just laugh at the things in my brain """
i just saw a falling star-first time ever   hope has been restored for the impossible 
why do stalkers have to be creepy?  why can't they be cute and cuddly like a pet?  yuck 
tv shows on dvd is either the best or worst idea ever   i can't stop watching true blood!
is in the mood to go out be wild   if only i was still in college and could get away with it 
is eating french onion dip and chips for dinner   come to momma 
best bunco ever 
is more giddy than any girl has the right to be 
is volunteering at aunt <propfemale>'s school today   i've been practicing my jump and squirrel 
almost killed my sister's dog  almost   
it's the most wonderful time of the year    to go running in the slushy rain 
has an ear to ear smile   laugh 
"cleaning out my bathroom, mind, body, and spirit "
nap time   i love breaks 
received my 2010 planner today   it ranks up there with school supplies and new books   exciting!
the theme last year was the year of ginney; this year it's balls deep 
is participating in a community dog catching in joplin  who says good citizenship is dead?
has decided to take 2010 by the balls   the theme this year: gumption 
"of course arkansas has to be the most complicated state to change my name   every other state lets me fill out a piece of paper   guess i'm going to court, folks "
thinks my food philosophy applies to life  i always overfill my plate and eat it all   feels like what this semester will be like 
it is a hashbrown day   <propfemale> will know what i mean 
"\just call me mr  flinstone  i can make your bed rock!\""   gotta love top 40 music """
i am such a good student! if i had me in class i would love me!  new binders with tabs: all labeled and filled with powerpoints  i already read chapter one and took notes  all i need is a bow to put on my head to prove i am offically teacher's pet   if only i were like this in high school 
had a 'put my underwear on inside out' day 
is finding it hard to get excited   when did i become so jaded?
"oh, what a tangled web we weave   what really sucks is i don't know how to weave, so it's an even bigger mess "
"\let's go get the shit kicked out of us by love \""  -love actually (amazing movie)"""
"sixty percent of the time, it works every time "
off to anal  making    why would my analytical decision making professor word that in an email to me   doesn't he know i have the matureness of an eleven year old boy? i am very excited to see what i learn today!
if you and i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    
seriously??? just called it a snow day already!
finally taking down my christmas tree  judge me all you want 
it's harder to find a <propfirst> <propmale> costume than i thought   bring out the red duct tape 
being snowed in alone is the worst!  you think a cab would take me to boomer's???
who knew? a bottle of wine makes everything more interesting 
i love it when my friends with families adopt me   going sledding!!!
lights on  can't sleep   obvious reason: there is a demon in my apartment   and don't tell me i'm irrational  i saw the movie paranormal activity tonight 
i wish they'd postpone school already so i can procrastinate on my research paper a little longer 
my procrastination paid off   no school!
if i would've been a teenager in the 80s i would've been so hot 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under the comments!!!!"
met <propfirst> for <propmale> time   i feel better!  smile 
i'm going to eat my weight in tacos 
that's a bingo! bingo night 
just had a crummy workout   i need a physically challenging goal to motivate me!!!
"leopard print blouse, skinny jeans, and four inch bronze heels    bring it on fashion show "
finished my paper in record time  i still am convinced i do my best work under pressure   just in time to go watch the saints win the super bowl!
"happy birthday to my dad!  i attribute my work ethic, sense of humor, and fear of costumed people to you   love you "
"i guess i'm a simple pleasures kinda girl, but there is nothing better than clean sheets and freshly shaven legs "
wishes there were a night school for middle school  i am so much more productive from 4-midnight 
i hope no one can see in my apartment right now   
its valentines week on facebook  change your profile pic to a pic of you and your significant other and tell us how long you have been together 
drinking beer + working out = thursday night   hope i don't puke 
"polar bear plunge tomorrow!  go support the special olympics  at beaver lake (at noon) and look for the hot girl dressed up like <propfirst> <propmale> dancing to \thriller \"" fab-u-lous!!!"""
is exhausted!
made the front <propfemale> of the newspaper 
nostalgia is a funny thing 
is word vomit 
i love how the universe opens up for me when i open myself up to it 
"is taking advantage of the weather and going on a night run!  and, yes, mother, i have my cell phone with me "
has a new favorite thing:  dr  pepper freezer pops   i think they had me in mind when they created them 
"leave me one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot   anything you remember  don't send a message, just leave a comment below this post  next, repost this in your status, and see how many people leave you a memory "
father daughter time 
sick   on the up side i love night time medicine and my sinus rinse 
it doesn't feel like a sick day because i've spent the whole day grading papers   blah!
if the universe opened any wider it would swallow me up 
new shoes    laugh 
"have a nice trip, see you next fall   *sigh*"
"2 cities, 5 <propmale>, 40 minutes, and spit came back and hit me in the face only once  success "
every day is a new day   thank goodness 
doorman  doorman  doorman! doorman! doorman!
is getting a degree in kickin' ass and takin' names 
wants to be a superhero 
can't wait to see <propfemale> in wonderland!!!
one puzzle piece at a time   i guess i should learn to love puzzles 
is ready to take on the world  i just ran hills!
zen moment 
likes immediate results 
"\you crack me up like a knuckle sandwich \"" best compliment i've ever been given """
how can something that once made you so happy now make you want to vomit everywhere?
at least i come by it honestly 
is making a comeback  can you handle it?!
"i like my fortune from mama fu's: \you do not have to know where you are going to be headed in the right direction \"""""
ima b  ima b  ima ima ima b in kc for the black eyed peas!
shooting at the walls of heartache  bang  bang  i am the warrior!
spring break is on!  first on the to do list is go to the lake with two of my favorite people and maybe see a dead person  i'm keeping my fingers crossed 
"is being a homebody and loving it after a wild, fun, bare butt slapping weekend with the best family and friends a girl could ask for!"
any ladle is sweet that dishes out some gravy 
road trip # 2 in progress  hopefully i'll actually reach the destination this time! don't miss me too much arkansas 
driving on country roads with my windows down and music cranked up might the best thing in the world 
i am in love with my new macbook  best decision of my life  i might marry it 
"woke up at 7 smile 5 and i have to be at work at 7:45   welcome back to school, ginney  ugh!"
had a double cheeseburger day 
"warm weather, mexican food, and baseball game    fantastic night "
"texas legislation just passed to rewrite the history books   there will be no mention of <propfirst> <propmale>, the 5 freedoms granted in the constitution, and many other staples of history "
is sitting on the couch eating cadbury eggs with my mom   good friday 
"figured out the name for my book   \a runner's guide to life \"" or \""life's guide to running \"""""
"bought a rabbit  happy easter! and, think about it "
is a cockeyed optimist 
forgot how much i enjoy cooking 
insomniacs unite!
is going for a long run 
had to add things to my bucket list just to cross them off this weekend   i love it when spontaneous things happen to me 
"well, that's just kick you in the crotch spit on your neck fantastic "
not up in here! not up in here!!!
day is ending on a good note   i like that 
so excited about my new midi keyboard that i could pee my pants 
"\when i pulled my hamstring i went a saw a misogynist \"" -glee  love it """
little rock is about to move up on the awesome scale   lord t & <propfemale> here we come!
danced on the stage at the concert last night   in my mind's eye i was <propfemale> spears   in a good way 
aka sandwich fanatic 
brain  not  working  any  more    sad 
"one reflection done  two take home finals, one significant activity, and one emotional breakdown to go  pass the reposado please "
one final left  boom 
has the best family in the whole entire world  no one can even compare 
i'd like to live my life through music lyrics 
is typing through the tears  why did i procrastinate my 32 <propfemale> take home final?  10 questions to go 
i'm done!!! elation ensues   
i have decided my classroom is more like a jail cell than a work place 
has lost faith  maybe i should listen to more <propfirst> <propfirst> 
things are about to get a little wild in northwest arkansas 
why do people always assume i'm dead or in jail if i don't answer my phone?
i'm building a new identity- searching for sweaters with animals on them  i'd prefer them to be 3d like a lion with yarn for the mane coming off the sweater 
tomorrow is my friday   read it and weep 
was told by a student today that i was the crunch to her raisin bran   you can't compliments like that just anywhere 
"my phone is broken   if you've texted me after 9 am this morning then i haven't gotten it   mom, i am home   <propfemale>, come over so we can go to <propfirst>'s together!  <propfirst>, i am coming to the party so don't worry!  i  am not going to freak out about this   i am not "
going to look at open houses   i think i might buy a house 
my phone is working again! glorious 
put that in your juice box and suck it 
"is going on a movie date!  he's always excited to see me, he holds my hand in the scary parts, and he even shares his popcorn   he may only be seven, but he's a better date than most guys i go out with "
my brother got a job in kc! i am so proud and so happy   congratulations <propfirst>! you truly deserve this 
don't take life to seriously  no one gets out alive anyway 
finally made a connection with my homeroom kids today   it was a very special day 
yearbook signing day makes me feel like i'm a celebrity   <propfirst> bieber and ke$ha ain't got nothin on me 
just spent the past hour sitting on the deck of a house that doesn't belong to me pretending it's mine  it is for sale though 
i think i might be the real live version of <propfemale> lemon    sitting at home watching tv with the big goal of trying to eat an entire carton of french onion dip and bag of potato chips 
i get to wear gym clothes to school all week   an excellent bonus to yelling in the faces of 12 year olds after beating them in the mile run in p e  it's gonna be a good week 
has a sonic drink and is on my way to watch some students' baseball game   great day for baseball!
guess i can't quote hangover at school anymore without anyone getting it   why are so many parents letting their 12 year olds watch the movie? you are ruining my fun at school!
"so, my worst fear was realized today  looking like an idiot in front of my colleagues, principals in my district, and my superintendent   at least i got it out of the way early "
"indigo girls are beast   there's nothing like dancing with a bunch of women on the lawn   i am empowered, bitches!"
"headed to the pool   i may have 2 weeks left of school, but i am starting my summer vacation "
took a nap at the pool and a nap in a hammock   where else   
had a binge eating weekend and it was glorious 
today is my favorite day of the year   school is out and i get to look forward to an amazing summer!
looking at houses  take two 
on my way to kc to visit <propfirst> and <propfirst> 
washington d c  + 11 kids + me  i know i shouldn't be as excited as i really am but i am so pumped!
"today's events included: 2 hour flight delay, a home alone sprint to catch a connecting flight in chicago with 10 preteens, the smithsonian national air and space museum, national archives, white house, world war ii memorial, and washington monument   oh, and in between my phone broke so don't call me   but, all in all, i'm in heaven "
"day 2: tour of the capitol, lunch at union station, fords theatre and museum, souvenir shopping, museum of american history, dinner at phillips seafood on the potomac river, museum of natural history, fdr memorial, <propmale> memorial, and a short swim at the pool  we laughed until our sides hurt or were learning throughout all of it- perfect balance "
"day 3: arlington national cemetery, iwo jima memorial, lunch at mcdonalds, <propfirst> einstein's statue, embassy row, holocaust museum, dinner at <propmale>'s pizza (voted #1 pizza in d c ), korean war memorial, <propmale> memorial, and vietname war memorial "
"day 4: mt  <propfirst>, <propfemale>, smithsonian natural history museum again, smithsonian castle, a couple rounds on a carousel, subway ride, a 2 hour wait for a flight that was canceled, a 2 minute crying session privately in the bathroom, another 2 hour wait for new tickets and a hotel room, a shuttle back to the hotel, and an hour supervising kids swim  at least i get to get up at 4 am for a flight home  *sigh*"
made it home yesterday from d c  and slept from 4 pm yesterday until 8 am today with a brief moment of consciousness to activate my <propmale> <propmale> phone and let my mom know i got home   today i leave for memphis! i hope my grad professor understands when i don't turn my paper in on time this week 
is in memphis! boom 
i am trying to think of a road trip for 4th of july weekend   i wanted to go to mt  rushmore but they aren't doing a fireworks display this year   any ideas?
just went to <propmale>'s with my family in the 79 buick lesabre convertable 
can't wait to sleep in my own bed tonight!!!! ahhh   
"dear summer break:  i was really looking forward to seeing you this year, but i'm afraid it just isn't going to work out   things just keep getting in the way and every day i miss you more and more   please tell me it isn't too late, and that i will still get to see you before the smell of freshly sharpened pencils haunt the air and i am once again imprisoned in my cubicle of body odor and pee-drenched shoelaces "
in 24 hours i will be the happiest person in the world 
i  am  officially  on   summer  break   boom!
sitting on the lake with friends is the best thing in the world 
"got lost and found myself on the masochistic nostalgia highway, but quickly exited once i realized where i was   close one "
is going on a lake adventure 
since when did home buying become so emotional?
i'm hoping for a huge thunderstorm!  i've got a ton of old movies and endless french onion dip and chips  bring it!
wish i could sleep   instead i'm interior decorating my house in my mind 
"it's official  i'm buying a house  and a dog  i don't think it's so weird that i put the dog in the contract  when it's right, it's right "
the cat just drank the milk out of my cereal bowl   cat -1 me- 0
the dogs just pooped on the deck because it's raining   dogs - 1  cats- 1 me- 0 
sitting at the low water bridge on the elk river and watching the people go by might be my new favorite pastime 
went to the butcher shop and got me a pound of baked potato salad   glorious 
is 6:45 pm too early to go to bed? it doesn't really matter  i'm going to anyway 
just googled how to pee standing up  i really think this is something i could get on board with 
woke up with every animal in the house in bed with me   i have no choice but to be in a good mood   and i was really looking forward to being cynical today   maybe tomorrow 
back to reality   
"blts, fried zucchini and beer with my mom    good day   smile "
wants to find my unicorn 
mexican villa i have missed you   yum!
going canoeing with my dad tomorrow    smile 
road trip to wisconsin   
payton shared his fries today!  i'm in   
so much time and so little to do  wait  scratch that  reverse it 
saw <propfemale> galore with payton today   i think that's the most he's every talked to me in all the time we've spent together   combined    smile 
moving day!
has a big smile on my face 
survived my first overnight hospital stay   i would like to thank the amazing drugs offered by the hospital making my stay a more enjoyable one   i'm in room 507 at mercy   come visit me 
"day 3 in the hospital   i have cabin fever, but at least i get a sponge bath today "
i am now changing my own dressing   there is something unnatural about shoving gauze soaked in a bleach peroxide blend into a gaping hole in my leg that is unnatural 
why am i still in the hospital?! i am going to hurt someone!!!
is finally feeling the benefits of time off work   sitting on the deck reading beats sitting in a hospital room any day   even if i have to be a masochist   worth it!
today is going to end better than e playful ected   i love it when that happens 
wants to punch her nurse in the ovaries for ripping open my wound   thanks   i'm glad you knew what you were doing   let's try and put me back in the hospital shall we?  let the emotional breakdown ensue   
"i have entered 4 grades, conducted 3 interviews, written 2 papers, made 1 presentation with a partridge in a pear tree   all within 2 days  <propfemale>   well don't mind if i do "
enjoying the day   it's that simple!
listening to christmas music and folding laundry  whatever works   
my hair fits in a ponytail!  epic 
does anyone have a pencil i can use to stab myself in my eye 
is going to attempt to be domesticated tonight and sew halloween costumes 
running hills tonight   i might cry   nobody look 
"got a good run in   could've used a little rain, but i will take it!"
"i am healed!!! no more packing, pressing, or padding   who knew how glorious normalcy could be?"
put out the christmas dishes tonight   i am squealing with joy!
i have a paper due tomorrow and i left my stuff at school   at least i get to go to bed early 
"and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day   i think i'll move to australia "
nine days   
"there's nothing like a long, luxurious run on a brisk fall morning   the hills of lake atlanta will not win today, my friend   not today "
"would anyone like a filing cabinet, computer desk, or e machine desktop computer with a flat screen monitor???  i want it out of my house asap   if you will come get it i will also give you a free beer, shot of patron, or jaegermeister "
"i just won at life!!! the game, obviously   not the real one "
"\i love smiling   smiling's my favorite \"""""
"used a picture of a cartoon character as inspiration to get my hair cut today   unconventional, yet brilliant "
my house is covered in ice   i feel like i live in an igloo and i like it!
is impatiently waiting to be missouri bound to visit family and the christmas lights at steal your dollar city   *sigh*
is putting up christmas lights!
is sitting in class facebooking   i'm worse than my students 
"<propfemale>, red bull, gin, and whiskey "
i love those j-i-n-g-l-e bells   oh!
why am i a teacher when my most productive hours are between 9 pm and 2 am???
"is analyzing data   did you know that the acsip plan to improve the maximum gains, based on the ayp of the si status is directly correlated to the frl? no?  lucky you "
my mind is numb 
i have found a place to permanently perch myself and watch television   this is why i can't have it at my house   i will never move now 
i'm watching love actually for the bazillionth time and very thankful that my empathy has transferred from the more pathetic character to one that finds happiness  warm fuzzy feelings are nice 
i think i am a 65 year historian man with coke bottle glasses and a monotone voice trapped in a 28 year old female body 
i am officially addicted to podcasts 
the bad news is i no longer have my employee discount for my phone  6 years past working for best buy is a good run  the good news is i have an iphone!
"best day of school this school year   i'm not sure why the universe makes me wait for things, but i will take what i can get "
touchdown arkansas!  oooooooooo!
boom! snow day 
the best part about the snow day today   no crosswalk duty!
is watching <propfemale> from the facts of life on what not to wear   what she is going through is resonating with me   therapy on tlc 
i'm the kid who tattles on myself 
you would think since i've been in my house for almost six months now i'd be unpacked   you would also be wrong 
snow days are the best   biscuits and gravy for breakfast and then a nap by the fireplace 
i just found out to continue getting my financial aid i have to be enrolled in two classes   who wants a life anyway?
i am in search of a hobby   any ideas?
someone bought me a pair of ugg <propfemale> slippers and just made me the giddiest girl west of the prime meridian 
still not home yet   argh 
going for a run in the blizzard!
"the dogs and i ran in a fabulous winter wonderland! note to self:  i need better gloves and a hat that also covers my face to run with winds like this   however, my new under armour cold weather running pants kept me nice and cozy!"
"so, i have this friend who met her boyfriend's friends last night   she was a little nervous so she socially lubricated the situation with jaeger   she mixed up some of the friends,  stroked a man's beard, and danced with a transvestite   they won't forget her that's for sure "
i made the mistake of shaving my ass now it is engulfed with ingrown hairs so bad i cant sit down
"never leave your phone out at a super bowl party   <propfirst> henderson, i will get you back "
mubarak resigned!!!
shut down <propfirst> d's   i'm very proud of myself!
do they still make honda preludes?  i want one!
i just left school   on a friday!  that's sacrilegious 
when in rome   
i'm a big kid now!  (i just filed my taxes and got money back)
off with their heads!  here i come polar bear plunge!
i survived!  pictures to come later   we won   again!
meeting a very important person today!  i've never been so nervous!!!
today is a great day to be outside!  just ran 7 <propmale>   my new running partner made it seem like 2!
"the dentist says i have braces in my future   now i really will look like a 12-year-old boy   shut it, <propfemale>   "
i have tickets to see the dalai lama!
"see if you can follow this:  i ordered a printer at the end of january    i have to sign for it or fill out a special form for it to be delivered, but i have to print the form to fill it out to get the printer  but, i need the printer to print the form so i can sign for the printer!  however,  i asserted myself on enough people that they finally gave me the printer   what a fiasco!"
i rode a horse for the first time today!
"you know how the weather changes the kiddos' behavior at school?  i think the tsunami has impacted the collective good   everyone seems to be nut-so today   and yes, that is the official verbiage   nut-so "
finished my midterm   i am convinced that graduate school is more a lesson in being humbled than anything else   every time i think i know something i realize how much i don't know 
pop's dairy <propfemale>   nostalgia in a cone 
i must have some good <propfemale> going on   i just got hit by a car on the highway at 75 mph and had no damage 
i just got my first pedicure of the season   the weather can officially be nice now 
just bought sheets at the spa   it's either weird or genius 
"more than anything else running is about giving up   whether running twenty minutes, forty minutes, or even four hours, it is about giving up self doubt, conditioned fear, and preconceived notions  it is about embracing pain  for with pain comes clarity and simply existing, even if just for a few brief moments "
i am becoming increasingly obsessed with listening to supreme court cases and convinced i should've been a lawyer   my case today:  <propfemale> hits 4 jesus 
is out of my comfort zone 
i get to meet baby <propfirst> today!!!
"my bedroom is in my living room, and my living room is scattered everywhere   why? well, because it's my house, and i can "
