cd893d78fb90fefb5f23e48b4911d1d6
tired
i dont wanna fuckin work today either!!!
runnin around like crazy tryin to do stuff to save $$ cause in the end its all about the benjamins
"is outta here, gotta leave the state for a few days, peace out people n ill get back with ya when i get back"
back from illinois and am lovin every minute of it 
fuck life before life fucks you and your stuck making wring decisions constantly but tryin for right reasons
"i hate allergies and getting rained out of work     now i hafta work friday, boooo"
a headache     
"mmmm just ate 5 lbs of crab legs, feelin a lil bloated n fat     o well, they're just too delish!"
tired      
"when in doubt, get ur <propmale> out!"
whys it hafts rain every damn weekend so i cant get anything done around the house???
"its hot, im tired, and after losing 50 lbs my pants dont fit     go figure"
im ready for the heat to subside n be nice outside again  weather affects mood and im definately tired of bein grouchy lol
"yeah, it is 4 a m , just waiting on the morning dump so i can head out the door to work"
is there anyone who is down with my half pepper challenge? eat half a pepper no food water or puking after for 20 mins n and ull receive 40$
"(friday) 365 mile drive home, check, re-pack bags and drive 135 <propmale> to chicago, check, (saturday) chill n party, check, (sunday) drive home 135 <propmale>, unpack_repack bags for monday ,check, (monday) drive 365 <propmale> back to springfeild for the week                fuck driving, i wanna leave on a jet-plane"
i need to get motivated to enjoy the weekend   
woke up to a parking cone in my car        musta been a good night  i know i feel like shit
glad its the weekend
"im havin a bad day    im sick so last night i took some benadryl to sleep and today i woke up late for work n feel twice as bad as yesterday      boooooo to bein sick, ide rather be workin"
hope today isnt as bad as yesterday      otherwise i might swallow a bullet and jump in a fire
"lunchtime and its a much better day than yesterday, thank god"
i wanna grow a money tree    
its ficking 420 and ive already been up an hour     g2g tho i shoulda left 5 mins ago
"ever had ur head so full of thoughts that ur actually not thinking of anything? it does not help your anxeity any, let me tell u   "
"shopping @ the mall was a fucking nightmare, took 45 mins to park and when u finally bought something it took another half hour to stand in the checkout line     way too overcrowded!!!!"
"trying to defrost the biggest steak ive ever seen  it wont fit in my microwave or my sink, its 2 ft loong 1 ft wide and over 3 inches thick!! hopefully itll fit on the grill! mmmmm"
"tired, sore, slightly grouchy, and i cant wait for my vacation so i can make a few changes in my lifestyle that are drastically needed    "
i fucking hate anxeity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why cant shit just be normal for me for a while?
"well, just got done puttin a roof on, took 4 hrs longer than e playful ected but hey its $$ now its time to get my bags ready to head to iowa to work there for 9 days straight"
"its 520am been on the road since 215am with 4 hrs sleep, were haulin balls and almost through illinois already! yay i just want a nap"
"200 <propmale> down     220 more to go, i wish i didn't have to drive"
"700 <propmale> round trip to cedar rapids from my house, thats 12 hrs in a car plus working 36hrs in three days up there           glad to be home  smile "
"boooo, i better not miss the bears game on sunday since were leaving for fuckin iowa sunday @ 5 instead of monday morning     pretty pissed about that"
"pretty tired     drove out to cedar rapids sunday n got here @ 10, woke up @ 6 worked till 730-800 pm and were back @ it today prolly gunna be another daylight to dark    long ass day!!"
"woo hoo! were halfway there, just got to <propfirst> town n gunna <propfirst>ll with the pops n then tomorrow hop on the plane n were off to arizona!! can't wait to see rolz n <propfemale>!!"
"in arizona! had a great flight, jayden did awsome actually, she loves flying  we had a great relaxing night with rolz and <propfemale> and jayden had a blast with the boys  suprisingly after a year and a half of not seein any of them she remembered all of them and warmed right up to em very fast! <propfemale> actually told me today that she was gunna live with <propfemale> n to go away daddy, come visit some other time lol "
finally home!! yay
"hopefully amahad bradshaw breaks something in the first quarter in tonights game and doesnt score anything over 7 fantasy points, hes up against <propfirst> so things arent lookin good for me     i dnt wanna be knocked outta first place in our league or lose my 5 game winning streak"
i lost    
"the hot pepper challenge is back, check em out in my mobile upload album n let mem know if theres any takers muah hahahaha"
so far no takers on the ghost pepper challenge       ive had people try a timy bite but nobody said theyd eat a whole one     
"i hate the time change!!!!!! it always throws my whole internal clock off and fucks me up for about a month, im tired of bein tired if u know what i mean lol"
"yay, just ordered my new tv, it should be here monday  time to get rid of the 65\ and upgrade to a 73\""  smile  i like big screens"""
anybody wanna come chip in and watch the rampage fight tonight?
"finally got outta the house and actually had a drink, had a good time and now im tired as shit n my voice is gone"
"long great weekend, best of luck to <propfemale> (chicagolands newest <propfirst> <propfemale> consultant) good luck to <propfemale>, keep up the good work sweety and move on up that ladder  smile "
"tired, was late for work and my baby girl was sick as shit last night n was yakin everywhere last night about once an hour   poor thing"
and whose down for the gsp and koscheck fight tomorrow night? donations needed     50$ a fight adds up quick so tossin in 5$ or something would be much appreciated!!
"tv sold, thank you <propfemale> and jand <propfirst>, my girlfriend is happy its outta the living room!"
ever feel like ur on a simking ship wearing a blindfold and holding a shotgun n tryin to shoot the bad guys but dont realize ur in the hull of the boat and all your doin is makin more holes?????
is it spring yet? i need energy and e playful losions!
bears! bears! bears! bears!
fuck!!!!!!!!!!  it was a close game but if cutler wasnt a pussy or if hainey woulda started from the get go they woulda won      well guys theres always next year! either draft a great qb or trade some draft picks for <propfirst> vick! thats what the bears need 
"so much time, so little to do     (yes i said that right) im just tryin to figure out what me and the jayd monster are gunna do today b4 she goes to nonas house"
"its sunday, footballs about over, and i hope spring is almost here"
"off to mid-evil times tonight, im really curious as to what is gunna be like"
"hey buddha, the steelers lost                    im sticking with franks comment, @ least im rootin for someone in our division     "
"just got done watchin an amasing show by threat level, like usual badass show! kt enjoyed it too  good night overall! p s  to the people that were there, that <propfemale> kicked ass! and i want more, just delish! root beer, butterscotch, and cream soda mixed together makes 1 hell of a good hard <propfemale>!!!!!"
"its early, couldnt sleep worth a piss, now im just a grouchy old fuck who feels like goin on a war path today            doubt itll happen tho"
tryin to get this stupid damn at&t signal booster hooked up so we actually have service and 3g in r house but for some stupid ass reason the piece of shit doesn't wanna connect to our phones       
"finally got my tax check, and itll b gone tomorrow  sad   gunna pay some bills ahead and put some $ away"
"oh, off to work again    "
"had a good weekend, went to get out wedding sets on friday, had one of my close friends weddings to go to on saturday and had a great time, and got to relax all day sunday (lil hungover and wiped out from goin non stop all weekend) but @ least she has her engagement ring now!"
my allergies are starting to kick my ass which means    mushroom season is almost here!!!!!!  buddha u better be ready for dis shit!
