b235a95962f124bc68d9ac0650d6b1d1
got a black electic guitar!!!!!
i passed my drivers test and got my license today!!!!!
has a cough and is freezing and going to the game didnt exactly help my chances of feeling better lol
you know when u think you know someone    yeah dont trust that feeling 
why does no one think i can handle the truth?
why does no one think i can handle the truth?
teacher conferences         you dont even want to know lol
is tired and its only 10:15    and bored brittneys at the dance    but i did rent the newest american pie movie which has bug hall in it lol (alpalfa from little rascals awe!!!)
hoping my mom will let me go to the imax to see <propfemale> in wonderland!!!
home alone       electric shut off dont know why kinda creepy not gonna lie i dont like being alone in a big house
won her tennis game against unity christian!!!! woot woot! zeeland east wednesday but they only have like 10 girls which sucks i dont like prosets  sad 
just fell down the stairs     dont even ask lol  sad  my ankle hurts
just fell down the stairs       dont ask lol ow!
won against coopersville 8-1  playful 
got a job babysitting for my aunt and uncle every tuesday and thursday this summer!!!
vote for <propmale>! he is running for secretary for the class of 2011!!! (p s to my knowledge no one else has signed up so it looks like you have no choice  playful  just saying)
4 more days!!!!!! yay!!! lol
simion mulder who moved to flordia last year is gonna be on americas got talent playing the piano!!!! how awesome is that! it is either tuesday or wednesday on nbc
plz vote for my little niece  <propfemale> monetza on greatamericanphotocontest com voter1 index5 aspx?referid=wlcmkobe&p=2404491&x= jpg thanks  laugh 
listening to your love is my drug! i love this song!
on my way to manistee  playful  its gonna be fun  laugh 
is at the new tennis courts which are amazing! bout ready to leaveand go to the beach with kt and <propfirst>  playful 
in a storage closet with my twin bestie friend ever playing hide and go seek at church and they cant find us  playful  hehehe
sitting under the return rack at younkers waiting for <propfirst> to try on jeans she likes    im bored
is getting kicked off facebook because her demanding niece wants to watch <propmale> on the computer why she cant watch it on the tv is beyond me lol
my lip is burnt from eating pizza i should have listened when the man said it was hott and it just came out of the oven ppl normally dont lie about stuff lie that lol
just got back from tennis with <propfemale> and then went to dollar store and bought sweeny <propmale> its really good  smile 
going shopping with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  playful  gonna be fun!!!!  laugh 
went to the fair with family and got salt water taffy!!!!!!! it is truly amazing! lol
awe!!!! my niece is singing to <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol!
it sucks when u know someone status is about u    
awe!!! thanks everyone for your birthday wishes!!!! *big hugs*
just got back from artprize with <propfemale> and <propfirst> pretty neat stuff there  playful  especially the waiter right <propfemale>  playful  haha
chubby <propfemale>! 6 marshmellows!! yeah boi!
arm muscles sore from <propfemale> and stomach muscles sore from laughing
my sister is in the top 15 for hamilton idol!!! woot woot!
why cant i upload my bday party pics this is driving me nuts!!!!! argh!!!
went to the movies with <propfemale> grace boerman    easy a is the funniest movie ever!!!
<propfemale> is coming home at 5 then we are gonna party like no other  playful  lol
just got done making puppy chow for ashleys party!!!!! lol cant wait!!!
trying to sleep on the hotel floor bc my niece is a spoiled little butt and took my bed after not being able to sleep can u believe that?
life sucks and so does ap homework    wondering why i took it    
somethimes i yell at inanimate objects like the intercom today    intercom: becca vandenbrink come to the office  becky: (under her breath) okay  intercom: becca vandenbrink plz come to the office becky: i said im coming!!! gosh!!
you have been hacked by your favorite sister!!!!!
wondering why she works so hard on ap english essay if the teacher is gonna tell me how its not good 2 weeks later    argh!!!!!
finally watched most of avatar and its amazing lol im gonna have to buy it on black friday
forgetting to put on ur headlights+a state cop=a bad start to my christmas vacation
making crayons with my niece (using the crayon maker from crayola  playful ) haha
the person who said words dont hurt didnt throw the dictionary hard enough  <ü*becky leigh*ü>
siked for christmas!!!
freaked out!!! didnt realize the mtc show was coming so quick!!!!!!!!!!
just recieved her acceptance to davenport!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"the founder of world vision prays: \god break my heart for what breaks yous \"" -\",b235a95962f124bc6 laugh 9ac0650d6b1d1,hockey has got to be the most amazing sport on this planet lol
hello everyone i just got my new phone after my other one broke and ill need everyones phone <propfirst> again which really sucks cause i had a friggin lot but just message me so i have it thank you  smile  or better yet my number is the same so u could just text me that would actually be a lot easier but tell me who u are in the message or this will do nothing lol
does anyone else think they should turn the volume on the mic up and the track down on american idol! argh! its driving me nuts!
"it was a one eyed, one horn flying purple people eater"
"trade school here i come! unfortunatly, because i epically fail at ap english < annoyed >"
just got back from babysitting and had a blast haha i chased away chickens with a remote control car and the little boy chased the car so it tired him out it was a win-win! ha!
