fbcf53883411b87ec14110a68dbdc0f0
"happy new year! i hope all that god has in store for you doesn't come une playful ectedly, as a thief in the night  and that before this night's over you'll get alone with god, and make sure you've gotten things right "
"yeah  some people told me that facebook was addicting  i didn't believe them, or fox news  but, i think i'll believe the clock that says it's 2 surprise 8am  goodnight!"
"hey everyone! if you don't want to see a tax increase, go to this website to sign a petition that the league of american voters is sending to congress  it only takes a few seconds and is better than doing nothing at all  please pass it on to all the people you know!  renewthetaxcuts com"
"ouch!!! i hurt  where you ask? everywhere! what a day at work! the bathtub is calling my name  calgon, epsom salts, somebody, anybody, take me away! ha, ha!"
"heavenly father, i pray that you will forgive me of my sins  lord, i pray that more souls get saved today at church  holy spirit, i pray that you will touch the hearts of all who enter its doors, so that we will be prepared to learn the lesson you have for each of us \amen"
from a bumper sticker:  definition of a liberal--a person so open-minded their brain fell out!
"a u s military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his her family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for our freedom  it's military appreciation week         repost this if you are in the military, love a military member, old memories of a fallen hero, or appreciate our troops!"
great day at the box house! we get to use the <propfirst> to <propfemale> the kids to school! i'm so happy! thanks preacher! it will make life easier for all of us 
"if\you think, that putting up a mosque 600 ft  from ground zero and have \the inauguration, on the anniversary of 9 11 11, is immoral, inhuman and\a complete lack of respect for the memories of all that perished on \that day and their survivors & that politicians are doing a grave injustice to the fallen heroes, their families and all the people of new\york city, then please copy and paste this to your wall "
"all went well on the way to school this morning  everyone was on time and excited to be going back to school  <propfemale> pretended she wasn't excited, but i could tell she was  she's a great helper with the little ones, and a blessing to have on board "
today is going to be a great day! thank you jesus  without you i know it wouldn't be possible 
"this week's gonna be great! i hope my back will keep up with me, because i have a lot to do  the morning may start off slow, but from there it's go, go, go! i may want to start drinking coffee again "
today is going to be great! yep! started off with picking the wrong color shirts for the boys uniforms  <propfirst> helped with that  now i can't find the receipt book for the <propfirst> upkeep  eiiiieeee! i'll figure it out  i really feel like i need that cup of coffee now!
my road in life is not paved by other people 
i shouldn't be praying for <propfemale>  has anyone else had the e playful erience of dealing with the most stubborn boy in the world?
"is getting ready for monday  think positive, think positive, think positive! nope,not convinced it'll be positive yet, but it'll positively be monday! see all you parents bright and early  oh, there is one + note for the moneymakers--no $ due tomorrow for the <propfirst> ride  you get a break this week  that'll help start your week in a positive mood!"
"today is a good day  the boys on the <propfirst> were good, and we made it to school in this rain that we have been needing for so long  thank you lord for the rain! now, lord, please send an angel to clean my house  (don't use lightning wind rain please!)"
"my right hip is out  o'neal (chiropractor) can't see me till 5 smile 0 this pm and i have class at 6pm that i can't afford to miss  please pray that god will let me get this fixed, so i don't have to miss more work or school  (don't worry parents of <propfirst> children  i can still drive)  i just have a hard time getting into the <propfirst> "
"it's official, the devil must know my name  i had to give a present  in eng  tonight  we had to speak on an essay we've done  i decided to talk about an essay i wrote on my role as a christian  in it, i gave the plan of salvation to the class  when i got outside i had a flat tire  yay! i must have gotten through to someone! and my back is feeling better, even after changing a tire in the rain! thank you jesus "
"despite the rain and the fact that i was late picking them up, the kids made it to school without being tardy  my alarm clock's going to have to buzz earlier, and my lead foot's going to have to lighten up, or i'm going to get another ticket!"
"to the parents of grace baptist church school kids: school is delayed for 2 hours tomorrow due to the flooding caused by rains  school closing is still a possibility due to tropical storm  if onslow county schools close, then grace will be closed too  i'll keep you posted "
"'night, sleep tight, and don't forget to turn out the lights "
"after a rainy day couped up in the house with these two boys of mine, i realize just how much i've been missing them since they started back to school "
"it's husband appreciation week! \if you have an amazing husband who's been with you through the thick and thin, who has been a true blessing in your life and whom you are proud to be married to today, re-post this with your wedding date: 11 06 1993"
"hey everyone  please include <propfirst> box in your prayers  he is my husband's uncle  he is in the hospital and has a superbug staph infection in his right arm  this staph is resistant to most antibiotics, and he has been told that he may lose his arm "
is consistently losing it 
found it!
"is needing everyone to pray for her husband <propmale>  his back is out again and he's having a really hard time getting it back into place  also, keep <propmale> ottaway in prayers for open heart surgery coming up on friday "
wants to remind parents of grace baptist school being closed for <propmale> day tomorrow 
"i am american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do    for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone!!"
needs some sleep  goodnight 
today is a great day  tomorrow will be better  i love old fashioned sunday! i'm going to do what i can today to invite as many people as i can to come  i pray that anyone who walks through the doors and is not saved comes to know jesus as their saviour!
"says she doesn't want to go to school! it's nasty outside, and the last time it rained she had to change a tire on her truck! by the time it was changed she was soaked and needed a change!"
"wake up folks! i've got a lot to do today, and my time is already running out! thank you lord for another beautiful day!"
"for my fellow u s  citizens, we have a priviledge to vote in this country  this is a reminder to do your duty to serve your country  i will be praying for the outcome of this election, and for god to guide me in choosing the right candidates for the jobs  please take time to vote today  may god bless you, and may he once again bless the united states of <propfemale>   \sincerely, in jesus' name, <propfemale> box"
"is tiiiirrred! remind me that i'm not as young as i used to be, but don't dare tell me i'm old!"
please pray for my mom  her name is <propfemale> hardin and she went to the hospital this morning  she has been diagnosed with congestive heart failure  the drs  are running a catheter through and we're waiting on results 
"open heart surgery is on the agenda and scheduling will be decided tomorrow for my mom  praise god! she is saved! so, if she should go, i know i will see her again  i'm keeping hope though, that god will let her stay here  please keep praying, and thank you for all your prayers "
"is having a hard time sleeping  i'm thinking about <propmale> and the boys  i miss them  i'm also concerned about my mom  she's doing better, but her heart and lungs are both weak  the drs  still haven't made clear when & what kind of surgery my mom will have  they are leaning toward stints, but said it's \dicey\"" areas to put them  please keep praying """
"i'm sorry i haven't updated on fb lately  for those praying for my mom, <propfemale> hardin, thank you  yesterday afternoon, the head of cardiology at <propmale> mem  hosp , (he's the only one who dared to touch her, because of the risk), put 3 stents in around her heart  the surgery went well "
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this up for1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  \many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? love to those who are in the fight!!"
i just want to   thank you lord  please bless those who bless others 
"has an amazing husband, who works tirelessly even when the work doesn't pay  i love him soooo much!"
i am so undeservingly blessed! thank you lord!
this morning starts off great    so i think 
the wisest man woman knows just how stupid he she is 
six inches of snow here at our house so far 
"hey everyone! <propmale> wanted me to tell you that mid atlantic liquidators @ 4618 market st in wilmington (close to kerr ave), is having an auction on their granite countertops this friday the 14th @ 10am "
"to all the grace baptist school parents  i believe <propmale> will want to have a little extra time to drive tomorrow, so please be at the church by 7:15am  thank you!"
"oh, the fun of working for free  weeeee!"
"i'm fixin' to have one less dog  she better be barking at something this time! this has been going on for over an hour now  any ideas to help? i don't have a muzzle, except on my gun  (and no i wouldn't; though it's getting tempting )"
my husband's the best    i'm just sayin' 
heads up! we had a ton of people today that were diagnosed with the flu  most were suffering from the congestion type and the stomach type at the same time  ugggh! i'm getting the flu shot tomorrow  i hope i don't get the flu before the shot has a <propmale> to work 
"well, i am old enough now  i'm ready to be young enough again   smile "
" is e playful ecting again!! i know, i know, it's crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official  i mean who would have guessed that we are e playful ecting again!! yup it's official   we are e playful ecting *rain* tonight and again tomorrow!! **re-post if you have any sense of humor !!**"
   will be glad when it pays to go to work 
"this was posted by my friend <propfirst> with a little tweaking of my own: lol!\the senility prayer annoyed lord, <propmale> me the senility to forget the people i never liked anyway,\the good fortune to run into the ones i do, and the eyesight to tell the difference "
"please put this as your status for one hour, if you or someone you love has diabetes  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour? do it for all of us fighting and in memory of too many who died fighting it!"
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of u are on my list as a result of a conscious decision i made! i am not only glad to count u as friends but also family  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you    for being part of my life!   : )
gotta get some sleep  driving a <propfirst> full of boys to school is something i'm not used to anymore  my husband spoiled me  i wish he'd spoil me some more   wink 
time to get off of fb and on to better play things   ;}
keep true to those who are there for you and dismiss those who only pretend to be 
"for all of us who could use sketcher's shape ups, i thought i'd let you know they're on sale at shoe carnival until the 26th for $69 99  that's $30 00 off!"
"would love to be too old to feel this young, instead of too young to feel this old  i need my back cracker, but i'll have to settle for calgon "
i hope everyone has a great day! i'm off to get my evaluation from my internship supervisor  i hope it's good   smile 
"what do you do with a boy who has broken his wrist in the same place three times? pray for him? yes, i'm doing that  bubble wrap him? never "
scheduled my cma certification exam for 18th at 1 surprise 0pm  please pray that i'll do well  i'm ready to get to work!
my whole house is sleeping and i plan to join them now  goodnight fb  sweet dreams  i plan to pray for those affected by the earthquake and tsunami 
"i won't mention any names, but i wonder who's already broken their new year's resolutions?"
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour  do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting 
"so my hubby walks by, cracks one, and says \\""ain't it nice to know you have a husband that can still \""blow you away?\""\"" hmmm   the <propmale> for romance flew out the window """
"correction on my last status  do to the influence of fumes i didn't remember <propmale>'s line  he said, \\""ain't it good to have a husband who can still \""take your breath away \""\"" needless to say   he leaves me breathless """
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! we grew up reciting this every morning in school with our hands on our hearts  we no longer do that for fear of offending someone!!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone"
"nineteen years ago today, <propmale> proposed marriage to me  with all the twists and turns on the road of life, i wouldn't want to travel with anyone else  i love my husband!"
"soooo   i passed my state certification exam! woohoo! i wish i knew my score, but i'll settle for passing  i have to wait up to 8 weeks to get the score and that doesn't make sense to me  anyway, look out all you sick people! i'm ready to get to work!  wink "
my children's laughter makes my heart soar! maybe i don't need wings after all 
"i'm taking my youngest to get x-rays tomorrow on his broken arm  i hope it's healing correctly  <propmale>'s hoping the doctor will let him use a splint for the remainder of the healing  haha! i don't care what the dr  says, it ain't happening!"
<propmale> got a new cast today  it is red this time with room for more signing   smile 
"going to see my mom! the boys are going with me as a surprise for her  we're hoping, also to get some gem hunting in while we're there  woohoo! maybe we'll strike it <propmale>!"
"i feel like i really accomplished something today  the boys & i hiked to the towers at crowder mtn looking for gems along the way  my legs felt like jello, but we hiked about 6 <propmale> on rocktop trail 2 8mi (rated strenuous) & crowder trail 3mi (rated moderate)  i wish <propmale> were here with us though   smile "
"curse crowder's mountain and it's gemstones too! no  i wouldn't actually curse them  after all, no one twisted my arms to climb that mountain  it just feels like they twisted everything else!"
"almost finished with our new shower  <propmale> has done a great job  now i have to put in the shower floor  it will look awesome when i'm done, but may take a while to fill in a 34in x 60in area with all these glass marble drops  woohoo! (i'm psyching myself up!)"
april fools day isn't a joke when it makes someone cry 
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you support troops "
"good news! <propmale> & i are both working! bad news  we're working on each other's nerves, and it doesn't pay  hmmm   i think it's time for a job that pays "
