0f038c9c2b29165d9f319bfd78f83b30
"kantheism? yes, i think so "
what i'm trying to say is i'm going to bite into your head like an apple if you don't slow down 
i need everything for my nursery barn
    i need a cigarette and some sedatives 
know how i know dude that lives behind me is a crackhead? he was watering his flowers @ 9 am in his undies during a storm
"i start to feel weird when i get on facebook and see \whats on your mind?    share\"" its like seeing a good friend that wants to listen to your problems  i connect with the internet better than humans  annoyed  thats pretty bad """
"so tonight i got to watch \cops: live from kc\"" go down in my parking lot  they even had to bring an ambulance in for dude that took off running  it was pretty intense """
we all want something to hold in the night we don't care if it hurts or we're holding too tight
"men are always whining that we're suffocating them  personally i think if you can hear them whining, you're not pressing hard enough on the pillow "
gonna be in <propfemale> this weekend  hit me up!
my phone was deactivated so don't try calling or texting    won't work  i'll get a go phone this weekend and text if i need ya  smile 
last night was awesome  smile  my friends are the best 
someone needs to give me a ride    come on people
"ok, maybe i am just a little fucked up "
i really like liking things    
"\if i ever saw an amputee being hanged i'd just shout out random letters   \"" -demetri <propfirst>"""
i haven't been to sleep once tonight     annoyed 
quite bored  i wish i had enough money to get a motel room for the night and destroy the living shit outta it 
he consumes my soul slowly and laughs as i scream 
i  love  all my friends that try to cheer me up  smile  thanks guys  oh and i love all the ones that didnt too but you guys suck at staying up late =p
goin to silver dollar city this weekend with the family    should be fun  haven't been there since high school i think 
i hate sleeping on the floor  annoyed 
"chillin at <propfirst>'s  what to do, what to do   "
my head hurts     sad 
why do i torture myself?
it's so unfair to play it cool   
oh how i adore being ignored 
i love you meshele! you will always be mah lil sis  smile 
omw to silver dollar city for the day  last night was a blast   smile  love ya meshele and <propmale>!!
had fun yesterday  wanna <propfemale> out with somebody today    i'm bored  text my sisters phone 
i need some lovin' :i
another sleepless night  yawn 
she kisses everyone goodbye and waves her middle finger high they're never gonna mess with her again
i think about 90 percent of the time people just look right through me 
waiting for <propfirst> to get off work    i need to get out of here!
they want to sedate me and steal my kidneys! i dunno bout falling asleep here     annoyed 
nobody means what they say  ever 
"hi <propfemale>! love, lundon"
drag my teeth across your chest to taste your beating heart
"she's got a date at midnight - with nosferatu oh baby, <propfemale> munster - ain't got nothing on you\well when i called her evil - she just laughed well cast that spell on me - boo bitch craft"
"thanks to all my \friends\"" that had my back  you're all backstabbing assholes and you can all go to hell """
"still in a horrible mood from last night  i love how a girl always get blamed for stupid shit  i won't apologize when i didn't do anything wrong and if anyone wants to dispute that, try  i fuckin dare ya "
yeah? well i wanna live next to a xanax factory with no locks   smile 
anyone have any good names for a basset hound?
can anyone tell me the cheapest place to tan in west plains willow springs mtn  view? tell me quick lundon has work today and we really badly wanted to go tanning  smile 
soooo     yeah 
so i ended up with a very painful cow print like ass from tanning  fuck <propfirst> undies in the bed  lundon's ass is pretty bad too lmao  bad idea 
i have to put more aloe on mah butt  sad  i've never had a sunburn before and this one is literally a pain in my ass 
ahh home sweet home  nah actually i already miss mah homies
i just want to go to quicktrip  is that to much to ask
well that cheers me up a bit
i am so fuggin bored  someone save me
well we renamed the cat again    his name is now <propmale>
nothing to do but sit here and think of you 
so yeah    allergies are a bigger bitch than my sister lmao  who woulda known  jp ish! not really but please dont kill me
people suck 
"so last night i was walking with a couple people when the cops swarmed us with motorcycles, 4 wheelers and suvs    apparently they were trespassing and they got arrested but i almost had a heart attack  never imagined theyd send in a damn swat team to pick up two ppl"
well whatever if it doesnt happen it doesnt happen  life shall proceed
i'm done with this shit  i'm moving back to <propfemale>
gah  gotta figure out how to get back to <propfemale>    any suggestions? otherwise im hitchhiking bitches 
for my family thats talkin shit    shut up  you obviously dont know me  my life isnt ur responsibility so but out!
well i might have gotten my old job back at el rancho lets just hope it comes thru
packing    what a bore
i'm kinda sorta really excited about going home  at the same time tho i'm gonna miss my kaelia a k a  my pufferfish ily kaelia!  love 
feeding kids that aren't yours sugar before bedtime is a very amusing thing to do 
well im probably gonna be in <propfemale> for a little bit tomorrow  i really wanna be there for the weekend but i dun think thats gona happen
man o man what a day
i'm tired of being ignored  am i allowed to scream?
wow  that is all i have to say 
man    just shoot me now 
i need a foot massage
gah  bored  who is awake?
had fun today  smile  now i'm exhausted 
gettin my new phone tomorrow    hopefully 
got my pretty new phone  i'm in love lol  text me so i have ur number    4172524602
on break    yay!!!
all the electricity at el rancho went out except for the register   
i don't like this situation  its just stupid   
workin again    lovely 
i know something you don't know   
fuggin haters!
so yesh    i suppose i am slighty psychotic   
no one really cares  i just wish people could be more honest about it 
so    should i get my lip or nose pierced?? tell me! lol
bout time to get workin  sad  need more input on whether i should get my lip or nose done! comment and tell me peoples! i don't care if i don't know you i just want your opinion lol 
i'm tryin to get a <propfemale> pin but i can't unless i can get a babysitter for it while i'm at work  i'll pay 20 bucks a week and i'll provide food! please someone help i've wanted one for a long time  please!!!
sooooo     yeah 
if i get a female <propfemale> pin tomorrow what should i name it?
yay what a fun fuckin night 
uh a hint that i was truly surrounded by hillbillies came when i turned and saw a small boy pissing out the back window of a <propfirst>  omfg 
i like it on the hardwood floor next to the sofa 
well not a broke betch anymore  smile  i'm excited 
got mah nose pierced  will take pics soon!
haha yeah i can't even pretend to be happy without my kaelia  sad  i miss you baby!
i am done waiting around on people  either keep up with me or get the hell out of my way 
"i dance with myself, i drunk myself down\found people to love, left people to drown\i'm not scared to jump, i'm not scared to fall\if there was nowhere to land i wouldn't be scared at all"
"\stop telling lies about me and i'll stop telling the truth about you \"" new fave quote  i can totally relate  wink """
mwhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha *cough* *cough* hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahaha ok i'm down lol
"if i tear you open wide, take a look inside\are you pretty?\can i get inside your mind, see what i can find?\are you pretty?\so just take off that disguise, everyone knows that you’re only\pretty on the outside"
i hope <propfemale> scissor kicks you in the throat   smile  i fuggin  love  you kaelia!
reality is for those who can't cope with drugs lmao 
well    i'm sick   sad 
so i thought i could kick this cough    nope now my lungs feel like they're gonna collapse  i haven't been able to sleep so i'm very irritable  sad  i just wanna cry
i  love  tosh 0
"oh, we coulds tell you tons of stories about killin cars with opposums  smile "
<propmale>! you owe me <propfemale>  pay up!
hahaha! meshele almost forgot to put water in her noodles before cooking them  i love that chick  smile 
quit throwing gloves and empty bottles at me ppl! lol
i  love  my friends  smile  you guys fuggin rock!
"meshele, i'mma stalk you forever  love  your hair looks pretty in that light mwhahahaha"
i kinda wish i had something to bitch about lol
if lundon doesn't wake the fuck up who's gonna take me and sly costume shopping
ahhh nice to see you again bed  we should <propfemale> out more often  smile 
man i'm tired as hell    went to work at 3 this morning and now i have to go clean my truck    lame 
ooo boy i am tired  i'm hitting the sack early  night all!
my arm is dead  thanks madi for sleeping for 2 hours and not giving me a heads up lol
"aaat work again, buuut i have the next two days off! let's chill betches!!"
so a truck caught fire at work today  i almost had a heart attack  thanks to cabool maintance across the street we didn't die a fiery death  pressure washers can save lives!  smile 
i love lookin through my phone photos  my friends make me smile  smile 
"\people get shot by unloaded guns all the time \"" -shylo"""
i got work  sad 
what a lovely day  smile  <propmale> lady for the hundred  you are effin amazing!  smile 
enis genthra
yawn  i hate the over night shift 
gah new day at work    with and unenthusiastic yay!!
if women ruled the world there would be no war  just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other 
come check out the new pictures! sly and i had fun doing them too  if you're interested in shooting with us give us a holla!  smile 
my farmville is down   i can't go to my farm
