2b18eaa84f8f77e35a3b1a8a2d5b3859
playin a awesome game called wolfquest
i am happy!!!! thinks: now just gotta make my dad say yes then niqi's then <propfemale>'s then this then that       muhahahaha!!!  *is an evil mastermind*
squeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
im leaveing 4 the convention! gonna have lots'o'fun!
im home!!! 16 things and 147 dollars later     
i have no home work! fear my awesome powers of speed writing > laugh 
just got back from awa-con and am freakin tired  i'll upload pics and vids later just wanna sleeeeeep!
i've spent all day thinking (cause rain helps me think) about things i truely fear    1  mental loneliness 2  rejection 3  loseing a loved one 4  gaining to many material things 5  loseing too many wonderful things 6  depression 7  falling  its weird what a person fears once you think about it 
i got my hair cut real short today and i just love it  laugh 
just finished science project =_= its so stressful and this is only the first day im working on it 
woo-hoo! halloween sleep over with a friend i havent seen in forever! it shall be epic!
watching dracula lol perfect thing to be watching today
rawr imma gonna bite you  smile 
halloween was epic!!
i has a failish hair cut tt_tt laugh at me at school tomorrow     
"man-sae  ehhh im going to be baby-sitting my sis all week wile mum and dad are at work    and all my friends are off doing crap im so bored tt^tt spending my time working on commissions, writeing a story, doing meh science project, and prepareing for da yuki-con of saterday  you would think that keeps me busy     well it doesnt "
bored    only 3 day till yuki-con at least finally get to met a friend of mine in person there  smile 
yuki-con tomorrow!! man-sae!! cant wait  smile 
oh joy!!! yuki-con today da!!! dont freak out on monday when i come in carrying tons of anime crap and pics! lol  man-saaaaaaaaaaaae!!!
"oh joyz came back from yuki-con  and you cant belive how many peepz where there da! so many hetalia fans there was a leit, and a england, and and a poland and me russia and another russia and so many peepz glomped up durning the glomp fest and hetalia episodes  and we loved it all so much!!!"
"friends went home, stuff from the con, oh joyz plz da, epic pics to show you all, did a head count and turns out theres about 500-550 peepz were there! well    just cause it was so small     but still  smile  so many new friends and all think im epic so take that skool peepz!"
so bored~ just decorated the tree    uh yeah    woot      s a i  is being dificult       annoyed   so i need quick entertainment  3 
???d ?no? o ?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i  laugh 
just finished watching the hangover  laugh  such a retarded movie and i tell you now    dont watch it with your parents d8 not somthing you wanna do im afraid    
tomorrow night im going to stay up the entire 24 hours just to spite <propfemale> and his red fatness anyone want to join and then get taken away if he is real with me?
lol powerroutages on x-mas <propfemale> what irony
<propfemale> x-mas all you cristian peepz  annoyed 
so much awesomesause stuff for x-mas~ *goes off to do the happy happy joy joy dance*
my fav gifts in order: 1  ps3 2  bamboo tablet (for computer) 3  7 funny epic shirts 4  figures that havent arrived from japan yet but they're cool none the less  annoyed 
assassin creed 2 is the most addicting game <propfemale>     d8 its awesome
everyone check the pine mountain website school canceled tomorrow!! hurrayy!!!
? pants on the ground pants on the ground lookin' like a fool with your pants on the ground with the gold in your mouth hat turned sideways pant hit the ground call yourself a cool cat lookin' like a fool walkin' down town with your pants on the ground get it up hey your pants on the ground lookin' like a fool talkin' with your pants on the ground give it up ?
you know its sad when the japanese invent a game for the game boy about tomatoes =_= at least its not as bad at the shoulder cups to catch earring if they fall out 
*is a very happy person right now*
spontaneous combustion in <propfemale> leaf form!! that is the true canada!!!
lol canada failed at the very last second poor poor canada    lol
happy new year everyone! lucky year of the tiger!
got back from momocon yeeeyz  annoyed  it wuz supar fuuuun but really really crowded <propfemale> tech is a scary place  n 
i went and got some easter dresses and a suit for the interview tomrrow x3 i look so aweseome sause in theeeem~ i hope i dont blow it though with my stuttering problem d:
"that interveiw was so easy! and i got tons of complements on how good i looked in teh suit  wink  but  those  shoes  *sobs* i had to wear 8 band-aids and it still rubed it way through and i have not scrapes, but gashes  on my ankles now    ily <propfemale> for giving me ur flip-flops tt^tt also im going to kill whoever went and hacked deviantart!!!! i  will  kill  them  that shiz is not funny  whatsoever  *sulks*"
atlanta anime day is tomorrow  cant wait!  i love it when anime cons are so close to each other~! oh and hi to the small number of people who actually read my status updates  annoyed 
ahhh so much fuuun i so sleeepy  and it was amazing my hair stayed straight the whole teim    
is worried for poland's sake  d: please recover soon <propmale>
went to hip hop dance with  <propfemale> today |d found 2 other otaku's who liked hetalia  ah the faces of the people who had no clue what we were talking about were priceless~
new goal: learn to cossack dance cb  i must i must~
guess who just got a new lappie toppie~! her name is <propfemale> the 2nd~!
guesh who made colour guarrrrd hurpy durpy durrrrrrrrrr
"ok x3 olympics were fun today, i got 1st in the 800 meters, 3rd in the 5 m, and 1st again in the relay  mexico our team got 1st and sportsmanship and russia got fist in cleanness and actual competition  ya lyublyu rossiyu~!!!!"
"watching the movie \the  children\"" british movies are always best~"""
was sick today  annoyed  frew up i did   smile  in bed i stayed  yoda i speak like  huzzah  annoyed 
"listen if you got a \candid camera prank! [hq]\"" from anybody dont open it!!!!! it hacks your account and sends it to everyone!! dont click it whatever you do!!!"""
aiya imma gunna have flag corp like every week in teh summer     o3o im gunna have to mix my plans    and to you there waffle that means you will probably have to come with me to one
i gotz a bunch of <propmale> supplies x3 my hands are just itching to use them~ hurp durp~ o3o
aiya     i dont wanna work on my science game thingy but i have toooo b| i wanna go over to taylors house and play l4d2   herp derp
"tip to ju people out there, dont burn your thumb and get a blister <propfemale>? d:"
"just great, i just crawled out of a depression and today got shoved right back in and dont ask me why or how, you'll just startle the witch >u"
"lolz  no moar depression if ur wondering, and cant wait for the party tonight~! derp >3<"
i has l4d2 i luv that game ;3; already finished tow campaigns and only died once its like   amazing
 _  it sucks when your best friend still has school and that leaves you with nothing to do during the week     
five days till flag spinny thingy goes again seven days till my tooth removal and bottom braces    and then ten days till waffle comes up and we have the spazzest week <propfemale>   i ish not can wait for such 
just finished watching <propmale> gum for the first time momma tried to wipe her tears on my hair x3 now no one can tease me for not watching it 
just got back from a tooth removal and bottom braces  laugh  god i was soooooooo higgghhh and my face feels like rubber o3o just thought u should know
waffle beh comin tomrrowwwwwwz  but jeeze a 12 hour drive for me    
waffle is here x3 we were gunna go get epic cosplay pics but then it rained and we were wet :u but we still got some and i probably will put them on da maaaaybeeeee facebook
boom 
 3  i have no idea what im eating but it taste rlly good  *munch munch crunch* wait     im an anime geek    *nom nom nom nom*
"give up the new, bring back the old, thats something i wanted, but was never told  and so i sit here, remembering my past, to go back to the beginning, and this time, make it last   i like my friends now, i liked the ones before its just too bad i cant make anymore  (angsty poem yey  *shot* )"
?(????)  wrrrrryyyyyyyy           lolz
fever dreams scare the crap out of you when your asleep but when you wake up they're not scary at all       i need to stop watching silent hill
bah i have a horrible stomach ache     d| it wont go away no matter what i do    
quote of the day: i want to bake cookies with a force of nature in human form  ___  lucky    
"just watched paprika parade, oh i just love movies where it looks like the creators are on lsd x3"
"i just realized today is the day i met waffle exactly two years ago and now shes my best friend ever c: she went and changed my life without even trying, if it wasnt for her i wouldnt be the artist i am today~! x3 go ninja powahz waffffffffffflllllllle"
awaiting the congratulations email for voice acting~!!! x3  i hope i get teh part c:
this is my timy-wimy detector   goes ding when there's stuff 
 n  six hours worth of flag spinny thingy today     my arms and feet already hurt from other things and i has stomach ache as well but they wont go for excuses >_> oh the joy of holding a flag
"i like to pretend   that when my camera's batteries are dead, that its a double barrel gun and i have 5 seconds to replace them before zombies eat me  so far best time was 6 seconds "
haircut today or tomorrow ^j^  shortest its ever been
<propfemale> ii isnt working ;a; no pics today but i got mah hair cut and look pretty darn osm 
"waffle: in soviet russia, russia soviet in \me: whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!?!?!\waffle: i devided by zero \me: you confused a russian with a russian joke wth\waffle: where id your god now?\me: *implosion*"
i am officially no long on colour guard  laugh =
"i baked you a pie!\what flavor?\?a? pie flavor "
"dai nemici mi guardo io, dagli amici mi guardi iddio  italian   i can protect myself from my enemies, may god protect me from my friends "
just saw a commercial for the movie vampires suck x3  i must see it       hahahaha~ (trumpets) it makes fun of twilight  lady gaga and pretty much everything else you normal people seem to enjoy
one day of school down 174 to go  3 
only a week until my birthday    i literally had forgot until yesterday when mum reminded me  3  does that mean im old?
watching da's birthday bash      go rave dude  and the cameraman sucks crap d:
"\i see a red door and i want it painted black   \""~?  laugh = yus    well i have a headache  that is all"""
"ow      ow     ow  b| braces now with rubber bands  \but  my hair   is like 5 times shorter  now with pixie fairies  \and  my birthday  is this saturday  i am overall happily in pain |3"
w00t   c: birfdeh  x3
"working on 3 pictures, 3 others i need to get done, one waiting to be scanned busy busy little artisan bee~"
"you had a bad day, something something something, something something something and you sing a sad song just to turn it around!!"
boil 'em mash 'em stick 'em inna sock  potatoes 
happy international cosplay day! if you see a weird lookin' person its either me or a fellow cosplayer  annoyed 
i  need  something  to  draw   n   the 100 themes challenge is starting to bore me and there are no more birthdays this month 
"dry throat, mum said i had a fever ad now i feel a headache  i welcome you fever dreams "
sick |d derp what a delay that was
in so much pain right now   n  not even funny man 
there are no kangaroos in austria 
baskin robbins once made ketchup ice cream 
awa it  was  ah-maz-zing 83           and thats all i got to say 'bout dat 
walked around downtown atlanta with <propfirst> and her mum     need to go there more often man
the darlek race is superior   we shall take over the univeeeeeerse 
"\wait what is that what does that mean?\""\",2b18eaa84f8f77e35a3b1a8a2d5b3859,dude  :i da now lets you draw your comments like they do on tekigaki                                                        *spazum of epic joy zomaigawd* only problem is that it crappy muro and you cant even zoom in :i
got my dress for homecoming yesterday  annoyed  i like it no pics though x3
i cant freestyle and my lyrics are not tight in fact i think this rap has taken me two days to write  i think its kinda obvious that im not having fun ive got a head ache and i want to see my mum  turn off the music i want a cup of tea i want to see on the sofa and watch the bbc 
"why the hell did i choose to do a rap? i think i would prefer it if someone gave me a slap, would you mind if i took a little break?  ll only be a second i just want a piece of cake      hi im back and im already bored because this rapping is a challenge to which theres no reward, i promise i will never ever do a rap again the thought of anymore of this just makes me go insane "
hello world  i am <propfemale>  and i am an official troll 
"the first public twitter  booth opened up \wanna guess where at?\russia   laugh \stalin would not approve    tolstoy would "
"i feel tired  so so so tired  i wouldn't call it tired but just weary, worn out, overtaxed no     i just feel drained of all energy     whats wrong with me?"
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh  was looking forward to halloween  next year     doing a party 
blaaaarg m'sick     i blame <propfemale>
becoming more wise yet less intelligent 
is it odd that i sometimes get inspiration for drawings by sitting on my bathroom counter and staring menacingly into the mirror?
m'hm thats exactly what i said right before i back flipped into the sun
"privyet, kak dila? horosho? ploko?  ya ne  znayu   ya? ya iz englishki  ti iz ameriki   poka~ i like learning russian  laugh "
twilight:the worlds most e playful ensive toilet paper!
hey hoomans  it snowed yesterday  laugh  you just didn't get the missouri memo  coming home later today    
you dont need a license to drive a sandwich 
"o vreneli pray tell me wheres your home? my home is in switzerland, tis made of wood and stone!  it filled with oh so many lkes and springs~! yah ho ho tra la la yah ho ho tra la la yah ho ho tra la la"
russia won 2018 fifa whooooo~
today someone told me i was black on the inside  anyone want to elaborators on this? :'d
i throw my toast in the air sometime! singing ayooo this needs some mayooo
"saying hola does not mean you're spanish \saying bonjour does not mean you're french \saying ciao does not mean you're itallian \saying kon'nichiwa does not mean you're japanese \but saying the word: spiffing, does mean your british "
everyone! go out and do crap today! awesomeness doesn't just make itself you know!!
drove a car today  didnt get past 10 mph ~  love  but i learned drive reverse and turn and i parked  laugh  i feel accomplished
murry chistmas~
happy boxing day chaps  annoyed 
its okay     im an artist *strokes fake beard wisely*
give a man a fire hes warm for the night  set a man on fire hes warm for the rest of his life 
children of the earth!!!       what is your school schedule? d smile  please i need someone to talk to  or ill go insaaaane 
i wanted to give him something out of my own pocket    which just happens to be where your wallet is at 
"just watched the poltergeist     lol  \they're heeeere!\"""""
russian guy rambling in russian   listen to it and it becomes my lullaby |d
i am not wrong  it is the simple fact that my opinion from the general public's differ  simple as that my friends 
"the space is there  how you chose to fill it makes the difference  i filly my space with nothing, and nothing is everything "
watching <propfemale>  love 3333
i bloody love my profile picture  love 
no school marrow
im am the rice maker >d taught by the korean master of rice~!
"um yes, i have a friend here, his name is slicer, and um he would like to have a conversation with your neck  ill let you two get acquainted   laugh  k bye"
i put the fun in funeral~
suddenly  100 bucks richer 
"\i have a weird feeling that i keep a diary for somebody else rather than myself \"" ~nina lugovskaya also known as the <propfemale> <propfirst> of stalins russia"""
"dear internet,\       with your cats, your trolls, and everything in between, ive gotten rather bored of you  is there nothing new to bring to the table? does this mean im quitting you? of course not, however you need to come up with new material   i challenge you to entertain me "
"the maze runner is an awesome book, i  highly suggest you humans read it  laugh   short chapters and made up slang and an interesting plot  smile "
there will never be world peace  because there will always be people like me 
why are you people up its two in the morning  why am i up you ask? just going though some depression  laugh  maybe at most three people will care but you know its fun to complain thats why its human nature to do so 
dentistry of dentisification  3  merp
*watching doctor who season 5  laugh  oh yes*
<propfemale> took my nose i suppose  and it really blows! get it? it really blows  my nose  taken by <propfemale>  i suppose   do you have my nose   ?
how can the world end in 2012 if i have canned green beans for 2013?
lets show our support for the egyptian people by spending twice as much time o the internet today 
does it make me retarded that i cant hardly read the recaptcha?
okay ow  n  second degree burn on mah finger
pirates of the caribbean 4
next cosplay: lord inglip
lol today was such a successful day minus the fact my head hurts because a person i really do forgive     tackled me  laugh   end <propfirst> mays
ew i feel bad  n 
"\great ball of steel fire in a window sill\"" - me when i banged my <propfemale> on a desk today"""
"me: iiiiiiiii've got a cheesecake   in my hand  cb\mum: lovely "
d< some one tell me what i should draw i really hate <propmale> block
drama class was epic today gunna post the pictures why very soon   
ornery    is my new favorite word 
"guess the song: i'm walking to the something, bla bla bla bla bla bla collapse  im drinking too much bla bla, bla bla bla bla bla  fall out "
the latest oddity from me: burnt popcorn in chocolate pudding 
"i cant remember who got me into it, but homestuck has because the most epic comic i have ever read :'d my newest obsession"
ive been having so many headaches lately  3  whats up with this?
??it's three days late but i'm going to thank my auspistice for keeping me sane~ ??
gunna colour my hair black today for no reason whatsoever  laugh 
alright people ive come to a crossroad; should i dye my hair black permanently or not? because spraying works for nothing d<
tomorrow is  kismesis day~ remember to tell them how much you hate them  love <
"the wider my eyes, the bigger i smile the more i hate you  love  this is only correct if im calm however i cant control that when im bouncing off the walls "
*has an austrian jacket and therefore is cooler than anyone who doesnt have an austrian jacket or isnt austrian*
the marrow will be so lovely 
black hair moe'suckra 
cant burn down my house   if its made of fire 
mothergrubbing miracles bro       love 
okay question if you were hiking in the woods deep deep in the <propmale> and you suddenly really need to use the bathroom but everything around you is nothing but poison <propfemale> bushes  however you come upon this toilet  in the middle of a small clearing working and all but your unsure why is so far out in the middle of no where  my question is would you use this suspicious toilet or go suck it up behind a poison <propfemale> bush?
r i p  toris i       hello toris  ii  smile 
whew one day of momocon down one to go 
oh  my  jegus  im soooooo bloody tired  but i  basically made three new epic arse friends   i warned you about stairs bro  i told you dog 
"for those who are awesome enough to read homestuck    \ajksaf <propfemale> what the - d8"
youtube y u no load properly? (????)?
im so lame  8|
? today is capricorn day everyone must type like this   surprise ) honk honk 
? today is  aquarius day  double your vv's and ww's  im not goin to vvery wwell kill you am i glub
today     is a very mono toned day     
"today is, uhhh, taurus day  and ,uhhh, you should totally speak like this  for rufiooooooooooo "
"well i did it went from 184 friends to 80  got rid of 5 rp accounts, 17 people ive never even met 4 accounts for pets (wth   ) and a bunch of other people who i knew but really werent friends with, or just mutual friends  so if your the remaining 80 your either a friend   or a family member |d"
"\bird poop in the mouth is always a surprise \""? -<propmale> benzine"""
whhhhy hussie whhhhy? why must you torment me so and then go off and kill the bloody main character? akdjasfh *sobs forever*  this is too early for this kind of drama hussie
why      does lard    smell pleasant   yet extremely unpleasant   at the same time? why do i sound high   ?
