f2e9f176270edace21b949f2a91d7e43
"<propfemale> markey is one of the greatest ladies i have ever had the privilege of knowing   she had a great laugh that was so infectious-you couldn't resist it!  i will miss her grin, she always wore it-it lit up her whole face   but the best part of <propfemale> was her enormous capacity for love, she had the biggest heart of anyone i know   i loved her dearly and will miss her so much   the world is a dimmer place now "
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!  may the new year see your fondest wishes and dreams fulfilled  may it be happy, healthy and be filled with the people that you love, that love you and bring you happiness  remember to hug your family and friends and smile at strangers-you never know who may need that little lift the most "
thank you to all of my friends and family for the birthday wishes! it helps to cheer up this old decrepit mind body of mine!  wink  you have all made my day!
"thanks again everyone for your birthday wishes! i've come to dread my birthday for a number of reasons, and i gotta tell you, all of these sweet cute funny comments really made a difference! i thank you most sincerely!"
is it ever going to stop friggin raining? i hate this weather with a passion!
have you heard about the bird? everybody knows that the bird is the word! yeah!
waiting for the weekend    is it too early to pine like this?
happy friday everyone! have a great weekend and stay warm!                                     rip mr salinger
"waiting on my new nephew! come on down <propfirst>, you're the next birth on the adams family tree!"
"everyone got their snowboots and shovels ready   again? ugh! stay warm friends, and please keep your fingers crossed for my sister in law and brother   still waiting on the baby!"
"roads are nasty nasty, i've been out already, and it took tj 45 minutes to get from out house to 76  pasd has a 2 hour delay!  be careful all!"
added some new pics of the kids-enjoy!
my baby made the honor roll! he's kickin butt and takin names   so proud of him!
"thinkin i'm really snowed in here, gotta 2 foot and growing drift at the back door and an 18 inch drift at the front and growing! trapped in the house   cabin fever setting in    think i'll start cooking!"
"hey guys! i need 4 harnesses, 2 horse shoes, 6 nails, and 4 boards to finish this damn horse barn  i somehow lost a bunch of gifts from my generous friends  this stupid update has screwed me up  i can't upload pictures right now and am losing stuff all ove rthe place  anyone else having this problem?"
"i hate the school system   keep your kid home if they are sick, but let's penalize them for being home  frustrated!!!!!!!!!"
have a groovy night everyone! i'm done fighting with the new fb  wish they would just leave it the hell alone!
my sister in law is in labor! it's baby day!!!! please keep your fingers crossed for a safe delivery for <propfirst> and a healthy baby!
my nephew is here! born 10 surprise 7am! healthy & strong! <propfirst> <propfirst> adams
"heading out to begin round one of me vs  the snow  come on people, chant with me, i hate snow!   i hate snow!   i hate snow!"
"alas, the snow has defeated me    just kiddin! i've been out every hour on the hour shovelin my lil heart out! it's coming down so fast i cannot believe it! i'm sure i'll be weeping over a sore back shoulders tomorrow, but it'll be worth it when i'm not out there digging out 2 feet worth of this nasty crap!"
it looks like i woke up and somehow my home has warped to the yukon!
going out with the little man to dig a fort in the snow! doesn't that sound like way more fun than shoveling? hopefully it won't cave in on me!
is it me or does it look like its gonna snow today? its all cloudy and icky lookin  i swear if it snows again today i'm crawling under my bed and not coming out again until may! except for periodic trips to see <propfirst>!
does anyone know where the flea market in quakertown is?
"got my feet up, wine in hand, movie on the box, not shoveling a damn flake, and not moving till tomorrow! any takers?"
watching the best worst movie! mega shark vs  giant octopus! thanks to my brother for the recommend  fantastic!
"maybe, just once, someone will call me 'ma'am' without adding, 'you're making a scene '"
dwell in possibility -<propfemale> dickenson
"nothing is more pride inducing or frustrating than wat<propfemale>g your child put their head up and <propfemale> out to deal with a problem on their own  especially when all you want to do is scoop them up, cuddle them close and then kill the people that made them hurt in the first place  i'm not sure what's more difficult: achieving adult hood or helping your kids get there  i feel a poll on   any takers?"
"aaahhhhh, the weekend is here!"
"monday, monday, can't trust that day monday, monday,, ometimes it just turns out that way    every other day, every other day  every other day of the week is fine, yeah!  but whenever monday comes, but whenever monday comes a-you can find me cryin all the time!"
all i can say is at least it's not snow!
"a thousand poets dreamed a thousand nights, and then you were born"
never interrupt your enemy when he's making a mistake   -napolean bonaparte
"seriously, more snow? i mean come on! where the hell am i living, the yukon?"
"to my farmville friends: i lost all the gifts you sent me b c of the problems they're having! be careful opening your stuff today, just in case  so annoying!"
"they're coming to take me away, ha-haaa!! they're coming to take me away, ho-ho, hee-hee, ha-haaa to the funny farm  where life is beautiful all the time and i'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats and they're coming to take me away, ha-haaa!!!!!"
"since i'm going nutty stuck in the house again, can someone help a girl out and raise my barn? please? link is just a bit below! thanks much and enjoy a nice friday night curled up on the couch under a great blanket, wine in one hand and remote in the other! ahhh-nirvana"
"my little man's on facebook, now i cant get near the laptop! why did i do that? lol!"
i need a little more help e playful anding my barn and chicken coop- please help a girl out! you can find the links on my profile <propfemale>! thanks fellow farmers! i'll happily reward you with the gift of your choosing   just shoot me a message with what you want  thank ou all in advance for your aid! have a good day!  smile 
"can anyone offer me a few tips on photo shop? working on a project, something special and i need help! any takers? is there a free download? is it easy? with miniimum direction i can follow   thanks all!"
please pray for my son    he needs the strength to get through the next several days   please 
one of <propmale>'s closest friends killed himself yesterday  this is a nightmare! i thank all of you for your prayers support  the days to come will be so hard for this boy's twin and his parents as well as all of his friends  so very sad
come on friday! you can do it!
"cullen is playing x-box live, the kid he's playing against did something incredibly stupid and cullen yells out, \what are you some kind of <propfirst> cut-corners\""? lmao! where do they come up with this stuff?"""
"waiting for the sun, waiting for the sun, waiting for the sun!!!"
"unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality  -<propfemale> dickinson"
is trying to find meaning   
"i'm so happy! i am getting to see my little nephew today!  smile  on the same turn, i'm so bummed because i haven't seen my other nephews and niece in so long  i miss them so much   i wish we lived closer so i could scoop them into a big hug more often   sad "
truly cherishing that extra hour we got saturday!
"television    mother, teacher, secret lover!"
i need 4 tiles 4 windows and 5 vines  thanks
"good morning starshine, the earth says hello!"
"hey farmville buddies! i don't need any more boards, i do need 4 tiles, 4 windows and 3 vines! thank you for all of your help! be sure to let me know what you require   enjoy this gorgeous day!"
happy st  paddy's day!
"\wine is constant proof that god loves us and loves to see us happy \"" -<propmale> <propmale>"""
"sometimes you just gotta say, what the f**k"
"everyone needs to find the person that is their true north-the one thats their safe harbor  when the winds blow to send them in the wrong direction  everyone should know this kind of love, comfort and contentment  knowing that together you can keep the boat yar, when <propfemale> seas come  i have found my harbor, my true north   i love you t j  always and all ways  my wish? may all of you find yours "
so friggin sick of this weather  i really need some sun 
peace        and chicken!
here comes the sun    here comes the sun and i say     it's all right!
who the hell invented april fools day-and why is my son obsessed with pranking me every 5 minutes?  it's gonna be a looooong day!
aaahhhhh    friday!
"spent easter outside with my tj, in-laws, sons, niece & nephews: huntin for easter eggs, playing on the swings, blowin bubbles, catching up with my brother sister in law!-had a wonderful day from start to finish! i love days like that!  not to mention the amazing food <propfemale> cooked from scratch! yummmmmm"
<---smiling    it's a beautiful day!
"iti's not the blows we are dealt, but the ones we survive that matter "
"<---wants to climb into bed, pull the covers over my head and stay there for, oh, i dont know, maybe a month or so  sigh  i want a day where there is no drama, nothing happens that makes my heart stop for a minute, and is uneventful  i just know days like that exist somewhere "
"\happiness is never an accident  it is the prize we get when we choose wisely from life's great stores \""- <propfemale> dunne"""
we can't stop here   this is bat country!
<propfemale> la cannabis!
it's finally here!
here's hoping for a good week  never a good sign when it opens with a nasty rainy monday  sigh  sending a plea to the universe to help a sister out 
can't wait! going to spend the day with my nephew  i cannot think of a better way to start my weekend!!!  love  i love my nephews and niece! don't get to spend enough time with them-so this is a real gift 
trying to figure out where i went wrong  especially sucks on such a beautiful day like this  wtf
"yesterday was our 20th anniversary! most people bet we'd never make a year, let alone 20, so it is with no small measure of pride that we celebrated our day! so few people have the pleasure honor of still liking and loving each other & having the passion that tj and i enjoy! so to my dearest friend & lover: thank you for sharing your life with me! always and all ways yours!"
