127e09a164c9f8b49eaab721523d6a08
hmm   bored   so i guess swimming is what i'll be doing
going to <propfemale> out with the ss gang tonight  should be fun
had a blast with my friends!   too bad it quickly went away when drama was brought my way   my great night has now been ruined 
home from a boring day at work  tomorrow is just a repeat
had a lot of fun at the beach  but now sunburned   
"text conversation- me: \i'm tired\""                           person: \""what does that mean?                           me: \""it means i'm tired   ?\""                           person: \""oh\"" my thought: wow    really??"""
home from work  it was fun i guess  laugh  
"go usa! makes me want to just jump into the tv, into the game, and play"
going to work  text me to make it less boring  smile 
everyday you learn something about somebody  a lot being shocking
today was a lot of fun  laugh 
is feeling the workout from the gym the other day  especially after not working out in forever
home early from work
"home early from work  got a small back massage before i left from a lady because she wanted a hug, so i gave her one lol  so she gave me the back massage in return  smile "
well today has just gotten better and better     annoyed 
work time  yayy   
wants to go to the gym
is confused quite a bit  telling myself to figure it out!
just blacked out   haha wow
<propmale> potter was amazing!! can't wait for the next one
finally figuring things out  laugh  and -completely- happy with the decision i made  no matter how much i'm getting rudely talked to by a certain someone  just doing what's best  he can get over himself  smile 
had a pretty good day today  smile 
interesting day at work
just another day of work  what's tomorrow's plan???   work
has been a happy person lately  laugh 
home from work
"is home from work  ya know, giving your number out to a complete stranger is pointless  nothing will ever come to it  so people, stop giving me your number  please and thank you  haha  playful "
had so much fun last night  smile 
today sucked  work all day tomorrow  9 hours at a grocery store  yay fun 
shutting down the computer to get away from lame computer guys  text me  smile 
home from school
is home from work  it actually was pretty good  free drink and <propfemale> always makes work great  maybe i'll do some homework to get it done before the weekend 
just finished all her homework  finally   only took all day
"\give me your eyeballs so i can hold them in my hands \"" haha wow   nikki can be pretty strange sometimes   well actually all the time"""
"thinks tonight was a good one  football team actually won *gasp!*, the band did good  smile , and <propmale> out with some great friends  laugh "
work time  yay for working u-scan for 8 hours 
thinks my butt is severely bruised  those darn bleachers hurt after a while
going running around the block  smile  yay!
home from work  stayed and talked to <propmale>  even got my phone stolen  but got it back thankfully  much thanks to <propmale> and that lady who got my phone back!!!
cop came up to work today  had a paper with 6 different suspects on it  he made me choose who i thought took my phone and the guy i chose was the guy they had  smile   they got that guy in jail  laugh   the guy also had warrants for two other cities hahahahaaha  worked 10 hours today 
is home from work  crazy busy!! short-handed and super busy is not a good mix at all  i worked u-scan the whole time  so 4 lanes of people asking for help at once is irritating 
got to eat chinese on my break at work today  smile    we all felt like ordering something so a lot of us ordered us some chinese  and boy was it good  it was a lot to eat though  so didn't eat it all   
well today was the most boring day at work ever  ugh 5 minutes felt like an hour   
finally home from work  start a new class tomorrow    just poured me a full glass of juice and it's super disgusting  i thought it was something else  sad 
closing the store tonight  this should be interesting 
home  eat  go to work
whose line is it anyway guest starring <propfirst> simmons=hilarious!!!
made a 102 on my math test wednesday  laugh ! woohoo! saw a puppy that was sooo cute that i want so bad  wish the adoption didn't require a fence to have  i will find a way to get that puppy
got stuck in a group in psychology with three other guys who don't like to do work or anything  hopefully they do a -little- something 
"the guys pulled it together and did a decent job on the presentation  smile    well, we saved the trouble for one guy and he just said the title  that was a good idea "
work was   interesting  tomorrow night should be lots of fun  laugh 
"went to see paranormal activity instead of going to nightmare on the bayou  that movie is super scary!! i got tears in my eyes, i was so scared  i heard n o t b  wasn't even worth it anyway lol "
went to the movies after work tonight with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  had fun!  smile    got twinkies after  laugh    yum yum yumm
<propmale> out with <propfemale> and had so much fun  smile 
adopted a puppy today! he's so cute and he's all mine!!
work called and left a message asking if i could come in early  i don't think i will  i did yesterday  don't want to today  
sooo   my cute little puppy chewed up my laptop battery charger chord last night  sad   
is happy  smile 
likes how things are going  smile 
tonight was fun with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  got <propfirst> good  smile     again lol  there's never a time i don't have fun with them 
looking forward to a fun night ahead  laugh 
had a fun night  smile 
had an awesome night tonight  laugh 
work was boring  but   really liked getting a visit from somebody  smile 
finally home  walked outside of work to find that my car was an icecube  literally    it was all sparkly lol  and couldn't even roll down my window cause it was frozen shut haha 
had an awesome birthday last night  smile 
finally got my laptop back  laugh  yay!
started cleaning and now i can't stop   
accomplished quite a few things today   except the biggest thing needed to be accomplished  i'll try again tomorrow hopefully
great night     smile 
e playful ecting this new year to be filled with lots more achievements and excitement  wayy more than the old year!  smile 
"home from the gym  smile    is it bad to say i hope i get sore? if i do, then i know i had a good workout lol"
interesting day at work  a customer bought me a dozen roses
"hates having to do three essays in one night for a test the next day, in addition to the 75 multiple choice questions"
hopes tomorrow will be significantly better  the complete opposite of today  have a headache   have to get up early for work   yayy   
cut my finger nail reallllyyy really bad last night  almost no more nail  crying    pretty much hurts lol
why is work so boring?!?! how does being bored make me hyper??  well that's pretty much how it was at work lol 
determined to get the car  i can do it  smile 
glad i left work with people laughing at me  why do i have to be so ticklish??
so much for going and playing a little soccer later   ugh rain  
so bored!   
work was goin pretty good until the end  complete downfall    oh well i guess
   the fish that smiles back   goldfish!  smile  yummy
bad day turned worse=extremely bad day  sad 
going to be a lonngggg day todayy   
"haven't worked in forever, and the day i have to work again, i don't want to go   sighh"
home from work  nobody home  sad    what to do?? bored  
"can dogs lose their voice from too much barking?? well, i doubt it  wish my dog would though   he barks wayyy too much at nothing for 20 minutes straight  not very peaceful "
completely bored with nothing to do  fanntassticcc
"\lets flip a coin! heads you're mine  tails i'm yours!\""  smile """
-so- glad to be home from work! got in trouble nonstop the whole 8 hours i was there   even the customers were being really rude  i wasn't even doing anything wrong   ughh!!
what a day it has been   
 laugh 
"overall, today was a pretty good day  wink "
today just needs to be done already   
"\whose line is it anyway\"" always makes everything better  smile """
i so did not put all those on here   !!
had a funnn night with <propfemale>! always crazzyy fun when we're together ha
"\are you sure this water's sanitaryy?? it looks questionable to mee \"" - tarzan\",127e09a164c9f8b49eaab721523d6a08,i just cannot get myself to get this artwork done   my mind is just refusing to try and get it done   
smiley  smile 
pulled an all nighter working on my final project in <propmale>  didn't go to bed until 5 smile 0 this morning and got up for my 8 o' clock class  don't know what energy is keeping me up  need some cause i have work 2-10   then another all nighter writing 3 essays  joy   
finally got my chinese food i've been craving     smile 
"rain, you have stayed past your welcome  it is time for you to leave    it's time for sun to come"
home  now gotta get up for the same place i just left at 6 a m 
absolutely can't wait until i can get a new phone! this one is making me angry
ugh!! no phone   it died and won't turn back on   !
"ups   fedx   whoever is delivering my phone, needs to put the pedal to the metal and get here now"
in a good mood  laugh 
had a fun night hangin out and catchin up with some awesome friends  smile 
is now an official floor supervisor   next thursday is my first day supervising by myself  they say i'll do great   i'm scared lol
haha <propfirst> <propfirst> just fell on his butt on whose line is it anyway! haha
in colorado  leave for south <propfemale> tomorrow morning   
"back in colorado from south <propfemale>  it was beautiful there  saw mt  rushmore, crazy horse mountain, stood on wounded knee hill, and more  "
home from colorado
"a lady tipped over bbq ribs to scan  calls me to clean it  i see theres bbq all over scanner & floor  im cleanin her mess  she got impatient  says she wants to move reg  gets mad im not done  scanned the rest&finish cleanin  she calls again sayin it wont let her pay  said hit pay now  says she paid  i say no, hit the button  she denies  said i know, hit the button! finally walk over, hit the button i told her to push"
"eventful day i guess  crazy day at work   person quit in the middle of checking somebody out, who was also my only checker at the time, and was also backed up    then went to see my best friend in the hospital, then swimming, then up to work again to talk ha  "
 sad 
just got home  had a funnn nighttt  smile 
go usa!! beat nigeria!! way to go <propmale>!!!! movinnn on up!  laugh 
"how is it that i can be so tired, yet still can't go to sleep??   "
"just doesn't make sense to me how people can support and do so much for others, but don't get the same in return"
"funnn nightttt last night  got home reaaallyyy late  then it wasn't so great   buttt, still had lots of fun anyway  interesting ha   "
fianlly got a new phone!!  laugh  the other one finally went through its last life   
i'm about to have a rain party if i continue to be bored and it keeps raining like it is   
didn't even go to sleep last night and had to be at work at 6 a m   yayy
pulled an all nighter again  this time i didn't go to sleep until 8 this morning  no more venti frappuccinos for me   
ughhhhh   
falling   
can't wait to get off work  blahhh!!!!
wishes 1 a m  was sooner than it actually is   
favorite demo lady is here at work  smile 
"\what you thought\""    lol ha  playful """
tonight went from great and fun to completely horrible   
can't do this  why is it so easy for him??  
realized i lost some weight  had to move my belt from the 4th notch to the 5th  
love and basketball ?   good movie  smile 
work all day  annoyed     so nothing fun happening today   
wants to start working out again   
people make it so hard for me to keep being nice   
i just love my car  its the best  it never breaks down   *sarcasm*
i'm going crazy with all of these papers i am having to write!!!
"what a day   been out all day  got a good workout in, did a little shoppin, and saw an awesome movie  ending the day with a good note  smile "
can't believe how picky my english teacher is! nothing we do seems to please her 
"me on the inside, and me on the outside are e playful eriencing two different mind sets"
work is going by soooo slowww  but at least i'm off in an hour  can't go have fun and play pool after cause of stupid early class  sighhh lol
mmmmm   oreos  smile 
"i'm gonna invent a computer that i can just tell what my assignment is, what my papers are over, and it just write them for me  that sounds like a very good idea to me "
some teachers have no business in teaching a class
tonight sucked majorly!! you don't even know! i'm so mad!!
kristen annoyed hey," this game is improving my vocabulary!   \""\"127e09a164c9f8b49eaab721523d6a08,work was hilarious tonight! lol ha  playful 
somehow got into watching the basketball game instead of doing homework
a new car is rrreeaallllyyyy lookin like a good idea at this point 
work was so much fun tonight!!! i can't even tell you how many balloon animals i made! thanks to this 7 year old girl who taught me how to make them haha  laugh    i was laughin all night long  smile 
home from work  pretty much sucked big time   people realllyyy irritate me sometimes  some more than others   
so sore!!
"truth is, some people never take that maturity path  "
short shifts are great when it is so busy at work  not so great to come home and have to write 2 papers  yayyyy what fun
cotton <propfemale> ice cream= yummm  laugh 
"tonight was -ridiculous- at work! the new csm left me with nobody  my last sacker left at 7:45  it was so busy  after i audited all the registers -past- the time i was supposed to get off, i had to bring one back out  i had to stay and do 3 hours worth of returns by myself pretty much  then helped clear lot  plus someone walking out and quitting while i was doing that  sighh  i just love my job so much"
looks like i'll be finishing up this semester with just 3 classes instead of 4  english class sucks  can't do 6 papers in only a couple days   ugh this sucks   
"today must be my lucky day! got the weekend to try and finish my english research paper project that was supposed to be due today but the teacher thought it was due tuesday, and i'm finally up to $4,510 saved up!! whoop whoop yeaaaa!  laugh "
"finally! i'm done with my english project  now, only if my stupid printer would work right, i could print the thousands of papers i need to print out \sighh  just have to think, only a couple weeks left and it's all over   "
"really, really do not like cold weather at all!"
"mmm mmmm, oreo ice cream cake  laugh "
"while everyone is watching the football game, what am i doing?? writing english papers   yayy what fun  i can kinda hear the game in the other room, but have no idea what's going on  and from my borther's reactions, it seems interesting  "
"can't just sit around and deal with it anymore  it's gone wayyy too far  i can't believe i held up with it this long  just never want to go back  as much as i respect and be nice, it's useless "
"really, really don't want to go to work  will not be a good day  i can already tell just by knowing what is to come "
had a good day and good night  very much needed  hangin out with great friends all night gave me a break from reality for a while  smile 
<propfemale> was here yaaaayyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lol
note: never get two philly cheese foot longs and two orders of fries for yourself unless you're really hungry  so full!! wasn't really hungry and ate all except half of the second philly cheese   woww
"trying to figure out people is like a super hard mathematical problem that takes too many pages messily filled front and back, all over, from trying to solve "
"today was fun all day!  smile    shopped, danced my way into buying shoes  playful  hahaha hilarious!  ,then to play pool! funnnn dayy!  smile "
i'm liking this fitness class i have  smile  !!
"really feelin the workout in fitness class yesterday  i feel so old, barely able to move without pain lol  it's obvious i haven't worked out in a while lol"
"\doesn't that open up a can of worms?!\""  a phrase my government teacher said wayyy too many times during class """
"okay, so now that i'm in the right fitness class, i think it's boring  i wanna go back to the other one, where it's just all working out "
online math sucks! just not doin the rest sounds like a good idea to me
"so my csm made me soooo mad tonight  well, he always does, but tonight he really did  and he knew very well how angry i was  i let him know"
not likin this wind and cold at all! almost got blown away every time going to my car  even my car almost got swept away!! haha 
gonna be staying in la marque tonight  smile 
"it's peanut butta jelly timeee! peanut butta jelly timee! do the peanut butta jelly, peanut butta jelly, peanut butta jelly with a baseball cap! do the peanut butta jelly, peanut butta jelly, peanut butta jelly with a footballl cap! (really fast)! lol haha  playful "
"got layers of clothes on, huge jacket on, and under blankets  something is definitely wrong with that!"
"\never again will i jeopardize  that's a promise that i'll memorize  real love never dies \"""""
"dang, cope were out tonight   seen like 4 on the way home   they're looking for me! always are  haha"
heck yea! that's right packers!  smile 
ughh  dropped my phone going to class this morning  now the corner part of the screen is cracked  fantastic  
"okay, so my washing machine can't decide if it wants to wash my clothes or not  it keeps stopping  i would prefer them to be washed  sighhhh"
those things you just wish and hope for   so uncontrollably mind consuming and frustrating to not be able to predict  
"who knew i'd ever, in my college career, be staying up late to write up a \required\"" cheat sheet for a test    """
sooo tiredddd   45 hours of work this week is puttin up a fight   just gotta keep thinkin bout the big check i'll be gettin
well how stupid is that  who made the rule that you can't get in the gym without a com id  now gotta go back home to get it just to sit in a classroom for 1 hr
share these delicious cookies and creme chocolate cupcakes with my brother??  mmm don't think so  playful 
"got skype? i do! well already had skype, just forgot i had it hahahaha  playful "
wow really?! this stupid girl barely missed hitting my car real bad changing lanes  barelyyy clipped the back of my car  someone needs to retake driving school
just got home  went and played pool after work  smile    had lots of funnnn!  smile 
"wow, people have gone crazy today! haha"
"ugh, so much for goin to class   can't wait to buy a new car!"
tonight wasn't bad at work  though someone had to ruin it on the way home  gonna go play pool and have fun and forget about it
wants to go to the aquarium and eat their amazing cheesecake ha  smile    who wants to take me?? lol haha
"thought it was hilarious earlier today  leaving the kroger parking lot after getting my check, i was waiting for the car in front of me to move  while waiting, i saw this guy loading stuff into the bed of a work truck  when he closed it, the right tail light completely fell off  i was laughing in my car watching him try and put it back on and lookin at his coworker hoping he doesn't notice  tooo funnyyyy"
"i love how i'm outside and my parents walk out and freak out sayin i have somethin on my leg, then laugh at me for spazzin out  then to realize it was all just a joke they played  lol sighhh"
tonight was interesting   
fun night playin pool after work  crazy people lol ha  smile 
ugh  stomach is killing me  make it go away!!
mannnn! 3 cops showed up next door with guns pulled out and my neighbor with his hands up
wants to see that movie rango  if it's any good  
so very bored  better not be this bored at all this whole week
"gonna treat myself to a little shoppin, then i dunno what   i think i can say i deserve it  smile  lol"
after goin to sleep at 8 am and waking up at 12   i don't know how i'm still awake haha
ugh no checks?! i needed it  annoyed    better come later
"so, it would be great if people weren't so irritating"
sweets + music = not the best idea for me this late haha
yayyy for short shifts at work!   laugh 
it's irritating knowing the fact that there's those people who will just never change even though they know what they do is wrong 
poool!!! fun funnn!  smile 
was supposed to write all these papers and read all these chapters over spring break  did i do any of it??   nope  do i plan on doin it  mmm nope 
"today turned out to be a good day  smile    no work today, yummy dinerrrr, and a good movie on tv to watch   can't complain  smile "
look at me now  smile 
nothin like listenin to music   can't ever go wrong ?
tiredddd and confuseddd  stayed up too late and having super boring classes in the morning  boring classes and teacher + really sleepy = not a good mix
ughhh tonight was just not my night  and it actually wasn't really because of work  never trust and believe a liar until they truly and really prove they changed  don't get your hopes up though  most won't change
new vision  setting out  peace!!!
"home  fun night lol  apparently i'm goin to <propfirst>'s when my birthday comes and getting covered in whip cream, hot fudge and alll these ice cream sundae toppings and dancing on the tables lol ahaha  yea good luck with that lol  crazyyyy peopleee!"
wow jj! somebody is on a wall post liking attack lol ha   here's one more to add to all the others lol ha
"work went by sooooooo slowwwwwwwww!! i had a feeling it would, and yupppp, i was right  glad to be off  laugh "
"so didn't go to first class  went to second class and we had a sub  he waits til everyone got there and seated sayin our teacher left us a note  he writes on the board sayin \class has been cancelled\""   really?? couldn't leave a note on the door? at least he kinda made it humorous lol"""
happy birthdayyy to my cuz <propmale>!!  smile  hope it's great and have fun cuzzz!!  laugh 
"ugh, missed dinner earlier cause i came home and crashed  annoyed    now i'm starving and everything has already been put in the fridge  guess i'll have to reheat  blahh"
sometimes it's just best not to care  caring and not getting anything in return gets old  and i'm all up for only new
noooo!! it's time for work  ugh! people need to keep me company so i won't go crazy from customers and boredom
needs a bigger variety of snacks to snack on   need to have lots of choices to choose from lol ha
literature class is making me go crazy!
soooooooo gladddd to be home from workkk! thank god i'm off tomorrow  feels like it's been foreverrr since i've been off!
omg! it's so embarrasing when you send a text to the wrong person! especially when it's something they don't need to hear! lol  yea that just happened to me    annoyed 
"monica: \i just wanted to get in his man panties   \"" hahahaha!"""
sooooo   who wants to go to my class for me in the morningggg??? i sure don't wanna  plus it might be better if someone else went for me anyway  somebody else might actually understand what the teacher is talkin bout  cause i don't  any takers?? lol
"shake it shake it to the <propfemale>  show em show em how ya roll  drop it drop it drop it low    \so boreddd  "
pool was fun  now watchin stomp the yard 2  smile 
"work just wants me to move here and go insane   2 more weeks could come any faster, please  "
feels like getting away again  and i know the perfect place  smile    maybe soon i will go  smile 
wants to go to the gymmm   needs to make time to go
ughhh  sad    i wish this dizziness would go away already!
