eba57923599741d0b30876afeab6bbd0
will be looking for a new roommate shortly 
"if the world stopped spinning, would it still suck?"
"if you were a superhero, who would it be?"
"hmm  simple words  i wuv ya with an l  \if my heart can scream it'd have its own band \some days loneliness eats you to the bone  then gnaws at it for a while  \the feeling of worthlessness isn't one to be trifled with by yourself  bring friends n n\some days shes my world  other days, my universe, but now shes my vanity \i love my mind  it's creative, and stingy  all mine   playful "
you aren't that same girl that i fell in love with years ago  now your this girl that i fall in love with every day  ~devon m~ unanimously
things that drive one insane also can be the end of themselves 
"exile breaths heavily down the neck of the burdened sun as the night approaches its glorious moment, where its time to shine begins till its moments arrived to leave the endless sky "
its story time  for all you that ive told  you know what i mean  wink 
"true love doesn't have a happy ending, it's because true love doesn't have an ending "
thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday n n it really means a lot!
ralates to the music of linkin park 
"frisbee golfing with <propfemale>, anyone else want to go txt or call me, 352 318 6136"
i'm flying! i'm flying! quick! flying tacos! evasive maneuvers! no worries i got's my roflcopter  b-)
all i've ever wanted was an honest week's pay for an honest day's work 
"if i were to turn back time, it would have to be when i was the happiest  a few years ago  when i had a reason to be happy  how about everyone else t t?"
much groove for an epic move 
i've been told i look like many different types of movie stars   im just curious of who thinks i look like someone and who?
tron legacy sends exciting tingles down my spine 
"woot rain  such a wonderful piece of relaxation, wait fu*k i left my windows down, \damn you nature!\""  annoyed #"""
"if only i had a leash and 60 foot of red-vine with 2 gallons of pudding and a freezer full of blueberry waffles, on a pedal powered go-cart with a sun roof   id be set "
"i just love how there is no one on at 7am  playful    \friends online - no one is online \""\",eba57923599741d0b30876afeab6bbd0,why be difficult when with a bit of effort you can be impossible!
so   im having my hair dyed   i wonder what it'll look like 
haha! awesomeness 
"if at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence you tried "
haikus are easy  but sometimes they don't make sense  refrigerator 
"who was the first to see a cow and think \i wonder what will happen if i squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?\"" o 0?"""
i'll have to think twice about it before i give it a second thought 
"as i said before, i never repeat myself "
error  keyboard not found  press any key to continue   
"they say hard work never hurts anybody, but why take the <propmale>?"
i destroy zombies with hugs!  love 
ahh! the evil chibi penguins are attacking me with melted fuzzy gummybears!
yay i have successfully moved my battery to my trunk and running it from there  unfortunately im still unable to drive legally u u  but progress is made and happy am i  laugh  now for a well deserved shower ;p
going on a jpeg walk i found some interesting pictures lol 
gaining awesomeness e playful  points  one day at a time 
want to know what heaven is? try my pancakes  laugh 
"consciousness:  that annoying time between naps   fortunately, im napping  laugh "
"i had the best nap of my life, to bad i slept through it  wink "
is now the title of ia robot 
i love these dreams i keep on having  they give me nightmares 
ahh damn  i woke up early again  prolly gonna play a game or watch something till i crash again 
"what a day what a day  absolutely nothing bad happened at walmart today, how miserable   no one was trampled  no fights, no broken faces  how sad   laugh "
is happy  smile 
insert coin to view my status message 
"i had a nightmare  i was dreaming about sleeping, then this horrible thing happened  i woke up "
the animated revolution!
is taking a lazy day for himself  laugh 
lost my headphones not to long ago  i found em today!  laugh  needless to say theyre clean and still work after being in a washer 
"if life hands you lemons, don't bother making lemonade    just pelt them at someone you don't like!"
"woot haircut, still awake  playful  shower, then bed  ohh yes  bed  mmmm bed ~drools~"
i feel a bit chiiper today  laugh 
lmao looking for music  i come across some of the funniest things  annoyed 
is falling asleep at mcd's waiting for the postoffice to open  annoyed  music is my anti-derp  laugh 
still looking for a roommate so im checking on here first before i try craigslist or something else  annoyed 
i love being a geek  love   laugh 
