41c2a80bceb78eb3b09b65706e132822
"wishing my friends and family a wonderful new years, hope you are all doing well and are blessed tremendously!  smile "
"yes, i finally made a facbook (<propmale> did it actually)"
finally home from work  yay 
added some of my favorite quotes today   
watched movies and played section 8 all weekend   mission accomplished  bleh back to reality   
hope everyone has a wonderful night bringing in the new year! yay!  laugh 
christian gray    is my hero!!  laugh  hurray!!!
"changed my profile pic, via request   "
"i added new pictures, pets and car "
lil kittens make my heart giggle  smile 
my brother is a man hauss 
my sister is an atomic hauss bomb 
yes well   about that    have you this>   ;3
considering having the lower half (blue portions) of my car done in urban colored (gray) digital camoflauge   opinions? yes no?
if you happen to play world war on your smart phone   my code is yhkvwf you should ally with me  ok end propaganda   
"starcraft 2 is epic, now just to get a new laptop to play it on   scotty i choose you! go! lol   no really go "
"thank god for the one day off tomorrow, as the few hours left today dont count   who came up with working 5 and 6 days in a row anyway? i want them dead please, one box of cheese-its to the person who brings me their hide  ready   go   smile "
restarted p90x tonight yah!     ugh i feel sick     confidential 
"i bought myself an asus g72 laptop for my birthday  yay! it was e playful ensive yes, but how often do you buy a computer right? not to mention as usual i bought a really high end one, so it should last a long time, now i can play starcraft 2 in style! (i bought collectors edition too, im a lil excited   ) ok im done bragging  like this if you believe cool toys ftw   k thnx bai  wink "
"i beat starcraft 2 tonight, the world is a sad and hollow place! waiting 12 years to play a game and have it not end sure is annoying     sad "
"ya sooo i turn old today, 26 to be exact, and i didnt take off from work no, so ill be working in a few hours yay!  sad  awwww  ok thanks for lubs friends!"
"you should all be informed, that yesterday i watched all 3 lord of the rings movies in a row   and then watched the return of the <propmale> again  last week, i watched the original 3 <propfemale> wars in a row   and watched rotj twice   yes    im a sucker for marathons  point is, ive now done what people always say they  will, all 3 in a row  the end good morrow  smile "
added some pictures  yay  meh 
10:10 on 10-10-10 did you realize that it will never happen again? ever 
"really excited about skyline, tron and call of duty: black ops  i hate you october, end now please!"
"ok, so many of you may have your walls covered in yes no stuff, sorry i was bored! lub ;3"
"12 days!!! so freaking excited!!! if you know me, then you know what im talking about  wink  like this if your excited too!!!"
"saw red tonight, really enjoyed it  i recommend   wink "
happy thankful day   smile 
the skulls and crowns are beast  everyone should just go ahead and bow down now   
"ok, waited for tron to get reviews, looks like positive reaction   cant wait to go tonight 3d ftw!!"
"i fight for the user! i will now proceed to buy a motorcycle dress in black, jump it off a <propmale>, and para glide into the ocean   "
<propfemale> christmas friends and family! hope you have an excellent one!!!  laugh  yay!
christmas snow! hope you all had a good one!
snow!!! its sooo beautiful!!! (say with <propmale> doctor accent)
can anyone guess how excited i am being at work?! i'll give you a hint   really fricken excited   
my crazy friends and our all night adventures  =_= sooo tired   
"posted family christmas pics, no im not in them, im always the one taking them lol"
posted birthday pics of christians party and snow 
i love my clan mates   smile  you guys are the bestest! so much fun last night  (aka 5 minutes ago)
"so when i called my boss this morning to e playful lain i wouldnt be driving on ice, he was kind enough to come pick me up! yay, 3 hours down and 6 to go  extremelly busy too, like 1 or 2 people an hour   "
"got 3 fillings today, yay for fixed teeth! need another root canal and 2 crowns though   boo for jacked up teeth!  laugh   sad "
"play station 3 fixed! took most of my day but glad to have it done, and did it all my own  smile "
"<propfemale> and scotty: way too much  not one, not two, three times!"
= ( well   i lost the game  should have never looked it up 
thank you for finally showing up friday 
"went the whole day without my phone, did not like that    and then didnt like even more how much i felt like i needed it! darn you technology and your trickster ways!"
"passed my car inspection for tag renewel yesterday with a little preparation: nearly empty gas tank, half a bottle of alcohol, unplug battery to wipe memory of ecu clean (cars brain) pray fervantly and hope i dont throw any codes on the way to the station  passed the obd2 chck (they check the computers now) god and alcohol can get things done! (i removed my catalytic converter so to pass is quite the feat fyi)"
"played an april fools on myself, i was like i dont have to go to work today    yes i do haha april fools! silly person   "
