e8ce7cf264092896107967e20a479c1b
so i should definitely do my homework   but i dont want to   will be up at 9 doing everything thats due on monday   break is officially over  
yeah      i should be doing my homework now     and im making no progress      im gonna try and have this paper done by 8  
i hate pizza delivery people   they suck!!!!
chilling out  gonna do some psychology homework  mucho boring 
"so i think i want to go to hooters next week, and kd somewhere in there  but right now, i cant sleep "
all natural  i need to get my hair done  so bad 
so i dont know what to do  i feel helpless 
chilling with my cousin  text me so we can hanggggg   smile 
prank calling people  this is hilarious  too bad im hurting people's feelings in the process  oh well 
<propmale> <propmale> memorial service thursday 6 pm <propfemale> point 
a little calmer now  im glad i did that 
on the second <propfemale> of my three <propfemale> paper  bleh 
almost done with my paper  then i have to do stats  this sucks  sooo bad 
my birthday reservation is at 730 now instead of 700 if anybody is wondering   
yayyyyy birthdayyyyy  thanks for the birthday wishes everybody 
work at 7  until then   mucho chill timeeee 
work at 7 again  bleh 
so im about to watch tarzan  and im so excited  but i have a massive headache  and happy birthday <propfirst> i love you!!
so laser tag later  and cleaning now  or at least im supposed to be 
so my little brother made me mad  im hungry  my stomach hurts  and i have to work at 7  this is a sucky day 
so nothing went my way today  not cool 
car  smile 
so i dont think its safe to be this confused 
ap homework for the rest of the day until i can make a serious dent in it 
home from work  my ankle is swelling as we speak  and i have to type up all of this uniform stuff  not a happy camper right nowwww 
submitted stats just in time  lucky me  and now on to another assignment tomorrow  this sucks 
stupid car  stupid money  stupid mechanic  just stupid   sad 
sleeping  and then band stuff  and then work  busyyyy 
band stuff  then work right after  super busyyy tomorrow 
sleeep  then dealing with percussion at 9 in the morning  but i get mcdonalds breakfast  talk tomorrow nighttt when im not bussyyyyy 
band mini camp tomorrow  sleep now  then that  and then work  after a little work on some ap homework  i hate being super busy 
sleeeeepppppp  yes 
on my way to work  and then i have an interesting story to write for someone 
band camp tomorrow  idk what to say except im gonna go call someone now   smile 
"i would like to let you know im disappointed in you  no matter what, though, i will always be here, and i wont laugh at you if something happens  but i will help you through it  i love you "
done for the day  waiting for my pasta to come   smile 
yay! i got my phone and my computer back  so now life is normal again   smile 
got lots of essays to write today before matching band  im not happy about this 
food  shower  essays  convo  and then sleep   smile 
wamts to finish all of her essays before work tonight  but first: naptime  
making steady progress on the homework  everything is falling in place 
you know you're tired when you fall asleep  in the middle of your hallway  on the floor  taking a nap before work  and work at 7 
i guess i can start another essay or something  but i dont want to  so i'll just go to bed  ap bio tomorrow  and work the rest of the day away 
still not done  no bueno 
i refuse to go to sleep until my psych paper is done  but im so tired 
off to work  and im driving myself  bye  smile  see you at school  sad 
finishing up homework  talking to this cool kid  smile 
doing my english essay and vocab  and then typing up some psychology  and then off to bed hopefully before midnight 
mucho stuff to do tomorrow  homework  band  errands  need i say more?
 smile 
not the happiest person in the world  grrr    
nap  homework  then work at 7  boooooo  sad 
"mucho homework  and then sleep  after talking to someone special, that is   smile "
hoping to be asleep by 230  lets see how that goes 
cleaning  homework for both days  then work  yay excitement  note the sarcasm   sad 
so im about to make someone truly happy by finishing something i started a lonnnnnggg time ago   smile 
finishing homework  then bed   smile 
homework  then sleep  and spirit stuff tomorrow  out 
work at 7  homework until then  field trip was fun 
"i know it might be hard, but can you meet me halfway? lost    "
sleepytime  smile 
homework  and then sleep   smile 
fedslhf ulds ivfdil    i think that says enough dont you?
so im supposed to be doing an outline right now  but i think i'll read and then do it in the morning   smile  sounds like a plan 
a little reading  a little homework  maybe even a movie  and i'll be set for tomorrow   smile 
so i defintiely need to finish my homework  but i think im gonna go for it  so i think im taking a trip to target after practice tommorow?  smile 
homework  and more homework  then sleep 
change of plans  sleep  then homework early in the morning  i cant hold my head up  no bueno 
so if i try realllly hard i can be to sleep by midnight  i doubt it though  i have a lack of focus like no other   smile 
my hair is straight again   smile  now lasagna  and then homework  and then sleep   laugh 
a little bit of homework  a little bit of college stuff  and off to bed i go  nightnight   smile 
work at 7  but first  cereal  and then mcdonalds  what a combo   laugh 
super sleeppyyy from work  so off to sleep now and homework in the moring  peace 
shower  homework  studying  bed  school  subway  riverbend  pancakes   smile  vboda  smiles and tears  sleep 
homework  then sleep  and then school  but tuesday off!  smile 
have nooooo focus  so im turning on classical and turning off the computer  night 
college stuff and clothes for the rest of the night   smile  how great  not 
college stuff  and picture stuff  and work stuff  and high school stuff  and girl scout stuff  i think im gonna e playful lode!!!
work  then homework  story of my life  senior night tomorrow   smile 
my yearbook pics look soooo much better now that someone else took them   smile 
lots of stuff to do  then off to bed 
ahhhhh too much stuff to do!!!!
homework time     sad  bleh 
homework  and college stuff  hope to be to bed early tonight   smile 
finally narrowed down my schools from 9 to 6   making progress
lack of focus doesnt work well when you have time consuming assignments mannnn
almost done with homework  then bed  and then school   sad  two more days to go 
college stuff  and scholarship stuff  then cooking pies and work  what a busy and productive day  i would rather go back to sleep 
off to bed  finishing college stuff in the morning  booooo   sad 
work  and then even more college stuff  then mucho crap to do tomorrow  i cant believe we have to go back to school   sad 
ive done nothing basically for the the past ever  i gotta get on this  and now 
so much to do   so little time  out 
making progress    out 
done  its about time   smile  bedddddd 
thanks for trying to help me  not  now i have to cancel everything  again  its like you dont even care if i get it done just because i didnt do it your way 
im getting my hair cut!!!! ahhh im so scared 
possibility of me getting my hair cut tommorow before work  super scary  off to bed 
the hair is cut  super cute  smile 
on my way to bed  sooo glad its friday  auditions tomorrow   sad 
done practicing for the night  big day tomorrow  new pics of my hair are up  take a look  smile 
uuhhhhh yeah 
cleaning  and then hanging out with <propfirst> kozar! super excited  laugh 
uhhhhhh  i like christmas   smile 
off to work  be back on later   smile 
cowboys be getting it in !!!  laugh 
super busy day tomorrow  not looking forward to it at all  just a bucn of busy work   sad 
"chilling out for the night   rip <propfirst> sullivan, if anybody knows who that is, but he's an amazing drummer  sad "
so close to being done with college applications     thank the good man upstairs !!!
can't wait to get off of work   hooters here i come !
so much to do   about to run some errands and make some phone calls  
have a checklist of things to do before i go to sleep   working hard  
just got an acceptance letter to vcu ! i'm going to college !!!!
definitely had the best day ive had in a long time !!!
"i dont really care where you live at , just turn around boy let me hit that &hearts; ~ <propfemale>"
im going to the gay pride parade in san <propfemale> in june ! so excited !
my ipod fell in the tub when i was cleaning it   i hope this rice trick works !
so much homework it's almost ridiculous   i think i just might cry  
i'll be up past midnight   how great  
about to start homework   and then read a little   off for the night   &hearts;  
"homework , eventually    smile "
parade in the morning   oh dang  
home from work   now to all the hw i didnt feel like doing until now  
the first time in a while that i done have a lot of hw   about to watch a movie    smile 
i dont care if i leave colonial forge high school with no friends cuz i have tyler-leah <propmale>! and <propfirst> kozar!
tomorrow is goign to be one loooong dayyy      : (
homework and then bed   out  
midterms to study for   not looking forward to it   but i have to work anyway   and thats my life story  
"we could have worked it out , but i guess things change   its funny how someone elses success brings pain   and thats life  "
exams   no bueno para mi    sad  i wish i was taking a spanish exam   too bad i dont take that anymore  
appreciates <propfirst> banks shabazz more than ever after the stupid snow made the car be stupid !
so why does everyone keep telling me i look like <propfemale> knight pulliam ?
"i dont wanna go to school tommorow     man , now i gotta go do my psych homework d:"
yay delay !
"home from school , about to go to work   bleh    [http annoyed  formspring me boldfiercesassy]"
i think my friend is on this thing we like to call crack cocaine     '9;i87ytkrvgt7hy8kui9o0lp[\\   <----- see?
happy <propfirst>'s day everybody ! doing homework  sad 
my head hurts sooo bad     and i have to finish this homework so i cant go to bed until im done : (
alll done   going to sleep   see you tomorrow at school  
considering getting a droid as my new smartphone && giving up my blackberry curve   what do you think ?
out   good night  
whoops   off to rehearsal be back later  
just got accepted to ohio state university !  smile 
practice for all-state   then work   then homework   talk later  
i guess i should go to sleep now   out  
i dont think im ever going to sleep    sad 
found the perfect prom dress   and now i guess i'll do my homework  
dont look at me like im stupid   i'll surprise you   doing homework  
all state audition tomorrow   oh man  
"cuz they got nothin' on you , baby  smile "
stupid scholarships   and stupid homework   and stupid job    sad 
i hope you dont think i dont realize that you are ignoring me   im not stupid  
homework   then bed   and school in the morning   how fun   not  
"stressed out , uptight , overworked , riled up , unleash what you got , let's e playful lore your naughty side  smile  &hearts;"
out with the old and in with the new girl   &hearts; best song ever   for right now at least  
off to work   talk later    smile 
going to sleep   vcu in the morning   super excited !
vcu is soooo pretty   and black && white was fun   and now im doing scholarships   and then work   bleh  
not trying to wake up earlier than i already do    sad  off for the night  
got my charger to work somehow   about to do all of my homework really quick before it stops working !
<propfemale> diaries soundtrack && homework   then sleep   &hearts;
about to have an amazing weekend   just have to make it through tomorrow   and then the fun begins    smile 
got accepted into the scholars program at ohio state !!! off to work  annoyed 
out    smile  talk soon  
<propfemale> in wonderland was reallllly good    smile 
doing homework and scholarships   and then my meeting tonight    smile 
staying on top of everything   now on to homework    sad 
"dear <propfirst> banks shabazz, i would really appreciate it if you didn't let <propmale> eat allll of the food while i go to work  thank you, the kid that starves  smile "
off to work   then homework and gs stuff   excited for tomorrow !  smile 
just got home  sad  off to do one worksheet and then bed  smile  its a beautiful thing  
cleaning   then birthday dinner and sleepover for my frannnn   smile  talk tomorrow  
community service   fine arts festival   homework   work   then sleep   busy day tomorrow    sad 
stupid bio homework  
fusion is on crack   ohhhmmyyygooooddd 
"if there was ever a time when i didnt want to go to work , it would be now   thank you brusters    sad "
leavin stafford to go to visit osu  smile  be back soon !
"osu is looking nicer and nicer   might just become a buckeye     who know , because i definitely don't  "
about to go to sleep   then off to run errands tomorrow   and then work to end the day   how fun  
change of plans : going to kd to ride the intimidator   im scared  
at kd for the day   and then i'm off to work   states tomorrow !
sooo tiff got a flat tire   but <propmale> fixed it   and then the cop tried to give us a ticket   on the way home   and then work   hopefully  
had a long weekend   only one day left of spring break left  then three days and im off to florida    smile 
getting ready to go to work   and then all of my spring break homework   stupid senioritis    sad 
guess i should start my homework now huh ?
happy   and for no reason at all    smile 
florida tomorrow   can't wait   but i still have to go to school   bummer  
on the bus to floridaa  
eating in the hard rock cafe    smile 
shamu    smile 
at the house of blues   not too happy about this  
about to be up all night   no bueno  
prom stuff    smile  and then softball game   go <propfirst> !
going in for my interview   and then the fun beginnsss    smile 
"cleaning my room   and btw, im not mad at you   its not your fault    smile "
officially going to be a buckeye next year ! going to sleep   long day tomorrow    sad 
"i got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind - lil <propmale> , fits me so well right now"
fml    frowny 
don't talk to me   ever again   ever  
"just got home from work    sad  and no , im not exaggerating   worst weekend ever  "
review stuff   then homework   then a meeting   then work    sad 
off to work   then some last minute cramming and homework   then ap stats exam tomorrow   crazzzyyyy !
tyler-leah <propmale> brings me sanity  smile  finally about to get my life and future back on track !
do u have to work ? uh what are we doing right now ? <propmale>    
s & e later   i really just want to leave high school and go to college like     now  
why my little brother getting hype off of wocka flocka ? wooow   his stuff is good though  
i cant wait for springtime and i will turn into a butterfly   i will spread my wings and fly   july--drake  
did zumba with mom  smile    about to do some homework and then relaxxx  
"am i in the wrong ? no , i dont think so     "
off to work   talk when i can     
are we acting like a couple im just trying to get it straight cause im over here convinced that its too early for mistakes--july--drake
on the phone with this boy      smile 
concert later   last one     super excited !
so tired from work today   sleep then work again from 11 to 5  : (
sleep   workout   work   then ceremony tomorrow   busybee    smile 
sleep   then school   then workout ? off for the night  
ceremony was nice   sleep   then school    sad 
whoops   off to work  
arguing with people over facebook after midnight ? haha fun   and the chick has no clue who i am  
don't go to daily grind today   they are doing a horrible job and don't have the inventory they're supposed to   sounds like another place i know    
i havent been on facebook in forever      weird  
done swimming   somebody missed out    
haha the school caught on fire     about time something went down  
"why do i have this feeling that i should be slightly concerned ?\and if i am for the right reason , honestly , why me ?"
"maybe redemption has stories to tell , maybe forgiveness is right where you fell , where can you run to escape from yourself ?"
i don't love you right now   that is a mean joke to play on people  
"ugh   doctor appointments , transcripts , financial aid     im not liking college right now and im not even there yet  "
anatomy field trip    smile 
what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you and what am i supposed to say when im all choked up and you're ok ? im falling to pieces     &hearts;
banquet   talk soon  
im mucho proud of you tyler-leah <propmale> ! have fun at beach week  smile  i'll see you next week at graduation !
went to work for 45 minutes only to be sent home right after   fml  
my car is officially getting fixed   its about time  smile 
life is pretty amazing right now    smile 
senior picnic   then work later   talk soon  smile 
excited for tomorrow    smile  talk soon  
finally something goes right    smile  graduation rehearsal in the morning   then work later   talk soon  
grad practice was quick   now off to ihop for some foooodd  smile   
"great night    smile  about to go to sleep and then workout , work , and some california business  "
"san fransisco is niiiiccee    smile  psssst , i miss you  "
its <propfemale> cold but i'm waiting for a chicago-style pizza so i can eat    smile 
seeing toy story 3    smile  talk soon  
at the gay pride parade    smile 
just left hooters    smile  about to catch the bus and go to l a  i'm ready !!!
last night in los <propfemale>    sad  breakfast in the morning with <propfirst> and then off to ohio !
on the plane in phoenix   about to fly to ohio for orientation   go bucks !
just made it to my room at orientation     i hate it    sad 
happy birthday big brother ! its definitely different without you here    
on my way back to <propfemale>    smile 
lebron is about to be some garbage on the heat   <propmale> is gonna dominate him  
i &hearts; shopping for college ! really want some apple pie    be back on later  
just made a skype  smile  you should add me !!
off of work for the day   about to have a much needed girls' night with <propfirst> kozar  smile 
today was a sucess : ) work tomorrow and then maybe inception ?
chiiiiiiill   no plans for today : (
chilling with the girls for the night    smile 
im in such a good mood i bought my little brother a gshock with my own money   whats wrong with me ?
dinner with <propmale> and <propfemale>  smile  talk soon  
work 11 to 5   then gym maybe ? and hopefully a nice nap    smile 
about to do a quick workout   and then who knows ? but my birthday is tomorrow    smile 
about to get my tattoo   ohmygoodness    smile 
thank you for the birthday wishes    smile  work at 12 and then who knows ?
good night with the girls   : ) work 9 to 5 and then the fun begins !
we got free fries at chickfila bc they thought we were cute     eventful night to say the least   : )
please tell me this is a joke      bc im still laughing  smile 
"laundry , work , and then funnnn !"
"this , right here , is my , swag   work later   and then who knows ? : )"
woooow   people are so bold   work later   then sleep   and repeat  
spongebob movie   : ) then work  
"bad news : i shouldn't be doing this  \good news : i'll be having fun though  "
work   text me so i don't get bored   : )
i'm feeling yummy head to toe : )
at va beach with two amazing people   : )
oh man     not how i e playful ected it to be  
helping the bestie move in to vsu   : )
&& i put my arms around you && i hope that you won't hurt me   &hearts;
just changed my <propmale> && school hasn't even started yet     this will be interesting : )
i like how people complain that they receive too many notifications by commenting && sending out even more notifications    
falling asleep to karoake by drake   off to see someone i &hearts; in the morning   work later  
day off tomorrow     i guess i'll start my summer reading  
off to work   then <propfirst>'s with some amazing people  
my mommy reaaaaalllllyyyy loves me   : ) off to move people into <propmale> in the morning   then work later  
going to bed   work later  
people need to catch a hint    
countdown for osu : 2 weeks   work tomorrow   and then maybe i'll start packing    
sooooooooooooo bored   omg  
doctor's appointment   work   then maybe a peek at the football game at cfhs   and then my hair is getting done ! finalllyyy !
gooooo bucks !!!!
i get excited over the smallest things   like zebra osu sweatpants   : ) 2 more days in stafford   lets go !
packing party in my room : )
move-in day   : )
tornado warning   for 15 minutes   really ? im not sitting in the hallway for that  
free movies tonight ! seeing devil : ) classes start tomorrow   can't wait !
"already went to my first class and got out early : ) doing laundry , then eating lunch with the roommates , spanish , rural sociology , and dinner   then hopefully getting my new phone set up and having a convo with the lil bro   : )"
fb game today! go bucks!
"homework day in the dorm   reading this stupid book , then studying for spanish and doing chemistry  "
"why is it colder than than the low for the day ? three classes , and then induction ceremony for mount ! i miss you <propfirst> banks shabazz !"
one class down   two to go   about to do some laundry in the basement and study for chemistry   i just wanna take a nap soooooo bad   : (
studying chemistry and rural sociology   then showering and going to sleep   night fb  
not how i wanted to spend my saturday night   homework day tomorrow  
one class down   doctor's appointment   studying   two classes   and hopefully some free time before i do even more studying   no bueno   : (
i like it on the floor : )
"finishing up some homework , then going to the gym , and peacing out for the night !"
has finally began to feel homesick   i want my family && my bed  
"everyone that is cheering for wisconsin right now , we are not friends   this is stupid  "
has been up since 540   went to the gym and my seminar   about to do some homework then off to class   mount meeting tonight   hopefully i dont fall asleep until im completely done with everything  
is mentally preparing herself to drop out of school   anyone wanna come with me ?
first time in the library   studying for chemistry   let's gooooo !
just rearranged my closet   about to knock out my homework for the weekend   2 more classes to go && hopefully the fun can then begin : )
the main reason why i cant get bored in college : online shopping      cant wait until tonight : )
"it's\brother week  if you have a brother who has made you laugh, tortured \you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed,\saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, \& you can't do without, copy and past this to your wall   i love && miss my two brothers   : )"
happy  birthday to a great guy   happy birthday <propfirst>  smile 
sooo confused   please figure out what it is that you want because i can't do this anymore  
"studying for chemistry   btw , mom && dad , i'll be fine   : )"
a white mocha && a muffin for breakfast just makes everything better   can't wait for the weekend to get here   i need some sleep   for reall  
ughh i miss him soooo muchhh today for some reason     7 9 09 &hearts;
doing homework && listening to slow jams   &hearts;
soooo i guess i should do this now     why wassup ? &hearts;
"about to have the worst winter schedule in the world   so maddd    annoyed \"",2010-11-09 12:58 smile 0""",e8ce7cf264092896107967e20a479c1b,"so what am i taking next quarter ? chem 122 , bio 113 , psych 100 , hims 500 (same as amp 500 ) , and tap dancing : )"
"trying to convince myself i found one , making the mistake i never learn from     i swear i always fall for your type &hearts; drake"
"i want to , you know i want to , but it's this one rule , and it's keeping me from giving you my love &hearts; danity kane"
back from the retreat   finishing up some homework   two classes tomorrow && then the weekend begins   : )
"looking like a superstar when i roll through && shawty im da truth , so mama what it do ? &hearts;"
"it's weird     you know the end of something great is coming , but you want to hold on , just for one more second     just so it can hurt a little more &hearts;    so deep  "
sunday = homework day   this is gonna suck  
"studying   spanish   then deciding if i should go to dance class or skip , nap , and study more   then chemistry midterm #2   oh dang    annoyed "
: )
being completely unproductive in the library   oh goodness     
beat *ichigan week ! we r about to go ha**** !
dance class && then so*e fun with the girls && watching people be co*plete idiots tonight : )
back in <propfemale> : ) sooo excited to eat to*orrow && pu*ped to see *y fa*ily     it's still beat *ichigan week though !
about to pack everything up to head back up north to ohio     the big ga*e is to*orrow !!!!!! cant wait !
you see right through me     &hearts;
it's snowing in ohio && they played <propfemale> on sloopy during the vs fashion show     im really happy right now   : )
"<propfirst> casteel : eminem got 10 grammy nominations yesterday    \ <propfemale> ley  : i dont doubt it , he's a beast    \i'm rubbing off on my roommate lol : )"
<propfirst> hart tonight     let's goooo !
"had my last class for the quarter today    about to take a nap   then who knows what for the night && hopefully burlesque tomorrow ! (yes mom , i will be studying all between all of that if youre wondering     )"
"just got a twitter     oh goodness     follow me , teeshabadd  "
"eventful day already , even though it started pretty late   staying up late to study chemistry && spanish   can't wait to go home on friday   &hearts;"
"tell me what you want , no more hoping && wishing      &hearts; ne-yo   getting distracted   studying for the rest of the day  "
"2 down , 1 to go   can't wait to go home friday   definitely gonna miss some people though   &hearts;"
"sooo i guess im doing <propfirst> for this one person    \31-you are super amazing     i miss having you in my spanish class bc you were definitely a great distraction lol   i know your doing amazing in college && when you graduate , i will be asking your sister all about u && ur whereabouts   i hope i get to see you over christmas break since i havent seen you in person in who knows how long    "
"33-you suck lol   i definitely said i wasnt doing these but whatev   i love you to death , my bestest friend   we are gonna <propfemale> over break when we are both in va  smile  definitely have had some good times && i'll always remember that you like milkshakes for some reason lol   come by brusters so i can treat you to something ! dont you ever forget about me && you need to teach me how to glide !!! for real this time     "
"16-we go wayy back lol   even though nothing really happened freshman year , i'm glad i got to know you better if anything else   we should really be friends again && actually talk to each other   idk what happened     i hope all is well w  the gf & i hope she makes you happy : )"
"6-i don't think everything is gonna fit lol   i love  riding w  u n ur car , eating fast food , going to parties where i didn't do too well , discovering my taste for music , and wind ensemble rehearsals lol   i wish u were closer to me so i could see u all the time ! we r going to bk when i get back in va !"
3 : ) -may i just say that im glad that whatever we have going right now is real   kinda hard to describe   you make me smile && laugh && i can talk to you forever    whether it be something so serious or gullah gullah island lol   next quarter will be rough but i plan on sticking around   just you wait && see   &hearts;
soooo bored   1 more final to study for && then off to <propfemale>   finally   &hearts;
about to study a little for this last final   then i have to figure out how to fit all of this stuff in these little bags   smh   theres no way im flying back to ohio   my stuff doesnt fit in bags   i need containers   for real   &hearts;
guess who's backkk ?!? <propfemale> for 3 weeks : )
123-you are a really chill guy && i definitely like spending time with you in the low brass section lol   i hope you are doing welll with your high position in the band and i will be cutting a step with you soon enough : ) you know i have to poke my head in the band room and see whats going on !
uuuuhhhh can everyone stop sending me <propfirst> please ? im not playing     sorry  
one love &hearts; <propmale> songz   &hearts; work later   come visit me  
work   then movies for the night   gym in the morning   about to do work ! : )
just need a little bit of $$$ in my pocket so i can get my hair done      cant wait : )
"been described as \a small bunclde of joy && cuteness\""    lol that would be me !"""
don't hate me cuz im beautiful   &hearts;
workout was crazyy this morning   about to go to work   then <propfemale> && the frog tonight ? i think so &hearts;  
jamming to biebs since somebody told me to turn him off last night : ) working on my applications   work later   blehh  
finally know what im getting everyone for christmas     too bad i have to wait until i get paid again to afford it all   smh  
church  smile 
why has my skype been connecting for two hours ? that thing will never connect     movie time then bed   &hearts;
about to workout   then work later ? idk  
im sooooo done its ridiculous   i wish i could talk to you right now   you always made me feel better   7 9 09 
i wanna go to hooterss !!!
something better come through this week or imma be in a bunch of trouble : (
still havent seen everyone that i wanna see     hit me up if u wanna <propfemale> for real   &hearts;
i guess im about to get out of the house   : ) gone for the day   htc &hearts;
most fun ive had in a long time   &hearts; its new years <propfemale> !
i feel bad since i still didn't see everyone i wanted to see before i went back to school   : ( sorry guys !
soooo this 4 0 is only possible by dropping yoga : ( need the extra time to study for chemistry     on my way to the library   bio later   &hearts;
doing work today   &hearts;
class until 5 today   then who knows ? &hearts;
happy birthday to my mommy <propfirst> banks shabazz  laugh  thanks for being super amazing && faaaaaaaaantastic lol : )
this is gonna be a lot harder than i thought     studying chemistry now   super busy day tomorrow   im gonna be dead when i finally sit still  
"trying to learn this medical terminology && take these quizzes online asap     at least i know im not the only one who forgot i had something due at midnight     1 down , 1 to go : )"
typing up essay question after essay question     i dont like this one bit     
no  class today : ) studying all day instead   two quizzes tomorrow   leggoo !
doing a lot better in my classes this quarter than i thought     maybe i should go to the brary more often : )
im about to throw my printer out the window     this thing sucks     for real  
who got an a on her psych midterm ? meeee !!!!! bowbow  playful 
finishing these essays     then homework && studying for the rest of the day     hopefully movies later with my main chica ? we'll see &hearts;
schools up north are a trip     cant believe they got me ice skating to class on these sidewalks     these ppl b falling though     too funny : )
why does this girl aubrie rice keep tripping over anything&everything in this room ? lmbo poor girl    
i dont like seeing my friends sad    it only makes me sad   night fb : (
anyone want a basketball ticket     i dont want mine anymore    
"today is <propmale>'s birthday : ) i really wanna wear my <propmale> shirt to bed , but i cant find it     : ("
i aint got no cookies for youuuuu : ) skyping with <propfemale> simmons    
"sooo i go to my chemistry tutor appointment , show her my midterm && what i got wrong     and she couldnt figure out some of the problems     im concerned <propfirst> banks shabazz asmar shabazz <propfirst> hairston"
what do i do on saturdays ? play super smash bros with the boys && go to the mall     bowbow  
"went to go get a package ive been waiting on && got 3 more packages !!! ahhh thanks troop 2096, <propfemale> hammack , and <propfemale> <propmale> for all the food , stuffed animals , valentines , and candyyyyyy !!!!!"
happy valentines day everybody &hearts; : )
officially the uniform manager for the ohio state marching band !!!! : ) so excited !
ummm why does osu basketball suck right now ??
my english teacher never taught me how to write a personal statement   i have no idea what im doing     helpppp !!!!
chem midterm went well && im going to michigan for spring break &hearts; good way to end my wednesday !! night fb !
"skinny marinky dinky dink , skinny marinky doo , i &hearts; you !!!! lol <propfemale> much work to do tonight blehh"
how did i end up right here with you after all the things that i've been through ? &hearts; drake - show me a good time
<propfemale> : )
sooo i dont feel comfortable being this far away from home when people are getting shot on the same street i live on     i thought i lived in the suburbs    
busy busy busy    
"mondays suck       filling out applications&&studying all day   oh&btw , i love my mommy , <propfirst> banks shabazz !"
studying for this lab final tonight   then princess&the frog !!!!!!!!!!!!
idk how my day completely fell apart the way it did     hopefully tomorrow is better     going to bed  
i didn't know sticky notes were an efficient way of stating a problem     because they aren't   write me another sticky note&see what happens  
cant wait to leave for miami !! yay habitat for humanity : )
i'm in miami ! shopping&beach all day !  smile 
let's go bucks ! oh-io !!!
"i know my <propmale> friends are upset, but did you really think you had a <propmale> ? boo <propmale>     go bucks !"
"got super dark, got a heat rash, and got a cold, but hfh was completely worth it! miami spring break 2011=success !"
back in cbus   class starts tomorrow   super salty  
this quarter is gonna be a rough one     but i'll get through it : )
why oh why is it snowing in cbus ? i wanna go back to miami  sad 
"the other teams can suck eggs , shove nuggets , kick rocks && blow bubbles : ) yay team health !"
