7a9953b62533743a2841a3cce99e0388
3 more days till we leave for disney! woo hooo!
happy new year! be safe everyone!
thank you everybody for all the wonderful birthday wishes! i'm truly blessed with wonderful friends and family! i love you all!!!!
"please copy and paste this to your status if   you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack   upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the   lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a   smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise   awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?  wink "
"well, my beloved jeep crapped out on me  hopefully getting a durango today!"
happy mother's day!
"please put this on your status if you know,or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it wasobliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  92 783% won't copy past"
my baby is 17 today! happy birthday heaven! i love you!
happy anniversary to my mom and dad! 38 years and they still hold hands! i love you guys!
all i can say is thank goodness today is finally over! wow!!!
happy friday the 13th everybody!
less than 24 hours to show time!
sitting at the airport waiting for our flight to boston
just touched down in boston!
at the show!
j geils rocked   set change now   up next    aerosmith!!!!  ahhhhhh!
aerosmith was amazing! back at the hotel with a pizza a my wonderful husband  life is good!
today is our 1 year anniversary! i love you <propfirst>!
stay off the sidewalks everyone    heaven got her driver license!
"its\ nieces and nephews week on facebook, if you have nieces and nephews \that you love and just brighten up your day post this as your status \with their name~austin, <propfemale>, and memphis   i love you!"
my beautiful baby girl is 15 today! i love you faith!
"your daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  it's national daughters week so if you have a beautiful daughter or daughters that you love with all your heart, copy and paste this to your wall "
what color hair should you have? - my result: red http annoyed  bit ly 93unip
"if you have a wonderful partner, who helps balance your whole world, who isn't perfect, but is perfect to you; who works hard and would do anything for you; that makes you laugh and drives you crazy; who is your best friend; who you want to grow old with; and who you are thankful for every day, then post this as your status "
on the way back from st  <propfirst>  missing my sweetie already!
happy 11th birthday to my baby boy! i love you kaleb!
sitting in st  <propfirst> waiting for my sweetie to land!  smile 
oh my gosh! this is the biggest freakin <propfemale> i have ever seen! yummy!
"?\ my husband has made me laugh  wiped away my tears, and caused some of \them  hugged me tight  watched me succeed  saw me fail  cheered me on  \kept me going strong  my husband is a promise from god that i will have a\ friend forever  ?put this as your status if you love your husband "
happy thanksgiving everybody!
waiting for my sweetie
i'm sooo not happy  joeys flight got canceled   sad 
"yippppeeeee! joes plane was delayed this morning due to the foot of snow they received last night, but it just left the ground! he is going to get home today!"
"change your fb profile picture ,,,to\ a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human on fb till \monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy & \paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
"kids\ with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid, and their disability\ is not contagious  they only want what we all want  to be accepted and \loved  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it\ as your status for at least an hour? it's special education week and \this is in honor of all children who were born in a unique and loving \way  i could not have said it better"
please?put? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one? hour ? if ? you ? or ?someone ?you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is ?that? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found  ? will ? you ? post ?it ? for ? just ? one ? hour? ? do it for all of us! ?
wants to thank her beautiful sister-in-law for the amazing job she did on heaven's senior pictures!
<propfemale> christmas!
thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes! i love you guys!
sitting in <propmale> colorado waiting to board our next flight  2 whole weeks in paradise with my sweetie!  love 
at an <propfemale> pub drinking margaritas and getting ready to watch the super bowl with my sweetie    life is sweet!
one flight down and 3 to go! i miss my babies!
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals    yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are trashing, gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i wasn't afraid to e playful ress my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future!!!"
