deddda6d71ad73cad8d8f8126f096c9d
"oh, god  fireworks "
facebook is silly 
must go for all!
really likes descendents   
"tomorrow you're homeless, tonight it's a blast "
jello biafra and the guatanomo school of medicine is really good 
"\you'll be the first to go unless you think \"""""
is chillin' with <propfirst> and <propfirst> tonight!
is recording!
rolls his eyes 
the blunderfuls have new songs! http annoyed  www myspace com gradylikesbassethounds
the blues runs the game 
"barely learned the tune, so soon    so soon   "
i got a root canal today 
saw a shadow touch a shadow's hand on bleeker street 
new against me! album sucks more than i thought it ever could 
is seeing lucero today!
exists 
just is 
be a balla  http annoyed  www formspring me gradydrugg
is guilty and jealous 
"ahhhh, my kneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee "
come on!!!!!!!! http annoyed  www formspring me gradydrugg
always gets fooled on april fools 
new song!! get a firsthand look at my new album! little miss tangerine pt  iii http annoyed  www myspace com gradydrugg
ripping solos! little miss tangerine pt  iii myspace com gradydrugg
is listening to old school metallica with <propfirst>!
http annoyed  www formspring me gradydrugg
no longer has an ipod  dammit 
"side effects with passafire in june? ohhhhhhh, man "
answered a bunch of formspring things 
laughed at <propfirst> for recieving emails about eharmony and prostate cancer 
wants to talk to folks 
just made a music <propfemale> for myself  become a fan  http annoyed  www facebook com <propfemale>s edit picture php?success=1&id=111341312231300#! <propfemale>s grady-drugg 111341312231300?v=info
got a little ipod from <propfirst> today  putting music on something new is exciting 
wants is to be friday afternoon already!
got some new specs 
recorded the intro for side effects full length!
loves how milk washes away the horrible peanut butter feeling 
sang blackbird 
sang blackbird again  http annoyed  www formspring me gradydrugg
got an imac today!
would do anything in the god-almighty world if ya just lemme follow ya down 
doesn't understand the logistics of facebook 
formspring me gradydrugg
can't believe how strange it is to be anything at all 
"talk to meh, folks "
exists 
finished the song he's been recording for hours 
"has a new song up on myspace  \the rest of my days \"" go listen!! myspace com gradydrugg"""
"presale tickets to the blunderfuls side effects cd release show on june 17th are on sale, now! buy a few from me, <propfirst>, or kelby for $10 each! you're garunteed a cd with purchase!"
"new song! \comfort zone\""\",deddda6d71ad73cad laugh 8f8126f096c9d,"i played all the instruments on this demo, but we'll be playing this at blunderfuls shows soon, so i suggest you two get aquainted \\nobody sees us\http annoyed  www mediafire com ?zz1lfomj5zd"
"we really are on facebook now \\http annoyed  apps facebook com ilike artist the+blunderfuls"
i'm gonna have to look at these prom pictures for ages 
is listening to <propmale> young 
"new blunderfuls music video!\\the blunderfuls - piano playing girl\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=28thjz9ocic"
"go nuts \\http annoyed  www formspring me gradydrugg"
i want some world percussion drums 
better sign out before jross is a bitch!
im a wawa head everyone   
"didn't sign out, and jross was a bitch "
getting age of empires ii for my <propmale>  super excited 
"new badass recording up! comfort zones! jross and i worked pretty hard on it \\myspace com gradydrugg"
it's these e playful ressions i never give that keep me searching for a heart of gold 
"grown ups new album, more songs, is sooooo goooood "
talk to meeeeeeee 
beautiful people are killing me 
i just spammed each and every one of youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! sorry  clicking stuff sucks 
i went to the central texas research center today    i'm alergic to absolutely everything they tested me for    let the money roll right in 
one week of school left  yessss 
"six brand new blunderfuls songs!!!\myspace com gradylikesbassethounds"
it's a good thing i'm listening to <propmale> guy sing about how he cries and sings the blues 
so what a bogus affliction  it's the human condition   
feels angier and uglier than you'll ever be 
closed minded people in a closed minded world 
can't tell you how much i hate the misfits 
coach hodges hungover laziness turned out to save my life 
i got enough jealousy and hate inside of me to keep me warm 
glee is such a fantastic show 
would you follow me into that mountain air? would you follow if you knew nothing was there?
come watch us play at the white rabbit tomorrow night after 9!
bye 
is in love with love and lousy poetry 
is going to the rock n' roll hall of fame today!
is driving to tennessee tomorrow 
went to graceland today 
is recording!
a brannawahhh
superstition ain't the way 
sent the blunderfuls music to epitaph records    hope some good comes from it 
is starting to hate music 
can't believe how strange it is to be anything at all 
"so like a summer thursday, i cry for rain  come and turn the ground to green again "
i love the shins 
got a sweet haircut    and a job 
cd release show is tomorrow night!
spanish castle magic!
played the best show of his life 
that riff at the end of bohemian rhapsody is ripping 
has been listening to a lot of <propfemale> lately 
working man blues 
beelzebub has a devil set aside for me 
it seems like it's just one of those nights   
i wanna play some really fast punk drums  like 300 bpm  too bad it's almost 10    and my drums aren't even here 
worked a 9 hour day and considered it getting off early 
talk
people like to flaunt how much better they are  it's killing me 
facebook reeeeaaally wants me to like <propfemale> fox 
im or something 
recording a crazy cover 
stop acting like a 10 year old 
doesn't work until saturday!!!
would trade it for the silence 
is getting new glasses tomorrow! any suggestions for the frame style?
all of you are awesome 
talk
woke up at 3 surprise 0 am and couldn't go back to sleep  isn't it nice when you start your day exactly 12 hours before you have to work outside for an extended period of time for minimum wage?
will be the tear that hangs inside your soul forever 
slept really well 
really wants to play some super <propfirst> sunshine 
i had forgotten how much i like letting off the happiness by bright eyes   
ordered a new ipod  i can't wait to have my whole itunes library at my fingertips once again 
"screw you, bright eyes  stop having long ass intros attached to the first song of every last one of your albums "
15 new emails  damn you facebook arguments 
downloaded the white stripes entire discography  yesss 
might record monday?
has been playing a lot of harmonica lately 
the blunderfuls are recording with jross in like 30 minutes 
all this acta stuff is scaring me bad 
is terrified of the answers to the questions he's too afraid to ask 
"i will not play facebook games ever, and no weird girl cashier at gamestop is gonna make me "
"we are the same, we are the same, we are the same   "
dragon ball z has the most ripping guitar riffs 
can't write songs about girls 
making some album artwork!
feels extremely accomplished 
can't survive on what you send every time you need a friend 
has to coexist 
each day ends the same 
grilled cheese attempt: success!
in the face of evil i and i have no fear 
life is lame when old school green day is relevant 
blunderfuls merch is on the way!
"i wish i could \like\"" that people \""like\"" stuff without \""liking\"" the actual thing that they \""like \"""""
go to the show tonight!!!!
thanks to the 4 of you who showed up  fuck all 
thinking about embarrassing situations that (hopefully) nobody remembers makes me cringe 
is painting!
little things make me angrier than important things    make it stop 
i'm not sure if it's worth singing anymore 
can't believe school starts on monday  i hope the comal academy program goes as quickly as planned so i can move 
we'll pass around the easy lie of absolutely no regrets 
is aggravated 
ruins everything 
has some sweet bongos now 
"the majority of my friends are either graduated or going to a different school, it seems like "
"i spend all day in the credit recovery lab  in only my first day of my senior year, i read beowulf, and the iliad:  book 22  i completed 10% of all of english iv  what did you do today?"
doing school work at home is awesome 
bongos are just the most peaceful instrument to play 
movement of jah people
"i've listened to nothing but see you next tuesday, thy <propmale> is murder, and the shins lately    weirdest combination ever "
i just added the bongos to my drum set  awesome 
soup 
there are so many great opportunities to say something hilarious that are completely overshadowed by the fact that i would be acting like an asshole 
"i'm bringing <propfirst> to school tomorrow \bring $8 and buy a blunderfuls shirt!"
offensive   
just please don't feel stupid  don't feel stupid  don't be <propmale> drugg 
recording!
"but they can't stop what we can't stop, i fear "
i actually earned 6 stars on gta: sa for the first time in my life  no cheats  just pure gangsta 
im the real wawa head 
"damn you, jross "
i just sent some of my music to ktsw    i hope something comes of it 
wa wa we wa
"my day will come  someday, i'll be the only one "
"like a summer thursday, i cry for rain; come and turn the ground to green again "
"if you give a mouse a cookie, he will wear overalls on the cover of your children's book "
"hey you, pikachu is the lamest and crappiest game in the world "
freaknik is awesome 
is angered by anything and everything 
officially has 7th period off until i graduate next month 
"it's not such a pretty place to be  it just rains, and rains, and rains on me "
gotta get those monitors bumpin' 
i love being able to block people and things from my news feed 
4 day week!
it seems like i'm holding my tongue a lot these days 
i got my shoes in the mail  they are sahweeeeeeet 
i be jammin' some blind boy fuller 
so many people are super annoying 
truth hits everybody 
feels like a weirdo 
"darkness, <propfirst> murphy "
"be a happy man, i try the best i can  or maybe i'm just looking for too much "
feels good man 
moved so much stuff into our new house today 
i wish nothing was physically capable of producing whistling sounds  but especially humans 
is drinking green tea in canyon lake  i can't wait to drink green tea in san <propmale>  in my house 
a roadrunner was chillin' on the hood of my car today 
i love my life 
graduates from high school tomorrow!
today is the day 
i graduated!
"graduated from high school, and is moving out the very next day  it's a hectic world!"
"moving into his house today, which just happens to be <propfirst> lennon's 70th birthday "
this house is sweet 
internet in the house!
"saying \meow\"" instead of \""now\"" makes you look dumb  no matter who you are """
can't sleep 
i better see all of you at the last blunderfuls show ever 
just got the big screen tv in the house  there is much grand theft auto to be played 
is happy 
bring on the night  i couldn't stand another hour of daylight 
recording some demos with the new band 
"spankleberrys \\p s  i like being gay, its a fun hobby, and im good at it  smile ]"
<propmale> sucks!
just got a <propmale> rd1000  for free  life is sweet 
grimy styles!
hmmmmm  people 
blunderfuls last show is tonight!
spaghetti for breakfast at 1 surprise 0 
in the studio with goliad 
ballad of big nothing 
is sad that he missed descendents 
rvivr!!!
i need new reggae music to listen to  i'm tired of soja and the usual stuff 
evil's in my pocket and your will is in my hand 
worst headache of my life 
had a dream that goliad was sponsored by the us government to promote the reconstruction of massive highway systems  they would buy us mcdonalds each time we did our job 
i miss <propmale> smith 
shopping for what will be made into a thanksgiving feast 
fake laughs don't lighten the mood 
the people i may know are always people i don't care to know 
im gay
dont i look like moby?
is listening to reggae hit l a !
"you're just a riddle in the sky  oh, where do my bluebird fly?"
"ohh, thanksgiving  i want everyone out of my house for like 20 minutes "
is thankful for latterman 
goliad show tonight!!! san <propmale>!!! wake the dead coffee house!!!
goliad show in 1 hour! go to wake the dead coffee house!!!
everything is good 
"im gay \\up in the pee house \great job!\\and this is still war! nig "
<propmale> of the hill!
i scraped the shit our of my hand and knee longboarding today  gnar!
"here's to all lost fragrances, to a future with some balance, to a future with my family, to a future without anger, to a fate of more than damaged fits, to a future worth remembering "
since i've been loving you is just the song 
playing ukulele on my roof is one of my favorite things to do 
what is wrong with bitches
"i believe, regardless, i believe in everyone "
this is war!!!!!!
im gay
"can't think of anything clever or insightful to post and replace the fucking \im gay\"" for the millionth time  i guess it's about time i stop having firefox remember my password """
i just cooked a delicious feast with <propfirst> knisley!
raid i blues!
i need photoshop on my <propmale> for free 
adolescence is the best band ever 
"i hate fake laughs and smiles, and i hate rude people "
good <propfemale> in the end makes days worth living 
i haven't charged my phone in about a week and it's still got a bar of life left  technology for the advancement of forgetful people is awesome 
just get me a ton of peanut m&ms for christmas 
"3 shows in one day, then gettin' dat cash  what a rockstar day "
me gusta la verga wey
put on a smiling face 
"who's gonna save my soul, now?"
i wanna sing like cee-lo 
somebody buy me a million aa batteries 
i finally got new strings for my alvarez  the creative flow was back within minutes  there's just something about this guitar 
i'm about to lose my worried mind 
it's the best of pusswhip banggang!
<propfemale> chrimbus!
"for who jah choose is why i, i, i and i & i shall bring forth these axes freeing us out of bondage, and we could finally rest our weary souls\in which we fight the holy wars "
im having a gay christmas!!!!!
i'm going to start practicing playing guitar upside down 
is sick 
i need a soldering iron  like right now 
the moonlight tonight seems to belong to me 
"damn right, i've got the blues "
"ow, ow, ow, my ankle "
lay some happiness on me 
what have i done?
"jesus, what a day "
just downloaded every red hot chili peppers album with <propfirst> frusciante on guitar  because the other ones don't matter 
ugh  work at 12  at least i'll be bankin' like a g soon 
"she ripped my soul apart, but i still have no clue why "
i am so bad with people 
"holy shit, the show was awesome  thanks so much to all the people who came out and supported all the bands  but in other news, a big fuck you to <propfirst> <propmale> and kelby <propmale> for getting me suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper sick  but at least they played an awesome set, so i can't be mad for too long!"
i now have the funniest $10 per hour job ever 
my new job is the best job ever  i seriously had so much fun today 
power nap!
another awesome day at work  some lady from another business next to <propfemale> tax gave me some pizza and a bottle of water    for free!!!
"today, a car full of soldiers yelled \shit\"" at me """
did you text goliad to 81419 today?
day off?
"my head is heavy, my heart is filled with pain, and i fear that feeling will remain "
<propfirst> and i are opening for <propfirst> roe of the ataris on february 11th  who wants to buy a ticket?
"okay, update! goliad is playing an acoustic set on february 11th  we are opening for <propfirst> roe of the ataris!\\if i could tell a ten year old <propmale> drugg that he'd be doing this soon enough, he'd probably be shitting his pants "
<propfemale> happens 
i like men  alot  wink 
it never works out 
i wanna be <propmale> eastwood 
it only takes a few words 
"you'll never guess what guys!!!\i finally hit puberty!"
i hate <propfirst> <propmale> 
show cancelled  fuck all 
mugician?
snow! snow everywhere!
i can actually play guitar in my room before 1 o' clock for the first time in months  cool 
just played grindcore drums for about 10 minutes  i'm so tired 
pumped for friday's show  10 year old <propmale> would be flipping shit 
pimps don't cry 
i hate when people add you and then don't say a word to you  i guess it's time to go through and delete everyone again 
studioooooooooo!!!
"if anything means anything, then this means something good "
ain't nobody can move me in this whole world like you do 
"we do what we like, and we like what we do!!!"
"god, i hope that people understand sarcasm, and jokes, and whatnot these days "
i think <propfirst>'s dad just prank called me 
"yep, <propfirst>'s dad prank called me "
"i'm listening to radio k, drown my sorrows in the frequencyyyyyyyyyyyyy!"
i have officially begun a new journey of the guitar    slide guitar 
exhausted 
"in the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous  in new york city, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the special victims unit  these are their stories "
breakdowns in my head 
"beacon, don't fly too high "
"<propfirst>'s dad, <propmale> gillett, <propmale> bearden, and i want to make a sitcom about how <propfirst> sheen is a jackass "
yeah!
mu$ic puh puh power!
"happy birthday, <propfirst> <propfirst> drugg \march 7th, 1988 - june 12th, 2001"
now on to my next project: teaching myself to read music 
let the new night bring you peace and the promise of tomorrow 
g b h !!!
it's weird when you notice that a certain somebody is still wearing that shirt you left at their house in middle school 
there's a picture opposite me of my primitive ancestry which stood on <propmale> shores and kept the beaches shipwreck free 
rudies all around!
so what? who cares? we're doin' it how we like  i'm singing into my mic  my special underwater mic!
woke up in the middle of a dream  fuck 
"if i could play music forever, have a beautiful woman forever, and one <propfemale> barbecue chicken strip sandwich from whataburger every day for the rest of my life, i would be a happy man "
hope 
now there's darkness on the face of the earth 
why 
love is for assholes 
just played some frisbee wid muh boys!
i fucked myself up yesterday skateboarding with tristen brenner 
sewell park is the place to be 
those fuckers still haven't given me my check  somebody come make me breakfast 
"the folk show was awesome  but it was in an old person home  not kidding  we get to the place, and there's a bunch of old ladies just watering flowers in the front yard  you would have never e playful ected there to be a badass concert going on inside "
"the stars fell out of heaven, the <propfemale> could not be found  the sun was in a million pieces scattered all around "
trolling!
d&d is extra intense tonight!
"last night, i met my brother in a dream for the first time since he died  and we laughed, and we laughed, and we laughed "
somebody's hauling some serious ass on a motorcycle up and down my street 
"i'm not a cool guy anymore, as if i ever was before "
i just deleted all of the supervillains albums off of my computer  fuck yeah 
people just have to say beautiful words to me and i'll probably write a song about it  this dude just came up to my house and said he was selling fruit from the valley  and it was tasty 
i busted a fat munch with <propmale> bearden at the taste of <propfemale> today  now i've got the itis 
good ol' fried egg <propfirst>!
