4ed0fe26e85a35449bc83be8af07176b
these twilight movies are making me want to become a vampire <propmale>   i guess you could call me de facto team <propmale>    i fucking hate vampires 
go back and look at everybody's old myspace pages   it's pretty hilarious   i'm bringing back myspace   it's 100x more ridiculous than facebook 
"\joey        do you like gladiator movies?\"""""
"the things you own will someday own you   nobody i know owns anything, not their cars, their houses    hell, some people even have their guitars and drums on credit    maybe that's the ironic price of freedom, true freedom   my generation has nothing, not"
do you have songs that you wrote that are just collecting dust in the attic of your mind?  some of your friends have bands that can play those songs!   just because you're not in a band doesn't mean your songs can't be heard   friends need to start playin
just pawned my guitar so i could go to a job interview   i have to make sure this doesn't turn into a shame spiral 
my favorite holiday
thanks for all the birthday reminders  wishes   it literally was the highlight of the day 
band names?  our mighty band simply can't go on without a mighty name any longer     i'm thinking nickelback 2     any suggestions?
we suddenly need a new bass player!  need someone who likes it loud and doesn't play funky bass lines   it would help if you had a bass amp as well   
"i just had a dream where my dad told me my band sucks, and that teenage girls don't want to listen to that kind of music   he said that the only way to get popular is to appeal to teen girls   i started arguing with him, then the air conditioner started g"
"attention!!!!  i can get you, or someone you know this job!!!!  need people a s a p   \\https annoyed  docs google com viewer?a=v&pid=gmail&attid=0 1&thid=12b16aa9c9b8f7af&mt=application msword&url=https annoyed  mail google com mail ?ui%3d2%26ik%3d4be31220ee%26view%3d"
"i'll be fighting the tea party 12 hours a day, every single day from now until the election   are you going to help me?  volunteer!"
"riddle me this:  when microwaving food, why is there always one section of the food that gets incredibly, painfully hot even though the rest of the food is still cold?  what's the physics behind that?"
awful   i'm moving to montreal   i hope you idiots have fun at your tea party 
"sometimesi want to copy people's status, word for word, and see if they notice   and when they do notice, i'm going to call them an asshole"
facebook won't let me delete any of my old links from obama or democrats org 
"thanksgiving, the american pagan holiday where we celebrate the genocide of the free natives of this land, and the obliteration of their culture completely  we feast on the bounty of this land, which is basically the same as eating the body of the native "
"politics is pretty boring to you, eh?  makes you sleepy?  well just go to fucking sleep then   you're a moron, and your opinion isn't needed right now   haven't we all heard enough stupid love songs already?  haven't we outgrown this infantile disneyland "
"so the lunar eclipse is tonight   the <propfemale> will be copper-red for several hours, from about 1 smile 0 in the morning until about 5 smile 0, peaking at 3 smile 0   unfortunately, it's completely cloudy, and i probably won't be able to see it   this is the first time in 3"
