9cd30c7aec4dfd4f1cae6da8b0147a70
deranged change can be very strange 
c o 5-9 
welcome to the zoo 
emmcc is where i wannnna be 
thank allah it's friday 
<propmale> rock for the night  i really miss this 
"\whenever i'm 'facebook stalking' someone - and i find out that their profile is public - i feel like a kid on christmas morning  546 pictures? don't mind if i do!\"""""
"why does everyone seem to sit in the same seat they chose from the first day of classes? obviously, there are no assigned seats and yet everyone just sits in the same place  it's interesting  haha "
lol - swine flu drill on friday  really?
why do these professors continue to insult my intelligence? they really underestimate us  lack of attention and participation does not mean idiocy  it simply means i already know the simple information you're paid to teach 
class @ 9 
microsoft office - zzzzz 
"damn    whose line is it anyways? i'm in a daze, you been amazed  y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage  i'm on fire    yep i've been ablaze "
!@#$ bed 
classes until 11:50  not bad!
thank jah it's friday!
cannot wait for this class to end  then it's off to subway  eatin' fresh 
wtf are these friend list photos all about?
tgiff 
"and <propfemale> bosse, reunited "
"homework, as i fbook-lurk  ha "
"typing an essay, homework, class @ 1:40, then work @ 5  busybusybusy  text me "
a lot of y'all are still soundin' like last year  the game needs change and i'm the mofucking cashier 
"socializing, analyzing, realizing, and criticizing  i'm living and learning; i'm mothafuckin' aggrandizing "
"this new chapter, titled college, is turning out to be very interesting  as distance forms between old friends, that gap is filled with so many new people  i'm really enjoying this mix of nostalgia and novelty  cheers to new places and new faces!"
"i'm sort of like a bomb, boom "
"\knowing is better than wondering \"""""
"with some bridges burned, the lesson is learned  i'm done making excuses "
"i'm in a good mood! just waiting for whit, then getting some food   smile "
is potentially moving on campus in a week or so!  smile 
?
"bitch, i'm goin' in  stevenson university"
going to the cow with werewolf whit  work 5-9  cell's good 
got my key! starting to move in over the weekend! western better run   
work 5-10 
homework  homework  homework 
"damn, i done walked in here  lookin' like the motherfuckin' man of the year "
"essay, class from 1:40-2:55, work at 5  cell's good "
lol@2012
"only four days, <propfirst> case  i cannot wait to see your lovely face "
why are there so many cocks in the world? and i'm not referring to the  phallus   
hopefully 2011 brings some stability 
p s  the world ends next year  lolz 
"… catching up on assignments, doing some homework & eventually studying  haha, and i thought i had off tonight  later gator "
"i love being the manager on sundays, haha  stop by j&p to visit me! i'll be here all day, as usual  hit me up "
people are fucking crazy  just sayin' 
fgif 
"\   and this kind of thing doesn't just come around every time you go looking for it \"""""
i don't understand 
"it's sad when you dread the weekend and can't wait for monday to arrive  two more weeks, just two more weeks "
+ <propfirst> case = 1
"history final tomorrow, then freshman year is history "
"why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands? just sayin' "
¡u?op ?p?sdn u?o?? ???? u?n?
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment 
finally bought a car!
<propfemale> mendigorin! i cannot believe you're 17  happy birthday!
"si mañana te vas, mañana te olvido  si mañana me amas, escapo contigo "
"quiero estudiar en perú el próximo año  si me lo puedo permitir, por supuesto  mi sueño es ser bilingüe "
"happy birthday, <propfirst> case!"
"homework, homework, homework "
homework
"is going to watch his little brother, <propfirst>, own red lion! go warriors!"
"<propfirst>, #85, rocked it out tonight! tank you da man!"
"ok, first things first, i’ll eat your brains  then i’mma start rocking gold teeth and fangs "
i'm not a human being 
do you want to go to the seaside?
"rain, rain go away  unless you cancel my class today   "
reunion tonight w  <propmale> medding and <propfemale> daddario!
the seasons are changing  why aren't you?
fckh8
i just lost the game  and so did you <propfemale> bresnan and <propfemale> kable! haha 
"school work all day, then real work all night  i love fridays "
"i just lost the game  thanks again, <propfemale> bresnan!"
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but 3% will in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer "
"change is strange, it's true, this exchange of the old with the new  all you can do is adapt to the novelty  don't let it conquer you  -nrm"
brave new voices 
is in grock for tank's last home game and hanging out with the fam  then seeing my doodielova later! peace out 
"you could follow the rules and do as your told or you could crack society's corrupted, malignant mold  those are your two choices  so, i'm asking you to take some time, with good reason and rhetorical rhyme, to think about what really matters  that, my friends, is why i choose the latter  -nrm"
"with my other half  work all day tomorrow, then it's back to reality "
 smile 
people make mistakes  thank god for winter breaks 
i just lost the game 
 smile 
"finally getting away! peace out md, ac bound "
snowing in atlantic city  waddup 
<propmale> maher is the man 
<propfemale> is a bitch  just sayin' 
"thank you, honda, for not living up to your reputation and breaking down on me for the third time "
you love who you love  it's 2011 people  no one gives a shit anymore 
i cannot sleep  it's 5 smile 0 and i have a 9:25 class  fml 
first day back  stat attack 
"hanging out with auntie, i mean    <propfemale> <propfemale> nemethvargo "
can't wait for saturday!
homework 
