563dec1b7c5cd9028904e0132e15b877
yay thanksgiving but way toooo sooon
still sick  sad 
"no more doggies, no more beachfront house, no more cable, no more car   back to my shitty life again  sad "
fuck   im always bored here!
pizza coma
the <propfemale> and the frog is amazing!!!! go see it!!
is hating not feeling the joy of having a pet  sad 
is hating not having a pet  sad 
*sigh* the <propfemale> and the frog soundtrack puts a smile on my face  laugh 
blue skies and sunshine!
yay! xmas was sooooooo fun! i got a ton of stuff!
fucking sims3 game wont work   and age of empires isnt as fun  sad 
gots my sims 3 to work   took forever (about 5 hours) to sort through all my cc and delete some and catagorize it    now to play it!
ok so whats with my generation and only liking the disney women past 1989? kinda annoying   
is <propfemale> vu a way of the universe telling you you're where you're supposed to be??
"convert people to christianity to get a free day at disneyland? hell ya i will! i will provide my own blood to sign on the dotted line, thank you   "
i'm with coco!! nbc and leno can suck it! lol
i'm with coco!!!
what the fuck!? i hate bfs
"life kinda sucks, boys definetly suck, i have no money, but it's still a pretty day out  laugh "
listening to disney music and just got back from seeing my comet  laugh  he's so pretty
 love 's disney!
still missin my life at vista way   damn it's been 4 years!!  sad 
phone is off again  sad  sorry
bad dreams  sad 
do i know how to make bananas <propmale>? no   did that stop me? no   (it was actually kinda good)
had a weird dream that i was working back at the all <propfemale> music   had no idea where anything was lol
i found a ton of walt disney world recipes!! yayayyayaaayaya  laugh 
i made a decision that was very grown up of me   it sucks  sad 
 crying 
 laugh 
i missed <propfirst> connelly: journey to the edge of the world tonight ahhh!! darn
missing my comet  sad 
excited about tomorrow  laugh 
this day in history: tokyo disneyland opens - 1983 
 love 33333333333  laugh 
 love 3333333  laugh 
 love 33333333333333333333333333333 omg awesome awesome awesome! spent all night playing old school video games with the cooooooollleeessstt person ever!  laugh 
*sigh* what are we gonna do with ya?
wow
omg i guess i cant get at least 2 <propfemale> of silence can i???  sad 
i forgot how awesome video games can be  laugh 
why can't i focus on anything   jeeze!
am i the only chick who isn't bi? wtf? you people need to stop lol
 love 33333 cooking jambalaya from disney world and <propfirst> kart on wii   there is no better date  laugh    love 33333333
i have a crush on <propmale> maher  love 
hell yes im watching spice world!!! i love this movie!!!
this place gives me a headache
careful what you wish for  > wink 
everytime i fall asleep i have weird bad dreams    wtf?
ok so now its mexican food with my mom tonight instead of french food with a date tonight lol still cool  smile 
"the tudors is such a depressing show  sad  i mean, i knew what was going to happen but jeeze!"
what goes with rice?? we only have bacon and soup and cheese   hmmmm guess its just rice tonight lol
thanks mom  smile 
'stop calling me a guido!!' -<propfemale> to <propfirst> at 6am
 laugh 
nearly got caught in a group of screaming drunk half naked chicks clicking and clopping like horses toward another club   downtown sucks on sat nights! lol
"\keep our fingers crossed and lets say our prayers\"" to solve the oil crisis   really!?!?!?!? wtf!? how about doing something!?!?!! fucking disgusting people!"""
me sleep in? oh no! not here   how silly of me to think i could!
 love  reservoir dogs  love 
did anyone know that you can change youre facebook language to english(pirate)?? its awesome lol go change it!
"these retarded republicans need to stop talking out their asses and get over the fact they lost to a black man and leave the rest of <propfemale>, that loves the change and hope that came with obama, alone!"
"yay i love my cat, mom and bro  smile "
enjoy it! (ensh-joi eet)  love 
"ya, say something mean and disrespectful to me then feel sorry for yourself   nice"
this is all bullshit! living here fucking blows ass   
um why are people trying to sell 'boycott bp' shirts?? theyre trying to make a profit off of this horrible event so it makes them no better then bp!!!! wtf?
"so im watching some chef show where they cook for prvt parties & this one chick had a medievel theme but wanted 17th century food served, & the costumes were way off  seriously, do your research!!"
 love  my comet and disney   thats all i need in this world  love 
um why are people trying to sell 'boycott bp' shirts?? theyre trying to make a profit off of this horrible event so it makes them no better then bp!!!! wtf?
"dr oz: \cutting out mayo on a burger can take away 90 calories   ' michelle: \""   and half the fun!!!\"""""
<propmale> maher: \sorry no tweets lately but\,563dec1b7c5cd9028904e0132e15b877,so who's taking all these polls? you know the polls about obama's approval rating? i'm an american and i have never been asked   guess they only count some people and not others    
i miss my fam  sad 
england v  algeria @ 11 smile 0a!!! gotta watch it on a mexican station cuz <propfemale> doesnt care enough about soccer  annoyed     go england!!!!!
so fucking bored
i have an overwhelming urge to ride the carousel of progress 
usa & england!!!!! awesome  laugh 
cleaning the stove    then its laundry    then its cleaning the living room  i'm living the good life!!
the one time we get mexican food my rolled tacos sucked! that ruined my whole day  sad 
ya   i'm the bitch   ok   whatever 
 laugh  awesome   love 
 laugh  awesome  ?    fuck   no world cup for usa  sad    brought down my wonderful mood a little  sad 
"\that's an ugly-ass cupcake!!!\"" -<propfemale> to 'cupcake wars' ? still in an awesome mood! ?"""
these refs are retarded!
'shut up! <propmale> goldblum is talking!'
i  love  <propfirst> connolly
anyone else annoyed that everything has to be in 3d now??
"'i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation with morality, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all ' i think it sounds better    "
j'espère que cela fonctionne!
"\intriguing duality?!\"""""
je t'en prie  smile 
is there anything better then glitter?!?!? nope  =^ ^=
to people who think there are 'hidden' messages in disney movies: i hope you get back on your meds soon 
hope you know we're all fucked   people are incapable of change in any way  at least i know my children will not be having to deal with the massive environmental problems that we've caused 
"\quit licking the window!!!\"""""
?  love  disney ? ?
excited  smile  day -5
i  love  drag queens
i  love  disney music
"\i feel right <propfirst>  i feel right \"""""
i don't care i still  love  <propmale> gibson lol
i  love  the sound of airplanes passing by my apartment really early in the morning (no sarcasm)
"\this is nothing compared to the twig of '93!\"""""
why do old people seem to think that there are 'cyber police'??
watching pee wee's big adventure  love 33
"i have to try and accept the fact that most people are blind, deaf and dumb "
ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! crunchy grapes!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
whooo cardio is tough but kinda fun  smile  im proud
 love   love  planning my disney world vacation this christmas season!  love   love 
new day   new start  smile 
"'jesus had two dads, and he turned out fine   '"
biden's a badass!!!  love   http annoyed  news yahoo com s ap us_democrats_elections
damn   i am just awesome  laugh 
ordered chinese food and watchin cry baby  laugh 
homemade fried zucchini for dinner  laugh 
101 days til disney world   same number of dalmations too! lol
just discovered that in a bug's life there is a small scene with a trailer in it(after the circus bugs get fired) which is the same trailer <propmale> gets trapped in in monsters inc   and it has the same pizza planet delivery truck parked next to it as in toy story  having no life has never been so rewarding
"i hate how dry it is in san diego   i hate waking up to a dry nose, dry eyes and dry throat  sad "
ewwwwww! cleaning out the fridge    but i'm tired of everything (including the water) tasting like zucchini!  sad 
green day and afi tonight!!!
afi and green day kicked ass tonight!  love 
"\shit whore!!\"" -an old crazy lady was shouting again and again  ahh the sounds of downtown!"""
ok not sure why a neighbor of ours came to our door just now and asked us to keep it down   we were talking   apparently talking too loudly *rolls eyes* i dont complain about their little brats running around screaming from 6am to midnight do i??!?!? losers 
president obama is kicking ass at this conference  smile 
mmmm kool-aid  love 
"who woke up at 6am for no freakin reason?? oh ya, me! ugh"
drunk people are so obnoxious
i always end up sitting alone with my goat   
"\noise proves nothing--often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she had laid an asteroid \"" -<propfirst> twain"""
 love    love   love  77 days!!!!  love    love   love 
i just realized something   i can do anything i want 
downloaded about 15 languages for <propfemale> stone  laugh  welsh lesson 1 here i come!!!
snow white and the seven dwarfs blue <propfirst> is by far the crowning <propfirst> of my download collection! amazing!
anyone know its my bday on the 23rd?
<propfirst> <propmale> kicks ass!
<propfemale> is back on tour next year!!!  love  i will not miss her this time!!
thank you for all the birthday wishes!!!!!  love  you guys!!!!
rip comet
watching beauty and the beast  love 
"\here is adventure  here is romance  here is mystery  tropical rivers – silently flowing into the unknown  the unbelievable splendor of exotic flowers … the eerie sound of the jungle … with eyes that are always watching  this is adventureland \"" - walt disney"""
yay!!!! booked my tickets to <propmale> *o* disney world here i come!  love   love   love 
disney is my god now
this day in history: the walt disney world resort is officially dedicated in florida - 1971   smile 
i have made a very important decision   where to eat at the epcot world showcase during my trip to disney world  (yes im bored as hell)
ok i know you all read these so    whos voting on nov  2nd?
bullshit! mondo should have won!!! stupid ass tv
two very obnoxious people (blondie and baldie with the evil eyes) on real time tonight   ugh! they’re kinda proving that they’re nuts cause they’re being overly aggressive (to put it lightly)
watchin the rally  laugh 
i'm really tired of hearing opinions on the news   i don't care about your opinions oddly tanned news person   
i think half the country is still ruled by stupidity   
29 days   holy shit it's less then a month away!!! i have so much to do!
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm fish and chips at the field  love 
24 days!!!!  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
got a 50% off vip membership for live365    disney music all day everyday   is there anything better??
i need a new mouse! °o°
why do people still watch the simpsons??? cmon! you all can see its basicly hit rock bottom at least 4 seasons ago! (more like 12 seasons ago!)
http annoyed  disneyparks disney go com blog 2010 01 magic-kingdom-at-walt-disney-world-morning-to-night 
heck yes! just got 4 books for $10!
i would like to start doing my makeup like a normal person   
15 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *o*
of course   the fashion history class is at mesa   an hour long bus ride away instead of a 15 <propfemale> walk downhill from me at city college   my fucking luck!
message to <propfemale> stewart: we don't like you either  go away if you hate interviews and fans and movies and everything else    
8 days!! *o*
1 week left!!! *o*
disney world secret of the day: the water on splash mountain is required by law to be drinkable  *o*
"i give tangled a c+\disney needs to stick with traditional animation   but it was still kinda cute "
yuuummm chicago style pizza  laugh 
putting music on my mp3 player for my trip in about 3 days!!  love  98% of it is disney music! lol
omg omg omg omg omg im soooo excited!!!!!! disneyworld ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!  love   love   love   love   love   *o*  love   love   love   love   love 
24 hours and i'll be on my flight  love   love  *o*  love   love 
"when a cause comes along and you know in your bones that it is just , yet refuse to defend it--at that moment you begin to die and i have never seen so many corpses walking around talking about justice  - mumia abu <propmale>"
glad to be home  smile 
wow   now im in a bad mood cuz of watching hp and the half blood prince    bullshit
i hate when potentially good movies cast actresses that are horrible for the role!!! c'mon <propfemale> swank in a period piece??? um no   
i had a dream about time travel 
so bored
hell yes cookie monster's on snl  laugh  awesome (lets hope the rest of the show is good   )
no lunar eclipse tonight for me    raining bad outside lol
time for a french lesson   im gonna try and do at least an hour a day   maybe more if i feel like it  laugh 
kusi are such drama queens   'storm watch 2010!' trying to make a story out of nothing   this is hardly <propfemale> assholes!
i love the rain!  laugh  its pretty out today cuz its brighter but still raining  love 
conan = awesome
weird fact of the day: there's a british version of jersey shore   called 'the only way is essex'   funny as hell 
you try and tell someone   but nope   they dont listen  so whatever   i'm done with it  enjoy your choices  laugh 
"what the republicans are doing is trying to repeal the healthcare plan, for which they do not have the 2 3 rds votes to overturn a presidential veto to begin with, because once the law becomes affective come 2014 people will realize the strong benefits of the law first hand and at the same time will awaken to outright lies perpetrated by fox news and the republicans as well!"
snl would be so much funnier if that random retarded chick stopped barging in on every skit   oh wait she works there? please leave everyone alone <propfemale> wiig   youre not funny   
"\obama is not a brown-skinned anti-war socialist who gives away free healthcare  you're thinking of jesus \"" ~ <propfirst> fugelsang"""
calling all batman nerds: who do you think will be the villian(s) in the next batman movie?
so i just heard on the radio that some of the new american idol kids have never heard a beatles song in their life  if anyone on my friendslist has never heard a beatles song feel free to message me and ill give you the number to child protective services cuz you've obviously been deprived as a kid 
so   how do the people with a tattoo of their zodiac sign feel about this?
three days in england and two in <propfirst>?   love 
today's secret word of the day is shower!
kat <propmale> d is gross   so is <propfirst> james   they deserve eachother   plus it looks like they have the same diseases so thats convenient
"brothers week! if you've had a brother (or brothers) who've made you laugh, punched you, drove you crazy, helped you succeed, watched you fail, stuck up for you, cheered you on and who you can't live without, copy and paste this on your status! i'm so lucky to have an awesome big brother  laugh "
now i have a 100$ broken treadmill    awesome
"\a bug got to do what a bug got to doooo!!!\"""""
"listening to mouse world radio and they were playing epcot music (cool) but then they abrubtly change to \its tough to be a bug\"" which is in animal kingdom  i was in an epcot state of mind! cant just jump to animal kingdom with no warning! lol"""
quack   quack  quack  quack quack quack quack quack! gooooo ducks!!!!
too much talka talka not enough wocka wocka!!
