59e065e09babb5915cde9956d824cceb
"showing no mercy,\i'd do it again \open up your eyes \you keep on crying,\baby i'll bleed you dry "
"understands why they named this place touch, lol  oww!"
do something amazing with your life 
"i beg you, have <propfemale> with everything unresolved in your heart  try to love the questions themselves as if they were locked rooms or books written in a very foreign language  don't search for the answers, which can't be given to you now, because you wouldn't be able to understand them  perhaps someday, far in the future, you will gradually, without even noticing it, live your way into the answer "
don't spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for 
"nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent  it aint what they call you, it's what you answer to!"
"your lips drip with ease words so eloquently wrought, while mine are stifled, strangled and silenced by a novice’s unsteady breath "
astoria bound 
"it's sink or swim, baby, sink or swim!!"
"astoria bound   again, lol "
is swept up in all the jets frenzy  go gang green! lol
sincerely grateful  love 
"the reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be "
"rise & shine, new york!  smile "
"win, lose or draw, ima still rock my yankee fitted on tilt!!!"
out for a run in central park 
"she'll not be content in merely settling the score, but in putting you in the ground "
mercury bar  wink 
"turkish belly dancer will be making a comeback this year! lol village parade, 7pm!"
like somebody got a doll of me; stickin’ needles in my arteries   but i can’t feel it 
"when men first come into contact with crime, they abhor it  if they remain in contact with crime for a time, they become accustomed to it, and endure it  if they remain in contact with it long enough, they finally embrace it, and become influenced by it "
the things we do are not always a true measure of who we are 
it's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything 
astoria bound  wink 
"ice skating at <propmale> park, who's with me!!?  smile "
"you don't stand a <propmale>, matter fact, you don't have half the stance to stand if you stood half a <propmale> "
the needs of bodies masquerade as vital needs of souls for those who speak and masquerade as someone who is whole 
"it's a hard knock life, that's for sure, just don't let yourself get too hardened by those knocks you receive in life  cooler and sleeker on the outside, and virtually impenetrable emotionally, as you learn how not to be hurt  this can't be the way to live  that armor looks heavy; i say we slip into something lighter "
you're getting better at this 
"enjoyed the evening even though nothing went as planned, haha  wink "
"i owe my life to you, but for the life of me, i don't see why you don't see like i do "
"beautiful day, nyc  caramel apple spice and a light read at <propmale> park  smile  own this city!!"
<propfemale>'s secret fashion show tonight on cbs!
halal food!!
"the measure of a healthy relationship is not how well you can avoid conflict, but rather how well you're able to resolve it "
"<propfirst> avenue, how i've missed thee!"
metropolitan museum of <propmale>!  love 
"another brisk, but <propfemale> morning here in the big apple  rise & shine, ny!"
"it would be nice if we could put away and throw out   everything, except what really mattered  life isn't so kind  but -- for that which i should love, for that which gives me love, i will do anything "
"i got my mojo back, baby  ohh behaveee  wink "
"nyc is bustling with life tonight! avoid 5th avenue at all costs!! you will be trampled by the stampede of holiday shoppers  i almost lost my life, lol  good looks, big man "
"ooh, if you’re looking for real love, don’t come around here \ooh, if you’re looking for real love, it ain't here my dear "
astoria bound  smile 
falafel!
"my \check in\"" feature isn't working!? lol \",59e065e09babb5915cde9956d824cceb,"hasn't had this much fun in aeons! lol \happy holidays, tri-state  smile "
"fali mi ljubav\a srce me salje tebi\lagalo ne bi\kad si mi blizu\<propfemale> pucam u nizu i gorim\za usnama tvojimmm!!"
hoboken bound!
"every soul has its secret sorrows which the world knows not, and oftentimes we call a man cold, when it's only his heart that's distraught "
deuces!
"rise & shine, new york!!"
"and it's goooood!!! excellent execution by new york's premier team, jets jets jets!"
celebratory drinks  cheers!
knickerbockers vs  lakers  lets go new york!!
hookah tonight!
great success!
\men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit," because gratitude is a burden and revenge a pleasure \""\"59e065e09babb5915cde9956d824cceb,"emotions are a token of the heart’s intent,\but the streak on your cheek makes your heart resent,\as you lament\emotions misspent,\hellbent on bouncing back\as you release your breath "
<propmale> cheney needing a heart transplant is making me rethink being an organ donor 
perhaps he was past the stage where vile behavior was anything other than e playful ected; perhaps to him it was loyalty and honor that were the rare finds 
"\i'm going to hell in every religion\""   lmaoo"""
"and if at first you don't succeed,\dust yourself off and try again "
"state of the union address, abc channel 7 "
"hope floats, but drowns those who clutch on to it for too long "
"egypt has shut down all internet, landlines and cell phones in response to anti-government protests  \\a gay rights activist was murdered outside his home in uganda \\a bomb attack at moscow's domodedovo airport has killed at least 35 people and injured more than 100 \\something probably happened on the jersey shore last night  \\which of these stories are you following?"
"you might not be the one, but you're the one i want  nyc never looked so good  wink "
gansevoort  wink 
thoughts weigh too heavily to sleep lightly 
"laundry, vacuuming, dusting - anela is all things domestic today!"
the packers retired the wiz khalifa joint  thank you 
monday night mojitos  wink 
who wants to be my <propfirst>?!  wink 
"being in a relationship is equally as undesirable as being single, haha  happy <propfirst>'s day to all!  wink "
"you, above all, are worthy of your love  nyc for the night!"
i often believe that the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return 
"<propfemale> zelim te a znam\da ne smem to\da te volim nije sudjeno\poljupci su tvoji opasni i zarazni "
"if you are a minor internet celebrity, please do not base your self-worth on likes, re-blogs or re-tweets; that's just sad "
brother: \mom," are you on drugs? lol\""\"59e065e09babb5915cde9956d824cceb,"a glance does not say anything, and at the same time it says everything "
"\you americans are more suspicious than the french \"""""
"the people around us, even our closest friends, will always to some extent remain mysterious and unfathomable  their characters have secret recesses that they never reveal   "
svašta!
"ironic - you been sleeping on the one that you been dreamin' 'bout  rise & shine, ny!"
"at least my cubicle faces a window, haha  beautiful day!  smile "
"the person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years, but the one with the richest e playful eriences  - rousseau"
"my head is bloody, but unbowed "
there's nothing you can pull on me this april fool's day that would be worse than anything that's already happened to me this year  lol
