f09cfbb7e73d47a7cd0b7e7f86524b21
"i am sooo happy about the new little baby!!! congrads to my sister, <propfemale> and my brother-in-law love, <propfirst>!! i love cambree aka <propfemale>!!!!"
"little <propfemale> is <propfemale> sweet    she is so sweet to hold  so sweet to look at  it hurts my heart to see her cry    and then i start to cry, because i then start to realize that my mom isnt here to take this all in    my mom cant hold her first little girl gra"
so many things to decide on    i don't know what to do! i have to make up my mind    i need some help!
hanging with the family    going to minnesota this weekend with <propfemale>    i am so not ready end my high school years    i don't want to be a senior!
can't wait for school to start! ***i wish she was still here*** love 
i need some help    i have this song stuck in my head and i really want to know who sings it and what the title is    here are some of the lryics   'i am just calling you to see if your sleeping are you dreaming if your dream are you dreaming of me'    thats all i got please help me i really want to know what this song is!
is so into the new school year and is really excited to be a senior! best year of my life right?  love 
yayz! act test tomorrow  i am so scared  but i can't wait to see my score! i really hope i do well 
thinking about college  i can't wait untill i get to go! i am so excited! i am high on life right now   still missing my mom but i know she is here!   love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
is so excited! i am going on a trip with <propfemale> and leaving today! and yesterday i got to skip out on pe because of ffa!!! yayz for no pe!!!!!!
"'tell your boyfriend if he says hes got beef, that i'm a vegetarian and i ain't f***ing scared of him ' don't trust me by 3oh!3  i have had it in my head all day! and i am a little scared to taking my business test    "
"got to <propfemale>'s  it took longer than i am used to, but there was the weather  man, i am starting to hate the winter  i guess thats why i like the fall  but i am so glad i am here  and happy birthday to my unlce <propfirst> and my dad  they are both 50 today! man they are old!! but i still love them!"
"i drove to <propfemale>'s all by myself!!!! i'm a big kid now!! it was fun, but i still don't like it when people drive the speed limit  man! now i am just watching the kids all by myself  wow this is a learning day! the kids are just so cute!i love them so much!"
"i got accepted!!! grand view is my college! woot! this year is starting off good, but i so hope that it doesn't go bad in a second  wow i hope everyone else is having a good year!"
i      don't       know      i guess it is just time to go crazy!!!
had a bad bay and i tried signing a sad song but that just made me cry  but now i am hanging out with my friend <propfemale> and loving it!
"just got my phone to finally let me get back on facebook  my life is complete    not really, but close enough!"
up set about my life    hopefully life will get better    but i doubt it 
when it rains it pours and that's my life  raining all over the place 
"hanging out with aunt faith, and looking forward to tomorrow to see all the family at cousin <propmale>'s thing    love you all!!"
"     i don't know what to think anymore  crying to much, thinking to much    evening praying and grandpa still isn't himself  sometimes i wonder if he will ever be him again   "
you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed  sing like bird  dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on a sunday night  you make me dance like a fool  forget how to breathe  shine like gold  buzz like a <propfemale>  just the thought of you can drive me wildohh you make me smile
thanks for all the prayers and all the things everyone is doing for us   
rain!!! woot!!! i am loving the thunder storms!!!
"\i'll fill those canyons in your soul  like a river lead you home  and i'll walk a step behind  in the shadows so you shine  just ask it will be done  and i will prove my love  until you're sure that i'm \""the one\"" \"" - gray <propmale>  check it out!"""
"singing, and drinking mountain dew, and loving life!"
"i am liking about the song \let's give 'em something to talk about\"" by <propfemale> raitt and i am also thinnking about love and how it sucks  but it is all you want  is there any one that feels the same way?\",f09cfbb7e73d47a7cd0b7e7f86524b21,"so you sailed away\into a grey sky morning\now i'm here to stay\love can be so boring \was it what you wanted\could it be i'm haunted \but it's not so bad\you're only the best i ever had\you don't want me back\you're just the best i ever had\you're just the best i ever had"
"dumb people trying to go mudding on level b roads, and getting stuck     rules about mudding (1) have a four - wheeler or a four wheel drive truck (2) always be smarter than the mud    or you are just as dumb as the mud you drive in   "
really!!! cows are out!!! at 10!!! and we have no one to call!!! why?!?!?!
woot  mother's day     yep    that's all i got   
i am all alone     have nothing to do  the tv doesnt work  and i really don't want to go out side again  and yet another boring day 
"i am all by myself     i am wishing someone was here, so i had someone to talk to    i am really sad    "
"only has five days of school left  \\---- and to <propfemale> and faith---- how do you like me now!!! i just heard it on the radio  just thought i should share that with you! oh, fun times    almost getting kicked out of dq! lol!!"
"'i’m a b*tch i’m a lover i’m a child i’m a mother i’m a sinner i’m a saint i do not feel ashamed i’m your hell i’m your dream i’m nothin’ in between you know, you wouldn’t want it any other way' --- alanis morissette  great"
"*sigh* 1 year ago  i thought who wouldn't want to be me    now i think no body would even want to spend one second in my life  and i wish i could leave it    one day can change your life, so live in the moment!"
i am done with school and am so excited to do stuff this summer  i can't wait to go to college!
thank you to all the people that <propmale> out with me tonight! i enjoyed it so much!! i can't believe that next year i won't be here    sad face!
"in the end, i want to be standing at the beginning with you "
"my loneliness is killing me! i must confess, i still believe! when i'm not with you i lose my mind! give me a sign! hit me baby one more time!"
"why texas? why are you so hot?!? i hate it  i actually can't wait to get back to iowa! i did have and still having fun, texas, but you are too hot!"
who can say if i've been changed for the better? but because i knew you i have been changed for good …  well may be that we will never meet again in this lifetime so let me say before we partso much of me is made of what i learned from you  you'll be with me like a handprint on my heartand now whatever way our stories end  i know you have re-written mine by being my friend   
"every night in my dreams i see you  i feel you  that is how i know you go on  far across the distance  and spaces between us, you have come to show you go on  near, far, wherever you are i believe that the heart does go on  once more you open the door, and you're here in my heart, and my heart will go on and on  love can touch us one time, and last for a lifetime "
watching 'the count of <propmale> cristo' for the second time today! i love this movie!!!
human life is like a fire  it starts off so big and clams down after a while but then  you add something to it and it is back to its old self  and fires die the same way humans do  you can go peacefully or you can go the other way  same with fire rain can stop a fire short or it can go on a long time  but once the fire is gone it always continues to burn in someone else  'to my mom and grandpa <propmale>'
i don't even know what is on my mind any more  i feel like i am drowning in a ocean and i can't get out of it  maybe it will get easier if i spend sometime on my own    but like that will ever happen  please god i beg you make my life easier or a little bit better  and i will love you more than i already do 
why can't life be like a good movie? everything going the way it is supposed to  everyone happy  but life doesn't work that way  i hope wishing it did makes life easier 
*sigh* sometimes i just wish life could go the way it should    why do things just go the totally stupid way? ugh! some beach!!! *sigh*
edhjujededwseddfweujdffdkjgkajkedfjkskxfssdwefcfgsdfcnbfjsddjsdujcbdhasjekgnjshwfkgdidfbewjndbjkshxfjcxjkfkjgfndfhjswjk$$$ffjsjdjdmrjswigfhgfswkxnrfdfsddjujeiwkncbfjakeorhxjlaleirhfbkpqod      that is my life right now   
got a lot of sleep last night  i had fun at camp and glad that i went  after church tomorrow i get to go to des moines and all by myself!! pray for me!
"i just got home from my ciy trip  it was pretty fun, but really hot  i am so glad to be home for a couple of days "
i have a cold    i hate it! but i did get to sleep like all day  it was a-w-e-s-o-m-e!!! but i am going to go to adventureland on monday    it is going to be intense!
"i don't usually like movies that make fun of other movies, but i think i might go to the 'vampires suck' movie  i laugh at the previews!!!"
i can't wait!!! turning 18 in like 3 days and then moving to des moines in like 7 days!!! i am so ready to start college and my first year in official adult-hood!!!
i can't believe that i am 18!!! i feel so old!!! but thank you every one for the birthday wishes  and help me keep praying for my papa <propmale>  he is in the hospital and i just want him to get better 
oh my god!!! i can't believe that i am leaving for des moines tomorrow!!! good bye old people and hello to hot college guys!!!! woot!!!!
"i just heard a little christmas tune and now i can't want for christmas time!!! and now my sister jenn is whistling the song!!! dear <propfemale>, make christmas come sooner!!!"
"i have a little laugh when i see everyone posting \class  sad '    i don't start class until the 30th and i probably get out before most of everyone!!! and for people going into college this should be fun to start a new year and new classes!!!"""
i just can't believe that i m almost in college! i thought this day would never come and now it is here! it is a little weird  but i love the new stuff i got for my room  thanks so much <propfemale> hershberger!!!
i am so weak! i just watched tarzan the movie  and i cried!!! i am such a wimp!!!
i love how people surprise me  i think of them in one way and something is said or done and it changes the way i look at them forever  i am in awe at the people in my life  thanks go out to all who are in it!!! you make it worth living!  smile 
"life is sometimes to shocking to deal with  sometimes i just want to sleep life away, because my dreams are better than reality "
\maybe it's true\,f09cfbb7e73d47a7cd0b7e7f86524b21,"new school, new people, new friends and new rooms  it is cool and exciting but weird and scary all at the same time! i hope it is always this fun  e playful ect there is a lot of walking but i am getting used to it "
having so much fun at grand view!!! first football was yesterday and we won!!! 28 to 0 it was totally awesome! i can't wait for classes to start tomorrow!!! i also had so much fun last at <propmale>'s place! i loved watching the game of skittles!!! that was funny! woot!!! i love this place i hope everyday is as good as this weekend!!!!
college is going great  classes started today! it was so awesome!!!!
"i love the rain and i am glad that it cooled off, but i hate squeaky shoes!!! they drive me crazy!"
classes are going great i don't have a lot of homework    for now  but i got sick  i have a horrible cough and i hate it  it feels like i am dying! i hope i don't get anyone else sick ( i would feel really bad!!!) and i really hope i get better 
"so, everyone is going home this weekend and i was going to stay but if no one is going to be here with me i don't think i want to stay  i still haven't made up my mind yet but i am leaning to going home  what is everyone's opinion? i have until 11 tomorrow to make up my mind "
i love when my little nephew says my name! it is the cutest thing in the world!!! i love my little nephews and niece! i can't wait until <propfemale> has another one!!! i still say she is having to  i prayed to god  he will make it happen!
"i may have a smile on my face but i am always crying  crying out for someone to listen  crying out for someone to hold  crying out for someone to tell me it will get better  crying with tears running down my face  but everyone says you're so happy, or you're so strong  d*mn, i should be an actress if i am this believable "
sometimes i feel that i get more into the movies i play for my two year old nephew  so    right now i am watching <propmale> and laughing because he is playing upstairs with his mom while i am down stairs watching <propmale>      by the way     did anyone know <propmale>'s voice is a african american?!?
volleyball was fun  but i am soooo tired  i don't want to wake up tomorrow and i haven't even fell asleep yet  i hurt already  i really don't want to know how i am going to feel tomorrow 
where is the guy that just knows what to say and when to say it? where is the guy who loves me for me? where is the guy that knows all my wrongs and makes them right? where is the guy that holds me when i am crying and instead of asking for answers he just holds me? where is the guy of my dreams? sometimes i feel there is no guy that is the guy 
feeling down  need someone to talk too  text me if you can be my shoulder to cry on  i hope i get out of this mood soon 
keep it in knudsen!!! vote for @<propfemale> vanderschel and @k-den theragin bronzynski!!! voting is in the student center tuesday 9 21 ten to two!!!
ggggggggggggggggggggggggglllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeewoot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 i am so f***ing excited!!! everyone should be watching this!!!
"i love it!!!! it is going good tonight  i am chilling with <propfemale> hearn, <propfemale> <propfemale> fleshner, and <propfemale> lowery  it is so funny!!!!!! lololololololololol  everyone should be hanging in my room! it is so fun!!!"
    when is my school break coming?     and i need a break from life? who wants to help?!
i am totally a awesome fan!!! i am sitting in the rain to watch the game    also freezing my butt off!!!
my day    didn't wake up until 10  ate mcdonald's then ate lunch at 12  when to the game at 1  ate again at 5  went to church at 6 smile 0  watched some boys play basketball after the church service  then that brought me to the pancakes at midnight  after pancakes i played some rock band!!! woot! i think everyday should be like this!!!
i got a nap today and i still feel tired! i need more sleep i say nap tomorrow!!!
"i want to show this world why i believe what i believe, i\want to shine a light and let them see what i have seen \\it’s not enough to testify with words, reach out in love and\the message will be heard  \\this is a call to\action to make the world a better place in his holy name!\\reach out and heal the broken feed the hungry, clothe the\poor that’s what love is for!!! – call to action by dutton!!!"
"i want to show this world why i believe what i believe, i want to shine a light and let them see what i have seen it's not enough to testify with words, reach out in love and the message will be heard this is a call to action to make the world a better place in his holy name! reach out and heal the broken, feed the hungry, clothe the poor that's what love is for!!!-- call to action by dutton!!!"
"i love being high on life!!! man, god is good and i am glad he put the most wonderful and coolest people in my life!!! i am glad he has giving me everything i need!!! what else could i need or want?!?"
"life is a crazy, silly, scary, exciting, sometimes sad, and happy roller-coaster ride; but knowing that i have wonderful people in my life to ride this crazy, silly life with me makes it all worth it! ~ thanks everyone for being there~  smile   love "
i just hate it when i truly find out that life sucks and never goes the way i want    why can't i just be happy??? when do happy endings ever happen?!?!?!
just sitting here thinking what should i do with my life    then i think why not just wing it!!!  smile 
"blah     i don't know, so i am just going to wing it for the rest of the week  woot for spur of the moment!!! let's make some plans for the week people!  smile "
 sad      sometimes life just isn't the way it is suppose to be    i hope things get better    
everything and nothing is on my mind     and i am oddly ok with that!!!  smile 
i really wanted to update my status but i really don't know what to say    but i guess this is an update    so it's all good!
sitting in my room chillin' waiting for <propfemale> hearn to get out of class at 1 so we can wait for <propfemale> <propfemale> fleshner to get out at 2 so we can have lunch at stacks    and i really wish the one guy i really like would just like me back!!! all i want is to <propfemale> out and maybe date him   ugh    why can't life go the way i want    i hope that waiting it out will make it worth it one day 
"omg!!!! i just had to walk on first floor knudsen!!! it was one of the weirdest things i had to do    i had to get something from the printer and forgot my keys and had to walk on the first floor to get back to the second floor    btw the first floor is the boys' floor, for those of you who don't know \so glad that no ones door was open and that <propfemale> <propfemale> fleshner was with me!"
iowa win + nebraska win = happy <propfemale>!!!! i am watching the iowa game and nebraska game with <propfemale> hearn!!!! woot if both teams win!!!! and they better    
"is it sad that i have like 30 ring tones that i put on my phone, but i still don't know what to set my ring tone as?"
why?!?!? the grand view website needs to work     i really need to register for my classes!!! ugh!!!  sad 
my life is like a movie going by slowly and sometimes i feel like there just isn't going to be a happy ending   
if 'its and buts' where '<propfemale> and nuts' we would all have a <propfemale> christmas     lol!!! the big bang theory!!!
sitting in government class and hating every minute of it    i can't wait for thanksgiving break    only eight more days    ugh! it should come faster 
has no one to talk to    and hates sitting in class    ugh thanksgiving needs to come faster!!!
can't believe that the government teacher made us have class today  there was like half the class gone  ugh! classes    i can't wait for wednesday    no school for five days    can not wait!!!!
"i am in the world were i think one thing and everyone else has already done it  or i do one thing and everyone says that it is uncool  stupid world    guess what! i don't care what you think, say or do  i am my own person and i am going to do what i want and i am going to live as if there is no tomorrow  so take that world!!!!! i am awesome!!!!! and you can just go away! so ha! in your face!!!"
is really really bored in government class  i wish i wasn't sitting in the class right now 
ugh!!! why is facebook so addicting and homework so not?!?! i really need to get some work done but totally don't want to      sad face     ugh!!!! stupid homework    
"\tell the devil i said hey when you get back to where your from\"" <propmale> mars - grenade"""
why are all the guys i like way out of my league or taken     i just want one to like me back     ugh!!! where is that right one?!?!     *sigh* i guess i am just going to have to wait     *sad face* waiting     sad 
"nine counties, three hours, forty-eight song all to get to one place *sigh* home  it is so good to be back in the home town of sutherland!!!  smile  and it was awesome hanging out with <propfemale> tonight!"
sometimes i just wish there was background music to my life    i think an epic song would be playing right now    the reason    because i am epic!!!!!! that's right!! lol
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! one of the best parts of today is that this morning my wake up call was my little nephew jumping on me saying \<propfemale> has been here! <propfemale> has been here!!\"" awe the happy moments in life   laugh """
i wish you were my homework so i could do you on my desk - faith jalas    lol all the times in the world and i love the ones i get to spend with my friends!  smile  thanks guys!!!  laugh 
"today, i got to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> miller    today was a good day!  laugh  lol!!!"
is the facebook thing real or is it just a scam? i mean i  don't think that the message is from <propfirst> zuckerberg     it seems really weird     i think it is a scam so i am not going to send it  i mean there are other ways to check if someone is inactive on facebook and those that aren't 
my heart jumps just a little when i hear your ringtone on my phone    i let it play out so i can hear the end    but when it stops and i send the message back    i wonder if your heart jumps too    or if it is just me being weird    sometimes i just have to wonder   
needs either something to do or someone to talk to   ugh so bored!!! *sigh*
"first day back is done and it went pretty well  i just hope we get a \snow day\"" tomorrow    it will feel like high school all over again   smile """
"\i think i would do anything for free stuff\"" - <propfemale> fleshner    lol!!!  laugh """
my ready is going to kick your ready' butt!!!     it was just on a commercial and i thought it was a good line  smile  and it's true your ready is going down!!!
so this class was pointless  all we are doing is working on a paper    i could have done this in my room and not even had to walk outside  ugh     i just wish i was in my room  i can't wait for my next class 
i always wondered what college life was like and now that i am here it's kinda pointless     maybe i need more friends     i guess that's one more to add to the list 
just watched a guy adjust his strings on his hoodie to make them even  it made me smile  smile  i think it was awesome 
"today has been a good day  i had to help a group with a project while they were giving it in class, which was funny  i also had my history class canceled for the second time this week!!! it is a pretty good day  i hope it keeps up!!!  smile "
f*** my life!!! i lost my ipod    it is probably broken were ever it is     and i just broke my f***ing chair!!!! ugh!!! i guess this proves that one good day is evened out with a bad day     ugh!!!!
i maybe bad but i am perfectly good at it!
"doesn't know what is on my mind anymore  i think there needs to be a little change in my life    how in the hell am i going to change? i don't know, but i am going to find a way "
"i love that you make me fell like i'm in love  you, on the other hand, i can take or leave "
life sucks    yep that is pretty much my feelings right now     all those who are happy and in love    i hate you    peace!!!
"thank you, people who make up the holidays, for making me feel like no one loves me! and for those who are in love    f*ck you! hope you have a great day   smile "
i am really wishing that one of my high school friends were here    i could just really use a hug right now 
way to go grand view basketball team!!! that was a good game and so intense!!!  smile 
singing char with my awesome roommate haleigh munson    it's scary how much we have in common  lol!!! it's pretty good night 
"sometimes i wish she was still here  here to talk to me and listen to me  here to hold me when things are good and bad    here to sing that embarrassing song she made up that has my name in it    why did she have to leave me so early     i miss you so much, mom    i love you!!!"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !!"
"it isn't that i'm not a people person, i'm just not a stupid people person   smile "
"if you knew that i was going to die tomorrow, what would be your last words to me?"
yep     life    
if the police car is going faster than you are    there is something wrong    
i wish it was spring break!!!!! i only have four more days!!! i cant wait!!!
"sibling war! copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands for one hour without your brothers and sisters protesting, it is so"
"sitting at my desk, drinking milk out of a coffee mug  yep i feel pretty special     and thanks <propfirst> <propmale> for making my day better! love you lots!!!"
ugh!!! 48 hours can not go fast enough!!!      all i want is it to be friday     i can't wait to get out of here for a whole week!!!
is having a totally awesome day!!!!
i didn't know how fake <propfemale> wars was until i sat down and watched it      all i got to say is wow!
you can make a boy man-up but you can't make him a man 
"when your a winner, go to dinner!!!  smile "
is about to leave this stupid and pointless class     ugh!!! and then people wonder why i don't like other people     
stupid smart phone and turning off when i told you too! ugh stop it!!!
three papers done!!! woot! and one of them isn't even due until april! and it is only saturday! i am so awesome!!!
has decided that she needs more friends at college    ugh!!!! i am so bored right now!
floor smells like smoke and bear cans in the trash can    omg people! at least try to cover it up!!!
my day just got awesomer!!! and yep i just made-up that word!!!  smile 
