cf7d7ae8e4aff9eeca3b77a59d55fae7
"1,2,3    "
goodbye my love    
crap it closed up    someone re-pierce me    
is pretty sure he has the swine flu    sorry if you have it now    *sucks on vitamin c pill*
so that's what people do on halloween 
"when i grow up, i want to be a forester run through the moss on high heels that’s what i’ll do, throwing out boomerang waiting for it to come back to me     "
i have 5 bags of halloween <propfemale>  life is good 
i've never been drunk this early  i'm guessing that's what happens when you <propfemale> out with older people?
is in need of an open mic    the blue nile tonight maybe?
"thursday, and friday are sold out    if you want to see the show saturday is all that's left! make reservations!"
too scared to jump when there's no landing in sight 
cause i'm yours to keep if you want to 
i finally get to clean  all of it  as much as i let myself   
i don't need your leftovers you can have it all 
wants to see the <propfemale> and the frog 
never gets a break    
memorizing    
loves joss whedon 
"new years in dublin  too much fun, too much drama  legally drunk  smile  "
"i thought maybe if i kissed the way you do, you'd feel it too "
fingers crossed  time to shine 
i got it! then i reminded him my schedule and then lost it   maybe?   lol
"edamame, oreos, vegan pizza, and practice makes perfect "
dam you kinkos    eating my money up   
class is in a couple hours and i don't know if i should sleep 
loves how i forgot how to use final cut pro   
it never works out how you planned 
"a night of hip hop, salsa, reggaetón, and belly dancing    and maybe connections   ?"
"only day off, must see a show     columbinus   sold out    strike-slip it is "
"like the river flow into the sea, somethings are meant to be   oh fortune cookie   "
fuck today i'm going to enjoy the weather and go see avenue q  alone 
there's a fine fine line 
astrology is fun  too much fun   
"i have to talk to the <propfirst> of academic affairs, at first i thought i was in trouble but nope i get to spill the beans "
audition song search   go!
caffine makes me want to sing  but caffine is bad for your voice  to sing or not to sing 
"why is my laundry on my bed still wet   i dried it two days ago   \or maybe i had an accident   \\oh no, haha shucks   it's just cat pee "
so this is camping   
went into the woods and got lost  all i saw was a white tail and then as i walked on the path a <propfemale> jumped out at me and let out a nasty snort  i intruded  and it sat next to me  life was complete 
time for a change    
i freaking miss digimon 
spent friday the 13th making a new connections and gaining a new perspective on my life  this should come around more often  smile  
"feature length film this week, cool beans  minnesota is where the magics at "
lack of sleep = leaving wallet on the bus  fml
went to north minneapolis to reclaim my lost wallet and got lost for about an hour but ened up getting everything back! had to rush to my class    30 minutes late   and fell in front of everyone while they were in lotus positions on my face because these sweat pants are way too big for me  can't decide if this is a good or bad day    
so i want to wake up at 4 in the morning to write a paper only to find out its due next week    so tired    
getting crunk 
"first time someone throw up on the table  \in front of me!!!!"
just found out <propfemale> is sold out    anyone have any for sale or extra tickets? i need them  bad 
going out tonight for a friend on three hours of sleep  i'm not sleeping beauty but hey i'll take snow white to keep grumpy dwarf in check  at least i learned how to roll a cigarette today in class    i can taste the tobacco on my lips  delicious 
can it be november 19 now? please 
"omg i went downtown and saw a fight turn bloody and a guy got hit on his bike by someone going 50 mph  no really there was sparks, somehow the guy survived  gah"
so thats what the margolis method is    alright  
why do they build malls like prisons?
lol someone asked me where i was from because i don't sound like the other asians in my class 
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas   
"too happy  after months of trying to get a ticket for a sold out show by not paying over twice of what the tickets cost   i finally     got    it     robyn my love, here i come!"
"night was full of surprises  got to see one of the best shows i've ever seen and at the same time one of the worst crowds ever  \i apologize robyn    minnesota nice didn't cut it \\but she looked and smiled at me twice so i can die now \\good  night "
maybe i should minor in film so i can use final cut pro for free   
aran islands are freezing  but i see shooting stars every other minute  tell me your wish and i'll make it for you  smile  
one more day and i'll be back  prepare  tell me if you want something before it's too late 
"\we are all on adderal  this is going to be a fun flight home \"" oh gosh  oh well i'm going out alone! again! wish you guys were with me so we could kill it!"""
ain't nothing wrong with a little bit of trouble 
friends should not offer friends drinks on rehearsal breaks  especially when its a 24 hour play festival  if anyone is bored come see me tonight at rarig!
shopping for clothes i would never wear for class    
green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow  you know how we do 
walked 2 hours in the cold for rehearsal  enlightened 
waiting for my girl <propfemale> to get on stage!
"\you guys are the best crowd i've had on this tour \"" - <propfemale>  all thanks to me  no lie """
if you need a break from cramming come see the wall tonight at 7 pm  it's free!
first there was a feather and now it's bleach  mediocrity is fleeting 
so this computer wants to delete my 3 hours of editing  fml  i want to punch something 
found out deers are scary and my patronous charm would be an owl  not a magik carp 
