e90f89ea897338b0da51302b4936bbfd
"you thought you were there to guide me, you were only in my way"
is keyser soze 
ain't gonna work on <propfemale>'s farm no more 
"has desert eagle point five oh written down the side of his, which should precipitate your balls into shrinking along with your presence "
"sorta like 7-11, not always doing business, but always open "
ekke ekke ekke ekke ptang zoo boing zow zing
live fast cause if you dont take it youll never make it
never lived in fear i knew i'd die another day 
whos that faggot on he wall with a tuba?! fuck salt!
never thought wearing regular clothes could be so exciting 
found out why you should follow dishwasher microwave safe ratings 
"i never lived in fear i knew i'd die another day i never viewed my life as something    slipping away \okay record this goddamit  im gonna play some drums \"" the rev"""
oj tainttaint *click*click
please spell all texts to my fone phonetically so my text message reader can understand you 
jer is spanish for her 
bie 
you're not the only one refusing to back down you're not the only one so get up let's start a riot
hungover movie day
has a drivers license? and a motorcycle permit? confused 
chickity <propfemale> you have?
is gettin shit turned around 
aqua teen hunger force  number one in the hood g 
"it could be worse, a woman could cut off your penis while youre sleeping and toss it out the window of a moving car "
everyone go watch fight club 
la morte mi troverà vivo
wants to be the next stig 
wants to go fast 
cigarrette butt happy twice  thats she what she said 
thinks you should give someone something to smile about for the rest of their life 
break-3dg
bunnies freak me out 
the wind is really about to blow my house down 
chevelle sleep apnea
possibly worst fortune cookie evar  you constantly struggle for self improvement - and it shows  wasnt mine 
chevelle - fell into your shoes
just got finished trying to e playful lain basic relative motion to a bunch of anonymous tards  today has not been a complete waste 
is thinking of moving to road atlanta  mountains were awesome  time to step it up 
fiscally responsible    no  how many times you live? fuck it 
i dunno whos texting me    please stop  its like having a ridiculous itch while wearing a space suit while lifting off  not going to happen  no matter what  fb is unfortunately the only way to get hold of me  for those that are now unstoppably tempted to text    stop yourself 
op fp has been green lighted  opfor minimal  proceed as planned  monkey took the banana 
ze australians were like    wtf mate?
"fuckin' what the fuckin' fuck, who the fuck fucked this fucking    how  did you two fucking fucks     fuck!"
"is half man, half bear, half pig "
"tending your wounds, thinking of adding another"
who tecksted me?
curse instrumental
long legged pissed off puerto rican 
ahhh!!! zombies  scary shit  which made me think of ahhh real monsters  more awesome oldschool cartoons?
has over 3300 songs on random to find the right music for the mood 
"hells yeah ferrari, 1st and 2nd in the season opener  schumacher still made points, not sure how i feel about that yet "
ugh
"i need more cowbell! and if youce got it, sport some ferrari"
"how can i be lost, if i've got nowhere to go?"
is leaving for nc at 1130 wednesday 
nc went as e playful ected  drunk  <propmale> out with good peoples  back in ga    and drunk again  my neck hurts 
if i went and said i was emperor because some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me theyd put me away!
"to begin whipping dance of the dead, color our world blackened!"
what happened to spring? i want my high 50's and low 70's back!
stand tall  they’ll break your heart  stand tall  they’ll smash your ego  stand tall  they’ll tear you down  stand tall  scar your soul 
needs more ink  a fair amount really 
i dunno if anyone noticed    but the weather listened to me  almost completely  i said low 70's and high 50's    this is pretty close and i will no longer complain  thank you weather 
woohoo! im getting better at doing assignments    too bad the semester's almost over 
wants to be out  anyone around atlanta want to <propfemale> out and do something free? like sit around and laugh at things that probably arent that funny or other fun free things like that?
"atreyu - the curse, bullet - the poison & scream aim fire, a7x - waking the fallen & sounding the seventh trumpet  repeat all, shuffle  time to terrorize 85n    yay!!!"
"fried, but enjoyed the process of getting burned as badly as i is  suzuki superbike showdown always has and, as long as it continues, always will be an awesome event "
name that tarantino scene: background music is stuck in the middle with you by stealers wheel  go 
doesnt like the stupid wetness 
"the remainder is an unjustifiable, egotistical power struggle at the  e playful ense of the american dream"
"cops everywhere!!! really  from stone mountain to north gwinnett via 285-85 i saw 14  dekalb county is in reg crown vics but in gwinnett they are black unmarked new impalas, possibly gsp, hiding on the shoulder of the hov <propfirst>  watch out!"
"people seem to like me because i’m polite and i’m rarely late  i like  ice cream and i really enjoy a nice pair of slacks  years later, a  doctor will tell me i have an iq of 48 and am what some people call  mentally retarded"
with a gun barrel between your teeth you only speak in vowels 
"the only thing thats been on my mind, is the one  thing i need before i diiiiiiiiiiiiee   "
hold on hold i always wanted this waaaaay!!!!!!
is about to go get wet 
owwwwww!
"three days grace gets better live each time  i also come back with more bruises and stuff  little bit of somebody elses blood    left thigh destroyed, damn good time "
hells yeah dai!!! just wish essa hadnt lost his cool against gitten 
sleep!
the world is a joke when out of love please come back to us you're all of the above i'm making a choice to be out of touch leave me be he said
phones dont like swimming  just letting everyone know    and if anyone has a sprint telephone they consider extra    let me know?
is so damn tired 
eating may be one of my best talents 
oh yeah    i fixed phone again 
"i like to paint i like to draw, but that doesnt mean i can kick a soccer ball "
apologizing in advance for those on 985  just keep driving as usual and act as if im not there  i wont be for more than a few seconds  just a loud black <propfemale> buzzing past you 
found out that rye street is actually rice street  learn something new everyday i guess    just wish it wasnt firsthand 
had a long day at the pool with some crazy ladies 
"which one is it?\its the one that says bad mutha fucka "
everyone in the <propmale> army has heard of <propmale> stiglitz 
my motorcycle for sale  get in touch if interested 
really needs a fix   
"you should have known\the price of evil\and it hurts to know that you belong here"
sneaky fucking russians   
<propfemale>'s grace instrumental
love bar food
offspring     
has decided underwear are for thermal insulation and holes in innapropriate places in clothes 
basically the rule of thumb here is   
the bear jew doesn't have to do <propfirst> shit for a klondike bar 
put a banana in your ear   
who put a question <propfirst> on the teleprompter?
just realized next month is st  <propfirst>'s month   
boom goes the dynamite!
he's jacking his little wenis!
