0a9a380fc0c2866fc1a9933a9bb4b7fb
"first my new years plans are demolished  then when i get a <propmale> to get out of my house and have some fun, my lil sis has a melt down  sweet   annoyed "
my feet hurt 
tir<propmale>  and got drivers <propmale> today    um     fun??
i love sun    but not so sure sun loves me!!  laugh  super burned today!!! oops      
dont kno what everyone was complainin about with drivers ed     i got to watch simpsons yesterday   and goofy today!!  laugh 
my cousin once said    'youre as graceful as a retard'     he was so right!!
too tired to think straight!!
"im coming home, been gone for far too long"
i got a huge bruise on my knee from cheer camp haha  workin at the pool in an hour  and i think im goin to the fair  smile 
valleyfair rocks!! but im happy to be home
watchin a salamander for a week    with my luck im gonna get bit    that would suck
almost didnt have to babysit today  sad  and workin 1-11  come visit me in wc to help keep me awake  smile 
"one question, one <propmale>, one honest answer  you can ask me one question (to my inbox only) any question, anything, no matter how crazy, dirty or wrong it is  no catch  but i dare u to post this to ur status and see what ppl ask u!"
"one question, one <propmale>, one honest answer  you can ask me one question (to my inbox only) any question, anything, no matter how crazy, dirty or wrong it is  no catch  but i dare u to post this to ur status and see what ppl ask u!"
day started out crappy    found out elle couldnt come out today    ethan didnt wanna come down   got mad at some of my friends     but ended up havin a blast    got some new bruises     and talkin to my peeps that i havent seen in months!!!!!
happy  even as things are falling apart around the things that matter most stand strong   smile 
mwah ha ha  smile  tomorrow is gonna rock!!!
practice was pretty good  i gotta work today  people come visit me!!!! elle is a very good baby sitter!!
ugh!!!
ugh!!! i cant freakin sleep cause of my stupid frickin wrist!!!! it feels like its broken but if it is i swear im gonna kill someone!!!!!
ugh my wrist hurts sooooooooo bad  i got 2 hours of sleep  today is gonnna suck
why can 1 pictured bring back sooooooo many memories??
how can 1 picture bring back soooo many memories??
its ok boys  bounce back next week!!
why did school have to be soooo boring?? i would have liked to e playful lode something or even play a real song!
last night was fun  i wish everynight was like that  smile 
tired of it all    not sure what to do!!!  annoyed 
i dont wanna use crutches tomorrow!!!!!!!! sorry cheerleaders but it doesnt look good for me
tired of the pain  tired of the drs  tired of feeling helpless
cant sleep  cant eat  cant walk  could things be worse?? at least i got surgery in 5 hours  text me or something 
lalalala
i feel like dancing  but i dont have a partner  sad 
machines are makin me mad  and im still waiting for a dance partner  laugh 
that was the best algebra review ever!!! and now i am eating a snack pack  thanks guys  smile  haha
goin to work on my night off  lame!!!!
so out of shape  gotta work on that
doesnt wanna go back to work  would rather work on her physics project 
 love  my mind has been boggled  love 
you know that sleep thing?? aint gonna be happening 
muahhaha!! i gots me a laptop!!! love it!!
the world came crashin down around me yesterday    and today im feel like dancin agian     things will be ok  laugh 
"chillin like a villlain, not really  just got home from the hotel, and gettin ready for a night at work  sucky, but ill live"
"thanksgiving is over, now christmas threw up all over my house "
hates it when the ex calls you e playful ectin you to want to chill with them  so not frickin cool
its complicated   
yay!!!!!
yay no work til friday  yay school done tomorrow  yay seein my fam later this week  yay in general i gues  smile 
homework  concert  homework  bed  christmas break tomorrow!!
"ugh so tired, sick of hurting, cant wait for break!!"
"the weather better behave!! if i dont get to stay at a hotel tomorrow night, or go see the new chipmunk movie, im gonna be one crabby girl!! haha  laugh "
"\i ya wanna get married put a ring on it\"" hahaha that movie was funny!!"""
"\if ya wanna get married put a ring on it\"" hahaha that movie was funny!!"""
just got off work  now i get to chill at home  <propfemale> christmas  laugh 
i am more than jsut a pretty frickin face!! if you cant see that then quit pretending you do and get out of my life!!!
i just lost the game!!!!!  annoyed  haha
"my internet is having a mental breakdown!!! itll work one second, the next itll be down  itll be down anywhere from an hour to 24 hours!!! ugh!!"
"sometimes i just hate minnesota  stupid icy roads  stupid ditch that i spent the last hour in! o well im home, and im goin to bed "
"ditch last night  then stabbed myself in the foot  and wake up sick  then my internet didnt work this morning  ugh  sooo not leavin my house today, ill get hit by a bus "
got past the worst part of stopping the pop  if anyone sees me with a pop take it away from me!!!! *please*  love 
still feel like im dying     thinkin im not goin to school again     
"tired of being sick  but really excited for this year  dc in february, chicago in april, disney world whenever my mom can get vacay  *excited*"
purple
" love  love~ a wildly misunderstood, although highly desirable, malfunction of the heart, which weakens the brain, causes eyes to <propfemale>, cheeks to glow, blood pressure to rise, and lips to pucker!!  love "
"bowling tomorrow with my geeky peeps?? haha totally!!! plus card games, and watchin triton kick some butt haha"
the science olympiad team rides the short bus  anyone see anything wrong with this??
"for those brave enough to venture outside, it is icy!! believe it or not, we had a reason to have school canceled "
"workin on the bridge for physics, over half done  then in an attempt to be helpful, i broke my vacuum cleaner  annoyed  oops"
great  i now smell like pickles 
"¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸vikingsº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„vikingsº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° go°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸vikingsº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„vikingsº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° go°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸vikingsº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø keep the wave going!"
haha my mom is already pacing in anticipation for this game    and i was laughing at her    so she gibb smacked me!!! hahahahaha
seriously  my mom just said that vikings shirts should come with vallium 
"takin whatever i get on the bridge today  no more exacto knives or hot glue guns  my hands cant take anymore!! actually they prolly can, but yea they hurt "
seriously  sliced my finger with an exacto knife this morning  had a long day of tryin to not use my hand  then fell in my drive way  um ow 
you say one thing to one person who misinterprets it and tells everyone something else making them think the wrong thing  great 
super tired  and sick of high school  i want it to be over!!
yay it finally came!!  love 
when i go to florida im going to go scuba diving at epcot  6 million gallons of water     and i get a free t shirt haha
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
"\mom!!!\"" \""mom doeasnt live here anymore!!!\"" wwwwwaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!! gotta love living in a house with little kids"""
best of luck to the science olympiad  have fun kicking butt  i wish i could go 
was gonna do homework  changed mind  packing for florida and washington sounded way more fun
sick of being stuck at home  snow needs to stop  and ppl need to text me 
i miss summer         
i got a hot date with hot guy <propmale> on saturday at noon  haha excited?? hells yea!!
only an hour and a half left!!!!!!!!
kinda sorta pretty much love this movie  even if it is old 
cheesecake for breakfast?? i think so!!
no one had better be mad at me for taking time off of work!! working these stupid hours had better count for something!!
one day of school    then off to dc!!!
yaaaaaay cheesecake!!!!!!!
for anyone that cares    i didnt die  haha have fun at school  laugh  and work!!
"o my goodness i wish so many people were here with me enjoyin this crazyness!!!! its so amazing  between the people we meet and the things we see and do, once in a lifetime!!!"
mmmmm pretty sure i dont wanna be here 
im cold  i miss dc  i miss all the amazing people i met  anyone from nylf ns thinking gylc??
haha wow kid  laugh  not stuck up at are we??
feelin the love haha
i just got a southerner to say you guys!!!!
funny how a message from a person you knew for a week can make or break you night  lucky for me    tonight it was for the better  laugh 
"\no points for second place\"""""
i am now from missouri!!!
i may actually kinda like my fiance!!! who'da thought?!?
"\i can't speak english!!\"" fynn  \""i can't speak symbols!!\"" <propfemale>"""
"\pain is weakness leaving the body\"""""
my boytoy is adorable!!!
i swear i love being sick for a week straight  i really do  ugh!!!!
i miss dc 
run run run run  maybe i can chill after the concerts tonight  one can only hope 
ahhhh moony missiles!!!!
vacation starts today!!!! no more school or work for about 2 weeks!!!! excited?? i think so!!!!
i am on a plane as i type!!!!
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh she's snoring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
florida!!!!!! lovin the warm!!!!
that is my cannon!!
now there's a site you rarely see       the backside of water!!!!!
sitting in dennys waiting for my omlette  spending the day at daytona beach and international speedway  wooo  have fun in school friends!!  laugh 
hunter-it looks like a desert!!! mom-except for the ocean 
i have had 'im on a boat' stuck in my head all day  o did i mention i was also on a boat all day??
fml!!!!!! this can not be happening to me again!!!!!!!
having the best conversation with 3 of the best people i have ever met!!!
im back  now is the time for reality to kick in  annoyed 
i am dating <propmale> rambopan!!! i am sooooo lucky!!!!!
i love doing the dishes when i can barely stand up  its <propfemale> fun!!
i miss my boo  sad 
hmm interesting  good to know he cares so much  ha!!!
for anyone that wants to know    im not having hip surgery  i was too active in florida and now every muscle and tendon in my hip except my ham string is inflamed  so yea  nothin to bad 
eeeep!!! best news ever!!!!! super excited for april 23rd!!!!
it lives!!! bahaha!!
"\i'll be there for you  these 5 words i swear to you  when you breathe i want to be the air for you  i'll be there for you  i'd live and i'd die for you  steal the sun from the sky for you  words can't say what love can do  i'll be there for you \"""""
hmmmm act tomorrow  should be interesting haha
longest test of my life!!! and i may have to do it again!!! ugh!!!!!
really beiswanger?? i spend that much time in there    and got 1 problem done!!! how does that make sense?!? thanks for the help  jerk 
"\i don't think that you wanna be a part of me  i don't think you wanna see the deeper darker side of me  i don't think that your ready for reality  i don't think you wanna see the deeper darker side of me!!\"" veer union"""
"charging my phone has now become an <propmale> form  or a science  whichever you prefer  it needs to be placed at precisely the right <propfemale>, hanging over the edge of the table just right, and nobody can touch it  when someone texts me, i repeat the process "
woooo go me!!! im hyped!!! great day at school and only a week left!!! wooooooooo
i am now republican  cause i am not against guns  gotta love the logic of a southerner
62 hours till he gets here!!!!!!!!!!
"wow!! most productive night in a long time!! didnt quite finish physics, but made a huge dent, cleaned some, and did a lot of history and chemistry  plus got to talk to mr  adorable lol   love "
"<propmale> <propfirst> white is a crazy, amazing, funny, adorable man that i cant wait to see on friday!!!!"
seriously in the process of doing the hardest thing i have ever done 
ugh just got my act scores back  sad 
seriously 
ugh sooooooooo tired!!! but i think things are finally straightened out!!!! yay
"dodge the father  \ram the daughter  \bahahahahahahaha"
ummm       whats going on here?!? things just arent making sense right now!!
and its only just the beginning      
"hate me if you want to, love me if you can"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
they'll shout it real loud  she'll make her momma real proud  she'll stand about the crowd   i am someone  look what i've done  stare into the sun  i am a shooting sun 
really??
ugh soooo tired!!!!
"happy memorial day!!!!! pray for all the troops, all the vets, and those that passed away, and those that are going into the military "
cant wait till this summer!!!!! florida!! and <propfemale>!!! and zach!!! and cabin!!!! omg yay
hmmmmmm          learning to drive a <propmale>  interesting 
this is gettin better haha
almost starting to like drivin the <propmale> haha  didnt do a burn out today tho lol
 sad 
i'm stupid 
 laugh 
mmmmmm enchilladas!!!
yay i did good driving the <propmale> today wooooo
hmmm confused?? maybe a little
storm got me out of work early!! woooo!! plus i gots my homies checkin up on me  smile  i feel loved
will today be anything like yesterday?? i hope so
according to jayden i am a super hero and a body builder!!
he is truly amazing  how did i get this lucky??
had a long talk by the bon fire  now campin out in the back yard  woot woot lovin this!!!!!!
tired?? more than a little  happy?? heallz yes!!
"god blessed the broken road, and led me straight to you"
leavin for florida on monday!!! excited!!! but a little bitter sweet
"he thinks i'm pretty, he thinks i'm smart  he likes my nerve and he loves my heart  he's always saying he's my biggest fan  my baby loves me just the way that i am "
needs sleep!! but cant !! ugh!!
3 hours till i leave!!!! wooooooooo
currently at checkpoint 1  next stop carribu  then the airport  yea yea
minneapolis all alone?? don't like it 
florida!!!!!!!!
gay guy in a speedo  i've always wanted a gay best friend  haha he was very nice
lake placid life guards want me to move here just to be on the swim team and dive team hahaha
sleeping on the couch has my back screwed up and i just got bit in the face  that's cool
seriously?? even the dogs won't come near me tonight  what did i do?!?
i'm goin to the ocean!!!!!!!!!! woooooooooooooo
hocus pocus jokus ride  come take a spin on a carnie ride
nearly killed my phone last night  thank god for rice haha  i get to see my bestie tomorrow!!! wooooooo
less than 4 hours till i see my bestie!!!!!!!!! 1 week with her!!!!!!!!!!!!! wooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! and no comments about my accent on that haha
me and my bestie been rockin out to music!!
i just lost the game
bowling with the lightest balls we could find  o yea we ballin  lol
i fit in here!! my besties friends are all geeks too yay!!
playin dress up wit my bestie  i miss those days when this is what all little girls did  i feel pretty haha
i'm goin to atlanta!! only 2 more full days with my bestie  we gonna have some fun
1 more night with my bestie  ima miss her hella but i miss my bed
officially back in minnesota  what to do what to do
"\i still don't know what this is  it looks like a lump  the <propfemale> lump\"" gotta love my mom"""
"\i still don't know what this is  it looks like a lump  the <propfemale> lump\"" gotta love my mom"""
congrats <propfirst> on the job at american eagle
"seriously  drunk people are fun to watch, not to be hit on by"
had an amazing night last night with an amazing man  im super happy he got to come see me  love 
"a blast from the past  one person shows up and brings back all the memories, the good and the bad  never thought it would be like that "
as fine as frog hairs lol
he truly makes it all better
"perfect day, horrible night  i swear to god i am staying single for a long fricken time this time "
complete and total meltdown  nothing beautiful about this mess 
"o how i adore my friends, they are there to pick up the pieces that have fallen "
"\the cash register is hitting on me\"" \""you mean the cashier\"" \""thanks for calling me a cash register\"""""
i'm on a horse 
"i'm more than just an option  hey, hey, hey  refuse to be forgotten  hey, hey, hey  i took a <propmale> with my heart  hey, hey, hey  too bad now it's over "
on my way to mankato for vikes training camp
drove all the way to msu  in a standard  go me!!
pictures of 3 of our 4 quarter backs and <propfirst> webs signature 
some people just need to grow up  seriously 
"i cross my heart, and promise to give all i've got to give to make all your dreams come true  in all the world, you'll never find, a love as true, as mine "
sirens already went off  tonight is gonna be a looooong night at work   sad  not gonna be fun
misses when things were simple     
hates being extremely exhausted then when i lie down can't sleep  sooo tired
chillin with my favorite cuz  parade tomorrow  and movies on monday  woo woo things are goin good
can't wait till tomorrow  smile 
watching the hangover  with my mom  wow 
tomorrow is gonna be busy  and hopefully fun fun fun
insomnia sucks!!
2 hours of sleep  legs hurt so bad i could barely walk  ran my dog  working  movies hopefully tonight  looooong day  maybe i'll finally get some sleep
not exactly how i planned this but it's all good
today was awesome  not exactly what i had planned but awesome none the less  i think i'm gonna sleep goooooood tonight
first time in a long time that i've been this happy 
me and my amazing gracefulness cut open the bottom of my foot yestrday  now it hurts 
i am sometimes surprised by people  they sometimes do things you quit e playful ecting a looooooong time ago
car talk  i'm lost 
last night was fun!!
woohoo salsa and banana bread!! i feel like a chef!!
stupid smart phone!!
busy day  my favorite kind  orientation  workin at the pool  raced home for food  spendin the night at shannons to babysit in the morning  woo woo 
i love jayden <propfemale> <propfemale>  she is the cutst little girl i know 
i was so excited and i didn't even know it  now i don't know what's gonna happen  annoyed 
on days that i actually feel pretty   nothing to do but go to work  fun 
sad day  <propfirst> was adopted and not by us  sad 
hopefully i can get my stupid smart phone fixed today!!
strange day 
<propfirst> + scissors = bad news
it's not that i can't wake up this early it's that i have no reason to for another week  it's sooo boring to just sit here that i fall back asleep
half my face is numb!! ahhhh!! haha it's kinda funny
dentist this morning  thank you <propfirst> for bringing me on short notice  and thank you <propmale> for making amazing food once again  even if it did hurt to eat it  and i drove a racecar home!! it was great!!
rough start but amazing finish  exciting game boys  lets have a good season!!
all you'll ever need to fix anything is either duct tape or wd-40  if it moves and it shouldnt use duct tape  if it doesnt move and it should use wd-40 
scooter gang  seriously?? old people on scooters came to the store  and circled the pumps like they were gonna do a drive by!! seriously the funniest thing ever!!
dang <propfemale>  way to make my head hurt  thanks for squishing my head between yours and the concrete  awesome 
couldnt think of a better way to end summer  baseball with my little people  tech talk  old music  glowing by the light of a black light  pretty dang good day  senior year here we come 
pretty good day at school  killer headache  long night at work  lets hope i can make this work!!!
everyone take a moment of silence to remember that fateful day 9 years  never forget!!
on a brighter note   getting a puppy today!! on our way now to get her!! can't wait to meet <propfemale>!!
thoughts running through my mind  trying to keep them all straight  at least i have a lot of homework to distract me 
definitely a good day  got a lot done  dang phone didnt work till 9 tho  sad  missed out on a lot of potential texting lol
freshman tailgating tomorrow!! hope to see all of you there!!
has spent hours on these papers  all of a sudden after <propfirst> left this morning they all came to me  only 2 out of 5 left!!!!
no homework? something must be wrong 
i found a typo in my history book  does that make me a geek??
hmm just found another typo in a book  should i be worried?
i have no more homework to do     im lost!!!
cant wait for tonight!!!!
what a night
i like it on the bed
orange juice  chili  and the new karate kid  amazing night when you feel like crap
 laugh  thats all i have to say 
are ya ready for some football?!? i am!!! no more homework for tonight!!! yay!!
this is sparta!!! and we have a bicycle museum!!! lol
i missed school today to sleep all day in the car  got to spend some time in the hot tub  now goin off to e playful lore milwaukee  woo woo
"had a decent night  but my mind is officially muddled  thought i knew what i wanted, then things had to change  o well i will figure things out, i normally do"
i'm always so busy  and i love every minute of it  bon fire haunted walk last night  babysitting and jazz band and football game today  babysitting my fave 2 girl tomorrow   laugh  i can't wait!!
i got to sleep in today!! until almost 8 o clock!!
seriously 
shinedown  november 27 with <propfirst> bowers!! can't wait!!
shock the world boys!
"chip quote of the day \where'd you get eyes and nose-ballses?!\"""""
"i'm always busy! but i love every minute of it!! i get to meet awesome people and do things that many people never even dream of doing  however, it takes a lot out of me  daaang i am tiiiiiired!!"
my goodness! my brother has a girlfriend!
"well, i've never been good at history\and i don't give a crap about <propfirst> e  lee \when it comes to cosines,\i know a thing or two\and i kicked a** on the test about me and you \you \plus sign \me \equal sign \us "
snow  why couldn't you have waited until tomorrow??
i forgot my necklace at his house  sad  i miss it already and its only been 15 minutes  sad 
"i get the vague impression that football is kind of important to triton  conferences and school board meeting postponed, and school out early  excited for the dome!!!!"
"<propfirst> and connor rock!! <propfirst> and <propfirst> roll!! <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> are ready to rumble!! add them together with a bunch of their friends   cobra attack!!!"
i cant believe that next friday is my last high school football game ever 
christmas has once again vomitted in my house (your welcome <propfemale>)
 laugh  pretty good day if i must say so myself  however all of the references to the movie psycho when i am alone in a hotel room suck!!
happy turkey day everyone!! can't wait until tomorrow!! good luck boys!!!
thank you dad and <propfemale> for making tonight possible  thank you <propfirst> for making tonight absolutely amazing   love 
30 hours of sleep in the past 2 days  and yet walking the stairs still reduces me to a lump on the couch for hours  ugh!!! what is wrong with me?!? why can't i get better?!?
influenza  it would happen to me  anyways i hope ill be back on tuesday!!
finally got enough energy to do something  even if it is just minimal amounts of homework  next week is going to be the craziest week ever!!
i feel so much more relaxed now that i have chosen a college  yay!!
long day today  i'm wiped  but completely and totally worth it!!!!
"when it feels like the world is crashing down around me, i try to hold myself together to be there for those that need it  just sometimes i need a little time to myself "
great weather for shoveling!!!! even if i did get hit in the face with a snowball by the neighbor kid!!
omygoodness!! 22 <propfirst> koontz books!!! and a giant mouse!! and a big box of ramen noodles!!! and many other things!! i love my family so much!!!  love 
gotta love crossbow nerf fights in the basement!!!
u *plus sign* me *equal sign* up
woo woo i found all 4 of the people i met today!!!! it was great fun!!!! hopefully state???? find out tomorrow!!!!
yay state for bpa!!!
i kissed a goat!! again!!  smile 
"had an absolutely amazing weekend  met some new people, tried new things, got to know people better  couldn't think of a better way to spend my time  thank you everyone that made this trip possible!!"
dance party with the little siblings and the dogs!! was quite fun  laugh  my dog got moves!!
"welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy  for the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistible urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex  yippee "
welcome to the second half of the last year of high school! holy crap! gotta enjoy it while it lasts cause it's almost over!
"\you know when you cry you look like a gargoyle right?\"""""
whats a 6g? whats a beiber? idk but it kinda looks like a girl
he's my <propfirst> on the down low! haha
woooooo i got an iphone!!!! day made!!!
i get to go see me amazing cousin kick some butt today!!! cant wait!!!!
my cousin did a twisted lay out just for me!!!! that girl is amazing!!!!
the rabbits in <propfemale> are messing with my moms head!! they keep changing color!!
science olympiad has got to be the greatest thing ever!!!
had a truly great night with a great person!!!
"after a crazy morning and some close calls with my kindle, we are finally off to michigan  have fun at school everyone  smile "
i out scienced my science teacher today!!
