a93a659e259e6c8b89488d1ecacbb985
someone stole my brand new g3 touch wtf
umm can you say bored!!!!
omg bored txt me message me something
"life is so complicated and i wonder if its even worth it sometimes    :,("
last night was great you smexy smexy beast! i mean you wray!
i dont care anymore!
it burns but doesnt really hurt   
ya ummmm ok idk
wish i was blowing fire works off this year instead of watching them but o well atleast i get to spend it with my love!!
rip <propmale>
im fucking bored ugh!!
just made an awesome dinner with the boyfriend now playing video games maybe a movie later then sleep i need it so tired    
not working bores me!!!!!
kill me now    
13 weeks gone but that much closer to having to push the damn thing out!
wow im slow i forgot my own number when i was filling out an app lol
kisses and hugs make the world go mushy!!! (its a good thing)
rain rain go away!!!
631-403-2022 call this number it might entertain you!!
blah
baby shower has an official date of february 26th or that is the plan right now if your not immediate family of mine or <propfirst>'s that would get an invite already and would like to come message me!! i no its still far away but my mom is like i need addresses!!!
hope my baby get this job he had the interview today and it went awesome there sending him for a piss test n then we hope he has the job it would be a great relief and would make him ouber happy!! which makes me happy!
tomorrow is my babies birthday hurray for him!!! loves him bunches happy birthday bay 
alright so first off its two days till halloween and i stil dont have a costume wth but the worst thing is that me and my sister had the two blue monopoly peices from mcdonalds which is a million dollars and our stupid asses ended up throwing them away!!!
baby boy!!! i told <propfirst> it wasnt gunna be a girl!! lol luv u hun
message me a number 1-500 and i will tell u what i think of u without any names 
3 loved to work with dont really talk much anymore tho
199 amazing!!! miss hanging out with you awesome friend
"take it one day at a time i guess     maybe after the baby's born and we have time apart we can work it out :,("
o and i have a crib now i just have to go pick it up im so excited the first thing i have for the baby!
poop im hungry but i dont want anything
everything sound like poop
omg that was close all this stuff started popping up on my comp  and it was like virus stuff and i had to do a system recovery upside all better no more virus down side i lost all of my pics and all the stuff <propfirst> wanted to save poop    i feel so bad that stuff got deleted
every time we touch i get this feeling every time we kiss i swear i could fly!
fuck i hate not having a job and no credit cause no one will give me any!!!! fml 2011 better be a hell of alot better o ya and happy new year to everyone!!
poop now to walk home and hopefully find something to eat at my house    i think sissypoo is coming with me we might watch marley and me
ok so get this everyone else there said that they could use some help that they where short staffed yet he claims he is not hiring and to call back and talk to him in a month or two kind of funny that s around the time im due     hmm can u say suspicious
u no what i hate is when people call the father of there children babydadys when there still together if they are your boyfriend then thats what they are regardless of if u have a kid with them
when that ball drops im gunna grab a slut and pee in her butt! lmao
woo! tri-c bookstore interview went great the lady said as long as my refrences are good i can have the job!! even though im pregnant!! hurray for college lol!! laugh 
poop have to leave my baby tonight cus i gosta go home   
had orientation today!!! it was good and i got to work over my first day was suppose to get off at 2 didn't get off till 3 lol only an hour but feels good to say at work today    and class starts next week finally i have stuff to do again lol so far my new year is awesome
poop i'm tired but its not even late yet wth
ya so i skipped my doctor app  and rescheduled it for next week    im such a procrastinator
work tomorrow!! very psyched love working
ur sign only changes if you where born after 2009 anything before that u r still the same im still a gemini!
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who gets it and follows the instructions)
woooh!! ur signs dont change unless you where born 2009 or later!! <propfemale> for all of us 2008and back we stay the same!
school starts tomorrow!! only thing is i dont no where the hell my first class is    lmao o and work in the am for a bit
miss you love you cant wait to see you and yes <propfirst> im talking to u!! and no one else
stupid hospitals atleast they have the net poop i'm bored
idk
heartburn from da baby poop i don't like heartburn
"i may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be someone's first choice, but i am a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past       but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am    or watch me as i walk away ? post this if you're proud of being you   "
finished all of my math homework finally now i have to write a narrative essay 2-3 pages long and study for my stupid speech exam that im gunna fail because my teacher sux
"grrr no heartburn all day and now its getting close to \bedtime\"" and it in full force!! i thought i was gunna go a whole day with out it"""
melt!! was so good and the sandwiches are huge!! i also got godiva chocolate cheescake but i was so full i havnt even tried it yet its in the fridge but ima eat that in like 10 minutes!! had a great time with my baby!
i really wish i could fit into my jeans i havnt been able to where jeans in for ever or atleast it seeems like it  sad  i miss my low rise jeans   
bout to get off got heart burn again    gotta brush my hair then catch the bus at 148 to get to school by 3
might be getting our own place soon    cant wait cus living between two house suck big ass!! trying to find out bought this place on detroit but they didnt answer  sad  o and hopefully il get called for an interview at robex the guy said they where getting ready to hire in march or april!! im due in april but after that im free!! to work
i just found out in class today that while women use both sides of there brain men only use half of there brain     that e playful lains alot!!
well no school today but i still have to study for my speech test do a ca trillion pages of math homework and write a narrative essay for english   
"so, let me get this straight  <propfirst> <propmale> is on his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree -proud to support equal rights for all"
stupid glands and there swolleness they are stupid for attacking my throat!
poop i have alot of math homework to do by tomorrow im a tupid procrastinator if i would have done it 3 days ago like i planned i wouldnt have this problem
stupid football!
finnaly mmm food~!
hmm class today should i go or skipp it??
can somebody please e playful lain the point in having a cell phone if when u leave the house you leave it at home on purpose or u do take it with you and you just dont answer it for anybody! get a fucking house phone or get rid of the phone in general apparently u want to fall offf the face of the earth so please just do so
poop on ur head!
i have to leave for school at 130 and i <propfemale> even have class till 3 this is stupid i will have a car with or without insurance! stupid busses lol
sissypoo got her tattoo!! it looks awesome!
hmm any cheap apartments people no about? other then parma woods or broadview gardens
ya apartments r to e playful ensive!
i found an up and down ihave an appointment to go see it tuesday!
"ok so possible apartment- check\a car - workin on it"
"woohoo 2 possible apartments 1is a one bedroom which to me is poop cus it only 1 bed\the other is a two bedroom if someone didnt beat me to it!! but i have to wait and here about that one"
there comes a time when u have to learn to put ur foot down    o but watch out for that steaming pile of poo!
1 more hour then hes off of work    so like 2 or 3 more hours before i get to see him  
gotta call aunt delorus again today see if there is anymore news   talked to her yesterday and uncle <propfirst> was chowing down lol hope he is doing well!
my mommy got me a pair of jeans for valentines day i am so excited and i hope they fit because i havnt been able to wear jeans in months   sad face plus the ones she got are really cute
mmmm i want more jerky wray!!!
woo thanks to sissypoo wray and <propfemale> we all have to go to an open interview tomorrow!!
wow facebook has been boring today no one has really been on today and there is nothing to do
trying to sleep longer before my doctors appointment at 9 ish but i cnt fall back asleep it's like 340 in the morning    ugh and i have heartburn!
so sometime this week o have to go home and start packing to move! and i need to pack my hospital bag soon  
wish i could call my baby and tell him what the doctor said sad  but i don't have a phone or his work number
poop gotta catch the bus soon
boo? i hate the word boo its retarded my cus said it the other day ugh only say boo if ur trying to scare someone
i need to do laundry it's rediculus i have no more clean socks!!!! and i have alot of socks
pooooooop
woooo!! got a travel set from an awesome lady named <propfirst>
poop on sulley and his stupid science work he ran away to play yugioh so now no science work is getting done!
big giant turd balls!!! i have to write a stupid 10 <propfemale> paper by thursday and memorize the important stuff about it to do a speech that is 7-10 minutes long or some shit! ugh i already failed the class i think   what is the point
ultra sound friday and baby shower on saturday poop on the heads of all the people who have not rsvp'd
34 wks    so im 8 1 2 months il be 35 wks on sunday   only  a bit more time to go but he still hasnt turned his ass upside down!! wth is he doin in there
my night was just made awesome due to my friends! im very excited for the baby shower! night fb
school today!  math class again      gotta write an essay for speech class tomorrow too poop other then that i am determined to have an awesome day today so plz no one piss me off!!!
ok poop on it send me <propfirst> biatches
pooop i have to get off in a couple gotta go catch the bus soon
867530: sissypoo is  the most awesome amazing person i no aside from her sometimes bitchy attitude! lmao and i will be smacking that spider very soon
describe me using one word -put this as your status and see what you get
i do not waddle!!
ultrasound tomorrow in the am!! i get to see more pics of my baybay!!! he is gunna kick the shit out of the ultrasound thingy tho
i love my baby  watching a movie with him now!!!
o how lovely it is to find out that ur going to <propfemale> up to 2 weeks over ur due date because ur child wants to be stubborn i just wanna start working again and he is making it impossible!
and the job hunt begins   cant start till almost may but i have to start turning in applications so iv been on snag a job!
38 wks as of today only 2 more to go but my doc says im guna be late    poop on that! i will be on time!
woohoo my pregnant ass has an interview! cant wait! and yes the guy nos im pregnant i hope i get the job id start probably after the baby was born and then i wont feel  like a lazy fat bum!
robex said they will let me no on sunday!! and then steak and shake called and i have an interview on friday with them ahaha!! yes they will fight over me!
poop
went to the mall to window shop    plus my doctor said i have to start walking a bunch to enduse labor    now movie or bed with my baby  
<propfemale>
one more week to go till my due date anyways   also found a possible car not my favorite pick but pretty cheap as long as it chcks out when i have it looked at  
hoping robex calls today   there suppose to if i got the job  
so far no call from robex they were suppose to call o well on to my next job interview whenever i get one!
i have litterly put in like 30 apps in the past 2 days i officially hate apps
holy poop covered crackers!!!
ughh does anyone no of a car for sale for like1000-1300????
only a little longer n <propfirst> will be home    then il be less bored! 5 more days till my due date
doctor appointment tomorrow morning at ten just so they can tell me im not progressing at allll
almost dilated 2 cm   but still nothing progressive
ughh i keep having these dreams that im at home with the baby for some reason im living with my dad again   also i still havnt seen the babys face and i have the same dream everynight   o and i still havnt made it into the room to feed the baby its like im to busy and keep forgettting about him i keep trying to get in there and people keep giving me more stuff to do wth  sad 
i want food!!!
ughh idk     i get to see <propfirst> today love hims big giant puppy self!
i really wish there was a dislike button god dammit
grrr it is his due date and he won't cum out i say get out sir!! o and i want nerds and sour patch kids and chinese food
bored cant sleep slept all day off and on worst idea ever   
ok so both cars that i wanted to look at have been sold son of a bitch
sooo who wants to buy me and <propmale> some chipotle??
i'm sleepy just finished movie withy one and only now sleep!
april 6th 2011 6:44 am 8lbs 7oz 21 inches long <propmale> zych grayson has arrived and it only took sence 4pm ish yesterday
