835c5ebb6da33d637d6d9adbac026b5f
so bored     and hungry  laugh  time to eat lol
going to d c and new york in the morning  c ya
finally home! glad to be back from vacation  nyc is fun but you have to do a lot of walking lol
got a puppy
<propfirst> just pooped on the floor  troubled  i picked it up thinking it was a  crayon  laugh  after i did that i dropped it and had my sister do the same (pick it up cause i told her it was a crayon) lol it was funny
<propfirst> keeps humping the <propmale> bear
<propfirst> is such a dork lol
my puppy doesn't like baskets lol  i have one in the living room and he just barks at it 
bored    may play <propfemale> story    not ready for work tomorrow  troubled 
city of bones is an amazing book!!!!!!!!!!
started city of ashes
!!!!!schedules on infinite campus!!!!! 1-honors u s hostory with <propfirst> jenkins 2-spanish 2 withh ms minor!!!! lol focus with <propfirst> stunson 3-anatomy and phys  with <propfirst> <propfirst> 4-physics 1 with s a  with <propfirst> jensson 5-alg 2 with <propfirst> stunson 6-pre ap
finished city of ashes earlier (got the book like yesterday) started on city of glass
mom got me city of glass last night  i started it this morning and i just finished    and now i am sad   i have nothing else to read since the series is over  troubled 
heading off to holiday world
just got back from nashville! <propmale> potter 6 was a great movie lol
school starts tomorrow  troubled 
ready for school
first day of school was ok i guess lol
soooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored    
its storming!!! lol i love it^^
bored     nothing to do  troubled  save me!
yay for homework   ugh  troubled 
bored      
going to work    yay -_- lol  laugh  and then when i get back ill be doing a lot of homework   and a project  troubled 
home    bored    my throat is kind of sore  troubled 
my puppy can now open his cage     
bored     not feeling good -_- allergies
bored!!!!!
i am starving!!!!
doing      absolutely   nothing!!!!
bored lol listening to some music    
<propfemale> story!!!  laugh  lol   wow    im bored -_-
pickles are just cucumbers soaked in evil  laugh 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored lol im babysitting right now 
-_-
finally home
well     yeeeeaaaa im bored -_- and hungry lol
got my new phone!!! its amazing lol
"just held a burial service (me, my sister and my cousin) for my lizard which died today    soooo very sad  sad  lol"
going to jessicas to <propfemale> out and that way our germans can <propfemale> out with eachother lol
the germans are now gone       crying 
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
home  very bored  not sure what to do lol
hanging out at home being bored  bout to play wow  laugh  yes bri i said wow!!! lol
just got home lol so bored
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hoooooooooooooooome!!!! lol
http annoyed  video yahoo com network 100000086?v=6544400&l=100000085
bored! lol nutin to do 
nothing to do    mom is complaining about me not asking for enough gifts lol so she is kinda asking me to spend her money????? weird  laugh  i told her i dont want anything
no school!
no wanting to go to school tomorrow     ugh i have enjoyed the extended break
were going to have school tomorrow          ugh
i wish the roads just froze for no reason     
noooo school!!!!!!!!
i hope it snows    a lot lol even though i will hate it when we dont get out till june  laugh  oh well its all about what happens now lol
eyelashes are evil    one just attacked my eye     
i love you mother so yea  i love you!!!!
"according to greek mythology: the first humans were created with 4 arms, legs, and eyes, & 2 noses and mouths  afraid of their power zeus split them in half, leaving them to find the other half of themselves  these people are called soulmates "
it's earth day ppl!!!!! lets go plant a tree lol
oi im so tired   running on like 4 hrs of sleep  laugh  lol prom was amazing
so i'm really bored and sleepy    in need for nap
heading to church  loving the rain
oh no!!! no more gsn on insight!!!! thats so sad      
ok   strawberry milkshakes from zaxbys    are   amazing!!!!
my horrible sister just shoved a whole donut in her mouth cause she didn't want to give me a piece    so mean 
good morning and happy mothers day to all you great moms  smile 
omg   greys anatomy   enough said
sooooo bored   sittin in focus    i think i wil die of boredom
i think birds dare eachother to fly right in front of moving cars  like a stunt or something lol
yes kyrie we love u lol
going to germany!
"just sittin here in a\chicago airport    so bored  we won't be boarding to germany fir another 2-3hrs"
in germany lol just got use of a comp so yea  been here for an hr or so i guess  its kinda awesome  smile 
germany is amaying!!!!!!!!
going to bed  good night everyone!!!!!
yay swimming!!!!!!!!
tomorrow no school  going to a movie park thing yay!
oh and then a party later lmao
sitting here    its 11:25 in germany ugh im tired    waiting for mom to get on skype  laugh 
jut got back from the movie park  so tired lol and now i have to get ready and leave for a party in like an hr  laugh 
just got back from the party  so pumped lmao
bout to go to a water park  ugh i dont wanna leave tomorrow
ugh     not ready to leave  sad 
"to all of my awesome new <propmale> friends, i will miss u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we will have have to keep in touch!!!!!! and ill see some of you guys in october lmao  laugh love you guys!!!!!"
just landed in chicago
all of these freaking flight delays ugh! lmao stupid storm  laugh 
omg      everything is so much slower in <propfemale>  i'm use to being in a car going like 100mph lmao
so sleepy  heading to my grandparents house  i love it there
happy fathers day!!!!!!!
schurch camp was amazing  it has literally changed me forever and i'm so grateful for those who toughed it out and were persistent with me going  i love y
sou guys!!!!
thumbs up it's morning!!!!!!!!!
despicable me is a freaking beast mode movie
"schedule: 1st-psychology with <propfemale> <propmale>, 2nd-ap english with <propfemale>, focus with flener, 3rd-guitar with boswell, 4th-peer mentoring, 5th-pre cal with <propmale>, 6th-reel history with osting"
chicken!!!!!!!
whose going to first wednesday tomorrow?
whose going to first wednesday at crossland  laugh  lmao sorry uncle <propfirst>
"until the day comes where we get to smile into gods face,decisions will be made, and regrets will be forgotten,tears will pour out, and smiles will reign supreme,worship will strengthen the path, and prayers will be answered,until the day, when our own tears are wiped away, by his hand and not our own "
"your mind and spirit will be one, and gods love will remain the same, unmatched and unrivaled in your own heart, gods tears will be matched only by your own,and your spirit will be free from sin, thus rising to a new level of salvation,one where a mind can be truly free, and a heart truly passionate "
"its not that gods love vaults your life into a better plane of existence, it is merely that gods love sets your life onto a better path of reality, your soul will be rescued from the valleys and trials of your earthly body,only to one day become a fixture in gods arms, safe from hope and faith,for there will be no need, when staring into the beautiful eyes of the creator "
btw thats suppose to be read from the earliest post to the latest lol it was to large to post all at once so i had to seperate it
jesus freak! lol fortify tonight will be awesome!!!!!!!!
ü can't make it then let him know o tell me and i'll pass it along
ühow in all is going to rudys tonight for the movie thing? well he's gonna be running later so don't start going to his place till like 8 smile 0 or so  if you
"\blessed is the <propmale> who comes in the name of the lord! peace in heaven and <propfemale> in the highest!\"" <propmale> 19 smile 8"""
i can see! no more blind <propmale>!! haha
bored       
lol my cat had the hiccups     
wanting another day off  kinda have been enjoying this free time!
paramore is no more  the drummer and guitarist have left the band  very sad     
cheddars!!
me+lindsey+jessica+bri+library+camera=amazing! lol
time just slows to a stop when your oreo cookie breaks and falls into the milk   
just saw a commercial that advertised   well <propfemale> lol was very weird
cold pizza   finally found the love of my life!  playful 
not excited about school   
bleh
i wish i could sleep like a cat  they just look so comfortable when they are curled up for a nap    must be amazing 
"¬\all the peoples of the earth are regarded as nothing  he does as he pleases with the powers of heaven and the peoples of the earth  no one can hold back"""
¬ his hand or say to him: 'what have you done?'\\,835c5ebb6da33d637d6d9adbac026b5f,¬rrogance that makes you think god owe you an e playful lanation?-taken from crazy love
\now tell me," what motivated you to pull the trigger\""\"835c5ebb6da33d637d6d9adbac026b5f,"jessica-it's weird how close we are to apes   i think god made a human but just messed up the first time  \i love my friends! lol"
"bleh, i really do dont like religious debates, especially with people who arent as educated as they think  idk"
"i hate it when people think that the world revolves around them, who automatically think that when i say something its about them  don;t come to conclusions and don't assume, it only makes an ass out of you and me  my earlier status was meant to the general public because its seemed that i've been in many religious debates lately not to a single person "
people confuse me lol
"bidwell-are you playing with my tuning forks?\me-yes?\bidwell-that's how you get cut, put them up  \lol fun stuff"
"bidwell- so where is the emphasis in 3 4 time?\class-3? 2?\india-(proudly) 4!\bidwell-there is no 4! \\lol that was great"
"so i was on stumble, just stumbling and thinking to myself how much i need stop and do other stuff  well as i hit the stumble button for the next <propfemale> there was a pause due to loading breaking the strong hold it had on me, im free!!!!!!!! lol"
