fcf15f077b4134357c9ccdb6ac0280e8
i miss you facebook 
college takes too much time  why did no one tell me that 4 classes in summer was like taking 8 classes in fall?
summer semester is over! i get like a whole week off before fall starts 
<propmale> is off and away to his very first day at pre-k!!!!!!
success! <propmale> wants to go back to school tomorrow 
i don't wanna go to college anymore!
"i facebook, therefore i am "
almost done shopping      but not quite 
facebook is more fun when i'm procrastinating 
"my daughter is hugely manipulative  she asks for a hug when she doesn't want to do something right away  she's too smart  i'm scared, she's only 2 1 2 "
hello facebook world  how have you been?
i got in the nursing program!!!!  wink 
maymester    why? i need a break  someone      anyone      help!
"so,  new phone with keyboard  i feel like i have grotequely large thumbs "
packing     
ignore anything that sounds free from me   somehow my facebook account decided to spam everyone on the planet!!!
i have decided that i need to actually study this semester instead of feeling like these classes are cutting into my porch time  almost to my <propmale>   
about to take the kids to macon state      what am i thinking?
my kids are super disappointed with the current standard of the toys in kid's meals  they refuse to join team <propfirst> or team werewolf guy 
thursday night is my friday night  tgit!
headed out with the family  mexican again and then khaki shopping at kohl's 
trying to read my hooker book for school 
gonna watch <propmale> and true blood live since my cox dvr eats shows  why am i paying extra for this crap? dear santa: for christmas in july i want a new hd tivo!
@ <propfirst> kaase or another tivo would make a lovely 11th anniversary gift  isn't 11 the awesome electronic one?
why are my kids so in love with the old <propmale> and <propfirst> cartoons?
finished my silly book  now all i have to do is write like ten pages on the thing by tomorrow morning  all-nighter anyone?
all-nighter hangover  i need nap! classes till ten tonight  i'm never gonna make it 
sooooo  what are we doing tonight?
ok  i've just spent a half hour watering the plants   it should start raining any minute now 
the sun is coming up and i am going to bed 
why am i the only one that ever posts at this crazy late early time of day?
subdued
11 caterpillars +2 parsley plants   2 days = another trip to walmart 
oh  bother 
texting my husband while sitting next to him on the couch  what is the world coming to?
going for an all-star at waho hashbrowns instead of grits scrambled with sausage 
coffee and coke?!?
tomorrow is strawberry day at my house  everybody get excited 
heading to the dollar store 
strawberry production line has officially begun  anyone that loves me feel free to come save me 
let the medieval adventure commence!!!
had quite a medieval time!!! so excited about sleep 
mini vacations are so exhausting  i need a real one 
my kids insist on being addressed as my lord and my lady 
ok i'm officially putting the word out: i need strawberry volunteers tonight 
where is the love?
party was a strawberry success 
ok  i'll study for my last final now 
i think the aliens have slowed the internet 
"worms, bugs, starfish,  fish  college is dumb "
omg used last piece of paper from my clipboard taking notes for my last final 
have to go to bed so i can do nursey cpr training tomorrow  intimidated and excited  i will finally learn something useful in college 
i now know cpr  it's about time 
i think i'm sore  i saved a lot of plastic lives today 
pick up line at <propfirst> 2  sigh 
after working i have the munchies  but <propfirst> wouldn't approve so i shall abstain 
family field trip to college book store 
drinking water 
2 more butterflies were released with much fanfare today 
nothing inspires me to study like my bank account balance 
i survived the first day of nursing school (although i'm still in recovery)! i learned about a million things that can get me kicked out of nursing      forever
gets to dress like a giant marshmallow tomorrow 
this week has been like walking through a mine field  i'm so glad it's finally over!
i am ridiculously sick with a cold  wondering if make a dr appointment or just ask my teachers on mon 
hanging in there  medicine head has made it nearly impossible to concentrate on what i need to study  super focused on random junk  grout wallpaper cobwebs etc
hey  i checked facebook!
it's sunday night  guess it's time to start on my mound of homework 
big nursey day tomorrow today  wish me luck!
i was so winning at wii just dance until      step by step nkotb  <propmale> killed it!
"i need a good name for an orange, girl kitten  runt of litter  suggestions please "
normal people are sleeping and i am dancing with my wii  i used to be normal  i swear it!
"back to school tomorrow   but only a half day  i almost feel ready to go back  lovely, lovely holiday "
"being sick didn't kill me, but i'm afraid all this make up work just might!"
hipaa prevents me from saying how i really feel  (there)
to all the people i used to <propfemale> out with: this weekend  something cool should happen! there will be cocktails  you can hash out the details 
today i learned that as long as you fail spectacularly everything turns out alright 
"man, obama is a facebook hog!"
dine in or take out?
is this week over yet?
"glee: <propfemale> <propmale> \      a female football coach like a male nurse      sin against nature \"""""
ridiculous facebook game: ok went to the store today and came back with an impulse purchase  whoever can guess what it is gets a venti whatever from starbucks 
i fed my kids the least terrible of the super-busy-mom foods: the turkey potpie 
i like it on the kitchen barstool 
"i'm taking this \fall break\"" thing a little too seriously """
ok  everybody wish me luck on getting out of the house at 5 smile 0 (that's am!) tomorrow 
i got a drastic hair cut today 
i may be slowly losing my mind today 
set up a tent in the backyard and watched a silly movie outside  i love my silly family!  (and my indulgent husband especially! )
still eating  happy thanksgiving everybody!!!
i couldn't take it anymore  i had to bake some cookies  (all the silly christmas commercials got to me! )
"omg  i'm at f-ing asylum  i have been dancing nonstop  every time somebody tries to steal me,  my hubby grabs me back  its silly-sweet "
"last night was great! but, i am so sore! dancing in heels all night  maybe doing that once a year is enough  i did prove that i don't need to drink to get on a table and dance  smile  <propmale> and i played with the breathalyzer: <propmale> 0  095, me 0 025  <propfemale> wins!"
"bing crosby  <propmale> <propfemale>  *sigh* i love old, classy movies! white christmas is coming on again "
"after a horrendous stomach virus laid my family low, <propmale>'s actual birthday, and my mom's surprise retirement party: i have one day to create a <propfirst> party  wish me luck!"
off to another xmas party  when am i supposed to get anything done?!
help!  what would <propfemale> do?!?!  <propmale> wants <propfemale> to make him smarter for christmas! do i go the magic route or the hardworking?
"<propmale> wanted to leave a carrot for the reindeer  so, of course, i gnawed on the carrot "
<propfemale> is finally done over here! <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!
it's snowing!
"only been to one class - for 12 hours this week! both times ran long  i have to do more in one week then i used to have to do for a whole semester in some classes  next week i'll also get to go to the \hard\"" class  *sigh* that's ok  i'm gonna kill it!"""
ok everybody  hurry to the store and buy milk and bread for no reason 
"when things are going great, i can't seem to keep that spongebob song \best day ever\"" out of my head """
it's not the caffeine in the coffee that keeps me awake  it's the maintenance 
"whole family is sick  aaarrrgghh! i am popping vitc and fighting it back  tomorrow, i will need a life-line!"
just got done at the movie theater  went to go see tangled  now i'm waiting patiently outside the men's room for <propmale>  how long can it take a boy to pee?
beat <propmale> 20-10 at just dance  it is a testimony to our marraige that he indulged me for so long!
"i should sleep, or study, or study the other thing      or the other other thing, or get my stuff ready for tomorrow, or         i am paralyzed by apathy "
"tgif! so glad this week is over  i think this calls for a drunken dance party! (well, maybe just tipsy  )"
