1918c85a4167f874d01b8718419a5201
i got my internet back! im so happy!!
"daddy im so sorry im so s-s-s-sorry, we just like to party, like to p-p-p-party yeah ! i heart lady gaga  smile "
"daddy i'm so sorry, i'm so so sorry yah   we just like to party like to p-p-party yah!! i'm so ready to go shopping   then later i'm gonna drink my face off!!!"
"i'm sick of being cold!! screw you winter, go away!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i think it is the most amusing thing in the world to see ugly pictures of people you hate on here hahaha
"stars in our eyes cause we're having a good time  hey, hey, so happy i could die and its alright   love "
how come people with ugly profile pictures dont realize that they are making themselves look so stupid  it bugs me   just saying
"ok snow, i think you need to go away!!! im sick of being snowed in  it's happening all too often lately   "
ummm   im tired of beyonce  ya feel me?
well now im offically tired of <propfirst> swift and her country ass   gaga deserved that award!
"could someone, anyone   come rip off my ears so i dont have to hear the whining anymore   please!!!"
i bet i could get out if i really tried  hmm    
so im trying to learn lady gagas dance moves   and i have come to the conclusion that i ultimately suck  
hahahaha    immature people make me  smile ))
"(urbandictionary com)  <propfemale> - a women named <propfemale> is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes  they are known to be very loveable  <propfemale>s are envied by other women  1  damnnn, <propfemale>'s lookin' fine today, as usual   2  i wish i was <propfemale>, shes so pretty and nice!"
on urbandictionary com '<propfemale>' has 2 awesome meanings  1  its a powder form of ecstacy 2  a beautiful person who all the guys want to sleep with  she is really sweet but drinks a lot   this suits me better than the meaning of <propfemale>!
i really fn hate some dog hair  omg!
ok  so i do not like this new homepage!!
i'm just gonna stop being nice and caring about people   because its whatever!!
"even with 4wd, we're stuck   i'm tired of this damn snow  "
got a babysitter and <propfirst> is digging us out  ready for some fun tonight!!!
"ahh   i love me some nappy headed, scratching, hair pulling bitches!!!! yall need to grow up!! didnt do nothing but scratch and pull hair< but bitch i got you in your face and you know i did!!!!!!!!! cornering a 23 yr old in a bathroom when your almost fucking 40 years old is sooo immature  give yourself a round of applause for that  so adult of you    "
"ok weekend, come on now!!!"
ok  i have an online shopping problem  annoyed 
can't wait to get loose tonight  laugh 
well   what do i do now  looks like i'll have to go it alone  annoyed 
alright  someone is playing a not so nice prank on me  just heard that <propfirst> j  blige (who i cannot f-ing stand btw) covered stairway to heaven  gotta be kidding me  leave good music alone!!!
my stomach is in knots and i just dont get it  
yay! i am anxiously awaiting lots of goodies in the mail  laugh  new viky secret bathing suit and bras  yay! and makeup from sephora  thank god for the internet!
aahhhh!! my laptop is pissing me off right about now   
my baby is 10 months old today! time has flown by   
gonna go to the mall soon  smile 
goin to berks in a little while  smile 
had fun last night  no fun tonight though  
it's offical  im done with the bs  hope you enjoy being alone  
not going anywhere as of the moment  i plan on making your life a living hell  smile 
"don't care how many times i see it, <propmale> gump always makes me cry "
"so ok   its most definitely a fashion no no to wear red lipstick and pink eyeshadow together on the same face all at once  am i right, or am i right?? i know im right   thats just a big 'ol mess   geez "
"leaves are falling all around, it's time i was on my way   thanks to you, i'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay   but now it's time for me to go  the autumn <propfemale> lights my way   for now i smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way   sometimes i grow so tired, but i know i've got one thing i got to do  i'm gonna ramble on  smile "
"and yesterday i saw you kissing <propfemale> flowers, but all that lives is born to die  and so i say to you that nothing really matters, and all you do is stand and cry  i don't know what to say about it, when all you ears have turned away, but now's the time to look and look again at what you see, is that the way it ought to stay?"
"i had the most bittersweet dream this morning  i was at a party with friends and all of a sudden everyone was heading out to go see led zeppelin, i was ready in 1 5 seconds and rushing everyone else out or i was sooo going to leave them  which i did  wink   dont get in the way of me and led zep lol  best dream ive had in forever that i actually remember though i never actually saw them in the dream it was still great"
watching absolutely fabulous  wishing sorority life would work!
is anyone else having problems with sorority life??
"so i love how you 'hate' me then run over to my <propfemale> and join every damn <propfemale> im a fan of   get a l i f e, you damn <propfemale> kid, go on somewhere with your pink eyeshadow ha!"
ok  so basically everyone can just suck it 
all my friends are being lame! anyone want to go out with me tonight??
"oh happiness, i think i may have found you again love "
"cleaning, washing clothes  blah blah  when am i gonna find the time to arrange my sons birthday party?? aahhh!! shit never ends  annoyed "
wow  first saturday night i've been in for in quite some time  this doesnt feel right   waiting on <propfirst> to go to bed so i can chillllll  my baby's b-day party is tomorrow!! i cant believe he's already a year old  i could cry  annoyed 
"ridiculous i say, ridiculous! but whatever, since when does anything i say matter anyhow?"
saw <propfemale> in wonderland yesterday!!! loved it!! <propfirst> depp made the movie great of course  
"ok guys  my invite <propfemale> is f'd up right now for sorority life, you will have to invite me  i need like 5 more sisters so i can complete an event!!"
please send sorority life invites!!! my invite <propfemale> is not working!
"ok no offense to anyone that i'm friends with that goes to liberty is affiliated with liberty  but screw you people! seriously, i cant understand why you want to come here and go to school, and then think your superior to the people that are from here  i dont get it  "
i can hear my dad talking in his sleep and its making me giggle  smile 
well they call me the <propmale>   thats my name   well they call me the <propmale>   thats how i got my fame  zep love 
"to all my friends that send event invites   stop sending me invites to pizza, wings and things   screw that place "
"these are the seasons of emotion and like the wind they rise and fall, this is a wonder of devotion, i see the torch we all must hold, this is a mystery of a quotient, upon us all a little rain must fall    zep love "
is it wrong to be more into the imagination movers than my son is? lol  probably so  
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear   while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding herof how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence?"
thinks people    especially grown people should refrain from being a crybaby  it's just not necessary  get over yourself    good god man!  jealousy can kill ya  wink 
cannot e playful ress how thankful she is right now
i should really go to bed   
i want some japanese food!!!
"i will find a center in you, i will chew it up and leave, i will work to elevate you just enough to bring you down  ~tool"
"what's this you say, you feel a right to remain?\then stay and i will bury you "
just saw the new shrek    puss in boots is just too damn funny
headin next door to see some fam  love 
well thats just god damn awesome  
i wanna get out of here!
"oh let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dream \i am a traveler of both time and space, to be where i have been  love  zep  love "
thinks that old bitches need to grow up and get a l i f e
the new season of weeds needs to start right now!! i hate waiting!
what an eventful night! ha  i just realized i have 420 friends lmao   what a perfect number for someone like myself  smile 
a half truth is a whole lie
is getting my rush on!
"something grabbed a hold of me, <propfemale>,\felt to me <propfemale> like, lord, a ball and chain \yeah! hey! you know what i mean,\but it's way too heavy for you,\you can't hold it tomorrow   love  me some <propfemale> joplin  smile "
"i really couldn't imagine wanting to be friends with someone who you know talks about you behind your back, hilarious   "
"i need an extra 2g's for a hello <propfemale> watch   its definitely not ridiculous or anything, i am now taking donations for this cause  smile "
"if it makes you happy, then it cant be that bad  smile "
"not only should there be a dislike button on here, there should be a disgusting button, a f u button, and a idgaf button   just sayin  smile "
show me the way to the next whiskey bar  
"well they call me the <propmale>, that's my name  \they call me the <propmale>, that's how i got my fame  \ain't no need to hide, ain't no need to run  \'cause i've got you in the sights of my      gun! \fkn love me some led zeppelin love "
"drive-by truckers playin, glass of wine in hand   what more could you ask for on a sunday?"
"hey   heres a quarter, call someone who cares  smile "
is missing her love  sad 
"i lay my head onto the sand\the sky resembles a back lit canopy\with holes punched in it\i'm counting ufos\i signal them with my lighter\and in this moment i am happy   happy"
wants to kick people in the face who bass and think they are <propfemale> cool   hey look at my cool car and listen to my system  no thank you loser   geez 
"wants japanese food, and she wants it now   but shes just too lazy to go get it"
"i cannot even put into words how god damn tired i am of reading this on everyones <propfemale>!!  seriously? cant you be a little bit original omfg    soo tired of it     truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for \ -<propmale> marley"""
i cant wait to see salt! i havent been this excited about a movie since <propfemale> in wonderland  laugh 
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his herfamily while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  repost this if you are in the military, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero or appreciate our troops! ** i love you, <propmale> **"
jesus christ   mel gibson sounds like a friggin lunatic on those audio tapes  i dont think hollywood is gonna be able to save that dude from jail  wow     annoyed 
"ok comcast, you are really pissing me off  2 days in a fkn row, my son has been watching nickjr and i look up at the tv and the pay-per-view channel is over-riding nickjr  oh and it isnt just the movie pay-per-view channel its the adult pay-per-view channel so across my screen im seeing \girls wild top 10\"" while my son is watching tv!! i know he cant read but this is seriously ridiculous! i am <propfemale> pissed!!"""
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member or friend who \has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of the ones who \continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know \someone who has or has had cancer "
"ok  look little girls    you havent even finished high school yet and you dont know me and i dont know you, its like that for a reason  please fk off, stop friend requesting me and wait for school to start or something "
doesn't congress and everyone else in washington have bigger things to worry about instead of whether or not our mlb players have chewing tobacco in their mouths? i mean really   
"depot grill was awesome!! waiting on my little man to get in bed, then movie time with my baby love "
"i love the shining, never gets old "
can't wait for weeds to start  love 
i am out of sorority life invites!! send them to me please!
oh you guys are tooo funny!! you know who im talking to!
ugh  my fingernails and toenails are painted different colors! wish i knew why that bothers me so much 
shower  store  buzz   smile )
"we all shine like stars, then we fade away "
toothaches suck  annoyed 
"wyndhurst saturday bitches!! gonna go see kashmir! bout as close to led zeppelin as i'm ever gonna get, and it helps that they're a zep cover band and dont suck! woo hoo!! excited!!!"
what do people do without the internet? its barely been a day and im having sl withdrawls
wants to thank her neighbors for the internet signal! haha  
people are so mature these days   and sure quick to talk about something they know nothing about  but its allll good  smile 
what on earth should i do tonight?   
why are men so predatory?
 smile 
people that copycat you on fb really piss me off  grow up!
i want to dye my hair  
i think i need a sugar daddy   lol     but seriously  
"is totally happy, got to talk to someone yesterday i thought i would never hear from again  smile )  i'm also planning on dyeing my hair today  laugh "
"dyeing my hair, then makeup, then o'charleys here i come  smile )"
"  cause its a bittersweet symphony, thats life"
j shore then the vmas    hopefully kanye will make a fool of himself again for my entertainment
ramble on love 
 laugh 
"its been a quiet day today, just the way i like it    ready for some f u n tomorrow night though  laugh "
"i may be 23 years old but the upside down show on <propmale> jr  is absolutely hilarious!! there has to be a reason why it only comes on at 11 p m    1 word, stoners  laugh "
"<propfirst> <propmale> is a racist, i just want everyone to know that  smile "
ahh being broke is no good!!
bouta listen to some zeppelin on vinyl with the parents  love !!!
"is watching woodstock, 3 days of peace and music"
"tough girls come from tennessee, sweet girls come from alabama, prissy girls come from pennsylvania, but we <propfemale> girls have fire and ice in our blood! we can drive four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, love with passion, throw left hooks, fish with the boys, and if we have an opinion    you know you're gonna hear it!!! repost if you're a true <propfemale> girl  <-- (this sad but true all at the same time)"
hittin up that beer and wine festival downtown  should be fun timess  laugh 
"well, i can almost see myself busting my ass in these shoes  good thing ive been treadin in heels since i could walk!"
leavin the strip club lol    no joke though
i wonder if you even noticed how pathetic you made yourself look    lmao!!
"   and if you walk your gonna get there, it only takes a little longer \---the mighty zep love "
"the greastet man ever was taken from me 10 years ago today, ah this is not going to be such a good say    i miss you grandpa  love "
"owner of a lonely heart, is much better than the owner of a broken heart  "
">'oh, baby, the river's red, oh, baby, in my head  \there's a funny feelin' goin' on, i don't think i can hold out long'<      what a crazyyy dream last night, i shall be smiling about it allll day  smile "
"if you wanna <propfemale> out, you got to take her out, cocaine       smile "
is gonna try to watch shutter island    see where that takes me i guess  
"dying my hair again to get this damn red out, i like it  but not the color i was trying to achieve here   i cant even find the color i used to use anymore  how lame  black, here i come!"
<propfemale> go round the roses     >grace slick is my f'n idol man<
*sigh*         
is watching the song remains the same at 9 smile 0 in the morning   never too early for some zep babyy!!
bad company   and i wont deny
"no more alcohol   no more i say  stay far away from me, at least until friday  smile "
"looks like all i have to look forward to tonight is the new episode of ghost adventures   wow, how exciting   *sigh  "
"busy day!! gettin ready, takin <propfirst> to his dada's, <propfemale>'s bday party,   then hopefully i will be catching up with my vannah banana  laugh "
how many more times has to be the sexiest song that my ears have ever heard!!  love it!
"so my dumbass just pulled out of my driveway with my oh so precious to me laptop still on the top of my car, completely forgot about it  until it fell, right onto the road with me going about 40 mph! the outside is scratched all to hell but hey  it still works!!!"
"ok, halloween is a coming  french maid, vampire, or <propfemale> in wonderland?    such decisions   "
i like it under the computer desk    haha  smile 
o'charleys soon  i can hear the bar calling my name  smile 
"getting this wasted is no good, i have a missing cell phone and a headache the size of texas  great! -_-"
 smile 
i got my halloween costume today!! yayy!! vampire it is!
omg!! wish my fb chat would work!
fb you are seriously pissing me off tonight   
i wanna watch the munsters   laugh 
geddy lee love 
i have my phone back now! yes!
gonna start the long drawn out process of getting ready for tonight!!
got a bottle of autumn glow and my awesome book  its a lazy sunday  smile 
weeds in just a few!  smile 
"gonna go catch up on my book, im such a slacker  "
"<propfirst> plant's now and zen at 10 a m ? i think so! \)"""
free love babyyy love 
"lovely girl you're the murder in my world\\dressing coffins for the souls i've left behind\\in time\\we must never be apart love "
"you might think im crazy, but all i want is you  smile "
"dear facebook, please stop telling me i have notifications when i dont  k, thanks  "
wants to go see <propmale> zombie and <propfemale> cooper!!!!!!!!! why must you guys come into town on a tuesday?!!
lame ass fridays   i hate you  saturday please come soon
does anyone want to go shopping with me in a little while??
lynchburg beware! we're about to be on the prowl  smile 
 sad 
yes! new episode of weeds at 10! maybe that will make me forget that im sick  
"man, i cannot belive i am going to miss <propfemale> cooper and my main man <propmale> zombie in roanoke tonight!! i am so upset about this!!!  sad "
wow   i am done feeling sympathetic towards people  no more miss nice girl is all i have to say   f both of yall  
shower  then hitting up kroger for some rebec wine  smile 
shit  i think my night is about to get 10 kinds of crazy   i guess its a good thing that im bout 12 different kinds of crazy then  wink 
thank you for ruining my day! love you  smile 
 smile 
what a great day yesterday  smile 
"ughh  i sure wish that when you delete someone on here all their \likes\"" would erase along with them  """
you say what you want but filth is all that they hear
boo! i'm all wet  sad    the things i do for my lovely gma  
"i have come to absolutely hate fridays!!!!! saturday, please come soon!!!!!!!!!!!"
crazy 
its a ab fab kinda day  smile 
ok ok   so being alone at night watching paranormal state and all the other ghost hunting shows on halloween night is not the best idea  i had to sprint to the bathroom because i just knew i was possibly about to be murdered or i was going to be poked by something that i cant see (for the 2nd in my life) ahh so scary!
"dear wine,\why must you be so good?"
"most people have 1000s of wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer [{rip <propfirst> h  shipman;; my beloved grandpa ? }]"
ok  gonna get ready early today so im not late for tonight like usual! yayy! o'charleys tonight with my lovey and vannah banana love !
what a night!
good lord!!!!! i hate me a dumb bitch!!
damn dr  <propmale> you got it goin on today!
i hate stupid boys who dont have a clue!
is watching riding in cars with boys
wish i was still sleeping but im not so  what the heck is there to do tonight?! i wanna see a band!!!
oh yes! goin shopping with my momma later!! that always means good things for me! yayyyy for newness!!  smile 
"i feel fine, im talkin bout peace of mind  im gonna take my time  im havin a good time, draggin the line  "
porno creep
"ahh great, another burn <propfirst> on my arm from a frying pan  gonna have people asking if i cut myself again smh  "
i think i over analyze things waaayyyy more than i should
"and when the broken hearted people living in the world agree, \there will be an answer, let it be  \for though they may be parted there is still a <propmale> that they will see, \there will be an answer  let it be "
omg!! the end of last nights episode of weeds totally just had me sitting here like =o
"dude, im ready to get my drink on tonight!"
despite all my rage i am still just a rat in a cage  
"well, now i know that my phone awesomely sucks to the fullest maximum capicity  none of the damn pics i uploaded earlier 'uploaded'    stupid samsung piece of shit  "
hahahahahahaha     i just heard my dad singing and talking in his sleep    bahahahahahaha     shit was too funny!!!!!
night night ya'll! i had a super awesome fun time   and 'yall' know who you are!  smile ))
"to all veterans, thank you for what you do for us and our country! and a big thank you to my little brother over in afghanistan! we miss and love you very much <propmale> and we hope you come home soon!!! love "
"alright friday, hurry the f up and be over with so it can be saturday already!"
yayyy for saturday!! now let this day be awesome!!  smile 
"i will find a center in you  i will chew it up and leave, trust me  "
"really needs to clean and wash some clothes but does not feel like it! ugh  hate cleaning, i need a maid to pick up after me and my son!"
oh yes! season finale of weeds tonight!! cannot wait  laugh 
watchin its always <propfemale> in philadelphia!  love  this show!
yess! neighbors place tonight with my lovey to see f m g  thennnn         smile )
last night was total awesomeness! [:
dayuuum i gots some hatersss my block list is up to 49 people  wanna be #50?! try me today and you just might make the list  wink 
alright alright (<--matthew mcconaughey voice) someone made #50!! way to go for dumb bishes  smile )
"hey mother nature, go f yourself, for real  i hate you!"
i am so over this fucking day and it hasnt even really started!
"these are the seasons of emotion and like the winds they rise and fall\this is the wonder of devotion - i seek the torch we all must hold \this is the mystery of the quotient - upon us all a little rain must fall  zep love "
umm  wow  really? smh    wtf   
"so, i have come to the conclusion that people couldnt disappoint me more if they tried and that is sad "
sooo  i read that the mr  <propfirst> plant will be touring soon with the band of joy! yesss! 3 nc dates set!! soooo want to go!!
oh man! my dad is the fkn greatest!!!
tea for one   
wow    so apparently i am 'wasting away to nothing'     so says my family   so thanks?   i guess    idk  
"     the way you squeeze my lemon, im gonna fall right outta bed  "
"so i have the most severe case of the hiccups i have had in a very long time, but my night couldnt have been any better! i can deal with some hiccups lol"
im borrrred 
yes! goodfellas is on  tv is good for some kind of entertainment for once 
i really wish i knew where my mcr shirt is    *sigh*
sooo ready to get my new cellphone and take my current one out into the street and run over it with my car! that feeling will be very liberating
guess i should start getting ready   outlanders later for some drinks and tunes!  smile 
i would absolutely love to punch lars ulrich in his smikry little face  man    that dude seriously annoys me
damn <propfirst>!!! quit lettin them pigs smell your weed!!
i am soooooooo tired of having a little person constantly crawling all over me!! very very annoying!
up wayy too early  didnt sleep good last night   now have to go sit in the doctors office with my outrageous child and wait for an hour to be seen  totallyyy awesome!!! - _ -
"lets do some shots, you know i caaaaant turn em down  smile "
my astrology book is missing including my notebook in which i was working on my birth chart  ughhhh    makes me super mad!
"i am sick of being a chauffer damnit!  and damnit google chrome, quit telling me im misspelling things when im not!"
"so you bargain with the devil, say you're ok for today \you say that you love them, take their money and run\say it's been swell, sweetheart, but it was just one of those things"
"haha!! forgot how much fun i used to have twirling my baton! all breakable objects beware! im actually still pretty good at it though, how amazing!  laugh "
at neighbors place drinkin down some 1$ beers baby!  smile 
351  i totallly dig your off handed status'   and comments!!! your wild <propmale> zombie-esqe hair makes me happy when i see it!! i also enjoy being secretary for my friend and learning all of your what nots and posting chicken sandwiches for you!!!! you are her biggest client! please keep us in business!! i needs that bonus!!! and i totalllyyyy dig it when you rock that bulls on parade shitt!  smile )
and i almost wore a dress tonight! smh    tooooo coooollllldddd! brrrrr!
"*12*  to a very special tall lady!! 'do you have any friends your height?!' haha! i will always have good ol j crew to thank for us uniting and being totally awesome together! we compliment each others bitchyness to a f-kn t! super happy we started hanging out again, its nothing but a great time when we get together!  love   love   love  you!!!"
"man, its so awesome when you go to get a piece of pizza out of the box and all the cheese falls off! those kind of things just make me day *sigh*"
"and why did i try when i knew it was no and \why did i try when i say it was so\but save it for late we should just let it skate \'cause the waiting feel is fine  "
waitin for the news at 6 <-- you wont hear me say that very often    and then off to shop shop shop yayy!  smile 
no more shopping with <propfirst>   thats just a mess! redo tomorrow! now im home and im borrrrred  sad 
gettin pretty tired of these stupid game requests comin up as notifications  your pissing me off yet again fb!
omg! does anyone know if there is a way to make the game requests stop sending me notifications?! i keep getting them like every minute or so! it is driving me crazy!
"curious as to why grown ass men are always tryin to be friends and creep up on girls that are still in high school on here, i dont get it  smh  "
finally have narrowed it down to 2 things i want for my birthday! a super awesome evil hello <propfemale> tattoo or to go see <propfirst> plant in n c   which will i choose? maybe both? hmmm yes!  smile 
"remember this christmas, while you are eating your dinners and laughing,that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting  they gave their life so that you can sit with your family  so light a candle this christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back     and for those still serving in iraq, afghanistan, or elsewhere  repost this as your status to show your respect!!"
going to do some shoppin and get a few drinks with <propfemale> <propfemale>  smile 
my mom and dad are literally trying to wake my son up! big ol kids   lol
wow   our power just went out    greeeeaattt   
so   is anyone doing anything tonight?
"going to the neighbors place with <propfemale> holdridge  dollar brewskies, shwing!"
"dear skanky girls,  \get your whoreness out of my face please \thanks "
wants to thank everyone that participated in my bday shenanigans last night!  love  yall!
i wonder if people know that when you delete something off your <propfemale> that it still comes up in the news feed   
i can taste the <propfemale> already  
gross  fu k <propfemale> mist    shit tastes like flat diet sprite  
im gonna throw my phone across the room and just completely break it and get it over with   verizon people beware when you see this girl tomorrow  
"your mama told you never\to eat your friends\with your fingers and\hands, but i say you\ought to eat what\you will - shove it\in your mouth any way\that your can  \^ ^"
im really loving my news feed today    i like seeing this im not suppose to know about
yay! just ordered my grace slick and the great society cd! anxiously waiting for that! yayy!
noooo!! i missed the q&a sesh with <propfirst> <propmale> on the <propfirst> <propmale> appreciation society <propfemale>!  i am oh so sad now!  sad 
hooray for taxes!
would like to thank <propfemale> holdridge for her outstanding showmanship as a friend! hahaha  love  you <propmale>!
is about to hit up briar patch with my cupcake <propfemale> holdridge  love 
i turn my music loud because silence really hurts my ears  smile 
"there was a boy \a very strange enchanted boy \they say he wandered very far, very far \over land and sea \a little shy and sad of eye \but very wise was he \\and then one day \a magic day he came my way \and while we spoke of many things \fools and kings \this he said to me \\\the greatest thing you'll ever learn \",1918c85a4167f874d01b8718419a5201,"gosh, i never knew i would wake up to such amusement this morning, thanks fb  laugh "
"so fuck this weather    i mean really, it always happens on a night i have plans"
"dear snow, \\i hate you! \\ love  <propfemale>"
its such a shame that grown people cant mind their own business  just lovin the world we live in and all the stupid people that inhabit it 
ready to do some retail therapy to heal the shitty night i had and party with my bitches tonight!  love 
"and if i have to follow it will change the way he is\and with me his sovereignty can be lost by what i give\and if he mentions leaving i can do no more\to make him stay behind an open door\\the love that he loses he will find again another way\and i won't be the one to tell him where he must play"
cant believe ive been driving around with e playful ired tags since friggin october and the new ones were in my glove box the whole time! cannot believe i never got pulled for that! super lucky!
"don't ask me nothin about nothin, cause i just might tell ya the truth\-grace slick  love "
"oh wow, well thats cool  way to go you  "
i have the worst toothache ever  annoyed 
"alright fb, im so tired of turning my chat off then to look back down and it be on  totally pissing me off!! ever since i got my new phone and have chat on there i have to make sure i go off on here and on the damn phone  i keep missing im's and its making me hella mad  so, fix it  k? thanks "
"mmm, papa johns at 9 a m  with a hurting tooth  so good but so stupid  "
well im either extremely bipolar or i just really hate my life    havent figured out which one it is yet 
"well, think im gonna watch some phantom of the opera with <propfirst> thornhill maybe that will do me some good "
i hate those dream catcher things   they're so ugly   
whenever i see that 70's show is on i have to press info just to see if its one of the zeppelin titled episodes  laugh 
"hey weirdos in different states that i am friends with on here, stop calling my cell!!!!!!! thanks "
"so hey, if someone is down with dr  greenthumb right now, there is a patient right here that needs somea that greenthumb attention, ya dig?"
my mouth hurts 
"i need a moment      or maybe a year or two, idk    "
"a root canal and filling, a hydrocodone and a bottle of wine later   feelin prettyy goooood  wink "
"ulta, you are breaking me   "
oh i love online shopping! i have <propfemale> many goodies on the way to me  smile 
"well hello, happiness  love "
"oh <propfirst> and <propfirst>, you ladies are too silly  smile "
"if my news feed had a face, i would slap the shit out of it "
i like the fact that my cousin and i used to eat fancy sauce and chicken before step brothers  smile 
"ughhh!!!!! if i have to see that kind of thing one more time, im going to scream and then delete you "
"i'm really missing my grandpa today, more so than usual    it's been almost 11 years and i have yet to forget the sound of his voice and the smell of him  i've come to learn that it doesn't get any easier missing a loved one, especially when they are taken so quickly from you  ily grandpa  love "
"that was an awesome weekend, just wayy too short"
 laugh   love  love  love  love  love 
jesus h christ!     whats a girl gotta do to get a bag around here?! stop bein so stingy assholes
"ya know, we may have 50 million mutual friends, but i still do not know you and its probably that way for a reason so stop with the friend requests home girl"
i think this potty training thing will be the only aspect in which i wished i would have had a girl  
"sittin at my loveys, sipping on some white zinfindal and just not given a fuuuuckk  smile "
"god damn, i've been having some super weird telekenetic connections with my friends really really subconsciously    like dreams and all kinds a crazy things"
"hey tomorrow, i need you here now "
my baby got me a hello <propfemale> phone case  laugh   love 
im really sick to death of these ugly bitches pics coming up in my news feed   
"goodness, dropped <propfirst> off early and now i dont know what to do with myself!! hmmm    this is exactly how i get into mischief  laugh "
"yayyy!! my delicious giant cupcake is gonna come see me in a little while  laugh  i'm like t totally f'n excited! we're banning together to do some <propmale> man hating this evening, so watch it fellas  wink "
"omg!!! people and their unthought comments   goshh, why would you wanna purposely make an ass of yourself?"
"with my cupcake, goin to kick it at the park for a while and soak up some sunshine  smile "
laca with my cupcake and <propfemale> gettin our drink on  wink 
so pissed that i am not at the kirkley seeing pauly shore right now! d:<
"oh, you wanna play that game? then lets play, muhfucka    wink "
