f247949e0b21154be982e77ce8c78a84
in deep thought about my life itself
maxin and relaxin
maxin and relaxin    doin me    and tryin 2 get dis musik shit goin   
maxin and relaxin     
deep thought
maxin and relaxin
coolin ot
coolin out
maxin and relaxin
album aint droppin for another couple of months   sort of disappointed
deep thought  
upset right now    an don't wanna e playful lain why
determined
coolin out 2 another degree
on my chef status lol   smokin a nice bird(turkey) for 2mma's dinner
highly upset right now
headed 2 ferrum 2mma mornin   
jus came across a woman thats one of a kind   <propfemale> wright    thats her name  she has done for me like no other has   an i mean this when i say i appreciate it more than you will ever understand  an i promise no man will ever treat you better than i can   <propfirst> 
demolished some five guys earlier    lovely lls
back to da 757 2mma    bout to be in summer school and on this job hunt     hope these 4 months are good  
in da 757 once again     see what dis summer break is like
blown
arm and hammer incorporated- hammertime!!!!!!!! get wit or get lost   we break thangs round here!!!!!
people don't get it    
thinkin critically
mixtape grind     
has me feeling a way i haven't felt about a female in years son    blown   
headed 2 atl soon 2 go record da album wit my producer
"f*** what you heard drakes album \thank me later\"" is a press play classic!!!!!!!"""
perfection is mere fantasy    flaws in people is reality    get wit it   
its time 4 my new jersey nets 2 do somethin wit dis team    lets make smart decisions
in da lab next weekend   
birthday weekend+ jerz fam comin+girlfriend comin 4 da weekend=success
everyone on facebook come check out my music <propfemale> <propmale> brown in the search box and come listen to my music tell me what you think honestly    more 2 come soon     add me to and post comments on what you think of my  material  appreciate it
everyone on facebook come check out my music <propfemale> <propmale> brown in the search box and come listen to my music tell me what you think honestly    more 2 come soon     add me to and post comments on what you think of my material  appreciate it
thanks for all da b-day love ya boy 21    good lookin stay up everybody
how would you feel if someone questions ur loyalty???
how would u feel if someone questioned ur loyalty??? blown    let me kno
cised bout dis new pro tools recording software i bought    i'm be in music overdrive!!!! 365 24 hrs a day    at school or at home
bout 2 record
2-3 days til' judgment day   
gonna miss my girl    blown
hatin how i feel when music is evading me
why on all-madden in madden is it that all running backs are unstoppable!!!!! damn man!!!! this game gives me migraines
same s*** different day    blown    somethings will never change
<propmale> songz new album got me like yup!!!!!!!!!!!!! its tough
dem falcons rockin 2day doe!!!!!
we will make it   
dem falcons are legit!!!!!!!!
"wrote 8 bars in like 10 mins for a upcoming song for my album demo \indecisive\"""""
8 years as of tomorrow and she would of been proud
young
young    i need 2 re-evaluate myself
can somebody tell me whats good wit dis why whats up thing??? or give me one lls
7-2 dem falcons are the best team in da nfc!!!!!!!!! take it how you want it!!!! we ready!!!!!
back in jersey young   
got generals in my family young lls   5 <propfemale> status
why are the falcons so legit young!!!!!!!!!?????? we ready!!!!!!
anybody know a dj who host mixtapes if so hmu   
recorded 2 more tracks 4 da mixtape 2day
"the offficial <propmale> brown music campaign has started follow me on twitter at cemanuelbrown89   thanks for the support and the mixtape \ not a mixtape rapper in the works coming soon """
"the offficial <propmale> brown music campaign has started follow me on twitter at c<propmale>brown89   thanks for the support and the mixtape \ not a mixtape rapper in the works coming soon """
"the offficial <propmale> brown music campaign has started follow me on twitter at cemanuelbrown89   thanks for the support and the mixtape  \not a mixtape rapper\"" in the works coming soon """
"my bad facebook world follow me at cemanuelbrown on twitter   \not a mixtape rapper\"" the official mixtape coming in feb !!!!"""
mixtape is in da works    follow me on twitter at cemanuelbrown!!!!!
follow me on twitter @ cemanuelbrown!!!!!!!!
dis nigga <propmale> miller can flow!!!!! check em out
follow me @ cemauelbrown on twitter the mixtape comin in feb!!!!!!!!!!
"jus seen a roughdraft of my mixtape cover!!!!!!!! cised     \not a mixtape rapper\"" coming in february!!!!!!"""
i'm so disappointed right now in my falcons man!!!!!!!!!!
fuckin apalled by the so called number 1 seed falcons!!!!   what a joke
so tired of being here    i have  to get out of here     dis shit is blowin me
"time to get to recording then work den food and more writing    \not a mixtape rapper\"" official debut mixtape droppin feb  11!!!!! get right   plotting for the next mixtape!!!! who tryna guest appear on it lls"""
mixtape cover is done and up!!!!! check me out young!!!!!!!
mixtape cover is done and up!!!! check me out and tell me what u think???
my mixtape is gonna be on datpiff!!!!!! more info 2 come!!!!!
follow me on twitter at cemanuelbrown!!!!!!!!!
"if u aint kno \not a mixtape rapper\"" the official debut mixtape drops next friday on datpiff!!!!! possibly livemixtapes copies will be supplied also    follow me on twitter @ cemanuelbrown!!! reign entertainment  playful osed music epidemic begins now!!!!!!!"""
mixtape is officially pushed back    cuz of lack of business fashion with my dj!!!!!!!! need a new one!!!!!! who want to make some money???
"release date for \not a mixtape rapper\"" is now sometime in may    """
"release date for \not a mixtape rapper\"" is now sometime in may     sorry world   """
not a mixtape rapper the official debut mixtape droppin late march early april   we ready!!!!! reign entertainment  playful osed music krimson kings we making moves!!!!!!
not a mixtape rapper da official mixtape drops april 8th reign entertainment  playful osedmusicatl  krimson kings we here     we ready!!!!!!
my time   
writing flow   
searchin for beats
crazy    gotta get my stuff together
found some new beats    
mindblowin
why do people realize that life is not a game until someone important leaves there life???
attention to all facebookers who have my number!!!! i cant recieve texts so jus call me lol    no seriously i cant
<propfirst> muthafuckin jones!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! o ya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> muthafuckin jones!!!!!!!!!!!!!! once again!!!!!!!!!!!! we are ready!!!!!!!!!!!!
