47ea1922b6c002eac958edd2aa071a88
does anyone know a fabulous way to murderize lots of moles?
found out yesterday that my grandma died 
"we breed rabbits, and one of the babies wasnt getting fed so i was taking care of him for 3 days   and he was doing great    but for some reason he died 20 mins ago   im heartbroken     because he was doing so good i let myself love him, because i thought he was going to make it  "
"well now i am taking care of the last 2 surviving bunnehs in that litter, and thankfully they are doing well   smile   plus my mom came home with 2 kittens the other day lol  tons of babies to love  smile "
"<propfemale> hed, it dos hurt!"
"i got a hair cut wee, the hair on the floor looked like someone slaughtered a wookie "
"it was not your fault, but mine, and it was your heart on the line, i really fucked it up this time, didn't i my dear? didn't i my dear?"
"my lungs, they hate me "
"fun thoughts on farmlife: i clean way more than i ever used to, and it's still not enough "
"my daughter says thank you  smile  its so cute it sounds like gahmah, but when i give her something she asks for she says it, and when someone says thank you she nods and says gahmah hehe"
"did you know, that to a two year old pants make excellent towels for cream cheesey fingers?"
"should you tell someone that you used to be in love with them? i have no e playful ectations of anything altering, and no need to hear it back   just the urge to tell "
lol my daughter has started calling me <propfemale>
i hope when i go to feed critters that our momma hen has hatched another baby   that would make it 3 they are cute little buggers hehe
yep there were 2 chickies out there!  tomorrow should be 4!
g will someone pee for me? lol i'm holding a sleeping toddler 
i feel like poo 
"i'm sleepy, but my daughter is asleep, (earlier and easier than usual) so i feel i should stay up to have me time lol "
"geebus, my daughter woke up screaming and shaking, i thought it was a nightmare, but then she threw up  shortly after she calmed down and went back to sleep  god i hope it's not the flu, i hope it was just a sour stomach  *crosses fingers*"
"yay snow!! i can't wait to bundle up rhi rhi and take her outside, i doubt she remembers last year's snow    she was only 1 then "
"well my family had another thanksgiving dinner that couldn't be beat lol but my daughter wouldn't eat any, so i'm in a turkey coma    alas she is not "
"well, i have the opportunity to go to college  i am excited and scared   i have to pick the college and field of study by friday   i picked microbiology, as a starting point to get to epidemiology  however it looks, like i will have to start with biology first  bring it on!"
"gawd i love snow! for realz, makes me all giggly and chit "
"ok, so today and the past few days i have been working my arse off getting my moms ex's crap out of the house   currently i am sitting in a recliner, with my feet propped up,  on a homedic heated massage chair mat, and with a heating pad on my leg  i feel nice "
"lol being a 2 year old is hard, shes wearing my boots, which go up to her thighs, and is whining because she cant walk in them "
my daughter is 2 years 3 months old and doing wonderfully at potty training  smile  i'm so haaaapppy lol  i just take her pants and diaper off and put her potty down on the floor and we haven't any accidents  smile  she seems to know when she needs to go and sits on the potty  yay!
"so next time i go shopping i am buying my daughter big girl panties! she seems to be fully potty trained   holy hell it only took 4 days    wow \of course diapers for night time still, but she knows when shes gotta go, and she sits on her potty all by herself! im so proud!"
"i've lost about 15 lbs, at least a pantsize   yay for eating breakfast   lol it doesn't make sense that eating more is helping me lose weight, but i think eating once a day before bed like i used to do, was killing my metabolism   i am always naseous in the mornings, ever since i was a kid   so it's hard to eat breakfast   but i choke something down now   even if its just a piece of cheese and a glass of juice "
"ok, it's official, i am a superhero   i heard one of our goats scream   well, i popped rhi rhi in her stroller and hauled my fatass across 3 acres to find the youngest and smallest goat with her head stuck in the fence   she is our only goat that has horns, and they had gotten stuck in such a way that she would have broken her neck had i not been out there as quick as i was   i got her out (very tough)"
wtf an anxiety attack  today? really? thanks   i can't think of any reason for it   i usually have bad anxiety if i feel like i didn't get enough done for the day    but i had a productive day today   superhero moments and everything   playful 
"lol, i now have stickers all over my face  rhi rhi is decorating "
"alright i fit into my once too small jeans   fairly comfortably, i think i have a few more days til they are super comfy  i feel like i am on a roll!"
