c1de1cb5b4a507394bedd3f05fb0850f
happy 2010 everyone  gotta work in a little while see some of yall sunday am
"got my hair did  the purple has made its return  since noone is here to make fun of it, i thought i would get a little crazy again "
"why are the decisions that you know you have to make for the good of yourself and your family, so difficult?"
had a great week with the smite kids  can't wait till next year 
going back to work today   sad   don't really want to but we all gotta do things that we don't want to 
you never realize how much someone has kept things sane till they are gone 
i hate working nights  gotta do it though 
"ok to my farmin friends, i really need more flowers please"
"please say an extra prayer for me, i have to go to baytown for training tomorrow and friday, so its gonna be a back and forth thing  also there is a possibility that i may have an opportunity for another position that would be better hours, but less money"
"watchin the notebook, got my kleenex handy!"
2 yrs today my dad died  then on the 9th it will be 3 yrs for my mom  wow i miss them so much 
watchin the beatles with my kids  its great
"please pray for a young lady that i work with  she is 7 1 2  months pregnant and today i had to rush her to the hospital because she was starting to go into labor  she is hurting alot, and needs <propmale> prayer that she can hold off until it is safe for her and the baby "
"just a quick note to say how great god works  went to try and help a friend change her flat tire, out of nowhere a man and his wife stop and the man helps us take it off and waits for us to go get it fixed and then puts it back on for us  ( he waited about 30 <propfemale> at a gas station while we went to get the tire fixed ) that's nothing but god's grace "
really don't want to go to work tonight  i hate working nights  wish i could find just a day job!
"need lots of prayers, i am trying to get a different kind of insurance for the kids, because i cannot afford it through work anymore  please pray that it goes through  we really neeed this  thanks for all of yall who pray for us everynight , even for the little things "
start back school friday  god willing i will have my bachelors degree in march!
watchin the acls  i love baseball 
yay yankees!
go yankees!!! to the world series!  whoo hoo!!!!
"ugh!! my outlook crashed and i lost all my mail, contacts, everything!!!!! i hate microsoft"
watchin the wizard of oz  love this movie!!!! can't figure out what to wear sunday 
"trying to color my hair  wish me luck, and nobody laugh at me tomorrow of it is    well   pink, but that would not be anything unusual  lol "
"this is to all of you crazy people that went shopping today!!!! what is wrong with ya'll  i saw some of you at target, and believe me i would not have been there if i didn't have to  oh my word!!! the people, they never stopped coming, i don't think anyone was at home today  wow! i am glad i am finally home  what a day!"
note to self    never never again buy a gingerbread house to put together  i cant even keep my own home from falling apart much less a cookie one 
"what a great day  <propmale> got baptized tonight  he's been saved for a while, but he decided that tonight was the night to continue with his obdience to god!"
arent the great1 if i could work with mine i would lol!
what a great day  wake up and      no water  i love the city of port <propfirst>!
"just found out that we have to re do our sewer line  ugh!! we need lots pf prayers that the money for it will come through  i know god will provide, but it is still discouraging some times "
"hey guys, i need some prayers for my neice, she is pregnant and is having some blood pressure problems both with her and the baby  they are debating on whether or not ot do an emergency c section  it is still really early for the baby to come  thanks"
i love <propmale> gump  such a good movie 
i have 2 thats right 2 weeks of school left  then what am i gonna do?
"my wish is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance and understanding about the challenges they face        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does and make this your statu      s for at least an hour    thanks ~ pass it along!"
please pray for my friend <propfemale> and her family her dad passed away this evening
headed to work happy mothers day
iron man 2 is so awesome loved getting to go to the movies with my kids is priceless
my baby received the barnabas award tonight i am so proud of her
watchin the best movie ever!!! <propfemale> wars! getting ready for work  sad  one day i wont have to work weekends or nights anymore  what a great day that will be !
ok this lady just saved like 120 dollars with coupons thats crazy
getting ready to go to the lock in! pray that we will survive the night with the master club kids 
"watchin the notebook  again, i love this movie   "
"says \good night <propfemale> humans\"""""
i love pretty woman!!!
i love toy story watchin part 2 at work
off to church then work till 4 am pray i can make it
i hate having to get new tires it takes so long
"am so grateful that i can catch the church services on the web on days like this when i have closed the night before, and wake up sick "
a great and godly man went home to be with the lord today  very quickly and une playful ected for his family   it makes me realize that we are wholly at his will  i am so thankful for my family even though i do not keep in touch like i should  never take for granted that you will see someone you love tomorrow     please pray for his family that are left behind  i love and will miss you uncle dud 
"i hate waking up sick, now my day or whats left of it is not going to be nice   sad "
going on 2 weeks with no air  ugh!! its hot! oh well life goes on has to rant for a minute 
thanks for all the birthday wishes  i think this is the last one i will celebrate  35 is a good year to do over and over again 
"children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make\a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status\for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in \honor of all children who learn a little differently"
had so much fun at national night out cant wait till next year
what a night  thats all i think i can say  what a night
i really don't want to go to work tonight 
"ok so i am so not a gleek, but i will be tonight "
those red lips  aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh
late night double feature picture show!
lovin the cameos 
is just a jump to the left   
hi ho hi ho off to work i go
"please put this on your status if you know \someone, or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  people \need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken \seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is \still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help, but we \can raise awareness  93% won't copy & paste this because they \don't know how to copy & paste "
"to all my church family, i need some help  on saturday my kids have practice for the christmas play, unfortunately i have to work is there anyone who would be willing to come and get them at 9 smile 0 am and then pick them up at 12 surprise 0 pm  please, this is the only saturday that i will have to miss "
"thank you ms  <propfemale> and ms  <propfirst> for offering to get my kids to play practice  they have a way to get there, but i am thankful that i know if i needed yall i can count on you both  thanks so much "
i really need to go to bed but i can't sleep 
wow how bout them        saints!!!!
goin to bed finally  whew so tired 
im so tired think im going to bed when i get home
"change\ your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to \not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight \against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your \friends to do the same!"
its saturday people should be at home not shopping ugh
how hard is it to find christmas shirts for kids i mean really
the kids are in a christmas play tomorrow night at <propfirst> verde church in groves at 6 surprise 0 p m  if you can come it would be great  even <propfemale> has a speaking part  you can also watch it on the church's website live  please come if you can 
heart surgery
for all of you crazy people that were out shopping today  what is wrong with you? you need medication  if i did not have to work today i would have been at home relaxing  wow!
packers playing on daddys birthday lets go pack  and happy birthday daddy i miss u
my old cell number is working again the new one doesn't work anymore
"it should not be this cold in texas i,mean really"
"happy birthday to my wonderful,beautiful,amazing baby girl  i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> "
really  what is wrong with the packers  im bout to start channeling <propmale> <propmale> in a minute (family knows what i mean)
