de1a29837de85afdd610943e7f6666e1
had her first mystical reading today   my advisor read my energy level based on the cards i chose   very interesting 
took a walk tonight and enjoyed the nice weather   finally!!!
survived my 58 mile bike ride yesterday   took about 6 hours to finish   it was torture!!! i do not recommend riding that distance on a mountain bike   i need a serious massage 
i have officially hooked up my new printer after having it sit around for two months because i haven't wanted to deal with the annoyance of hooking it up   it wasn't so bad 
"i played my first game of 9-hole golf today   not too shabby, but i definitely need some practice "
"i'm having a fun time in <propfemale> <propfemale>, nm this weekend   i'm searching for the perfect adobe house to photograph   looking forward to the int'l folk <propmale> <propfemale>stival tomorrow   should be fun "
"i had the best massage today at massage envy   after trying about 70+ therapists in my day, i had the good fortune of finding the magical hands of <propfirst> at the west <propfirst> clinic   he's a 20-year-old dude fresh outta school but he can give the ultimate rub down so go visit him if you like a firm, serious massage "
huge lightning bolts lit up the sky tonight every 15 seconds on my way home from work  it was quite the sight  glad they didn't catch me in my lowrider car since i was heading right in their direction 
cruised through american fork canyon today on my way to the sundance harvest market   great fall colors were out and the market was fun!
is having a good time riding the cable cars in san <propfirst>   love the city views 
just learned that google only gives you 1gb of storage space on picasa and now i have to pay $$ to have them save pictures so i can post on my blog   boooo!!!
enjoyed a lovely week in california   it was nice to poke my head into chico for a few days and see my family   glad my mummy's shoulder surgery went well 
going to frightmares tonight!
free tram rides at snowbird this weekend and next weekend for customer appreciation days   just have to bring in a canned food item to donate:  http annoyed  www snowbird com events summer customerappreciation html
"is eating paradise bakery cookies  yum, yum  my i love halloween treats at work  it's been a party all day and all night long "
just peeked out the window to find my neighbor across the street snowblowing our whole driveway and long sidewalks   how nice!!
you know you’re getting old when your younger sister asks you for your opinion on whether a gift idea is cool   you answer saying you think it’s very cool and a great idea   she then decides against it assuming the idea must not be cool because you think so   what a riot 
if you know of any folks who speak java fluently and are looking for a job as a software developer in utah county   let me know!  i have a nice lead for them 
yay for super bowl mvp <propfirst> rodgers!!  he's my fellow pleasant valley high school alumni and stud athlete from chico!!  you made us proud today!!
"great morning snowshoeing today   weather was gorgeous   went to get my car washed after through the automated car wash only to have the car in front of me go haywire on the belt and i crashed into the back of her   booooo!!!  no big damage done, but beware at car washes!!"
i've arrived in seatte for the weekend   it's perfect weather for the vampires   maybe i'll see <propfirst> running around    smile 
i enjoyed watching the jimmer show today   great effort by the whole team   welcome to the sweet 16!
mice!!!  you want 'em?  we got 'em!!!
