1d81667e1238c07a189a711fca3bd68b
fresh start 
"i'm so sorry for you, you'll never love again "
great night with my boys  nothing says bonding like car rides 
"we love that game, but we never play  cause we will lose, and we wanna stay  the way we are, the way we've been for far too long "
"i'll be back with a capital h, which stands for hero and the hero is me "
really wants to take a yoga class  now 
i won't tell you how to live your life so please stay far away from mine 
"yes, insomnia  i hate you "
"it makes me stop and wonder, what spell have i been under? who taught the voodoo that you do?"
i'd hate to be a hobo tonight 
is super duper excited about valentines day 
"my name is jes checo, and i have a gossip girl addiction "
holy shit  what a fucking night 
"if i was to get a piercing, would you say eyebrow or nose?"
<propfemale> is definitely not my middle name 
"i really don't care who wins or loses this game, because i already lost it- i lost the game  fml "
"\it's like a double rainbow  a zombie double rainbow \"""""
you're like the conscience i never had  thank you 
i seriously fucking love alexz <propmale>  you should love her too 
"doritos, my cheetos, we'll make a party mix for certain "
miss my baby  my gosh  i can finally say that out loud!
fresh start february rocks 
"i like it, i like it that way "
so excited for tonight   love 
had a great night bringing my baby and my hubby out to jville! what will today bring?
"great day with <propfemale> konkel, <propmale> willett and the bf mr  copen  happy valentines day everyone   smile   love "
worst case scenario    i still have some green hair dye  i can be medusa 
"fyi: tomorrow, facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening, go to account> home invasion settings> cannibalism> brains, and unclick the \tasty\"" box  please repost  good luck """
it's summer in my mind 
love is a powerful thing 
want to get on a plane just for the hell of it 
sitting around watching movies being lazy not sure what today's plans are 
chillin at kates smoking some hookah enjoying good times 
i love when people dedicate songs to you  especially love songs  to me it's better than any present  love you babe  love 
"i love this stuff  i just discovered it  i mean, it makes me sick but its amazing! it's chocolate milk!"
your thoughts seem so clear with your head underwater 
is looking forward to when everything is settled 
i love night living 
"listen listen could be an addiction, missing every moment like a physical condition "
"when we're together, i feel perfect  when i'm pulled away from you, i fall apart   love "
i'm gonna do it cause i said so 
at my grandmas    smile 
i know exactly what i want and who i want to be 
on a wonderful movie date with my hubby 
one week and two days  but who's counting?
i love pushing limits 
easy to be sleazy when you've got a filthy mind 
i wish i was as pretty as a picture 
"my name is jes checo  and <propmale> ganansky and i are getting married while skydiving over niagara falls, landing on a boat, while that annoying 'i'm on a boat' song is playing  hope to see you there "
boyfriend who? haven't seen him in like a week  grr 
just gave my brother my seafoam green jeans  he is very happy  i am very proud 
"the lady gaga born this way video    creeps me the fuck out  don't like the song, and now i don't like the video  i think i will have nightmares "
down town by myself  damn i'm cool 
maybe it's a little much 
i  love  <propfirst> norton
"to settle all the rumors: no, <propmale> ganansky and i are not dating, we're engaged  it's been a scorching white hot love affair that has finally been publicized  it is technically a three way relationship considering my boyfriend, (once again who is not <propmale>), is okay with it  we wanted to keep it under wraps for fear of harsh criticism and unfair judgement, but, now you know  consider yourselves educated "
"another <propmale>, a lip piercing, double nose, or double eyebrow?"
glad that everything is under control now  won't have to deal with harassment anymore 
omg girl  get a life! leave me aloneeee 
finally going to lay down this track  i think i'm ready 
life is good 
is happy that everything is cleared up  can't wait to see my baby   love 
girls niiiight!
photoshoot accomplished! probably the coolest one in awhile  be jealous 
dreamed that i was a detective for miami metro homicide    i'm watching too much <propmale> 
"you're the metaphors i can't create, to comprehend this curse that i call love "
face off marathon 
"my mom said she'd give me 200 dollars not to dye my hair for a year  i will take that money, and accept that challenge "
weird night  definitely not what i e playful ected 
bye bye blondie 
but my mind has a clever way of turning all the worst to right i've found 
"<propfemale>- wants to soon leave the orchard, find myself a nice vineyard, and become grape "
"farm life is weird  dead owls, chicken killing raccoons, and newts in the basement  makes for great pictures "
"if you're an avid tweeter, and you love yourself some indie music- help alexz <propmale> get to the top world tt tonight  she's an amazing artist, and the two seconds you'll spend rting will be well worth it!"
it's about time i had a night like this  smile   love 
the world is a weird place 
"welcome home to the suffering of the blood red summer  mother may i ask that you keep the lying lies and the dirty secrets of miss <propfemale> court a secret? it surprised me when i looked into the distance i saw feathers that were once upon your dead body  i kept telling you to wake up, but you didn't wake  i then realized that there is no world for tomorrow, for only the broken walk in the world of lines    c&c!!  love "
i love giving presents  especially hand made ones  i'm excited to see his reaction    smile 
we'll always just be two little cabbage patch kids going to the lsd market 
hookah party!
crazy night  good morning  some good parts in between 
how can i break the news to you?
sometimes telling the truth is just the best option 
third tat down  50 million more to go 
work at 6  fml 
rah rah rawr 
neu sex is amazing! i  love  <propfemale> grey! buy it!
chaos- <propfemale> korpse and order- moi 
she twittered me again!!!!!!!  surprise 
"the one bad thing about having no friends on facebook now, i can't look and laugh at my old friends shitty tattoos "
wish i could be cuddling up with my baby tonight  rawr  can't wait till we move out!
i  need  a haircut 
drivers test tomorrow  i'm  so  scared 
i love the new panic! at the disco cd  i fell out of them after their first cd but this is what i was waiting for  nice 
