60e5f4d66c7a36a357684fb0ed2e692b
tomorrow is going to be a loooooooonnnng day
getin ready for church camp! i cant wait to go
hume lake was ssssooooooooooooo fun
imma <propfemale> with <propmale> today    i cant wait to drive!!
how can i change my main picture????
i wanna delete my myspace!!!
ilhwtmtbb
ahhhh i dont want to go to the dentist later!!!!
i cant wait till tomorrow  smile 
i had a looong day  but it was really fun
i had a better day than <propfemale>    smile 
i cant wait to leave tomorrow!!!!
lake mead was amazin!
boreddddddd
the lake was amazinggg
i wanna go back tooo school
i had an amazing day today  smile 
its the last day of summerr!!!  sad 
does anybody play farmville??!!
anybody who plays farmville add me as a neighbor!!!please
last night was crazy    got evacuaded from wrightwood  hopefully my house doesnt burn down
i hate when you end something and later on find out its all you really wanted
paranormal activity is the stupidest move in the worlddd
go chargersss!!!!!
ah facebook is stupid nowww
wrist hurts  annoyed 
"f yghuijo[kp]lm nobj,mvcbfxzwx cvbnmp[,"
irwichcbima   bswtmba   
today was a good day smile 
does anybody know where i can watch the eagles game!!!
whats on your mind?
any one wanna go snowboardin tomorrow??
"i know we’re takin’ chances, you told me life was a riskbut i have just one last question…will it be my heart or will it be his?"
mt high is amazing
did anyone go to mt high tonight??
mt high was tight
ah 4 test tomorrow!!!
definantlyy  switchin outta ap bio next semester   i hate those dang reading guides
snowboardin was great today!!
does anyone know if the football game is at home saturday?
but i dont wanna go to school!! ha
i wish i could rewind my life and go back six months ago
i have only had my cast off for 10 days and i already broke my other arm
snow!!
mt high sucked todayy
gahh just got home from down the hill   was on the free way forever
cant wait to get up to wrightwood
i want an ipad!!!
"go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name this is mine:hot, attractive, intelligent male  known for his all american good looks, dry humor and sarcasm  funny, witty and modest  <propmale> is a well rounded, great friend, boyfriend, husband, etc "
whats the new facebook layout i havent got it yet?
great day
cant believe i won the mt high sweepstakes thing
cant wait till tomorrow!!!
"today was sick, got to ride with mfm for the whole day, he throws down!!!"
think imma go up to mt high tomorrow   saw shutter island tonight it was amazin
"i've been roaming around, i was looking down at all i see painted faces fill the places i can't reach you know that i could use somebody"
hey hey hey join my group or become a fan or somethin
new phone! give me your number!
mt high was way to icy today
really dont feel like doing bio homework
cahsee was so easy
if n=12 what does -n equal   are you kidding??
ask me anything and everything at-----> http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
goodnight   
shoot crazy dreaamm!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
???p?l p???
tonight is wayyyyy to boring   imma go to bed
http annoyed  www formspring me chadladage
it better not rain tomorrow!!!!!!!!
cant wait till tomorrow!!!!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
i love my new truck!!!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
spring break was amazing i did soooo many fun thingss  kinda excited to go back to school thooo
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
((( smile 
i need a job!!
eff i guess i should start my homeworkk
has anyone finished the cross word puzzles for mr reeds???
why am i going to school!!! its snowin outside!!
great day   woke up went to the track came home and watched movies
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
really wish she didntt get her phone taken awayyy
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
i dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow!!!!!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
cant wait for summer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 9 more days of school
i cant believe it snowed last night
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
about to leave for the weekend! going to the river laugh 
r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>
greatt weekend!!!!!!
just got a job at in-n-out  laugh 
party was prettyy fun!! hopefully the start of an amazing summer
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
summer is kinda boring so farr
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
what should  do todayy???
kobe's on fire!!!!!!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
1st person to like my status ; will comment ur pro pic   2nd ; will tell u ur best feature   3rd ; have u dare me to do something   4th ; tell u what i like about u   5th ; will tell u how i really feel about u   6th ; tell u why were cool   & 7th ; tell u what i don't like about u
poke me if you've ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm cool  put a smile if we are friends  smile  put an angry face if you don't like me  sad  put a heart if you want to be more than friends ? inbox me if you have ever wanted a relationship   now let's see who is brave enough to copy this 
like this and i'll tell you what i don't like about you
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
i wish i was going to hume!
gah i want an ipad!!!!!!!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
"like this status and i'll tell you what i like, love, dislike, and a confession about you"
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get"
i love freaks who cant just text you from a regular number
does anyone live in spring valley lake?
it smellssssss great out side ha
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
i would get a ticket annoyed 
"text me!!\76606697883"
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
does anyone know when we will get our schedules of school??
aerosmith concert was greattt!!
gotta raise laugh 
anyone get their schedules yet??
now that schools here    i dont want it to start again
wow i love rumors          not
work was super funny today hahahaha
that cruise was sooooo fun    i still feel like im rockin thoughhh
cant wait till mt high opens
just bought my skate banana!!!!
82 days till winter starts!
got the banana!!!!!!!!!!!!
today is so boring     
i cant wait till it snows!
first black out at work  laugh  hahah
"like\ this and i'll tell you what i like and or love about you!"""
mt highs blowin snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mt high might open tomorrow!!!!!!!! cant waitttttttttt
first chair of the season!
me+ _____ = perfect couple  post and see who you get!
lets go eagles!
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me chadladage
snow in wrightwood say what ?? laugh 
anyone going up to mt high tomorrow??
did serrano play win tonight??
got my raise today  laugh 
greatttt day!!
pick a number between 0 & 5400 lol send it to my inboxx & then ill write about you in my statuss ((
"<propmale> ladage\#99   you seem really chill and ur super beautiful but it seems like u always go for the wrong guys hah"
#1234 i never thought an asian wold be sooo good at snowboarding
53 slutttt
high school is flying by     
i hate this weather!
droid laugh 
cant believe we beat  29s record  today
anyone going up to the mountain tomorrow??
who's going up to  the mt tomorrow
only four and a half more hours to go
really don't want to go to school tomorrow
p90x      
might  snow on monday!!!!!
ughh
green  and yellow might  be the worst  song i have ever heard
steelers are comin  back!!
you know what it is     
snow!!!!! finally!
13 degrees!!!!!
"like this status and u can ask me any question and i'll answer it honest \(send the question to my message box)"
nothin to doooooooooooooooo
can't  wait till summertime
pick a number between 0 & 5400 lol send it to my inboxx & then ill write about you in my statuss
1001    your beautiful  fun to talk to   and seem pretty chill but idk if i should even try since your never text me back   ever!
1000   geez i havent seen u in forever!!!!!!! but today i saw a shirt that said downey on it and thought of u hahahah
2222  your pretty tight  we've had some crazy times haha
14! i wish u were still in one of my classes so i could get allll the work from u hahaha
12  your pretty damn funny  and fun to work with  sorry your wife is cheating on you with me
2700  how the hell did u get so good at snowboarding in two years   its <propfemale> awkward
810  never really met you but always heard you were pretty chill   you should hit me up some time so we can <propfemale> out
7  ahaha i still thinkk ur in love with nate  ur cute though
4444  why arent you in my english class this year!!!! welll i always thought you were sooooo pretty but u never talk to me hah
33  amazin last girl friend
5400      text me back!
123  i dont think ive ever talked to u in my lifeee
752   coolest name ever   even ur middle name hahahhaha    we still gotta go swimin!!!!!!!!!!text <propfemale>
69   ha wowwww u would   i wish we were still friends like we were when we were little  wow way to many w's
90210   we should get ot know each other hahaha text me 7606697883
sooooooooooo  busy
17!  i miss you   we gotta <propfemale> out soon!!  i wish things at the river went smoother hahaha
this weather needs to go away!!!
just   ate a  3x3  and a doubledouble
"single or not, put this as your status and see what you get in your inbox! smile \a=i like you\b=i really like you\c=i like you but i'm to shy to tell you\d=i want a relationship\e= i think your cute\f= i'm falling for you\g=i want to do something with you\h= hug me next time i see you\i= i hate you\j= we should <propfemale> out sometime\k= your mean to me\   this is what happens when you're bored  smile "
snow day? hopefully
"words with \friends?"
so you should ask me a question no matter what i will answer honest if your not scared copy and paste this on your profile!
i think i might be addicted to in-n-out
anyone wannna skypee?
