7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b
oregon crusader folks   does anyone live in <propfirst>? i'm coming out to audition for the u of o euphonium studio and i need a place to stay on january 28th and january 31st   can anyone help me out?
"<propmale> sparke 1, <propfirst> 0   but i demand a rematch tomorrow!"
"is in <propfirst>, oregon staying with super nice people for the next few days before rehearsal starts   and is missing her family and <propfirst> already "
"ate breakfast, read 114 pages of <propmale> miserab<propmale>, studied scores and warmups, watched 7 episodes of the office, took a shower, took a nap, and went for a walk   and has no idea what to do for the rest of the evening  any thoughts?"
"is living life japan style   aka sitting in a foreign room and watching the office for hours on end  and no, i'm still not tired of it even after watching the same show almost every night for the past year and a half  it's that amazing   smile "
starts teaching oregon crusaders tomorrow! woot!
"is warm for the first time in a month (yay arizona!), and had an amazing 24 hours! rock band with the fam, hanging out with her awesome boyfriend, eegees, the office, cheese free meal, 45 <propfemale> long shower (alone!), 10 hours of uninterrupted sleep, and play"
"is applying for jobs at raytheon    even though i'm completely unqualified and have no business background or e playful erience  apparently my mad euphonium skills have no practical application in the job market, ha "
"is trying to figure out what kind of dog would be the best to get for her first dog ever  iams says i should get a collie, an american water spaniel, or a labrador retriever  i vote lab  smile "
"good luck on tour, academy! rock the world like you always do  smile   "
is playing euphonium and then playing rock band with her bro for her last night in tucson for a while 
"just spent 4 hours applying for teaching jobs online   almost time to get back to teaching oc!!! 1-2-3-4, i love drum corps!  smile "
"will be posting massive amounts of pictures and videos in the next few days from drum corps   but needs to get her act together and get a job first  interview at 3 pm, wish me luck!!!"
"has been trying to upload the same set of pictures for like 2 days   come on facebook, you can do it!"
feels like a lazy bum  i guess i should practice or do something useful 
is going to visit with the fam   then teach rincon   then bowling!  smile   
's mind is going a million <propmale> a minute right now  and she thinks that more oregon crusaders should friend her  and they should tag themselves in her pictures  and she is on top of her game and geeking out playing rochut book 2 and 3  and she also put in an hour of her 1000 hours of drumming that she needs to do before <propfirst> and <propmale> teach her more about drumming  what a great day - yay life 
really sucks at drumming and wants to get better so she has some clue of how to teach percussion when she is someday a real band director with her own band and her very own clueless percussionists  anyone want to teach me?
"is old today  and thinks <propfemale> should have her baby today so that it can have an epic birth date, aka the best birthday ever  just sayin   smile "
"woke up at 7:50 today for no good reason, which seems really early  it must be all the band camp in the air   have a great week, poa! see you friday night!    and <propfemale>, feel free to have your baby anytime today  ready go   smile "
is excited for <propfemale> to have her baby today!
is happy that <propfemale> had her baby  now she just really wishes she had a job  time to get on that 
really is trying to post her oc pictures   but facebook won't let her and crashes every time she tries  lame!!!!
"is playing jazz by ear   on euphonium   along with some recordings  definitely a good time  and it keeps my brain functioning on a higher level, which i enjoy  i might even pull out my trombone and try to play it on a real jazz instrument sometime, lol   smile "
is technologically inept  and probably won't be able to get a job anywhere ever  ugh   today has taken a big turn for the worse 
is going to be a substitue for rincon? sort of?
"after 4 hours of playing and lots more of listening, i can   almost   play a minute and a half of one jazz song  and it hasn't even gotten to the hard part yet  this project might take a while, ha "
had a great time at alumni night at poa   and has decided that she needs to <propfemale> out with the old crew more often  let's make that happen!  smile 
is going to practice euphonium for the rest of the day  woot  smile   
"just spent lots of money on euphonium music   for a competition that i probably won't do, but i want to try out the music anyways, lol  have i mentioned that i love playing euphonium?"
show day!!!
"is attempting to have a social life today  like, outside of facebook and not involving teaching music in any way  i know, weird, right?"
"is trying to find a way to be more positive for the upcoming rehearsal, even though 20% of the kids won't be able to perform tonight  game day!"
hasn't been this upset in a long time 
practiced euphonium for 3 hours   and it felt good 
is sick of being sick  but she's still playing in the concert under the stars at udall tonight at 7  smile 
is seriously sick of having this cough  and thinks that she should probably not be teaching and spreading her germs to the entire band + 60 more kids   but grades are due this weekl  sad   
"should really grade things   but it's such a waste of time! i guarantee that without grading a thing, i can tell you the names of all the kids who are passing and the kids who are not  it's easy, just answer these 2 questions  1 - do they show up to class? 2 - do they do anything in class? if the answer to both of these questions is yes, they have an a  if the answer to either of the questions is no, they are failing"
enjoys listening to high school students trying to figure out music theory   haha 
cleaned her euphonium and it looks amazing and works like new! woot! on to practicing!  smile 
half day!!!! woot  smile   
"i definitely just lost my equilibrium and fell off my bed doing breathing exercises   ha ha  score for today - breathing gym 1, <propfirst> 0 "
is so excited for the new episode of the office tonight!!!! best show ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is excited for tomorrow   pep band subbing, hanging with <propfemale>, concert, and then rock band night!  smile "
is glad that she got to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> today and to see some old friends at pep band! and she wishes the best for <propfirst> at his wedding! it's definitely a good day  smile   
"wishes she was in oregon with the hornline staff and the oc kids tonight   it would be great to lose herself in the world of drum corps for just one night  \all you have to do is march and play  you don't have to worry about anything or anyone else   just march and play \"""""
"is   well, things aren't going so well in general  but at least my quartet is going to be pretty much awesome this year  it's great to play with good musicians   even sight reading went well  and at the end of the day   at least i know i'll always have my euphonium to keep me company  goodnight "
"is kind of having massive mood swings   yikes  but right now, she's relatively happy because she's working on her band day hit list   also known as \things that make ms  garcia throw up in her mouth a little   \"""""
is sick again   i was better for literally 2 days  awesome  and sore throat + euphonium = bad sound + even sore-er throat = sad <propfirst>  sad   
"teacher hat off   euphonium hat on  \and it's also   a hat!\"""""
needs a good euphonium sight reader to sub for her concert on october 3rd    any takers?
mmm   4 hours of euphonium playing and escaping reality  woot 
"sickness=1, stacey=0  skipping school (the part i get paid for) to go to the doctor in the hopes that i'll be better by rincon's night rehearsal (the part i don't get paid for that is infinitely more useful and important to me) that <propfirst> is coming down for   ugh, this is bad timing  stupid sickness and scorpions taking down the ranger band directors! it's the week before band day - i claim conspiracy!"
"is so glad <propfirst> came down and worked with the ranger band! we're so much better than we were a week ago   one week till band day! and maybe i won't be sick by then, now that i'm taking antibiotics and 5 other kinds of medicine all at the same time  yay getting better in every sense of the word!"
"thinks she is taking too many meds    i guess if the choice is between a sore throat and being dizzy, i choose dizzy   but i'd rather just be healthy   sad "
ahhh!!!! dizzy   tingly legs and feet   stupid medicine  someday i'll feel human again 
"just bought the latest season of the office, finally  if i don't respond, it's because i'm watching the office  smile   "
is playing euphonium and getting ready for quartet  woot 
tuba quartet rehearsal!!!! best part of the week    
ugh   i wish my ears were more in tune so my instrument would be more in tune  someday i'll be a good musician   
"the crescendo goes all the way to beat one   the climax of the crescendo is on beat one of the next measure   each note needs to push to the next note and get louder   there can't be a break between beat 4 and beat 1   the phrase leads to beat one of the measure after the crescendo   play long notes, don't die out, push to beat one of the next measure   agh! is there another way to say it that i haven't thought of?"
"hates disrespectful students with a burning passion, and wrote her first referral today  stupid 14 year olds "
is excited for band day tomorrow!!! go cats!  smile 
"band day!!! my kiddos perform at 6:50   \do you hear the people sing? singing a song of angry men? it is the music of a people who will not be slaves again! when the beating of your heart echoes the beating of the drums   \"""""
"all right   band day=awesome, but now band day=over  time to be creative and write visuals to add to part 2 and 3  and practice euphonium for my lesson thursday  and grade  and write an \alternate assignment\"" for kiddos that decided they can't play piano and aren't going to try  yay sunday?"""
hmm   one student not wanting to play piano = 4 hours of me coming up with a separate curriculum for her  ugh   i'm tired now  time to go to sleep so i'm ready to deal with over-hyped kiddies tomorrow morning and remind them that we still have a long way to go to be as good as we can be 
"is pretty sure her professional development project is basically the party planning committee  i will be playing the part of <propfemale>, who keeps the peace and gives suggestions that no one will take, and then doesn't really do anything to make the party any better  ha ha   time to practice euphonium for my first lesson in 2 years!!!!"
is stumped   i need a good name for a tuba quartet  preferably something kind of funny and clever  any suggestions?
"needs a <propmale>  now, please  thanks "
"high school is not drum corps, high school is not drum corps, high school is not drum corps   gotta keep reminding myself  but   should i have to lower my level of e playful ectations for the kids conduct in uniform and standards of excellence on the field? ugh  i don't know if i'm cut out to teach high school band - marching and music mean way too much to me to let it be destroyed by kids who don't care "
"woke up this morning thinking it was monday   man, i'm definitely hot mess garcia this week - having to rewrite drill because of solo auditions and writing and teaching and cleaning new visuals and drill on tuesday threw me off, i think  then i was all exhausted and unmotivated, kept being almost late to school, then got lost on the way to the football game   i need to get back on track "
"\music was my refuge  i could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness \"" - <propfemale> angelou"""
"taking the night off from playing euphonium and thinking about <propmale> miserables and band kiddos  time to read, relax, and chill   because tomorrow is a long day of teaching the end of the show and i need to keep my cool "
"is thinking about grad school   time to start applying  smile    now, if only i could figure out which degree to go for   conducting? music <propmale>? euphonium?   any thoughts?"
"grading day = sleep in day because i already finished my grades  come see all of rincon's show tomorrow at the home game against salpointe! (and tomorrow is the first day we're putting part 3 together on the field, so   cut us some slack on that, lol )"
"tie dye night! come see rincon play in tye die, hats, and gloves at the game tonight  smile "
"had fun at <propfirst>'s party last night! but i'm still having trouble hearing out of my left ear   and i'm not sick    i'm concerned, it's been like 2 days  sad   "
thinks that <propmale> wonka and the chocolate factory (the old school movie) is one of the best musicals ever  time to write a worksheet for the kiddies so they can watch it and i can have a few days of not teaching piano   smile 
"very much enjoys her quartet   come hear us on wednesday, 10 28 in holsclaw!!!"
"feels overwhelmed trying to look at grad schools  requirements for my education:good euphonium teacher, good conductor, master of conducting program (hopefully), <propfemale> positions available that pay enough that i can get by  requirements for my sanity and well being: good climate (yeah, i don't do cold   ), kind of close to home, not usc or asu  ugh   overwhelmed!"
"congrats rincon! good show last night  smile    in other news, i think i'm getting sick   dang it  i did this already!!! it's always great to find out that one of your students has swine flu   especially when it's the student that uses the keyboard that you use to demonstrate things  crap "
"finally got facebook to work again! it's amazing how much that makes my day better, lol "
"rochut in 4 octaves + softest playing + loudest playing = good solo  well, that's the theory, at least  now time to practice those solos "
"is exhausted for no good reason, and is actively deciding to put off grading until tomorrow   time to get some sleep and prepare to clean drill and music tomorrow  2 weeks til state!  smile "
watching the tuba-riffic recital tonight made me want to practice   time to make some progress towards being amazing  go cats!
"had fun last night at <propmale> and <propfemale>'s! now time for a day of practicing, researching grad school, and grading   "
dislikes teenagers at the moment  time to practice and make all of it go away     smile 
"is borrowing a practice mute from kelly   if he can practice 4 hours a night from 10-2 and be at work at 7 (crazy schedule!), then gosh darn it, i should be able to do it too! time to work on euphonium    "
"is going to make it through another day of period 3 music appreciation, period 4 non-music appreciation (with the principal observing, since i'm apparently not a good enough teacher to be able to teach the 14 students that care and deal with the 9 completely disrespectful, disruptive students at the same time), and the last football game of the year  one day at a time   just keep breathing   "
"practiced for 3 hours, spun and danced for an hour, had quartet rehearsal, and went to a great tuba euph concert   what a wonderful afternoon! now if the teaching working part of my day would get better, life would be pretty great!"
"marching season is officially over for rincon   time to break out the baton, start the concert season diet (no more sugary treats, kids!), and hear woodwind instruments at the volumes that they were intended to be played  woot  smile   "
thinks that the oregon crusaders folks should talk to dr  ponto at (u of o) and convince him that he should email me back so i can go audition to be a grad student at oregon   ready go! my future is in your hands    go team 
"learned today that kids don't consider it \ditching class\"" if they're on campus  apparently wandering around campus with your friends gives you the same education as going to class  i worry for the future of <propfemale> """
is heading off to la for <propmale> <propfirst>'s tuba recital!!! road trip!  smile 
"had a great first road trip ever to cali with <propfirst> and <propmale>! and is way excited that there's only 3 days of school this week, and then i get to eat pie and be <propfemale>  go cats "
"today, my mom talked to me about the dating possibilities at my (hopefully) grad school, based upon the majors offered and the likelihood of finding straight guys in those majors  hahaha!!! amazing "
sounds like crap for no apparent reason  i swear i've been practicing   dang it 
"is tired but feels somewhat accomplished  taught this morning, picked up my recording form, did guard for funsies exercise, practiced euph for 3-4 hours, practiced piano for a bit   time to go to bed and prepare for eating awesome food tomorrow  happy thanksgiving-eve!!!  smile "
is helping cook thanksgiving food this year   watch out!!!  smile   smile   smile 
had a good thanksgiving and is trying to decide whether to go to the battle of the bands tomorrow or not   anyone from tucson going and coming back right after?
is really frustrated 
go cats! and yet another day of fruitlessly beating my head against the wall in the attempt to be a better technical player  someday   
"has been watching <propfemale>'s next top model for like 6 hours now   stupid addictive show, ha  at least my horn is clean!!! go cats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
attention oregon crusaders vets!!!! please sign up for auditions   you need to do this so we know you're coming back  and you should come back so we can enjoy another awesome summer together  do it now 
"is arranging music for rincon's pep band   ah, the joys of pop concert band music   "
"time to make copies for my half band that's showing up for the gig tonight  it's ok, because we don't need trumpets, flutes, saxes, or trombones   we'll still sound great, right?"
is going to play euphonium and destress tonight  because life should be about the music and not about all that other crap 
"i really need a few trumpets, trombones, flutes, horns, and alto and tenor saxes (or anyone else that wants to come!) to come play a silly high school basketball game tomorrow   i'll love you forever if you come play possibly buy you a drink afterwards   rehearsal is 4:45, we're playing two games (from 5 smile 0-8 smile 0), and so far i have 8 kids signed up   please help me!!! text me if you can help me out! (520-405-8553)"
had a great lesson today  thank goodness for euphonium 
wants to know how academy and oc auditions are going this weekend   send me updates!
"is attempting to write a \statement of purpose\"" and put together a conducting dvd for oregon   hopefully i'll get it done today!"""
is at home on a saturday night watching sappy girl movies   sigh 
"practicing, cleaning, getting ready for christmas, and grading the 2nd half of the music discovery finals   let's hope this 2nd half of high school freshman did better on my \just to see if they're reading directions\"" question of \""draw a <propfemale> in the boxes above each note \"""""
"quartet recording was mentally exhausting, but fun  and my face hurts  but i'm hoping we'll make 2nd round! 2 more days of teaching \finals\"" (aka watching <propfemale> claus the movie and eating junk food) and then i'm free!!!!"""
"is practicing and watching mr  and mrs  smith, and reminiscing about mimosa night in japan   miss you, girls!!!"
"feels like she should put on some makeup before shopping and <propfemale> a scarf    in the hopes that she will reach for the same present as some attractive and sweet guy, or that she'll drop her scarf and he'll pick it up, and then we'll fall in love and live happily ever after like so many christmas romance movies   lol "
"is wrapping presents and playing euphonium   trying to avoid the plates of cookies in the kitchen  smile    so much for that \concert season\"" diet   but i really don't want to get band director belly! lol """
euphonium!!!! woot 
"is done wrapping presents! i need to finish my application for grad school - like now  it's upsetting that applying for grad school is taking so much time away from, ya know, working on being a better musician and teacher  but i guess you do what you gotta do "
"if you've applied for music grad school before, please help me out here   it asks for concert programs from everything i've conducted taught, as well as \evidence of 2 years of successful conducting teaching e playful erience \""  what exactly is \""evidence\"" of 2 years of successful conducting teaching e playful erience?"""
"had a good christmas   new euphonium toys to play with, hanging with the fam, and watching sherlock holmes with the crew  <propfemale> christmas, everyone!!!"
"has tried editing a video on her computer, on her dad's computer, on her mom's computer, put it through the 2 different computers to the dvd burner, tried converting it from various versions of the video, and still can't make a freaking dvd that is acceptable for her grad school application  i hate technology with a burning passion "
i may be able to get my japan and oc pics back   cross your fingers for me!!!
i have my pictures back! yay!!! now to back them up on every computer available to me so i never have to do that again   
"the guy that's setting up our new eliptical machine is really cute   dang it  i wish i had some guts, ha "
seeing all the ua pics from the bowl game makes me miss poa   go cats!!!
is practicing euphonium   smile 
"new years resolution: play euphonium, trombone, and tuba every day no matter what  new years reality   2 outta 3 ain't bad? lol   it's going to be a long semester, and it hasn't even started yet "
"just booked her flights for her audition   so e playful ensive!!! now it's time to figure out what the heck i'm going to teach tomorrow   i really wish i could get into my school email and figure out who is going to be in my classes, because it makes a big difference whether the kids have gone through a semester of piano or whether i have an entirely new set of students "
euphonium makes me happy    just sayin  smile   
"euphonium   but this was so much easier over break!!! teaching makes me tired   and maybe sick? this isn't a good week to be sick, i record next week  ready stop  sad panda "
"practiced, read, exercised, showered, and planned   get it! time to do it again tomorrow   smile   smile   smile "
"needs some teacher help!!! i'm trying to renew my certification (right now i have provisional, trying to make it standard) - it requires 2 years of full time teaching during the 2 years that i've held my provisional certificate, but i haven't been able to get a full time job for the past 2 semesters, and i took a semester off to perform in japan, so   am i screwed, or is there someone i can talk to? any suggestions?"
has a renewed provisional teacher contract   phew! yay for being able to teach for 2 more years legally!
euphonium   6 days til i record!!!
grey!
"new years resolutions are hard to keep! but i only need to exercise one more day this week and read every day and practice fundamentals every day and   hmm, maybe i made too many resolutions  what's more important, being skinny, being a good musician, or being smart?"
"is buying glee tomorrow!!! it's just too good, i have to have it! it might replace the office for my nightly falling to sleep show for a while   i know, you're shocked, right?  smile "
had a rough day 
"is trying to figure out what to wear tomorrow as a musician guest for a wedding   black, yes   sparkly pretty dress, or normal black dress, or skirt and shirt? any thoughts?"
had a great lesson with <propfirst> today  have a mentioned that he's an amazing teacher? time to throw down a great recording tomorrow for itec!!!  smile 
recording day! time to rock some itec competition!  smile 
"is done recording for itec! time to take a break from weber's last waltz and catch up on some other practicing i've been neglecting (minor scales and orchestral excerpts and soliloquis!)  next up   grad audition, <propfirst> 29th  smile   "
"going to bed after a good day of music   back to teaching tomorrow, hopefully the kids behaved today and will be great tomorrow  smile   "
9 smile 0   time to break out the euphonium and practice some excerpts   smile 
3 day weekend=time to practice and read and relax  2 weeks til grad audition!!!
exercised! time to play euph  smile   
is excited for studio shenanigans tonight!  smile 
had a good time at shenanigans last night   more good times to come tonight! time to practice euphonium for a while and watch some glee and enjoy life  smile   
"smile, though your heart is aching smile, even though it's breaking when there are clouds in the sky you'll get by    if you smile through your fear and sorrow smile and maybe tomorrow you'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile   "
"i need to sight read things to prepare for my audition   but i always choose the songs in keys that i like or songs that look easy  therefore, i need some help  give me your favorite number between 1-70 and i will sight read that song in one of my etude books tomorrow  ready go!"
"i don't think i ever talked back to a teacher, or even thought about talking back to a teacher  since when was it ok to ignore and blatantly disobey the rules? and how does a \young\"" teacher earn respect? i'm at a loss - nothing i'm doing is working  ugh   time to re-examine what i'm doing with my life and find something that works """
just got dizzy from breathing exercises for the first time in like 3 months   sweet!
euphonium!!! audition in 8 days and 24 minutes  smile 
"wants to thank all of the kids that do care  i miss you, oc!!!"
"just watched the \video diaries\"" of glee   and it kind of reminded me odyssey  i need to do that again  just sayin """
"thinks she has almost all of her plans worked out for her oregon audition   now it's time to buy some warm clothes, because oregon is way too cold "
"please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance and equal rights     93% won't copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?\"",2010-01-27 05:26 smile 8""",7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,11:40   time to practice euphonium!!! and pack   good thing i'm ditching 1st and 2nd hour tomorrow!  smile 
is so not going to be packed for oregon in time   yikes  so much for practicing tonight   annoyed 
thinks oregon people may be the nicest people on the planet  good trip so far  smile   
"had a great weekend with oc  great staff, great kids, great music   i can't wait until the summer  smile   "
"\when your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve \"" <propmale> hill"""
"is 90% sure that a student stole my phone today  hopefully i'm just an idiot and i'll find it tomorrow, but   i really doubt it  if you need to get a hold of me, email or facebook me "
"ate a piece of pie today and completely sugar crashed and passed out for like 2 hours  i guess i'm not over that whole hypoglycemic thing after all, ha "
"ok, technology   you win today  i won't use a computer since the fan is broken, and i won't use my phone since some teenager has it   please don't take my car next!!!!"
"just in case anyone gets a message from me requesting a phone number, it's legit   some kid has my phone, so i'm using an old phone and i lost any <propfirst> that i've gotten since may of last year  send me your number, please!"
"burned 770 calories on the eliptical machine today   ouch! and yay for glee distracting me, ha "
misses quartet rehearsal like woah 
"great daily quotation    i like this one   smile  \when you know who you are; when your mission is clear and you burn with the inner fire of unbreakable will; no cold can touch your heart; no deluge can dampen your purpose  you know that you are alive \"""""
is so glad we had quartet today! it definitely makes my life better   i need to play with great musicians more often!  smile 
needs to be taller and or more intimidating  any suggestions?
euphonium   smile 
needs to not read discussion posts on certain newspaper articles   ugh 
is planning a composer project for her kiddies   any suggestions on 19th-20th century composers that would be fun for them to research? i'm kind of excited about this   smile 
had eggos and vanilla ice cream for dinner 
? ? it's <propfirst>'s week! so time to change your profile pic with your significant other and post how long you have been together!    then copy and paste this in your status and pass it around!
"wants to have a music listening club   where every week we bring in sweet music and listen to it and talk about it, and then eat and <propfemale> out  i have a hard time deviating from what i like, but i know there's a ton of music out there that i would love if i took the time to listen to it  anyone up for it?"
"exercised again today (once a week is enough, right?) and it didn't hurt as much as last week, but my body has decided that shaking uncontrollably is super cool now  lame "
"i laughed out loud when i saw that the the three \targeted\"" ads on the side of my <propfemale> were \""depressed?\"" \""find a job!\"" and \""want a boyfriend?\"" it's like facebook is psychic!!! lol """
can't think of anything for her status tonight  i think it's the cough medicine making me dumber than normal  time to grade papers!
can't figure out what to do sigh 
euphonium   
"has a phone interview with dr  <propmale> <propfirst> (from u of o) in about 25 minutes   why isn't there a \nervous\"" smiley?!"""
wants to be amazing  time to practice more 
"is watching glee and playing euphonium   if i wasn't sick, this would be amazing "
"sickness= 1, <propfirst> = 0   sad "
's head hurts  sad 
"i had a dream about the brass angels last night   all my girls were there! only we were staying in the gym that oc stayed in last camp, and it was sort of like <propfemale>'s next top model because we were competing, but like drum corps cause we were on the floor in a gym, and also some sort of exercise program   in conclusion, take less cough medicine and don't fall asleep with the tv on  i miss you, girls!"
"hmm, maybe i picked the wrong subject to teach  i love spider organizers, timelines, essays, and picture books   so that's what my class is going to do this week! lol  yay for doing something other than teaching piano   and for getting my kids to realize that some classical music is pretty freaking awesome "
concert done and relatively successful! and talking in front of crowds got so much easier once i realized that i kind of know what i'm doing  now i just need to learn how to flail more e playful ressively and make the band sound better  go team 
is so excited to go to warm up tomorrow!!!
"had a great day filled with euphonium!!! warm up, practicing, great lesson with <propfirst>, more practicing, awesome lesson with <propfirst> ham, arranging a song for my recital, and then watching <propfirst> ham's amazing recital  i want to live like this every day!"
is enjoying the joy and majesty of rodeo break  yay tucson   smile 
hmm   breathing exercises are making me shaky  i'm out of practice   time to breathe more 
"\only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go \""      t s  eliot"""
"technical practicing is making my wrist, forearm, and hand sore   dislike "
is so excited right now!!! best news ever!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
"hmm   does anyone have any favorite hindemith songs? i'm trying to e playful ose my class to some different 19th and 20th century composers, and the only hindemith i know is the tuba sonata, ha "
"a student wrote a paper for me  and by wrote a paper, i mean she plagiarized off of 4 different web sites  at least she wrote down the source list and made it really easy to find the websites she copied from  i worry for the future "
"does anyone remember what the counts are for the \sniffer\"" yoga breathing we used to do in academy?"""
"the kiddos played the best they ever have at the today at the competition, and i was really proud of them  there were a couple of things here and there, but i thought they sounded great and they did everything i've asked of them musically  they got an \excellent\""   so does that mean that my standards are too low? maybe i just don't get it     annoyed """
clean euphonium=happy <propfirst>  now it's time to clean some solos!
had so much fun teaching girls scouts about instruments today with her tbs sisters! and i may have recruited many little girls to play euphonium (crossed fingers)  best morning ever   smile 
"accented quarter note jumps of 2 octaves and a diminished 5th at fortissimo are not ok, <propfirst> stevens  you should be ashamed of yourself for being so obnoxiously creative and difficult   jk! but if anyone has some suggestions exercises for practicing large leaps, i would appreciate it  because what i'm doing is clearly not working, as i'm sure anyone within a 5 mile radius would tell you "
"shower, euphonium, dinner, grading, euphonium   sans the grading, it's going to be a pretty good night  smile "
"\and i gave it back to him  in words that i know are physically impossible  i told him to do things that i know the human anatomy cannot do \"""""
used glee as a teaching tool today  win!!!  smile 
i need a music theory guru to help me analyze a piano score for a solo   it's been too long since i did it and i'm missing some things  i think it should be easier than i'm making it  any volunteers?
120!!! the magical metronome marking 3 4ths of the way there   only 40 more clicks to go   
"<propfirst> stevens =1, <propfirst>'s quick breathing = 0  an 8th note rest at 212 is not enough time   yet "
"\most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives \"" - <propfirst> robbins"""
happy pi day!!!
"ugh   average grades for my classes are 63% and 74%   i'm not sure how to make this any easier besides giving them points just for showing up to class    wait   i already do that  yeah, i really don't know how to help them pass my class  19 43 kids failing music appreciation? really?"
"i need to be a more positive person  time to rock some artist competition music! bring it, <propfirst> stevens!!!"
"is feeling on edge   everything is a distraction from what i want to be doing, and i just can't get focused  i think i blame the slimfast for breakfast, fruit for lunch, and whatever for dinner plan   time to start eating like a normal human again, ha "
118-123 = 18x   120-124=18x   18x +18x= done   smile 
just had chipotle for lunch   and it was amazing  time to practice!
it's academy jacket weather!!! finally! yay tucson   smile 
all packed for the california trip! now time to practice     smile 
"off to california today! i get back on wednesday night - if you need to get a hold of me, text me (cause i won't have email or facebook)  see ya in a week!"
had fun on the trip and had a really good time! now   back to real life 
"congratulations to all of my friends that are getting engaged, married, and having babies! there are too many of you!"
has a meeting with the principals of both university and rincon tomorrow   and i have no idea why  maybe they want to give me a raise? crossed fingers?
good news - it's easier to practice (and more effective) with my computer off  bad news - my computer is being stupid and keeps randomly turning off  time to get a new computer!!! i don't even know where to start   any suggestions on what kind to get?
"got rifed today  happy spring break, brought to you by tusd "
"hmm, lesson with <propfirst> mead and 5 other amazing musicians   or teaching the last week of school and conducting one song for a concert at a school that doesn't want me anymore  decisions, decisions   "
is going to the doctor today to figure out this whole dizzy tired difficulty breathing  thing   hopefully they can fix it so i can feel normal again 
practicing euphonium so that my recital actually will (hopefully) be awesome  go cats 
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca & 17,000 in il  new jersey, & fl are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  in honor of all teachers, copy & paste this  for all of the arizonans out there: make your voice heard on may 18th  proposition 100 will give 2 3 of the    tax increase to public schools  vote!"
my favorite days are days where all i have to do is play euphonium     smile    and then <propfemale> made my day because she's moving here next year!!!!
"is done with day 1 of judging student staff auditions   and i'm glad that for the most part, my job is difficult because there are too many kids that deserve a spot on student staff  tomorrow   drum <propmale> auditions!  smile "
"thinks that everyone should go register to vote, and then vote yes on prop 100 so that children in arizona can get an education  there are some things that are definitely worth paying for, and educating the youth of <propfemale> (so that they can become good citizens and make a positive impact on the world) is one of them "
is going to be famous someday   smile 
"ok   thursday was a big fail, but tomorrow is going to be better  the stupid sub will be gone, the percussion will be there to run through things in 2nd hour, and the composer presentations are going to rock because the kids have put in the time and effort on their project  positive thinking can't hurt, right?  smile "
is determined to practice euphonium a lot today  go cats   smile 
"got accepted to u of o   but without any scholarships or <propfemale> positions, as far as i know   so   do i go to oregon and take out student loans and try to get a job, or do i stay at ua with a scholarship?"
"had a stupid euphonium related epiphany today   and while i'm glad that i sound a lot better, it's a bit upsetting to realize you aren't practicing what you're preaching  time to learn from it and move on! go cats!  smile "
"is auditioning for u of a's trombone studio in a few weeks   yikes! time to remember how that slide thing works   along with learning some jazz, a few solos, and orchestral excerpts   cake, right?  smile "
is practicing euphonium   and is taking a lesson with <propfirst> on saturday! woot!
"is a little overwhelmed   and by overwhelmed, i mean freaking out about all of the music to practice in the next 4 weeks  i might not be on facebook for a while, don't be alarmed  and on another note   i miss you, oc! hope you're having a wonderful camp!!! kick some butt and don't forget to breathe!!!"
"going to phoenix for the day! lesson with <propfirst> tonight, woot!  smile "
"is a \master of the breathing gym\"" - can i just say that hearing that from <propfirst> pilafian made my life?  smile """
wants updates on how oc went this weekend! ready go!
hmm   trombone would be much easier to practice if it didn't hurt my left hand and if my slide would work all the time and not just some of the time  it randomly gets stuck in either 3rd position or 1st position but 80% of the time it works fine   any suggestions on how to fix it?
"learned how to play the chords for country roads on guitar today, since my classes only had about 8 kids in them because of testing    miss you, radies!!! good memories  smile "
"is frustrated  but in other news, 11 more school days!!! (ok, so really 18, but i'm only going to 11 of them! woot!)"
is taking the night off of playing   time to try to let my face heal (both chop and passing out injuries) and start fresh tomorrow  go cats 
hates dust and laundry  time to take a shower and be less gross and then go practice 
"ok, fingers   today, you need to cooperate and play 16th notes in time like you have been for the last 3 months  no more \but you hit your head thursday\"" or \""but you've been practicing trombone and i thought i'd take a vacation\"" excuses   figure it out!!! and now   time to rock some euphonium """
"made it into the trombone studio at u of a! not because i played particularly well (cause i'm a euphonium player in real life, ha), but because he thinks i might have the potential to play well  that's exciting \\and i also got an email accepting me to ua today! now i just need that scholarship money and i'll be all set    \\and ps   glee is amazing  today was a good day   smile "
"isn't feeling well, but is going to recover by saturday so she can rock her recital  ready go "
"ghetto rigged her kick slide on her euphonium with rubber bands so it won't come out while i'm playing   i'm proud of my engineering skills, but feel a little silly fixing my kick slide like this "
"god <propmale> me the serenity \\to accept the things i cannot change; \\courage to change the things i can;\\and wisdom to know the difference  \\living one day at a time; \\enjoying one moment at a time; \\accepting hardships as the pathway to peace; \\taking, as he did, this sinful world\\as it is, not as i would have it; \\trusting that he will make all things right\\amen "
"you don't really need to study for finals   take a break, cause it's my recital day!!! come check out my recital at 7 pm in room 170 at the u of a school of music - great euphonium music followed by some great tuba-quartet music   smile  \\you haven't really lived until you've heard mozart played by a tuba quartet     wink "
"recital day!!! come check out my recital at 7 pm in room 170 at the u\of a school of music - great euphonium music followed by some great\tuba-quartet music   smile  \\from <propmale> mis to funk to jazz to classical   this has got it all  see you there!!!"
"my recital went pretty well! now time to fix some tuning, be more accurate with my technical stuff, and fix my soft and low playing   then it'll be perfect, lol  \\so close and yet so far   2 weeks till itec!!!  smile   smile   smile "
had a good mothers day with my madre! time to sleep so that tomorrow i can rock my 6th to last day of teaching this semester   not that i'm counting down or anything  wink 
is really excited to see straight no chaser tonight!!! woo hoo!  smile   smile   smile 
is practicing euphonium   3 days till boot camp and 11 days until semi-finals! woot!
"is wearing flip flops, short shorts, and a spaghetti strap shirt   i don't know if i'm ready for summer or ready to be a college student again, but either way, i like it  \\in other news, at least 6 of the kids i've taught over the past year like me and will miss me next year if i'm not around  that's better than nothing, right? \\yay for finally making an impact (even if it's a small one)   smile "
"k   facebook break time is over, time to keep practicing so i don't suck at the low brass boot camp next week  so excited!  smile "
played euphonium for like 6 hours today while watching <propfemale>'s next top model  saturdays are awesome 
low brass bootcamp hut!  smile 
"had a lesson with <propfirst> mead today   cross that off the bucket list!!!  smile   smile   smile  and he wants to hear me again later this week, and i can't wait to play for him again and the other amazing euph players here too   i freaking love playing euphonium   smile "
"is done teaching public school for good  i'm just not cut out for this career   i care too much about my own success and my own musicianship to relinquish control of that to 14 year olds  it hurts when you overhear them saying that you aren't a good teacher, that you pick music that sucks, that you \don't care\"" enough to be a good teacher   but it hurts worse when you know it's somewhat true """
"threw down on harlequin tonight   it wasn't perfect, but i don't really remember the mistakes, or much about it besides the natural high of performing and letting it happen - i finally just played without freaking out   and i had fun!!!! yes!!!!"
is so excited for itec!!!!
"threw down today!!! i have no idea if i made finals or not at this point, but i think i represented myself and the u of a pretty well \\regardless of the results, i am completely satisfied with my preparation and performance and this whole e playful erience  there are so many great players here, and i can't wait to hear the best of the best play harlequin tomorrow  smile   "
"didn't make finals for the artist competition  but i'm completely satisfied that i did absolutely everything in my power to play the best that i possibly could   maybe in 2 more years, my best will be good enough to make finals  smile    see ya in 2 years, artist competition! \\good luck to everyone who did make it! (and keep crossing your fingers for my quartet!)"
is excited to rock the itec quartet finals competition tomorrow at 10 smile 0 am!!!! come check us out!  smile   smile   smile 
my quartet won the international tuba euphonium conference quartet competition! and then i got to listen to amazing euphonium and tuba music all day   best day ever!  smile   smile   smile 
is enjoying itec and is so excited to be able to play at the concert tonight - come check out the boston brass (and one song by 3 2's and a knot!) at 7 smile 0 tonight in crowder!  smile 
"had an amazing week at itec! it was so great hearing fantastic performances and meeting wonderful people this week, along with getting to do a masterclass with <propfirst> and playing at a concert with the boston brass   thanks for being awesome, everyone!"
had a great time at academy's memorial day celebration today! so great to see all of my old crew and see the potential in the new crew! good luck this summer!!!
"doesn't like when real life (aka looking for apartments, planning classes, etc) gets in the way of playing my horn   but i guess it had to be done  time to practice!"
is remembering what it's like to sight-read difficult music   yikes 
is so excited to teach oc again this summer   i hope y'all are breathing it up in preparation for all days!
"needs a good trombone asap  my current slide has decided that it wants to stick in whatever position it feels like every 5-7 notes, and i couldn't even get through scales today before i gave up practicing trombone and went back to euph  any suggestions on where to buy it and what kind i should get?"
"is done thinking for the day   no more apartment searching, practicing, scheduling classes, looking for trombones, budgeting my meager supply of money, or applying for jobs today! \\time to watch up and have a relaxing evening so i can start all over tomorrow   smile "
is going to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and baby <propfirst> and then meet with <propmale> to talk about getting a new trombone   cross your fingers that i can find a good horn that i can afford!
"is going to bed   tomorrow i hope to a) find a place to live for next year, b) practice euphonium for a lot longer than i did today, and c) start doing laundry and packing for drum corps  go cats!"
is looking at houses to rent for the fall! crossed fingers that one of them has everything (or almost everything) i want   
"found the perfect house  i hope the person who applied for it before me is a felon and gets rejected   wait, did i say that out loud?"
"good news! my paycheck for the last two weeks was more than the rest of my paychecks   which is weird because i only went 1 day of the last two weeks due to euphonium-ing  apparently, i get paid more the less i show up   interesting  \\bad news   real life is getting in the way of being a good musician  it's 9:40 and i haven't touched my horn yet today! time to go hit it hard!"
is frustrated 
"ok   that's it, i need a break from house hunting  euphonium, here i come!  smile "
"might be overpacking for drum corps  minus the \might be\"" part  does anyone know if we have laundry days how many we have?"""
"rode a bike for the first time in like 6 years (after helping fix it), made a packing list for drum corps, downloaded itunes and transferred all of her music to her new computer, and loaded 10 new tuba euph cd's into her itunes - productive day! now time to practice and make it complete   smile "
"worked out this morning  only a week-ish until i have to be in shape enough to <propmale> people around the field! \\now   time to breathe it up and rock some concerto sight reading  good day so far!  smile   "
this game is stressing me out! go cats!!!
"bring it back next game, cats! ok   enough softball, time to practice euphonium "
does anyone have any suggestions for a euphonium concerto that would stand a <propmale> of winning a concerto competition against other instruments? it has to be with orchestra (i think) and less than 20 minutes   i think it's time for a euphonium or a tuba to win that competition at ua   just sayin 
"working out seemed like a great idea yesterday, ha   i forgot about the soreness the next day  ouch!"
almost time for glee!!!! woot!
"i love glee  best show ever   at least equal with the office, in my book "
a huge cockroach just crawled under the piano in my room   i'm sleeping on the couch with my euphonium tonight 
"sytycd might make me cry   ugh, when did i turn into such a girl? it's been too long since i had to man up for drum corps   i miss marching "
just got the score for oc's show   so psyched!
"so i was inside my house, being a geek on youtube and looking at tuba euph videos online   which are somehow linked to the contrabass sax videos (who'd have thought?) - so i opened one and played it, just to see what it was about  and as soon as the cb sax player started playing, the birds 30 feet away outside scattered and left the yard  awesome "
might be buying a new (used) trombone tomorrow! crossed fingers that it's the horn i'm looking for!
"1 - has a new trombone\2 - had a great time at academy's center stage show tonight! i'm so proud that i was able to be a part of such an amazing organization for 6 years, and i don't regret a minute of it  love it and live it while you can, because too soon it will be just a memory   "
"does anyone have suggestions on good trombone mouthpieces (for a euphonium player)? apparently my sm4 and sm4u are not so good with trombone, ha "
"thinks the tucson studio folks should go to warm up at 7 in room 106 for the next 3 days   because i'll be there, and we can <propfemale> for the last few days before i go to oregon  ready go!"
is firmly convinced that singing loudly and with reckless abandon in the car is essential to being a good musician 
could either pay for health care coverage or rent for next year   do i really need health care coverage? really?
"needs to go to bed earlier tonight, ha  i went to warm up and came home, had breakfast and then slept from 10 until 2! i hope i can stay more awake during drum corps, lol  3 days til all-days!  smile "
had fun watching glee with the big brother!!! now for some trombone and euphonium time  smile   
"has a plan   1 more day in az, and then off to rock some drum corps - so excited!"
"last night in az until august 15th! i'm going to miss az and my family and friends, but i'm excited to teach some great kids out in oregon  if you need to get a hold of me, feel free to text me or call me, i'd love to hear from you!  smile  have a great summer!"
"is leaving to teach the oregon crusaders today! text me or give me a call, i'd love to hear from you over the summer!  smile "
"is having a great time teaching the oregon crusaders   and would like to gently remind them that running, breathing, and practicing are not optional in this week break  just sayin "
"i would much rather retake undergrad music history than try to study for this diagnostic exam   there's no way i'm going to remember any of this or be able to apply it to anything useful, even if i do make it through the entire book  i wonder if that's an option   "
"needs to get to a verizon store hopefully sometime today   anyone in portland want to give me a ride? after the 5 hours of adventure on public buses yesterday, i think i'm going to take a break from that, ha "
"is off to find a secluded, shady place to practice and enjoy euphonium for a few hours (without irritating the drum staff for once, lol)  go cats "
is living the dream and taking the kiddos to perform at turkeyrama   wait   what?
"i can't wait for drum corps to start again! keep throwin down this week, oc!!! (ps   that means turn off facebook, grab your instrument or equipment, and do work!) we're going for 3 <propfemale> of 1's and 1's or 8th notes next week, hornline   be prepared   "
is determined to learn the grid as step one to being less drum illiterate 
"chipotle, fixed phone, new pink and purple binder for oc stuff (just so <propfirst> can be stylin if he needs to borrow it)  break goals accomplished   all-days hut!"
had a great time helping <propmale> celebrate his birthday! now   time to enjoy the last day before all-days part dos  go cats 
"fyi - if you call me and i don't answer, you must leave a message or i will not be able to call you back  for some reason my phone says \no id\"" no matter who calls  lame  \",7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,i love this hornline 
drum corps is like figure skating   lol 
"is about to leave oregon to go on tour   time to rock it, oc!  smile   smile   smile "
"wow, rough logistical day, ha  at least we're on the road now to   somewhere, lol  drum corps drum corps drum corps   smile "
"first show in a month   throw down, oc!"
the effort is the prize   
staff <propfemale> at camp <propmale>!  smile 
enjoys hearing 'yeah   woooo!' love it  one more week     smile 
it is pouring! video to come sometime   
'articulation is a gateway drug to style ' - t-mod
it's 5 am   time to drive to indy and throw down!
"finals day! throw down, oc!"
"is at the gate, ready to watch oc have their best run of the year  throw down!"
"8th to 2nd in one year with the highest score in corps history? i'll take it!  smile    congrats oregon crusaders, thanks for an amazing summer!"
is back home in tucson and is a quarter of a century old!
"although i am a geek, studying music theory on my birthday is not what i really wanted to do today, lol  11 hours until my theory test, wish me luck!!!  smile "
"is spending the day practicing euphonium and trombone  and missing oc a little bit  please upload and tag some pictures asap, oc "
i'm pretty sure that the reason facebook photos isn't working as well as it should is because all of the drum corps kids just got back from tour and are trying to upload pics and videos as quickly as possible 
time to suck it up and do my drum corps laundry and clean my room to get ready for school  yeah grad school in 5 days!!!  smile 
"maybe i'm just not out of drum corps mode yet, but   something feels off and uncomfortable about being at u of a  maybe i should have just sucked it up and paid to go to u of o, just for the sake of being able to start over and not having to fight pre-concieved notions about my teaching and playing abilities  maybe it will be better when classes start   crossed fingers "
"1 movie, half a bottle of white vinegar, a tub full of lukewarm water, box of q-tips, a roll of paper towels, some silver polish, valve oil, slide grease, 4 hours of hard work and my horn is clean! \\time to practice, throw down, and get things back on track   bring it, life "
"enjoys playing a trombone with a working slide  smile    now if only i could play in tune with a good sound and good articulation   haha  one step at a time, i guess  so excited nervous to take trombone lessons again!"
is ready to throw down on her audition tomorrow 
well   that wasn't my best  stupid nerves 
"wishes she could be in oregon today  have fun at the banquet, oc! miss you guys!"
is going to do guard to keep my mind of things  spinning makes everything better     smile 
is really excited to be in wind ensemble again   but still wishes her audition had gone better  time to go practice more and become amazing 
day 1 of grad school! and   i have 3 hours until my first class  time to practice 
"ready for day two! warm up, theory, wind ensemble, and going to a tau beta sigma meeting (and practicing in between all of that)  go cats  smile "
had a good trombone lesson! that might be the first time i've ever thought and or said that  a day to <propfirst> in calendars and such  trombone studio is pretty awesome so far (as of day 2 of grad school) 
is trying to figure out how to practice 2 hours on trombone and 2 hours on euphonium every day on top of ensembles without killing her face   bring on the ice and ibuprofen!  smile 
"my wednesdays now consist of warm up, pedagogy, tuba-euph ensemble, tuba-euph studio lunch, tuba-euph studio, tuba quartet 2, and 1 real class  that's a heck of a lot of tuba and euphonium for one day, lol  i'm kind of loving grad school   just sayin "
"has been in the music building for 9 5 hours and has only played euphonium for 10 5% of that time  lame  time to stop studying, go home and get some euph on "
kind of loves people from oregon   just sayin 
"is living out her double life as a euphonium and trombone player  i feel like a double agent, though   practiced euph, went to a trombone party, practiced trombone, went to a euphonium tuba party, lol  good day!"
"\because playing in tune is fun \"""""
is loving grad school and is so glad to be in the trombone and euphonium studio  my lessons alone are totally worth every <propfemale> i'm spending right now 
tomorrow is a good day to do work and get better  go cats 
is being productive today   smile 
"for some reason, working out really hard outside in the heat makes me motivated and inspired to do amazing things and push my limits  i wonder where that comes from   wink "
"my phone split into 2 pieces just now   don't text me, because i won't get it  sad days  sad   "
"ok   i have a functional phone and almost all of the contacts i had before  i feel a little better  \\now i'm just sad that i lost a lot of awesome texts from wonderful people that i was saving   so if you consider yourself a wonderful person and you've texted me in the last 2 months something nice, you should re-send it to me so i can save it, ha  thanks!  smile "
is enjoying practicing the trombone more than the euphonium today   maybe i'll turn into a real trombone player after all  or maybe it's opposites day and no one thought to tell me  i'll check my sesame street calender just in case   
"oh peanut butter and jelly sandwich, how i've missed you these past 3 weeks   "
"has decided that wednesdays are euphonium-only days  i need at least one day a week where i can feel good about how it feels to play (without overthinking how the trombone compares to euph)  maybe that'll change once i have a better handle on trombone, but   for now  wednesday is officially declared \euphonium day\"" in my book """
is remembering   i hope you are too 
does anyone know how to print scores in finale so they are landscape and have like 16-20 measures or so per <propfemale>? i don't particularly want to have to turn <propfemale>s every 6 measures 
"and 4 hours later, i was able to print a score in landscape  i hate finale sometimes "
\i guess it's better to be who you are  turns out people like you best that way," anyway \"" \"7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,tuba ensemble playing coldplay = win 
is seriously considering taking a nap on the tuba room couch   i need to remember how i did that 5 hours sleep a night thing along with taking 22 credits 
loves being a sister of tbs 
so frustrated 
"facebook poll for music majors or former music majors: \\do you practice first and then do homework, or do you do homework and then practice? why?"
"fantastic day   got to talk to one of my favorite people in the world for a couple hours, gave some lessons, practiced euph and trombone, <propmale> with the family, and went to a comedy club with awesome friends  go cats "
"so happy to have a working euphonium again  for some odd reason, it's way easier to play when the 1st valve comes all the way up all of the time   wink \\time to do the homework i've been avoiding while i was taking a break from school  25 straight days of studying and practicing without giving myself a <propmale> to relax was a terrible idea   let's see if can do well in school and be a functional person at the same time "
there's nothing quite like trying to do homework in the room next to the beginning oboe techniques class   ouch 
"is attempting to kill sickness with sleep  unfortunately, my homework is not being cooperative and getting done while i sleep   crap "
my choice to be a normal human being this weekend is catching up with me   time to read 8 chapters! whoops 
i wish there was some way to channel emotion into music   but unfortunately crying puts a damper on my sound  i'm sure as heck emotional enough to be a musician   i just can't use it to my advantage 
is going to practice euphonium and have fun  euphonium is fun   not stressful  ok  back on track 
today is 12 million times better than yesterday was  thank goodness   smile 
"is mentally preparing for 7 jam packed days of concerts, rehearsals, gigs, practicing, and hw by getting some sleep tonight "
"the u of a symphony just played a concert of my people! and by my people, i mean mexicans and academy - huapango (and a song called danzon 2) ftw!  smile "
"is writing a paper hopeful potential journal article about the benefits, downsides, and hazards of drum corps for the aspiring brass player (and how to deal with private students that do drum corps in terms of transferring the good things while rehabilitating chops and sound, etc)   any brass players teachers have any thoughts about the topic?"
mozart    why you gotta be like that?
"the more i learn, the less i know   there's no way i have time to do all the things i should do to be as good as i could be  time to either lower my standards or go crazy "
is so excited to see <propmale> play tonight!
note to self: learn every song ever written so i never have to sight read in performance again 
60 mph winds? today might not be the best day to pull out the ol' flag and rifle   
"oh good, 2 in the morning on a sunday morning that i was going to get lots of sleep on   and i've been woken up with a sore throat and runny nose  so much for lots of sleep and a really productive practicing and hw day tomorrow "
"taking a day off of playing feels awful   but with a sore throat, i just don't think it will be productive  ugh "
"and   i'm still sick  sleeping and doing hw today, taking another day off of playing   hopefully this time off won't affect my recital too much  annoyed "
"well   at least since my mouth hurts too much to eat, maybe i'll lose weight?\\god works in mysterious ways    maybe his way of telling me to lay off of the delicious unhealthy and or healthy foods i love is by making my mouth hurt too much to eat them \\ps   virus=1, doctor=0  fail "
"had a great time at the <propfemale> wars concert last night, menos the part where my throat and tongue felt like they were on fire  note to self   triple tonguing when sick creates fire  almost feeling better, though   hopefully only a few more days until i'm back to normal "
"<propfemale>'s top model-a-thons followed by hours of chick flicks may have ruined my productivity today, ha  oh well   time to practice now "
42 day 
is abandoning the futile attempt to play right notes and trying to just make it through without stopping  crash and burn in t-minus 15 days   
"discovered pandora and jazz   but has to study for a research in the arts midterm and practice trombone (and watch glee)  decisions, decisions   "
midterm done in 10 minutes? yes! this reading all the materials for my classes thing is starting to finally have an impact   and now time for trombone and figuring out jazz 
las tubas de tucson recital in 12 days! the countdown begins   
is going shopping for a recital outfit   time to be girly for a couple hours!  smile 
"after 25 years of being a girl, i finally somewhat successfully curled my hair "
"1  thinks that some pop music and musical music is absolutely as valid as jazz and opera and classical music   i'm so sick of having people look down their noses at me because i listen to popular music \\2  is praying for my cousins kid that's going to the dr  tomorrow   love ya, kiddo!\\3  is slightly concerned that her accompanist couldn't figure out 12 8 today   with the recital in a week  insert panic attack "
needs a better schedule next semester  and needs to spend about 4 more hours in the practice room every day instead of in front of her computer typing papers and doing research and theory 
i love teaching lessons 
"today is the first day of octubafest 2010 at u of a, and it's going to be awesome! lesson with <propfirst> tindall, las tubas de tucson rehearsal, rehearsal with my accompanist, and then <propfirst>'s recital at 7 smile 0 in crowder hall - come check it out!"
"las tubas de tucson recital = success   even though it was super long, ha  thanks to everyone who checked it out online or in person, i appreciate your support and hoped you enjoyed it!  smile "
desperately needs help with theory   each week is more and more confusing 
"trombone = 1, <propfirst> = -12  i'm going to figure out how to play this darn thing (while still being a legit euphonium player) if it kills me "
"holy crap, poa   thanks for throwing down the best show i've seen from you  so proud to be an alum tonight!"
"happy birthday to my real life mom and my tbs kid! \\    oh, and happy halloween too  smile   "
trombone time! i think it would be fun if it didn't hurt my face so much   i feel like i must be doing something wrong  i wish i could figure it out 
"oh hiccups   if you would stop in the next 5 minutes so i could adequately prepare for my trombone lesson be able to play longer than a measure during my trombone lesson, that would be fantastic  and by fantastic, i mean figure it out and stop!!!!"
the voice in my head that keeps talking about the notes i just missed needs to shut up and let me focus on the music 
"euphonium, trombone, and c tuba next semester? hmm   i think less credits may be necessary in order to pull that off, ha  i'm excited, though!  smile "
"wind percussion area recital at 11 in holsclaw! i'm on 2nd with the ellerby concerto mvt 1 and 4, come check it out!  smile "
"only 4 days of school and 1 paper due next week? so excited for a relaxing weekend where all i have to do is practice  and exercise  and maybe work on some long term projects  and practice more (since concerto competition is this week)  \\still   so excited!"
"drum corps friends   anyone know of a really great youtube video of a warm up including articulation lip slurs long tones? maybe 1-2 minutes?\\i need something to add to a powerpoint i'm doing about how doing drum corps and being a great brass player can go hand in hand   and i would like to show the classical musicians in my class how good drum corps can sound  the videos i've found are not helping my case, ha "
"concerto competition tomorrow! throw down of the ellerby will commence at 4 smile 2 in centennial hall   cross your fingers for me! (and the other brass players, specifically those that play in the lower and more beautiful register   just sayin )"
"hmm   not the best i've ever played, but one of the better times i've played in front of people  i'm ok with that  results tomorrow! (or maybe later tonight   crossed fingers!) \\go cats!"
low brass players for the win! 2 weeks til concerto competition finals!  smile 
"would anyone like to be serenaded in the next week? my assigment for the week is to perform the <propfirst> ellerby euphonium concerto 10 times (in front of real people that make me nervous) before the concerto competition finals   \\any takers?  smile "
oh goodness! so many drum corps status updates from the oregon crusaders   i miss you guys! rock it at auditions next weekend!
"will be throwing down on the ellerby mvts 1, 3, and 4 on november 23rd at (tentatively) 9 smile 2 am in crowder hall  come check it out!"
"i literally just duct taped my tuning mechanism back on to my horn   and it's working, ha  i am going to play well in this competition no matter what you throw at me, life!!! bring it!"
"today i finished an awesome book, nailed some high notes on trombone, and rocked the ellerby's face off  go cats \\now about that theory homework i've been putting off for 6 days now   "
"i feel off today   maybe if i take a nap i can start over, ha "
today was pretty terrible overall  but i'm determined that tomorrow will be better 
today is already way better than yesterday! even with having to sight read on trombone in front of people   hopefully this 4 hour streak of good things continues through my midterm at 4      smile 
"haha    i love my big bro  \i leave town for a week and a half and suddenly pot is legal and my sister is dating a democrat?!!\"" - <propmale>"""
it's a night for a chop break   cause it just ain't happening after doing so many run through's of the ellerby  time to attack that 20 <propfemale> research paper that's due in 3 weeks   yikes! i feel like a grad student!
"good luck at auditions this weekend, oc! wish i could be there to see you guys throw down and start it off right   let me know how things go!  smile "
9 smile 2 am   performance run through #1 
i really want to play pictures at an exhibition with a full brass section   so cool 
9 smile 2   performance run through 2!
"47 surveys condensed to fit on 47 pages   and it only took 2 hours! now for analyzing data and writing the paper   i would definitely rather be at oc's auditions right now, ha "
"excited for the concerto competition tomorrow! it's open to the public - you should come check out some of the top woodwinds and brass at the u of a!\\good luck everyone!"
"runner up! i'll take it  smile      but i'm winning the next one, lol  congrats to <propfirst> hicks for taking the win!"
"is glad to be seeing her family in yuma today  have a great thanksgiving, everyone!"
is thinking about applying for a travel <propmale> to go the us army tuba euph conference    is anyone else planning on going?
"i injured my knee today by attempting to <propfemale> my backpack, computer, euphonium, trombone, bag o music, and purse all at the same time   which sucks, ha  hopefully it will be better tomorrow \\in related news, i learned that when my knee hurts, i automatically revert back to straight leg marching technique that allows me to move pain-free  old habits die hard     smile "
"90%   someday i'll play a solo without any mistakes, ha  oh well, still a fantastic concert by the wind ensemble, menos a few strange things  \\in other news    i really want to be a part of a flash mob dance thing  how do those things get organized, and when how can we make one happen in tucson?"
"hey drum corps friends - does anyone have a really terrible picture of someone in uniform playing with puffy cheeks or obvious tension? i need one more pic for my drum corps presentation and i can't seem to find a good(bad) picture   if you do, send it my way!"
97% on my research final!  smile  now about that paper that's 55% of my grade   
"i'm not all about the rivalry   but for those of you that missed 30 rock tonight because you were at the football game, you missed a good one! \\\a parent is the one person who is supposed to make their kid think they can do anything  thinks they're smart even when they go to arizona state \"" -<propfirst> donaghy", 30 rock\7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,people take college football waaaaaay too seriously  i'd much rather watch a swim meet 
"new mouthpiece on trombone, starting c tuba, and playing a different euph    my chops are all sorts of confused today, lol  tuba christmas tomorrow, 8 smile 0 am - be there! and if you aren't fortunate enough to play the tuba or euphonium, come watch us play at 2 pm at the oro valley marketplace!\\(and good luck oc! have a great 2nd audition camp in salem!)"
i love tuba christmas 
"straight no chaser is on pbs! love it!\   and still working on my paper "
"paper 75% completed   just that pesky discussion section left, ha  \\how did oc go this weekend?! miss you, oc!"
"signing off facebook until my paper is done and my trombone is practiced   or at least until i need a break from writing my paper and practicing, ha "
so close   i can't wait for friday!
"reading, writing, and research are done  time to perform! scales in 3rds and tunes in all 12 keys at 8 smile 0, pedagogy final due at 9, research paper, poster, and presentation due at 4  crossing my fingers all that goes well on 4 hours of sleep!  smile "
"wow, really? you're going to move the final presentation date again? really??? good thing i haven't wasted my time preparing and practicing for this presentation in place of practicing my instruments or anything   oh wait    never mind "
apparently playing the ellerby is not like riding a bike   
and    i'm sick  dang it 
i'm already sick of being sick and it's only been like 48 hours 
commence re-reading my entire theory textbook in the hopes that i can rock my final on thursday   ready go!
"i got to help with editing kunzer's new cd today! good times  \\drum corps presentation tomorrow (aka finally!!!!), studying for my theory final, and turning pages for kunzer's recording session  almost done with this semester     smile "
"just had a dream that i was looking at my grades for this semester and realized i had a d in a class that i couldn't remember signing up for   then my friend reminded me that we were in the class together and i had just stopped showing up because i thought the class was stupid \\when i woke up, i had to check to make sure it wasn't real   maybe i'm more stressed about school than i should be, ha "
drum corps presentation = throw down to the <propmale>   smile 
theory theory theory theory    theory    theory theory theory    theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory   facebook   theory theory theory   
"theory makes me want to cry  that was perhaps the worst 2 hours of this semester, staring at the music thinking \i have no idea what happens from the main theme until the development section   \""    for 2 hours  how can i enjoy my break when my semester ended with that? ugh """
today i learned that adding milk to cookie dough mix that doesn't ask for it makes cookie-cake  whoops 
going shopping! finally 
christmas shopping = 85% done  cute dress and shoes for wedding and present for <propfirst> and <propfemale> = purchased  pep band stuff for the winter break = picked up  <propfirst> = awesome 
"did guard in typical drum corps rehearsal gear outside today and was completely comfortable  time to decorate the christmas tree!\\az ftw "
has been arranging music since 10 smile 0 and lost track of time   whoops  time to sleep!
just bought some cool presents for the kiddos! i'm excited   smile 
has somehow lost weight over christmas break  i'm pretty sure that means that not enough people are giving me cookies and other delicious treats  just sayin 
"wow   finally listening to the off-bass brass \knock yourself out\"" cd all the way through  holy crap  quartet   we need to rehearse and be more awesome  just sayin """
"2 travel <propmale> applications in, conra piece mostly written, cafe 1930 mostly arranged   time to practice   smile "
"i think this \team edward\"" water bottle is a little high maintenance", lol   \7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,i just learned about the positive effects of slapping someone to get rid of their hysteria from mythbusters   including increasing overall performance in activities requiring focus  maybe i should have someone slap me before my recital 
where is it snowing in tucson?!
"humbly apologizes to anyone in the near vicinity for the horrible jazz improv   it may be a lost cause, but i'm going to attempt it regardless  mostly because i have to, and partially because i really want to get it   i just don't know if my brain is has the right equipment for jazz "
teaching lessons is my favorite thing ever 
breaking out the notecards and the music history book  who doesn't want to have to retake undergraduate history? this girl  bring it 
you know you used to work for a ghetto school when you find the end of the year award they gave you for \teaching our students that those things are instruments," not weapons \"" \"7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,"i introduced my parents to \damn you auto correct\"" last night   insert constant giggling from the other room  at least i know where i get it from   smile """
any trombone players want to sub for a sub for pep band tomorrow? i have a music history test the next morning and i would really rather study and pass that so i don't have to retake undergrad music history  i think it's a mens game  let me know if you could help me out!!!
"pep band sub found! sweet! now i can study more for music history   it's strange how much my priorities have changed since undergrad, ha "
"anyone have a copy of <propmale> <propfirst>'s concertino that i could borrow for a few weeks? i ordered it, but it might not get here till the 26th   "
"2 days of studying music history and i'm only to the baroque   maybe i should just cross my fingers and pray that all of my studying in 2006 will magically help me tomorrow, lol  yay for multiple choice?"
"i attempted to look up \galliard\""   and google said \""did you mean \""gaylord\""? lol """
"the best thing i can say about it is the music history diagnostic is that at least i recognized 90% of the names and terms, even if i knew nothing about them  that's progress, right? \\i was destined to fail that anyway  no amount of studying on my part would have helped, because had i had more time, i still would have memorized and studied the wrong things  sigh "
"as much as i appreciate that obama (and mccain) are coming into town today in honor of those injured and killed in the tragedy on saturday, i'd rather be alone or with close friends praying for the families affected  i can't help but worry this event is going to turn into a political statement about something or other, and i just can't handle it being used for politics "
"brass regional prep session on saturday from 9 to noon!  teachers, tell your kiddos about it!"
i'm glad today is almost over  time to go home and practice some trombone and tuba and forget about the people that have been driving me crazy 
yesterday i practiced all 3 instruments for a total of 6 and a half hours   and today my face still feels great  this 3 lessons a week thing might work out after all  time to go play some trombone and tuba   smile 
"\an imploding <propfemale> is a very dangerous place to be   \"""""
\you cannot see the human heart,\7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,"\so much time and so little to do  wait a minute  strike that  reverse it \"""""
one day more 
"phew! that was a tough first week and a day of school! i think i need a break, lol   maybe i'll travel, do some deep breathing, listen to some great music, and watch some inspiring performances this next week to recover   smile "
glad to be back with the team   smile 
practicing the euphonium in oregon 
"does anyone live in near la that could maybe let me stay with them tonight? i might need someplace to stay, i'm trying to fly to washington dc for the army tuba-euph conference, but apparently they're cancelling flights all over the place right now "
"finally on my way to the army tuba euph conference! i'm missing a 3rd of what i had planned on going to, due to flight cancellations   better late than never?"
it took 29 hours   but i finally made it from oregon to dc  so excited to see the rest of the army tuba-euph conference!
"exhausted, but so glad i came out to the conference! this is exactly what i needed to get my brain back in gear for a quality semester  1 more day of tuba-ing in the snow and then back to az!"
projected budget for trip: 904 97  actual cost before breakfast in the airport: 900 29  ftw 
i love drum corps in oregon and tuba-euph awesomeness in dc    but i'm really glad to be home in tucson  and i'm inspired and ready to throw down for the rest of the semester  win-win-win   smile 
i would much rather be practicing than writing this paper  but i really need that piece of official looking paper next year that says i have a masters degree   so i will write it  darn college requirements 
"really productive day of fundamentals, jazz, and sight reading today! and by productive, i mean it was kinda scary bad and clearly necessary, ha  \a little better eeeevery day   \"" lol  \",7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,"completely de-railed my trombone pedagogy class today and started an animated discussion between my euphonium tuba professor and trombone professor about breathing, buzzing, and whether or not it's possible to get all of the air of your lungs actually through your horn (and whether it's important to do so)  whoops "
does anyone have any tips on how to make your brain stop telling you everything you're doing wrong while you're playing? my brain keeps yelling at me at the wrong times and throws off my groove 
brass ensemble rehearsal time!
listening to <propmale> <propmale> and doing my reading   hopefully some jazz will infiltrate my brain's classical defenses so that i have a <propmale> at being jazzy sometime in the near future 
"3 hours of listening to <propmale> <propmale> and i'm finally done reading my mus <propmale> chapter   super informative and enlightening about philosophies of learning and <propmale>ucation  \\i like this class, but sometimes i get frustrat<propmale> - i really wish we would have read this book in my undergrad  i think i would have had a much better <propmale> of being a good teacher had i read this back then "
time to go practice   playing trombone for masterclass monday and recording the ellerby in 9 days  bring it 
trombone time! here we grow  (thanks drum corps   )
"sometimes the euphonium makes me want to kick things  i seriously don't understand why i can't play a high b   ever  i can play above it comfortably   i can play below it, obviously   i can buzz it   but i can't make it come out of my horn  i'm sure it's a \user-error\"" but i sure as heck can't figure out what i'm doing wrong  ugh """
"there you are, euphonium embouchure! i've missed you the past few days   please don't ever leave me again  i was wrong for cheating on you with the trombone and tuba   i'm sorry \\how's that for a pre-valentines day love story?"
"once again, i'd like to say that i love teaching lessons  best thing ever   smile "
change your profile pic to a picture of you and your sweetheart? um   done and done?
"i'm officially a <propfemale> for the film department! congrats to <propfemale> too, for also rocking the film <propfemale>-ness  ftw!"
i did ok at jazz today   smile 
"last day before recording the ellerby! (well, half of it tomorrow, half of it monday)  \\i can't decided what i should practice today   or even if i should  decisions, decisions   "
"wearing my academy ring and determined to play like a champion today  bring it, recording session "
"recording session went well! the recording sounds better than i remember playing   thanks for your recording magic, <propmale>!"
had fun hanging out with <propfemale> and <propmale> and other math-type folks last night! who would have thought that math people were normal and fun?  wink 
officially published in the tuba journal   smile 
"wow   i really hate when people think cutting music to save money is a good and viable option  i guess gaga is going to have to be enough music for all of us, since clearly life in the united states would be way better without professional musicians in the military or in professional orchestras  \\wait   something about that seems off  i can't quite put my finger on it   "
just read a study that found that the tuba is the most masculine instrument  just sayin 
"apparently taking like 5 days off of trombone and tuba (because i wanted to have some good recording sessions on euph) makes me sound awesome on them? i don't understand   but i'm not complaining  \\the complaining will come tomorrow when the magic stops working, lol "
"i just realized that in the next week, there are extra wind ensemble rehearsals, 2 wind ensemble concerts, a chamber winds concert, <propfirst> brown's recital, adia's recital, a <propfirst> <propmale> masterclass, a philharmonic orchestra concert, a symphony orchestra concert, and the wildcat jass band concert (which kicks of jazz week   which = a week of concerts every night) \\i need a nap just thinking about it  ugh "
"i had a good trombone lesson?! the universe is all sorts of out of wack, ha  \\in other news   throw down this weekend, oc!"
had a good time at adia's recital and after party! commence trying to cram in all of my practicing for the day into a 3 hour period   ready go 
"played trombone in front of trombone studio today   i haven't shaken that badly in a performance situation since my first grad school audition  \\i hope someday i'll figure out how to be confident performing by myself in front of people   otherwise i am wasting huge amounts of time practicing, lol "
"finished editing the ellerby   officially moving on  woot!\\ps   let me know if you want to check it out!"
"\working too hard can give you a heart attack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack \"" thanks", billy joel  \7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,got $700 in <propmale> money for the army tuba conference! yes!!!!! that definitely makes my week better   smile 
"anyone have any suggestions for good orchestra recordings of anything? i'm trying to catch up on orchestral rep in my itunes, and i'm looking for some good places to start  (orchestra name, year-ish, and work would be helpful  smile  ) "
"\an attractive teacher with a pleasing personality is more effective in changing attitudes than a teacher who is grouchy and unattractive \"" \",7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,\everybody is a genius  but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree," it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid \""\"7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,"i'm so tired of being judged for the kind of music that i like  just because it's complicated doesn't make it good, and just because it's simple doesn't make it bad  i like listening to it  period  that's all that matters  i'm allowed to put a simple <propfemale> on my recital - it's a break from the 20th century music surrounding it  deal with it "
i'm 90% sure the ice cream truck just drove by my house playing the arpeggio clarke study  umm    
"i miss my odyssey girls today  in honor of all of my favorite ladies on the planet, and in my quest to find enjoyment in music again, i am going to go in a big room at ua and play feelin good for y'all  i hope you can hear it, wherever you are   smile "
hoping all my japan friends are doing ok  sad    thoughts and prayers to you all!
"'new research shows that men generally flounder in the face of chronic stress, and women excel '"
"awesome version of <propmale> mis on pbs right now (done last year in london, i think)   check it out!"
"\we have this thing called study hall at my school where we can go to any classroom we want to get things done   so i went to the band room and practiced every day \"" \",7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,"i guess it was bound to happen - i officially need to wear reading glasses for my music reading  apparently the dizzy-can't-see-straight after playing for several hours is not a high from playing awesome, but a sign that my eyes are giving up on me and i need glasses, lol "
i'm currently listening to <propfemale> primavera's recital recording   so impressed and inspired!  smile 
"you'd think that after memorizing 13 marching shows, 1 stage show, and countless stand tunes and encore pieces that i would be better at this   *brain imploding* \\anyone have any hints or suggestions on memorizing solos?"
just found my odyssey audition tape from 2008 and watched it  i learned 4 important things from it 
"well, euphonium   it's been a fun week  but unfortunately, i have to ignore you for a few days while i write 2 papers, read 80 pages of sociology and music <propmale> journals, do a trombone p<propmale>agogy midterm, send in 2 applications for auditions, fill out all of my recital paperwork, work on a case study, and apply for a scholarship  sad panda "
i'm going to be in flagstaff tomorrow afternoon and in phoenix on friday night and a bit on saturday to check out academy's rehearsal at tsc - anyone want to <propfemale> out?
heading to flagstaff today and phoenix tonight and tomorrow! text me if you want to <propfemale>! (520-405-8553)
just had an awesome trombone lesson with <propfirst> vining  ftw!  smile 
39 out of 45 status updates on my newsfeed are about the cats making it to the sweet 16   just sayin  go cats!
"\triumphant majesty and greatness combined with passion and energy should be the key words for your concept!\"""""
wow   i can't believe how much stuff i have due in the next two weeks  another week of sacrificing practice time to do homework and go to concerts   sigh 
the effort is the prize 
'stop thinking and go practice!' - <propmale>
"i learned today that i should never ask serious questions to the tuba studio  especially the question \how would your friends describe you \"""""
"'if you're going to be terrible, be terrible right on beat!' - <propfirst> rivera"
"stupid school with stupid papers and midterms and case studies   i just want to practice! c'mon, school of music   i know i'm a music <propmale> <propmale>, but let me be a musician, too!"
practicing from 11 smile 0 to 1 am with a practice mute in my apartment has proven effective  i'm adding it to my list of things that work   smile  in other news   go cats!
still actively supporting the cats by not watching and jinxing it  go cats!!!!
"advisor - \what history course are you taking right now?\"" \",7a1d058a959f9316d3ddfc3d383cf03b,glad to have the <propmale> to give back to the academy a little bit by being one of the many speakers at the benefit dinner tonight   smile 
"picking <propfirst> buble on pandora was definitely a good choice  <propfirst> buble, <propfirst> sinatra, and <propfirst> armstrong while doing homework? yes please!"
somehow all of the audio recordings i had for my case study that's due tuesday got erased from my recorder  that's really upsetting   sad 
"i'm excited to get my glasses this week (hopefully)  since the words on the computer screen are too blurry to read after working on things for 4 hours, i think i have a good excuse to stop doing homework and go to bed "
case study done and managed to play all 3 horns today  goodnight!
"the floor in the music building was wet, and i slipped on a ramp and fell on my horn on my way to warm up  now the kick slide sticks out every time i use it and my 4th valve is slow  that's it, life - you win  i get it, i'm not meant to be a euphonium player  i give up "
excited to play for <propfirst> jantsch today in masterclass   smile 
"most fun i've had all year  for reals  and yes, <propfemale> rogers, you owe me a bag of chips   smile "
it's officially been two years since i got in my car accident on the worst day ever to get in a car accident (because nobody believes you)  glad it hasn't happened again!  smile 
"hot weather makes me more motivated to practice and get things done  thanks, drum corps   "
"i just made hard boiled eggs for the first time ever, and they came out awesome! i know this is probably not a big deal, and that they're probably hard to screw up   but i'm really proud of myself! lol "
"i don't understand why i have to restart my computer every single time i want to open a pdf file  really, computer? really? \\is this normal? what am i doing wrong here?"
rocked cafe 1930 with <propfemale> <propmale> this morning - i'm glad the percussion studio liked it! recital in 19 days   time to get down to business 
"today ended up being a good day   and a musical definition for your enjoyment annoyed \\cut time - when everyone else is playing twice as fast as you are \"" (courtesy of my mom  smile  )"""
eating cookie dough and drinking milk   skipping the middle man   smile 
"i just realized why i sound super lame when i play written jazz   and i don't know whether to be happy that i figured it out or upset that it took me so long to get something so simple, ha "
"apparently playing the trombone while sick is not the same as being a \sick\"" trombone player   it was worth a shot   wink """
going to see live opera for the first time ever  smile 
"whoops   i had such a productive weekend doing other things, but   i probably should have done homework too, ha  still - taxes done, 11 hours of practicin stuff, and exercising all in one weekend? i call it a win  \\don't forget to check out the hooch strikes back! will houchin, senior recital tomorrow night! because if you haven't heard rap with tuba accompaniment, you haven't lived   "
"don't forget to check out the hooch strikes back! will houchin, senior recital tonight!!! because if you haven't heard rap with tubas, you haven't lived   7 smile 0 in centennial! (come in the east stage door)"
"\it was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing   \"""""
"tuba=1, stacey=0    rematch tomorrow morning at 7 am  bring it "
"someday i'll be able to memorize music, be interactive with the audience, have fun playing, and play well all at the same time  someday "
meltdown lesson number 3 this year   sad 
"so i'm supposed to watch \bluesy\"" jazz on youtube to help me figure out some jazz stuff   any suggestions?"""
air ==> buzz ==> sound ==>     smile 
"maybe instead of playing music at my recital, i'll just wear fun hats "
i got super excited when the sociology article to read for tomorrow mentioned drum corps (talking specifically about bd 03)   until it completely missed the point and started making something out of nothing  see below 
i need to get away and figure things out 
"almost feeling ok again  not great, but almost ok  goals for next year    \1) say no to non-required classes, even if they sound really cool and i really want to take them\2) figure out realistically how much time i can spend on other instruments if i want to keep getting better at euphonium (and be ok with not achieving as much on trombone and tuba)\3) stop being such a perfectionist"
come see @will houchin mc tomorrow night at  at 7 pm in holsclaw! also playing will be <propfemale> <propmale> rockin' the marimba and <propfirst> <propfirst> on the euphonium 
"it's 10:22   and i've already gone shopping, straightened my hair, warmed up, and watched holmes on homes   i might be nervous about tonight, ha "
"recital over! thanks to everyone who came to listen, and special thanks to <propfemale> <propmale>, will houchin, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> rivera, <propfirst> karlberg, and brennen motz for playing or helping me out tonight!"
"oh well  i don't really foresee any orchestral trombone playing in my future anyway, seeing as i can't play loud for longer than 6 seconds without needing a breath, ha  at least i made it to the second to last excerpt before completely crashing and burning "
"\music and singing should be taught to provide pleasurable e playful eriences rather than drudgery \"""""
"i had fun hanging with my aunt, cousins, and their kiddos tonight! yay for kid musicals  smile "
big plans for next year! i'm excited   smile 
"i'm the new secretary for the arizona trombone association   oaths will be sworn on the arban on monday, and i will be presenting my trombone birth certificate in 3 years   wink "
"great concert by the ua orchestras tonight! sing along, slide show, narrator, choir, and fantastic music   what more could you want? \\in other news   trombone jury, euphonium jury, clarke's test, sociology paper, trombone p<propmale> paper and final, music <propmale> paper and presentation, and an audition in the next week and a half    almost done!"
"wearing glasses for the first time   i don't like this at all  hopefully my head won't hurt after working on homework for the next 4 hours, though "
i think all music in the key of e should be moved up a half step  just sayin 
"does anyone have a really solid grasp on the kodaly method? in skimming reading the 12 or so books on his philosophies about music education, i'm finding that every \e playful ert\"" on this has a completely different interpretation of \""the kodaly method \"" any advice on where to focus my attention for this project would help   """
"audition this weekend and papers galore  man, i can't wait until drum corps   "
"(halfway through the clarke studies in warm up this morning   )\<propfirst> <propfirst> : it's just a walk in the park, right?\will lathrop : yeah, only there's bears and stuff "
i guess i just don't understand what's funny about playing great music badly  and i also don't understand what gives college students any right to mock an amateur musician's composition   maybe someone could e playful lain it to me 
"3 days until my first real life live audition    5 days until my huge paper presentation is due  decisions, decisions   "
"celebrating the 2nd anniversary of the day i realized that \cinco de mayo\"" meant \""the fifth of may \"""""
"any tips on how to take luggage, trombone, euphonium, and backpack on a plane? my current plan is euphonium and luggage under the plane, backpack and trombone on the plane with me   do airlines allow trombones as carry-ons?"
