3652f2ecc9ac20506bb35e1ff93b4c49
is thinking do not tackle the poor boy  wink 
eaten a healthy snack i cant get fat
eevee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"?  this is <propmale>, copy paste him on  ? every update you see so he can   \\ take over facebook  you've been bobed   "
got in a car wreck  ow
love pirate settings
new haircut looks no different but i still needed one
"my abs hurt, too much ripstix-ing but hey whatever black sheep (hopefully) for new years <propfemale>!! any other ideas tell me!!"
"he got a haircut, his mom was interesting, but hey the hair looks good  smile "
i love that the two people im textin are online too but i refuse to im them lol
"fell asleep at 9 pm on the last day of break, im cool, not!!"
"\ conscience does make cowards of us all \"" - hamlet ( and it actually pertains to me)"""
well just play mw 2 and i feel like  boy im off to read cosmo
is sick and her eyebrows are bleeding
that was     fun but my head is killing me     fml
"well this sucks, no amount of drugs is helping me lol"
how does my horse have 101 mutual friends with me but 131 friends in total wtf!
night everyone!!
sigh i wish i could see    
im off to go creeping on fb jkk
im reading of human bondage lol  for class lololol
what celebrity  do i look  like?
wow i love sparknotes
note to self dont try to convince your father to unground you lol doesnt end well
guys im just on here for help with a paper unless you can help dont talk to me 
i cant do this im gonna die i cant i dont know im too stupid for this i cant i cant i cant fml!!
yay! bathtime!!!!!!
i think hes caligynephobic look it up!
"went to horse fair, got kicked out, chilled with my friends good weekend in my opinion!"
"dear dad, if i had to choose whether to save you or mom from certain death, i would choose mom in a heartbeat, without much more than a blink of the eye at your e playful ense"
omg im done!!!
i get a new phone tomorrow no more dinosaur
"people think i dont notice they think i cant see, i act dumb, but i can tell what you mean"
just spent 50 minutes doing my hair and now its curly
just realizedboys are just triangles with things attached
taco bellll!!!!!!!
i got work on monday @taco <propfemale> lol
being 18 is no different than 17 and thank you for all the happy birthdays thanks you for everything and boyfriend your awesome cause glass coke bottles are legit
