686f9c46aae6aa43072313baf1a7ba95
"ok   so happy new year's fb!!! i wish u all peace, joy, and happiness  if anyone has resolutions, follow thru and dont b a slacker like me! lol   may god continue to bless you all    xoxo  playful "
noooow its new years in albuquerque    <propfemale> new year!!!
its cold here in albuquerque
is mad b c they're not showing my saints in albuquerque!!!!!  sad 
happy veteran's day!!! i'm glad i served my country    remember the troops who served and are still fighting in afghanistan and other parts of the world  freedom is not free 
"is wondering    \what xcatly is a friendship?!!?\"" fakeness   """
"happy thanksgiving family!!!  smile  as u are sitting down to enjoy your meal, please pray for the less fortunate   "
this goes out to the ppl that r hurting   feel ur pain   dont cover it up with fake smiles  e playful ress it  get bitchy  be mad  nothin wrong with it
my christmas lights and my <propfirst> brown tree r up!! everything is copacetic and energetic!!! izactly    wink 
"#369 hell fukn yea im ready, cuz we crew   always will b   love ya ;p"
umm   somebody number me   lol
#689    u were crazy and cool   yet i could never completely figure u out   message me whenever!! we had fun in school  
#212   how can i forget ur smile?
"#99 u know i love u to death   i dont know what else to say  we are, to me, still sisters   i need to call u and vice versa   we grew up together and u were always there for me   love ya"
#123   she she she burger she kee!!! lol   i dont even kno y u put ur # in my inbox   u know ur my big sis and i love you to death  you r amazing to me!
"quote of the day: \niggaz kill niggaz at night   \"" - mystikal"""
<propfemale> christmas fb!!!!! hope that you and yours have a blessed day      playful 
"i always tell the truth, even when i lie      *scarface*     awesome  playful "
young love    
"who dat said they gon beat them saints?!!?!!?!! nobody, that's who!!!!"
"a new year, fresh starts   cant wait!!!"
fb   whats up? just checkin in   still working on my resolutions   i know one thing   everybody has to do what makes them happy    but <propfemale> make a promise that u cant keep   dont keep ppl in the dark   xoxo
am i the only one i know that admits to watching jersey shore? omg   
is watching fight club for the zillionth time!!! love it  
"if you want to kill your imaginary friend, just shoot urself in the face    but dont kill your own self "
u ain't crew if u dont know what im talkn bout   shady  
i just woke up!!!! sad   
im not gonna lie and say i'm not upset   the seahawks? come on!!! but i still love my saints  we got dat next year    who dat nation   
whats up fb    guess im goin for vick today   what about ya'll? holla back!! xoxo
booorrreeeddd!!!!!!!!
morning fb   got a banging headache   what a way to start the day!!  sad 
tosh 0 is hi-frickin-larious!!!! lmao
just took my flu shot   they didn't even give me a sticker or a lollipop  sad     * playful *
im cold   is the heater working? damn   at least the dogs are keeping my feet warm
"jesus take the wheel!!! i pray over my beloved family, friends, and myself "
is watching curse of the <propfemale> flower on ifc   great movie!!!!
morning fbf!!! god is good!
oh    and happy mlk   why dont they have a <propmale> x holiday??
wonders when the pepsi cola super fair is coming back    if ever?!!???!!?
when am i gonna finish this cover letter???? smh
"birth of a nation should be watched by everyone  form your own opinions   you hear about it in school, but u should watch it  a mess "
"anyone who is into \words with friends\"" mu user name is  sweetangelk"""
