05e699f9c656b022f9bc7cd6bd821fc0
"is fufilling her first promise for the new year  looking up colleges  alone  t^t but i can tough it through   maybe if someone colleged based, not bound, could help me, i do have a couple of questions to ask "
"|sitting outside my window, watching the rain fall, doodling happily away on my paper  dad tourchuring the dog, mum just complaining, eventually to yell up to me to go fix it all  with one glance i see; with one thought, i smile  my red string looped arou"
"craaaaaaaap! messanger says \ youve excedded the limit of talking  no more for you  bleh > annoyed ""p \"" gwarsg darn you facebook! i have alot of friends!!!"""
"| why the hell does this have to happen? espicially this soon! didnt you just get here? didnt we just meet, hanging out with all our other friends in this row?   everyone is gone   the past has left me behind   soon those demons will be knocking on my doo"
is more determined the freaking ever to make a diglet cosplay  anyone wanna be my dugtrio~  love  it would be cool to go off together to harajuku as a dugtrio with someone   
"wot is with these animes and mangas having such lame ending? i mean, come on  skip beat, you seriously dissapoint me  im going back to pokemon  atleast there is no ending to dissapoint me >:{"
"a picture may say a million words, and in a lifetime, a human could talk more than double that amount, but in silence does everything really come together  in silence do we couples slowly fall more in love with one another  in silence do we honor the dead"
#o@ loord help me! im becoming like <propfemale> and pariz! so no to the  pron taty! so no to the pron!
has a looooong night ahead of her  babysitting till 8 in the next mornin    this would be easier if i had someone else here who could keep me awake  pariz! why dont you live next to me???!?!
"|the world we live is technology based we have become dependent of these gadgets for everyday life we feel as if these simple things that we take for granted were gone,we couldnt live a life has happy as we do now however,when you wake up with the earth,a"
thank you sooo much pariz <propfemale> jacks! t^t its amazing wot a change of hairstyle can do to a person  i have so much more confidence in myself now! woot woot! i cant wait to try out something ive been wanting to for a long time  go gooey eyes!
has about 400+ photos to upload  uugghhhh! t@t
"is dead beat tired, anf feels really drained for some unknown reason  and i cant shake this feeling off of me  this wierd dark feeling trailing close behind me  i feel like woteva it is, its sucking the energy outta me "
is having a `everything ust go` yard sale  t^t anyone wanna buy my <propmale> book collection? its 66 boooks wide t^t
"| the money burning in my pocket, i watch the little girl walk off with a part of my soul  ~sigh~ im gonna miss this all  but after today, ive realized something  i havent changed in the least  truthfully, ive only improved on myself  ~my time no longer h"
"<propfemale> gave birth! im so happy! plus, her love and trust in me has grown so much deeper! she actually caressed my hand! ^\\\\\\ \\\\\\^ ~  love  who would guess that a stray cat would love a human? but i wonder who is the father? ringtail?"
"ugh  i just cant get it in my head that im leaving this house  it just doesnt seem like its gonna happen  wasnt it just yesterday that i was walking around my house, living my life ever so peacefully, with not a care on my mind  i feel like i just got to "
"~sigh~ lifetime turns into milliniums, milliniums turn into decades, decades turn into years, years become weeks, weeks become days, which turns into hours, which minute, to seconds, then finnaly,into memories  as you lay beside me, i can think of no one "
"| starting tommorow at 11'o clock, i will be boarding the narita bus to be leave this awwwwsoome place of majic, love, and wonder! if you would like to come and visit me, i will be very happy  in front of the psd, that ish where i will be  and if i dont t"
"everybody! today at 11, i am leaving!!!! see yall there!"
"is sitting inside the airport, happily thinking about her friends  my plane leaves at 6'o clock in the afternoon, and i hope you will look to the sky, and think of me  and i will never forget any of you, nor will i ever forget this wonderful land  thank y"
"ugh! finnaly! ive been sooo  long away from my facebook! i miss all of you, dont get me wrong  but im glad i got away from all of you    joking! i would never say that  im hungary    dont worry people, im working on coming back to japan sometimes  and i do think of you every day "
"|aboard the back of the robot shall we fly, high, high, higher into the sky  the sun on our back, and the stars in our eyes, we head towards laputa  in my bag, a loaf of bread i baked, in our hearts, the memory of the lights below  a peaceful world we will create, something of happiness and joy, just the three of us  yet the day will come, and laputa will fall, and become one with the stars,but home is where you are "
"|heistant heart, be gone  doubtful mind, release  the time has come to shine, to spread my wings, to throw my voice to the stars, to stand in the light  and if i heisitate for the tiniest second, all the good wishes and strength everyone has given to me will fade away | i will be able to sing the national anthem in front of the whole school before the softball game  hear my roar <propmale> robins biatches!!!"
"remember the box? remember the storm? all those dark things clouding my mind are gone, and all that is left is the memory of stars, and burning coals  times have changed, and i have grown in so many ways  yet, why does my heart feel so heavy? why do i feel this heavy tirbulation when i think of love, or my future  please, no more love songs  no more couples  its all to simple, to unreal, to   to  fake "
"i remember us in the air,flying around on our paper wings,laughing and talking,speaking of the days when our real wing would grow sure enough,my time came, and i was so excited everyone told me i would temporarily lose my paper wings,have to walk upon land for a while, and it would be dangerous but i payed no heed now i sit,chained,shackled,grounded,listening to the soft sound of paper wings,and laughter "
would anyone like a courtesy fart?  laugh dd
"sorry jacks babes  and <propfirst> if you get on  i cant talk tonight  i have to furnish my house, and its gonna be crazy  loves! ~  love "
ugh! forgetit! fackbook is being a jerk! im getting off! bye everyone! i love you~  love 
"okay, as everybody should know, <propfemale> makes the crappiest sushi my mum and i go into a resturant, and at this point, i know <propfemale>n sushi sucks  but we try a plate anyway  and it was okay  it was a spicy crab roll,, filled with bread crumbs but then i order shrimp curry,and they give me friend rice, and my mum had ordered fried rice and something else, and her rice is white much  can someone e playful lain that to me???"
"just got the script to the new play in taking part of, and i have a total of five lines  nice to know that everybody was lying saying i was good  im just going to tell everybody now, even if i do suck enough to be given only five lines, my love for the stage has only broadened (sp?)  im so tired of never being the best, just being second par to people  yall better watch out  cause now im serious "
"hey pariz! pariz! wife! fathead! get this! remember when my mum was yelling at me saying that my phone <propmale>s was over $100, and that i need to start cutting back my time talking to you, or i will have to pay for the <propmale> myself, right? well , it turns out she forget to tell me that 80 of those dollars goes to the cost of owning the phone  why the hell did she buy my such an e playful ensive and stupid phone??"
"i sit in my room, looking up to the ceiling, stealing sidelong glances at my loves asleep on the bed  i watch his hairy chest rise and fall, and watch as a little bubble of snot comes out of his nose  i laugh at the fact that the second he layed down on my bed, he was fast asleep  i touch his forehead gently, and smile as he twitches,  smacks his lips, and drools a little  ~sigh~ i love my dog "
"for all who wanna know, i now have a meebo ~i rhymed~ a meebo has webcam access, plus mic, so we can call comp to comp  look me up, my username ish panda_monium"
"arr  yes lass, i be marooned  no one has sent me a sailin  but wot do i care  im a pirate  being a pirate mean i 'ave a 'eart of steel, and a booty of gold! yes   a 'eart of steel  might feel a sliverin' of cold mate, but nothin a lil whiskey can do fer ya!"
"<propfemale> <propfemale>~ oh so tired, oh so cold, and oh so tired of these stupid hiccups  i should just go to bed <propfemale> <propfemale>, demo   something ish picking at me   maybe im just hungry    stupid hiccups    "
"hey hey everybody! i have jokes for you  what happened why the i-only-go-solo  spy went on a misson with his friend? they didn't duet  do you get it??  laugh d oh, and my mum acctauly said this to me, and she calls me dumb  ~looks at the motion detector light~ geeze, that thing is like a motion detector  it just comes on! > >"
"lalalaalala  looking at my tasty bowl of fruitloops lallaalaa  i like fruitloops  sucha sweet but nice cereal   prefect breakfast dish   but stupid cats keep drinking out of my bowl, especialy this stupid jealous one   lalalala   maybe i should just get another bowl?? is it okay to beat a cat down over a bowl of cereal?"
"i see you walking towards me through the fog,blurry by the thick air the powerful way you walk,the gorgeous way you swag your hips,an image of pure beauty my eyes strain to see you,but my ears have no need,for your voice rings out loud and clear this far sound,to which i am drawn,sends chills down my spine the lights come on,and i watch myself die in your eyes the voice i heard,is now my own from it says\ive arrived\"""""
"~sigh~ you can tell that you have nothing better to do when you find yourself reguarly changing this stupid thing  i feel like im floating around in that vaccum cleaner again, just this time the porn director isnt there, neither is <propfemale> or <propfemale>  nor loverly old   old   wot was his name again? who cares, i didnt flirt with him   that was my sister  limbo sucks"
"i achieve,yet i managed to fail them the unspoken words go misunderstood,and in the end,im the one in the wrong,while im doing right you say im full of anger,but how can i be mad,when there is no one standing beside me to be mad at loneliness overpowering sadness paste a bandaid on my heart,and push into me false hope,and happiness so why am i so sad?becuase i miss being happy "
"wants to take a nice long showing, and step out a new person  within this break, i must learn how to be fierce and sexy, how to dance, how to shine, how to act, how to sang not sing, and most importantly, how to be alot more confident in wot i do  ~sigh~ pariz, where the hell are you? i need you to do all thiss!"
"okay  okay  okay   ill honestly admit, i missed thoes little paper cups you get at burger <propmale>, or just burger joints, that you use to fill up with ketchup  but for seans sake, why do they have to be so ungoldy small? i like my ketchup! wot if godzilla came brushing by with dk, and they had a plate of fries wotchu gonna do naow?"
"has been feeling like she has been chocking on her own throat all day, and i think i might be im just chocking on some burb air  ftw    "
"desperatly wants to make a parfait, and some sushi, but wants to eat ramen  argh! japan! im hungry! come back to <propfemale>!"
"trip her own house alarm, runs around freakin out looking for her phone, is so worried about the po po coming that she doesn't notice that it is in her hand, and is now in a state of panic    "
"new years resolutions  does everybody have one? i know i do  first comes the classic, lose weight  second, learn how to dance  the rest, eh   maybe youll see them  laugh "
"is itching, burning, aching to create something   laugh d hand twitch! ~sigh~ it feels weird to know that in one hour, all my friend will be a year ahead of new  ah well  happy new year to you all, and to all, and good rest!"
"its really amazing to think what has happened since last year <propfirst> 1  i have a college im going to,my slight depression is gone,i know i will never lose pariz yabuku, i have solid friends here,my modeling and acting career is taking off,and i love me completely and totally "
"you guys, i haven't washed since last year? isnt that nasty?"
"had an amazing dream last night, and would be so happy if it came true  well, some of it  especially the part when i hit <propmale> in his fat face with a can  laugh d but that instant, when i woke up, and you where there, my heart didnt need that scare  but woteva  woteva happens happens  16 more days yo!"
why do i sing? becuase i love the feeling of making music  why do i act? because i love the warmth of the stage lights  why do i dance? because i love to watch the music and warmth flow out me  why do i rap? because im a hard boiled rotten egg  you cant mess with meh unless you want fuonk on yo hands 
blue and brown! woohooo!
's head ish pounding from the first day of initiation   and ive still yet to figure out wot everybodys name is   can anyone tell me wot ish sam's name?? t^t it looks like it is just a bunch of sounds    
"everyone who has talking crap about meh and the stuff i have been doing lately might want to put a sock in their mouth tommorrow, because after wot happened today, im gonna crank up the energy! meh birffday ish in a week!"
"wots this feeling again? oh ya! pain   i just want to say once again, i am super sorry joejoe and <propfirst>! <propfirst> more than joejoe, cause i was failing at holding on  even though i know tommorrows practice will be full of pain, im super happy i got to get re~initiated with a new theater group  yall make me laugh, especially mr  popsicle stick! ~kevin~"
"we three stand together, his black nose to the air, his eyes to the land, and my face to the horizon  we watched as the sun throws futile attempts to brighten the land, and we listen to the crows mock its pathetic light  for the threat of a new imposing storm has already swept over the dissaproving trees  looks like another day for an umbrella   "
"im suuuuper bored people  for all who havent gotten it already, my numba ish 478 718 4130  text meeh!"
i am sooo cold!!!!!! someone get meh  blacket and some food!
steps outside and hears a thousand of hidden frogs croacking away at the wet sky  twas to amazing for worrds!
"yosh! meh birffday ish in 3 days yo! at precisly 7:41 in the morning, i shall be 17! woo! i shall start sending out invitations on wednesday, but i also need to call these people  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfemale> amamda miri  if anyone knows their phone number, or if these people want to get ahold of meh, my phone bumber ish 4787184130  call meh! if i dont call you that is"
i cant stand being connected to this foot anymore since you gayed all over it!  laugh d i love whitest kids u know  so funny! go look them up on youtube  2 days till meh birthday! cant wait! its going to be crazy!
is currently having her supa fun party! ya!
"i know i shouldnt <propfemale> onto the past, but its funny yo  its been a whole year, and it really could be why ive been sucha soup sandwhich  ~sigh~ i must say thank god for having a new drama family  i seem to forget my nonsence when im around them  cant wait till opening night on friday! periscope up!"
"just so everyone knows, the reason why i have been away from the computer is because i am right now very busy with a play, and a buncha other stuff, including school >:{ demo demo, the second i have to come on the comp fully, i will answer everyones emails to me  so sorry <propfemale> pence for not responding for a while  its not that i hate you, im just uber busy    "
"i still cant believe i hit lucky with the door that hard   i really gotta stop prouncing through those doors  someone will be killed, and i have a feeling it might be either lucky or <propfirst> t^t"
"now that the play ish done ~woohoo! go submarines!~ i think most definentally i will go for one act  sucks that it doesnt work over the summer, but who cares  but for now, follies ish good  however, next matter in hand, prom  should i go? any girl planning on going alone wanna tag team it with meh? highly doubt ill get asked "
"honestly,it hurt me i spoke words of nothing but love and happiness,and he heard them as a chance it was the last straw,and it broke me terribly i didnt know where i stood but you mustve known,because you were standing right there next to me 6 years,my beautiful friend,6 years we have held strong,and you saw more than just the surface of me thats what i need,and wot i want "
"hand on the metal,he turns it around and around, and the monkey moves around the crowd collecting music the wooden geisha doll dances impassively, making the crowd gasp and awe  the organ grinder's hand slips, and time freezes the doll stand tall and proud, and the money lays down on the ground for a much needed rest she dances happily,and the monkey claps his paws in time to her music she stops,time resumes "
"so i guess it might actually happen now  i was considering inviting a bunch of drama people to the aquarium zoo during winter break, and <propfirst> kindly told <propfirst> for meh! so hopefully this work out right! only problem is that how are we going to get up there ~atlanta~  neway, talk to meh if you have any useful information,and well see if we can get something set up  thankies <propfirst> and <propfirst>!"
"ugh, this have been rough lately, thanks to freaking lucky blowing my mind saying 7 months!! neway~ since ive noticed everyone has been sick lately, i will tell everyone something that will cure everyones pain  i feed some ducks so bread  isnt that amazing??? they quacked at me, and i quacked back, and the flew into my arms and bestowed me with heavenly goose and gander gifts  quack~ love "
have you rode the fail whale tonight? i know i certainly have     laugh 
"laying on the bed, i listen to you talking, and the sun comes out  how warm and gentle the world seems when you are present  past thoughts speak to me, past memories are relived  and for ne're a moment do you make me feel anything but happy  i cant help but smile when you said that, for its such a big improvement from wot you used to be "
"i have a skype noww! woohooo! anyone can add meeeeh  email me if you wanna my skype name, becuase i dont want creepers looking at meh through my computer   "
i neeed fooooood
watching backyardigains and baking  later i will be having a long chat with meh sewing machine  sounds like a fun night! woo!
x} i miss backyardigain man! woohooo! wonderpets!  laugh d i really should stop watching <propmale> jr    naaaah
a bri'ish snail?! wot the bloody hell!?!
"i seriously still cant believe i made dance core! so unbeliviable! but hey, wot a day huh? im still living, and seriously glad for it, for i have never seen so many stars in the sky  i dont like looking at them to long, becuase i start drifting off, and who knows wots outside  some rabid animal   have fun thes con peoples! ill miss ya x}"
"just like the little birds, if i extended my hand, will you come? would you break the air flowing between my fingers, and whisk me off to the garden i have left to grow? pray tell me, does the gatekeeper still sleep there? have my flowers grown wild and different, or have remained themselves? please, <propfemale> with snowy eyes, tell me, have i changed?"
"so mum and i are driving down a long dark road when suddenly i see movement on my right  so naturally, being add, i look to see wot it was  and before i can process the thought of why there is a man out in the dark with a bicycle, i noticed that it isnt a bicycle, but a unicycle  please tell me wot the heck was he about to do  extreme clown training??"
"for everyone who ish going to the zoo trip, becuase of the weather, im thinking of changing it to paintballing! please tell me wheter or not you are okay with this ;a;"
"okay  okay okay  change of plans plans that were planned but arent now   we are going bowling instead of paintballing  meh paintball lovers, we shall do that again some other time  the zoo will be postponed to a warmer date, and bowling ish on    "
birds flying high you know how i feel sun in the sky you know how i feel breeze just a-rippin on by you know how feel well its a new dawn its a new day its a new life for me and im feeling good  guess its time for my most amazing trick  my dissapering acting  bye everyone! see you when im back!
"it feels real nice to get away from everyone  and even moreso, seeing tall buildings, people with lives and things to do, and higher dose of good looking people ish like the <propfemale> to the parfait  just cant live without it  i miss mah pretty japanese people   laugh d"
"with a blister on my foot, and a scar on my knee, it is a beautiful rememberance of my time here  i may not have been here long, but personally, i dont think its how long you spend with a person, but how good of a memory you made with them in that time  this trip helpd me relax so much, and im ready to go back to ga  its amazing how find where you came from can show you exactly where you are now "
";a; i am sooo tired, yet im uber busy  i have two test, two test tommorrow  one in algera and another is history  ;a; im going to die of boredom and sleep deprivation!"
"to sing in hebrew is the most pleasent thing  the seductive sounds that emit from the choir send you such beautiful places, and lulls you into a dreamland never once e playful lored  and to feel your body singing it? an e playful erince une playful lainable  everyone must come to my performance coming up  you wont regret it "
"~sigh~ why is petville so simply fun? why the heck am i always on facebook? wot is with the stinking website that makes we wanna check it every day, and make me wonder how i can get alot of petcash without having to buy it?       myspace   you lost   terribly   "
" laugh d if wot becca says is true, that is one of the most cutest jestures ive ever heard~  love "
"after typing sucha note ~you should read it  its called ripples  laugh ~, i feel so exhausted  its wierd, because i had so much energy writing it, and now that im done, i feel drained   *yawn* im off to bed my peeps  please read it, and have a good day! i love you~ <2"
"so ya, just got back from the hair salon, and i found out that apperently im really stressed, because not only is my hair falling a bit, there is a stress spot on my forehead  laugh  go fig huh? and apperently, i itch my head when im stressed   add that to i lick my lips when im worried about something  im just a bowl of fruit, arent i?? the <propfemale> ish beautiful btw   "
"a lot of things have been happeneing lately, and its helping me see the way things are  for those who have a pirate handy, i be sailin' alone, and i raise my glass o' rum to it!  laugh  and i think that it is time for me to go find my box that contains my hearts song, and make a new dream upon it  and this time, not make it so fragile that it can be crushed by the first obsticle in the way "
"i watch it once, and then again i can feel the tears welling up inside,yet they do not fall,for i cant stop laughing we dance across the screen with a smile upon our face,not a care in the world as day slowly turns to night,those smiles only get brighter we pass the flame,and the fireworks e playful loded into beautiful <propfemale> arches,making our lucky stars "
"you wanna know why a naked woman on a horse is the symbol for godiva chocolates? because she took one bite of that delectable chocolate, ripped off her clothes, and rush off to find her <propmale> bigomandingoo before she e playful loded   laugh  i swear, i took a bite out of one that had raspberry filling, and almost blacked out"
"a sign from god: i was making a sandwich, when i began to think, this sandwich could use some chips  so i walk into my pantry, and grab the bag of cheese puffs  i skip back to my plate, and being to pour the chips out  but i don't hear anything falling  so i look at my plate, and see a folded up piece of paper, the only thing that fell out of the bag  and what does it say? nutritional facts    "
"i hope everyone remembered to stretch tonight, because if you dont, satan will come into your room tonight, and do horrible things to you   laugh  i had fun today! cant wait till friday when we do the chours line "
"such sad eyes i've been seeing lately it seems like a lot of people are sick,not only from viruses  with these sad looks,i fear that im not shinning bright enough to part the rainclouds over their heads i may not be the smartest,prettiest,or most talented,but i listen well please smile again the world is already so dark,so even with our <propfemale> radiance,it shines brighter than the sun,and spreads like the virus we need "
"was freaking out becuase she thought she has breast cancer, and it only turned out to be the top of my tie   laugh  i really need to fix this brain of mine   "
"i like living in a big house and all, but it seems that it just leaves room for more silence   even my dog can feel how oldly quite it is  even with the sound of the air coming from the ac, or my music playing, the house feels so dead  i reaaaaaally need to get out of here   "
okay pokemon fans! lets see if you know your stuff! 1 ) what is professor oka's first name? 2 ) how did professor oak and ash meet? 3 ) what did professor oka like to do as a child that lead him to what invention? 4 ) for how long did professor oka know about ash? 5 ) what did the the olden time pokeballs look like?
"gawd, samurai <propfirst> is just to hawt   especially when he rips his shirt off  i wonder if he ever made it back to the past and defeated haku   "
i reeealy wanna go to the <propfemale> <propfemale> festival coming up in macon  any takers?
"macon, march 28th, <propfemale> <propfemale> festival  all day hangout with friends  any takers?"
"uuugghhhh    17 bloody years man   well, if you dont count the 10 years of growing up, and then then 2 years on not teenagerness, 5 bloody years man  5 whole bloody years  i am so tired of waiting that at this point   i would say im just going to give up, but i never really fought from the begginning normally i would say its my fault,and there is something wrong with me but   "
"it seems the busier i get, the more cuts and bruises that appear on my body  it almost as if the stress makes me unaware to how i <propfemale> myself,and i end up hitting things without knowing even now as i type, it hurts,for i have two fresh cuts on my fingers and i dont know who to go to to help me calm down   ugh  i need a bandaid   and beary   "
"my right knee is failing me,bad enough that it hurts to walk and to dance   and going by wot <propfirst> said,i might have to eat more bananas   i really must have done something wrong becuase god is just having fuuun up there >:{ bananas suck    "
almost sufficated herself sleeping on her panda pillow   right after taking a fun science test   that is going to depend wheter or not i can graduate   which i cant do if im dead   it was one of the biggest failz ive ever done  laugh 
just finished playing hide-and-go-seek with my doggie  he lost  and i laughed at him   laugh  im sad that the testing is done  i was having fun! no more free food and talking to sergant eddizzle  dx he taught meh that girls must shower in a week or they will get sick!
something doesnt sound right with my voice  its almost like there is something hanging on it  i might be sick   or have strepp throat   
"everytime i cough,acid tears pour down my face  when i move,my body screams in pain  my throat feels so dry, it hurts to talk to my idiot friends    someone kill me nowww   "
"ive spent the whole day being like the stuff on the bottom of you shoes, so i am quuuite tired of being sick  ive had my fill   lets move on   on the other hand  talking to a friend today reminded me that nothing has made my heart go doki doki in a whiiile    > > i should kick something   "
"being the dinosaur i am, i managed to defeat the stupid sickness! gwarg! ima beast! i still have a bit of a cough, but nothing can bring this dinosaur down! roar!"
"i am currently dating this beautiful boy named velvetta  he is not much taller than me, and has fat cheeks like meh, but he ish so sexy! im so happy to be his girlfriend, but when i see picture of us, i get so jealous ^       ^ ill post piccys soon!"
"^       ^ <propfemale> my boyfriend birthday today! i suuupa happy! the jerk didn't tell me before, so i didnt have time to prepare anything, but we might go out for a movie later  wahooo~! he is at my house right now, so im forcing him to make a facebook!"
ya! he now has a facebook! look him up people! kazuhiko <propmale>
" laugh d cant stop laughing about the velvetta thing  just so you know, i was jokin about the whole thing  i really need more things to doo  laugh d"
"dear dorkface opened in front of me is the letter, with the gift still inside  everything is piled messily back into the box ~how the heck did you do it?!~  yet for some reason, i cant help reading the last two lines over and over again  love ya cootie face  not a nice thing to say to sucha pretty face, but still   i really hope this friendship never dies x} its to special"
"it such a weird feeling  it starts in your toes, and shoots out the ends of the hair on your head  every follicle on you body starts on end, you get get goosebumps, and a cold chill zaps your spine  your skin prickles as if under a thousand suns  and with every breath, you feel your heart beating  life has such a weird feeling  such a nice feeling "
aargghhh! im learning meh japanese! and my brain hurts!!! but i did learn how to say this  pariz wa utsukushii  <propfemale> mo utsukushii desuu~  love  watashi desu <propfemale>? watashi was kampeki pyon!  love  hope that translates good   
"every day the sun gets higher, brighter, warmer, yet everyday, i am inside  every morning, the birds sing, the mist rises, and the dew drop turn to molten gold, yet every morning, i am inside  every night, the <propfemale> rises high, only the restless stay up and talk, and all is still, yet every night, i am inside  a day to celebrate life, i spend it by myself   i hate <propmale> robins    "
"lately, i have been catching up with people from my past  and looking through their pictures, it shocks me how much my friends have changed  especially the people ive known since middle school, or even elementary  but it just makes me wonder, have i changed? becuase really   i feel like i look the same, just bigger  "
"ugh   my mind is pulling a blank   for once, there is nothing on my mind, and i have nothing to say   wot the hell do i do to fix that??"
"uugghhh! i want to know how to daaancce! i need the dancers spirit yo! i should learn how to rap while im at it  yo yo, this is my show! dont like me, you know where to go! if you dont, its called hell yo! to bad you cant get in, cuz your dirt pooo! ohhhhh!"
"how i know my maltise is a pervert: i go to pick him up from the counter, and he proceeds to stick his paw down my shirt, pull my tank top off, and start licking my chest  ~he was actually licking something else, but i dont think i should say that of facebook~"
"so did anyone do mrs burch's essay? becuase apperently, the dumb thing is due this week   i still have noooo cluee wot im supposed to be writing about! im not going to fail due to bad essay choice!"
"im working on the <propfemale> brightman picture, and i must say, braids   are the bizsnap  i know im not going to like doing these  i can feel it in my long hard pencil   and i need a better eraser   but its looking good! the lips have improved dramatically! they still suck  laugh "
"completed one braid, going to do the other tommorrow   this project ish sucking the life outta meeeh   maybe its because im trying harder? idk, but all i know is that i cant wait till i finish all the dark on the hair so i can do the white, then take my best friend mech, and add <propfemale> details  woo details!"
"talking with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale>, you would think this matter would be over, and i would already know the answer  but somehow, it still bugs me  i mean, everything else in my life is in check, why is this going so wrong? i keep wondering if there is anything i can do, but i already have walked across that bridge ive taken all the steps i must wait   but it makes me nervous   "
lskndflknsdf wot the he*l is in washington?!?! is there something im missing?!?! *&@#%^! washington being a vaccum cleaner! screw it! im moving to washington! apperently thats where its at   
miight not be able to be in one act nexxt year     this just sucks   
"i hacks your account taty brown, mah lovely ugly mug   laugh  = ohimechama"
"i have been so stressed this week,to a point were i can physically feel it and i know i will continue to be stressed however,in a second,you make my world bright,and bring back that light feeling ive been missing you may not like yourself,but i have to say this you have one thing that i doubt anyone else has light "
is going to go <propmale> college! woooho!
"you know, today i realized something that i should have realized a long time ago  there is a large group of people who reeaaaaally dont like me  wheter it ranges from my loudness, my spontaneouness, or just my plain uniqueness, they hate it all  and you know wot, i hope they keep on hating me, and saying things to me  beucase that means im on their mind ;} tits or get the hell away! ~thanks annie~"
"i got to see <propmale>, the thearte ghost! he was standing behind lucky when i saw him! i think he has a thing for kevin   something about <propfirst> attracts him to him   "
"they say god is just a lier but they dont realize, i fly higher im the pick of the crop fresh of the grill you dont believe me? ill make ya ill so trust me now ill treat ya nice like a krispy kreme donut im covered with ice cant see me? well here i am the lord before you old <propfemale> hand  ~my rap that i think god would say~"
"i gots meh prom dress  and i finnaly got gel black eyeliner   sfunny, i have everything i want, but what i really want, i cant have  stupid water    "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ypthot_u85e
"i think im going to make my mask for prom   i dont trust the shipping peoples anymore, since my petticoat is still in lost space  oh ya, none of you will recognize lucky at prom  i feel so proud, becuase lucky looks so freaking sexy right now, and im not even finished  i cant wait to see everyones face > laugh "
"a ) over sleep b ) alarm goes off in class c ) mrs  bayte calls me down d ) mr  <propmale> stands up for me e ) plot how im going to make this work f ) talk to mr  mccook g ) come up with plan h ) learn the student handbook i ) plan out my fight for tommorrow when i talk to the principale j ) freak out, becuase i remember i didnt do my essay"
prom was toooo fun!
"right now,my friend is in her room,crying her eyes out why?because she got rejected yet again and what has it done to her?she thinks she is ugly, and wonders wot is wrong with that makes all boys not like her we share the same story,so i feel her pain so i would like to say,guys~not all~ go to heck if you wanna know where the good women are,they are in their bedroom crying because you wont give them a <propmale> "
"its been a whole year since that time of happiness, so it is time to reflect  not just those happy moments, but all that misery before it  and the thoughts that came with it  and i can say, i have changed  within this year, i have changed signifigantilly  and its all thanks to you  so i guess its time to let go, even though i dont want to    "
"busdriver: \so wots for supper?\""  tatyana: \""i have noo clue\""  busdriver: \""i should come over and make you something\"" tatyana: \""ahahaha    \"">  > ~leaves bus quickly~"""
"with all the things going on for me right now, i turn to my friends for advice  and depending on the person, i get different stuff  yet i normally dont listen to any of it  however, one has managed to touch my ears  listen to your heart  it so old, so simple, i forgot to do it   and wot does my heart say? just keep on going  those idiots dont know wot they are missin!"
i feel like i am about to passss ouuutttt     i really just dont feel well right now     
"because of the fact that i have nothing amazing happening right now in my life, i am going to challenge myself  and i am going to need everyones help  i am going to go on a water diet  nothing but water to drink  starting tommorrow  right now? ima sit down to a chocolate, cheesecake, vannila ice cream, and brownie shake   hmmmmm"
gonna buy some ballons? my day was just made!
iiii caaaaannnttt waiiiitttt tiiilllll next yeeaaar! ill have more of a shot at things!
"here it is,the last month of school,my last time to be clueless all self~esteem issues,confidence,doubt,unessacary sadness must be gone before i come back and it will start with this  i will become a model  i will start making my own clothes  i will begin learning how to dance  i will sing a opera solo  i will learn how to cook and most importanly, i will have fun doing all this "
im i love with a stipper!
"i loved the play, disliked the audience, and hate my teachers for having me to turn in a project, and test, and homework tommorrow   im going to be falling asleep everywhere  if a teacher complains, ill just hand them a folllies pamphlet "
"wot the heeeeeellllll ish so wrong with meh that i cant attract anybody?! this is getting pisss assssssssh ketchum annoying  im tired of this shiiiiiizcrackers    ~btw, those are actually curse words in disguise~"
"well rested, nicely groomed, and ready for anything, i head to wrhs to get ready for another kickbut performance! now since my head is finally all cleared up, and im not running on sleep energy ~which makes me do wierd things~ im ready to blow everyones minds!"
"so once again, i lost and not only that, i lost to a freshman   how?idk  and at this point, i dont think i want to care anymore completly tired of this nonsence  maybe starting the loney hearts club~i hope you get the reference~ will be a good idea "
"not only do i ~more than ever~ need a man, i need a <propmale> shepered  and i just want you to know, mr  burgular, the next time you decide to watch me and my house, the only thing you will see is the barrel of my gun  <propfemale>, you took a step to far, and now im going to fight back "
   i think the robbers i trying to come back   pray for me everybody  this is not a safe time for me   
"the fool squuealed like a pig  and begcause of him, so many good things happened  im a very happy person right now   "
hoooollly fruuuck  how many people have a tag on this house?!?! a petifile this time?! youve got to be kidding me   
how many people are going to call my house lookin for some poor unfortunent soul named <propmale>!?!?
youuu know wot i think? you dont? well i certainly dont either   
lllloooollzzz  gave meh doggies peanut butter  may they be doomed to eternal lickage!
"okay  so i was reading my book right  and they were talking about abortion  and one of the characters wrote in a letter that if abortion is not so bad, why not put pictures of it up in the newspaper  so, me being curious, i looked  i dont think i want to ever look again   "
"im really not on facebook  im trying to upload a video, so text meh if you wanna talk  "
    im   soo   booorredddd   i dont wanna do my math homework    
"finally, i can breath a bit easier  kuro finally ate some food   i hope this keeps up  and he stops puking it back up   "
"i wanna walk with you,on a cloudy day in field where the yellow grass grows knee high so wont you try to come come away with me and we'll kiss on a mountaintop come away with me and ill,never stop,loving you and i wanna wake up to the rain,falling on tin roof while im safe there in you arms "
"as he leaves, his presence goes with him  no more goofyness  no more stupid jokes  no more laughter  once again, it will be me and my books  but this time, it will be me, my books, my bat, my mallet, and my mace  ~sigh~ oh how things have changed, just because of one door   "
"i just finshed jasckulas stupid math homework! ha! take that you old coop! i cant wait too see her face when i turn it in tommorrow, and have bags under my eyes, and say \ i worked on it for two days straight  wot now bat lady? still think im a bad student?!\"""""
ugghh   why do i try?
"i guess draining myself of blood was a good thing after all   new blood comes new thoughts, and fresh confidence  goodbye bad o(positive or negative) blood, helllo   im to tired to type anymore     laugh d"
"im at that point of where i walking into my pantry, stand for some time, walk away, then remember i wanted to get something, take a peek at my pantry, and  leave again because i fergot wot i was doing  laugh d"
"went to my dock, ate a strawberry popsicle, watched the turtles and tadpole play in the water  saw some geese  ran home and grabbed some bread  fed the geese, then had a delightful conversation with one of them  watched a swan fly by  realized that one goose girl was heavily preggo   smiled "
"im suuppa happpy! becuase of my good grades (all a's, one b) mum bought me soulsilver, hypnotic poison, 2 indian wraps, anddddd a dark chocolate almond joy that has nooooooo almonds in it  wot a pickmeup after a craaapbut month!"
"just like soccer, i shall score!"
"i absolute hate it when a dude is so infatuated with a girl that he wont attack her upon my command, and makes me think im going to miss my chances for my badge  i mean, come on  shes a cow  why do you like her so much? looking at you, you would think you were made from stone, not some mushhead  laugh dd"
"the distant roll of thunder, the clap of lightning, i jump  my vision blurrs,my heart races, and the rain mixes with the tears on my face  the sound of my running feet out shine the sound of my beating heart  yet, one sound comes through  i look at my phone, and its your name on the screen  you remembered my greatest fear, and were there for me why would i ever doubt our friendship could last?"
"everything can be e playful lain with these three things  ++, +-, --"
i thiink i cant do one act next year   thiiiis is going to be a veery interest senoir year   i can tell  laugh 
hopes she can sleepover <propfemale>'s house so she can go spy on the really hot guy across the street from her x} gonna try to convice the girl that we should play a little wet sponge tag   in white shirts  laugh dd
sooo i get to sleepover erikas tommorrow! i ish happy! arrttt tiiimmmeee! maaann i need to use the b~room   been reading for some hours straight   
yar har fiddle <propfirst>! being a pirate is so good to me! do you wot <propfemale> want cuz you are pirate! you are pirate!
http annoyed  www facebook com group php?gid=127250790624061  laugh  i thought this was just tooo funny  dont watch if you have tender eyes!
"i long for something - what can it be? my brain is reeling, i wonder why; and then the feeling i'm going to die  by day it haunts me, haunts me by night  this tender torment, tinged with delight! tell me what love is, what can it be? what is this yearning, burning in me? -voi che sapete"
"thunder, do you worse  because nothing is going to be louder than my scream"
"is completly tiiired of everything  i reaally cant wait for the beach trip tommorrow! i need all the relaxing i can get, cuz i feel like i might just use my mace soon  laugh "
"soooo ya  i went to the beach yesterday, had a kickbut time, got a kickbut tan that is already starting to fade a bit, then i got super dehydratred, couldnt eat, felt really naucuious, couldnt walk really, and had to be drugged up  and today im going to the dentist! these have been some really fun days for meh!  laugh  cant wait to see the dentist!"
"sooooo   found out i gotta take my molars out   all 4 of them   becuase, if you saw my xrays, all my other teeth look fine, but my molars are just being supa screwy, and if i dont take them out soon, my teeth will get jacked   sooo   i have a request for yall   can someone be there with a camcorder after i get them taken out? i wanna see wot drug to to me  laugh d"
ima st<propmale> one of my <propmale> projects! i have beliefe that i can do it! woooo!
" laugh  i just got my report card! 2 b-'s, 1 b+, and 4 a+'s! im suuuper happy nya~! and, ~this makes me really happy~, i made a 104 on my physical science eoct ~end of course test~! im just beasting my science classes! i told you peoples science is delicious!  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh     its nice to a science dork     history suuucks"
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ejiecarm93m im sorry, i know its perverted and nasty, but i just wanted to show yall how massive these are   its almost siiick"
"d i just got my report card! 2 b-'s, 1 b+, and 4 a+'s! im suuuper happy nya~! and, ~this makes me really happy~, i made a 104 on my physical science eoct ~end of course test~! im just beasting my science classes! i told you peoples science is delicious! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh     its nice to a science dork     history suuucks"
"now that i have a new makeup <propfemale>, ima be doing some crazy makeups! i cant wait to try out some stuffers!"
so guess wot i just munched on? some sand  came from absolutely nowhere  i told you lucky   i told you   
pariz baby! dont marry syrup! marry me baby girl! i love you!
"    ya   so i wanna be a opera singer  and now because of something i read  i dunno if my voice is correct  i mean, people where hating on <propfemale> church, saying she only sounded like the lovely singing girl from next door   i dont sound like that do i??!   wot is an opera sound realy?!?! and do i have it?!?"
if you click 'like' on this status i will post something i like about you on your wall  make this your status if you want to   smile 
sooooo    i might be trying out for a modeling acting school this sunday   if all things go corectly  which gos knows they wont   maaaaaaan my luck is horrible   
"    so i just got my sat study booklet from collegebaord com, and all i have to say is   this thing looked waaaaaay thinner online   this thing is about as thick as a history lit text book, and is only 2 pages away from being 1000 pages long    so  yaaaa    i have until october i guess    "
is currently burning things  text her  4787184130
"is now officially going to auditon tommorow! yaaa! now, i just need yalls help to choose a good pic of me dx"
tommorrow might be the first day of meh liife! im ready!
soooooooo    i didnt get my results yet dx i didnt get to call    so ill find out tommmmooorrooooowww        and im having suuuch  a heartattack right now
is avioding facebook till she gets her results    
"i am going to have a heartattack! i cant believe it! im officially a barbizon girl, now and forever, ahmen! i caaaaant believe i made it! im going to pee my paaaaantssssssssss! somebody call the paramedics! i cant feel my brain!"
"its nice to know that i have a dad that will support me no matter wot, and a mum who will stop supporting me just becuase i didnt watch a tv show she wanted me to watch    "
"me and mrs jones we got a thing, going on we both know that its wrong but its much to strong to let it go now we meet everyday at the same cafe 630 and no one knows shell be there holding hands making all kinds of plans while the jukebox plays our favorite song me and mrs jones we gotta be extra careful that we dont get our hopes up to high cuz shes got her own obligations and so and so do i "
so im back to sqaure one   and im lovin it  ahhh maaaaan  things are jsut weird with me  laugh dd
beware of the numba 5  it makes bible thumping chirstians steal your babeh
mums operation is tommorow  gotta get up at four  someone shoot me  i wanna play pokemaaans dx
juuuuust finished    ahhh maan   who needs sleep right? its for a good cause anyway 
everybody! watch my music video! its finnaly up! wooohooooo!
"the only good part of my situation is that there is nothing taller than a giraffe  but then again, thats the issue  there is nothing taller than a giraffe  maybe the weight of me and all my nonsence will break its neck, and i will fall onto an elphant  cuz thats as low as i will go"
"thanks to an amazing girl ~@arvie withspoon~ it think i finally heard my calling  film  in every direction  behind it  in front of it  for it  about it making it editing it helping for it anything i could do that has to do with film, wheter it is photography or actually movies, i want it  i have never heard such lovelyer words in my life till sweeet beautiful arvie blessed me with her amazing voice! i love you giirl!"
wierd how these things turn out? sincerity at its best :{d
wierd how these things turn out no? sincerity at its best! :{d
"deliver me, out of my sadness  deliver me, from all the madness  deliver me, courage to guide me  deliver me, the strength from inside me"
"not only can i no longer feel my heart beating, my chest just feels empty    maybe i did the wrong thing  i hear the horn a whistlin, the wheels a screachin  the midnight train is comin back again to take me away  but this time, i dont want to board it "
is going to leave to computer world for a bit  ill be back when the wind blows my way 
"i feel tons better  getting away from the comp really helped meh clear mah head  and i need it  i have a very special audition this sunday, and i need everyone to root for me  and if, or when, i do make it, ill tell everyone wot i was auditioning for   laugh d"
im going out with a model and a pregnant lady today! im <propfemale> exciiited!
tanniel ashley:  i cant talk now mom  we are going through a tunnel  me:    you know there is no tunnels here right? they are up in atlanta       laugh d you need some help girl
"so today is the big day  and i mean, its a big day  if all goes right, this will be the start of my career  i can honestly tell you guys, i really have never felt more alive  i mean, even if i dont make it, this is just   ahhhh  and the wierdest part is, i feel confident  as in, im nervous as mess, i cant even eat, but i feel sooo ready  everyone pray for me to make this audtion"
"so tomoroow is the day ill find out  ima go to bed early so i can push this day away  night everyone! and i hope the luck comes through in the \taty made it\"" bank"""
"okay everybody, just so you know, wot i was auditioning for is imta, which stands for international modeling & talent association  it is the largest recurting thing in the whole world  and i just got in  come january, i will be going to hollywood to model acting in front of 300 different international agencies, and then from there, who knows wot will happen  but im going to need everyones help  money is the issue "
"so, as its going noaw, i have be give the biggest ultimatum in my life  i could go to the imta (the thing i auditioned for) noaw, but i would have to work my but off to get the monies  or, come febuaray, i can audition again for the same thing, but this time it would be in new york  now here is the ultimatum  if i choose the febuary one, that means i have to give up seeing the person i love most in life "
"starting to feel really itchy  i really cant take this anymore  im sooo tired of this monotony of a life im living right now  i need a new face, a new place, and new e playful erience  and the more i sit here, the itchier i get    god save meeeeeee  i cant take wr any moreee"
"just so you know @tanniel <propfirst>@, i <propfemale> didnt make that face when eating mah milkshake  you were just imagining things   laugh d snot my fault thooouughh  and you know, maybe talking so loud about blushin and makin wierd faces wasnt the beeeest of ideas  laugh d"
"just so you know @tanniel <propfirst>@ , i <propfemale> didnt make that face when eating mah milkshake  you were just imagining things   laugh d snot my fault thooouughh  and you know, maybe talking so loud about blushin and makin wierd faces wasnt the beeeest of ideas  laugh d"
"just so you know tanniel <propfirst> , i <propfemale> didnt make that face when eating mah milkshake  you were just imagining things   laugh d snot my fault thooouughh  and you know, maybe talking so loud about blushin and makin wierd faces wasnt the beeeest of ideas  laugh d"
"miiight as wellll since i stole this from <propmale>   like meh status, and ill write wot i likes and dislike about you, and a confession  soooo   yaaa    like away   "
"with a happy heart, ill conjour up all the darkness i can muster, and finish this  im <propfemale> tired of it  it was fun at first, but i can see how this is tootally not gonna be fun  im sorry love, but your becoming something of a bother  and i will move on pretty quickly afterwords  we can still be friends, but nothing more  so, with a happy heart, ill finish this last project, and enjoy my last days of summer "
"im itchinng to take more piccturessssss    wanna do another photoshoot  but i need a long white wig, white contacts, and then to make some leggins  fllaarrrgeeeennnnnn! does anyone know where i could get those things?"
"you know, i so totally agree with the pastor  i mean, the only reason why this generation is bad is because of some sewed together, stuffed, and glued mascot suit  i mean, the guns, drugs, rape, crime, and numerous other things have nothing to do with it  and really guy, think  saying go demons! at the football games will not sound as cool as saying go unicorns!"
"i'll be completely honest for 24 hours  you can ask me only one question in my inbox  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty and the question will be completely between me and you, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what ppl ask you   smile "
i  don't  play  nice  ^w^b
you are suuuch a jerk    
hey i'm a buttface with a bird caw 
"is having withdrawl sysmptoms  symptoms include : sleepiness, hungry, want to take pictures, anger at makeup for not being good, unable to match clothing, crankyness, and a raging <propfemale> to buy a camera tripod  cure: a photoshoot "
"somewhere, way far out there, in this wide vast world, there is a duck  and he is looking right at me  and i just want you to know mr  duck, that im not afraid of you  and, im looking right at you d:<"
"lol, someone quoted me and it made meh loooolll "
"sorry everyone, for woteva i might have posted on your wall my status anything else  my jerk of a  friend decided to hack on my account, change my status, and change my pirate to tagalog  now, the only thing that worries me is that i actually understood some of it dx the next time you call girl, no more philipino  its rubbing off on me"
"is unbelievably happy  not only did she find a <propfemale> face up, she is wearing a spanking awesome outfit, which is alllmost perfect  maybe today, school will actually be tolerable dx"
"f is for friends who do stuff together, u is for you and me, n is for anyway at anytime at all! ~finish it~"
"f is for friends who do stuff together, u is for you and me, n is for anywhere at anytime at all! ~finish it~"
"f is for fire that burns down the whole town, u is for uranium, bombs  n is for noooo survivors!"
"i walk in the sun,yet i feel the cold rain falling silently onto my face i hear the songs of the summer crickets calling for love,yet it is silent where i stand  the faint bells of the train approach ring out,and the ghost train pulls into the station i have never left,never been able to,never tried  ??????????? ???????????????"
t^t onision is marrrrieeddd to skyeeeee  so not faaaiiiir  how come no one ever told me this?
"today, i made a sandwhich on the computer  now that sandwhich is in meh tummy  laugh d"
"<propfirst> roshaud <propfemale> and i are going to kill it tommorow! 4th period acting, you better watch out! we will make sacrifices out of you > laugh "
why god? why?
"tonight,my friend,we will cry together with the sun in your sky,the <propfemale> in mine,we will be together for just a moment,together with the same thoughts across the sea will my arms stretch,pulling you for a eternal hug across the sea will my heart grow,giving you all that i ever have i love you pariz yabuku,like my special sister so please dont cry it breaks my heart in so many ways i cant even begin to e playful lain "
"its funny i say i wont get myself like this,or get myself in this situation, but here i am again in the same spot as last year thinking the same things  just a new person this time and stupidly,once again,i have hope  general iroh, i love you man, but this time, i dont wanna hold onto hope  starting to think if i were to light a match in a dark cave,no amount of hope will light it }x"
"oh ya,just remembered since im in one act noaw,im thinking of doing a talent for gtc (gct? tgc?) buuut, im going to need 9 peoplez  for planets  annnd, there will be a little dancing  some singing chanting (depending on if you caaan sing), and i would likes girl and boys if possible  anyone interested? cuz it will be the only time i will get to sing my way and not bored peoplez  smile "
"after that ball smacked lucky in the face, i dont think ive ever heard of group of people laugh so hard together  i think almost all of us were crying  that was a puuuure bonding moment  we peoples of one act will be a family! but it seems like we are already being cliquey  i guess it will take some time  annoyed  or maybe its just me"
is single and wondering why  but hey! more child support for me ~  love 
"i feel seriously ill  i mean, runniny stuffy nose, no engery, my body feels heavy, i feel like im burning up, and my throat is just uugggghhhhh  how could i just all of a sudden get sick? maybe ill have mum see if my temp is high   "
"i would just like to make an open statement  a certain person keeps saying that i have an averaged sized but  that i only wished i had a big but  that if i was asian or white, i would have a big but  yet right noaw, i dont  and if i wanted a big but, i would have to eat more  now for those people who know me, do you agree with this accusition?"
so the blonde wins   aint that nice 
"is seriously happy  i just found my soul mate! her name is cyndee (sp?), and we seem to have the same love life  and we both agree on one thing  back in elementary, boys had cooties  now they have some serriiouuusss cooties  laugh "
i want you  i want you soooo bad  i want you  i want you so bad its driving me mad its driving me mad      she so         heavy! she so heavy!
"so ya, i just had to sneeze like 2 times  which isnt bad  i like sneezing  but i had food in my mouth  not a beautiful moment for <propfemale> brown   "
you know you room is a mess when you are having to crawl around your room like a earthbending mole just to  find your glasses dx i reaaalllly gotta clean my rooom
"so here is the list  1 )how im going to get home after practice 2 )i dont have my permit or my license or a car3 )im being pressured to get scholarships,apply for my college,grades,ect4 )im getting alot of pressure from the graphics depart , since mr wayne has so kindly been speading my name around5 )i need bigger roles in theatre for a better acting e playful erince,and i seem to be failing at achieving that   "
"i maddee improvable troupee!! woooodidlyhooooo!  laugh  and even better, i was #8 on the list, and tanniel <propfirst> was #9! yaaaa!  i cant wait to start this!"
should i smile because you're my friend or cry because thats all we'll ever be?
meee anddd mrsss  jonneeeessss! we gotta thiingggggg going onnnnnn
"when the sun goes down and the drama kids come out, we shall baptize you  become a dramaistian "
"thanks you ignorant black people for all the homework im having to suffer doing  i hope you all run into mz  fisher,your smacking your fat lips eating oblivously only what satan himself could make (for those who dont know, its gum) texting your babys daddy that he needs to pay child supports or little gecaxosu (it reads <propmale>) is gonnna have to deal with poop in his undies  so there "
is suupppaaa pumped to start working on naruto ondo!! this is going to be one kick but performance! go collaberated romance!
"thank you loverly mrs  lit teacher, for assinging us a 2 <propfemale> paper on information that you cant find on the intertnet, and i doubt in a libary  its always nice to waste your weekend, and your precious time working on a paper with unatainable information  laugh "
"i had a good day of cheorographing the dance  got alot done  cant wait to work on the chorus! so hopefully, come tuesday, i should have the whole song ready! and then i can pass out the information to romance debut! (free spirited romance? come on guys, we reeaaally need a good name  how about cherries?)"
"what makes up a mysterious man? a man who is lost within himself, or a man who, within himself, is lost "
"i had a seriously great time at tanniel <propfirst>'s house  had a fun time with all my normal friends, and mah drama friends  i cant wait for practice tommorow so i can see you all again!  laugh  you all make me <propfemale> happy  oh, and you to, mah normal friends  but alas, i must retire back into the world of para para"
"okay, think about this  a man is allergic to dying  he starts dying from a gunshot wound, and then has a allergic reaction to his dying  if you were to give him a epipen, would that mean he would be cured, and wouldnt die?"
"have you ever wondered if <propmale> has trouble finding his friends, or his family? i mean, especially his family  cuz, like your food, you are what you are made from ~that makes noo sence in a roundabout way~"
"omg! i just saw 3 mormon on bikes heading to some guys house! it must be serious business  laugh  \how did i know they were mormon you say? they were all wearing suits  laugh "
"being silly and all is fun, and i love playing games, but its time to take the kid gloves off, if you know what i mean  its time to get down and dirty, and finish up this dance, if you know what i mean  you know what i mean? good, just dont take offense to it  even though the only way for me to be normal is through dance  laugh "
is currently applying for colleges! but having an issue coming up with a professional username dx
"i feel like sucha jerk  i ran over a frog with donatella (my car)  the little thing jumped right in the way right as i straightened the wheel, and i squished him flat, twice dx  i hope god isnt mad at me"
"iiss suuuuppperrr busy  its not even funny  and its making have a poor performance level, which is the worst thing ~to me~ that a person could have  i would say, well, i have tonight to catch up! but i dont, becuase in less then a hour, i have to run up to macon to go to a singing practice until 9  thiiiiss stressss issnnnttt gooooooddddd"
"i just stood over his dead body, oh how good it felt, watching the blood pour from the bullet hole  our marriage was finnally over, oh how much i enjoyed hearing him scream, hes tourcher over me was finnaly done  my kids and i would be safe, i felt the power in me, and we could move on  i, <propfemale>, am a cold-blooded killer  and i enjoyed every delicious second when i killed my husband "
apperently wanting to <propfemale> with your friends is now a crime  guess i should be arrested 
this is going to be one of a kickbut daaaay  my supa awesome friend and i get to do some crazy stufff! ill tell you everything laterz  laugh d
"i just have to say, last night was but kicking! riding in a limo! free food! annnnd, plently of dancing  laugh d"
"cant wait to live the life of a modeling actress  of course, all the other side things i shall be doing  and i say that because i know it shall come true  why? becuase i wanna work harder, and take it to the next level"
"i just finished applying for <propmale> college  woooheeee! one down, one more to go  what a fun and wonderful and momentous moment this is  ahhhhh maaaan     t^t immm soooo tiiirreddd and boorrreeedddd"
"1 j|_|5t \\_ \\_ a|\\||\\|a 5ay t|-|at t|-|15 15 |\\|0t o|\\|ly |-|ar<|, 6|_|t r3ally f|_||\\|!!"
"@|\\|y  0|\\|3  \\ \\ |-|0  u|\\||)3|25t@|\\||)5  t|-|15, l1| love   \\ \\y 5t@tu5   laugh "
i was accepted into <propmale> college! woohoo! my first step has been accomplished without losing my foot  i hope i can make the next one without sucha worry either!
"is taking over  if you cant take the heat, put on a fire proof suit and deal with it  laugh "
"for all mah drama family going to the fair tommoraw, i will be there around 11 o clock  see you there!"
i feel sick!
"i,tatyana brown, a 17 year old fashionista, managed to pack 5 days worth of clothes (more that 8 outfits~with 3 different kinds of shoes, 1 being boots~) into a <propfemale> on bag  plus, the suitcase zipped without me having to push down on it  this is a momentous day "
"i really hope we have practice tommorow! we may have won, but we cant get cocky, and think we are good enough  and if people dont likes dis, remember, you had all of today to rest  the only one who has an excuse ish fisher"
i am a currently part of a group named d i a l  our full name is da illegal acts of love  what we do? kidnapp people   
"so i was super worried, i thought there was something wrong with my phone, becuase it wasnt charging for 2 days  today i find out that my only problem was that the charger ~its in two parts for travablilty~ wasnt completely plugged together  was i just born stupid?"
is going to bleach her hair white pretty soon  ohhh yessss 
we're all we got it might be rough but its alright because u n i t y is all we need to get out r e s p e c t and never g i v e u p and keep your h e a d u p and never g i v e u p and keep your h e a d u p and never g i v e u p and keep your h e a d u p and never g i v e u p and keep your h e a d u p and never g i v e u p and keep your h e a d u p 
"sooo, i think i might be sick  go body go! fight the pest! lskdflsdfjlfdsd  i feel like im about to pass out, and its only 820 at night    "
"i cant stop watching salad fingers (look him up on youtube)  i really should, becuase this is not something anyone should watch at any age or level of maturity   "
"upon my pillow, safe in bed,a thousand pictures fill my head,i cannot sleep, my minds aflight,and yet my limbs seem made of lead   what dreams may come, both dark and deep,of flying wings and soaring leap,as i surrender unto sleep,as i surrender unto sleep "
"i can feel this sickness slowly taking over meh body  so far its managed to conquer my left nostril, my throat, my chest, and my supply of energy  its time to bring out the big guns  vitamin c  a k a orange juice"
"so i had a very important barbizon class that i had to go to today, but im not able to go for reasons not of my own  i dont know if i will gradute on time, and i just have to say, im tired of not being able to control where im going, how im going to get to said place, or what time im going to get there  my goal for this week is permit  nothin more, nothing less "
oooohhh yaa   thats right  im parting it up with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>! we are going to have one hellllckk of a party!!
feels a thousand times better  waay more relaxed  its amazing what one day can do to you
"when he passes me by, hes a <propfirst> of light  like the first drop of sun from the sky  and i know hes a <propmale> who deserves a <propfemale>  but im not a <propfemale>  and he doesnt see me  she has a way that surrounds her so delicate, and the <propfemale> that reings in her life  she is also so much that, she is not  these things i can see, cause he doesnt see me  \                                                  ~ <propfemale> brightman"
"iis gonnaa have a loong and worrysome night  both my ds (that i payed for) and my blackberry fell into my sweet tea  well, it was more like my ds was swimming in the sweet tea pool that formed in my purse, and my phone just took a quick dip  oh ya  congrats northside! ju did well!  laugh "
"tanniel ashley: ~in gibberish~ <propfemale>,  how much is it? <propfemale>: $33  close to $34  tanniel ashley: uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! \ laugh  highlight in our friendship man  oh how the chinese women swindle the hungry black girls "
"all the batters have stepped up to the plate, and they have all struck out  the game is over, and will begin again when the snow stops falling "
"so was all of it a farse? because now its starting to seem like it all was  how much have you not told me? how long were you planning to let me wander around blindsided? youve had your fun, youve played your game, and now its over  for you  becuase now its my turn, and you wont like the rules i play by "
is currently learning how to speak scotish  it isnt easy    
i just checked my yahoo for the first time in a long while  i have over 1444 emails in it  good great gawd almight    
day after day wishing all our cares away tryin fight the things we feel but some hurts never heal some ghost are never gone but we go on we still go on and youll find some way to survive and youll find out you dont have to be happy at all to be happier alive day after day give me clouds & rain & grey give me pain if thats what real its the price we pay to feel the price of love lost but still we pay we love anyway
"just did the impossible, all thanks to tre barnes  laugh  thank you sooooo much!"
"i really wanna do some heavy plays again  im not knocking on wrhs's play choice,i mean, shucks, im loving what they are picking  but i wanna do something like circe de la vie again  i love thinking of how the show deals with such painful topics, that it makes people just squirm in there seats "
"its really quite amazing actually,what barbizon has done for me this last 6 months have been just completely amazing,and i would like to say to everyone that i met there,dont worry this certainly wont be the last time we see each other you all have made the e playful erince so enjoyable,and i hope i see everyone one of you ether on tv, or on the runway  love ya!"
"i feel to be in such an amazing mood  i actually cant wait for this week  i have 2 auditions, and i get to go to a puppet museum, and make (and keep) my very own puppet! mrs  understandable, you will have a sister soon!  laugh "
"i must say, i really think my sandwhich making skillz are improving! this one was a tasty one! mmm   i want another   ahh food  you never fail me  even when your not tasty, you wont get mad if i switch you for something better  laugh "
winter show audition tommorow! im pumped and ready to fight! ding ding
"i got the part of narrator 1!  laugh d thank you mrs  fish! its been a loong time since ive had the main role  its gonna be a challenge, i can tell you that  but i have no time to celebrate  i have another audition tomorrow dx yaaaaaaa    "
uppet museum today!  laugh dd and pageant auditions!
i had sooo much fun at the puppet museum  i would loove to be a puppeteer also  guess i should start my chinese finger training?
"these two days have been the most fun ive had in quite a while  laugh  lets hope it can become 3 days \oh ya, does anyone have a petticoat i can borrow have? im not going to do anything to it, i just mainly need it for a base and fluff"
"i just asked my mum if i could put her down for hard of hearing, and she said \for what?\""  laugh  thats a deffinent check in that box"""
"maybe for you i will try to like coffee  maybe  thats a big maybe  as in, dont count on it, but ill put it on my list of things to do  the very bottom "
"is seriously worried  maaaybe you can think of this as the movie <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world, but instead of 7 deadly exes, its just one big boss battle to fight? except im not white   or asian  no matter what yall say!"
im not liking this cartoon as a default picture thing  i cant tell who anyone is anymore dx it just makes me wanna watch tv
"just because i want to, im declaring this friday, being dec 10th, 2010, to be national above the influence day  wear the symbol, share the pride!  like this if you are willing to do it, and pass the word around!"
"remember peoples! friday is national above the influence day! please do participate  write it on your arms! leave it around the world! and most of all, pass it around!"
"is currently in the process of a gigantic makeover  its gonna be a challenge, but it shall be fun!"
just might have 2 modeling jobs this weekend! yippe!!  laugh 
i got accepted into <propmale> state university!!! like forreall this time   laugh dd im so happy i gotta pee again  laugh 
"you know, today was a wonderful day i made a 87 on my bussiness essentials final, the dentist said i had beautiful teeth, my job was completed with high marks, and i got accepted into the college of my choice  life is good  laugh "
"you had me wishing we were something (something) but left me here with a whole lot of nothing now  this is the end of you and me  and everything i used to be back then, it ment some time, your living a lie and you just cant hide from me"
so the mice that was hiding out in my bathroom cabinet? pulled a hudini  i dunno where the little thing is   
"i must say, i would love to know why they call this break, becuase im busier than ever  ahhh january  you will be a month for me  maybe even longer    "
so my dog ingested some rat poison   
"so faceybook, ima run away from you, beeecause i gotta continue my memorizing for the play"
"scrooges of the world, unite!"
"going to rehab today  it should be fun  well   probably not  if it was like one of those hollywood rehabs, id certainly have fun, cuz god knows they only party  laugh "
water doesn't clean <propmale> <propmale>! <propmale> <propmale> cleans water!
"i am completely memorized! wooohooo! time to go back, refresh, and make funny! this is when everything will get realllyyy fun!"
"so i finnaly got meh mind in order  and ive deicided this  im not doing the pageant, i will blow away the parts of <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and narrator 1, i will kill it at my photoshoot, i will stick with going to <propmale>, i will start modeling and acting for money, and ultimentally, i will get enough money to spend time with @pariz yabuku"
"for all those going to see black swan, lemmeh tell you the summary of it all: there is a masterbation scene, a sex scene, a lezbo sex scene, a random perverted old man, a bunch of touching each other, a very confusing plot, terrible dialouge, great characterization, and a lame ending  and to put a topper to it all, a massive headache, for its reaaally confusing   "
"is so close to crying  i was reconnected with all my old friends from england (they were the same grade as me), and it amazing how much they have changed  they are adults, already in college, married, with kids  and i was left behind  part of me wishes i never moved  "
"i have the feeling that the people in wrhs theatre are planning a thespian breakfast but not telling me about it  my gut tells me so  i mean, we haven't done one in a while  fess up to your lies!!!"
who passed the permit test? i passed the permit test! who passed the permit test? me me me! permit power! permit power! permit power p-p-p-power!
"rehab again today! i must say, im missing alot of school  laugh "
"ferget it! if he really loved me, he wouldnt make me miss a meal just to see him! dx evil man"
"at 7:41 in the morning, the planets will be alliened, and my metamorphasis complete  laugh "
"today as a birthday conquest, i am wearing a very simple outfit  but! i will be adding things onto it as the day goes on  feel free to add anything you want also  laugh  makes it all the more fun!"
currently thinking of all the illegal things i can do now  stalking someone? check  flashing and nudity? check  hitting on minor? that's a big check on that one 
now understands
"ahh facebook   im back on you after who knows how long  and im about to leave you again for thes con! whoot whoot! or as <propfirst> joiner said \woo!\"""""
"ever since ive gotten the thespian jacket zip up hoodie, i havent been able to take it off  i dont think i want to wash it, if it loses its fuzzyness"
"thes con was fun  got closer to my friend peoples  laugh  but unlike y'all, i have no time to rest  runway fashion show tomorrow  i gotta be spanking "
"fashion show went amazing, o got to see my college, and i might have an agent sometime soon  things are really going good for me  laugh "
"can i say wow? like, really boy, your blowing me away  such a confusing, yet happy situation "
"i looked at the box, and could have cried  i hugged it, and pretended that i was hugging you  god, please tell me why you gave me such an amazing friend like pariz yabuku? i really miss you girl  i miss my home d:"
"would like to retrack her statement about pariz yabuku  she was an amazing friend until she decided to call me at 6 in the morn, say that i need to stay away to talk to her, then tell me something juicy and hangs up before i can hear the rest  <propfemale> yabuku, i dont like your daughter "
"please tell me why when i go into kroger, and i see a stand of girlscouts selling cookies, i look at one of the scouts and wonder if that person was a boy or girl scout? and when i go into the bathroom, i find a bag for chicken inside the stalls trashcan?"
"i have been poision by my past  but rid me not of the toxins, for it is what helps me escape my death "
"brothers grim went amazing today  surprised i was able to act even though i have this pouding headache  and tommorrow will hopefully be a amazing day, because then i will find out if i made imta or not!  laugh  i really hope i do! cause then id get to go to new york!!"
"oh ya! i forgot to tell everyone, but i got my audition results back for imta  i made a 9 5 10 for my cold read, and a 8 5 10 for my singing! hip hip! huzzahhh!"
"just finished applying for kroger at three difference places  heres the catch, i did all threee appllications at the same time  im sooo tired dx"
worried and stressed  starting to feel it too  getting quick sick
"\which seat can i take?\"" dunno  its friday  be wild   laugh """
;a; im still marooned  when does my ship come by and get me hooked? im such an angler fish   
pink elephants on parade   
"was watching hot in <propmale>, they made a joke that went like this  one person: what's west of ohio? next person: i dunno  <propfemale>?  i no get the joke"
"well, today's the big day! todays the day i try out for the <propmale> state university theatre department! im going to blow their panties off! oh, and ????? <propfirst> copeland ? your gonna do mazing cakes!"
"mum: that's a massive cemetery  dad: ya, people are just dying to get in there  ohhh dad  your puns kill me  audition went amazing! the song at least  find out in a week my results  and <propfirst> copeland did wonderful! valhalla!"
your relationship is thanks to me!
now my right arm is buffer than my left  one handed push up anyone?
i wannna doooooo something soooo baddddd
photoshoot! photoshoot! photoshoot today! curtosy of cresent <propfemale> photography! good luck miri grace! and thanks for helping us out!
"i should go sponshoship hunting today then  laugh  go eat out while im at it, or something cool"
photoshoot! photoshoot! photoshoot today! curtosy of cresent <propfemale> photography! good luck miri grace! and thanks for helping us out! forizzle this time
photoshoot! photoshoot! photoshoot today! curtosy of cresent <propfemale> photography! good luck miri gracei grace! and thanks for helping us out! laugh  i wanted her name to be tagged
"if ever i see you again, maybe this, itll work alright  maybe this time, we won't goodbye, but only goodnight  with a love that won't end, if ever i see you again   laugh "
sontaneous photoshoot with <propfemale> <propfemale> sanders! hopes it works out all good!  laugh 
<propfirst> momo sanders house ftw!
momo is cleansing my facebook  smile 
ahhhhhh  tommorrow is monday  let initiations begin  i hope the day goes by slow  i want to enjoy each day playing nicely with my loverly initiates  laugh 
im so emotionally drained  to much empathy
