2d3b559c460f8b9680867d0f6b0fad19
is doin damn dandy
gettin ready to have this tat finally touched up! i'll have photos up later 
"looking for some room mates  place in demorest, hit me up "
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you  i stole this from <propfemale> savage "
"kind of glad the weekend's over, last night was fuckin crazy! i wish we taped it  havin an intervention with myself as well, gotta cut back on the alci "
i'd have to say that this weekend was a definate success!
"alright so i know people party on thursdays and i now have fridays off, so somebody    hit me up for this thursday!"
is ready for the weekend  fun fun fun then on sun i'll run
"gotta a new car! love it! 06 galant  anyways, gotta break it in, so uh    i'll be cruisin if you need me "
"is lovin life, my friends, my fam, my job, my car, and everything else in my life and most of all    i love, yes i love    my dog"
"looking forward to the play tonight, think its gonna be a lot of fun!"
zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzz
feel like life is changin    again?
"i love this shit, and ima keep lovin"
lookin for a yes
"anyone got a ps2 they would just so happen to want to give away? i've got one that works, just not well  so i'm not spending money on one  any help would be great  thanks"
still lookin for a free ps2
"hello motherfucker hey hi, how ya durn?"
"chillin at the house all day, hit me up if you wanna come chill"
what was that?! who slams doors?
"ah yes, new years <propfemale>! it is time to shine and wasted out of my mind!"
"you can call me what you want, im makin money havin fun like weeeeeeee!"
"sweet, back to cookin tomorrow! so if your on campus tomorrow come and eat some food  i'm ready to cook up a storm!"
"well, not what i e playful ected, but fun night! good times, good times"
it feels weird not havin to work all day   
"so wasted wednesdays, hangover thursdays and now i'm off to work    bla"
am i tired or just ready to do it again?
"i take shots and just lay up then fade away, dreaming of better days, dreaming of better pay"
"who i want to be comes tomorrow, who i am only comes today and with yesterday as my teacher best believe i'm here to fuckin stay  not here to play no games, but i plan to win this shit, so come on, my hands up and i wont fuckin quit "
bored
life aint about whats better than
"i've got some advice for you little <propmale>  before you point your finger you should know that i'm the man, and if i'm the fucking man then your the fucking man as well so you can point that fucking finger up your ass"
"awesome party last night, and tonight for our special we're having     athens!"
"am i a man dreaming i was a butterfly, or i am now a butterfly, dreaming i am a man?"
"the feeling of being lost is often due to a person not really living his or her life  this is the influence of acting outside one's nature, by living the \american dream\"" instead of one's own personal dream """
hey! <propmale>'s here
"don't believe its going to snow, but i'm into it"
the igloo    comin along great!
"i feel like my picture makes me appear to be a vampire    but not one that sparkles  fuck that, i just wanna pierce the skin, eat you up and suck ya dry!"
governing a large country is like frying a small fish  you spoil it with too much poking 
"conquering others takes force, conquering yourself is true strength "
holy shit <propfemale> was awesome! magic hat #9 is phenominal! sunrise on the beach saturday morning was so invigorating and inspiring! made my own zen garden tonight with sand from tybee  what a well lived weekend  laugh 
"damnit today sucks  guess me and ev caught something while we were in <propfemale>  sick as a dog, even had to miss work  i hate it"
"i love my weekends, pong here i come"
"if anyone lookin for someone whos new to the scene, but hits hard then you need to listen to the new mixtape by xv \30 minute layover\"" get your free copy at www mixtapetorrent com"""
3 days    and the party animal is off the leash
"i ran into superwoman, she turned into a super b-tch  i hit it with that super d-ck, she be comin super quick"
is getting ready to get crunk as a <propmale> mothafucka can! party on the river!
"figured if i study high, take the test high, get high scores    right? right!"
"we are not the same, i am a martian"
"remember when you're great, it aint murder    its assassinate"
"i walk on air, put me on the edge and i'll walk off there"
i love this shit
"you wanna know what word i really just love!?         fuck  i love that word, it flows so well of the tounge, just say it and try to argue with me "
damnit
"so the catering wasn't that bad tonight, real glad it was for some of the students  and damn i love those people that make me smile  smile "
"i want to be an astronaut when i grow up, like <propmale> skywalker, but instead of the light saber ill play the bass, booooom!"
"<propfirst> is on wednesday and we will celebrate this weekend, hell yes"
"this has been an awesome weekend, keg party, skate off, racin aces, 2 hour jam making non stop music with <propfirst>, now i'm just chillin soon i'll shower and be off to bed  i love rainy days "
"one day our kids will have to visit museums to see what a lady looks like  so if you find one, i beg of you, hold her tight  yes, if you spot one, good sir, treat her right "
ima pick the world up and ima drop it on yo fuckin head!
she's got powers and i think i want to get in her spell
"gotta be to work at 6 in the a m      so much fun  hahahahahahahahahhh  aight world, peace and love at ya!"
"holy crap what a long day at work, but now im home and im just 40 oz from freedom    sweet, time to relax!"
"from the weave to the fake eyes, to the fake nails down to the toes  ha ha ha ha! we luv deez hoes, ha ha ha ha! we luv deez hoes!"
"haha, ima put this way    i feel good "
"music is the heart beat of my soul, i can feel its rhythm runnin all through my veins; every beat every breath all in tune with each other all playing the symphony of my life! but sometimes you gotta check yourself    check 1-2 check check  hahahahot!"
"pass out at 3, wake up at 10 go out to eat then do it again"
   but i know we can't all stay here forever so i want to write my words on the face of today and then let them paint it tomorrow   
"wicked night, i love my social and spiritual network  wabi sabi was definately an e playful erience to be remembered!"
"this is a man's world, but it wouldn't be nothing without a woman or a girl"
aw yes monday    back to work 
"workin' it with my tounge, you can just tell me if it tickles"
haha! i am in such a killer mood today!
anyone have a guitar they would like to get rid of? the lower bridge of my acoustic is pealing off and warping the body so i've de-stringed it to release the tention  it's driving me crazy not being able to make music every night  if anyone could please help i would greatly appreciate it!
somebody please i need a guitar!!!!
"hittin the sack, got one last day of work then im off for the weekend  damn this has been a rough one, but hey    i love my job!!!!"
damnit i really want another git fiddle    it will be soon 
"aw shit goin campin tonight: fire, music, boose and    sweet thangs to chat with all night"
1 5 2010 first day of my quit smoking plan  successful not one cig all day   exciting almost!
"hell yes, 4 6 10, day two no smoking  took a couple puffs off a cig after a 24oz weiser, but hell what can ya say"
"got a little out of focus today, smoked about a whole cigarette  all will be good, i have made great progress and things can only strengthen when you work at them "
"   it all comes back to you, you're bound to get what you deserve, try and test that, you're bound to get served  love's what i got, dont start a riot, you'll feel it when the dance gets hottt!!!!!"
"been lovin the weather over the past couple of days, but i gotta say that the way the rain has cooled things off    great"
mucho gusto me llamo <propmale>
"last night was amazing  the lake, the fire, the music    ah and the essence "
"oh and did i mention we smashed my guitar and threw it on the fire? wish i had pictures of it, it was amazing!"
"one good about music is when it hits you, you feel no pain  so hit me with music!!!!"
"and the girls carress me down, and thats the loving sound"
"so today im no longer a teenager  i've been an \adult\"" for 2 years now and it'll be another year before i can legally sip that \""adult beverage\""  well    the countdown begins i got 365 days til i can walk into that liquor store and get all that alcohol i can afford """
"damn what a good day! and now im at the house chillin on some magic hat, just keepin the mind lifted  happy birthday <propmale>, hell yea thanks man and happy birthday to you too! sweeet  and every one who showed some love today, appreciate it you guys rock!"
"ok for the first time since me and ev discovered the magic, i have duplicate bottle caps from the same six pack  \beware of ducks in raincaots\"" what is this a conspiracy or something?"""
morning jog with bude dog was real refreshing and i think he really enjoyed that! we're gonna have to do this more often 
summertime  yea the livin's easy 
"last night was awesome and thanks again to everyone who came out to the festivities, most definately a night to remember! damn life is good haahaa"
"if you like sublime and you like dub and you like reggae  then you need to check out slightly stoopid, the e playful endables, and pepper  this is some great music that the west coast is still supplying us with "
"straight to the dome, straight, straight to the dome! owwww"
"every day i love her just a little bit more, a little bit more, a little bit more! every day i love her just a little bit more and she loves me the same  bop bop bop"
"haha happy 420 <propfemale>, today in history a lot of shit happens! hope everyone has a good one haha!"
"i'm not normally a baseball person, but tonight was good  i didn't know bats break so easily and then to see em win in the 9th  sweet "
"if i had a shotgun you know what i'd do, i'd point that thing straight at the sky and  shoot heaven on down for you "
"is downloadin reggae, mostly roots"
"\through down the bottle and pulled out my pipe\"""""
why do i work at such a boring college   
"you're a builder a baby, here i am a stone"
"the night isn't over until the sun comes up and the day doesn't start until the sun goes down  the mood picks up and the friends come around, thats my life, welcome to my town "
"killer workout today, gonna get some grub in a little bit, clean up  sh!t i am sleeping good tonight!"
"dont understand why im still awake, but sleep is gonna be goooooood"
"i love my dog, yes i love, said i love my dah-who-ah-wh surprise g! ay-o"
"lovin life as is, as was and as to what will come of it? ha, well im sure ill love that too  -peace"
"wanna live the fast life, but your brain moves slow  if your trying to stay high your bound to stay, you want god but you couldn't deflate your ego  your already there and there's nowhere to go, the cups already full and its bound to overflow "
the night seems like it might not come to a close just yet
"my chick bad, my chick hood, my chick do stuff that your chick wish she could  haha"
"so todays weather totally turned the plans of today slap upside down, but whatever    we got all summer "
"<propfirst> kelly: \you know there was a time where i'd help you raise this little dumpster baby brother of mine like a son  but that's gone now 'cause you ruined it  you threw your babies away  and you threw your swords away  you threw your golf clubs and your tasty treats! and ya know what? i found 'em  and i'm gonna raise all of them\"""""
"shit, goodnight folks!"
"i celebrate the sunrise, i celebrate the sunset  i celebrate every second of every minute of every day  life is good"
is goin for a jog
"i love this  suns out, birds are chirpin, brews are cold, fiddles in tune and before you know it we'll be at <propfemale>'s by the pool  haha! soak it up mothafuckas!"
"i got the summer hatin on me cuz im hotter than the sun, got spring hatin on me cuz i aint ever sprung, winter hatin on me cuz im colder than ya'll and i will never, i will never, i will never fall  im bein hated by the seasons so fuck yall who hatin for no reason  hahaa i love it"
"i take her home and do the do, i know the kamasutra think what i'll do to you"
i do it all night!
"her lip stick matches my flag, thats swag"
"im the bomb baby, watch me nuke this shit!"
sweet! after 7 weeks of work outs i can finally count my stomach muscles  laugh 
   is cooking some hamburgers in yuengling  lager  yes 
habersham licked dicked today     habersham licks dicks tonight     cant believe the best thing goin on right now is sleep     f*ck!
"damn what a day  weights, bicylces, swimming pools, lawn mowers and lots and lots of food! whooo what a day "
"i'm not all bad, but i'm a faithful sinner i might get lost, but i'll be home for dinner  \if god don't like me, he can send me to hell, still i'll love the way you love me, girl "
the money keep callin i hear this shit diallin and they say money talks you can hear my shit holler’n  woa
"party on the beach, p-p-party on the beach  party animal, they done let me off the leash  i got my weed from the west, my pills from the east and two bottles of goose thats geese  \\2 more days   "
"headin to fl tomorrow, shizz gone be sweet!"
"keep your head on the swivel, for everything and the nonsense"
"wow what a weekend  <propmale>'s house fuckin rocked, along with all his friends and the surrounding scenaries  florida people are a lot cooler than i had heard, not really rude in the least bit  cant wait to go back down there "
"anyone heard that \pussy nigga\"" freestyle that lil <propmale> does on the blue martian? raw!"""
"caine on my chest, aint no pain and i feel my best hahaha"
"on a scale 1 to 10 my girl be a 20, my girl so bad make the boys think im sinnin"
"    and he moves to his own beat berat-dat-dat-dat, berat-di-dat-di-dat-di-dat-di-dat-dat then splat! ugh!"
when your computer is in the shop and all 30 gigs of music are gone     pandora is the only way to go
"when you move like a jellyfish, rhythm dont mean nothing  you move with the flow and you dont stop "
"relief    got the computer back along with all my music, i love it!"
i hate when other people put they're verses over a <propmale> beat     you aint doin nothin but makin yourself look worse  like she-it!!!!
"i was drinking before i came, when i got here i did the same"
think im going to attend full sail!
"just dropped $50 in books on amazon, cant wait for them to get here!"
"<propfirst> <propfirst>, quite contrary, how does your garden grow? hydroponic ultra supersonic or does it grow naturally slow?"
"you can call me slightly stoopid, but i love that sweet <propfemale>"
what an interesting weekend
"whatcha gonna do when the rent comes through? round up the posse, call up the crew  5 bucks at the door and you bring your own boose! call up your neighbors, cuz they can come too  dont forget your records cuz i've only got a few "
"the fusion of yin and <propfemale> at the center comes in a moment of self-mastery, in love or in <propmale>istic creation; one may find it in calligraphy, in poetry, dance or all other forms of <propmale>  - schipper 1982"
"lightin up a mothaf-ckin blunt, stupid fruity swag like a mothaf-ckin runt  i be with my dogs on a mothaf-ckin hunt and every day of the week is the first of the month "
"turn up the boom box, put on your high tops  c'mon outside, todays gonna be the day we start livin in the new world "
"i'm gonna give myself a shot, i could get myself a pill, i'm gonna go and try to buy a little more time to kill  i need a can opener, cuz i got some beans to spill "
"party at the place tonight, moms bday party tonight! we are seriously throwing down! bring your own boose  we got svedka, we got yeungling, we got keystone and then we got whatever you bring along! \pill poppin animal syrup sippin n*kka im so high you couldn't reach me with a f*ckin antenna\"" its goin down!"""
"great time last night, damn what a great time! hella good party everyone, glad you all came out! thanks and again happy birthday mom "
too early   
"to all the pussies in the world (not talking about ladies) who can't stand up for their actions  you're shit, you are absolute and total bullshit  you've really hit this one close to home  one day <propfemale> is going to bite you in the ass and the rest of us will be sittin back laughin  fuck you  i dont believe in the place, but burn in hell dude  -peace"
"over the hills and far away, thats all i can say"
"jammin last night on the electric was great, then today with <propfirst> on violin, great  i love music, life is beautiful!"
"sublime w  rome, matisyahu, the dirty heads; friday, cant wait!"
last nights show was amazing! rome is definately filling some big shoes and doing a damn good job! great show sublime cant wait to do it again! exillerating 
mmmmm <propfemale> bock     
"pretty cool, pretty cool  pretty neat, pretty neat  alright, i like this "
"i said im going, going, back, back, all the way to cali, cali, thats where i want to be"
"\love is like the open sea and i wish you would set sail with me\"" ~ziggy"""
"lazy dayz: days like these, they're a rare occasion, but very well earned when they do come around  *sigh of relief*                                 !!!4 more days!!!"
a weekday off? woa 
i said the night time is the best time 
"love is my religion, i'll take you to the <propfemale> tonight  all my days i've been searching, to find out what this life is worth  through the books and bibles of time i have made up my mind  i dont condemn, i dont convert  see this is a calling, have you heard? bring all the lovers forth into the fort, because no one here is going to lose their soul  i said hey, love is my religion "
"long day in the yard, im hoppin in the shower! cold "
they're back    well i know she's back!
"cookin up some burgers, using my favorite yeungling recipes  sweet "
after a long story with myself my random word of the day: change      it's always good 
"remember when privacy was something everybody wanted? not anymore  internet ruined that one  now we got blogs and twitter! (sarcasm, sarcasm)"
"im out, goodnight"
"swagger just dumb, call it <propfemale> palin  if you think you're fly then i must be parasailin, we are not the same im a motha f*ckin alien!"
"i'm more animal than the zoo's allow, so put me in the wild and i'll be there for awhile!"
the <propmale> iv has been leaked 
om
peace dude
when you are not in competition you are unbeatable
"we got speakers for the computer again    its good to have my music back, what a relief "
"better dayz is a great collection, i love some shakur  disc 2 is so chill "
all smiles  smile 
i rock too fast for love i'm footloose in my velcro shoes
when you finally think life is sane you realise everyone else gone the opposite 
yes to 19
   i wanna giver her all and never give her up   
have you ever listened to muck sticky?
love is like an <propmale> and i am the <propmale>ist
"i gotta <propmale> size bed, i dont know any <propmale>s, but i guess if one came over he would be comfortable "
"anybody says weezy aint the greatest needs to listen to \watch my shoes\"" from no ceilings  blow ya mind!"""
"goodnight day, and goodmorning night  i am in for the dreams  see everyone tomorrow  peace "
"i am not human, i am just an illusion  organized confusion, amusing  i am not loosing i am one of the choosing, school of the hard knocks, i am just a student "
"i'm the truth, why would i lie? i walk around this place like a pilot im fly (im fly)! hello and bye bye, i leave ya'll ass in the past like tye dye  smile "
"   and if you don't believe me, then leave me be   "
"do unto others, what has been to you"
this has been a great weekend  absolutely awe inspiring   smile 
"get on my level, you cant get on my level, you will need a space shuttle or a ladder thats forever"
0-4?
"your soul is alive, but they want it for ransome"
got my sensai and my survival story; that means    relax
you are clever collect all the keys you find
"the ground shall break when they bury him  bury him, i know one day they gotta bury him, better lock my casket tight baby so i dont let the devil in "
life is good
"if you think you're hot, then obviously you've been lied to  we dont die, we multiply and then we come divide you "
"warning: for mature audience: life's a bitch, naw, better yet a dumb broad \and i bet i can fuck the world and make it cum hard"
"she puts a smile and a half on, leaves me smiling for more  smile "
"luda, jeezy and weezy just need to make a collaborative album together"
if this world were mine    
is that a smile she puts on my face? only a 100 <propmale> wide and she's winning my race 
"i am not a human, shout to all my <propfemale> men"
"they started mixing disco vinyls and formed hip hop, electronics broke through, the stories died and the rhymes found new tides  they gave us something that we like to call rap  well the times of rap have been tapped, yet again this toddler amungst music history is taking a new form  listen for it, its happening before our very own ears  i love music "
"i got the beer shits, call me a party pooper  smile "
"good show last night, i want to say thanx to everyone that made it out  wasn't a big crowd, but hell i won 15 dollars! hell yea, he did the monster mash!"
"i'm running this shit, you can call me diarrhea hahaha"
"im a party animal, im eatin up your party you can call me cannibal"
holy shit im naked
"pregamed thursday night, got wasted beyond wasted last night and now im getting ready for my 2nd halloween party of the weekend  damn what a busy life i live    haha!"
"forced into evil, its all in your head  its all so cerebral call me knievil  you follow and i'll lead you straight to the needles, the bottles, the battles, the beetles will eat you "
you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
"i see a lot of status' that say something good about \life\"" ! i like that  big change from the negativity that i see a lot of     laugh  life is good"""
"i'm pinned to the party, like the tail to the donkey"
mr  <propmale> gets released today    few more hours
"im gonna make a beat, then im gonna beat you with it"
all this bullshit makes me stronger
"time to let go and release, lyrics on my mind, let em out, im at peace"
"fame and fortune is one thing, but success and respect  is to die for "
everybody do their thing like a robot   
"blossum when i spring, peak when im summer, then fall to my feet and sleep in my winter sheets haha!"
its nutmegnificent  wink 
god is an american
"i've been bustin ass since i was a young cat, <propfirst> bowie sold the planet so i guess i've got to buy it back"
"im energized like the <propfemale>, call me bugsy im in toon  gettin looney call me goonie, got that treasure and it moves me  what you think about my movie?"
"went up to truett mcconnell today for my 2nd interview  i'll know more about the extent of my transfer by january 3rd  this is excitement in the making! sorry piedmont, it's been good "
write my name on the face of today so they remember me tomorrow
"holy crap  i went to sleep around 9 smile 0 last night and just woke up    thats 14 1 2 hours of sleep, woa "
"now if you didn't help me make it, dont tell me how to spend it"
talkin to myself cuz i am my own consultant
women's soccer    like
why am i even on this shit!
"don't buy the fear don't buy that my dear, the things you love you must keep near and <propfemale> on and you won't feel withdrawn even if you're coming down"
"i haven't slept for 10 days, cause thats too long"
"i don't want to follow my dreams, i just want to ask em where they're going and hook up with em later"
"four, a foe you are, four"
"a foe you are, a f o e u r, a foe you are"
im waiting for nothing to wait on
"quannum projects, dream label"
"who's that governor that was like a biker or something, looks like a biker, who is that? what state?"
when the sun goes down the shadows overtake me
"im built like a porcupine, untouchable"
i got it! 3 more days of work at piedmont and then i'm off to new horizons 
"remember to always be true, no matter what you do"
"\why is the world ugly when you made it in your image?\"" ~tariq \""black thought\"" trotter"""
"to everyone at piedmont: though this was only my first day at truett mcconnell, they will never compare to you  i love you guys! keep it real and good luck on your journeys  and dont you ever forget the name <propmale>    only the coolest lunch lady you wish you had!"
"they said he's busy hold the line please  call me crazy but i figured he could mind read  who does the blind lead? show me a sign please  if everything is made in <propfemale>, are we chinese?  and why the haters separate us like we siamese  technology turning the planet into zombies \\-the roots"
100% dundee
"i write this verse for equal rights\and i fight for the right to ride at night\and we've lost our minds yea we're far from tight\so if you're with me please hollar\          \we will fight!\"""""
life's a bitch and death is her sister
"and with this gift god gave to me i will escape this poverty, and to all those who made of fun of me its time for you to honor me"
"is this joy, something so simple but something so strong? thats nice, i think we can kick it for however long you'd like "
"maybe we can plant a seed, call it love and grow a tree"
"woa, a day off "
so you'd think strawberry poptarts and chocolate pudding would be like chocolate covers strawberries    but actually it taste like 2 chemicals that dont belong 
"im livin in a dream so if i want it then i plant it, cocky is routine and confidence is like a habit"
"woke up with an 8 track recorder in my face, pretty cool huh?"
what to do with the time  smile 
\i've drifted through the people and all their scenaries, it seems to me like people are drifting out to sea  they've all got their own boxes full of lies and secrecy\2d3b559c460f8b9680867d0f6b0fad19,"steppin off mars, i put my foot into your planet  time to <propmale> the world, like the mayans i have planned it "
"time keeps changing and im just spending the time, i'm gonna cash my minutes in and maybe win me a prize  time is not a clock and more silent than mimes, time is what you make it so im making it mine "
"tha <propmale> iv official release date: may 16th  yes, im psyched  cuz you know c4 gonna be like bomb "
"sittin on my rocker, i rock with father tom \time is in my pocket, you know we get along \calm is what im into, i get it from my mom \sublime as i will ever be, so im writing it in psalm "
"thank you to everyone who was able to tune in tonight, and thanks to all of my fellow performers, great show you guys! guess my next project will be graduation "
"if someone says i cant do it, then i'm doin it  if they're doin it, then i've done it  if it hasn't been done, f**k it, i'll do it and thats all there is to it "
"a day without shoes, april 5th, today  im partaking, are you?"
