34fbd4508e89c4af2e4c905502ca662e
is loving this rainy day  time to bust out those famed rain boots 
is hosting the shopping show on wdml today     listen in! 106 9 fm  laugh 
can't wait to go swimming after work!
needs to get off of facebook and write this stinkin' article     can't    tear self    away    
is eating toffee-covered peanuts     *drool*
is pep-talking a nine-year-old  playful 
loves looking at that photo album 
is so excited to move back into her house!
is all smiley   smile 
is so excited -- the city inspector deemed our house livable!
is doing the shopping show on wdml at 1 o'clock     listen in! 106 9 fm!
"   and when you smile for the camera, i know i love you better "
"at work, not working "
is excited for holiday world tomorrow!
should be living in her house by the end of this week!  smile 
again invites you to listen to her on the shopping show on wdml 106 9 fm  laugh 
just finished the shopping show     no more plugs  playful 
is living in her house! hip-hip-hooray!
"is at work typing, writing and facebook-ing!"
to plug or not to plug? hm  
is disturbed by the man walking around the radio station poking at the walls  
is really contemplating this status thing wayyy too much 
just had an old lady spit at her  
is tryyyying to work but is just entranced by the bold function on facebook chat  thanks <propmale>   playful 
just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl 
in the sky with diamonds 
mt  <propfirst> is getting a <propfirst> johns!!!  laugh 
yay for friday   smile 
"remembers when she thought a \topless bar\"" meant it had no roof """
got to wear the sombrero at el ranch last night 
is going to incubus thursdayy  smile 
is getting ready to do the shopping show amidst pink balloons and shiny decorations  happy birthday to me!  smile 
had a wonderful birthday  thanks to everyone who made it special   smile 
is on her new laptop  smile  <propmale> is the best brother ever  and so is <propfirst>  hahah
is chillin with <propfemale> in the hotel room! yearbook camp ftw
is not excited for her cyst removal 
is playing neopets  and is unashamed 
"is on wdml until 7, tune in!"
: you know <propfemale>'s board oping when you hear <propfemale> 
"watched the meteor shower with <propfirst> last night, then woke up with food poisoning  thanks <propfemale>'s "
the cyst is gone!
loves pink <propmale> 
just now found out about her four 8-hour shifts in the next week for the fair! my wallet feels happy 
is chillin at work until 8!
coughwmixcough     plug much?
manually operating the programming builds character
is 'casting it up until 8 pm!
3 hours left in the 8-hour shift!
is signing off for the evening  'til next time!
has a busy day ahead     and really wants some white pie 
"is relaxing in the wdml studio, glad that the day's events are nearing an end "
wishes there was a way to e playful ress the way she is feeling right now 
welcome to the machine 
just finished applying for siuc!
is it raining?
feels accomplished -- just proved to <propfirst> that it was raining and that i'm not smoking crack  ha!
"severe t'storm warning out, sirens blaring, rotation     and pinball wizard playing in the background "
"is listening to <propfirst> and connor tell me what to put on my status     and made up her own mind, thank you "
<propfirst>'s promo for his show is pretty awesome   you can hear it from 2-6 on weekdays on wmix  happy now <propfirst>? haha
enjoys parking in random places where her laptop picks up wi-fi  woohoo!
is feelin applebee's <propfemale> bbq wings  mmm 
is ready for a night of mt  <propfirst> rams football with <propfirst> and <propmale> on am 940 wmix!
got her siuc acceptance letter!
"every day ends in \y\"" except for tomorrow  hah"""
is     is     is    
"rock & roll and faded blue jeans, and standing on the edge of everything "
i asked her her name and in a dark brown voice she said <propfemale>  l-o-l-a 
is just     torn?
looking forward to work tomorrow! how often do you hear that? hah 
is at wmix!
swerved to miss one dog and ended up almost hitting another   where were their neon orange nighttime pedestrian jackets? tsk tsk 
loves late-night <propfirst>'s runs  especially when your best friends can't order their own food hahah
hello november!
"bought \a decade of steely dan\"" today   wonder where that musical influence came from?  smile """
is at mix pumping out the city council meeting  par-tay 
is going to go home and make some food   then pre-cal and ap lit it is!
speech woo!
cannot contain herself any longer     act scores are posting tomorrow  squeeee 
when will it end?
is doing the shopping show live today  tune in at 1!
is getting ready to singggg
blastin' wish you were here 
thinks that it would be funny to broadcast the yoga class that is going on before the city council meeting     but would probably get fired for doing so 
whoa magic circles 
is so excited for thanksgiving and black friday!
is not the only one parked in front of wdml using the wifi  hahaha
stuffed her face with taquitos 
wants you to tell her how to get her hair done  pleeease?
is in normal   happy thanksgiving!
is super content at the moment 
is on the way home from normal 
thinks the little kids walking around the radio station are so cuuuute 
is so happy to be working regularly 
my heart and prayers go out to you <propfemale> -- love you girl 
finds it hard to broadcast the city council meeting when the <propfemale> is broken   and is sad to miss the nsv christmas fete 
"mother, do you think they'll drop the bomb?"
sent off her presidential scholarship application today 
is at mix   mv rams basketball   woo!
"is at the station, then going to celebrate christmas with the family!"
"thinks it's slightly humorous that when someone in the council meeting audience speaks, it comes over the air sounding like a bunch of farting noises "
*sniff sniff snifffffffff*
is getting ready to do the shopping show live -- tune into wdml 106 9 fm    smile 
has the busiest saturday ever 
is crankin' out classic rock on wdml 
has an interview for a full ride at <propfemale>!  squeeeeeeeee!
loves work -- you can wear the most ridiculous clothing and no one sees you    smile 
is at mix 
loves the extra long weekend 
half psychotic sick hypnotic
is at work eating some delicious chicken cooked by mama   smile 
mix 
you know you're a board op when     you can recite every commercial by heart 
is having a board op pow wow 
has had quite an interesting day at mix     especially regarding the tranny in the parking lot   sexay!
is reflecting 
is kickin it at mix 
has the interview tomorrow -- send positive energy my way!
is at mix getting ready to run commercials for the superbowl   does anyone really listen to it on the radio?
is going to go nuts before this game is over   someone bring me food   :[
board ops stick together when it comes to hunger   thanks reis  smile 
after being at the station for 8 5 hours     i am ready to go home 
ughghgughgughghguhg
might as well keep a sleeping bag at mix  smile 
is chillin at mix with <propfirst> frisby 
happy birthday momma!
"save the drama for yo' mama, please "
at wdml
just saw the crazies with <propfirst> & <propfirst> 
found the perrrrfect prom dress 
is so proud of the newspaper staff    smile 
bought rims for her car today -- no more ghetto cruiser!
is live on wmix 10-12     tune in!
is diggin' the easy pre calc 
"is ready for an exciting morning at mix   sports show from 8-10 on the am, then tune in at 10 on the fm where i'll be live with dt until 12!"
is getting ready to do the wmdl shopping show live     tune in 106 9 fm   smile 
is at mix allll night   party 
had a lovely last day of break 
pleeeeeeease wrap up the postgame jargon so i can go hoooooome 
seeing guys fly butterfly kites in h parking lot gave my day the uplift it needed 
how do northerners distinguish the ipod from the ipad?
is live on mix94  smile 
rip <propfemale>     love you so much girl 
owes exactly one dollar from state taxes     how does that happen?
": do giraffes have horns?  chacha: yes, giraffes have short hairy horns on their heads   (oh, foreign language day)"
"oh, early mornings at mix "
really couldn't be any happier  smile 
is hoping the board makes the best decision tonight
senioritis
*<propfemale> recites alphabet backwards*  chelsea: what are you spelling?
is paranoid thanks to parking lot creeper
prommm  smile 
is in need of senior quotes for vn     text message <propfemale>
"apologizes to the 'tune twisters' for her misconduct     but really, i would love it if that kid tried to beat me up "
we have a challenger in the argyle!
is loving this rain 
may 7th used to feel like it was an eternity away     now we're days from it
"\i'm the yellow tooth that looks like corn     don't brush me!\"""""
is choosing her dorm room for next year   smile 
got a hair cut 
is going to find a mother's day gift   hopefully 
two days   hoooly cow
is kickin' it at mix 
the reality that tomorrow is the last day of high school is really setting in    
laaast day of high school 
"\excuse me mrs  black     are there any sith lords in here?\"" *light saber fight ensues*  oh how i love senior year """
high school is done 
"is now on her way to normal   the town, not the state of being "
is so happy the entiiiire family is coming together today    smile 
"loves family laughing fits with <propfemale> stelte, <propfemale> stelte, and <propfemale> beerup smyth"
"is having a family lunch, going shopping, then heading back to mv "
is home safe and sound 
had a great first day of freedom from high school 
is baking a red <propfemale> cake for connor's birthdayyy
"\there was blue stuff coming out of my nose and     wow    \"""""
getting ready to do the shopping showww
standing on the edge of everything 
is ready for grad practice to be over already
anyone have one extra graduation ticket?  just one?
today is the day that never seemed as if it would actually be here 
"thanks to the class of 2010 for everything these past four years   good luck in all you do, and remember to always follow your heart as you pursue your dreams "
"i live in notes and photographs and everything i'm holding back, like all the words that weren't enough, you remind me of a song i used to love "
had a lovely day of shopping todayy  smile 
it's not a spark     it's a <propmale> fire 
seasons are changing and waves are crashing and stars are falling all for us
cough106 9cough  smile 
listening to am 940 reminds me of the old days at grandma's house on 22nd 
wants to go to pointfest so badddd 
what a splendid day
one week 'til pointfest    smile 
is kickin' it at mix   tune innn
"\like the bridge to the <propfemale> city     that goes on forever   'cause it's magic \"""""
"really, really wants some cheesecake "
beachhh
is signing up for classes today 
"will have a very busy schedule next year, but most of the classes seem like they'll be a good time "
at mix     pointfest tomorrowww!
pointfesttt
hollywood undead is about to rock my worldddd
pointfest was amaaaaazing
"i wanted you to know i love the way you laugh, i wanna hold you high and steal your pain away "
happy birthday dad     we'll never forget you 
one likes to believe in the freedom of music
is already pumped for mayhem fest 
threeeee 
"power, if you would come back on, you would make me real happy "
one month 'til gaga    laugh 
just went through the car wash and the 2010 from graduation is still clear as day     my car just doesn't want to forget all those memories    playful 
connor is the only person who makes infomercials enjoyable   hahaha
holidaaay worlddd
shopping show tiiiiime
"just met with <propfemale> and <propmale>, who were friends with my dad, and had a great time  smile "
"we are young but we have heart, born in this world as it all falls apart "
"begin the day with a friendly voice, a companion unobtrusive   plays that song that's so elusive and the magic music makes your morning mood "
twix java = fantastic
had a lovely afternoon with her best frienddd
can't sleeeep 
"does anyone else remember mr  futransky telling us to say \rabbit rabbit\"" on the first of the month?"""
is sifting through steely <propfirst> lyrics
"beachin' it this afternoon, then fights tonighttt "
just got poked
happy fourthhh
thank god for engineers 
ohh bottle rockets  smile 
is going to enjoy this day off
college is kinda staring me in the face
is going to breakfast with her wonderful mannn
"is eating a big, juicy, fantastic watermelon"
"\he was meant to shine until the end of the line \"""""
in preschool they used to make this fantastic cinnamon-sugar rice mush for breakfast     i miss that mush 
"wdml 5-7, then spending some time with connor     one week 'til gaga "
m m mix94
is making her pair of pumps sparkly for gaga  smile 
"2 days 'til gaga, 5 'til mayhem, and 7 'til the birthday   countdowns, countdowns "
"lightning bolt nails, sparkly shoes     did someone say, gaga?"
gaga   best show of my life   ohhh my goodness 
"mayhem today, hopefully  i survive  wink "
"atreyu rocked, can't wait for lamb of god"
"we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year "
a huge thank you to everyone who made my 18th birthday super special   won ten dollars on my first lotto tickets!
"new phone, new number!"
"i have no time for false fronts and hidden agendas,"
you remind me of a song i used to love;
was playing the sims and didn't realize that it was nearly 2 a m 
is enjoying a lil scoopie kids meal after a day of college shopping 
"could we fix you if you broke, is your punchline just a joke?"
"you're all i dream about, i can't live without, all i want is you "
"shopping show, office work, inception "
"one step closer to heaven,"
"\i'll sweep!  i'll sweep the flooooors!\"""""
it's august and many things are now setting in 
carbondaaale 
"call your name every day when i feel so helpless, i'm fallin' down but i'll rise above this "
national night out remote on wdml calls for no songs about drugs alcohol     this eliminates 3 4 of the music library hahah
has one box packed for college  
i don't believe that anybody feels the way i do about you now 
special k protein shakes are only to be drank in the event that one needs to induce vomiting 
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, tell 'em how you feel girls   work your jonbenet ramsey, you're hot like liberace, find your freedom in your music, find your jesus, find your kubrick "
"is trying to sign up for parking with <propfemale>     having problems with my \student or cesl id\"" which is not matching up with my dawg tag     help?"""
"mix 2-4, tune in and i'll play you a songgg  smile "
fizzy pop incense   oh yes
"in my dream, i was thinking about the different levels of dreams   inception, what have you done to me?"
"we are young, but we have heart "
is so very excited for pointfest this weekend 
is having a serious standoff with some deer      seriously 
one week to go  annoyed 
perseids  smile 
wdml 1-3 *shameless plug*
you must be the change you want to see in the world 
pointfesttt 
connor and i just give each other these looks as we listen to the ridiculous people behind us talking      wow
"no matter how old i get, dippin dots are still a delicacy "
just got handed pit tickets at pointfest   my head is spinning
is packing her life away     think connor <propmale> will fit in a suitcase?
last day at wmix  sad 
"destination: siu\eta: 10 a m  cst\oi "
is all settled into <propfemale>   feels like a real college kid    wink 
"is watching little miss sunshine, join us in kellogg 215  smile "
is going to roam around campus soon 
the <propfemale> marching salukis are playing lady gaga   this is my school 
"oh, i love college already "
i think i made it very clear to <propfirst> that he was not welcome at apples to apples night 
"has changed her <propmale> to caterpillar whispering, with a minor in salad "
first college class ever went well!
first bio lab wasn't nearly as bad as i had envisioned   i got to look at sea monkeys through a microscope    laugh 
"lol, some people just make me want to slam my head into a wall "
"a place of hope and no pain, perfect skies with no rain;  can leave this place but refrain, 'cause we've been waiting for you "
is playing games on addictinggames com in the dorm with <propfemale> <propmale> 
"5 monthsss, can't wait to see connor tomorroww    smile "
you can speak well if your tongue can deliver the message of your heart 
went to a cute little vegetarian cafe and studied for bio   i'm diggin' all the stuff cdale has to offer 
"welcome to the family, <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propmale> angus "
just picked up her <propmale> and is discovering all the wonders it has to offer 
is going to the first <propfemale> game in the new stadium   wooo
"enjoyed her first saluki football game as a student   they dominated in the brand new stadium   go, southern gooooo  smile "
"is in the <propmale> working mix 12-8, tune innnn"
connor and rice pudding     life is good 
"is sickly, but doesn't feel like walking to the student center for dayquil   someone overnight me some    playful "
"\thinking is an underrated art \"""""
is discussing my secret potato farm while drinking <propfemale>'s exotic tea 
"things i have learned in college annoyed 1  how to do laundry \2  how quickly fruit molds \3  that the majority of college students actually do have very few things on their minds "
12 and 13-year-olds accused of murder in texas     really?
is having far too much fun with the <propmale> photo booth 
"today is a day we pay respects to those who lost their lives in 9 11   it was a day that changed so much in <propfemale>   we must also be thankful for the men and women of service who risk their own lives every day to ensure our freedom   without them, we would not have the privilege of living in a beautiful, free country \never forget "
watching gaga bring home the bacon on the vmas!
kellogg super crew!
"lol, mv has turned into nazi germany   so glad i'm in the dirty <propfirst> "
literally has blisters from taking so many notes in lectures   yaaaaaay college 
"when i woke up, it felt as if my thumb and forefinger had been over a cheese grater   not sure what i'm dreaming about    "
just declared her specialization in radio audio production   thinking about a minor in public relations?  thoughts?
look for me tonight on kfvs 12 at 10 o'clock!   laugh 
"sociology is, how do you say, \shysting\"" me right now """
"is sooo glad the hard part of this day is over   nowww, it's relaxation time"
"how does \i'm going to bed on time tonight\"" always turn into the bleary-eyed climb to my bed in the wee hours of the morning?"""
"is about to watch connor get his tat, then salsa dancing tonight  wink "
"had a great day   mackie's, connor's tattoo, bubble tea, salsa dancing, seeing my lovely friend-forever <propfemale>, and creme brulee   much love to connor for making it all happen  smile "
"mmmmm, little children "
"hey, i just got status-raped   d:  don't go burning my lawn or anything "
bought her i  love  boobies bracelet   so excited!
who's to know if your soul will fade at all?
"just received a card from vz with a mv homecoming <propfemale> ballot, and someone actually voted for me   thanks for the vote, whoever you are, but i'm no longer an mv student    playful "
little known fact: papers don't write themselves 
"monster + gossip girl marathon = 5 a m  cinnamon buns \it just does, okay "
received a beautiful bouquet of tie-dye roses from a mr  connor <propmale> this morning   i looooooove him  smile 
"when you go to a nice restaurant, you don't e playful ect to get hit in the head with an unknown object by drunk guys   buuut it's okay, i let them know how i felt    smile "
"had a dream about el ranch cheese dip, and was very disappointed after waking up "
"bought buttered pretzels at walmart, forgot about said buttered pretzels, made my own day after rediscovering buttered pretzels "
xoxo     oatmeal girl 
"came a time when every <propfemale> fall brought you to tears again, we are the very hurt you sold   and what's the worst you take from every heart you break?"
a dream is a wish your heart makes    love 
just joined in a large group collaboration of bohemian rhapsody 
true strength is holding yourself together when everyone e playful ects you to fall apart 
has never been this excited for dining hall food     carnival night!
will be heading back to the <propmale> tomorrow for the mv homecoming game 
tune into mix94!
brother is coming back from iraq!  yaaaayyyyy!
shock me like an electric eel 
is heading back to mv to see the brother 
four exams between today and tomorrow   please send good energies     and cookies?
is going to see spring awakening 
<propfemale> <propmale> and i don't have any luck with hermit crabs     rip father <propfemale>   it was fun for the day that we had you 
cannot standddd stanky breath   ewww-uh
"just got back from buffalo wild wings with the brother   so nice to <propfemale> out with him for a bit, been too long "
"'cause we all need a reason, a reason just to stay   and some just can't be bothered to stick around another day "
"so, punnett squares, we meet again    "
is thinking about an english minor as opposed to pr   eh?
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer "
unofficial halloweeeen!
"place and time always on my mind, i have so much to say but you're so far away  "
thinking the tornado siren at 5 a m  was a drill = fail 
some people just fail to recognize when it's for the better 
"your whispers are priceless   your breath it is dear, so please stay near "
always knows when she's back in the <propmale>     just listen for those big trucks 
"had an awesome weekend   movie night, kickin' it at mix, chittyville, giant city     and now a stuffed crust cheese pizza from pizza hut "
we are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that death will tremble to take us 
"\i wish i had a boil   i hear those talk \"" - <propmale> bonngard"""
just completed a much-needed friend list cleanup 
"the years for which i once yearned, are now the ones falling farther away "
"dear weather,\i would really appreciate it if you will discontinue being so bipolar   it is really making apparel decisions difficult in the mornings   oh, and i'd like a pony for christmas \thanks, <propfemale>"
a huge thank you to all our veterans   this is your day    smile 
sometimes a voluntary four-day weekend is just what you need 
"\i will destroy it!\"""""
thinks her cousin <propfemale> stelte is gonna be the best momma ever   smile 
"we're the heart for the heartless, the thoughts for the thoughtless, the lies for the honest, we're the gods of the godless "
is heading back to mv for thanksgiving break tomorrow!
"at the mix 10-12, tune in!"
the bed intruder dude was just shown on tv because he's at the ufc fights   win 
it's a board op party at the mix!
"is soaking her phone in rice at the moment     please find an alternate means of communication  wink \having a blaaaaast with her best frriiieeend though!"
"phone situation has been fixed, but now i'm sick sick sick   hope i'm better for turkey day  sad "
"local artist <propmale> lograsso wrote an amazing song called \thank you tom\"" in memory of my dad   very heartwarming  smile """
"today, i'm thankful for all of my amazing friends and family, the men and women of our armed forces, and the freedom to live my life how i choose   happy thanksgiving to all of you who make every single day of my life special "
"has the steely <propfirst> song \black friday\"" stuck in her head """
dorm sweet dorm 
and yo booty got me lost like nemo  wink 
"it is now december, which means i can now allow myself to be put into the christmas spirit "
"<propfirst> <propfirst>'s, you got here in three minutes   i did, in fact, freak "
"break away, just when it seems so clear that it's over now, drink your big black cow, and get out of here  - sd"
trying to persuade me that global warming is an issue when the low for the night is 14     does not work 
"1043 - the number of facebook friends i have   i love all of you, no need to send me <propfirst> and clog up everyone's news feed    smile "
"first thought: snoooww!\second thought: crap   how am i getting back to carbondale  "
finals week: activate 
just creeped her own profile back to 2008 
is sad that she's missing the mix christmas party tonight     love you coworkers!
"two years now     missing you today and every day, daddy   your legacy shines on "
"it's christmas in hollywood, <propfemale>'s back up in the hood "
"\they looked at me as if i had lobsters crawling out of my ears \"""""
"you're my sunshine, and i want you to know that my feelings are true, i really love you   ah, you're my best friend "
"shopping show!  tune in for big savings, great music, and your <propmale> to win    wink "
"ringin' in the new year with a fever, but still so thankful for an amazing 2010   peace and blessings!   wink "
"don't you love when ignorant people try to insult you, and just end up looking ten times more ignorant?"
chicago bound!
is going to downtown chi-town today  smile 
had a really great mini chicago vacation 
"today is an e playful ensive day: towing fees and a starter switch for the car   oh, and a new mailbox, because the tow truck driver basically clobbered our existing one   playful "
"car is running again   i feel like a geezer when i say, \i have my mobility back!\"""""
"hello again, carbondale "
i'm kind of in love with toms of the petty sort 
"if my day was a children's book, it would be called \alicia's smoothie disaster \"""""
"has one avenged sevenfold pit ticket for next sunday, let me know if you're interested!"
"if i could pretend that an airplane in the night sky was like a shooting <propfemale>, i would probably wish that i didn't have so much work to do   but alas, i can't   because you can't wish on planes "
"ten months today, love you connor <propmale>  smile "
i think i should give a name to the alter-ego that comes out when i drive 
"hollywood undead, stone sour, avenged sevenfold     here i come!"
i'm going to fund my own tuition in parking tickets  
"the concert last night was amazing, i was happy to be the miniature girl in the pit singing alll the hollywood undead lyrics "
"just some advice     don't try to eat pizza when half of your mouth is numb   you will bite the crap out of your lip, it will still taste like pizza but it will hurt later   lots "
<propfemale>     ko by big toe
i like turtles  
"has anyone taken <propmale> 102 (intro to <propmale>osophy)?  i'm contemplating, but i'd love to hear from someone who's taken it "
black and yellow black and yellow black and yellow     voted most likely to get stuck in your head   all day 
"don't be a drag, just be a <propfemale> "
"\sometime f-word sound cute to me \"" - foreign linguistics lecturer"""
happy [undisclosed age] birthday to my momma!   love 
i wish my homework was lonely so it would do itself 
watched an episode of cupcake wars with connor <propmale> and couldn't resist stopping at <propfirst>'s house of cakes on the way back to carbondale    smile 
facebook is one of the only outlets in which speaking in the third person is still socially acceptable 
today was just a darn good day 
starbucks is playing steely <propfirst>   win  laugh 
normal-bound!  (not the level of sanity -- the central illinois city     sorry to disappoint)
can't wait to be done with class and celebrate my best friend's birthdayy!   smile 
"you were a child, crawling on your knees toward it   making momma so proud, but your voice is too loud "
just returned her absentee ballot   feeling like such an engaged citizen!
i thought little tattletales only existed in grade school    guess not
"me: i like kittens better when they're not dead \mom: they are more playful that way "
"game 4 of 4 of this very long, but very well spent work day   been here almost 10 hours, still counting   if you're interested in boys basketball state final action, tune it to q106 3   smile "
beware the ides of march 
good luck today psf!
it's a beautiful day in this neighborhood 
"my time at mvths may be done, but our community is in desperate need of a new school and, if voted through, would be an asset to the development of mt  <propfirst>   please, for the sake of future generations, vote yes on april 5 "
thanks to connor <propmale> for the best year ever  smile  i love you!
i would just really like some cake right about now 
it's friday     we so excited 
"a long day of radio today; board opped 8-10 a m  for smts on q106, and i've been covering final four on wmix am 940 since 2 p m   but i wouldn't trade this job for the worlddd   the spirit of radio lives in me  wink "
how low can i keep pretending to be?  that all the stars in the sky could mean something to me   heaven will open up if i live on my knees; a man of many words but a man of few deeds 
