c4b5c65b19433479bbfa19172128a758
finally saw casino royale and was very confused
uuuuughhhh
has decreased his stress by 37 5%
hates watching wheel of fortune with begona in the room
just watched fight club and is going to give sleep a second try
is packing
what is this rumor that the <propmale> of pop is dead? i'm still here 
found his slammer while packing  yes!
thinks kgb had their idea about 10 years too late
thinks he may have broken his foot
is driving to <propfirst>  if only there were a way one could propel themselves through the air at speeds higher than a conventional car can go   
drove 2500 <propmale> this weekend
is tirreeeedd
thinks it's time to restock (his body) with advil
is moving to texas on friday
"thinks it's sad and frightening when a tv network won't air a presidential speech because they think <propfemale>'s got talent will bring in better ratings   and they're right  \the only problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's m"""
is lucky he had a spare honda on the trip to <propfirst>  the transmission went out  i knew that car wouldn't make it!
is enjoying his new house even if though there's boxes everywhere and i'm pretty sure a tow truck driver stole our house key today 
is waiting for his rockstar to cool off in the freezer   poor planning on my part 
has already worked 3 days this week
why do crescent wrench makers insist on making the tip slightly smaller than the rest?!!
"saw deer, some bats and an armadillo tonight  time to set some traps "
wants to make more carribean jerk new york strip steaks  i just need to find another carribean jerk   
cooking crab legs for a late lunch
is so sore from the first p90x that he couldnt' sleep   
so freakin sore   
facebook's login <propfemale> is convinced that my preferred language is french
homemade lasagna time!
witnessed some blindly bright lightning last night
"turns out the spurge weeds in my yard have a chemical that's 10,000 to 100,000 times stronger than the checmical that makes peppers spicey and my finger tips are withering up   but so are the uprooted weeds behind my fence! suckers "
time for p90x day 2   take 2
is glad to have the day off caue the weekend would've felt way too short 
?))??? ?
facebook is dying
"is tired, and achey yet feeling energetic "
", after 5 years of analysis, has determined that <propfirst> mayer's heavier things is a great album "
"is bacheloring it up this weeked  current itenerary, eat junk food and watch brazil vs chile  next, whatever i feel like i wanna do, gosh"
today is the moment of truth: p90x or p2x 
frustrated w  work
started out the day by killing a scorpion in the kitchen 
dreamed that he tried to eat his dog in his sleep  stupid peta videos 
it's freezing outside! well   66
"is wondering how he ended up doing the biochemistry homework while begona is on facebook  on another note, i brushed my teeth with a 50 50 mixture of tooth paste and cologne last night   awful "
the nobel peace prize has lost all meaning
heard 2009 nobel physics prize will go to <propfirst> <propmale> for discovering the <propfemale> walk
"got kicked off the internet today so i mowed my \lawn\"" so that the dogs couldn't disappear in it anymore  it had to have been the source of at least half of the pollen currently floating around <propfirst> """
loves playing soccer!
has had his car at the mechanic 52 out of the last 90 days  i think it's actually been worked on about 6 of those days  time to <propfemale> some texan butt
dang that miley <propmale> and her catchy tunes!!! > surprise 
closet thing to taking heaven and stuffing it in your mouth: cheddarwurst     it's also the closet thing to stuffing a quadruple bypass in your mouth
what a bunch of idiots the people at fox are  where is house!
got a renter!
tacos  tacos are what's on my mind 
picked out all the good <propfemale> before all the kids started coming
thinks baby teeth are scary 
wishes z-tejas' food tasted a little better
still has a stomach ache from pop corn lastnight
has had a relentless need for sleep lately 
needs neighbors in farmville to e playful and his puny farm  sad  a little help?
is glad he guessed the correct order for the spark plug cables on his car's distributor 
"pilgrims   they struggled to grow food, many of them starved and or became ill over the winter in the new world  yet just prior to start of the next winter, they went and ate half of their food supply in a hasty celebration??"
"is so glad it's the week, <propmale>!"
traded the money disposer for a mazda 6!
laziness is my anti-fitness 
has rekindled his love for ramen 
"3 hours of sleep, then a 14 hour drive to stuffing my face    with stuffing "
double bowl of ramen!
"after 6 years, has finally finished figuring out the entire guitar part to when the water breaks by liquid tension e playful eriment!"
"hey mr  <propfirst>, whatcha gonna do? whatcha gonna do? make our dreams come true "
may have finally gotten the thermomostat dialed in to stop freezing me during the day and baking me at night 
"anyone want a very sweet, female, non-wrinkly shar pei pitbull mix? my friends have two young kids and are trying to find her a home just to play it extra safe "
can't wait to see his new puppy!
"has that heavy, fuzzy eyed feeling from looking at a monitor for 12+ hours   "
new official pet peeve: movies that end with a song and all of the actors dancing and showing how goofy and fun-loving they can be even though they're big and important!  indecision 
is officially on vacation
just spent about 5 hours trying to transfer my mom's calendar and contacts from palm desktop to her blackberry
wants to see avatar in 3d again!
"the 20\ crt tv isn't doing the playstation 3 justice"""
discovered a zillion white hairs last night 
thanks everyone for their birthday wishes
wants to hear avenged sevenfold cover the song from benji the hunted
is slightly disappointed at pandora's ability to learn me 
hey farmville neighbors  i could really use some white picket fences on my farm  thanks!
"in case anyone hasn't heard since they're not advertising it, boondock saints 2 came out a while back and is still in some theaters!"
hello fv neighbors  please send me white wash fences  i need a bunch! check my recent posts for bonuses and a black mystery egg 
i need whitewash fences please  thanks to those who have sent some!
reached the monthly hours limit on pandora   dangit!
why do garbage truck drivers have to wear neon jackets?
a door to door salesman just asked me if my mom or dad was home 
why does facebook look gay?
and begoña stevenson prepared 19 meals in 4 hours!
bored   and hungry
doesn't understand why google thinks google wave is so amazing  i can't even think of a use for it 
"i think there's going to be at least one season of lost after this one, who's w  me? there's just no way of knowing!"
"no, i was not the guy who crashed the plane into the irs building"
wireless devices make me wish i was born about a century later  they probably figure out how to make them work by then 
wireless devices make me wish i was born about a century later  they probably figure out how to make them work by then 
now effectively has 6 monitors
"washed the car in shorts on sunday, built a snowman today "
"the us beat canada in hockey for the first time in 50 years! and even more extraordinary, <propfemale> grace was doing a story on someone over the age of 10 last night!!"
is trying to convince begoña to grow me a ninja turtle at work 
"had a great weekend with begoña  got some sun, and got a bunch done  including installing a light bulb that's been out over the stairs since we moved in using a book, a case of rockstar and a ladder"
is now an eating machine
ohhhh <propmale> boyyyy   our home and native land
didn't get the memo that march had started   
thinks google remembered april fools day at about 11:45 last night 
is not ready for the weekend to end
thinks the second occurance of fantasie impromptu in lost's alternate timeline is interesting
orange dream machine time!
is working from the patio enjoying the beautiful weather
are leaves made out of wood?
got bribed into being a shopping assistant my jamba juice yet again
this <propfemale>'s smells like pirates of the caribbean
how can it be thursday already again??
new pet peeve: movies that start w  a cartoon sumary of the movie during the opening credits
how do you train a dog to stop peeing on his own paws?
is redoing our budget
"ravioli, hotwings and the suns game   too bad tivo tricked me into making my food an hour before the game"
"yes, pandora, i'm still listening after you've played 1 song and an ad   "
finally watching boondock saints ii
loves how iphone stops playing a song when i get out of the car and starts again when i get back in 
80° at 60% humidity is hot!
24 days till the world cup!
coolest google homepage ever
anyone else have an iphone ipod that stops charging at 97%?
thought the lost series finale was good and satisfying
what a team effort by the suns!
just scored himself 40 more hours of pandora for the month for freeeeeeeee
"hopes the word \flavor\"" is never used in it again"""
freakin suns giving me an adrenaline boost before bed!
thought i was eating the fuzziest peach ever but it was just covered in dog hair
grrrr   old guitar strings lasted me a year and a half  new guitar strings: 2 days > surprise 
got all my world cup games scheduled on the tivo! for the next two weeks at least 
lost my phone (due to some kind of anti gravity field) and had it returned by a neighbor before i realized it was gone 
wish i knew the uv index was 11+ yesterday before not wearing sunscreen
chopped a fly that's been in my house for 3 days in half with a sandle from 15 feet away
"is writing code to keep track of the fractions of a cent that get rounded off each transaction    at 7 11, you've taken a <propfemale> from the tray right? well we're talking just a fraction of that "
not sure why these horns are being characterized as this unique african tradition  i don't remember the last time i watched a game that didn't have them going 
has brick house with the wrong words stuck in my head
<propfemale>'s national anthem sounds very theatrical
"holy crap, u s  soccer team!"
a little disappointed in the wc officiating so far 
"oh good  the new iphone os takes away things i like about my phone  i love the iphone technology, but i might hate apple "
"no offense to those of you who like it, but yoga is so boring!"
wooooooooooo! go usa!
that kenako kid before the world cup matches creeps me out
if altidore makes any less an effort he'll be asleep 
"nice try <propmale>, almost had a goal"
just cut the cost of my airfare to phoenix by almost 50% by booking a flight to <propmale> instead!
can't even stand the sound of gilmore girls 
damn you kelis! get out of my head and take your milkshake with you!
"*world cup spoiler alert* don't know if ghana deserved a free kick, but either way, what a shameful way for uruguay to advance!"
dog nails bleed a lot when you clip them too short  wow   
weed wacker aka frog slayer  sad 
an ripper x: i hate it   but i hate it 
"world cup, pizza, and ps3"
farmvillers: i think maybe you don't have to have a million friends to e playful and to 26 x 26  i clicked buy before it finished loading and i e playful anded 
has gained 6 lbs in 10 days
downloaded 250 of my favorite new songs heard on pandora  there will be no getting bored on the way to and from colorado now!
just remembered tomorrow's not monday  sweet
goodbye for 4 years televised soccer
has a cartoon-like lump on his head
anyone know why my ps3 audio and video cuts out sporadically since changing to an hdmi cable?
you now have to have a prescpription for over the counter drugs to pay with an hsa  thanks obama
tired of broken foot! heal already   
has to wear an air cast for the next 8 weeks!  sad 
"yay, my aircast arrived! now i can stop wearing a snowboarding boot and look like a proper gimp "
physics people: would a fish in an aquarium in a fighter jet e playful erience the same g-forces as the pilot?
my e playful ectations were a little too high but inception was good!
uv light   my arch nemesis   we meet again
i'll miss you tivo
farmvillers: do the crafting building's eventually upgrade to more stars by making goods or do you have to pay coins or fv cash?
is so glad begoña's ok after getting run off the road by an 18 wheeler
is getting wailed on by lightning
"farmville neighbors: do the crafting building's (spa, winery, bakery) upgrade to more stars from making goods or is the only way by purchasing the upgrade?"
finished unpacking from the move!
still has nothing to say 
"is not a fan of the autin hot sauce festival  crowd, lines, sweat, germs, and nasty salsa "
happy 3 year anniversary begoña  i love you!
buying that pack of smoked jalapeño sausages might be the best decision i've ever made
6 hours of sleep on a holiday weekend   something is wrong here 
just got avatar on blu-ray!
i wonder if obama's infrastructure plan takes timing into consideration so all the projects don't get dead locked waiting on materials that can't be shipped 
"why, oh why did i commit to a rockstar hiatus?"
bummed  the doc said i can bet back in a shoe instead of the boot but still 3 weeks till i can do anything on it and 6 weeks till it's fully healed
seems to have an une playful lainable earthworm infestation in his office???
trying marinating chicken in liquid smoke and chipotle tobasco
boo babybel! whatever happened to mini gouda?
why have i never been on the team that wins their first game of the season in any sport? (and don't say cause i suck because i didn't even play the first game this time)
is pretty sure <propmale> ford and <propfirst> gere had a baby and named him <propmale> maher 
"hates paying 6% of his annual income to social \security\""  it's bs """
chillin on lake <propfirst>
has been reinstalling windows and other software all weekend  thumbs down
"we've been in <propfirst> a year now and so far begoña has almost been hit by a kamikaze pilot, and shot on campus  i don't think i like it here "
hates getting up before the sun
has been getting intense food cravings this week  first french bread pizza  now los favoritos  this one's going to be a problem 
"no, i don't want a car wash, gas pump!"
is loving his new office chair
"i think i just saw sting dressed like a bum  \\on another note, i can't believe companies are still using the ghostbusters song for commercials "
just saw my first firefly!
there is absolutely nowhere good to eat around here 
"just killed the mother of all spiders  literally  i dropped my sandal on it and 300 <propfemale> spiders went running out from under it like i swishes some kind of composite spider  well, back to hunting bait for my gecko trap   "
just came inches or less from getting t-boned on the way to the airport 
went to see <propfirst> roday and dulé hill live at a psych sneak peek but it was full  back to work     sad 
"if anyone's looking for a monitor, frys has a asus hd 24\ for $150 after a $20 rebate this weekend  best deal i've seen so far """
"long weekend, woo hoo!"
did anyone see sound garden on conan? awful!!!
has candle wax in his eye
my homemade greenhouse got up to 92 degrees today! that might have been too hot 
is hearing european sirens outside   
the farmville christmas gifts thing is lame this year!
still loves not having finals this time of year
sanity and genius are relative
hates disney
loves owning a piano!
ghost chili salsa batch 2 burns the flesh a little bit  trying to clear my sinuses   
it's almost free krispy kreme time!
it was colder in <propfirst> than iceland today  ice land!
obama reminded me how he pulled so many votes tonight 
likes the fog this morning
is annoyed by eating
it is easy to be closed-minded to the closed-minded 
time to throw back a mountain dew throwback
we had 2 days of 75 degree weather only to be followed up tomorrow by 9 degree weather  what the crap!
what a day   
sweet! it's supposed to hit freezing tomorrow 
<propmale>'s home and walking again!
"making a jalapeño, smoked cheddar, bacon burger  so much for healthy   "
"poll: if something offends someone else, is it wrong?"
"suspects the word \manager\"" is a fancy synonym for \""babysitter\"""""
"i keep having people drive up to my house, leaving flyers on the door, then driving away  they're not going to any of my neighbors' doors  is my house getting scoped out to be robbed?"
it's going to be a long week
another 6 5 earthquake in nagano & niigata  japan is taking a beating
"to anyone who has ever played farmville: if you played long enough to accumulate at least 25 farville cash, you can donate it to earthquake tsunami relief in japan (zynga will buy it from you)  i've been saving it up for over a year but jumped at the <propmale> to spend it on something real instead of an animation on a screen  if you have some left, put it to a good cause  just start up farmville and it should ask you "
"\who is justice beaver?\"""""
why can't that last 20 percent of a hamburger bun be cut in half?
well it's 11:51   i guess i should start thinking about dinner
is biting the bullet and taking the plunge to os 4
"south by southwest = 4000 bands i've never heard of  (e g  \what would gaga do?\"" and \""smoked-meat poutine - the montreal special sauce \"")"""
"i don't watch glee, but i hope they're not encouraging gweneth paltrow's \singing\"" career by letting her sing"""
what my burger is stuffed with is definitely not jalapeño  i guess i learned my lesson about stocking up on vegetables from a fast food salsa bar   
"begoña: \look at this guy\""\",c4b5c65b19433479bbfa19172128a758,awoke in the middle of the night to something that had crawled down my shirt biting or stinging me  bugs have really bad instincts 
i love <propfemale> when they're not playing the us!
"warning: this story may be considered to be tmi by some  \\i went to use the toilet and a dead scorpion fell into it off of me  holy crap!"
feeling the old man soreness after soccer
is feeling quite belligerent today 
is not a fan of the office 2010 look
"why does my insurance have a maximum they will pay after the deductable? doesn't that defeat the purpose? doesn't that make me their insurance?\\(i think this needs to be said like <propfirst> stossel)"
they should really stop printing credit card <propfirst> on the card
