d84c6ad446304461af3301a4a815ec77
"waiting 4 my birthday so i can\ leagally\"" drink"""
i wish my best friends were with me!
i love my best friends
overthinking 2 much
feeling like a ass cuse i was acting immature to some of the most imporant people in my life
i got a new friend!
working   sigh   
reaching 4 something that is out of reach
letting the false world dissolve itself
hate the song rude boy by rianna
wishing i knew more japenese!
wishing the world made sense
coming from church
why is everything i want out of reach?
hanging with my cuzs
"watching my cousin get her hair done and wondering\ how they do it?\"""""
im so hot and worn out
haning my my cuz <propfemale> at the new libary
at the libary doing my reserch
it now also time to make some changes in my life
the curse of the 7 deadly sins strikes again
do you belive if you have no goals you can't get dissapointed 
why is the just is treated unjust and the unjust get everything?
letting the false world dissolve itself
hanging with my cousin <propfemale> truitt-joyner in the library and writing my new story 
hanging with my cousin <propfemale> truitt-joyner at the library and take my anger in the bedroom wit my girl later!
damn! i miss my cousins
came back from bowling with my family and i had a blast!
doing nonthing    mostly
just came from six flags with my family hope i can go again next weekend!
going to six flags with my family today  i cant wait!
damn! it's hot as hell outside!
damn! it's so hot working while surrounded by metal!
i finally got peace of mind and a well deserved rest
"has anyone besides <propfemale> truitt-joyner or chaquana truitt  heard the house rule of \number line with uno?"""
i finally got internet in my house!
thanking my friends for saving my life and rekindling my passion
i'm tired of this life!
i will reshape my <propfemale> and  get the girl
tired of seeing all this injustice
damn <propfemale> is a bitch i seen her work   don't like it very much
im sooooooooo hungry!!!
im  starting the dude pocket fund at the low cost of a dollar each you can keep dude's pockets full!
i collected about 20 dollars thanks to the dude's pocket fund!
i'm at work  chillin'  doing absolutely nothing!
i failed my best friend for the last time iswear i will protect you forever
summer is almost finally over 
i'm now at the top of my game!
even though this world will fuck u over dont let that shatter ur dreams!
   and with the ring of he school <propfemale> summer finally comes to a close
is    and with the ring of the school <propfemale> summer finally comes to a close 
is    and with the ring of the school <propfemale> summer finally comes to a close
"if you think your perfect already, then you will never be!"
im so lost in this confusing world 
when you find someone worth protecting thats when you start living!
"to all u fake ass niggas know this, i'm indestructable!"
why is my heart so far out of reach?
happy birthday siedah!!!
"no matter how bright the <propfemale> may seem, eventually that light will go out leaving u in the darkness once more"
being me never felt so good!  smile 
i need a chill pill!
why is love bring people nothing but darkness and despair?
people are cruddy as shit stealing my money knowing i need it for my i d! if i find out who did it i will rasagan their life into oblivion!  believe it!
all is good   finally!
missin my mother like crazy! happy holidays!
im so bored! got a selrious case of the itis!
i got my game back!
hi fb fam i wishing all happpy holiday
why do the holidays brings out the worst in me?
freezing to death outside!
damn it cold outside! cant wait til my cuz come home tomorrow!
damn it's cold outside cant wait to drink some hot tea and relax 
why do people keep pushing my buttons? my guess is they want their ass whiped!
good night facebook 
to all my anime fans would you like it if your favorite anime characters would fight in a card game?
i am revived    finally!
the winds of change is brewing
go ravens!!!
looks like another thing fuckin me up thanks mother nature!
finding my way back to the lord
starting a new adventure    wish me luck
wow there goes my first snag in my adventure 
playing trouble
watching k-on!
i'm sick and pissed
man today was some bs but i wont let that stop me!
"finally some luck in my life,  texting an angel"
damn my luck sucks
i want to belive in god but my life wont let me    i need help  lol
in the waiting room at mercy with my aunt
taking my senond step futher in my life!
i wish true love exist
watching maury and damn this was shocking
want to release my anger   
<propfemale>    gone
my luck is at 150%!
got my first hangover    nice
happy birthday avy!!!
soooo bored!!
"sometimes it's good to forgive people, but sometimes revenge is sweet "
