635f55bf464a770d73bdee7357a9f456
"20 20 24 hours agoooo, i wanna be sedated!"
"you and i in a little toy shop, buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got set them free at the break of dawn'til one by one, they were gone back at base, bugs in the softwareflash the message, something's out there floating in the summer sky "
im bad for my health 
needs to recall the more significant things in life that made me want to become a rock god in the first place!
im so glad <propfirst> finally shot that bitch!
wants to watch little shop of horrors!
jacks the shit!
the final episode of lost is on my bday  awesome!
says anyone who likes lost should have their favorite character as their profile pic on sunday!
lost  sad 
"i got the most generic fortune in a cookie for my bday  \time heals all wounds \"""""
"when your young and your heart is an open book, say live and let live  but if this everchanging world in which we live in makes you give in and cry  say live and let die!"
hands up for frisbe golf!!!
lost finale recap check it out!
"soldier boy, made of <propmale>, now an empty shell! 21, only son, but he served us well! bred to kill, not to care, do just as we say! finished here, greetings death, he's yours to take away!"
whats with these homies dissing my girl? why do they gotta front?
watching rust in peace live!
"got the tickets to \the big four in theaters\"" so i don't give a f**k!"""
<propfirst> smash!
"i'm sorry, but does anyone know how a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?"
what do you get when you mix an owl with a bungie cord?           my ass! myeheheha
what do you mean i don't believe in god? i talk to him every day!
"just finished the storyline to red dead redemtion, epic and simple ending!"
i love watching the horrible quality videos of metallica songs when <propmale> was still with them!
"i really like the band nsync!\my favorite member is harpo!    i think there's a harpo? if not there should be!\i'll write their next hit maybe  a boomboom chikichiki boomboom, boom chiki chika chaka choochoo "
the universe and i have a long standing rivalry  (i think it's a few points ahead!)
"heh, i have a question for you too  why are you still here?"
"raped at bowling! yep broke 400    on 4 frames  but, iwon!"
"just got back from \the big four\""! it fucking \",635f55bf464a770d73bdee7357a9f456,i seem to be losing touch with reality! i don't know if that's a good or bad thing?
what is it that compels people to make others feel shitty about themselves? whatever happened to empathy and companionship? the moral fiber of society is washing away and no one seems to care enough to pull it out of the rain 
them white boys had me on <propfemale> meth!
misses high school!
"wouldnt it be nice if we were older? then we wouldnt have to wait so long  and wouldnt it be nice to live together, in the kind of world where we belong?"
my dreams are awesome! its like every night is a new fantasy world filled with adventure 
sweater weather!
check yourself for you wreck yourself!
<propmale> tonight!  smile  i hope he kills someone 
my <propmale> prediction    someone will die 
the goose is loose!
