f24cb4fbc0f958ea58f818a7b37c73da
your the one that makes me smile at sad times      but you're also the one who made the times bad     annoyed 
ah! that's bullshit! > surprise 
doesnt know what to right as her status   annoyed 
"\shes the girl with her middle finger in the air cause for the last time she dosent care\"""""
happy friday the 13th everybody!!!  laugh 
this is the most boring saturday ever  dx
"god, im so stupid dx"
is so f***ing jealous of her friends 
sad   sad 
getting happier  smile 
is anybody going to parkville days?
"you practice so you can be perfect    but nobody's perfect so why practice being perfect? \-tre' cool"
sometimes une playful ected things happen and you die 
i love you       love 
who all is going to the football game?! seriously 
who wants to <propfemale> out?????
omg green day           what have you done!?!?!?!?!? d':
"went to the store to buy makeup, and when i was checking out the lady asked me if was excited for halloween       sad  rude"
fml!!!!!!!! dx nobody should be this bored!
is going to <propfemale> today!  laugh 
"i don't need a friend like you, fake, that's what you are "
ugh                    if you didn't want to <propfemale> out why didn't you just say so? instead you got my hopes up and smashed them  thank you so much        
                 nothing to say about a good day  smile 
ugh                    dont know what to do today   annoyed 
no <propfemale> for me  i'm so f***ing cool aren't i??  annoyed 
"     i'm useless, but not for long        the future comin' on "
homecoming was okay   smile 
"mmmm  love  yay green day, music, matty <propfirst>, my best friends who get me: i love you all!"
uggghhhhhhhhhh! chat work!
"mmmm ? yay green day, music, matty <propfirst>, my best friends who get me: i love you all!"
happy birthday <propfirst> lennon   joyful   love 
got some new clothes     pretty friggen excited   smile 
you people make me feel so insignificant you know that? i thinks it's unhealthy to love them that much     :? <--- confused face
is grounded for being a bad person last week     annoyed 
has a question! who sounds like an adult over the telephone?
who's going to the football game????????
cant go to football game because she cant get a ride     gonna go cry now  d':
"had a good weekend, i think?  smile "
"why do nice pretty girls never get asked out, but fake ugly girls have boys all over them?  sad "
"why is she mad at me!?! i don't even know her that well! dx oh yeah, and the word of the day is ithuluu  smile  but why is she mad!?  annoyed "
told my two of best friends today that i was going to kill myself      they said they'd throw a party   annoyed   annoyed  really people?
partying with people tomarrow   playful 
"you eat,your fat  you don't eat your a freak you read, your a nerd, you don't read your stupid you wear makeup your a slag, you don't wear makeup, your ugly  don't you get it  we can never please anyone  ever  no matter how hard we try "
"the worst\ feeling you'll ever feel is sitting next to the person who means the \world to you, knowing that you mean nothing to them  sad "
should i dye my hair light black?  annoyed 
is going away for a while  stupid <propmale> home  crying 
"i got rejected thursday by a friend, my dad, and my family  crying "
i love you  love  you know who you are  wink 
happy birthday!!!!  laugh 
"im sorry  that's all i can say  you're awesome and don't you dare give a shit what any of them say, okay?"
"oh, my chemical romance, you always know what to say   smile   love "
"boy: hey\girl:  hey?\boy: whats wrong?\girl:    \boy: what?!?!? \girl: well   we used to be close  i liked you   then you went off with \that slut and now we never talk  so yes i am surprised you said hi  \wtf"
i love you motherf***ers   wink 
i only get one life  so why the fuck should i have to rush through every single day?  annoyed 
pokemon month?
today was my last day at parkhill ;~; now to fuckin staley       
"went to the staley dance yesterday  it was really great (dead), the music was awesome (no), and i just had the best time   (sigh) "
go packers!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh ddd
emos want love too   heart-broken 
"say it already  you hate me, you love me? idfk"
<propfemale> by my chemical romance  love 
i know i'm late but   happy valentines day   love 
"got my nails did, got my hair cut off, and i got that bitch to make me a sandwich  my life is pretty tank  lol"
things are looking up and down these days   heart-broken 
"always treats the ones you care about awesome, because that just might be the last time you see them "
im not a fuckin coon you bastards! > annoyed 
the one u just called stupid? she has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? she is abused enough at home  there's alot more to people than you think 
i laughed a lot today   smile  thanks people  lol
i went to <propmale> and camerons show         someone stole shit out of my car  t_t
new status  smile 
"alright everybody, i have a new number  smile ) here you go 8165218550"
