1bd0154bc5f1a7dec45480d016489d8e
is headed to lagoon tomorrow with my teenagers   i'm excited!
a very safe and happy fourth of july to all!!
"happy birthday, my mom!!"
i love saturdays with my husband!!!  getting off the computer so i can get back to enjoying it!
had to vote for our mayor yesterday     didn't want it to be my fault if super <propfemale> became mayor of saratoga springs   
well my work here is done     took a couple quizzes to relax and i'm off to bed   did i pull the car into the garage???
"everyone is having date night, but me   i'm having me night "
husband did the laundry this weekend     how cool is that?
feels like the weekend    but i have work tomorrow     i better go to bed 
heading to the exercise room    i can do this!
"i'm so sore today     workout is slower, but i'm still doing it!"
"this is one of the best years ever!!  loving husband, daughters doing so good making all of us proud   happy grandbabies     this is the life!!!"
almost forgot!  i gotta exercise tonight   my date with the elliptical machine 
lots and lots of new music!  <propfemale> and kenzie picked some good songs 
loved seeing  my tukker & maveryk!
what a very happy birthday i'm having!!!  thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!  putting carpet in the new bedroom in the basement today    then more finish work   painted until 1 surprise 0 am to make sure we were ready for the carpet installation today 
helping to assemble a closet organizer for <propfemale>'s room   it's almost done   
"if you are a wife, that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you, then repost this    'cuz *i* have the most wonderful husband in the world!! ~ i love him very much~ ü"
"if you believe your daughters are amongst the greatest blessings on the face of this earth, copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug! i ? my daughters!"
"i can tell you right where my focus has been    the dessert table   ughh!!! tie me to the treadmill and just leave me there, till i can behave               can you say \heavy with regret\""?!?"""
"we're all starin' at computers     ah    family time    (we are in the same room, anyway)"
a nice soak in a <propfemale> milk bath    just what i needed to help wash the sick off    hmmm  i'm thinking some sleepy time tea with <propfemale> for my throat    will someone make it for me?
i'm feeling much better   just in time for the weekend!
ok not going to finish this today      time to go home!!!
"looking for some music for the ipod    tomorrow i start the \couch to 5k\"" program   what we do for our sisters   """
i hit my target weight today!!! after 57 weeks     54 pounds gone!!!  food riddance!!
the couch to 5k week 1 workout is kicking my butt!  i did manage to run all the running intervals but the last one   i'm thinking next week will be week 1 again 
"under my desk, at work   "
friday???  where are you???
a quiet saturday morning    just the sound of the washing machine 
if you can't be a good  example ~ then you'll just have to be a horrible warning 
i spent almost the entire weekend in the kitchen    i made 4 different salsas   my favorite? mango chipotle!
"sun products is my favorite company! they awarded <propfemale> a merit scholarship to use towards her education at suu!!!  if they had a jingle, i'd be singing it!"
thanks for the anniversary wishes! 5 fabulous years!
it's ok not to have a status   
"i think i've made peace with the past, but why do i want to just avoid it????"
leap!!!      and the net will appear 
my back is achey and tired    maybe it's from all that hula-hoopin'??
hot bath    as soon as i can get the three teenagers out of my tub 
hiiiiiiii-ho! hi- ho!   it's back to work for a half-day and then i get to visit with my parents!
"remember back when facebook was teaching us about posting a status?  \i feel   \"" and you got to choose?  i just realized they quit doing that         or was that my space and i just quit doing that?"""
"if they have to grow up, i'm glad they all manage to do it with such beauty and class!  makes my heart happy  i love my girls!!"
today i begin three weeks with no sugar and no wheat   wish me luck!
i'm surprised i actually still like my morning steel cut oats now that there is only fresh fruit to sweeten it   i love my oats    but i wasn't looking forward to the prospect of bland oatmeal   yay!  i can do this 
ahhh!  weekend!  i am so glad you're here!
if it hurts when you do this     don't do it 
"monday, here i come!"
"\    and guess who won the $3000 spa get away package    guess!\""   \",1bd0154bc5f1a7dec45480d016489d8e,yay! plans to see the <propmale> <propfemale> tukker who is throwing a spectacular birthday event this evening   all the other princesses and princes will be there!  i can't wait to see them all decked out in their <propmale> gear!
i really enjoyed watching the granddaughters tonight   they loved <propfemale> amerah! - but what's not to love? she's very good with kids!  happy birthday tukker!
working hard to get <propfemale> <propfemale> vacuumed and dusted away so miss kenzie has an enjoyable week at the house 
inception     i want to see it but i wish it didn't take away from the time i have to get the housework done   when did i get to this place?  i used to look for any excuse not to do housework 
"lots of construcrion out my way, but they are getting it done fast! i'm excited!"
i'm so ready for sleep!
time goes by too fast! kiss your babies!  (no matter how old they are!)
"<propfemale>, kenzie and i are all getting haircuts  i love this back to school prep, especially when i get to participate "
reese's pieces    mmmm    smile 
"i don't think there's any retail therapy that's going to make it all better   guess i'll just have to focus on how proud i am that she's going to college, and less on how that means i won't see her everyday "
i don't think you could have packed any more stress into one day   (i waited until now to say it   i didn't want to issue a challenge to the universe or anything   )
thinks we should all take the afternoon off from our work and enjoy the day   can we have it declared a mandatory holiday?      before i get back to the plant?    please? someone?
your purpose is what you say it is  follow your bliss 
\first of all," nobody even knows what electricity is   \""  bob proctor - the secret\"1bd0154bc5f1a7dec45480d016489d8e,"ran 0 04 mi on 7 20 2010 at 4:41 pm\    http annoyed  go nike com 7egsvl3"
promises    promises 
i want my unwarranted optimism back    ~dilbert's manager
"\you've changed  you used to be much more    muchier  you've lost your muchness \"""""
the future is no place to place your better days 
"went camping in wyoming    i'm about 20 minutes away from my shower   though i think there's going to be alittle shower warfare   everyone has mentioned it,   except me    i'm a ninja "
"ran 0 14 mi on 9 3 2010 at 8:19 pm\    http annoyed  go nike com 082p3c2u"
"almost ready for my road-trip  laundry, dishes and music taken care of   now to pack some food    i just recovered from all the eating out from the last trip   playful "
two days of good food choices and exercise while traveling  much better than the last trip!
"hmmm  a bit disapponted in the swedish pancakes i had tonight  they were good, but not fabulous and if i eat that many calories    i want \fabulous\"";k"""
headed home from idaho   i missed husband and <propfemale>   can't wait for the end of the work day!
"ran 1 5 mi on 9 14 2010 at 8 surprise 3 pm\    http annoyed  go nike com 7fr84d4"
i need coffee!
<propfemale> and <propfirst>' casino birthday party was awesome!  i loved seeing everyone dressed up and having a good time   thanks to everyone who came and for making it so fun!
"i'm hoping it's all over in the morning  i mean, yes, i want to wake up, but when i do i don't want to feel like someone is wringing my insides out "
my sister <propfirst> said she got a <propfirst> <propmale> video    since i'm a <propmale> copycat when it comes to trying something that my sisters try     i had to get one   $10 and all you need is hand weights for her power circuit training video   highly recommend   it was hard but i can't wait to do it again!
not a fan of mornings   not even a little bit 
"the fight is won or lost far away from witnesses behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before i dance under those lights  --  muhammad <propfirst>, former american boxer and three-time world heavyweight champion"
sore muscles      laugh 
it's been 48 hours since my workout and i am still incredibly sore   does this mean i am incredibly out of shape???
i can move again!
i can feel the motivation kicking in!
today is the 5k for breast cancer   we're walking to save second base!
"ran 3 18 mi on 10 9 2010 at 9:29 am\    http annoyed  go nike com 03g1roq"
"<propfirst> and i are not eating out in restaurants at all through the end of the year   not even if it's not on our dime    \so when i travel    i'm packing food   and no more coffee out until cool beans opens up at thanksgiving point   (cuz we prepaid and it's way cheaper than starbucks )"
i've given you all plenty of time to come make me dinner     now i'm just gonna have to eat leftovers   wink 
"fake(+)(+)\ perfect(o)(o) perky ( wink ( wink  cold (^)(^) and even grandma's\\  \\  big ( o \)( o )or small ( )( ) save them all! repost forbreast cancer \awareness!!!!"
interesting the difference i noticed in the thoughts i had regarding the upcoming day monday versus friday this week   proves to me that we really do have a lot of say over how we e playful erience our life 
"perfect workout, right? thet are laying sod at the new park in the neighborhood   i'm gonna burn me some calories, for a good cause!"
don't you just love those times when everyone but you gets to buy something?
easing into monday    i like it 
good thing i don't have cable at home    haven't done anything else all night 
"i loved your beautiful face with your great big eyes and how contagious your smile was   i loved that you were always happy to see me  and recognized me even after many years    you were so little when we saw each other all the time    rest in peace, little girl  love and light to your family "
"love your mom  make her proud  take her advice about taking good care of yourself  hug her as often as you can  help her clean something  give her a kiss  be grateful you've got someone on your side    thank her \i love my mom!!"
where is that damn face cream that makes everything in the world seem allright again?!?
8 1 2 inches   sad 
8 1 2 inches   sad 
"back home after a work week away from home   didn't eat out at all!  <propfirst> is still on track, too!"
"i would like two more weekend days, please "
weigh-in today puts me exactly where i was a week ago   just think what could have been if i'd thrown some exercise in there!
a nap    that's what i need 
in bed before 11 on the most scary night of the year    well on the night before the most scary night of the year   smile 
"i was going to set the clocks back this morning, but am remembering now that we fall back in november "
"weighing in after my lindor's chocolate halloween, and it did go up a little, but not enough for the wii to ask the reason for my weight gain    woohoo!"
achy and my throat is starting to really hurt    i need chicken noodle soup for supper 
"opened all the windows in the house this afternoon, to let the house air out   don't want the \sick\"" getting stuck in here!"""
is thankful to have such positive influences in my life 
is thankful for medicine and my comfy bed 
thankful for improvement! i feel better and better!
i am thankful for my friend <propfemale>  happy birthday today!
what a fantabulous night!  had a great night with the family celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday!  so much fun and such good food!  we are all very lucky to have each other!
wanna race?  i'm going to sleep   smile 
"i am grateful for nieces and nephews, and for my \stepsister\""  of course  they warm my heart!"""
"let's see    i'm thankful for netflix and my $9 00 \cable\"" <propmale> """
is thankful to have the whole weekend in front of her!
hello my kitchen    i've missed you   i love the way clean and organized feels 
two more business trips this month  i'm ready to stay home for awhile!
"husband pointed out that my word of the year tradition does not make for a good goal      specific measurable, blah, blah, blah    lol   it's more of a theme than a goal    but shall consider getting goals defined to support my word of the year   next years word has come early!!  i'm so excited!"
"everything you want in life has a price connected to \it  \there's a price to pay if you want to make things better, a price to\ pay just for leaving things as they are, a price for everything "
"energizer <propfemale> arrested, charged with battery "
"<propmale> <propmale> said used car prices are at a record high, and if you can get 0 percent interest and an aggresively priced new vehicle, then it may actually be better to buy new "
time for a nap 
a very productive day!  i'm so proud of what we can accomplish!
"how do you tag someone in your status?  help me out, please!"
@<propfemale> barker is so cool! and pretty and sweet and helpful!     thanks tiff!
@ <propfemale> barker is a fabulous singer!
@ <propfemale> putnam is sick   feel better fast baby girl!
mmm    hot cocoa   smile 
yay for honest people!!
"day one of the three day audit   let's fast forward to wednesday night so i can sleep for 8 hours and go back home!  it's so early! \have a great day, everyone!"
i promised myself an early bedtime  g'night all!
umm no   i did not prepare food in advance    i'm eating out at restaurants and trying to make healthy choices and watch portions   i'm paying for it; i  swear my pants feel tighter after only two weeks   sad 
"let's just call it a night, shall we?"
goal!!!!  audit went great  smile 
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal is not to see a human face on facebook until monday december 6th  \join the fight against child abuse by copying to your status "
"papa, brainy, vanity, smurfette,     and who else?"
take my heart this christmas 
'it's as if they want to enjoy one more martini on the deck of the titanic '
0703  i love listening to your take on the world   i just wish i heard it more often   can't let a little thing like an 1 1 2 hours get in the way of seeing each other more often   we need to get creative and do stuff together; make it a priority to connect    even if we don't sell the house and move closer   wink   i'm so proud of the person and the mommy you are and the life decisions i see you making 
"666 amazing, beautiful, full of wisdom, compassionate, caring and so much fun!!  is there any positive quality that you don't have?  nope   anyone lucky enough to really know you is indeed lucky   my 666 <propfemale>  so glad you are mine!!"
ready at last!
friday??  cool! i deserve one of those 
anyone tried the miche bag?  how did you like it for organization?
christmas gift wrapping party at my house!  bring coffee and tape  hurry!!  smile 
all set for christmas   bring it!
<propfemale>
i've had a <propmale> crave for a tuna fish sandwich for about 3 weeks now and haven't had the stuff to make it   just finished up at the grocery store;  tonight is the night!
"snow day, everyone   stay home      you are welcome "
"awww, little girl chimps play \dolly\"" with sticks until they grow up and have babies of their own!"""
i think we got 9inches of snow last night 
"love you my, daughters!!  <propfemale> christmas!!"
"<propfemale>'s flight was delayed, so i am pretending that i'm one of those people that get to use starbucks as their office    another hour is all and she'll be here, i hope   kinda thought this might happen with the storm "
there is a 'no idle' policy at the 'park n wait' area at the airport 
my word of the year for 2011: **connect**
<propfirst> is having some of the hardware removed from his ankle this morning   he'll be happy not to have those two uncomfortable  screws pushing out against his skin 
just finished a wonderful meal at the melting pot!  happy 18th birthday kenzie!
my nephew is wrestling in heber tomorrow   i think he's gonna wrestle in the olympics when he gets old enough  seriously   the kid is good!!
"i get to see <propfirst>, ej, <propmale> and <propfemale> today!!"
i get my table today 
"i love my new table!!  thanks, mom, dad, <propfemale> <propfirst>!!"
"winter break is over     love ya <propfemale>, have another great semester at college!!"
our cat doesn't like change     the table is not well received 
<propfemale> <propfemale> likes zen flute music   smile 
dinner is nearly done! (and i didn't have todo a thing!!)  i love my husband   laugh 
hmm   trying to adjust plans for the day around a time change in the bountiful baskets food coop pick up    anyone want to drive to saratoga springs to pick up a mix of veggies and fruits?
"thank you for the birthday wishes, everyone!  i feel so loved!  smile  "
weather in the 50's  and sunshine   best birthday weather ever!  cedar city weather was awesome!
"i had a very nice birthday   thanks for the birthday calls and wishes! thank you, husband,  you are the best!  yummy dinner and fun overnight  road trip!"
"wow, provo to lehi is a terrible commute at night   i wonder if it's always like this with the roadwork or if this is just a special day?"
"yay <propfirst>!!!  way to go, brother!!"
"i love you, my family!"
my house was visited by the cleaning fairies today   i came home to peace and serenity   i love you fairies!!
<propfemale>!!!  i need you to set that 15 minute timer   as soon as you do    i'm gonna get so much done   wink 
stupid hairnets    ugh
blissful dreams! night all!
a haircut and a color for me? we shall see 
what a very nice surprise!    <propfemale>!!
"still on their records despite the letter to the first presidency years ago    \it's one of those clubs that is really hard to get out of \"" """
the power is out at our house   i thought it was quiet without tv    this is quiet 
is glad the power is back on!
poor guy!  two root canals in two days  <propfirst> is so sick of surgery!  can't say i blame him a bit!
it doesn't matter where you are in life ~ it's who you have beside you 
"i am getting ever so organized    slowly, but it's happening!  laugh "
<propfemale> is still swollen from her wisdom teeth surgery on tuesday   we are staying on top of the medication yesterday and today so she's having less pain now   this momma is sure enjoying her time with her   she'll be feeling better soon though and will have lots of places to go and people to see   but for now    she's all mine    smile 
anyone use a 'tickler' file and like it?
i feel more fit already! <propfirst> and i signed up for a gym!  smile 
"spent a really great night watching the tourist with husband   i just love him, (my husband)   <propfirst>'s great but he's no <propfirst>!"
"hello, clean organized office!  hello alphabetized, labeled reference files   hello nearly empty e-mail in box   hello monday!  i have one more week to throw at getting it all set up and then the focus shifts on to other things "
<propfirst> and i made it to the gym 5 times last week! go us!
wish i was home with my <propfemale>   i feel icky today       sad 
