8d9ad3cb23277d1f1411c0bcf42f365a
"xmas vacation is over 2morrow, wwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa   crying "
"its off 2 the beach in like, a half hour, fun fun  smile "
"im kinda disappointed, ive been looking forward 2 transformers: revenge of the fallen for awhile, it came out 2day & got 1 <propfemale>, which meens the movie was terrible"
"just got back from laser tag (rank 1 baby woo hoo!) and ice cream, now im gonna relax & watch a movie"
"watched tv for awhile, gonna go 2 bed soon"
its a lazy monday evening  playful 
yay friday
"going to my friends pool soon, then idk"
"summers almost over, aaaaaahhhh! d:"
"have 2 leave for band camp uuuuuhhhhg, see u all after 10 happy hours : {"
"is sick, so no school 2morrow yay! i meen, awwwww"
"just got a whole portion of his college project done this morning, yay!  laugh "
i might get xbox live 2day  laugh 
goin 2 new york 2morrow= no homework!
"twas a fun field trip, time for movies, pizza & ice cream  laugh "
school 2morrow        i wish there wasnt
happy friday!
"working on poetry project, uuuuuuuuhhhggg"
"scratch my last post, i looked on the weather website & it said its gonna be partly cloudy & no rain for halloween!  laugh "
i dont have 2 go 2 school 2day!!  laugh 
2days gonna be a lazy lazy day   
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyy!!!!! friday!!  laugh 
deathnote fans watch the vid on my <propfemale>
just saw the ending of deathnote          speachless           got a bit teary-eyed
"monday 2morrow, uuuuuhhhhhhhg"
"only a 2 1 2 day school week, yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay  laugh "
"thanksgiving break is here, woo hoo!!  laugh "
happy thanksgiving!  laugh 
i love thanksgiving dinner  smile 
i hate homework
christmas is 25 days away!!!  laugh 
weekend is here yipee!  laugh 
"there mite be a delay (or even better no school) 2morrow, go snow!  laugh "
happy snowday!!!  laugh   laugh 
"in tsukuyomi, time and space, even physical mass, i control them all "
only 5 days till christmas!!! and over a foot of snow 2nite  laugh  what could be better
sunday
3 days till christmas!!  laugh   laugh 
2 days till christ mas!   laugh 
1 day till christmas!!!
happy christmas <propfemale> evry1!!!  laugh 
no 1 has commented on my hilariously funny profile pic yet? wow
<propfemale> day-before xmas everyone!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas!!  laugh 
day after xmas  sad  and  playful 
halfway through xmas vacation d:
happy new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ry1!
"well, so long 2010  hello 2011!"
"well, today is the last day of christmas vacation  this does not please me "
"day off 2morrow, yay!!  smile "
"uuuhhg, sick  playful "
school
"school, thats whats happening"
all a's & 1 b for my report card!!!  laugh 
stuff
weekends over  playful 
school & stuff
"saw <propfemale> in wonderland, it was ok, i wish they did it about the book & not this weird future battle thing  <propfemale> (the actress was great) & the cheshire cat (gotta love that grin  laugh ) were the best "
blah
"we have 4 repeat 4 projects in school going, 1 for the marking period, another for spanish, another for english & yet another one for science  all are worth test grades  whywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy! we hav lives u know"
weekends rule  smile  (except when u hav 2 work an a stupid project)
"this isn't an argument its just contridiction! no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is  no it isnt  yes it is no it isnt  yes it is! look, an argument is several opinions backed up by facts & evidence, contridiction is just the immidiate yes or no to what the other person says! no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is!"
only 1 more week till vacation!  laugh 
im tired
just got a haircut (which is less then satisfactory)
vacation is hear  laugh 
"blech, the week is here  playful "
"back from <propfemale> trip, it was fun+exausting+catching a cold=a very fatigued paolo"
"uuuuhhhg, sick  playful "
weekend's here  laugh 
"well, my 3 years at hmms, and my time as an 8th grader are coming to a close, & next year ill be leaving behind most of my friends in high school, & then after that, college  its kinda creepy to think about, but life goes on, and thats whats on my mind right now, and im telling u because facebook told me so "
my birthday is tomorrow  laugh 
"i sincerely thank you all  laugh  u've all made my b-day that much better, u all rock & i promise ill be there for all of ur birthdays  smile "
its              very                 hot                  
yes its not hot anymore
"weekends here, yay"
going 2 dc tomorrow  laugh 
"weekends here, yay"
"ok, my final 2 enemies are right in front of me, my english project and my portfolio project  i shall slay them tonight, and then i can can finally breath easily"
my projects are beaten and over!!  laugh 
"well, i just had my last concert at hmms, its pretty sad that ill never have another one at hmms, but im looking forward to a good band future  ill miss all of my band-buddies andmy teachers (even ms  pike, lol)"
"dinner dance was fun last night, (most) people looked fantastic, the music was ok (they had dumb rap blaring the whole time), but it was entertaining none the less"
"last full week of normal classes, yay!  laugh "
weekends here yay!  laugh 
"another award ceremony tonight, i received an honor roll award, and an 8th grade encore award, i shall through them onto the pile  smile "
"high meadow was pretty fun today, a bit less fun then i thought it'd be but still, fun"
my last weekend at hmms is here    
"this is a great tidbit of philosophy i found in <propfemale> wars (because i have alot of time and i've devoted some of it to this), this is the sith code, it reads annoyed \peace is a lie, there is only passion \through passion, i gain strength \through strength, i gain power \through power, i gain victory \through victory, my chains are broken \the force shall free me \\comment and offer thoughts"
"summer's pretty cool so far, not very eventful though"
"shipping off to massachusetts in a few hours, cant wait  smile "
air conditioners are going in tonight  laugh 
summer is here
"going to a 4th of july picnic soon, should be fun"
today is supposed to be hot (tempurature wise)
its hard to believe summers already almost half over
this heat wave is finally starting to break
"well, i'm heading off to my long awaited week long vacation, i'll be back next sunday"
im on vacation & its cool
"i'm back from my vacation, i'm happy and sad"
"ahh friday, the best day of the week (in summer and during school)"
"ahh saturday, the second best day of the week (in summer and during school)"
"monday, yipee"
"only twenty-nine days of summer left, eek"
\   and those who have heard of it," dare not speak its name \""\" laugh 9ad3cb23277d1f1411c0bcf42f365a,one word describes high school band camp: exausting
weekend is here
"ahhh the rain, its very relaxing"
"i have band camp from 2 surprise 0 pm to 9 surprise 0 pm today, its going to be a long afternoon evening"
band camp 2010 is over
only 1 day (not counting today) until school starts  sad 
"well, summer (vacation) comes to a close today for me, it was fun, it was boring, it was good, it was bad, and many other things  tomorrow i begin my career as a high school student"
"first day of school was good and bad, for varied reasons"
2nd day of school was better than the 1st
it is hot outside
"hurricane is coming tomorrow finally this heat wave is supposed to break, and, in case you didnt know, hurricanes are quite hazardous  hazardous is not good for school (hint hint)"
"the weather men are liers, where is this so called \big hurricane\"" huh?"""
"weekend is here, yay"
"weekend's almost over, waaaaaa"
"hurray for this short week (except for the fact that i confuse monday with tuesday, etc ) and hopefully this god-aweful heat will break soon"
t g i f 
"i think i'm getting sick (that or my allergies are really acting up), anyhow, happy saturday everyone"
"it's hard to believe 9 years ago today, we were attacked by terrorists and started this long, grueling conflict in the middle east, i salute those who lost there lives today and the past 9 years to this bloody guerilla war"
sunday
"i'm definitely sick, and it's unfortunately making this grey, cloudy sunday even grey-er and cloudy-er"
"i am overcoming my cold, yay for being able to breath through my nose"
"tomorrow is going to be a long day, ive got my 1st band football game, and hw will be a bit on the heavy side    "
"i just got through my first band football game, it was exhausting, but very fun  the stinking rain wasnt very helpful"
"t g i f, woo hoo!!!!"
happy saturday everyone
halo: reach can be described in 2 words-totally epic
"these weeks fly by so fast, it seems like yesterday was monday, but friday is still a welcome day of the week  smile "
"just got through my first home-band-football game  it was totally awesome, but exhausting, and i was sweating buckets  i am going to shower, rest, and relax "
"sunday is always depressing, being the last day of the weekend"
"ct science center was interesting, boring sometimes but fun other times"
"uhhgg, the exhaustion of band, school, etc  is starting to catch up to me, i feel tired, & there are things in my life right now that i'm lacking    "
yipee for the weekend
"another school week, it seems like they never end"
"thank you <propfirst> <propmale>, (aside from murdering all of those indians) for giving us a much needed three day weekend  laugh "
we are just two weeks away from one of my favorite holidays
thank god its friday
"i have a lab report & math worksheets to do on a sunday afternoon, not a good combination  sad "
happy halloween everybody
"thank you new britain for making nbhs a place where people vote, and giving us a day off"
"new wallpaper is being put up, my house smells like paint  playful "
"today i honor all of the people who have fought for, and those who have died for our country  may those who've survived live a long and happy life, and those who didn't rest in peace "
"my last home game was awesome, the band sounded fantastic, we had a great time, and the football team actually came close to winning! (of course we would have won if not for one stupid football player's screw up)  basically, the whole ordeal was great "
playing paper <propfirst> & relaxing on a saturday afternoon
i havent been feeling well today and im feeling worse now  i may call in sick tomorrow
"i saw <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 last night, and, i can happily say, it's one of the best movies ive seen in awhile (but i do not recommend children under 10 going to see it, it's very, very dark) "
thanksgiving week is upon us  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"the countdown to christmas has officially begun! 24 days to christmas <propfemale>, and 25 days to christmas day, i cant wait "
"according to my friends, it is pokemon month  so then i will celebrate it with the best pokemon ever: darkrai"
it was snowing today!
my cold i had last month has returned worse then before  i cant breath through my nose 
"my cold will not quite and is making my day miserable, oh woe is me"
"why must the weather taunt us? itll give us freezing tempuratures, but itll be dry, or warm days but itll rain  i want snow!"
it's snowing!
"i had my winter concert this evening, and we sounded great"
let the christmas vacation begin!
it's christmas <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas to all! and to all a good night!
"finally, now this is snow!"
"i'm bored, and hungry  at least it's friday "
"at my cousin's house, on the computer, while my cousins are killing eachother around me  ahh family"
"today i engage my friends in an epic game of axis & allies: global 1940  i shall guide the wehrmacht to victory, as the <propmale> high command could not do before me  seig heil!"
"oh weather, we of nbhs do not want to take our long, exhausting mid-terms tomorrow  so please, snow snow snow "
"on the <propfemale> of mid-term week, a bored feeling hits me "
"preparing for my much-dreaded geometry exam tomorrow (unless the weather blesses us with a snow day)  my question is, why is there so much to remember (the stuff i need is hard to fit on one cheat sheet)"
"man this winter is relentless  last year we had, 3 snowdays over the course of a few months, this year we've had 5 in under a month  it's crazy"
just got a brand new phone  its a dramatic improvement over my old lg shine 
"well, the packers won the super bowl  i was rooting for the steelers, but it was a good game in general "
"i have to say, the funniest commercial during the super bowl was the one with ozzy osbourne and <propfirst> bieber \some official person says \its an 8 to 5g network\"""," and ozzy is like \""how many bloody g's are there!\""\" laugh 9ad3cb23277d1f1411c0bcf42f365a,only 73 hours and 45 minutes until florida!
disney is tomorrow
-4 hours to disney!
"disney was absolutely, positively awesome  however awesome it was though, im glad to be back home in my own warm, soft bed and a more private bathroom  to all who havent been to disney, go  to all who have, i know what you mean now "
"the rain makes bus rides very wet  of course on the day that its pouring rain the bus isnt where it normally is, so i have to look for it, and finally when i get on, im sitting under the leaking-roof-trap-door  i looked like i jumped in a pool when i got home "
"i spent my saturday evening solving crisis and fixing legos  not the most exciting saturday night of my my life but, ehh "
"the capt test is screwing with my schedule for the next week, should be interesting  thankfully not too much hw tonight, and today was quite warm, spring is on the way (-:"
t g i f
my nasty sinus infection has returned  calling in sick tomorrow  and i cant breath through my nose 
"this week went by pretty fast, with capt and everything  it felt like last friday was 2 days ago, but i'll always be ready for another friday!"
"st  <propfirst>'s day parade was really, really fun  and performing in it was even better  people do the weirdest things when theyre drunk though   "
"i've transitioned from wearing a thick winter coat to a autumn jacket, spring is not far away! (-:"
"top o' the mornin' to ye, tis st  patricks day!"
spring begins today! we are therefore one season closer to summer (-:
"the weather needs to make up its mind  i mean, a week ago it was 70 degrees and nice, then it was freezing cold, then warm again, and it snowed last night  now the snow is gone and its nice out  seriously is it winter or spring?"
"just got a hair cut  its still long, its not drastically different, but it is different  ad it looks waaayy better "
"the weekend is here, ive got no hw, and the weather is supposed to be 60 degrees and <propfemale>  i couldnt be happier  smile "
we are officially half-a-schoolweek closer to the wekend
"watched \ben-hur\"" with very funny friends tonight in honor of easter  does charlton heston do anything other then religious movies?"""
"one more week till vacation and 2 more weeks to my birthday  the stars must have aligned this year, my birthday is during vacation and on a friday "
"my parakeet <propfemale>, whom ive had since i was 6, is going in for surgery tomorrow  i love her, and hope with all my heart that she comes out of it ok   crying "
<propfemale> is alive! <propfemale> is alive! no more tumor!  laugh 
"i love the rain, its nice, relaxing, and calm  i only hate it when im out in it "
spring break 2011 is here!  laugh 
just ended an awesome party with indiana jones: the last crusade  i think ill pack it in for the night
"darn i have to get up for school tomorrow, oh right, im on vacation!  laugh "
"been playing call of duty: world at war  berlin, germany in april may 1945 was not a very nice place to be "
"thank you to everyone who said happy birthday, it made my birthday all the better  smile "
happy easter everyone!
"just got back from church, im happy to say the weather has improved"
"it is getting almost uncomfortably hot outside, summer may not be so far away"
its friday! (and please no one start singing that song)
"<propfemale>' me tell you <propfemale>' evil scheme\i'm gon' enslave your minds with a predictab<propfemale> melody\an uncomplicated rhyme, but if i asked you to\you'd even change your name to amy\'cause your all, gonna yodelodelodelobey me\\ahh doofenshmirtz  smile "
wow    osama bin laden is dead
"just beat mass effect 2, shepard ftw!!"
"happy <propfemale> wars day everyone, may the 4th be with you  wink "
