9fe6f991ed1d677a1651524b84bdc2c3
i've decided to pursue a career as a font consultant 
i has gots a box of 64 crayola crayons at mah house!!!
"then, kangaroos appeared in greece during the peloponnesian wars due to a time space continuum vortex, fueled by hitlers rage before the discovery of austrailia by the aboriginees "
lol somebody just asked how large the 8-inch sandwich is
caerula equus canit 
"yay for the fall of rome, meaning thank god i don't have to learn about those byzantine art-fail freaks any more "
i'm going to paint something!
"why are there so many gothic cathedrals, and why do they all look so similar?"
is the shoe guy awesome or what
"oh golly gee! we need some flying buttresses, right here! and here! and over there! yeahh!"
relax  take a deep breath  i have the answers you seek 
omg my brother and i are totally having a slumber partyyy
 crying  just lost one of my most favoritest prettifulest most beautiful little green and blue butterfly earring down the stupid sink!  crying  my life will never be the same 
"so help me god, yellow eyes!"
why the eff did leonardio dicapro have to die? titanic is officially ranked #1 on my list of movies that make you wanna be sad for a long time 
was shreddin the gnar down some double black diamonds at granite peak with her home dogs
what happens if you drop a pen on the <propfemale>?
my goal is to finish reading the last 9234982374293847293478234789 pages of walden before five thirty tomorrow morning 
why is a persuasive essay a required part of english class? do they want us to be biased? what's wrong with understanding both sides of stuff  sad 
black  some white 
"i used to think that my life would be good, and i would do things that i thought that i should, and no one's gonna tear me down"
"yay for sleeping in, getting b's on tests i never studied for, throwing with porcelain, and learning about awesome people like michelangelo and the amazing <propmale> they made  today was a good day "
u s  history does nothing for me except make me ashamed that i'm white 
mullet tiem!
mr vu = the antichrist  fml 
"no, mr hammon, today was not a challenge  today was a lot of 'i do not remember this' moments "
hearing the smartest kid in the class complain that they probably failed that test is almost as annoying as hearing the skinny kid complain about how fat they are 
wood comes from wood trees
monopoly party tiem!!!!!!
wow! oscillation! wow!!!!!!
feels defeated  but will not give up 
"i think that the badger <propmale> teachers have made a poor decision   a very, very, poor decision "
"spent half an hour today trying to remember the name of the degas painting of the woman before a mirror   who would have guessed, the name of the painting is 'woman before the mirror '"
"totally lmaoed at the complete works of <propfirst> shakespeare, twas awesome indeed, everyone should go see it tomorrow, and i'm most def going again "
probably should go get started on my sculpture    for the eighth time    
is sooooo nervous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"anyone who's a total bamf and has $415 and nothing to do this summer, contact me now "
"is going to <propfemale> for visual arts classic state competition on april 9th, along with some of her ba homedogs  laugh "
shut your <propfemale> hole
"wants a reason, but can't find a rhyme"
there are about 25 calories in a banana peel
"if i didn't have to sleep to function properly, my homework dilemma would pretty much be solved "
"omg! is rly excited! still needs to get the homework done, but uber excited!"
"was reminded, today, that the process is more important than the final outcome, because even after the goal is acheived, the product may become broken, outdated, or disliked   what stays with you is the personal memory of having done, created, or envisioned something meaningful to yourself  smile "
connected with her ethnic background by learning polka!!!!
is going to the <propmale> institute of chicago on wednesday!!! omgomgogmogmogmogmgomgogmogmogmomg!!!!!!!!!! o m g!!!!!!!!!!
"cannot step twice in the same stream, and, according to heraclitus, neither can you!"
could have spent 8923473894 more hours at the <propmale> institue of chicago
fml
what's a possible rational zero? why am i listing them? what is a function!? ahh!!!!!!!!!!1
what is a quadratic form!?!?!?!?!?
apparently does not walk like a decent human being    annoyed 
is ohh so happy 
got a phone call from the military     and told those bitches 'no' in the rudest way possible
knows the heart of life is good
"is going to the beach tomorrow, so it better not rain!"
summer tiiiiime and the livin's easyyy
's internet totally sucks!
the bourgeosie has signed the war decree with proletariat blood
passed her permit test  smile 
va a chicago con su amiga <propfirst> mcdonough manana!
"said, how bout a revolution?  and he said right "
has a big hunch that the world is a big lie
i am a duck   qwack qwack   feed me cookies 
my favourite music genre is west coast polka 
isn't going to be making any more sandwiches for awhile   
is filing for unemployment lol
had fun at summerfest last night  laugh 
"love is not a victory march, it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah"
"feels like knowing what time it is is weird   it's so mechanical and impersonal   just watching the sun set, and then going to sleep sounds like a good plan   '9:23 pm' will not dictate my course of action! it will not! ahhhh!"
the hills animate with the euphonious symphonies of descant!
"ain't got no quarrels with god, ain't got no time to grow old"
took a 21 mile walk with berin kamm
jumping off of a boat into <propfemale> lake is e playful onentially more fun than walking around it 
has lost the ability to draw 
"\nothing will benefit human health and increase the chances for survival of life on earth as much as the evolution to a vegetarian diet \""  -- <propfirst> eistein  love """
almost wrote '<propfirst> <propmale>' in her senior project proposal    it's been awhile since physics class    lol
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
doesn't care which graph best represents y=-h(x) 
enjoys watching the ceiling change colors
badger is full of little freshmans right now   muahaha
is verrrrry very very unsure of this ap studio situation   
who has first hour with hammon?
stupid ppl who think like opf should like stfu or i'm gonna like ftfo
feels like every thursday night for the rest of the year is going to be a sketch-a-thon    
's phone got washed
"if the fetus you save is gay, will you still fight to protect it's rights?"
<propfirst> locke plagiarized pericles
so much to do    so much time    so little motivation    
has successfully converted her parents into fans of rise against 
going to milwaukee
saw a double rainbow today!  it was almost a triple rainbow!  and it went all the way across the sky!!!1
just actually cooked food    and it turned out okay
"\you have your internet!\""  --<propfirst> """
yayy late start  love 
somebody tell me what to do for my self portrait
wanna touch the sky unleash control wanna feel time travel real through my soul
omg i have a new little baby cousin  laugh 
too    much    <propmale>     crying 
"under everything, just another human being   "
applied to uw milwaukee
had fun raking leaves with <propfirst> mcdonough and <propfirst> smith =p
"is helping <propfemale> sobieski modrak distinguish the differences of geography, geology, and geometry "
listening to <propfirst> modrak talk to starcraft
whoever buys me ice cream and brings it over here wins 
"\most definitely long \"" -- <propmale> nyback"""
"\wallace is his older thats his brother \""  -- <propmale> nyback"""
"\alas \""  -- <propmale> nyback"""
will not be resigned to a life of quiet desperation 
"is thinking about taking the ap <propmale> history exam again, this spring   "
corrected mistakes in a world full of hate never changes anything 
"teaching her mom the difference between \sediment\"" and \""sentiment \"""""
pierogi 
"\wait! do i hear the unicorns?!\"" -- <propfirst> mcdonough"""
"\reepersahh ce\"" -- me """
"\i'm starting to think you have a foot fetish!\"" -- <propfirst> mcdonough"""
on her brothers ipad yay
"thank you, <propfirst> aunt-jemima kirykowicz , for the best advice ever "
woke up a bit late for going to school   oh well the concert was fun last night  laugh 
"was unaware, until now, that today was cezanne's 172nd birthday   google is awesome for acknowledging this important day in history "
"my mom bought a tea kettle, and it whistles!"
is watching once upon a time in the west with her dad  smile 
"is going to <propfemale> with the vac team, because we won first place at the <propmale> history quiz bowl today!  congratulations to all of us, we rock  laugh "
is moving out sooner than she thought 
god hates figs   true story   i read about it in <propfirst> 11:12-14 
"surely, all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds "
