9766b99dc264fff3918f28fdc71611ee
so last night was    interesting 
claires pictures of greece really make me want to go there again! soon  haha 
i really didn't need this right now 
i need some coffee! i'm exhausted
does not feel so great today 
excited today   smile 
was determined to get things done today and what do you know    company  lots of company  grr   annoyed 
i don't even know what to say right now 
we are going tubing down the colorado on friday and possibly tomorrow too! who wants to come?
has a lot to think about    ugh 
<propfemale> we are going tubing today    anyone want to come? we're leaving at 12    call me if you'd like to go
tubing anyone?
wishing i was somewhere else 
taking my neice swimming!  smile 
happy!  smile 
i love having the house to myself   laugh 
o k  seriously    isn't it supposed to be summer? why is there cloud coverage everyday and why am i cold right now?
doesn't feel like doing anything tonight 
??????? ??? ???? ????????? ?? ????? ???????  ?? ?????? ??? ???? 
cooking   smile  this might not turn out very well 
"when life hands you lemons, say fuck the lemons and bail "
meteor shower! in half an hour   smile 
will be in <propmale> tonight! yay!
"is off to a late start, but has a busy day! a big ol' red bull will make it better   smile "
just left <propmale> this a m  and now i'm on my way back there! ugh 
"is going for a little run, then the gym!"
will be completely moved to <propmale> by tomorrow   smile 
i hate snow!
went second job hunting today  was very successful   smile 
tgif!!!! i am so ready for tonight to get here!
"signed the lease on my apartment today! yay, go me   wink "
time seems to drag when you're excited about something that's coming up  hurry up and get here sunday!!!
brrrr!!!! the only fun thing about winter is going shopping for cute warm winter clothes   smile 
is super duper anxious! the coffee i'm drinking is not helping my situation!  haha 
i'm super duper excited for next week!
will be in eagle next wednesday 
"i really need a vacation    that lasts a few months    somewhere tropic, secluded and far far away from my job  lol "
oh starbucks  you sound so good fantastic right about now  especially because i'm in dire need of waking up!
can't wait for this week to be over already  bring on the weekend  please and thanks   smile 
i suppose i should get back to work now  ugh  fml  haha 
made my coffee a little too strong this a m  but i feel awesome (and jittery)!
ugh!!!!! is it midnight yet? i must see new <propfemale> before i go crazy with anticipation!
"thirsty thursday, venti zebra mocha @ starbucks and new <propfemale>  doesn't get any better than that!"
ahhhhhh! it's almost time! drinking rolling rock and waiting for midnight to roll around so we can go watch new <propfemale>!
is so excited for black friday  which is probably not a good thing when you are poor  oh well 
"lead the life you want to live  be the person you want to remember  make decisions, take chances and make mistakes  if you fall, at least you tried!"
is thinking about driving to eagle today     i don't have to be to work until thursday at 11a m  hmmmmmm     tempting 
last night was so much fun! let's do it again tonight!  smile 
"2010  we had some good times and bad times  mostly bad, so i'm not sad to see you go   wink \\hope everyone has a wonderful new years <propfemale> tonight and be safe out there for yourselves and others  love you and see ya next year!!!!! horray for 2011!"
2011! hurry!
"happy new year! 2011, i am threatening you since now! if things dont go my way    !!!!  wink "
i need to stop playing on fb and get back to school work  haha 
<propfemale> is being so attractive right now  meow!  lol 
"i am sleepy  i think i will take a nap, and then i will wake up, and then i will go out   smile  and then   ?"
"well, the stress of last week finally caught up to me  woke up this morning with really bad flu symptoms  cant miss work now though even if i want to   sad "
"<propmale> traffic at 5p m  makes me angry  i think the state needs to invest in a highway that only i can use, takes me to any destination and has no speed limit  that would be great "
spring break is almost over   sad 
its such a nice day  i think i'm gonna lay out in the sun today!  smile 
"i ride my horse over a beautiful ranch  the air is wine  on a score of rolling hills are red with autumn flame across sonoma mountain  wisps of sea fog are stealing  the afternoon sun smolders in the drowsy sky  i have everything to make me glad, i am alive  '<propfirst> london' 1913 <propmale> elen, california "
loving life right now!
"dear allergies  please torture someone else  sincerly, <propfemale>"
i'm so excited to get my massage table next week!  anyone want a free massage?
<propfemale>! i am scared! i am in the kitchen!!!!!
me: <propfemale>!!! its a monster truck!  <propfemale>: sounds like monter truck! <propfemale>: why doesnt my car go? me: sounds like cargo 
is it bad that im already wishing it was the weekend   
great  im stuck at work in the center of a severe tornado warning! fml 
"post it, so i can 'like' it!"
sitting in the sun  loving life right now  it's such a great day  things are working out for the best right now!
the pool is almost open! i cant wait for summer! pool parties and bbq's!
i've really got to stop facebooking my friends when they're sitting right next to me 
"i can't wait for tomorrow! not so much the work part, but the after work part   smile "
hot tub and <propfirst> daniels time!  smile 
insomnia seems to be the common theme for all of my friends tonight
loving the sun  not a fan of the wind though   
"feeling a little homesick for eagle when i started thinking about this summer   sad \camping, hiking, fishing, tubing, four wheeling, etc    ugh, summer needs to speed up so i can take a trip out there "
i had such a great time tonight!!!
happy mothers day to all the moms!
i just can't wait for summer to finally be here  the weather keeps playing tricks on me 
i'm about ready to kick some people in their knee right now! what noisy neighbors i have!
i am so na na nervous   annoyed 
"going to central city  praying, hoping, wishing i win something  but with my luck, thats unlikely   smile "
can't wait for this weekend to see my friends for the bbq pool party girls night out!!! hopefully it will be <propfemale>   smile 
i am in desperate need of another weekend  friday evening better get here fast 
"i'm not going to hold my breath, but this could be a good thing "
"i'm sleepy  i'd like to take a nap, but apparently thats frowned apon here at work "
thinking about cutting my hair <propfemale> beckham style  any thoughts   ?
why is the sunshine hiding from me now that im off work? it should come out and play again  lol
drinking mimosas at the pool  what a wonderful day   smile 
bath tub party!!! cause the hot tub is like ice water 
"i wish i was easy, easy like sunday morning  my chick bad, my chick good  my chick do stuff that your chick wish she could "
"excuse me bartender, id like a uv vodka grape with vodka and a splash of vodka "
ugh  i hate allergies   sad 
"if god sends us on strong paths, we are provided strong shoes "
i guess i have a lot to ponder 
i am going to sleep like a baby tonight  so excited to have a day off tomorrow and one mid term out of the way!!!  smile 
"downtown, why do you always steal me on the weekends?"
bahaha! i know i shouldnt be laughing     but there's midgets at lodos! just made my night 
"they\ say a true friend can go for long periods of time without speaking and \never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like \they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how\ far away they live    repost \if\"" you are lucky enough to have at least\",9766b99dc264fff3918f28fdc71611ee,"life has so many paths to choose from, so if you find yours is bumpy and you fall, just pick yourself up, dust yourself off and hold your head up high until an opportunity presents itself    a new path "
"ní féidir liom fanacht go dtí go féidir liom a fháil amach an áit seo  \far, bhfad i gcéin  i gcroílár na heorpa  nuair a d'fhéadfadh a bheith \riamh"
summer jam today!!! can't wait!!!
myspace com
just finished watching orphan  wtf  that movie is messed up  im scared of children now  lol
"whoa! i was not e playful ecting this day to be so busy, and the next few days will be worse  my break from school can't come soon enough "
really hoping things start looking up  i've been in constant stress mode since the end of march and it keeps piling up  at least i can still smile  most days  lol 
lost my keys in all the chaos of moving    yikes  hope i find them before class tonight    otherwise i'm going to have to hitch a ride from someone  haha 
1 more day of moving and 2 days of classes until break! cant tell you how excited i am about that 
the guy at the drive-thru at starbucks sang to me today    they need to stop letting their employees have free drinks during their shift 
last day of classes for a while! cant wait to enjoy the summer!  smile 
"im free!!! well, until the next semester starts  lol"
in eagle until tuesday!  smile  good to be home for a while 
eclipse tonight at midnight! yes!
road trip tomorrow!!!!
can't wait to get this weekend started!
"making fajitas for dinner  i don't cook often, so we'll see how they turn out "
glad i decided to come downtown for the night  happy birthday meggy!!!!!
round 2 of birthday weekend! happy birthday <propfemale>!  smile 
"i must say, this is one of the funnest weekends i've had in a long time "
"back to classes tonight   smile  \break was fun while it lasted "
hey eagle gypsum people  i'll be in town this weekend for gyp daze  hope to see you all there! let me know if you want to <propfemale> out   smile 
i'm excited to go to eagle for the weekend   smile 
i met a really hot zach efron look alike who just so happens to be named zach  <propfemale> thinks he's gay    i think she's just jealous  lol  ;p
excited for tonight!
is it 10 yet?
"on our way to the birthday bash concert!!! i'm ecstatic  what an amazing weekend  glad to be home, but missing everyone in eagle already "
i'm at a concert thats not singing to me yet  disappointed! it was supposed to start at 2   sad 
might be in eagle this weekend again to go tubing  who's with me?
"if you're in eagle and want a massage, i'm here  just lemme know   smile "
why is it that whenever i come to eagle i suffer from <propmale> insomnia? not even a little tired right now   annoyed 
babysitting is actually kind of fun  love the screaming contests that me and <propfemale> are having  oh and pull auntie <propfemale>'s hair until she cries is fun too  ;p lol
wahoo! river time! bring your floaties and sippy cup  wink 
teaching my mom how to use facebook   smile 
"hmm, what to do, what to do? so bored today "
lol  south park makes me giggle   smile 
"my insomnia drives me up the wall  it's 4a m  and i'm still wide awake     this just isnt fair  what to do, what to do?"
its already august    thats so sad  my favorite season is almost over   annoyed 
"dancing in the rain!!!  laugh \i love this weather!"
someone as ocd as me probably shouldn't watch the show hoarders  its freaking me out  makes me want to scrub every inch of my house  yikes  lol
so excited to get a massage tonight from <propfemale> 
"not really sure why im trying to fall asleep now, when i know i wont pass out until the wee hours of the morning  fml "
really liking this new job     worried about payday though  i like to shop  especially when i get a 20% off discount on all purchases  yikes 
i'm beat today   annoyed 
got my sketch pad out of storage  i need to start drawing again  i'm scared that i may have forgotten how  any ideas on what i should draw?
has decided that tcm is my guilty pleasure 
i'm not aloud to watch shows like cold case files when i'm home alone  getting a bit paranoid 
i'd like for this day to be over now  please and thank you 
it would be nice to have a job that didnt include working weekends  i havent had a mon-fri job in 2years  good news is that im almost done with school and my schedule will be better by march!!!!!  smile 
"i want to go to eagle soon  there, i said it "
"i dont want to work tonight, but i do want money, so i guess i have to "
"tonight i was about to fall asleep when i heard a noise  it wasnt loud at first, but then it sounded like someone was breaking into the house through the sliding door  so i slowly got up (so the theif wouldnt hear me) and was ready to fight, but when i turned the corner i heard the noise coming from the bathroom "
had a marvelous day! got to see my parents and cute neice  cleaned the apartment spotless  got all homework and studying for finals out of the way  now movie time and pasta with wine    minus the wine unless someone wants to come over and bring some  lol 
wtf??? i'm speechless right now  lol 
needs caffeine pronto!!!!
"dear next two semesters of school: please hurry yourself along  for i've grown tired of studying and all the silly labs and soon to be clinics that i've endured on your behalf  thank you  yours truly, <propfemale> "
just saw a pigeon sneeze  weird 
had such a great time last night with some wonderful people 
is with a hot date tonight after work   smile 
today is going by soooo slooow!
love the feeling of having another quarter of classes complete with good grades  almost to the finish line!!!  smile 
i have some amazing friends  so thankful to have such wonderful people in my life  thankyou all!
yay!!!!!  wink 
hanging out with pauly d last night reminds me why i still love vinny more  too bad he wasn't there  it would have made my day
whoa! went to bed early last night and actually slept in today  that hasnt happened in months  makes me want to stay in bed all day! but i want to enjoy this wonderful day! maybe i'll go read a book by our lake   smile 
is all smiles today!  laugh 
i really need a sign!!! or maybe the lack of signs is a sign 
"it's such a beautiful fall day in <propmale>, but i hear the mountains got a little dusting  eek! need to make a trip home before the snow is blocking my way completely "
"\shut up! you dirty little hamster!!!\"""""
"getting my haircut soon  probably going to do a very short cut, seeing how my hair grows like a weed  any ideas? i'm having a hard time thinking of the cut i want "
"don't you just hate it when you're really sleepy, but you just can't seem to fall asleep? yea, me too!"
absolutely love my new haircut  thank you so much <propfemale>   smile 
back to school on monday  so i'm going to try and make the most out of this weekend 
im confused      hmm? *scratches head*
give me a break! they say bad things come in three    im up to what?     7 already in the past 6months!!! hating and done w faulty apartments 
zzzzzzzzz
i like it on the couch    and sometimes the floor 
traffic           i really hate you 
"going for a run before it gets too hot, then some yoga  trying to make some changes for the better, starting today!"
"the fall season is beautiful, but i'm not a fan! fall just signifies that winter is right around the corner   annoyed "
i only have 30mins to spare at the gym once i get home  should i do weights or the eliptical? hmmm    
determined to make this week fantastic  so far so good   smile 
it's going to be a good day!
its tee shirt time!!!
go avs!!! someone should buy me tickets to all the home games  i'd love that person long time 
pretty woman! one of the best movies   smile 
wind scares me    especially when its this loud 
my heart hurts   sad 
feel and look like i havent slept for days today  awesome  just in time for halloween to get the dead look  lol
"aren't you broads a little old to be trick or treating? \\we'll be younger in the morning \\yea, me too \\gotta love hocus pocus  my favorite movie to watch on halloween "
i'm so excited that i get to see my parents and neice tomorrow  even if its just for a couple hours  tomorrow will be a good day!  smile 
"um, so now i can't wait for january 21st-23rd!!! to get here!  laugh "
cleaning the house then hopefuly relaxing  seems like it will be a productive saturday! and my cold is almost gone!!! yesss!
i like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past 
why do all the sloooowww drivers (25mph in a 40mph) get in front of me in the morning when i'm already borderline grumpy  just saying 
whats all this white stuff falling from the sky??      i dont like it!
"take a moment today to honor and thank all of the men and women who have served our great country, who have fought for our country  be thankful and proud that through their bravery and strength we still have many freedoms that are often taken for granted   remember those who have passed on, those who have been away from their families to defend our nation"
will be in vail today! wahoo! but only for an hour! i'll take it tho  i miss home and the mtns 
"will be available saturday in eagle gypsum to give free massages  if anyone wants one please let me know asap so we can schedule something  \\tips are appreciated   smile "
this time tomorrow i'll be in the beautiful vail eagle valley  can't wait to see my wonderful family and friends!
can't wait to see my mountains in a couple hours! it'll be good to be home   smile 
in vail!!!! yes   smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone! i am thankful for each and everyone one of you 
"making <propfemale> sing christmas carols with me     and we are slowly realizing that there's a lot of christmas songs that i like, but do not know the words to "
starbucks is such a good idea right now! i'm glad i thought of it 
"ugh, this number game is silly! when will it be over?"
new facebook game*** inbox me your bank account or debit card number  (be sure to enclude your 3digit code and e playful iration date) and i will post in my status which of my bills i am letting you pay! just like the previous <propfirst> game! it will be fun! let the messages begin!
the rest of this year needs to hurry and be done with  i am getting so excited for 2011! i have a feeling that its going to be a great year  good news just keeps coming!  smile  not to mention i'll be graduating!
happy christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!  smile 
"at midnight i get to open my gifts, cause technically its tomorrow    right? haha  jk  no, but seriously?"
i'm having a wonderful christmas <propfemale>! hope <propfemale>ryone is doing the same!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i hope you and your families have a great day  god bless   smile 
dear 2011  i have been waiting for you to get here for quite sometime now (april to be exact)  so please hurry and get here so i can celebrate already  please and thanks   smile 
whoa! snow!
"did that really just happen? was on hold for almost an hour, only to be disconnected   sad "
i'm so lucky to have such a wonderful boyfriend   smile 
wondering why upstairs neighbor feels the need to vacuum @ 10:15 at night    all the time    
sleep would be magical right now! too bad i'm wide awake 
"'be careful about reading health books  you might die of a misprint'\<propfirst> twain"
'the road to success is always under construction'
first day back at school after my break and i'm so excited to be back!!  smile 
"starbucks? yes, please   smile "
hey woodchucks! quit chuckin' my wood!
"\better to light a candle than curse the darkness\"""""
"if the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail "
soooo excited for my birthday celebration tomorrow  get to spend time with some of my favorite people in the world  couldn't ask for more  unless someone wants to give me 1million dollars for my birthday!  wink 
happy early birthday to me   my car just broke down  great!
"thankyou everyone for the birthday wishes  and thankyou to everyone who came out last night  i had a wonderful weekend with the best people  tonight, homemade wine, movies, brownies, burritos, scooby snacks and margaritas  yay!"
wow  thanks american idol for making me cry like a child with the last guys story! *sniffle*
"brothers week!  laugh  if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are very proud to have in your life, re-post this as your status "
losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth 
bored  and slightly worried 
it's such a beautiful saturday afternoon at red rocks  enjoying this wonderful weather with <propfirst> and the puppy  i'm in a tshirt and a skirt and it feels like summer!     in january!
fight club!  laugh 
my oh my! its slick out today  be careful on the roads everyone 
"well, my school is cancelled today  i've never had a 'snow day'! good day to be in the mountains!  smile "
brrrrrrr      rrrr    brrr  i can't get warm   sad 
"this -degree weather is really making me think about relocating    hawaii here i come!!! oh wait, you need money for that    guess i'll have to wait for the summer   sad "
"think i got this cold, from all the cold! haha  does anyone have any natural remedies that help with muscle aches, sore throat and headache? cold medicines only makes me want to hibernate and rarely makes me feel better "
going to see black swan tonight     finally! i can't wait 
go packers!
i have an interview! yesss!
happy valentines day to all of my friends and family  hope you have someone to share today with  love you all   smile 
"pauly d is at beta again tonight  judging by the near death e playful erience i had last time in the front row at his show, i think i'll pass this time  good luck to anyone going tonight  i'll pray for you  lol"
free day at the <propmale> zoo today   smile  guess i know what i'ma gonna do-a 
"a day in february like this just intensifies how bad i want summer to be here  yes, i know i am the worst co native ever for hating winter  but doesnt sipping a cold drink by the pool sound so much better than digging a car out of the snow "
"i have two interviews today! wishing, praying, hoping i get one, if not, both of them  wish me luck "
"i got the job!!!!!!! woohooo! i think i may cry because i'm so happy! wow! omg! fml    wait, i take that one back   wink "
"true change and higher human adaption are not made by resistance to the old habits  change is not a matter of not doing something, it is a matter of doing something else "
"picking back up with my <propmale>  currently working on a mural and a couple tattoos for <propfemale> and <propfemale>, but also taking on new projects  my prices are reasonable and i do just about everything, tattoos, murals, drawings, pen and ink, family portraits etc "
"when god leads you to the edge of the <propmale>, trust him fully and let go, only 1 of 2 things will happen, either he'll catch you when you fall, or he will teach you how to fly "
well today was a wonderful day  despite my car breaking down again! it was a great day  i'm pretty convinced i love my new job   smile  dont think o've ever said that  lol
"tomorrow can't come soon enough! i am so excited and happy  \i'm gonna miss crazynena though  lol\thankyou for everything you've done for me   smile "
just got the keys to my new apartment!!!!!!! awesome!
"hooray for st  patricks day! i dont know about you folks but i'm thinking bar time for a scooby snack and green beer   smile  \happy st patricks day "
only 6 months left of school! i'm still playing with idea of going for an aos though  hmmm     ?
"hey everyone in the lakewood area  tomorrow is our opening day at the new best buy in the belmar area  if any of you want to come check it out, i'll be there all day   smile "
