6e59f13901a87e71a869d7918c7e3a6a
the first day of school sucked ughhh   i didn't get a schedule untill i'd already missed lunch and then it was some random one whith english 2 and african american history ughhh then i found out that i had one but i didn't get it because they put me in a 10th grade homeroom then i got the right one that was still wrong cuz i got rotc 2 and i never took one  sad 
another bad day at school rotc ii ummm i dont like it i never took rotci and <propmale> <propmale> made us all say the creed      i dont know it i've heard it like 2 time when i was helping my friends <propfemale> learn it but that it i stood there looking like an idiot     on thursday we start all the rotc stuff thursday yeah i hope they change my schedule ughhh        sad   surprise (  sad 
still havn't gotten my new shedule    i  guess ms bradshaw throw it away (mean lady) grrrrr     sad 
i got a new schedule it still messed up i now have an ap us history and and honor us history class how hard is it to make a schedule when you give them a paper with the class period that you want it i cheked w  all the teachers when i made the list grrrr      sad 
about to order some chili's and go with my stepdad to pick it up      
working on my scary story for english
really bored wish there was something to do      yawn  surprise 
wet from walking home in the rain  sad 
bored     going to the bridge builders meeting at 3
back from the bridge builders meeting we all learned how to salsa and some other stuff lol i'm so bad at it  laugh 
knowledge bowl lost but all in all it was fun  laugh 
kingsbury's knowledge bowl team will be on tv tommorrow even thought we lost  sad  at 9am on channel 3  smile 
super bored and tried just finished helping clean the courtyard at school it looks a whole lot better
<propfemale> christmas everyone   
7 mins till its a new year and its the first time ive ever been awake lol  laugh 
20 sec
new year!!!
snow outside  laugh  all schools are closed besides mcs  meaning kingsbury is in service oh well       sad 
talking to <propfemale> on the phone   listening to some music   
back from the mall finally found neon green converse  laugh  lol happy
lol everyone is complaning about the new facebook   lol   smile  i still have the old set up   knock on wood   (wouldn't want to jinx it)
my stepdad is an idiot he just dropped a cake on the floor    well he let it slide off the 1st layer so icing is all over the couner and cake is on the floor lol cake anyone  smile 
"on a string of christmas lights: for indoor or outdoor use only  (as opposed to use in outer space )on a food processor: not to be used for the other use  (now i'm curious ) on sainsbury's peanuts: warning: contains nuts  {but no peas?) on an american airlines packet of nuts: instructions: open packet, eat nuts  (somebody got paid big bucks to write this one  )"
on boot's children's cough medicine: do not drive car or operate machinery  (we could do a lot to reduce the construction accidents if we just kept those 5 year olds off those fork lifts ) on natal sleep aid: warning: may cause drowsiness  (one would hope!) on a korean kitchen knife: warning: keep out of children  (hmm  something must have gotten lost in the translation  )
on tesco's tiramisu dessert: (printed on bottom of the box) do not turn upside down  (too late! you lose!) on marks & <propmale> bread pudding: product will be hot after heating  (are you sure? let's e playful eriment )on packaging for a <propfemale> iron: do not iron clothes on body  (but wouldn't that save more time?)whose body?)
lol sorry so long but you gotta read these    on a bag of fritos: you could be a winner! no purchase necessary  details inside  (the shoplifter special!) on a bar of dial soap: directions: use like regular soap  (and that would be how?) on some swann frozen dinners: serving suggestion: defrost  (but it's 'just' a suggestion!)
peace jam members this saturday (april 17) in the lunch room from 10am-3pm we are going to be painting the faces on the walls and drawing the teachers face up there if you are in peace jam and can come ms  benstien would really apprecate it  smile 
finishing uploading pictures from the apush field trip on myspace    
got word back from the orpheum summer institue i got e playful ected  smile 
sitting in dr lane's room bored only 13 mins till we get out of school
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky  little girl 3 years old picked up by a man driving a grey car, license plate: q72b381  put this on your status  it could save her this kidnapping is recent so do it  3 seconds will not kill you  hey if it were your child what would you do?"
going to reel foot in a little while with my mom and <propfirst> for memorial day   
<propfemale> out with my niece all day watching t v  never thought i would be so happy to stop watching cartoons   lol now i got to go baby sit    
listening to some music  iming lol people are so crazy   
home from the 1st day of the orpheum summer insitute thingy lol so far it's pretty fun other than the fact they made us learn this crazy dance    (i cant dance) lol
"text from my mom (lol)\mom: what are you doing?\me: nothing\mom: great! study for the act or sat! go see your daddy! go see your friends! do something! clean out your car!clean out your room!\me: what's with all the ideas\mom:got to keep you busy so you don't get into trouble  the e playful erts say to keep your teenagers busy and active, to avoid boredom and trouble!"
home from seeing eclipse  much better than the second movie but i still think there are a few things that could have been better 
at <propfirst>'s house      <propfemale> and <propfirst> are crazy!!!  smile   surprise )  smile       
about to leave to visit sewanee (the university of the south)  smile     
i fail both of my ap exams  sad  not good   
is not takeing ap physics next year mr rep is gone from kingsbury    i just randomly got a call for some new teacher we have comeing next years she's going to teach ap psychology so i guess that's what i'm going to take    
"what's worse    a lie that draws a smile, or the truth that draws a tear?"
is going to work her her bridge builder shield    that thing has to get finished before tuesday when i leave for cbu for a week  
lakayla i blame you  that song is still stuck in my head 
is reading storys on fanfiction net  smile 
just accidentally broke my mom's glass flower thingy     sad 
"only an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend! if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & nephews, post this as your status   smile "
if you're brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you  (1)crazy  (2) wish we went out  (3) talkative  (4) sarcastic  (5) lovable (6) sexy  (7) strong  ( smile  dumb  (9) spoiled  (10) mouthy  (11) wild (12) goofy  (13) awesome  (14) amazing  (15) beautiful  (17) cute  
the tension is here  tension is here  between who you are and who you could be  between how it is and how it should be  i dare you to move  i dare you to move  i dare you to lift yourself up off the floor   
"needs to finish packing for bridge builders oh and yeah can't forget, finish that bridge builder shield   bad me wanted 'til last mintue  sad "
home from bridge builders  awesome time  <propfemale> aquifers  smile   about to uplaod some pics from our week
is home from school after having to get something filled out  i will be so glad when i graduate i wont have to deal with all the people in the front office and their attitudes 
"???    it may sound absurd   but don’t be naive, even heroes have the right to bleed\i may be disturbed   but won’t you concede, even heroes have the right to dream\it’s not easy to be me -five for fighting    ???"
is off to church then going over to <propfirst> for the night  smile 
"???   i'm 15 for a moment,\caught in between 10 and 20,\and i'm just dreaming,\counting the ways to where you are    ??? -100 years-five for fighting  smile "
went school uniform shopping today  i can't beileve school starts next monday  where did the summer go?   
i was suppose to do something tomorrow but i can't remember   oh well i'm off to <propfemale>'s  laugh 
"goin 2 register at 6  this year is going to be crazy abcab weeks what is mcs that is not goin to work  have they thought about lunch,is it goin the same becuz classes will be changin while 1 set of us r at lunch and unles we have crazy lunch on wend and all r in the same adding hour on to the 2nd semster all the times for switching classes will change i dont even wanta c the problems with my schedule this year"
<propfemale> dunn is a retard!!!  laugh  (see car told yeah it's up here)     like if you agree
cooking some spaghetti then im going to do some more of my homework    i think ms lewis is the only teacher to give actual homework on the first day     sad 
really? this makes no sense    so confused    
sitting in the library at school  ap phychology is so boring when the teachers gone and you've finished all your work    
"??? a <propfemale> for my thoughts, oh no i’ll sell them for a dollar, they're worth so much more after i’m a goner, and maybe then you’ll hear the words i been singin’,  funny when you're dead how people start listenin’, if i die young    ??? -the band <propfirst>"
going to the girls soccer game tonight 5pm  smile  good luck beat cordova!  laugh 
"homework, homework, homework    "
i got a new doggie  laugh 
college scholarship applying 
ap stats homeworks sucks     i didn't realize there was that much due tomorrow   i guess thats what i get for not starting it yesterday     sad 
taco <propfemale> is nasty!
live by the moment <propfemale> live by the moment!!!
going to the <propfemale> fair today  laugh 
school was crazy today  <propfemale> made me a cake laugh  yum!! (such a fatty me carrying a cake around school all day)  smile   surprise )  smile 
"???i dare you to move, i dare you to lift yourself up off the floor    i dare you to move, i dare you to move, like today never happened   today never happened before   ??? -switchfoot"
today was a lot of fun shopping with my sis went to cheeseburger cheeseburger lol    got a call interview monday  laugh  hope i get the job     laugh 
so mad with ms griner grades i turned all my work in  college essay and all  i really think ms weaver hates me  i turn in someone work with mine and she gets a grade and i dont  tomorrow im going to look thur every piece of work 
yay!! i start work tomorrow  smile  going to get the uniform with <propfemale> now  smile 
first day of work wasn't that bad    learned whole lot    now lets see if i can remember it all on sunday lol at least all the people that work there are nice  smile 
i hate shopping  sad  grrr
home from <propfirst> <propmale> with my two sis's and two niece  i love that place smile  one way  laugh 
"i hate being sick  sad  it's so boring at this house, it feels like it should be 5 o'clock in the afternoon    "
i love the sound of rain  smile 
i was starting to feel a little better now i just feel like death   and i have school in the morning just great  sad 
that asvab (thats probably spelt wrong) test was so pointless today   off to work now 
people at school crack me up  smile     watching my niece and nephew now i love them  love 
inception is the most confusing movie known to man   im still so lost as to what it was about   
"meeting at work, then church with cash, and back to work again   "
off work now its time for all this stats homework     i hate ap stats  sad 
got my act score grr   it dropped a point but seeing how it was the first time i didn't finish i did better sorta   when you thing about it   
i hate the capstone  i hate notecard too   sad  grrr      
getting my cap and grown picture redone    sitting in a waiting room is so boring   
talking to lakayla brown  smile  man i miss drama club    wish she wouldn't have graduated last year we never get to talk or <propfemale> out    sad 
no meeting at work today   this makes me super happy  smile 
going crazy! all this college stuff   deadlines   dec 1st is in three days  i hope to get all these applications in my then   but thats really hard to do with only one reccomandation letter    what am i gonna do   
mississippi state and sewanee application complete  smile    ut knox finished just has to be sent in the mail same with this other college   finally ive accompished something  smile   surprise )  smile 
ap stats homework then help my mom with some more christmas tree stuff   grr i hate statistics its so hard to understand   sad 
<propfemale> claus is real!!!
"sittin n guitar finished all of the stuff we have been working on    now i'm bored, listenin 2 music til rest of the class finishes    "
sitting at the bowling alley with cash such a long wait only 4 lanes are open   what kinda bowlin' alley is this   but cash did win be a stuff person
its midnight and what am i doing capstone grrrrrr      
act this morning hopeing for a higher score 3 pts atleast (crosses fingers) but we'll see looking around my house now for a pencil that not mechanial but no success  happy birthday <propfemale> hammond 
its snowing  laugh 
so bored sitting at my aunts   and its only 5:25    this is gonna last forever
still here     how long can this last????
getting ready to head over to my dads   zzzzz   if only i could go back to sleep and not have to walk outside in to the cold    
it's snowin'  laugh 
my act score sucks once again    why wont it go up   or at least back to where it was two test ago???  sad 
"\its 403 and i cant sleep   \"" -shinedown"""
memphis city schools are closed  laugh  yes i love the news such good news comes on   i love snow   alarm is going off  smile 
8-]      lol  laugh 
my niece can count passed a hundred i never knew she could   those were a lot of number she said for me  smile 
got accepted to sewanee! now all i need is a really nice scholarship for lots and lots and lots   
raining  snowing  and sleeting  all at the same time     weird
he's mom is crazy you can't ground someone from church  she's not gonna accomplish her goal of keeping us apart we do go to school together  he should be allow to go atleast to church!
lime green cars are awesome!!!
office depot is closing early = means i have no work tonight = gives me load of time to do all of my homework = makes my happy = i get to go to bed earlier than 1am
mcs is closed i love the school board people this year  laugh    now back to doing all this homework  sad 
act today (for the final time) hopeing for the 30 in mr fullers 90 60 30 or atleast a higher score than the last 5 times  laugh 
