9eed8104b983852eac8624e40aa24119
"has decided that whoever thought that putting makeup credits and summer together was a great idea, should go die in a cube!!!!!"
go mighty cougs!!!!
relaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaax!!!  laziness=good!  smile 
anybody know an e playful ert on buzkashi?  <propmale>'s english class is killing me!!!
i found a buzkashi e playful ert!!!  now i have to write a 10 <propfemale> report about it! aaaaahhhh!!!  haha  smile 
i will take ap tests no more forever!!!  laugh 
2010!  2010!  2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   way to go everybody!  we made it!  thanks for all the grand adventures!  smile 
so     ragnar     i am goinig to die!!!  smile 
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!  smile   and thanks to all you good buds out there who've made my 18 years da bomb!!  laugh   your the best!
i'm in my dorm by myself for the first time!  laugh   my roommates don't get here until wednesday   wow       i'm so bored i'm flossing  surprise )
brand spanking new laptop!  woot!  laugh   haha  hope everyone's having fun at college and back in good ol' pg  smile 
"loves rain!!!  the sound the look, the smell, the feel, aaaaahhhhhhhh             but most importantly the puddles!!!  who's up for puddle jumping?!  laugh "
"\don't waste your time or time will waste you!\""\",9eed8104b983852eac8624e40aa24119,just finished my first college paper       i think i may die from sleep deprivation   g'night!
loves the <propfemale>!  i feel so happy and calm right now  smile 
puddle jumping + sprained ankle     woot!!!  laugh 
jalapeno cookies       epic!  smile 
"hahaha, left my computer on in the dorm and went to marching band   came back and my roommate had taken all these sketchy quizzes on my facebook   hilarious!!  surprise )"
i killed a mouse with this thumb!  smile 
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else’s status, word for word, and see if they notice "
so everybody loves caramel apples for halloween right?  how about caramel onions?  smile 
is suffering death by textbook
"guess who stayed logged onto facebook??? the sexy mom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that's me, bj  smile "
death by textbook = great test score!!!  laugh 
negative 3 and 1 2 hours till <propmale> potter comes out!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving everybuddy!  laugh 
"hey utes!  enjoy the loss,  love  your big bro byu! haha!"
hey it is the sexy mom again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i, bj's sexy mom alternate personality, hearby apologize to bj for doing this to his status     but is is just to fun to not to   smile "
i am sooo happy to go back to classes!  laugh   i mean    wha?  smile 
"\what hath night to do with sleep?\""\",9eed8104b983852eac8624e40aa24119,umm     tangled was kind of freaking amazing!  laugh   i mean     that's what all the girls are saying     surprise )
"dear finals week and mailman annoyed \why can't we be friends?  why can't we be friends?\"""""
"even though <propfirst> is gone, his legacy lives on "
sexy mom here!!!!! mwahahahahahahahahahaaaaaa sometimes bj thinks he logs off but he really doesn't  > smile 
"wow, it's kinda weird being on task for once in my life   wow, it's even more weird that i just said that on facebook  playful "
"oh, you make me smile  smile "
hmmm     i'm thinking i should probably flush my sleeping habits down the toilet   g'night!
sdsu just got jimmer'd!!!
guess what i do for adventure?  i <propfemale> glide on a dorito  smile 
 smile 
tre'von <propmale> and his rebels (without a cause) just got jimmer'd!!!!! woot!
i kind of sort of love college    except for the schoolish college part  playful 
 smile 
i can put my mission papers in as early as 2 weeks from now!  laugh 
is mourning the death of his dear friend <propmale> in a car accident     sad   i shouldn't have been awake at 7 in the morning anyways  surprise )
"dear world,\the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is true!\g'night"
i love missionaries 
my mission papers have been submitted!!!  laugh   anybody got a guess for where i'm going?
