4d78a25d29f5288a6e7c827c140df7ab
" smile  im stoked for the next nice day, im going mountain biking  anyone wanna join???"
me and <propfemale> broke my bed through the floor      i think it might be time for us to go on a diet hahaha 
luck only lasts so long
iv decided good morning texts are the best : )
ah back with my long lost baby finally  smile 
"well, if you dont see me at school today its because my truck ran out of gas on the way there "
what a great day to go to seattle  smile 
work was so easy  smile 
saved three lives today oh yeaaa  smile 
just bought <propfemale> in wonderland!  laugh 
first kyacking session of summer was great  laugh 
first kyaking session of summer!
just finished gazzam hike  smile 
"just finished a thirteen mile mountain bide ride up a <propmale>, literally "
off to sequim for a thirty mile bike ride 
planet earth  smile 
summited mount townsend today  laugh  got to see snow for the first time in a while 
portland!
"verizon phone! does anyone have one i can use, mine broke  sad "
hiking today!
blah  looks like its me and my ipod tonight 
\you make me happy," you magnify my better half \""\"4d78a25d29f5288a6e7c827c140df7ab,work:  then what?
"\whatever tommorow brings i'll be there with open arms and open eyes \""\",4d78a25d29f5288a6e7c827c140df7ab,i just love being sick on my only day off of work 
my horoscope is always right on the <propfemale>  it kind of creeps me out 
fremont troll and <propmale> coabin tommoro  stokeeeeed 
"driving to bainbridge with absolutly no gas  great  if you see a white truck on the side of the road thats me, with no gas and stranded "
"rain oh i am sooo happy to see you again  nap, then work till seven then what? lets make plans  smile "
i hate slow drivers   
"peace out poulsbo  i have an appointment with flordia, mexico and the bahamas  hopefully ill make it back without dying from killer heat "
have my alarm set for 3:20 am  not cool  planes shouldnt be able to leave that early 
i had the sudden urge to want to go snowboarding supeeeer bad 
another night with my mom snoring loud enough to wake up the whole hotel  oh yes how i love the hotel life 
"poring in florida, but im not complaining at all  smile  i just wish my dress wasnt white   "
mmm i love seeing a man in a speedo pool side hahahah 
waverunning! hell yes  smile 
fuck yes  this is the life 
"\when the power of love overcomes the love for power the world will soon know peace\"""""
parasailing  smile 
"i really don't enjoy immature closed minded people  they really aggravate me, a lot "
"no phone after tommoro, leaving the country until september  suckeers "
back from cozumel! scuba diving in the reef was fucking rad  now in miami waiting for my flight to the bahamas 
just got done snorkeling in the bahamas!
i really want to go to new orleans for some reason haha 
ipod full  im officially  bummed 
tropical storms  exhilarating 
"still have a month until schools starts, i'v got plenty of time for more summer "
ratatat coming to seattle september 14th! who's down to go?!
"do you know what washington is missing? white <propfirst> rockless beaches, thats what its missing "
ratatat tickets officially ordered! its gonna be dope 
i tore the ocean up on those jet skis today 
coming home today after one long month  smile 
home!!!! i missed washington 
i wish i hand't blown my left ear out  now i cant even get a sixteen in 
"hmm i dont have any plans tonight, who wants to do something when i get off work?"
woo for being stranded in port orchard  this blows 
quit my job! start my new job next week  smile 
screw you act 
"tonight was to much, i'm done "
"off work, now its time for some fun  smile "
work from 8-1 smile 0 at hot shots today  then ratatat tonight! stoked!
that was the most amazing e playful erience i have ever been through in my life  thank you ratatat
"nasty nasty  september 25  i have the day off, i'm going "
im happy to see the rain again 
i hate bremerton 
lucky boys! it's time to put some holes in our heads 
heeeey six's it sure is nice to see you again 
"\i cannot feel the ground  we’re flying high now  we’re flying high now  my world is spinning round\"""""
oc sucks  day 1 and im already freaking out  i probaly also killed 20 trees just printing out the syllybus's 
six's hurt  i just want to be at a 0g already  i wish i was a more patient person 
babysitting until fourish then straight to work until 830 then homework  oh man 
nasty nastyyyy!
screw you police 
nothing better than old movies on a lazy sunday 
i need a biology touter for my oc 160 level class  ill pay by the hour  smile  who's good at biology?
and the fours are going in! stokeeeed  laugh 
just finished painting a huge chalk board on my wall with chalk board paint! looks super rad  who wants to come draw with me?!  smile 
heeeeey sunshine  smile 
just got back from a motorcycle ride  smile 
i could listen to incubus all day 
buying my season pass to stevens soon! stoked for boarding season
i feel bad for my ears  i keep shoving things into them hahah  but my new plugs look rad  smile 
saved three lives today! i would say iv had a pretty succesfull day 
"taking three classes through oc, four classes through pal and one class online was the dumbest idea i have ever come up with in my life  im so screwed "
"your so vain, you probably think this is about you"
nothing better than a full tank of gas and a good weekend heading your way  smile 
no school or work tomoro  smile  what to do   
looking at the top seller books in barnes and nobles amazes me  i cant beleive what people will actually spend their time reading 
im not cut out for this shit 
driving around with bald tires so my truck is drifting every corner in the rain and to top it off both my head lights are out hahaha  lets hope i dont get pulled over 
stevens already has snow! stoked for boarding season  smile )
"ummm, seriously does anyone know how to change headlights? mine are both out    its making driving at night seriously difficult "
i love fall so much 
"i really need to learn how to cook, living off pb&j's just isn't cutting it for me anymore "
i think its time to invest in a rador detector
"i asked my dad for gas money and he gave me twenty bucks   of canadian money  rad, he must have forgotten that we live in the us "
"its dumping snow in the mountains, so ready for snowboarding  smile "
its taken 45 <propfemale> to put a gallon and a half in my car cause the gas is so cold and i saw a fight between two ladies for a gas pump  fun night 
munchieeees 
hookah session  laugh 
long weekend  recovery day is much needed 
humboldt state university application done  smile 
stevens opens wednesday  laugh 
"so tired, worked from ten to six thirty and hot shots was so unbelievably busy today  im so worn out  now to take a power nap and get ready for some fun tonight  smile "
good day  smile  got a christmas tree and decorated the house with my family then watched old christmas movies  couldnt have asked for a better day 
thank you <propfemale> 
"thank you febreze, you have helped me a lot "
hello macbook pro  smile  to bad i have no idea how to use you     
"thats cool, just hack my profile "
sick  sad 
most amazing night ever  smile 
"be thankful for what you have because there are millions out there who have nothing  hearing everyone talk about how there pissed about not getting what they wanted really irritates me  you have a roof over your head, a family that loves you, and food on your table that is all that should matter because there are people out there who would do anything just for a warm place to sleep at night "
one day down  this is gonna be hard 
anyone selling a car i can buy????
i want to feel this good forever 
"\just find two fat kids to stuff in your trunk for leverage if it starts snowing to hard\"" courtesy of my archeology teacher haha """
with all this snow im starting to question my decision of applying to university of alaska fairbanks 
zero's!!!!! they hurt really bad though  annoyed 
gotta love them wobbles 
"dont text or call me anymore, this applies to everyone "
\one pill makes you larger\,4d78a25d29f5288a6e7c827c140df7ab,"42 days until my life is back, i need something to occupy myself  i think ill take up volunteering at a wildlife shelter, go hiking way more and attempt to get my padi started "
41 more days  and 7 above the influence days  congrats brooklynn 
"well, darn it "
"it really irritates me when people complain about everything, even the good things in life, or people who claim that their life is so horrible  i have got some news for you, you have it good! you have food on your table all meals of the day, you have a roof over your head, and live somewhere where you dont have to fear for your life everyday  grow up, and appreciate what you have "
oregon this weekend! so excited  smile 
"i now realize how much washington is just not ment for me, why am i not living in portland yet?!"
california with <propfemale> spring break! oh yes 
i honestly wish there wasn't so much hatred in the world 
"have a phone now, so i am now much easier to get ahold of haha "
"i hope this weather keeps up, i really want to go hiking this weekend  smile "
"stranded with <propfemale> on the side of the road, woo for the car breaking down "
florida+jet ski's+private pools+hot weather+private beach on the gulf of mexico+staying in a million dollar mansion+my best friend=my spring break!!!
