605a8b58405edefaa0994f1e3a4a776a
is it terrible that i only manage to peek into my acct  when the requests pile up?
<propfemale> is taking advantage of the fact that fadi's at work so she can finally get to the computer!
actively rethinking the decision to give up caffeine   
<propfemale> is surendering the computer to her husband 
why do my kids always puke on the three days a year that i have plans to leave the house without them !?!
"enjoying everyone's photos so much, i might have to add some of my own "
"freezing, squishy soccer anyone?"
"once again, avoiding my work by hanging out in fb "
"if i'm already tired now, how will i ever make it through tomorrow?"
so much for shatterproof ornaments   they should make boy-proof ones 
"one day of shopping, and already two days of returns   anyone else see a problem here?"
thank goodness for school   can i tell you how long this vaction has been!?!
"tucked in <propfirst>, the two-year old, tonight   he hugged me and told me that i smelled \delicious \""  then he licked my cheek and told me (mid-cackle) that i taste delicious too """
"decided that the new year needed a new pic   here's <propmale>, who likes to complain that there are no pictures of the two of us together   of course, this is also the child who (again this morning) requested photographic evidence that i was \skinny\"" before i was a mom """
"maybe this new year needs a new job   anyone know of an opening, i'm thinking full-time with benefits, for an eater of bon bons and or reader of romance novels?  because this day gig just isn't doing it for me "
wondering how many of my zta friends are coming to mama's tomorrow for dinner? you know you want to     all alum are welcome for dinner at 5 smile 0   let me know if you'd like more info   hope to see some faces i'm only seeing in the proflie pics lately 
"the alarm clock never went off this morning, so we woke up an hour late   rushed out the door and to school, only to learn that we were an hour early -- since they had a two hour delay!"
wondering how to e playful lain to my little fort-builders that the dining room chairs need to find their way back by dinner time   
"if they're going to throw up, why does it have to be in the car?"
i seriously think i gave myself a concussion at lunch   i was laughing so hard that i bumped my head on a ledge   there are worse ways to go   
"added a friend for four boys in the house today, with a lego obstacle course completed in record time   at least the only battles are playing out through the game controllers   "
"how is it that we all went sledding, we all dug the car back out of the park lot, we all pushed shovels on the driveway, and i'm the only one who wants a nap?"
i can't do one more snow day with these rowdy monkeys   seriously   not one more 
"either this computer hates me, or it really loves the pictures from champagne brunch this weekend because it's sure not letting me get them off the memory card!"
may be surprising my neighbor when i launch this computer right out the window 
"sons outgrow our laps, but  never our hearts   ? ?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??put ? this ? on ? your ? status  ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? awesome ? sons ? in the ? world  !!!!!!!!!!!"
will be needing toothpicks for the eyelids again today   
"so superstitious that i will not mention any abbreviations, state names, or game times    can i just say that i'm anxiously awaiting an evening of cable t v ?"
have survived day three of official easter break while scrubbing yogurt off the walls  wondering who's bright idea it was to load the stuff in shootable tubes   
i vaguely remember a time when i used to sleep at night   
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  they were greatly appreciated   i coudn't thank you sooner, because the bottom of the laptop cracked and dropped my battery  i feel like a negligent parent that needs supervised visits with my computer   this machine hates me!"
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  they were greatly appreciated   i couldn't thank you sooner, because the bottom of the laptop cracked and dropped my battery  i feel like a negligent parent that needs supervised visits with my computer   this machine hates me!"
"cracked the bottom of the laptop, so it shut down every time i touched it   several weeks later, but i can access the internet again   it may be a while before i respond to all of the messages i've been missing "
"<propfirst>, the 3 yr-old, walks up to me and asks, \are you my master?\""  \",605a8b58405edefaa0994f1e3a4a776a,"while writing his name on his first-ever homework paper today, the kindergartner giggles to his older brother, \my \""s\"" has a big behind \""  the third-grader replies"," \""no   grandma taught me this one    it has junk in it's trunk \""   \"605a8b58405edefaa0994f1e3a4a776a,"my momma told me that if i don't have anything nice to say i shouldn't say anything   thankfully, she doesn't have a facebook account  \nothing is budging this foul mood today -- and i can't even blame it on the kids since they're all at school!  i may have to resort to retail therapy   "
"anyone else find it humorous that my arab husband will be making cannoli at the italian festival tonight?  no worries, though   my parents and aunt and uncle will keep him in line "
"sick kids   after a very long and snot-filled weekend, one is beginning to feel better while the next has developed a fever   my days and nights are all backwards \now, if i could just catch up will all of my other work   "
"it is so much better to play soccer in the freezing rain than it is to watch   even when they play a stellar game, wet jeans are a bad thing   and here we thought we might be past all the viruses we seem to be collecting   "
"time for a new profile shot   this one's for <propfirst>, who turned 9 (going on 19) yesterday "
"usually so happy to make it from the car to the house, that any flat surface will do"
"my adult sister tattled on our father today   he sent her a facebook message from his account, which neither of us knew existed   i'm sure i have some unflattering photos to post on his wall -- after he accepts my friend request "
can't wait for sunday!  i'll be at <propfirst> brown stadium with more than 65 other zta volunteers (and two of my own guys) to distribute pink ribbons   think pink! think zeta!
"should i be concerned that <propfirst> is traveling through the house with a toy catalog?  i'm sure i'll find it next to his pillow tonight, just like the scholastic book order form last month "
that thumping you hear would be the sound of my head as i bang it against the wall 
my multi-tasking seems to be broken   
"ok, had a nerve-wracking end to <propfirst>'s first round out tournaments today   gotta love the sudden death shoot-out!  can't wait for tomorrow's round   if i survive <propmale>'s birthday party at mcdonald's this afternoon    who agreed to this craziness?"
"my very busy weekend got a little more exciting when the 2nd floor toilet decided to play waterfall with the three-year old   too bad i was in the basement cleaning up the e playful loding washing machine, or i might have caught it sooner   24hrs later and i'm still feeling the aftershocks   oh, and fadi left for michigan at 4:20 a m   am i having fun yet?"
"finding evidence of halloween carnage around every corner   kit kat wrappers, reese's wrappers, sucker sticks   would love to know which of the boys is hiding the evidence "
"nasty strain of november crankiness going around   my 9-yr old has an ugly case, but i'm seeing symptoms everywhere   fighting it with frequent hand-washing and chocolate consumption   last night, i had to break out the big guns and have a drink "
this one's for my awesome husband!
"a\ teacher is somewhere in the world tonight preparing lessons to teach \your children while you are watching tv  in the minute it takes you to \read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time \for your children's literacy, prosperity, and future  it's american \education week  re-post if you are a teacher, love our teachers, or \appreciate our teachers! if you can read this thank a teacher!"
have deleted my status every time i try to fill it in   fried and frustrated   can't wait for today to be yesterday 
"asking everyone to say a prayer for the us \darkhorse\"" 3rd \",605a8b58405edefaa0994f1e3a4a776a,the only good thing about <propfirst> and i both having a sinus infection is that we get to have an afternoon nap and cuddle 
"i have an awesome aunt!  <propfemale> (and <propmale>) trekked all the way from tipp with a pot full of homemade chicken noodle soup, a fresh loaf of bread, and mini muffins with chocolate chips  smile   all because i mentioned being sick during a text last night   and it is yummy!"
finally got our christmas card done   just decided that it was more important to have fun with my kids while i could   like a last-minute anything from us would be unusual anyway   
"thanks to <propfirst> dewald (editor, in the ud magazine i just pulled out of my mailbox) for reminding me that \there is an italian saying that when the game is over the kings and pawns go back in the same box \"""""
"<propmale> was asking how to spell his teacher's name this afternoon   when i asked why, he told me that he's writing her a letter   you see, kindergarten really isn't that interesting and he'd like to go back to reading with the first graders "
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age, family member's names  remove yourself by searching your name, find your <propfemale>, copy the url then go to the bottom right of the <propfemale> & click on the privacy link to remove yourself  copy & re-post so your fb friends are aware "
"so excited when our home phone rang at 9 this morning after being cut off from my phone, tv, and the net since the afternoon before   unfortunately, it was the neighbor calling to let me know that the power lines are now hanging about two feet farther from the back of the house   as long as a big breeze doesn't come along, that two inches of her tree branch should hold us, right?"
"have decided that chips and dip for lunch is perfectly reasonable, as long as it's followed by fresh berries   now to hide in the kitchen so the kids don't see me   "
"alright ladies   that bottle of wine isn't helping my writing or organizational skills at all, but it was a lot of fun  smile "
