31c9e3bfd4c75f057bdc23f96f7233f4
where'd the snow go?
i just found out what a status is
going to d c tommorow peace!!!
yo there are crazy  amounts of koreans in d c
this thing keeps asking me whats on my mind
anyone up for some chat roulette??
hey what happens if you poke someone?
got the swagger of a crippled   oh noes
mama said knock you out
gran torino is the shit lol
the fucks with these long ass <propfemale> names lol?
"woh    i just changed my picture dingy, that was sweet"
this weather makes me wana streak
running with no shirt makes me thankful asians cant get sun burn    just another reason were better than white ppl hahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahhahaha ha
yo games are hard
essays piss me off
i like batman shaped popsicles!
im just goin around poken everybody  playful 
i dont wana go to school ;'(
why does school take forever                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
all i get on my tv is the food <propfemale>
when life gives you lemons     eat them!!!
i just saw a truck that had a ball sack lol!
this chinese resturant im at has has a surplus of old white people
this chinese foods pretty good for being cooked by mexicans  laugh 
likes fried chicken  surprise 
hates homework  playful 
oh shit! i just pulled an ab! owwwwwwww   
rarely goes a day with out rice
just got a 15 kill streak with a riot shield lol!
life is hard    but my <propmale> is harder hahahhahahahahahaha
im sorry
i kinda wana watch that new toy stories movie
im running with <propmale> gump! laugh 
that
owwwww    pain hurts  sad 
schools finally over for me!!!
sure likes his adventure backpack  laugh 
doesnt give two shits about anything when hes half asleep
"yo my microwave cooks my food so that its blistering hot but when you bite into it, itsw actually a solid piece of ice"
i hate going to the doctors
every time someone trys to guess my race they start with chinese then end up with everything except vietnamese  annoyed 
asian supermarkets beat tops any day
bottle rockets are fun    but they hurt
why do bananas have to look like dicks? it makes me feel homo erotic eating them
i love the 4th of july  laugh 
is laff spelled with one or two f's?
likes sleep   too bad i live next to a busy four way intersection with construction and a car repair shop across the street  sad 
my shower has cold water in the winter and hot water in the summer
"got my spray on tan and a bikini wax, all ready for <propfemale> beach!  laugh "
back from my odyssey  laugh 
people keep thinkin im that kid from <propfemale>'s got talent hahahahaha
"dang bills, but its just pre-season right?"
i love football
why is my fridge is in the middle of my back yard plugged in with an extension through my kitchen window?
are ramen noodles awesome or am i just fucking asian?
yea i know     im a ninja
"im gona peel off your skin, <propfemale> it out to dry, then use it as a condom to fuck your mom!!!"
thank you god for contact sports
"hey i has a question; if guns don't kill people, people kill people right? does that mean that toasters don't toast toast  toast toast toast?"
i love u like a fat kid loves cake
freakn hospitals
"first thing i do when we order pizza, i take off all my clothes so im not the one answerin the pizza guy"
what do you call a bunch of white people siting on a bench      the nba
i think the turkey i ate wants revenge
the doctor guy gave me this numbing stuff in my head and i think it leaked into my brain
i like turtles
i could use another week of break
theres dog shit everywhere when the snow melts
anyone wana owned in black cops?
