0b58699667ce5b9a5219346b45f1be54
"2nd is last day here, i leave on the 3rd  yeah, my ticket is early "
is glad he cheered up <propfemale>  laugh 
described <propfemale> as bright and cheery  i think she's shell shocked!
"leavin at 1400 see you <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, mom, <propmale> y familia, tiffy, tier and everyone else who i visited while i was here  i\ll miss you all in the coming months """
i am now a private in the u s  fucking army  i go forth to benning on thursday  11 x-ray airborne baby! to afghanistan i shall go 
"private stubbs is back in town on christms leave, baby! infantry is the fucking shit! i've shot more weapons then you have excuses for not joining the army!!!"
"oh, and i shot 33 of 40 targets! sharpshooter bitch!"
back from army on leave at some point would like to visit old friendsbefore returning to train on how to kill motherfuckers!
new pictures oh joy!
"who wants to go downtown? i\m bored so fuckin message me"""
let's try this again: who has no new years plans?
"ran into an old friend  laugh   also, commencing operation return to polk at 14 smile 0 tomorrow afternoon  should return to camp misery late night monday  we shall see "
"and before i come back to ft  polk, let it be known that the cowhead show reigns supreme  i'm gonna miss 102 5 on the radio "
http annoyed  www cowheadradio com 
just graduated bct!!!! hello ft polk!!!
polk sucks  it's literally a 5 mile wide fucking base  the training area is bigger than the base is!!!
"i'd like to have sex some time this week  ft polk sucks, very few females"
meeting my unit today  1bn 509th airborne
"at my unit now, it's a little wierd,and i'm the youngest guy, but it's chill  they get to grow beards here  and they wear old uniforms "
going red next week; it's time to be a terrorist!
lovin my new rifle! remington 770  300 winchester magnum  why start small?
"well, being a mole didn't work so well  let's try terrorist "
"we just kicked the ass of 2 platoons from 101st with 12 people  yeah, we fucking own!"
"qualified 38 and koalified 12 smile 0 yesterday  also, beat out a lt"
"well, just finished team livefire during both day and night, managed not to get killed by friendly fire  how's everyone else "
just finished a 12-miler yesterday  worst part? getting up a 2 am to do it 
"fixin to go into the field for 3 days time tomorrow  squad live fire  really, i'd rather stay in the rear and sleep "
"squad live fire completed, and my squad was the best one out there  good times  still hate nods though "
i want to be a part of a real unit goddamnit!!!!! everyone i know is leaving to fight! i was the only motherfucker to get chosen for this shit! wtf!
"anyways, all's well, it's gonna suck goin to work tomorrow though "
thing i miss most from civvy life: romance 
thing i miss most from civvy life: romance and kindness
i miss romance 
"well, busted my knees this mornin, but i'm still truckin on "
"ready to kill some more bluefor tomorrow  considering we captured 6 soldiers last time, we should be good tonight"
"took at least four captives, took out a patrol  well, i helped to execute the captives and i helped kill the patrol, but i got killed trying to lay down a wood pallet on c-wire so we could get across "
listening to some of my favorite songs  currently playing: emperor of the void by candlemass
promoted to pfc and going to airborne school 8 20
thinkin of somebody   
tired!
fixin to head out with recon and fuck shit up!
"also, escaped from two squads last night somehow "
"back from recon, pissed the hell out of bluefor tonight, had them literally running scared  we massacred them throughout the day with 3 (3!) people  the spent the whole day thinkin we were in the woods "
aye my feet are soaked!
wtf! dio has died! noooooooooo!
"more dead bluefor  i, by myself, got into a 10 minute firefight where i was able to literally milk only two mags against these fools   and, of course, i had to yell the obligatory allahu akbar bang bang etc "
"man, i don't wanna go out in the field lol  i'll be off for 5-6 days time 0600 tomorrow  geronimo's work is never done  i'd rather stay and talk to stace, dyl, and mom"
you ever get that feeling that theres something you need or want and it's just out of your grasp?
"well, good night all who lurk on my profile at night and sometimes day, i'm off to complete my tasks for tonight  if you need anything from me, you'll just have to wait  sucks, i know "
"on posx till 11 a m , then back to field  poor, poor bluefor  laugh "
"finished messing up 4th brigade 101st airborne division, sorry for denying you sleep, blackmon, costello, tylka, and boyle  just doin my job lol "
coming home this weekend!
"a couple more days and i'll be in sarasota  so close and so far  i'll be flyin in around 11 smile 0 a m , so heres to hopin for no delays "
"tomorrow night i'm outta this mother fucker for 4 days  still, gotta wake up early for work "
waiting
impatiently
"in <propmale> airport waiting to go to <propfirst> airport, where i'll be staying over night until i fly to tampa "
"at <propfirst> airport, awaiting next flight at 8 a m "
currently sitting in tampa international airport  fuck yeah it's good to be back  i'd forgotten how vibrant everything is here!
"lol\ so excited to be back "
in sarasota now
had a great night! sunday is too far away  why can't tomorrow be sunday?
"lol loving the sun, but not sure what i want to do "
anyone going downtown tonight and wanna <propfemale>? message me 
"lookin for something to do, message me on here or ask me for my number and we'll chill  i've got tonight and tomorrow to <propfemale> before i gotta return to louisiana"
"going to fogts, then <propfirst> ash  if you like music, you can find me there  i am so going to end up buying something i shouldn't hehe "
"alright, time to bite the bullett and return to polk  wish me luck, and hope that these next two months go swiftly so i can return to chill with y'all for a whole 2 weeks "
back in the shit 
i am livid  i've forgotten my laptop charger 
"some people say my love cannot be true\please believe me, my love, and i'll show you\i will give you those things you thought unreal\the sun the <propfemale> the <propfemale> all bear my seal"
off work and chillin
totally need an actual camera 
where's the next ozzfest taking place? i need to know!
"ran a 14 surprise 8 2 mile  i'm not sure, but that may be my fastest 2-mile yet "
"listening to lonely day by system of a down  i dunno, it's been a good day, it's just i feel kinda blah, in the middle, no particular emotion "
"on days like these, i wish i had a band lol  it would be amazing to have someone to jam with "
another 4 day  sweet 
listenin to no more tears
sleep is for the weak     and the soldierly 
"heading out to friend's tonight to hopefully have fun doing    whatever, fuck if i know "
"aye, what to do, what to do, i think i'll go home and try to write a song  wish me luck "
stayed up till 7 a m  trying to figure out this song with laramore 
"chillin at slackerz, watchin people play magic "
argh it's so irritating not having my laptop charger  i miss everything lol 
found out someone i thought hated me definitely doesn't last night  and that made my week!
"twas a decent day  still hate pt, and certainly not a fan of cross fit lol "
http annoyed  www penny-arcade com comic 2010 6 4 
back to work tomorrow  i vote for more weekends and less work   and coffee  defintely lots of coffee 
"so, starbucks anyone?"
hopefully might get a req for hawaii! we will see 
no hawaii or weekend  sad  missed out on my requisition 
"anyhow, at least the work this weekend will involve ammunition, and i can deal with that "
"lime and limpid green\a second scene,\a fight between the blue\you once knew \floating down the sound resounds\around the icy waters underground\jupiter and saturn \oberon <propfemale> and titania \neptune titan\stars can frighten   you"
listening to astronomy domine by pink <propmale> with syd <propmale>
work at 1500  sucky
"well, back from the woods, how's everyone else?"
"well, didn't die during live fires  still managed to hurt myself though; yeah, it pretty much figures i've yet to go through one training event without either injuring myself in some small way or walking through something i shouldn't have  i'm a walking accident lol "
watchin crank
"lol so my <propfemale>'s hurt, got a rope burn on the other leg, and my neck feels like a very strong midget is hanging from it whilst kicking me in the spine   at least it's friday "
on freedomfest detail all weekend long  least i get to wear acu's for the first time in forever 
"well, finished with freedom fest, sorta met trace adkins (my opinion, he's a prick to soldiers) and now cleanup is all that's left  and by god, we'd better get compensated for our lost 4day weekend!"
"also, it was one of the worst e playful eriences of my life  that airfield is fucking trashed  god damn you leesville, god damn you!"
"oh, btw, totally nabbed some trace adkins signature guitar picks, so i've got three, willing to give up at least one cause i'm not a fan  still, good sturdy picks "
listenin to music  right now: holy diver
"symptom of the universe, black sabbath"
"what's everyone up to, eh?"
"you ever look back on your life and wish you'd spent more time with somebody? i wish me and my brother had <propmale> out more, cause between him and i, we're the only two that got each other's backs guaranteed  dylan,bro, once i come off leave (if i get it) we'll chill, and failing that, we'll <propfemale> out some weekends gotta make up for lost time  that, and you've a knack for gettin into awesomely fucked up funny situations "
wants to go back to florida and go to lido beach  osprey wouldn't  be bad either 
gonna print out some tabs
"exhausted, but got the night off (again) so i suppose there's not too much to complain about "
just got off the phone with an old friend  it's nice to catch up with someone you've not seen in nearly a decade 
"almost the 31st  i won't be coming home as i had hoped, but the time off will still be welcome "
that profile pic? that's how the stubbs bros roll  sleep in all day every day bitches!
"just wrote a new guitar riff  don't really have a name for it yet, and it's not finished, but i've got an intro, bridge, and backing and main riffs to play off of, so it's gettin there"
"ahh bored got an hour and a half to kill, anyone wanna chat or what have you?"
or know any interesting apps?
just trying to kill time
"sometimes, you know what you want, but there is a temporarily insurmountable obstacle in your way  this is one of those times "
"wishes he could see all the people important to me  i'm just dying to see tiff, tier, <propfemale>, mom, dyl, <propfirst>, maddy, sissy, <propfemale>, <propmale>, the schumers, and others in my family  i wish i could see y'all now "
"wouldn't mind seeing dad either, though it's been a long time since we've really had a father son relationship  it might not have ended so very well, but the time has come to rebuild  i want to be the one to start reconnecting the severed bonds that used to connect my family and friends  everyone is so disconnected, and no one is making the effort to repair this  i might as well be the one "
"and i want to be there for <propfirst> maddy and sissy in their high school years, because they don't have a great example to follow and i don't want them to end up like me "
bored out of my mind 
"i'm up out of here, see y'all later "
"just finished mowing battalion's lawn  an eventful day, to be sure "
playin guitar at 4 a m  nothin better
"well, pt in the mornin "
"good god it's over 100 degrees here  i feel like i'm baking  or, at least deflating "
"goin to norfolk tomorrow, gonna see some family i haven't seen for nearly 10 years whilst saving leave days for christmas to see my family in florida for x-mas"
"every day i sit and wonder how my life it used to be\now i feel like going under, now my life is hard to see\so tell me people, am i going insane?\tell me people, am i going insane?\\am i going insane- black sabbath"
currently at airborne school    finally 
pt test tomorrow  now it's a matter of staying out of the 41 club 
"pt test passed, continuing on with school"
just got done doing plfs (which were surprisingly pain free) fixin to shower and go to px  anyone want to join me?
"well done for the day, exhausted, sweaty, and preparing for another 3 5 mile run tomorrow  too easy "
"alright, done for the week, now on to the weekend"
"enjoyin the weekend, and tower week is next, so it's time to begin falling from the sky"
"quit my job this morning said forever \i would hold my head up high \cause i need metal in my life \just like an eagle needs to fly \so i walked outside into the street \from a hall i heard thunder and screams \i walked inside so i could hear \and the guy beside me gave me a beer \he had his fist up in the air \and called me brother said my friends \are over there"
"they call themselves immortals \they're the truest of the true \and in that very moment \i was born again like you \\they said hold your head up high \raise your fist up in the air \play metal louder than hell \louder than hell"
die for metal by manowar
"well got fucked over on cq, but got time to start reading a clockwork orange  it's infinitely better than the movie, and the movie was classic "
3 more days training this week 
"drinking that awful cerra sport they make you put in your canteen in airborne school  no matter what flavor they are, they always suck  it's basically flavored hydration salts "
thank god for the 1st and 15th  laugh 
"best wishes to <propmale> <propfirst>, i hope you get your shit straight bro  and kill some hajj for me since i can't be there to help "
"learned how to play lucky on the guitar, don't know why, now gonna shower change and go ot breakfast  my body feels like    well, it feels like i've been slamming into rocks for two weeks  can't really make up a phrase that sums it up better than the reality "
"there's nothing like a great guitar, who needs money girls or cars  a good guitar can get these things, the power omnipresent in these 6 strings  and while the party will come and go, a great guitar plays from your soul  so if you find these statements true, keep rocking on, say i to you "
"some last minute plf's today, and then tomorrow i ascend to the heavens "
"viddy well, o my brothers and sisters, and keep your glazzies heaven-ward and your gulliver clear as an azure sky of deepest summer; tomorrow i will be earthbound "
"so       totallly jumped out of a couple planes today  words cannot describe the way it feels to leave your feet and float (read: fall) to the ground  i wish i could e playful lain, but i simply can't  suffice it to say, it's the best thing i have ever felt in my life  ever "
"well, finished jump 5 and it was a wtf type landing  what i mean by that is, of the over 2,000 yards of land to fall into, i fell into a culvert pipe whatever you want to call it  that's right  i parachuted into a pipe  pretty damn sore right now, but not broken, so at the very least i got an interesting story now  also, 4 dudes nearly bought the farm today "
"go to 5jump com if you want to get my airborne pics (to the family) class 33-10 3rd platoon, #674"
"before you <propfemale> on with your day, remember what events happened on this day in 2001 and honor those no longer with us "
"well, nearly back to ft polk, home of the laser tag infantry "
just posted some guitar vids  i've noticed i come up with better stuff when i'm not really thinking about it
"will be busy next two months, so i'll be on intermittently but briefly in that time, so forgive me if i am not as quick to respond as you would like  smile "
"going to work soon, leave me a message if you want to talk and i'll get back to yas"
"if i can find an excuse to dress up for halloween, i'm going to be <propfirst>  it's the the most awesome costume ever  also, anyone have any ideas for a heavy metal related tattoo?"
http annoyed  www dailymotion com video xeumwx_jack-johnson-at-or-with-me-featurin_music
"fixing to grab some caffeinated solution, return to my lair to blast the bayous of ft  polk with glorious metal, and going to <propfemale> out with a friend in lake <propfirst> tonight  for once, an eventful day in this terribly dull and hopeless state "
"listening to some cd's i found at jr's military surplus store and preparing to go into the field in the morning  cd's are\\aenima - tool\hello nasty - beastie boys\devil without a cause - kid rock\god hates us all - slayer\broken - nine inch nails\rage against the machine - rage against the machine"
"it kind of sucks to see these beautiful young women i crushed on back home going about their lives and knowing that i may never get the <propmale> to ask them out now that i've finally got the balls 3 to do so 3 years on  good lord, a great many regrets, but here's to possible futures "
"man, i recorded some really good licks today, then while i'm going over them i look down and realize my recorder can't transfer over to computer  shite!!!!!!!!! i'm gonna have to go out and find one with a usb port  anyone got suggestions for a good one? it needs to be able to handle extremely high and low frequencies without \bottoming out\"""""
peace and world domination to all!
"when i get out, i'm gonna try and be the best brother to <propfemale> she'll ever have  and to the other kids, i'll be there for you too  family first "
"ok, so to take the driving test in skeezeville, i'm supposed to provide my own vehicle  question: how do i legally drive a car to the dmv by myself (yes, i understand someone else can drive, but that's beside the point)"
intergalactic planetary planetary intergalactic
must fight urge to listen again      must channel inner metal    
helluluyah!
"now, returning to chill mode    goblincock  this is a band i would totally make "
"bored to tears, and got to go back to work tomorrow"
arrrgh 2013 i'm setting out to form a band!
"i don't want to hear your conspiracy theories about 9 11 because they are bullshit, disrespectful, and patently (and proven) false  goddamnit!"
"gonna get my jump on tomorrow  and thanks, dad, for the new phone on it's way "
r i p  <propmale> giraldo 
"had my <propfemale> jump with 1-509th today, and it went well  fell fast, landed soft  anyhow, on to the three day!"
"what to do        music and guitar are a given, but surely there is something else to do around here?"
"reading latest issue of time magazine, and there's an article on westboro baptist church     i hope someone burns down their church, because those people are fucking evil "
back to work tomorrow  woo 
confirmed: orders to 2nd brigade 82nd  hopeful: deploy and do my freaking job 
"uh oh, this minecraft game is kinda fun    i might lose some hours of sleep "
feuer frei!
dreamer by ozzy osbourne
"gazing through the window at the world outside, wondering will mother earth survive \hoping mankind will stop abusing her, sometime  after all there's only just the two of us, and here we are still fighting for our lives, watching all of history repeat itself, time after time "
die for metal
"they can't stop us, let them try, for heavy metal we would die"
"quit my job this mornin, said forever i would hold my head up high \cause i need metal in my life, just like an eagle needs to fly \so i walked oustside into the street, from a hall i heard thunder and screams\i walked inside so i could hear, and the guy beside me, gave me a beer"
mannish boy by muddy waters
http annoyed  www somethingawful com d photoshop-phriday classic-films-porn php
will be out in the field a while  see y'all in a week 
"was listening to: i got invited to the orgy by arsonists get all the girls\\now listening to : mr roboto by styxx "
"back from the field, and i'm done with trench warfire for a while "
"doing stx, i e  am i working hard or hardly workin?"
"tired and exhausted, but still working "
"happy thanksgiving all! first and foremost i am grateful to those soldiers currently out in the sandbox, especially my friends from bct  keep your heads down and stay safe  also, i am grateful for all the things my mom has done through all the hard times we've had  and finally, to my good friends, you know who you are, and thank you for your enduring friendship "
"got to <propfemale> out with tiffy and tier yesterday, first time in abnout a year  man i missed those two "
r i p  <propfirst> nielson 
i like jumping     i do not like -1 parachutes  hitting the ground that fast was not the highlight of my career 
"hey y'all, i know i dropped off the map for a couple weeks there  been busy here with army shite, but i'll be on my way home very soon  i'll be around the areas of bradenton, sarasota, and ellenton "
tron!
"pt test     easy, sure, but still hate doing it "
"i am back home, finally!  laugh "
"going to be in town later today with my brother, gonna prob go to the mall and eventually go see tron  so see y'all around  it's been a long time  smile "
"goin into town, maybe see some friends "
will go to town if taxi ever gets here 
"r i p  papi  i will miss you, and everything i've ever done in my life was done in the hopes i'd make you proud  i love you, and will miss you always "
thinking about getting a tattoo in memory of my grandfather 
"gonna go get some extra presents for the holiday, and got a cheap little guitar that sounds nice "
when i get back to polk i'll upload the slew of photos and video i've got 
playing guitar  give me a song to learn peoples
"two more days at home, than back to polk  these next two months had better fly by quickly"
i feel as though i am on the cusp of some sort of epiphany or self discovery  now if only i knew what it was   
all i need in this life is a great woman and a good guitar 
go airforce!!!!!  wink  i love the air force i wanna switch branches!!!!!!
"i didn't write that gay ass airforce bullshit, my pogue friend did  goddamn pogues!"
eyeborgs! they're coming to get you! there's no government! aaaghghghghghghh!!!
don't mess with rambo!
