c30ed42eae50fa6e10c67a9556d0f13b
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes!  here's to another great decade!
has a new hero: captain subtext 
wants to go sailing in greece   
loves homemade oatmeal chocolate chip cookies   yum!
has discovered the drawbacks to planning months ahead   
loves it when good girls go bad    especialy <propfirst> waldorf 
thinks your resentment is delicious 
just got done eating tacos from kogi in downtown la   all i can say is yum!
"loves in & out    no, not the hamburger joint, but the sushi roll from niko niko sushi   deliciousness personified!"
"is \glee\""-ing for the millionth time    september 16th baby!"""
is dreaming of santorini and mykonos tonight   
"is going to greece!!!!  sailing around the islands for a week    santorini and mykonos, here i come!!!!"
wonders if he will be labeled as domestic abuser from now on 
can't wait for the pumpkin cupcakes to come out from <propfemale>'s   just another few months!
"is excited for greece, but not looking forward to the looooong layovers "
"just found out that you can buy tickets to the a's where you can get all-you-can-eat grub   whose up for nachos, hot dogs, and malts?"
"really hates it when people can't get his name right   is it really that difficult to tell \roland\"" apart from \""ronald\""?  i mean seriously   """
likes the nickname bitter brooklyn <propfemale> 
is back from tahoe    only to be planning a new tahoe trip in february!
is happy virgin refunded his plane ticket to nyc    va rocks!
is full of lobster meat thanks to a good 'ol mainer  smile 
wants to know who would like a slice of red <propfemale> cake?
has just philadelphia and a 10-hour flight to athens in his way before sailing off into the cyclades!
does not think it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia  annoyed 
thinks that men's capri pants and fannypacks should be banned for good 
is back in athens after six glorious days in the cyclades 
is surprised about the wildlife action going on in athens 
is back home after traveling for over 24 hours through four different airports 
is sad that energy 92 7 is going off the air   gonna miss <propmale> and <propmale> 
is hoping to channel <propfemale> child for the boeuf bourguignon!
is excited to be a student again   can we say discounts?
"has statistics on the brain, and that's not a good thing "
is happy to have reconnected with a fellow warwicker  smile 
wants to throw the accounting book down the drain 
is looking forward to 'glee' this week because he's looking for 'somebody to love' 
is going to soon realize that accounting is not economics   playful 
thought he was beginning to like accounting    but nope 
is excited to play volleyball again tonight 
thinks that 'somebody to love' is giving 'don't stop believin'' a run for its money in the play count section of my itunes 
coaxed a berkeley <propfemale> bear to root for <propmale> tonight    smile 
can't remember the last time he undid the top button of his jeans because he was so full   food coma is a huuuuuge understatement 
preparing for my first midterm since 2002    first up: accounting!
"would like to yell at his accounting book and set it on fire, but knows it won't do any good "
"wonders what's up with all the gunn kids offing themselves lately    school was stressful, but not that stressful!"
would like to wish a very special someone a very happy birthday  smile 
"is getting ready to get the sh*t scared out of him with \the shining\"""""
is preparing for midterm no  3    statistics 
"realizes that going to whole paycheck on an empty stomach is a baaaad idea   case in point: $20 for salad   granted, it was a 2 5 lb  salad, but still, $20 for salad none-the-less "
knows how he is spending his winter vacation: watching back episodes of mtv shows like the real world road rules challenge    all archived in mtv!
wishes people would stop using caltrain as a method to end their lives 
wants to eat his feelings away 
"cannot believe that it's been six months since that drunken night at <propfemale>'s birthday party    it's been a fun six months, that's for sure!"
can't believe he wanted at la trappe for 2 hours    only to be told that they were out of hamburgers   such a tragedy 
"hopes that gargling cayenne pepper and salt will help with his sore throat, stat!"
had no idea that toast and avocado would taste so addicting   
just sweet-talked his way to an a on his stats mid-term   boo-yah!
is ready for some shut-eye after finishing his stats notes 
"is thankful for a loving family, amazing friends    and the fact that accounting will be over in two weeks   happy turkey (or tofurkey for you veggies!) day!"
is now addicted to his kindle   damn you amazon!
"is stoked to be a cardinal fan   first the women's soccer make it to the final four, then the women's volleyball team stave off cal for the pac-10 championship   awesome "
goooooooooal!!!!! i bow to o'hara!
goooooooal!!!!! press with the long-range bomber!!!!! <propmale> onto finals!
just wants to sit back and veg for three weeks    until school starts up again 
wants to know what the difference is between <propfemale> claus and tiger woods?  <propfemale> claus stops at three ho's    haha!
hates being punk'd by accounting know-it-alls!
wants to drop kick a certain professor upside the head with his shady grading policies   
has a deep-fried oreo food coma 
is enjoying catching up on his tv shows 
has just found a new gg crush   *sigh*
"just saved over $350 on textbooks, though they are still waaaaay to e playful ensive "
is not looking forward to finding a new roommate   grrrr   
just converted another person to glee 
just finished catching up on all of his shows and is ready to let his tivo become full again as school will once again take over   
is having the worst nye ever    <propfemale> really blows!
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes!  the <propfemale> birthday was a fun celebration!
is all set for avenue q next friday!
wants a burger   badly   meat   
"can't believe he was hit on by a cute female ucsf medical student tonight, complete with her own wing-woman   awkwardness ensued "
thought sexism in the workplace was dead   guess not 
thinks it's official: finance is worse than accounting 
is enjoying the rainy weather    as long as he doesn't get drenched 
is worried now    two midterms in one day   yikes 
wonders why these damn course concepts are taking so long!  arugh!
is jumping up for joy    econ midterm got moved back a week!
is just going to bed after a fantastic dance party!  smile 
thinks it is only too appropriate for  the misadventures of <propmale> and <propfemale>: lake tahoe edition to start off with <propfemale> missing her flight   twice 
can't believe he took 816 photos over the weekend   lots of editing to do!
loved the look on <propmale> gretzky's face as he waited for the other leg to rise up from the ground   
has a food coma from fenton's 
is taking his final midterm today    but then it's off to do group projects and finals   cannot wait until march 16!
is doing a jiggy dance thanks to finance 
can't believe there is another hour of finance! <groan>
"wants to congratulate <propfemale> and <propfirst> on their new baby, born this morning!"
thinks there's really not a whole lot that can beat out vanilla bean ice cream and homemade hot fudge    
"overheard an scu undergrad say to her friend, \she's such a prude!  she makes me look like such a whore!\"""""
wants to hear from people the pros and cons about living in the city and going to school in the south bay    anyone?
wants to know why the weather has been so schizophrenic lately 
is counting down the days until finals are over!
"just saw 'up in the air '  depressing movie, but a good one none-the-less "
is geared up for march madness once finals are over!
wants to know who is ready to go back to school?  anyone?
loves his marketing class   great way to start off the quarter!
"really, really hates it when people call him <propfirst>   don't people know how to read?"
is curious if anyone else in the city knew that <propfemale> park was built on a former graveyard??
did not know that dolphins were gay sharks 
"is so excited to be going to school for eight hours and can't hold in the excitement    (if you couldn't tell, sarcasm meter is very high right now) "
is making a cookies and cream ice cream cake with a whipping pound cake base for graduation    and getting hungry!
is in a fabulous mood    happy dance!
is glad his professor thought he was 15 years old after <propmale>'s mother thought i was 31  as if!
believes in the magic of fenton's    until at least waking up in the morning with a stomachache!
hates writing   anyone want to write a paper on the marketing ethics of plastic surgeons?
has finally finished the first draft of his 505 paper and won't touch it again til monday   huzzah!
"is excited for a cookie coma, courtesy of <propfemale> hernando!"
wants to make a mental note to never go to crater lake when there is still snow on the ground 
bows down to <propfirst> isner   forget the us soccer team   59-59 in the fifth before the frenchie wanted to stop play   surprised they are still standing!
is about to lose his money in poker   really fast 
is catching up on his tv and can't believe the season finale of grey's anatomy   simply unbelievable and intense 
is headed back east tonight to face the humidity and mosquitos!
"is pondering homework or facebook family feud on his bus ride up to maine   ah, the wonders of free wi-fi!"
has spied another asian in maine!
is hoping for the fog to go away so he has one last <propmale> at an awesome sunset photo!
loves free slurpee day at 7 11!
"is in sushi heaven, thanks to <propmale> wong   salmon and tuna!"
"is surprised he got sunburned    but doesn't look like a lobster, unlike some other people!"
walked into the wrong classroom    again 
is excited to go tasting at <propfemale>'s cupcakes tomorrow with <propfemale> barbee!  <drool>
is on a cupcake overdose and the stomach is paying the price 
thinks its funny that his investment professor assumes he'll go gaga over <propfemale> fox   if he only knew    haha!
"is thinking about a movie this weekend    what should we see?  inception, salt, or the kids are all right?"
"is excited to be done with his deadbeat roommate - no more dealing with dirty dishes, broken dishes, or late payments!"
is sad that the telestuart <propfemale> officially ended today at 6:19pm 
"is sad that the awesome, incomparable <propfemale> <propfirst> is leaving for oz tomorrow  best wishes and lots of hugs!!"
has realized he is not a morning person when this was the third straight morning he cursed at the alarm clock as it went off 
has changed his phone number to 650-804-5150   update your phones everyone!
"is giddy    not from sugar, but from his summer grades   yippee!"
"had a great time celebrating <propmale> shiran's birthday and <propfemale> barbee's bacherlorette party!!!! amf, amf, amf!!!"
"had a nice time reminiscing about warwick with <propfemale> sangalang and sanam sulveen alam    ah, great britain, how i miss thee "
"is in a great mood, thanks to <propfirst> bublé, <propfirst> powter, and <propfirst> swift "
is excited to have gotten into econ 401 with <propfemale>!  no heineke!
"just saw bad education - it was a fantastic movie!  great cinematography and a thrilling, suspenseful storyline   highly recommended    even for those who don't like foreign films "
loves it when people are in the wrong classroom at the beginning of the quarter 
"really, really hates it when people can't spell his name right   even after they see it in an email "
is an inebriated mango  smile 
needs more snoozes in his alarm clock  sad 
wants to go to <propfemale>'s cupcakes now! pumpkin spice is back!!!!!
is sharing a mangled <propfemale>'s pumpkin cupcake with <propmale> brown   first of many cupcakes to come this fall!
is surrounded by braves fans in sfo   boo 
"learned two things tonight: 1) stop overpacking, especially for a two-day trip; and 2) remember to always double check to bring pants to a wedding "
wants to reiterate that his consumer behavior marketing class is probably the most disappointing class thus far at <propfemale> <propfemale> 
is thinking about bear-a-dise   
thought today was supposed to be his day off to study for his midterm    and yet he is still doing work away from the office   hurray for the part-time student full-time worker status!
"is super stoked he got his independent course approved!  next quarter, it'll be branding, branding, branding!"
is on the giants bandwagon   let's go sf!
officially hates the fact that the giants won the world series   thank you caltrain for all the delays today 
"feels like he is in a war zone with all the helicopters circling in oakland, not to mention the many policemen out on the streets   "
"loves that he can get harvard business review articles for free, thanks to scu   yay!"
just finished playing <propfirst> <propmale> the e playful erience and is shocked at how good of a trash talker his mother is 
"is so in love with <propfirst> swift   sorry <propmale> brown, you're out of luck  smile "
is done with finals    now it's time to study branding!
just got the kinect    it's time to power up!!!
hates people who break up with others via text message and would love nothing more than to egg and tee-pee their house > sad 
missed the big east coast blizzard and is now enjoying the cold maine weather!
thinks the summer maine activities (boating and lobstering) definitely outweigh the winter maine activities (shoveling the front porch and using the snow blower) 
"in tahoe, baby!"
is on his way back after a successful tahoe trip 
is pissed that airlines are now charging you to pick your seats in advance   wtf!?!?!
is making meyer lemon ice cream to go with <propmale> brown's <propfemale> <propfemale> snap cookies!
would rather be playing angry birds than studying linear programming 
"is excited to see \next to normal\""!"""
really hates studying on a gorgeous afternoon   ugh 
is tahoe-bound for the weekend!
hates being a victim of identity theft  sad 
"is one class down, two to go in the quarter!"
"is a firm, firm believer in the power of networking!  smile "
is now only six classes away from getting an mba!
is wondering how many lives the butler bulldogs have   
is done with day 1 as ubisoft's newest associate brand manager!  now just settling in for some good college basketball   
thinks his omis 357 professor does sound like <propmale> stein 
is completely brain dead and needs to go home pronto 
loves march madness but really loathes april 
is looking to do french laundry at the end of june    anyone have any suggestions on how to go about making reservations?
finally got his omis professor to admit that he refers his wife as his ex-girlfriend   what a hoot 
"thinks he just should have slept at the train station tonight, since he has to be there in less than seven hours anyway   "
is sad that the first phase of operation the french laundry failed 
is officially french laundry bound!  yay!
"if you are a new parent that enjoys running, cross country running, or track & field, please fill out this short survey for my product marketing class  it is approximately 5-10 minutes  and please, forward this to other friends of yours! we need as many responses as possible  thank you! click here to take the survey: http annoyed  bit ly ljzijh"
is home before 10pm for the first time in a long time   yay!
is off to go oyster hunting!
can't believe it's been two years since meeting <propmale> brown   happy anniversary!  smile 
is excited for the glee concert tomorrow night!
"now knows what feels like to be a teenage girl lusting after nkotb, n*snyc, and <propfirst> bieber all rolled into one after attending tonight's glee concert  finn, <propfirst> or <propfirst> - please call me "
has just one more night of studying and then done until september    but is there enough motivation to care?
"is free from school for 104 days and will have time to go fruit picking, travel, eat at french laundry, do movies in <propfemale> park, make <propfemale> ice cream, and other fun stuff!"
had an awesome time tonight at the gallagher-brown wedding   congrats to <propmale> m  brown and <propfemale> gallagher!!!!!
"can't believe that we have <propfirst> isner-nicolas mahut, round ii at wimbledon   epic match last year and hopefully we'll see another great one "
is a happy camper after having fried chicken for both lunch and dinner   thanks <propfemale> fausey and <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
is really sad to be leaving ubisoft    but super excited about the french laundry!
"can't believe how much food he ate    and strangely, wants more from the french laundry "
had a perfect lazy sunday in calistoga with <propmale> brown 
is anxious to see how his first day at autodesk will go tomorrow   
really detests red-eye flights to the midwest   ugh 
wonders why it is raining right now on the east coast   didn't it get the memo that it's summer?!?!?
will be visiting maine at the end of the summer   hooray for lobster and sailboats!
"ended a great weekend with homemade ribs and \morning glory \""  doesn't get much better than this!"""
"is just discovering \arrested development\"" and loving it """
is blaming <propfemale> miyachi for an impulse purchase   damn you amazon prime!
is hating the fact that it's already august   summer is flying by   
"is absolutely stuffed after taking <propfemale> miyachi and <propfemale>na christodoulides to little <propfemale> pizza for the first time   nom, nom, nom!"
loves having screaming children on red-eye flight   just lovely 
is probbaly the only person on earth who is sad that the work week is winding down   how did the week fly by so quickly?
is unhappy with a sore hip and heel   damn running 
is sad that summer is officially over   19 days until the grind starts all over again   
is trying to muster up the energy to make brown sugar ice cream with <propfemale> caramel swirls   but we'll see   
when will these <propmale> protests actually end?
has one more presentation to go!  can't wait for this to be over   
is making paella as an end-of-the-summer feast   it's been great knowing you summer    here comes the fall!
"is going back to ubisoft    woot, woot!"
loves paying for classes that are utterly useless 
wants to know what goes well with red pants  or is that too yuppie-looking?
loaded his flash drive to do work on the plane    only to leave it at work   doh!
"is weary from cross-country travel   boston, i hardly knew ya "
