456aecccc2c1a1fd00f05daafc4afcce
happy birthday to meeee!!!
yippieee!!!!
wants to go on a freaking grand adventure  right     now 
happy 4th everybody!!
"rest in peace, uncle <propmale>  i love you "
i love family 
hope i'm not in over my head 
fuck
the butterflies in my stomach   they could bring me to my knees   smile 
alexx music   smile   love 3
"got to meet the cutest little baby today! welcome to the world, <propmale>!"
class todayy
cool 
word 
is moving out wayyy soon! can't freakin' wait!
who's ur official boloada?
work school homework packing moving chilling busy busy busy busy 
shakespeare!
awake
needs cash
kickin it
think i might take a drive into the mountains  such a beautiful day 
"if it isn't making dollars, then it isn't making sense "
just thankful 
slowest new years <propfemale> in pizza hut history!! where are all my drunken pizza eaters?!?
helllloooo mmxi!!
this week is lame 
"this week is lame  really, really, reeally effing lame "
happppyyy 
yay for not dying in the mountains in the middle of a snow storm after getting stuck in a snowbank for hoursss 
no wonder i like vodka  i love potatoes!
"i vote it should stop snowing  i mean, less is more these days, isn't it?"
so i got a snowday  during my spring break  super cool 
today is a good day to kill time by taking pictures  
nothin beats bird watching at 5:54 on a saturday  smile 
taco <propfemale> and techno on a thursday night 
what a silly day
i hate that i have like $600 bucks and i'm still technically broke  ha  lame 
so much pizzzzza!! ugh  ready to go home 
adventure is in the air!!
"what a weekend! friday- work  saturday- work, party  sunday- party, work  monday- work? clean, pack, party?!"
"awesome! more things missing from my room and my conditioner is water! gee i sure do love my roommates to bits! i mean, really, who wouldn't?"
growing up is cool  until you run outta cash 
no cell right now  i can get texts and get calls but i can't send any texts or make any calls! hit me up if ya wanna kick itt!!
and now my ipod is stolen  woohoo! best year ever for stuff getting jacked 
woohoo! yay for phone service!!
time for work!
"nothing to do, no where to go  and i totally forgot to save something for this rainy day "
"well gee, what a bummer  once again, i have no phone "
so happy i have my phone back again! should be for good this time!  smile 
i hate moving   
all alone in an empty apartment  i would rather have company  or at least tv 
so not ready to move back home 
oh gee  life   
had an awesome 4th!! definately a good year 
"oh, goodnight, <propfemale> "
sponge+starfish=scallop?
"i really don't care for when life is a bummer  not really, at all "
"sometimes there are just those friday's where working til midnight is just plain undesirable  okay, maybe most of them are that way "
i think my lips may very well be permanently stained red from <propfemale> kool-aid  gee how i love summer   smile 
"has decided that chapstick brand chapstick is now her favorite because, unlike the other leading brands of chapstick, chapstick brand chapstick doesn't melt in your car when it's nearing 1000 degree weather outside   smile "
lesson #0000-12563000- how to make fire: flick my bic
i really need to figure out how to get out of my friday night shifts   
yay for friday night at pizza hut almost being over
oh tuesday how i wish you were friday or saturday 
it's a somethingmaphone    with a bow
watchin <propmale> gump now and just runnin with the rest of the day 
happy shark week!  smile 
forgot to bring my coloring book to work again  damn 
"i want to be getting off work now  instead, i'm going in  yay   hopefully it's a good night   smile "
why do people run in the rain? especially a sprinkle  i just don't get what's so bad about it 
   bermuda triangle   dressed up like a robot   it's gonna be great!!
lovin girls night!!
"almost got an eye infection  one of the few downsides to contacts, i suppose "
driving with less than 2 good eyes at midnight kinda sucks
well this weekend worked out way less than planned  bummer things didn't go the way i wanted  can't wait til next weekend and can't wait til my car is all mine again!!
"so happy i finally have real internet, like on a computer, back!!"
"wow, getting bored online already  lol "
bored bored bored bored bored 
i bet it'll be busy  shower time 
anybody wanna donate a laptop cord? mine is just done  bummer 
"hmm  slightly curious why the lavender dishsoap in my house is orange instead of purple   oh well, almost time for work! yipppppeee!!!         "
unbelievable!
almost time for work again   
anybody up for a good game of cowboys and indians in the middle of this warm <propfemale> night?
woo! pizza hut dance party!
   i hear   a bagpipe   in the distance  huh 
"what an awesome day!! interview scheduled with the university hospital, first day of my 3 day weekend, the shop takes visa gift cards, goin up to the lake tomorrow, get my car back   gonna be an amazing week!!"
apparently having the hiccups is what happens when you turn 20  i've had the hiccups more times this year then in my whole life i think! maybe i should get that checked  i'm totally over the hiccups 
"gee, i think after today i'll have to look forward to friday the 13th "
today is another good day   smile 
i need to go to bed 
interview at university hospital today!! wish me luck!!
"first interview at the hospital went well! hopefully i nail the second one, too!! gee i hope this week is a lucky one! thanks for the support everyone!"
gettin my <propfemale> stars tattooed today!! super excited!!
just waiting to get my tattoo!! super excited!
love my new tattoo!  smile  pics soon!
gee  my foot is so swollen from my tattoo! but that's okay   smile 
i guess i'll take a nap or something
"sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!"
just one more hour   
i just wanna be paid
i see the shadow of a fly on my wall 
"sooo happy to be done with that!! $8 fine, no record history  because i talked in a circle and wrote 3 papers  not a bad deal, not a bad deal at all "
bumped the beatles all the way home tonight   smile 
"take nothing but pictures, leave nothing but footprints "
next purchase: a digital camera 
if you're my family- lets kick it  we need to take a picture!!
i wish i did more traveling so i could use the audio video postcard thing on my phone  
it's a nice day today 
time for change 
to all those in boulder: stay safe   love 
today might be dull
"i think i brushed my teeth twice this morning   lol  oh well, can't be too clean, i suppose!"
holy cow! i found the end of this perfect rainbow! no kidding! i'll post the pictures 
i feel really good about my workout today 
some people complain enough for every person 
"not a single order since 8 smile 0, 20 <propfemale> til closing time and i have nothing to do but wait  i wish i could close early on nights like these "
"i do love saturday, by far the best day of the week "
never forget  09-11-2001 
"ugh, my stomach hurts"
on time today!
on time to work today!
there are so many different ways to live life  don't be afraid to live the way that's best for you 
i love brushing and flossing  mmm minty fresh   smile 
geez!! i am not a fan of painful owwies!!
i love clean glass 
i just delivered a pizza and they had arrows going down the middle of the road that ended with an x in front of their house  they either think i'm stupid    or they wanted me to feel like a pirate  i felt more like a pirate than i felt stupid 
there have been a lot of magnificent sunsets this week 
i wish i opened on friday's 
"we\keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because\we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths "
what a perfectly clear sky  there should be lots of stars tonight so look up in the sky and enjoy the beautifully clear night!
"ouch! tile, gravity and bone are a painful combination!"
"if        you're happy and you know it, clap your hands! clap, clap!"
"well, i'm certainly glad it's not national safety week, or something! i am not having a very ouchless week!!"
"ahh, my tummy hurts "
life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: i'm with you kid  let's go 
i like nonsense -- it wakes up the brain cells  fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living  its a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope   and that enables you to laugh at all of lifes realities 
"i love world hunger week at pizza hut \donate $2 dollars to any pizza hut and feed nearly 10 children and help us win our fight against world hunger  -100% of all donations go directly to the world hunger program to help feed children around the world!"
"found a beautiful husky walkin' down the side of the road tonight  her name was flower  luckily, she was a very sweet dog and had a collar on  so i called her owners and took her home   smile "
gee  i don't wanna pay bills today 
"another breath taking sunset over the rockies tonight  oh, how i love you colorado "
"the liquor store i work next door to closes at ten  after 10 i generally see 6-10 customers drive all the way here, park in front of the dark, closed store, get out of their car, walk up to the door and try to open it before they realize the store is closed  really, people? could it be any more obvious they're closed?! maybe they don't need any more liquor   thank you, westwoods; you are brilliant "
"well, decided to total my car today  sitting in the er waiting to get xrays done  guess this was just the <propfemale> on top of my sunday  "
only a minor sprain to my neck  pain killers and rest and i'll be just fine  thanks for all the caring comments and texts and calls  you guys made the er much more bearable! love you all!
i want some nutella on multi grain toast
"alright, wednesday, here i come  let's do this  "
"estimated damage on my car: $6,749 00\insurance deductable: $500 00\    that is, if it isn't totalled \\geez! go big or go home, i guess!!\i am so thankful for insurance!!"
"love the pitter-patter of raindrops outside my window in the middle of the night   smile  happy fall, colorado "
"alright, midnight, i'm ready to go home now  please, feel free to roll around any minute now   "
wow  woke up at 10:10 on 10 10 10  weird 
"die when i may, i want it said of me by those who knew me best, that i always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where i thought a flower woukd grow "
"good night, world  see you bright and early  let's do coffee "
i still have no idea what i'm gonna be for halloween!! better get on that!!
"today is a good day for laundry, cleaning and decorating   smile "
bored  bored  bored  bored  bored  i wanna do somethinggggg  too bad i have no car 
"what a beautiful fall morning, colorado  this is why i love you "
"geez, i think it's about time for insurance to finish everything up with my totaled car so i can get a new one!!"
i love it so much when my customers compliment me  like tonight a lady told me that my wonderful disposition made her entire night better!   smile  it's a magnificent feeling to know such a great thing came from such small gestures  it's those customers that keep me coming back!
"well, that just put a damper on my day    fricken bummer "
putting away a truck order is like playing with 40 lb life size blocks   kinda  without the intent of knocking them down
car shopping isn't really much fun  until you drive off the lot with your new car    can't wait!!!
look on the bright side!
has a car again! yay
"if we all did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves  -<propfirst> <propmale>"
"suga, how ya get so fly?!"
'i didn't say i was better than anybody; i just said i was the best'- <propfirst> putney
"chocolate-chip cookies+milk then it's off to bed, i think "
time to start applying for a second job 
"really, northglenn? who in their right mind throws away a book? well, not just 1 book but 3 books  not just any 3 books, but 3 new york times best selling author  best seller books  they may be a little beat up, but gee, the dumpster   well, not even the dumpster, the ground next to the dumpster? that's okay, i'll read your garbage "
"happy thanksgiving, everybody! today i am thankful for all that life has given me  my family, friends, for all the great memories and even the worst  i couldn't have asked for a better 20 years of life! can't wait for the next! also, to everybody who sent my mom birthday wishes, she thanks you all very much and is thankful to have all of you in her life  sadly, the computer broke so she can't get back to you herself "
in the end   it isn't the years of your life that counts; it's the life of your years 
just drivin
feels not so great  my nose is stuffy and i think that mucus family i always see on tv has stopped by for a wintery visit  not cool 
running late  it's definitely a roll out bed and get my butt to work kinda morning! 3pm can't come soon enough  lol 
has a big decision and a lot of thinking to do on her hands as of this morning   
i love saturday's 
has a busy day lined up for tomorrow
feels discouraged already  frickin boo 
"well, honestly, i've had better monday's  but whatever "
"is awake  hmmm, what to do?"
"loves the crisp, clean smell of the winter air drifting through the window in the middle of the night just before falling asleep "
wishes she didnt forget to bring her banana to work!!
i want a new hobby  hmm 
"gee, first friday off in foreverrr  i think after i run my errands i'll go to the mountains and enjoy this lovely winter weather   smile "
"errands-done! time to find another 'secret', spec<propfemale>cular, amazing place <propfemale> kick it in the rockies! yay for december adventures!"
"well hello, saturday morning, haven't seen you in quite some time  oh, how i'd enjoy you so much more if i didn't have to attend this alive@25 class from 9-1!!"
so happy to be outta that freezing room! hope that 50 bucks keeps me goin til i'm 25! drive safe everybody!! and remember: don't drive with stupid! haha  
loves being boss 
"awake  time to stretch, eat a banana, work out, shower, clean my car, buy yogurt, and go to work  hellooo sunday!"
holy cow! somebody's house is burning down across the street from where i work! i hope everybody is okay! about 6 fire trucks and a ton of cops on scene!
"ugh, sometimes being responsible just makes me wanna take a nap "
finally the <propfemale> for my totalled car is paid off!! there's a little more room to breathe  maybe now the rest of this mess can be taken care of!
loves broccoli 
harder  faster  stronger  gotta do better 
"this flurry needs to turn into a blizzard! a blizzard that gives me a snow day from work and a 2 day weekend! come on winter   harder, faster, stronger! haha "
darn  managed to forget my clothes at work  i really should just leave in my uniform   but i just hate it so much 
oh how i'd love if life were a musical   
yay for starbucks with caylah!!
bed before midnight? i think so 
only 3 more work days til my vacation! ahhh 7 whole paid days off! can't wait! can't wait! can't wait!
sunday night football can suck it when i'm short handed at work  2 more work days then 7 whole pizzaless paid days off! couldn't ask for a better christmas week 
"needs a fixed laptop and new ipod  won't let this ipod get stolen, though  the 3rd one's a charm, right?"
i think i'm gonna cancel life on monday's for awhile  they don't work out for me too often 
super stoked to watch the eclipse! here we go 
"oh gee! trans-siberian orchestra is in <propmale> tonight!! definitley wish i had known earlier, i would love to e playful erience their spectacular music live!! bummer!"
t minus 4 hours til my vacation starts! soooo super stoked!!!
operation christmas vacation officially underway!
"had such a wonderful christmas <propfemale>   smile  <propfemale> christmas to all, and to all a good night!"
"went to a fancy new coffee shop with <propfemale> this morning  we looked at the menu, knew what nothing was so we settled on white hot chocolate and the fact that you would think we'd know more about coffee "
lack of sleep and terrible rap is pretty okay if you're with a really great person the whole time 
today is a great day for some physical activity!
ugh  money 
i've made a whole lotta u-turns today for knowing where i'm going  medians kinda suck 
"gotta love all this white stuff!! remember to drive safe, everyone! i know we're from colorado but lets not get cocky, the roads can still be slippery!!"
t minus approx  4 hours til operation christmas vacation comes to an end  not as sooo super stoked as when it began but it was a better vacation than i hade ever hoped for that included more amazing people than i had ever e playful ected  t'was a successful end of the year   smile 
i wanna go ice fishing! wish i had thought of that during vacation  it's okay though  i'll just go not on vacation!
"not too sure why my knee hurts  all the more reason to get to sleep, i guess  busy monday ahead "
pretty sure i'm about to e playful erience the longest waiting time ever to register my motor vehicle  only about 100 <propfirst> away   i should have brought a coloring book or some sorta crafty thing to do 
"gee, i am so thankful for impatient people!! they make my wait so, so much less painful "
super happy to know what the problem with my laptop is now!! nothing horrible!
is really super interested   smile 
"lots to get done at work today  i love my day shifts! good morning, world!"
got everything done way early today  can i go home now?
can't wait til my pay is doubled!!
"woo! pizza hut dance party for the next 2 totally dead, boring hours! come dance! ha"
i want to go ice skating on a real frozen lake 
boooo
bubble bath 
a good box can make a great house
nothing is something worth doing
ice cream and some <propmale> tweedy @ the boulder theater with <propfemale> <propfemale> deatherage  couldn't be a better night off!!  smile 
"well, guess i'll just have another dance party tonight   woo!"
"well, i'll just go to bed  so tomorrow can be productive   smile "
honestly just discovered one of the most shocking things i'll ever discover in my lifetime and i have no idea how to feel about it  - nov 8 1998 rip    i think 
officially cancelling my life on mondays  they suck 
okay- another bummer  just gotta look on the bright side! - at least it's <propfemale>!! right?  smile 
anybody in co going to school to be a locksmith?? i need one that will <propmale> my insurance 
this is getting incredibly ridiculous  i need a glass of wine 
"well, bummer  - that's done  more wine, i guess  wish i could lock my car "
my boss is lending me a couple bills to get a new key made  i have the most awesome boss ever! - even if it is only because he doesn't want to work my shifts!
well tonight surprised me none  bummer though  ohhh well 
"ugh, things just aren't going the way i'd like so far this week "
welp  need an entirely new ignition  yipppeee!!! - definitely glad the weather is happpyy today!!
i need a hug 
give me the beat boy and free my soul i wanna get lost in your rock n roll and drift away!
"just think of a wonderful thought, any happy little thought "
geez i cannot catch a break this week!
"most e playful ensive freak accident of my life!!! $745+tax to fix my damn car  lame, lame, lame  there goes my tax return  "
jammin to some reggae and cleaning   smile  happy saturday!
this is going to be a better week  i insist 
"well, this monday has been much, much better than last monday! my better week has begun! woohoo  insisting does a week good   smile "
day 2 of operation 'better week' underway  have a happy tuesday!
"today freakin rocked!! court and e'rrrrythang  happy tuesday, happy tuesday indeed!  smile "
can't wait to go home and get snuggled up in bed!!
"it'd be pretty sweet if i could fall asleep earlier  good night, world "
life is funny and i love a good laugh  smile 
if you were a hobbit you'd be a douche-baggins haha i love the people i work with
what a wonderful saturday!!
i have such an awesome shift at work today!!! kinda excited to work it  2-7 smile 0  easy peasy!!
"woo! 10lbs down, 20lbs to go  i can see the horizon for a healthier me!!  smile "
"candle lit bubble bath, a little meditation, some shpongle & e playful losions in the sky  i can dig it "
i need to get to a hobby lobby soon  i'm aching to do something crafty 
this whole world is so visually stimulating  how can you not want to see it all?
stressed  time for some meditation!! wish i could just take a nice long drive to the mountains and clear my headddd!!!
enjoy the sunshine today!!!
haha   had to laugh a little when i realized most of my hair ties have ended up on the living room floor as cat toys   
<propfemale> excited to have an ipod again!!
what a night 
ow! my tummy hurts today   sad 
perfectly purple  smile 
there are so many babies on their way!!! even 'the office' is about a baby shower today! i can't wait to meet a single one of them! congrats to all the e playful ecting parents in my life!!
hobby lobby should have delivery service 
"i like this wednesday  nice hot shower, some hot cocoa, 6 hour meeting that i get to wear business casual to, then home for some more coloring, i think! i"
"just got a fortune cookie that had 2 fortunes in it  pretty sure that's lucky, or something   smile "
well that sucks  the power is out? guess i'll take a shower in the dark  haha  thanks snow storm that i wasn't e playful ecting   
"well gee, i wish i had taken into consideration that no power also means no blow dryer before i got in the shower   shit "
"\you're no match for my brain \"""""
i sincerely dread the day television sets become too advanced for my nes  i love me some old skool 
figure skating is an incredible sport and i especially love when they skate to funk!
"superbowl sunday!!! gettin' pumped to go get my work on, woo!"
"makenna says, 'remember: you cant eat all the gumballs because then you will choke '  smile  i love 3 year old life lessons "
"i like babysitting, it's kinda like a playdate! ohhh, 3 year olds are fun!!"
"well, it's earlier than i had e playful ected but i guess i'll be looking to go back to school this summer or fall  should be exciting!  smile "
hakuna matata!!
"i find it hard to believe i'm nearly 21 this morning- sitting on my sofa, in my pjs, watching <propfirst> & eating froot loops thinking about what crafty thing i want to do today "
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately   re-post if you have some of the best!! i love you guys!
bath time  fo'shhhoo 
sunglasses can make one feel pretttty snazzy
just got my ears tapered from a 20g to a 10g by <propfemale> mo journey! ouch  i love them!!
i need to think up some creative money making tactics 
"miss <propfemale> had a steamboat, the steamboat had a <propfemale> *ding, ding*   "
"pretty positive that there's a fine line between busy and flakey,"
"happy day, st  <propfirst> "
is stuffed!!
yuck  bills 
ahhh! totally stoked for today!
"almost forgot how much i love my car!! thanks soooo much to <propfirst> large and <propmale> <propmale> for helping me out to get things fixed for a reasonable price! i met an incredibly wonderful family in the midst of a mess, some people in this world are really just plain awesome!"
i really wouldn't mind having spring every february  smile 
goin' on an adventureee!
driving through a cloud   smile 
"i think today i'll run some errands, get some laundry done, and clean up my room  then, download some new bluegrass and take a little hike in this beautiful, colorado sunshine!"
what's going on? there's lollipops in the mouth and soda outta the hand? wtf?!
really happy i have such a well made hat for this chilly weather!  smile 
"\tie dying: just because hippies can do it doesn't make it easy \"" hahaha"""
"i need to take a road trip to somewhere marvelous  like disney world  they say that's where dreams come true, right? yeah, i'm definitely down for a dose of dreaming "
geeeeez  my paycheck is really good at magic tricks! it just disappeared before my own eyes!!!
haha    1-800 <propfirst>    they call like i'm gonna answer    hope they like <propfirst> cash 
it's a silly time to learn to swim when you start to drown 
day shift tomorrow   smile  time to hit the hay!
"welp, no phone for awhile  soooo   hit me up on here if ya gots somethin' to say!"
wish i had my phone working!!
 love  top gun   smile 
"well, it's half past midnight   guess i'll go shopping!"
payyy dayyy!!! phone is back on! hit me up!
just kickin it at <propfirst> carpenter swinging n jammin to some tunes   smile  gorgeous day!
"geeez! i have a lot of lucky little leprechauns with birthday's today! happy birthday <propfemale> fox, <propfirst> walczyk, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> rucker! hope it fricken rocksss!"
"another st  <propfemale>'s day wasted because of working nights! boooo, i say, boo "
well gee! i got the luck of the <propfemale> tonight! a customer came in and gave me $1 and a $2 scratch ticket as a tip for their $10 order and i won $14! now that's just plain word  hope all spirits are high and the world is celebrating safely!
reallllly in the mood for a mini-road trip 
"i do believe in sleeping, i do, i do! - why won't i fall asleep?!?"
i have such an insatiable urge to write on walls more often than not   
phew! right on time!!
"when you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do "
when it comes to money    my feelings are all jumbled up 
aannnnnddd time to get ready for work  woo!    feels like a long week already 
"wellll i'mma little toasty!! g'night world, see ya in the mornin'!"
"find happiness in the trip, don't worry about the destination"
my feet have been so cold lately and i just don't know why  not even socks and blankets are getting these puppies warm!
i want to have a 3-day cowboy and indian camping costume party in the <propmale>!
morning!
diagonally cut sandwiches taste so much better than horizontally cut sandwiches 
"burr i wasn't e playful ecting it to be quite this chilly! good morning, monday!"
"ohhh, application processes      yippie, yay, horray!      this is a time i would appreciate a sarcasm font "
it's gonna be a longgg friday! so happy it's spring outside!
"what?! a law that prevents children from playing outside?? get of if grown-ups!! go to a park and play a damn good game of groundies, maybe while you're there you'll run into your inner child and they'll teach you how to be less bitter!!"
"remember:whether a bot is made of new parts, old parts, or spare parts, you can shine no matter what you're made of!"
"   \ummberrrs!\""   haha"""
totally stoked i'm off at 4 and the sun is shining!
