223280afeaca9eb1a915635fc5ed58cb
happy new year!
missed a friend today
is having a good new year?
loved orientation!
 love  1 year baby!
start over one day at a time! i have the strength to do anything? right?   bring it!
27?!  wow! i'm excited baby!
goin' to the beach!
got stung by a jelly fish! ouch!
anyone play wc3?
anyone got a skype?  message me
i am a billiken
district 9 rocked!
loves slu!
won the spirit comp!
class starts today!
my teacher wanted me to tweet with him!  wow!
miss my friends
branch branch tree
is 19 years old!  man o man!
had a great birthday and got to finish it off w  <propfirst> darko!
great movie that momento is!
is enjoying doing his homework   wow
yay 8 o'clock class?
"looking for a place to skydive in saint <propfirst>, but it's a bit harder than it looks"
bed early
3 quizzes then the weekend!
"3 quizzes, then karate kid and curses tomorrow!  woot woot!"
has the weekend now!
is a bit confused for sure
"'s confused, and's not all that sure where when to turn"
k-130 g6
wants to go watch the stars
well that's a bummer   now to climb yet another mountain
get your head in the game man!
gonna walk like a man!
loves his workout mix
gotten way better at wc3!
is better at wc3!
mass tonight
"well that wasn't fun, but oh well   i grow more every day from the e playful eriences i receive!"
is tierd of this
happy 9 9 9
goodnight <propfemale>
"nirmam vasanwala, you and your family are in my prayers "
urban plunge!
the start will be here soon enough
is good at typing
i  love  mass
rip <propfirst> 
has nothing to do on friday night
has nothing to do on friday night
"man is not an island, you are not alone"
homework time baby!
can't wait for friday!
loves 2 hour nnaps in the middle of the day!
writing a paper on axe commercials!
it's interesting how tonight ended up
welcome home
"great parents weekend, then learning to play a song"
have a wonderful tuesday!
fire
in a world where all we want is only what we want until it's ours  i'm calling all angels
"let me light up the sky, light it up for you  let me tell you why, i would die for you  let me light up the sky "
mad world
good night 
don't bite the hand which feeds you
tis wonderful! absolutetly wonderful!  thank you god!
loves fire alarms while i am showering?  that was so much fun though!!!
just set up his facebook to pirate talk!
has so much to do!
philosophy club and flag football tonight!
paper submitted!
i miss my friends
hold onto the one's you love
blank status   i know
got my tickets for going home! 5 more days!
mid term week! and here we go!
mid term week! and here we go! get excited people!
i need a break
5 exams and a paper   yay   
<propfemale> is well!
has wonderful friends!
has some really great friends here and a wonderful roomate!
can't wait to go home!!!!
is burned out!
"2 exams, a metrolink ride, and a greyhound bus trip away from my family "
aint no mountain baby!
y?! y?! oh y?!
the shadoe proves the snshine
the shadow proves the sunshine
then you really might know what it's like
"first throwing up, next a nose bleed! now what?"
"is there someone up there looking down on me? boy <propmale> a bird, so close but every time   he’ll never catch her, but he can’t stop trying "
daddy's here to hold you through the night
shout out to my friend <propfirst> kirwen!
"shout out to my friends <propfirst> evans, rj tonnis & <propfirst> kirwen"
may have a summer internship!
may be a regional manager
wants to breathe
happy haloween!  i hope that everyone is safe today 
i hope my friends are okay
i'm playing my first intermural game for you my friend!
i hope i get the schedule i want next semister!
"the screen on my phone is broken, please don't text me for now   you can call me if you want to talk, i always love it when people call me, but i can't read text   that, or shoot me an e-mail or a facebook message   thanks everybody "
my phone is okay now
youtube just robbed me 2 hours sleep! never again!
i'm okay?
2 papers tonight   yay?
stay strong friend
is feeling suprsingly lonley on this friday afternoon 
praying for his friends   good luck!  it's almost thanksgiving people!
"just said yay for the steelers, but they muffed it! come on now!"
*sad face  steelers muffed that one*
i am excited for thanksgiving! anyone want to meet up during thanksgiving break?
"misses his friends, but has a lot of work to distract him"
"just went through all the pictures on his phone, ohh the memories  smile "
"although i didn't get as much school work done today as i wanted, i got to spend some great time with friends today! you guys all rock! long live gries lobby! haha   goodnight everybody"
"i'm the first to know my dearest friends even if your hope has burned with time  anything that is dead shall be re-grown and your vicious pain, your warning sign you will be fine  any type of love it will be showed like every single tree reach for the sky  if you're gonna fall i'll let you know that i will pick you up like you for i  i felt this thing i can't replace when everyone was working for this goal "
yay productivity! now back to homework 
i  love  my best friend   yay! go weekend!
2 days left!
1 1 2 papers until i come home  laugh 
no class until 12:45 on tuesday and thursday?! awesomeness!
i'm coming home
happy thanksgiving everyone
gosh   i hope you are okay friend
back at college  i love my family!
"back at college! i love my family, and lucky to have such great people in my life   will miss you, but i'll be back soon "
"changed up my room, and now have so much more room for activities"
"had a pretty good day overall  learned a lot, and am doing well  4 more days, then a study weekend   thank you god, thank you friends, thank you clc "
doesn't have a lot of things going on today   need to do work and <propfemale> lights!
doesn't want to be worried about this situation
knows what he wants for christmas  a hot tub!
not really having a good day
is not having a good day
has a sinking feeling in his gut
miss you <propfemale> motz
applied to be an ra
i'm in love i'm in love and i don't care who knows it!
i didn't think these peoples opinions would sting <propfemale> strong
gotta move on here
why can't i see straight today?
i wish i could be part of an inside joke someday
truly has great friends! thank you all!
is coming home soon!
"is 7 hours of sleep, 2 finals and 2 plain rides from home!  will be there in 23 hours   yay math! yay home!"
wants to play starcraft
i am having vista issues while trying to install age of empires 3  any suggestions?
had a great day!
transiberian rocked!
knows a day is what you make of it 
going shopping with my bro today!
wii for christmas!
<propfemale> christmas! just wish i wasn't so soar     laugh 
"is about half way through the office season 2, and it is so funny!"
happy new year!
glad he could help a friend out today!
"so i know it's late but hear me out   i've been discerning stuff lately   i thought i would be scared, and don't get me wrong it is   however, i am in love with it all! life may be hard, and even pin you down on the ground  when it comes down to it though, i love my life! i love my friends! i love my family! whever this road takes me, i want them there   why am i at peace with this?"
"perfect north friday, dayton saturday, saint <propfirst> sunday! boy these three days will be busy  great break though!"
"you know who this is dedicated to  do you remember when, i told you this that night, that if you're by my side, when everyday begins, i'll fall for you again  i made a promise when, i told you this that night  i'll be fine "
is trying to figure out if he's really happy coming back
was stuned by ethics today! wow!
"i am getting a new pringer,but not sure how or when"
"i am getting a new printer, but not sure when or how "
navy blue
"setting up his new printer, class in an hour"
i'm not in a very good mood
i wish i knew what i could do
"has all he needs to be done for the day completed, and it's not even 1 o'clock yet  yay"
did photoshop today!
"though we strike at you from the shadows, do not think that we lack the courage to stand in the light "
i wish i could keep a secret 
i'm coming home for a weekend! yay!
discovered he loves to dance 
is having a productive day
"loves to have good days back to back! keep them coming! gotta give thanks to a special someone though! he's been looking out for me recently, and i sure am lucky to have him "
had a very wierd day
love reign o'er me
they've been taken away!
http annoyed  www collegehumor com video:1928440
anyone play starcraft anymore? txt or message me
goodnight <propfemale>
gonna play some starcraft tonight   having fun!
ra interview tommorow
in psychology class! 1 class down 9 classes to go this week
why oh why do i have to keep getting used to facebook?
so excited for friday!
ra group interview tommorow! get excited!
"lost and insecure, you found me "
ud here i come
had a great weekend! now back to slu!
send me a text or e-mail me if you want to get a hold of me   facebook is going off until easter
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rxnnjnifbp8
i  love  charts
wants to build a reflecting telescope this summer!
where da gold at?! happy st  patrick's day!
wishes he could see monkey!  some things i may never understand!!!! augh!
i am currently sitting in the bsc with two older gentelmen who are speaking in french   i understand a lot more than i thought i would! yay!
11 hours of sleep
encounter 38 this weekend
live the 4th
going home in 30 hours?! wow! it will be great! love you saint <propfirst>!
let's play a game of starcraft   any takers?
"maybe moving to <propfemale> hall next year and dad is coming next week, sweet!"
could go for a cup of tea
"had a wonderful time in the park today, but i really missed my good friend <propfemale> motz"
had a wonderful time yesterday @ slu cap and down by the arch!
"was having a good one day, but now i feel a tearing deep down   "
"finally, monday!"
"nothing is more practical than finding god, that is, than falling in love in a quite absolute, final way   what you are in love with, what seizes  your imagination will affect everything   fall in love, stay in love, and it will decide everything "
"unconditional love > your understanding of how powerful it really is   today, tell someone you love or care about no matter what that you do   you just may change their day, and change their world!"
tough night for everyone it seems
"schedule classes, find out if i have 2 jobs in the morning   crossy our fingers, say a prayer   this will be an interseting day, nobody can really predict"
crazy schedule for next semister   only 1 class monday and friday so far
"a friend once told me how much i meant to her, how i've changed her world   i would hope that i have done so   she is wonderful   shout out to my best friend <propfemale> motz!"
when all the world is swept away you are all the things i need you're the air i breathe
"don't ask what the world needs   ask what makes you come alive and do it   because what the world needs is people who come alive \ - <propmale> <propmale>"""
"oh boy, this will be tough   everyone, please pray for me   thanks"
"love my friends, and i would be no where without them!"
fun at bellarmine house today with <propfirst> and <propfirst>   now to city museum then movie night!  hope everyone is well 
"feels wierded out with his friends right now   friends, can't live with them, can't live without them "
working on finals today    laugh ?
just got news about another job interview    laugh 
wishes he could <propfemale> w  his friends @ ud
found my keys!
is in a strange mood
anyone want to play sardines in the library?
summer job apps going out today!
this is driving me up a wall!!!!!
3 more classes!
had a great evening last night! now time for finals! i'm excited!
"though we strike at you from the shadows, do not think that we lack the  courage to stand in the light "
1 more day of classes!
it's funny how some things never go away
just 1 week left?   slu i will miss you so
2 more questions on ethics! almost done!
done writing ethics! yay!
aghhhhh!!!!!!  *sad face*
feels hurt by his friends
all nighter tonight!
is <propfirst>'s girlfriend cheating on him?
is <propfirst>'s girlfriend cheating on him? who knows   watch the office tonight
overnight going well
not much time left @ slu  let's do something tonight!
"feet up, not much to do today, life is good    laugh "
"had a great time with <propmale> freeley today, fun stuff on 5c tonight! great day! 2 days until i go home"
"i am discovering i am really missing slu! it will be a very long summer, but i miss my friends here   mixed emotions for sure, boy it will be a ride though! everyone from slu please call skype anything haha! i will miss everyone, gries, and all them jesuits and domicians    love "
had a great day!
had a great time w  all my friends tonight!
got great grades his first year at slu!
job interview tomorrow
is this real life?
working sat sun morning this weekend! fun fun! everyone should hug the one they love!
oh man i wish i was as cool as my brother <propfirst> is   he is just so amazing and awesome
misses slu
happy birthday!
happy birthday mom!
"work tonight, as well as almost every night this week"
miss u slu
off tomorrow   txt if u want to <propfemale> out 
blah   
"rainy day, going to ki again "
2 years! love u!
"man, i just got owned in a noodle fight with my brother!"
had a wonderful day at work! i wanter what happened w  ki? great fireworks with my bestest friends <propfemale> motz <propmale> sander and <propfemale> kindel!
going back home   
"going back home   had a great vacation, but wish it were longer!"
back from vacation! off to work in the morning!
the office! i'm loving it!
like thunder storms sometimes  let it rain
"my mother used to tell me that ordinary people are the most special on earth, and that's why god made so many  ~ <propfirst> g  <propfirst>"
2 weeks until move in 
"is thinking to myself, that this may just actually work out!"
there has been a murder in <propfemale>
"so all freshman year we learned about the truth in philosophy, and if there really is one   well my friends i am here to tell you there is   but it's not always good for you"
i love jurassic park!
having a good time here @ slu so far!
first day of work is friday!
"it's my birthday! thank you for all the wishes   gonna get my game on, then <propfemale> out with friends and finally soccer game tonight!"
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! i had a great time, but after the soccer game it is kindove hazy! great time though!"
i know i have nothing pressing tomorrow but i should have been in bed a couple hours ago  o well
i would like to thank all of my friends at ud for the birthday card  you guys are amazing
wishes and prayers go out to a man who needs them   pz pray for a great man!
i am seriously taken aback by this world sometimes  if you need me i'll be thinking
"how i love philosophy! i know that even when i'm not in a good place, i have friends to lift me up! love my friends!"
i have a very fun night planned out!
so not exactly the way i imagined it   but ok
is out to change the world
bored tonight   but got laundry done
respect to all victims of violance today 
"so, life is good   yes? if you have somebody u love, pz like this message "
i'm interested in finding where my priorities really are 
induction
is now in ? ? ? !
"going running again   if anyone wants to run with me here @ slu, just let me know "
not the best day today
"feet ache   10 hours of work today, but at least it was fun"
anyone up for some warcraft 3?
soccer game in an hour
\i'm always thinking one step ahead," like a carpenter who makes stairs \""  which office character said this?\"223280afeaca9eb1a915635fc5ed58cb,"cleaning my room and doing laundry, getting ready to see the family   i guess it's cleaning tuesday "
"finds i really like to stir the pot, you get more answers that way "
"another quote installment of the office   please remember, don't google it for the answer \\i don't understand how someone can have so little self awareness \""\",223280afeaca9eb1a915635fc5ed58cb,decisions are hard
"doing critiques of atheistic arguments of theism using the zeno paradox and \occam's razor   having a great time too!"
all i can say is wow! great season opener of the office!
doesn't like the slu servers being really bad on sunday night   i have things to do here and i'm feeling very sick 
so glad the family could come out and visit   now it's time to buckle down and do work and feel better 
which one should i do?  write a philosophy paper or watch season 6 of the office?
"soar back   lots of work to do in the morning, but its ok   i got some hours in for the week, now time for school work   get some!"
"slow mail, how i despise thee"
how many days until the summer olympics?  it's pretty funny if you wanna come figure out    laugh 
its good to have friends
oh lonesome day
looking for something to do tonight
i'm in a musical mood   sometimes i wish i had my guitar
"is sitting here wondering, what am i doing here?"
people need to not leave their clothes in the laundry!
weekend before midterms   great stuff right?
empty sky
"dear world,  i would just like to announce once and for all that i am possibly the greatest person alive now or ever with the possible exception of <propfirst> kirwen!  you are all very welcome for my very presence \love <propfirst>"
<propfemale> kindel he looks like he is 60!
1 more midterm
why is college so e playful ensive?
homework time!
"kids, don't do drugs   they take away 10 hp"
humans v  zombies! it'll be a blast!
i hate money!
"this is a day when i stopped myself so many times and asked, \why am i here?\"""""
i have found food! i have 48 hours until i must feed again    laugh 
has to say that the office this season has been above my e playful ectations! good work nbc!
"anyone at slu driving back to cincinnati for thanksgiving break? <propfemale> me, i can pay for gas "
so i guess not the best news ever     sad   how i hate you $
hoping today will be a good day   
hell week
5 days down! 360 to go    laugh 
11 6 10
"11 6 10\time to start again "
"we\ are asking everyone to say a prayerfor\darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",223280afeaca9eb1a915635fc5ed58cb,http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xnldns41jbq&feature=related
"listening to soft rock and writing a philosophy paper   this has been a very hard week, and i'm trying to get through this week one  thing at a time   man, i need to destress "
"ne with <propmale> paper, and psych doesn't look too bad!"
"just finished another late night movie   the breakfast club! great movie, and thank you <propfirst> obbagy   now time for bed, and to turn in a paper in the am    laugh "
wishes he could see dear <propfemale> motz!
"to anyone recieving a message from me about plants that go bad, don't click on it   it seems to be a virus"
"my headphones which are broken are seemingly escaping me   i'm not sure why they don't want me to enjoy music and videos so my roomate won't be disturbed while he sleeps   come on now headphones, i love you even if you are broken   "
activation in ??? tonight!
"nobody loves ultralisk, because they always cut your lovers in half! thanks husky!  laugh "
"is it just me, or does campus smell like <propfemale> syrup?"
dance was ok
"feels anger, and at the same time, thanks for a certain couple of friends "
"build a man a fire, he's warm for a day   set a man on fire, he's warm for the rest of his life "
happy thanksgiving everybody!
"i had a wonderful break! great to spend some quality time with friends and family   now time for 15 days of rigorous work, then back home again    laugh "
"psychology   check   theology, getting there   philosophy, not yet started   on my way, and trying to finish all this by friday night!"
"it is now 2 in the afternoon, and nothing has been done today   "
"i don't appreciate the person who thought it would be a great idea to close the library early tonight, and to have virtually no place but the bsc be open for study tonight   thanks person   *sigh*  o well, just keep on working    laugh "
i'm not leaving grand market until i have 6 pages written 
"got back to my room at midnight after a wonderful day with <propfirst> connor <propmale> and <propfirst>, to find a bag of puppy chow with my name on it! thank you whoever that was! who are u?"
"st  <propfirst>, mo"
"i have the strong urge to yell at the top of my lungs, <propfirst> pan!\that is all \now time for my medical ethics final "
ready for my last final!
fly back tomorrow morning   goodnight 
i wish i was as cool as my brother <propfirst> pomerleau because he is just totally amazing   zing! gotcha back  playful 
slugs are homeless snails 
is very distraught    ;<(
gosh i wish i was as cool as my brother <propfirst> pomerleau because he is so awesome and stuff!
"honestly, all i want to do is dig into a good book of philosophy in a corner right now "
"man oh man, i wish i was as all around amazing as my super awesome brother <propfirst> pomerleau!  he is so talented and great and pretty much better all aspects of life than me!  my only goal in life is to aspire to achieve a greatness comparable to him "
"christmas ever everyone!\also, so far i don't have a roomate for this next spring, so good news too  laugh "
"god bless us, everyone!"
"played so many board games in the last few days, so much fun!"
really misses slu   
i wanna sit down w  some friends and break it down   i have a lot to say
feels a disconnect
"when will my reflection show, who i am inside?"
saved 200 dollars on books for next semester!
guess who is a silly little girl and wishes he could be as cool as his amazing brother <propfirst> pomerleau  this guy!
"wow, i'll be back at slu in 24 hours  wierd "
class in the morning   i'm excited!
"i don't like it when people can't cook @ 2 in the morning, and we all have to go outside     playful "
new roommate moving in tomorrow 
i have some truly awesome friends!  wow! today's session was amazing!
"it is awesome outside, but i'm sitting inside reading my history   mert"
"retreat this weekend   prayers would be great, thanks  laugh "
so all slu activities are closed for tomorrow   does that mean no classes?
2 snow days in a row!
"it was the best of times, it was the worst of times "
mortem et vitia non superáre potest ista philsophia 
just cried   i am so sorry <propfirst> reimer   i am so sorry 
having a pretty good day today 
"iniation tomorrow! so excited! anyway, heading to bed for 2 classes tomorrow, then some e-mails and quality time at la bibliothèque"
"amazing weekend   drove all the way back to saint <propfirst> from dayton, ohio   long drive, but great time with the gang back at ud   now for an awesome week! woot!"
prayer for peace in egypt
"if you think this is a beautiful day today, please like this status!"
i have an interview with my service sight for the semester!!!
so much latin to study!
great time tonight! tomorrow is a latin test though   mert
"please put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by pandas  pandas are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by pandas  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost"
i see a nap in my future today
so much work   
"i just got really excited   so i was watching the office, season 3 when the stamford branch closes, and i caught a glimpse of the microphone in the top corner of the screen, at none other than 4:20 into the episode    laugh   \i like this show way too much!"
huge storms here!
i  love  visitors!
i love doing research!
i'd much rather pull an all nighter than go to bed now 
i feel in a funk
wonderful day outside with my mom today!
it's good to be back at school 
reading up on contemporary cognitive neuroscience  laugh 
snow?! wtf!
so much starcraft! personal shout out to <propfirst> sullivan for his <propfemale> in training last night
<propfemale> 1v1 as random!
i love the new 1911 thing on youtube today! try it out
4 mile run today  laugh 
