35636bf1febac1bdc0a0f2a4898c978f
mick is coming home on wednesday!! woo hoo!!!!!!
"playing in my first pool tournament ever and have not lost yet   woo hoo!!!  worst case scenario, i get 4th "
i got 3rd in my pool tournament on sunday   $100 and a trophy   woo hoo!!  another tournament this weekend   this one is team   hopefully we do well 
only the cool people stay home on st  <propfirst>'s day 
i have faith in you <propfirst>!!
is it friday yet?  wow what a long week already 
life is grand!!
"i am off to sioux falls for more job training today   gotta love that 350 <propmale> of nothingness   at least i get out of my office for a few days, that will be nice "
hooray!! my training is done so look out sioux falls 
i am so lame sitting at home facebooking on a saturday night 
isn't my new profile picture hot!?!
"being lazy, watchin movies, cookin good food, and loungin with the boy   i love sundays!!!"
does anyone know someone that has tickets for sturgical on saturday night that does not want them?
hooray!!!! it's my last full day of work this week 
darn south <propfemale> wind waking me up at 3 am 
"hooray off work at 1 today, and then the wonderful trek from the hills to horrible aberdeen "
i'll be there tomorrow also   i am not leaving aberdeen til sunday morning 
call me or i'll call you   is your number still the same?
thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday   i was so busy that i didn't even have time to check fb yesterday   it was my first annual 29th 
i hope everyone is surviving the weather 
i am off to the wonderful city of sioux falls   again!!
could use a vacation from life 
is going on vacation tomorrow   going to my first baseball game in 19 years  go twins!!!
is back from vacation and needs a vacation to recover from her vacation 
gives thanks to <propfirst> <propmale> for the extra day off 
is in lemmon visiting my niece and nephews 
is off to <propmale> today for 3 days for a sdhda conference   i love training 
why do i keep running into to long lost b-town folk in <propmale>?
"cousins are the 1st friends of your life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins    even if you don't talk much lately     re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world   they know who they are!!!\\love you guys!"
hates being sick   i think i have influenza 
