a07d738adaa47d708307c6607d7e9bfd
no plans 
is looking forward to the new year   it's decided 
good resolutions   excited for life in this year   smile 
errands   then maybe a movie with papa?
wo ist meine schwester?
"good day   buncha new pictures up, got some rad comics, starting resolutions smile "
green and white tea fusion is very good   so is no stress 
times are a changin 
doesn't really know how to handle this   annoyed 
"is going to california with her family, and will be back in 10 days   and you should text her for sure smile "
got home from seattle about two hours ago where she had one of the best nights ever 
would like to do so many things with her life 
is excited to dye her hair and do pilates like no ones business this summer 
"is feeling apathetic, i suppose "
misses life as she knew it   loves that her hair will curl if she doesnt touch it at all and wishes that people like <propfirst> kennedy and <propfirst> o'shea actually existed 
"is having a hard time living in the present, appreciating life, seeing goodness and feeling happy   she doesn't know how to calm the chaos and wants to have that thing that will change life as she knows it "
needs to get a grasp on time 
"feels that a part of her life is ending and being put away, in every single aspect of it   endings are good, because it means there will be new beginnings   now that this is coming to a close she feels a sense of relief "
is starting to believe that things really do happen for a reason 
wants to move in that way 
has a lot on her mind 
feels so gross  =[
wishes things could stay untouched   knows some things should not be e playful erienced   wants things to stay the same for five minutes   and hopes for a better tomorrow 
i wanna be the very best!
back from cabo!  smile 
doesn't like homework   =[
here goes hoping that i can fix my schedule and not have to deal with it being so lame before school starts   and also that i can finish my summer assignments hellah speedy and wont have to deal with it for this last sad week of summer=[
does anyone know how to reigster cars on the school web site? i surely can't find it 
"really wishes it was easier to get my schedule together   it really shouldnt be that difficult   i've just been taken out of ap history   summer of looking up articles, all for nothing "
loves it when her puppy sings smile  haha
"needs to talk to <propfemale>, get ready for the impending school year, find out what college board position papers are and then read some, get a hair cut, and be more zen   hmm "
"talked to <propfemale>, needs to get more ready for the impending school year, still has yet to discover what college board position papers are but it might not matter turns out, still needs to get her hair cut   and still wouldnt mind being more zen "
needs to wrap things up and start anew 
seems to lack the ability to absorb the contents of the articles about mexico and russia 
"is feeling organized and slightly ontop of things and even more slightly, almost ready for things   i guess that's good "
is so mad that her stupid tv didn't record her program!!! ugh 
"finished her homework, is already stressing about the new school year, hopes today works out, thinks <propfirst> dillinger is a total badass, and of course thinks hoover was kind of a douche  to like everyone "
"can feel the beginnings of fall, and she loves it "
my news feed is being douchey
's homework is done   she needs to work on her monologue (actually decide on a monologue) and watch rock n rolla! finally 
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you "
"needs to shower, eat something, get readay, probs head down to school to meet corrinian and possibly <propfemale> craggle i think so we can go to trojan women at <propmale>   smile    then i should figure out this ridiculous online pe business "
"first day of call backs down, and i had a super fun time, so that's a plus!  smile "
when is the man fight happening?? is this brawl of manliness ever going to for real take place?!
"is a little sad at the moment   but had an amazingly great talk with <propfemale> spilde, i love that girl smile   had a super fun time once again at callbacks tonight! i hope i get called back for tomorrow also just cuz i'd like another <propmale> to e playful lore some of the other characters   oh commedia how i love thee "
"=[[ feels like a douche   auditions were fun   more tomorrow   whoop   i'm getting a little tuckered   but it's all good, at least it's fun "
dude   being sick and having effed up philanges is no good for auditions   but i hope all goes well smile   good job to everyone who auditioned smile ]
"had a good weekend   today was not super productive and being sick is lame, but overall good weekend smile ]  but i wanna watch rock n rolla real bad "
on my way to berkeley with my momma smile   anyone who wants to come over after the comedy show on saturdy to celebrate a little is welcome smile ]] just text me or something    smile  i love you guys   catch ya in acouple days!
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes smile   i love you guys!  love 
"needs to do some homework annoyed   oh shakespeare, why does <propfemale> have to like you so much?"
doesn't want to go to theatre tomorrow 
wishes my <propmale> didn't think i was lame 
"is doing better   but still, uggh "
needs to do vocab and find her home 
doesn't know what to do 
wants to go see zombieland! also doesn't wanna go to rehearsal   also misses her family   also is chillin with corrinian tonight! smile 
needs to do things   annoyed 
"wants to do a big meaningful awesome <propmale> project, but doesn't think that that is possible really annoyed "
wants cookies and hot chocolate 
finallllllly got to watch across the universe in one full sitting all the way through   what an amazing film! love 
actually kind of wishes she went to wasc   it looks super fun 
theatre homework   i don't wanna do it 
may be going to see a movie with her papa tonight smile 
"change of fall ballin plans   black dress, not red dress   that's okay "
should be doing other things 
is gonna be the inspector for halloween!!! wadda fucking awesome idea!  smile ]]
wants to play the bass   wants to be better at piano   and doesn't think that shes coordinated enough for drums but that would be pretty badass 
pomplamoose!  so good   not the fruit the music   smile ]
good day smile   i got my sexy pumpkin seeds 
"didn't have rehearsal today and is now so ridiculously bored   this just goes to show how much shows envelope my life, i don't even know what to do with myself without rehearsal "
no rehearsal tonight   what will i do with myself   probs my final fq's  annoyed 
is feeling slightly let down 
is failing at writing her lit arts paper=[
is eating the most delicious <propfemale> crisp apple!  love 33
hopes she didn't ruin her eyelashes   haha 
good core project! i can't believe how that came together   kinda bad day tho annoyed 
should ice her shouldah 
"pretty good day   till the end, it got a little shitty at the end and now its better, mostly "
yay for veterans smile  and also <propfemale>'s birthday 
wants to learn russian 
needs to get her book for world lit  haha 
good day smile  not so happy about stage makeup tho 
show tonight!  i hope this weekend is restful 
when the dark clouds arrive i will stay by your side   i know we'll be alright 
doesnt have a twin for tomorrow 
oooh yeah smile  good ol' m&m's
readin' 
play tonight   servant of two masters tomorrow 
has so many good out of focus pictures that need to be up on facebook now 
a girl with kaleidoscope eyes 
"i got jewelry in my mouff, i got goblets full of gold "
is excited for potatoes and stuffing   hell yeah smile 
is kinda having a hard time lately 
did we have any theatre homework?
went from so so hungry to so full!
so much for no reason 
so much for no reason!
shakespearian paraphrases take forever!
is feeling better   should read some 'shadow of the wind' tho smile 
's eyeball hurts=[
so fq's are due the 9th right?
home sick=[ feeling pathetic   on my way to school soon though  =[[[[
momma made fudge yay smile   sampson got a new home today annoyed 
has so much memorizing to do 
tired 
has to go to a office party??
is perpetually cold 
made a horror movie today 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zhkhintdyxm
"\lose some weight before you hug me ron!\"""""
tuckered 
lost her chapstick annoyed 
lost her favorite chapstick awhile ago=[
needs to do something 
's brain is rotting 
"<propfemale> fucking christmas, right?"
it doesn't feel like christmas 
things are looking up   thank goodness 
is excited for a good day smile 
built her very own fire with real wood and everything smile 
so glad i'm not a puritan  
ministers often reminded their flock that women were inferior to men and more inclined to sin and error   -sooooo true 
yay   fun 
wants to be a navi 
is definitely going to pop culture (soda shoppe formerly known as moxies) this saturday at 8 o clock to see the funniest comedy around and <propfemale> out with the best people and have a great selection of delicious dogs and soda all for only $1!
things just don't seem to ever stop lately   goodness gracious 
needs to do her core portfolio    annoyed 
portfolio time 
everyone should go to the salmon creek burgerville tonight! <propmale> college's phi theta kappa is working with the salmon creek burgerville to donate money to heifer international   10% of everything you purchase will go to heifer   5-8pm tonight only   come and support   smile 
bck2gudeats
so much delicious food!
wishes people would get their own ideas 
needz 2 do hr thtr jrnlzz
* ::~$ndz 2 do hr thtr jrnlzz$~:: *
"troll, you're lucky i had a big lunch otherwise we'd be kickin the hate outta your racist <propmale> "
i just burned my tongue a little   annoyed 
enjoyed a very delicious mango   thanks becca smile  wadda good sharer 
is highly frustrated by skyward and would like to know her grades 
im gonna kick your ass research paper!
i had my research paper for history totally done for like two days and then i messe it up when saving and printing it!!!! gahhhhhhh   i'm so pissed 
fuck windows vista 
days not at school are the best days   i was never made for this 9-5 business 
dysfunkshun 
"has been up for about 15 hours, has traveled to seattle and back and performed in a play in those fifteen hours   time for some fucking sleep man "
"i don't like you, but i love you   seems that i'm always a'thinkin of you "
"no more of this, please "
get your own fucking identity   also this just needs to end 
is quite conflicted 
body rattlin flu  =[
yeah    i think i'm done 
much too much   i need some zen 
"decisions, decisions, decisions "
had a good day today   lots of fun with my cousins   now tho   reality sets back in          =[ bummer 
"<propfirst> party tonight with darling <propfemale> spilde   who to be, who to be   ooooh goodness "
i love my friends 
good day   looking forward to this weekend!  smile ]]
"nds2 do hr rsrch ppr!  annoyed  but lso jzzzzzz, chll da fq out plzzz "
actually needs to get stuff done    annoyed    
done!!! yeah!  smile 
lil beebee <propfirst> has an ouchie on his lil footie=[
really wants some jamba 
mmmm   i got some jamba smile 
"i'm quite cold   also i wish businesses were open more on sunday's   shit like the courthouse and stuff, ya know? shouldn't that be open all the time? you'd think so "
no school please! spring break so soon   thank god 
"dear friday,       please get here quickly   thanks,  lizeff"
should realllly start working 
did you know pigs are as smart as a retarded child
   contemplating    hmm  
roller derby?
doing absolutely nothing all day really takes it outta you 
uhmm   jamba time?  i'm thinking yes 
lebanese food   so good 
ohhh goodness i can't wait 
mmmmmm homemade raspberry sorbet!  sooo good 
going to a wedding 
is going to <propfemale>'s house 
good day smile 
fuck yeah   fizzy skittles 
ugggggghlemmealone
woooo!
good grief 
"on my own, here we go "
lost my process notebook for my <propmale> project   i hope i find it soon 
productivity is good 
tired 
bed time? yeah 
<propmale> project time? yeah 
so much fucking irritation 
yay done!!!!!!!!!
yay headway!  smile ]]
yay cleanses!!
so much theatre homework   and i want some potato chips
i needta cut my hair 
doesnt wanna do her vocab 
ate too much annoyed 
flies! thou <propmale> the bane of my existence!!
prom dress! haha
yay late starts 
<propmale> project portfolio done? whaaaaaat?!
summmah! pleez
editing done   portfolio actually done this time   accept for a cover <propfemale>   but that will be taken care of shortly 
shit   i gotta turn in my ashland packet!
i cant find my crayons!!!! >=[
spd^ computer! gee 
goodness gracious  bad day 
what time does prom start?
omg prommmm   muah wink 
can we get our pictures yet?? how do we see them?
"fuck the world, i'm hanging out with you tonight "
i need a job   annoyed 
<propfemale> beacon 
stressin a little 
im really disappointed with a couple of things at the moment   hopefully there will be improvement soon 
"really good trip   i wish we were all still there   it went way too fast  \ashland!!!!! woooooooooooooooooo!!"
i thought i did a swell job remembering everything till i realized that i left puddle in ashland!!!!!! =[ i'm really having a hard time handling this 
ate way too much today  ouchie 
puddle is safe and sound and home 
<propmale> project is officially done 
"now this is what i'm talking about, june!"
nine more days    annoyed 
likes whin pajus people lieke r horrabley misppeled
when life gives you lemons say 'fuck the lemons' and bail   - kunu 
woooooooooo!!!!!!
facebook just automatically declined my requested name change to add my middle name   my actual middle name   where can i complain!
just doesn't even know 
good focus party!!  smile   someone left a red necklace though   i kinda think its <propfemale>'s?
2011!!!!!!!! yeah! woo0oooooooooooo0ooooo0o0o0oooooooooo0o0o!i!i!i!i!i!i!!
oooooooooh! these days  wow 
off the grid!
submersion   the real world is lame 
"i needta make some <propmale>, yo "
the bay on thursday?  smile 
to begin the escape   packing   
"big booty, big booty, big booty, hey big booty!"
izz just like a mini mall
isn't that what black guys call their female interests?
hairy pits 
sunburns=[ ouch 
divine and most sublime
spoons and forks
homesick hopes
living is messy 
oh kitcheri    how i miss you 
so much sushi smile 
the eyes are the groin of the head 
adolescence just can't make sense 
reflections and plane tickets 
s3n!0rzzz!!!! 2011! wo0o0o0o0o0o0o!!! ye@h! woohoo! senior  hell yeah 
stress already annoyed 
saw a very sad thing today 
"mmm, tofu scramble and sausage   hell yeah "
is green hawk walks among the people 
"where is the love, in this moment?"
so many yawns 
good party 
oh crimmeny   
birthday extravaganza!
year 18 advice from uncle jake: just because your 18 now you had better still respect your mother and your father   and it's never cool to kiss more than one boy at the same time 
shower meditation   mmm 
"1  every cigarette will end, but i know another one will come \2  they need to stop making these cats glow in the dark!\\treasures of the day "
i'm an adult! i can cuss!!
"tight jaws, sour tongues, wanting hearts "
"tight jaws, sour tongues, wanting minds "
"holy shitamole, i get so warm in public situations "
"\i also talk shit about nazi's \"" -my dad"""
be here now 
i think images might be like    a good word 
pre-meditated 
100 grand bars are the shit 
time to leave this place   yes 
what an awfully depressing couple of days 
fashion is power 
blerggggg 
attached like glue to you 
today i found 20 dollars on the ground 
isn't it funny how you are always in your own dreams?
first time doing laundry in 5 months 
biology e playful lains the how and love e playful lains the why 
"clean room, clearer mind   get back on the bandwagon "
molasses 
wooo! acupuncture on the living room floor   just a regular old tuesday night at the zeff house 
i'd better say something cool to verify my anxious awaiting of <propmale> potter as well   please validate me and my attempts to reference popular culture in the making 
"acceptance, acceptance, acceptance   key concept, needs some attention "
it's time to let the robots do the work for you 
b l m g b  bacon lettuce mustard ghee bread  simple delicious 
united we stand   in love 4ever  love 
i'm very symmetrical 
in your mouth or in the trash 
i'm a marshmallow on an oak tree 
attachment e playful ectations equal great disappointment most of the time 
195 days   then life will start 
soft edges   all curves 
his sign said 'traveling  hungry ' i gave him my croissant 
"i can't help it, i just don't like you "
lacks femininity 
is <propfemale> proctor 
"i still believe in summer days, the seasons always change and life will find a way "
real talk   woah 
if i wasn't so lazy i could do so much 
i have no recollection of that   
oh silly parents! fasting when i e playful ect dinner from you  ha!
listen up maggots: you are not special   you are not a beautiful or unique snowflake   you are the same decaying organic matter as everything else 
solitary confinement 
new york should be closer plus <propfirst> needz to know i'm his one and only 
mustard everywhere   it is all over!
do you like cats? no fatties 
bitchezz b talkin' bout shit dey duno bout   drivez a brutha krazay 
my boot in your face is what keeps me alive 
"college, why ya gotta be like dat?"
application: done! audition: hopefully  
"<propfemale> fercho is my hero   so, uh   mindfullness, when ya gonna start showin' up?"
"\you're not allowed to be politically correct \"" -dad"""
days like this make me wish for that california haze 
cal arts audition: scheduled   flight: purchased   now for some shakespeare  annoyed 
woah    so much aversion 
"we're runnin' with the shadows of the night, so baby take my hand, we'll be alright "
attachment to the 'hawk     annoyed 
"(li'l bit-- half wanting to run, half wanting to get it over with, half wanting to be held by him)"
the <propfemale> asked the crow for a little show   in the hazy milk of twilight no one had to know 
chili   american idol makes me jealous 
"animals are just like people, but with fur "
so much! stressaversiontostress!
uh oh   fell asleep   time for dancing 
no water makes getting ready for bed tasks much harder than normal 
"\did you dance with anyone for money?\"" - my father """
no! tooth diamonds in portland january 30th   why do shows ruin my life?!?!?!
lazy bonez 
"bite my lip and close my eyes, take me away to paradise   i'm so damn bored i'm going blind and loneliness has to suffice "
"\fuck the wiggles \"" -me\",a07d738adaa47d708307c6607d7e9bfd,"secrets collecting dust, but never forget   skeletons come to life in my closet "
boots and cats and buns and tights
the library is one of the most inconvenient things ever 
her unmet strength collects around her hips and makes them sore for no apparent reason 
my life is nothing without <propfemale> rayne bass' teeth 
hellooooooo aversion   annoyed 
so much resentment 
i e playful ect more from those who e playful ect things from me
"so, running away? sounds good to me   "
i wish i was as cool as madalaaaane dimarco 
bodies are such a nuisance 
boy howdy   the clash between class and crass 
on my way to oakland! auditioning is    just a side note 
wonderful dayzzz
"done with auditions, i am pleased and relieved   only time will tell  "
he is my <propfemale> and i love him 
"sad to be here   good pals, good warmth, good love smile "
i am a pretty <propfemale> 
now! tastes even better!   lie!
so  i need secrets for my senior project   i'm thinking about making a formspring as a way for people to give me their secrets anonymously   are there better ways to do that?
body pillows and broken blood vessels 
hope my roll wasn't e playful osed!!  annoyed 
119 days till freedom!
thank you to everyone that has already sent me their secrets   please continue to do so! my goal is around 100 
aghhh so frustrated
i have sucha crush on <propfirst> mcferrin   
108 days till freedom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"burn the land and boil the sea, you can't take the sky from me  there's no place i can be since i found serenity "
<propmale> doesn't even deserve duckie   she just doesn't appreciate him   he's such a catch   
such a procrastinator   
i always feel guilty when i don't stay till the end of the credits 
i'm so gay for <propfirst> weir 
my asshole boyfriend and i are officially broken up   i just change the status on with a telephone 
"awhile, who am i kidding   i love you <propfemale>   love "
"alright   spelling grammar mistakes aside, <propfemale> is my true love   s s +l z = love 4evr"
<propfirst> o'connell   so hot right now 
i'm craving some <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s in a serious way 
all i want is pad thai 
sick as a dog 
all i want is fish and chips 
things happening 
no dharma punx tonight   coughing my brains out   =[[
i cant find my cd!!
i need an auxiliary cable 
<propfemale> is the worst 
"bacon for breakfast, bacon for dinner "
in 18 years i haven't done shit with my life 
i really need to write my research paper      annoyed 
"he is a real lover of making up the past\and feeling up his girl like he's never felt her figure before"
mac&cheese is best paired with writing papers on buddhism 
"\i just choked on my breath \"" -me"""
i'm so glad this week has gone by quickly   and sooon to california   bam 
antm   damn straight 
"breakfast, beach, boysenberry cheesecake, tunezz, <propfemale> park, wolf pack  good fucking day in the bay "
only bad thing so far? i left my crayons at home=[
"last couple hours in the bay   good times, good people   sad to leave  "
204 secrets  yay   if you have any more this is just about the last call 
"on the train, next to a snoring, farting chola  my computer died, i left my movies at <propfirst> beans' house  what we've learned: i hate trains "
4 more train hours   which are a lot longer than normal hours 
homehomehomehome  10 weeks of school  then on to new homes!  smile ]]]]]]]] ?
i think maybe i'm getting old    washington is very cold   rhyming wasn't intentional 
i think i left my roll of film on the train! i hate trains 
oh god   kill me 
cigarette smoke saturated in silence 
sun soaked cement
"she understands, she doesn't comprehend "
wowowow  9 mondays left  lots of conflict 
fuck youu
peas and corn and gheee! ohhhh yes 
stop leaking your issues all over me 
my darling baby=[[
weird dreams   
the world would be much more bland of a place if one had no sense of smell 
"it is <propfirst> chaplin's 122nd birthday today   happy birthday, tramp "
breakfast with <propfemale> smith? oh yes 
"1) i am a pretty princess\2) i love my mommy"
wow   awful day   except for breakfast 
question authority 
1-2-fuck you!
oooooh i give up 
drunken noodle and jungle noodle are very different things  
she's being a little bit twatty 
"lil wanye, so sexy "
"i might've just swallowed a fly, perhaps i'll die "
"<propfemale>, i definitely <propmale> out with <propfemale> spears in my dream last night   "
it is an outside kind of a day 
i should prolly take a shower   
at least i have uk skins   
uh oh   i can't go to 3rd period 
"what a wonderful 6 months with my darling baby <propfemale>, spenny   love  love you, boo "
"good bye, hair "
"charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent "
right handed scissors are the bane of my existence 
"oh, wadda day "
jus' watchin my skins 
"nostalgia, bro-stalgia "
"nowhere to go, nothing to be "
oh gosh    why does this always happen? ahahaha 
question everything 
"poison the reservoir, and then i'm gonna kiss you "
indian ladies only buy gold and diamonds 
<propmale>'s world! party time! excellent!!
where are all the non-assholes?
"june 4th, prom starts at 7   just asphyxiate me now "
shit is whack!
"<propfemale>   i typed in dtf and my phone autocorrected it to std   well played phone, and ohh so true "
"\if you bring home a street pimp i will not be happy \"" -my dad"""
you know what is sexy? janked up teeth  oh yes 
yay moms!!
ribs at grammy's   hell yeah 
may i waste your time too?
dontcha hate it when you wanna nap but can't fall asleep? me too  
lazy dayzz
ookkkkkay! i give up 
"do me a kindness- no more bullshit during the day, and that includes me!"
"i'm not growing up, i'm just burning out and i stepped in line to walk among the dead "
"what to do, what to do, what to do   "
good evening with the cuzziezzz
found a beautiful prom dress smile 
i am hungry! but my teeth are brushed already=[[
i think my sternum just popped a little   
"my senior project presentation is on wednesday, june 1st, at 6 surprise 0pm   everyone is invited! it is gonna be a party smile "
yet again    wtf?!
all i want is 21 jump street and sushi =[
senior project presentation: june 1st   cte show: june 8th   prom: june 11th   last day of school: june 15th   graduation: june 20th   sundance: june 24th   !!!! wtf  surprise 
my eyebrowzz are bein weird 
does <propfemale>'s secret originate from australia? cuz otherwise i really don't understand why the commercials always have australian ladies narrating  
i think my wiles are wonky 
so much to do so little time!
"   maybe chalk it up off to forced consciousness e playful ansion: tune in, freak out, get beaten "
a little bout of nostalgia hit me today like a punch in the gut and it made me sad   then i said 'fuck you!'
"i love you <propmale> <propmale>, one crazy movie  \\weird dayz  i gotta slow down  "
"work, work, work, work, work   i miss ludo (the labyrinth creature) was my bfflzz "
i can feel it in my bones    i'm getting old 
wuuuuuuuttttttt!!! senior project is done??? yes!
i have to get over my hate of copycats 
"my senior project presentation is tomorrow at 6!!!! in the courtyard if there is good weather   please come  smile ]\it was done by you and it is for you!\(thanks to everyone that contributed smile )"
writing my very last vsaa artist statement   it is a weird thing 
senior project presentation 6 surprise 0 at vsaa!! hopefully the weather will get with it and be lovely so i can still present outside   smile  come!  smile ]
"so relieved to be done! woahhh wuttttt!?! doesn't seem real  \thank you to everyone who came and participated with me smile  such a good e playful erience    love "
big day! time for sleep 
i wish i had a bendy straw that reached all the way from my cup on the table to my mouth  
i love my <propfemale> with all my  love    7 months and counting 
"\so you get a boner when you ride a roller coaster?\""     \""so you get a boner when you get chased by bears??\"""""
"such weird dreams lately, i dig it "
sleeping too late makes my face hurt 
i'm jealous of the people that get to go see aesop rock and kimya dawson 
people be pissin' me off   also censorship!! fuck that 
"i'm hardly in the yearbook at all   why do you spite me, yearbook friends?"
writing my last final fundamental questions ever  woahhhh   (i've written this status for pretty much every paper in my portfolio )
i need to be prom <propfemale>!
"\can't you want to do something normal??\"" - my mom"""
gay boyfriends are the best boyfriends    not that my boyfriend is gay 
i don't trust itunes  
"\i felt very paranoid    like some kind of criminal skullsucker on the lam from scotland yard \"""""
a creature ripped up my porch   wtf?
"<propmale> <propfirst>'s 96th birthday today, google is pretty bitchin    sooo    "
"   i wish you were less of a bitch, however, soon you won't be in my life so   "
the last time i will completely bullshit a paper for tfree's class 
where will all the martyrs go when the virus cures itself?
"today, i feel like an artist "
best night of my life    nothing matters after this!!!!!
my nose keeps being stuffy  
"<propfemale> <propmale> is sleeping like a sleepy baby, while i am sitting on the computer awake as fux! this is what i get for taking 4 hour naps in the middle of the day "
i  love  my bbii <propfemale>   i also  love  hott boyzz that work at french brunchaurants 
"i love my spenny t <propfemale>, he feeds me sushi and drives me home "
"i don't think its very nice to walk around my head all night, you got me tangled me tangled like a bread tie twisted   i don't think its fair "
"right before my eyes i saw the whole world lose control, i couldn't take it anymore   i fell through the floor, i couldn't take it anymore, i saw the whole world lose control, uh-huh "
"technically i am done, however, the whole 'no more high school thing' kinda loses its lightening-punch when you have to return for the next two days for various school related tasks     annoyed "
got my darling car back today   thank god    love 
time for some babytown baby-grillin 
i can't remember if i took my sleep easy or not 
apparently today was really pretty and i was much too asleep the entire time 
goodbye forever 
i love <propfemale>
"sundance, sundance, i can't wait for sundance "
most strippers are really nice 
"to everyone that came to my party, thank you! fuck you to everyone who didn't "
everyone is crazy 
"time for sundancing!! good bye for now, huge world "
badlution
"c'mon internship!! how sweet would that be!!? universe, let this happen?? prrrease?"
lost my big can of top   i hope it aids somebody in some prayerzz 
good date with my daddy at huber's 
life things! woo 
"\you know what you remind me of? a baby dragon \"" - <propfemale>"""
fire beats plague 
planning on going to the bay in about two weeks smile 
"now on sale in our produce section, $9 89 a pack: iceberg lettuce "
"ooh, i'm excited  seattle for awhile? hmm  "
"28 days later was really bad and pretty pointless  28 weeks, however, is a much scarier film "
<propmale> is such a good cuddler
jewish paranoia: $$$
i love miibunbun
never marry a kingpin 
"you don't punch a lady, even if she looks like snooki "
who knew tumblr was so much fun 
uh oh    bad day 
"it is good to love, but being attached sucks "
i really like sleeping but i feel bad when it takes up the whole day 
good 24 hrs with lhamp   she mii gurl 
"woah, woah, woah! life   exciting shit "
"home again, home again "
"\justin bieber has a big fat nose \"" -my mom"""
i have the best boyfriend   save for that whole leaving me for miami thing 
everyone is leaving! including me 
"my sissy is gone, gone, gone  =[[[ i think i'd been in denial this whole time "
you know that thing of when you cry in the morning and then your eyes sting all day?  annoyed 
<propfirst> hopkins makes a pretty good odin 
w  w  t  g  d ?
beetlejuice is on abc family!!!  one of my biggest crushes 
uh oh! every class i wanna take at sccc is full and every other class doesn't interest me in the least   annoyed  what to do  
i am very grateful for my hands and feet 
45th(?) anniversary of woodstock today 
"my boyfriend is so desirable   any place, any time "
i've gotten really into e playful laining to people on the tv why the decisions they make are so stupid lately   
there are some lovely people in the world 
i just had a wonderful e playful erience with a hummingbird 
"sleeping, what a wonderful thing "
i bruised my palm    =[
new face jewelry? yes please 
more awesome hummingbird e playful eriences today 
i'm sucha big kid   wtf!?
i miss <propfemale> marston 
i wish i had some guacamole  
gossip girl time!!!
my boyfriend is so good to me 
"seattle soon   california after that at some point   woop, lyfee "
"i don't like when bitches at the theatre that tell you to be quiet, but they do it louder and bitchier and with more noise than you ever made in the first place   \also being shushed   same vein, worst thing ever "
old computers and itunes can s my d 
alright aiight aite okay   i'm done with this shyt   i'm gonna go read   eff computers 
"laudrying, packing, saying goodbye for a bit   annoyed  woah "
sleepy in seattle 
one side of my body is significantly more tan than the other   the plus side is that i didn't know i could get this tan   the downside: i look a little stupid  
shaolin grandma   look it up 
i want to make lots of really good <propmale> 
wow   i love my <propfemale> 
i miss my puppy and my mommy and my bunbun 
first official day of working at act theatre tomorrow   i hope i don't fuck up   smile 
i had a feel today would be shitty   
"i have a feeling my love got distracted and isn't writing my letter tonight   i hope that isn't the case   \days full of vicodin, kielbasa, and ru <propfirst> - pretty good "
"sometimes i think \i have way too many pictures of myself on facebook \"""""
i love my mommy!!
most people fucking suck 
"i love my parents   had a good visit today, not nearly long enough    love "
"definitely feeling fall   comforting and beautiful, but a little sad "
"just watched tinkerbell with <propmale> and ronin   must say, it was a great film   i teared up a little "
sometimes i feel bad about all my tumblr posts   
i feel like i should start brushing my teeth in the middle of the day too 
i am not good at ironing and i miss the dark room 
"heyyyoooo, good lookin boyzz in seattle   holla "
"ru-roh   slightly stranded at act   shoulda taken up the ride offers, huh?"
"i like my men short and scruffy  in other news, i give up! ha "
"i can feel the breeze wafting through my leg hair  freedom         \(perhaps it's time to shave )"
good day smile 
wellll   there goes my plans for the evening  hahaha
obama is in seattle?? how fancy  hella streets be blocked off 
"wuddup with all this mayo all the time, you crazy bitches "
it is kinda lonely in seattle 
"fancy <propfemale> time! woo, go act theatre "
"i've had a wonderful couple of days and so many adventures  got to see my darling <propfemale>, we are badass  my birthday is in 4 days  wut?!"
