0cdf627b6db401af46573d8742f32da0
"hahahahaha so, i was stopped in my attempt to upload my cheesy new years video and post my obligatory happy new years stati because my cable went out exactly at midnight  i'm pretty sure someone broke into a substation and cut all the wires as a joke "
is packing his things into boxes (as opposed to?    ) and sweating and contemplating (aren't i always?) and writing letters (how many hands do i have?!) 
i've had fun  i've had enough  i've had it up to here  i've had to much to drink (water)  i've had sweat on me all day  i've had just enough sun  i've had many conversations  i've had many houses  i've had this song in my head all day  i've had (______) i
"if i were a fool, if i had no sense, if i were brave  you would know  (it makes sense from my perspective, but if you aren't me you probably won't understand it  hahahahaha)"
on a moonless night the stars come out to play and so do i 
"the dance is twisting and looping and quick  it is full surprising turns and steps and in some cases      in some special cases, the dance is created at random by the those that dance it "
lives in his head 
lives on a planet that spins around a <propfemale> that clings to the far reaches of a galaxy which is plummeting away from the center of the universe 
"just wrote and then erased four different status messages  his mind is frazzled, his thought bank is full and his pulse is racing  he can't wait, it seems to long  he wants time to stop, for it doesn't seem long enough  also, he likes talking in the third"
"when did i get this scar? i don't remember something bad enough to cause it happening in my past  it appears to be a burn, but might also be an old scar that was stitched  any ideas?"
needs to go but on his squirrel face before it's to late 
is wearing a shirt that is to small for him and thinks it's hilarious  he feels like if he moves to much it will rip 
"is very shiny due to trying to run up the side of a tree (he was some what successful, but more practice is necessary)  i've still yet live up to my super hero name *strikes heroic stance* the swedish squirrel!"
the wind sweeps me up into an embrace with the sun  the trees catch me when i fall  the ground rises to meet me as i step from their boughs  the sand swallows me up into a dark abyss where time stands still and blind things live  the river carries me to t
"oh yes, i am weird  i am weird sometimes what i say makes no sense  but my weirdness is what makes me who i am and i wouldn't trade it for anything "
wants to go hiking very badly  maybe for a few days  preferably on a very long trail 
"always, always, wakes up this pretty "
"little iki ran up a tree to try to reach the top  up two steps he got when he e playful erienced a severe drop  little ikirak limped away in pain and amusement  for he had no <propmale> of reaching the top, and he didn't know he would land on a rock   also, i landed"
"yesterday i went bowling for two hours, played pool for another two, then we went to mcdonalds for an ice cream, it was midnight  saddly, their ice cream machine was off for maintenance  we did, however, have a hilarious conversation with the two dudes on"
i can has bonfire?
had much fun with the fire last night  he also made an awesome tree swing yesterday 
"knows not what it is that confuses him, only that he is confused "
almost fell asleep outside on his brooding stoop  which is kind of hilarious 
i always think it's weird that people actually study in real life  it's just really strange to me cause i've never studied before 
is really hungry and bored 
i walked 4 <propmale> today  4 gallons of sweat poured from my pores  i climbed 4 trees  i wrote 4 pages  i woke up at 6 surprise 4 a m  and i have four main thoughts repeating themselves over and over again in my brain meats 
i can't wait for the winter here  i'll be walking around in shorts and t-shirts and sandals and most likely people will look at me like i'm crazy    so it won't be very different from winter everywhere else 
"is shirtless, shoe-less, chewing a toothpick, listening to <propmale> croce and browsing facebook       weeeeell       time to go greet the sun "
thinks that he almost died today at 4 a m  he isn't even joking  it was one of the most terrifying e playful eriences of his life  and kind of hilarious    sort of 
"feels the grass beneath his feet, the dirt between his toes, the wind on his face and the sun on his back    or as least he should because he should be outside greeting the sun  way to procrastinate iki "
"just walked 3 <propmale> and is about to go walk another 3  why? because he can, because he can  it is 99 degrees fahrenheit  i am wearing jeans, a t-shirt and a hoodie (one of those shirt ones, not one of the sweater ones )  no, i'm not crazy     i'm not that"
"had a dream about hiking and solving a hilariously ridiculous problem  also, i e playful ect today to be full of letter writing, running, tree climbing and music listening "
has had a very weird day    
"is being begged by his little sister to help the rebellion because she is beating them up so bad    aaah video games, how odd you sound on paper    or in text    whichever "
is totally winning this contest 
didn't know he liked so many coldplay songs until about 40 seconds ago 
just woke up  bad iki! no no! you still have to go on a run! ugh    
"when all is cold dust i'll be sitting on this rock, laughing "
has to much time on his hands 
"'s social e playful eriment  if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want,either good or bad  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your status and you'll be surprised with what pe"
"is slightly hyper, very tired and definitely happy "
"i wish i may, i wish i might, have this wish i wish tonight "
is awake if for no other reason then because he had a dream 
"my heel is killing me, my leg is aching, i'm tired and i'm utterly and completely happy "
"is in a basement, in a house, in chicago  5 other people are in here talking about sleeping arrangements  i am freezing "
is apparently very resistant to insect bites  the fire ant bite he got a week ago only hurt for an hour and he didn't do anything to it  and apparently he has gotten chiggars a few times and just thought they were an allergic reaction to something because
so    i'm told    as the story goes  my hands are covered in <propfemale> thorn cuts and everything is wonderful 
was just outside rolling around in the grass    
i'm learning skillz! i'm learning skillz!
"is listening to the superman theme song! also, he feels extra hairy today "
smelled like a gorilla that had eaten to many onions until ten minutes ago  yay bathing!
wants you to know that he is very happy that you are reading this 
"there is a big difference between wanting pudding, and having pudding "
"today, i did something for the first time in my life    i got my hair cut at a barber  it's now very short (compared to how it usually is) again    i kind of miss my floppy girly hair "
is sorely disappointed at his inabillity but hopeful for next week! and guess what? i'm totally not telling you (well    maybe you) what i'm talking about!
i think i finally know where i'm moving!!!
know's facebook chat is ridiculous and uses it anyway 
"i'm sitting in a basement, shirtless, shoe less and brainless (apparently) and i'm freezing  and i'm hungry  and i'm bored  and why are you just staring at me like that?!  i want toast, with butter and raspberry preserves "
hears the wind whispering  feels the ground heaving with the heart beat that is the earths core  and knows that all is well  but he feels something coming  something that rings of danger and change  and he senses the large beast looming over the next rise of time 
"the earth turns, the sun shines, trees grow, flowers bloom and i beam at the sight of the fabric bending around me "
"this is a landslide, this thing coming towards me  i am a tree rooted to the ground as this mound of earth tumbles jovially down the hill bringing my doom with it "
"who could have seen, who could have known, who could have predicted this predicament we are in? who? anyone  everyone did  did not you hear them? hear them trumpeting the coming devastation? yes, we all saw it coming down the road carrying with it all evil meaning and portent  we all saw and did nothing as it's vile, gruesome, grinning face loomed over the ridge  and now it is to late to stop    the pudding shortage "
"feel the world pulse beneath your feet, it is like the murmuring of thousands of voices, the beating of hundreds of hooves on hard packed earth, the flapping of a thousand wings, the <propfemale> of an old voice calling from a great depth  it is like a song that cannot be heard, only felt  in the soles of your feet and the back of your mind "
"careening off the <propmale> i breath my last breath, i see my last sight, i feel my last emotion  and i hear a voice, telling me to turn  and i realise it is my own  and i realise that i can't turn  and i slip over the edge of the <propmale> and soar over the canyon and fall into the abyss "
"the ant followed the cheese with it's eyes as the cheese fell to the ground  it knew what it had to do and so set forth on it's perilous journey across the water fountain lake  it faced many dangers ahead, but it was prepared to stare them all down for it's <propfemale> "
"eyes staring blankly at the screen before me, hands mindlessly moving over the board of keys, heart racing for an unknown reason i write this at 1 am while music floats through my head and occupies my attention  it is at this moment when i am at my strangest, when my weird beast wakes and wanders the streets of my weird little brain town where my weird little brain people sleep and suburban plains makes me dance "
totally has a psychic link 
"thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"my fingers tingle with the inspiration of the moment  my heart pounds, for i know that i am close  the time has almost arrived, the last <propfemale> is almost writ  at long last, this story i have kept locked in my mind like a prisoner will be set free "
knows that you can hear him  and he knows that right now you are looking at the clock 
"the wind is whipping away my words before i decide to say them  i have to many thoughts in my head, and not enough words to e playful ress them  i have a need  i have a yearning  i have a burning <propfemale> to say, that i know where i am, but not where i'm going and i know what i am, but not what i'll be  but i'm really excited to see "
does anyone know where <propmale> is?
"the future seems a little brighter today, the path a little clearer, the skies a little sunnier  music sounds sweeter, food tastes musical, work feels effortless  my hope has been lifted by the adding of a little more air to my balloon and from up here everything looks clear "
"no one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay jabba the hutt what they owe him  if you agree, post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"knows that the world isn't what it seems, and that there is more to see then is seen  but he also knows that he's not going to let it bother him if he can't quite see it all "
uuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrhhhhhhhhgg  raaaaaaaahg! rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! i think i might be going to bed 
my throat hurts from yelling at stuff     
"knows that this is cliche and that this has been said before and that sometimes it seems stupid  but he just needs to say, you have some food on your <propfemale> "
"you try so hard to reach the horizon, but does it ever occur to you that you are standing on someone else's horizon? instead of spending your life in a futile attempt to reach the horizon, find the horizon that's already all around you "
i've been listening to the song over and over again  i better be able to get this 
song his throat raw  it's fun 
yes! my voice isn't gone today! i can still talk! and it doesn't hurt!
"oh timing, how you pwn me! i'll remember for next time we talk ally kempf  i'll remember "
life is amazing  it really is  i just hope i will always feel this way 
dressed in drag today     i think that's all i really have to say 
"just discovered that he likes ska  oh, and that he likes spinning a bouncy ball just to watch the transference of energy in motion "
"i am not random, i'm just      omg! a dinosaur!"
it's strange when you know a stranger has been through your stuff 
"the wind knows not the worries of those bound to this earth  it has no fear, no anguish, no guilt, no pain  it goes where it wants when it wants  nothing bothers it  it has no trials, nor tribulations  it knows not happiness or triumph or joy or friendship  it knows not what love is, or what it means to have some one who will always be there for you  it doesn't even know that it doesn't know  i do not envy the wind "
sometimes i wonder what it would be like to be a storm sometimes i wonder what happens to the dreams that are left behind  are they recycled? sometimes i wonder what would happen if i just slept all day  sometimes i wonder at the vastness that is the night sky on a clear night  my breath is stolen from my chest by that vastness  sometimes i wonder if i wonder too much     
what happens when two electrons cross paths in superstring universe?
they get en-tangled! hahahahahahahahahaha
has a feeling that he is missing something very important happening right this moment  something he should notice  something that is probably very obvious 
has finally decided to memorize people's <propfirst> instead of just writing them down  he has no idea why he has never tried this before  it's really easy 
today    i downloaded five different pokemon themes  i regret nothing 
"is physically preparing for a busy day full of the unloading of moving trucks and cleaning and unpacking  but mentally, he is hundreds of <propmale> away "
is hungry 
"i know not this world of limitations of which you speak, for my mind moves beyond all limitations even when my body cannot "
"doesn't understand when he became a night owl, only that he stays up until 2 am + every morning "
will be
looks like a crazy person 
"is still up, even though he is trying to reset his sleep schedule  he had originally planned to go to sleep at 10     oh well, plans never work anyway  what is life without the excitement of never knowing for sure what is going to happen? what is a plan, without the enjoyment of having to think on your toes when it all starts falling down? happy tomorrow, my friends  say hello to the light of a new day "
"wishes to be omnipotent  and if that's not possible, wishes for a microwave with which to heat his food stuffs "
is contemplating the future of his stomach 
stayed up until 4 am watching <propfemale> wars movies 
"is a monster, a writing beast  and i am having tons of fun with nanowrimo   laugh "
roaaaaaaaarrr!
hit 10k words! he's 20% there!
"has today found out that he can create curry from nothing     well, not nothing  obviously he had seasonings and water and milk and cornstarch      and rice and carrots and peas and broccoli  but, it is a rather spare assortment of parts and he's never made curry before so he was quite proud when it came out tasting not bad  not bad at all "
"some how went from being tired, to being completely awake, to being tired and then to working out  everything seems to lead to working out for him "
has to start getting ready for bed  isn't that hilarious?
is disappearing from the internet for mysterious reasons  his return will be swift-ish 
is living in a world of weirdness that arises from the lack of weirdness  weirdness begets weirdness begets weirdless-ness 
is still 600 <propmale> away 
i e playful ect company today     i should probably clean the mess i made last night making veggie burritos    
"patients  it is all that i need at this moment in time (a rather long one, might i add)  patients and frozen yohgurt "
"has two be-bandaided fingers, still has a cut on the sole of his right foot and knows that all three injuries are his fault "
"can't see the future and can't hear time rushing by  his eyes are closed as he drifts in the current  but his mind longs to wander through the stream, to swim against the pull  his heart beats it's steady rhythm, and keeps him in his place  still his mind strains to move, and his arms reach for the sky  he is drowning in time, and falling towards the center of the earth "
p s  not emo  it's a physics thing 
is a pre-written language <propfemale> word processor 
my hand is twitching  my brain is taunt  my eyes are tired  my cards still sit on the table (figuratively and literally i think  or maybe not  i think i'm trying to hard to sound cryptic)  i think i'm going back to bed 
"wishes the lights would stop going out, because he's having trouble seeing  his arms are reaching forward, he is looking for the switch  he bumps into something else  it is dark and formless, as are all things that exist in the absence of light  it takes his arms, and leads him onward towards an unseen future  he doesn't mind "
 laugh  i have something back up on my wall that's been in storage for months 
sleep begets burritos 
"sleeping on the couch, sleeping on the couch! i'ma sleepin' on the couch!"
"is ine playful licably tired once more  his brain feels heavy, and his thoughts feel sluggish "
gah! pain!
i guess you know it's working when it hurts to move your arms 
"is planning a curry filled thanksgiving  this time, he has moneys with which to buy ingredients and he's making cake and he's much more excited about this then he should be "
"while at the grocery store, i was told by a small child that i looked like spider-man  i don't think i've ever felt more flattered "
"with a full stomach and a buzzing mind, i prepare myself for sleep "
"my shoulders don't hurt! my shoulders don't hurt! muahahaha! you will be pwned on this day, work-out!"
"finds life to be confusing, terrifying and oh so wonderful "
looks like a cockatoo and feels like a dreamer  he is also hungry  which is weird 
       i really don't understand how exactly my mind works  or how it comes to these crazy conclusions 
just realized that he is vain 
"really confuses himself, and not in a good way  in a confusing way "
"i was hoping the three 'rittos i ate last night would give my body the necesary carbohydrates and proteins to repair the tears in my muscles, but i awoke today to find that i'm still covered in aches and pains  lame burritos  really lame  not doing your job, i made you healthy for a reason!"
"this, this is the very first stati written from my new computer "
is using his computer and there are no wires coming out of it!
"i don't know, i can never know, i can think and i can postulate and i can theorize  but i can never know, and i think i'm ok with that "
"how long was he sitting there, it was light when he closed his eyes  he didn't fall asleep  he didn't fall to earth  he didn't rise out of himself  he was somewhere in between  how long was he sitting there in his mind, listening to his heart beat out a slow rhythm and to the sound his mind was making?"
"no no no no! don't do that! pleeeease?! it wasn't that bad, was it?"
"listening to the sounds of the past, hearing the whispers of truth, knowing the best is yet to come and the worst is far behind  oh how our minds play tricks on our souls, oh how our knowledge is less then we think  for you can only know so much, before you realize that you can know nothing except for what is in your heart and close to your soul "
associations  i have so many  i think i'll make a video about them   laugh 
3131 3131 3131 3131 3131 what do you want 3131?! why are you stalking me today?
"i try to tell you, i try to e playful lain  but you just say that i am insane "
is anyone else weirded out by my odd stati?
"it's beating it's rhythm on the walls of my chest, it's trying to escape  to find it's rightful owner, the one to which it belongs "
playing until there are dents in the dents on the tips of my fingers 
"is in his living room, watching the incredibles "
just watched a movie that was playing 600 <propmale> away 
"it's spinning towards the edge, it's going to fall  it's out of control, nothing can save it   my half dollar, spinning on my table  oh what did i do to you? what terrible fate have i assigned you?"
i know you are reading this 
"it's 2 pm and i'm still in my pjs sporting bed head  that's not to say i haven't done anything today, i've done lots of things  it's just that the order that i usually do things got all messed up  it's usually; yoga, work out, shower, breakfast and then guitar  but today it was; guitar for hours, yoga, work out and i still haven't eaten because i have to shower before i eat, other wise i fall apart "
he knows only that he will never know why  he breaths and the air fills his heart  he is so tired that he only sees what is in his mind  he is ine playful licably happy  he is living  he is smiling  he is  and he is happy to remain that way 
"long sleeves pulling on my arm hairs, driving me crazier "
is a house elf 
is wondering how he could possibly create a cohesive book out of all the weird stories he has accumulated over the relatively short span of his life 
is kind of weirded out that he isn't cold considering what it is he just did 
to live in a dream and to awake to a world that is so much better  that is why i sleep 
"some songs you can't just listen to, because they grab you by the ears and drag you into the depths or your mind "
there is a kitten sleeping on my knees 
i just feel so creepy  i think it suits me 
"dinosaur  sasquatch noise making day, it is      i guess  i mean, every day is dinosaur noise making day but this one is special "
i think i've almost perfected my veggie loaf! it's in the oven now and it smells so very good 
"my veggie loaf still needs a little work  the flavor was right, but it was a bit dry "
"is, apparently, the doctor "
crepes  i'm making crepes  mmmmm
"cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking  also, i'm cooking "
"what's on my mind you ask, facebook? oh so much "
"my eye is twitching, it's been twitching all day "
"time is creeping up on me  but now it's time to dream, a wish i'll make as my eyes are closing and maybe tomorrow it will come true "
"terrible, terrible night  i feel like a zombie "
yoifetugisthssmeeiagvelouoy groups of four 
"roses are red, violets are blue, in soviet russia poem write you "
hates when he has a brilliant idea and then finds out that someone already had said brilliant idea 
"sang \all my loving\"" to a complete stranger 20 minutes ago """
i know just enough to know that i know nothing 
has stayed up so much later then he had originally planned  but he is less    drifty  so it's all good 
is going crazier and regretting finding the world 
accidentally played guitar for an hour and a half when he tried to go to bed      surprise 
is stealing internets from the libraries 
is stealing internets from hisself   surprise 
"that walk was oh so cold, but oh so rewarding "
<propfirst> buble's version of the spider-man theme may just be my new favorite thing 
who else is doing p4a at the moment?
is anyone else still doing p4a at the moment?
still  up 
is rushing around
is making cookies
is now walby the house elf 
forgot to go to bed 
played guitar until his fingers were bruised and he gently weeped from the pain  hahahaha
"is a fine feathered friend, for <propmale> feels free  feet flail, fingers fumble frets  <propmale> forgets finding forgotten films, finally falling fast for fate "
is up at  6 smile 0 and is amused by this 
is pretty sure he has a brain tumor or something     prolly not though 
"it's a blind fold, kick back, type of game called the kansas city shuffle  where as you look left, they fall left into the kansas city shuffle  it's a they think, you think, you don't know type of kansas city hustle "
is wearing a shirt for the first time  he's owned it for over a year 
my knee hurts so very badly 
is about to try jalapeño cheetos it is kind of terrified 
oh come on! i make my ramen spicier then that for muffin's sake!
everything is achy today  graaaaa 
gah! he accidentally stayed up too late and now     gah! anyone else going to be up until four? wanna swap war stories?
"i just remembered probably my favorite winter memory  omg, so great!  see, one year me and my family moved during the winter months and ended up in this hotel during a blizzard  the morning after, me and my sisters went outside and built about 40-50 <propfemale> snow men  we then pretended to be dinosaurs (in my little kid brain i was a dinosaur    not much has changed since then ) and crushed all of them "
just broke e-minor     grah!
"is sploding, kthnxbai "
is no longer talking to his other personality  that dude is messed up  seriously 
didn't realize until after he broke a string how much he loves playing the guitar  he keeps mournfully plucking the remaining strings and has now resorted to playing his old harmonica in a sorrowful fashion 
my lips are numb and chapped and i think i taste blood 
"wonderful  sad, but    wonderful "
"spinning fictitiously through the prickly winter air, the screaming <propfemale> delivers the all powerful punch to my confused cerebellum "
"is tired and dreaming of sleeping  wishing for that unattainable thing  for fire freezes forever  stuck, simmering slowly  inching itself inward, investigating it's interior  behold, bountiful bellows breath! life leaps, lending light  for fire finds fair fields, far flung flowers flitting forever forward, forever faster, forever free "
*inarticulate mumbling accompanied by vague gesticulation*
ahg! shut up shut up shut up!!!!  some times the voices in my head get a little too rowdy 
"hrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm also, i am cold  some of you know why this is a ridiculous thing for me to say "
"i can't stop snapping my fingers  at least, i like to think i can't "
is silently making frustrated gestures and restraining himself from banging his head against a wall 
listening to his heart scream a rhythm in his head 
"sometimes i wonder why, but i usually don't "
"\linear equations with n unknowns can be solved  by evaluating the ratio of two determinants for each unknown \"""""
"aaaooooouuuu   i have a head ache  but not a normal head ache, my heart has relocated itself to just behind my right ear and is now trying to punch through my ear drum so it can get some fresh air "
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who    gets it and follows the instructions
what is it with me and kicking things? it's a little ridiculous 
has too much to be excited about  it's unnerving 
"i  just  don't  get  it  or rather, them  they are just so confusing to me "
zoksz slgvo slgvo slgvo slgvo! dsrhpvb slgvo zoksz gzmtl hrviiz slgvo zoksz kzkz kzkz vxsl mlevnyvi tlou?!
"head phones are so weird and wonderful  they create a bubble of sound  sound that is just for you  they let you <propfemale> a secret soundtrack where ever you go   they let you sink into the song, all else forgotten or set aside   they close out the noise when it gets too loud and bring a quiet that is deeper then sound   and they do all this while making you look like an angst-y teenager "
what is that thing called when you setup this giant domino effect thing through your house using strange and elaborate items (like a pendulum moving one of those drinking birds and said drinking bird knocking over a tennis racket and so on and so forth ad nauseum)?
has just discovered life in his brain 
"dsb rh nb yizrm-hvou hl rmgilhkvxgrev? rg xzm yv izgsvi zmmlbrmt   zohl, r ivzoob orpv dirgrmt rm iveihv zokszyvg "
is wondering why his arm hair looks darker today
sitting in ones closet with the lights off is very therapeutic  i really like the dark 
what's up?
what does idk mean?
is still really weirded out by his arms 
is being all stretchy and stuff 
needs a catch phrase
"why?! why must i be sick?    oh well  off to clean, i am "
just realized that was an insult  and it was hilarious 
"some guy walked up to me with a dollar <propmale> and asked if it was mine, i told him it wasn't  he said okay and walked away  i sat down and started crying  and that was the day i became a mischievious badger "
the square route of one and the square route of 3136 minus x squared is    (where x to the power of 3 minus 34 equals 30) i'll give money to whomever figures out what i mean 
"has a bum knee, a dented nose and scruffy face hair  he very well could be homeless "
"*vague statement about life and or death and or the meaning of life death and or anecdotal, non-comital advice about life death followed by a joke that voids what i just said*"
"yay! my fingers hurt again! (no, not sarcasm  at all, literally yay  also, yay! for five strings)"
"today, ikirak burned his hand     with boiling hot ramen noodles  he is typing all this with one hand while the burnt rests in bowl of ice water "
is in love with the a major7 chord
"my right hand is covered in dead skin that i can not remove without great pain  yeah     definitely never going to make this mistake again      at least, probably not "
i have a problemnopqrstuvwxyz  can you tell what it istuvwxyz?
my fingers hurt and my brain is sore  but it's a good thing
"hahahahahahahahahaha             ahahahahahahahahahahahaha trust me, it's hilarious "
"is now the owner of an ipod  i know, weird "
feels the snow between his toes and it is oh so cold
is up at four in the morning for very mysterious reasons  oooooooooooo mysterious!!!!!
"is at a secret, as yet undisclosed location "
thinks ally kempf is the most gorgeous creature to grace his prescence 
i think there is something in the water here 
"also, we need to figure out what to do in the 6 hours before i leave "
what am i doing?
i'm covering my tracks 
is back  back in chicago 
"right now hundreds of billions of <propfemale> neurons are firing, my heart is beating at 60 bpm, the muscles and tendons in my arms and hands are contracting and loosening so that i may type and my stomach is digesting my dinner  and uncountable <propfirst> of particles are spinning and giving me mass      i should really not think about these things this close to bed  now i'll never get to sleep "
you are all a figment of my imagination! now bring me a hover board!
is setting out on a journey to see how long he can go without food  lets see how this goes     15 hours since last food intake 
would like to appoligize in advance to anyone who will suffer through my spelling  i have a feeling it will begin deterriating the further into this fast i get 
"forgot to mention yesterday that for the first time in 5-6 years, an earing was placed inside his ear lobe  there was blood "
abcdefgjklmnopqrstuvwxyzabcdefgjklmnopqruvwxyzabcdefghjklmnopqrtuvwxyzbcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzbcdfhijklnopqrtuvwxyz
is a fan of eating spicy food and breathing air 
"put too much cayenne pepper in his couscous and while his mouth was on fire, he thought; \i could really go for some flamin' cheetos right about now\"""""
had a hilarious time on omegle 
four minutes in extremely low horse stance     i can't walk and i'm shaking     hahahaha
just spent about thirty minutes composing a message to a local news station  this is going to be good *cracks knuckles*
5  5  5  5  5 55555555555  5 55 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 bloody 5  excuse me while i puke through this giant grin of mine 
"hates writing status updates that he likes but can't post, it feels like such a waste "
has taken up the habit of knitting as he watches battlestar galactica 
i found underwear ontop of my t-shirts and i laughed    i don't know why i laughed 
"has spent to long dreaming of being a superhero and so now, his body is taking the toll  but he's grinning  he's grinning while is abdomen screams  he's grinning as his arms shake under the strain  and he's laughing  he's laughing as he can no longer walk  so i guess it's all good "
"has a brain full of thoughts and wonderful ideas and crazy schemes and scary worlds  dancing monkeys, cracking ice, falling destinies and a verb followed by a noun  but he can't remember where he put it, so he's stuck with the one he has now "
finger tips hurt  so much 
is a mass of incandescent gas 
"there's a fire in my brain, it smolders in the empty spaces between my thoughts  it's turning me to ash and eating away at my word <propfirst>    voc     voci?     umm    the words that i know "
is sad that his new kite can't be flown near airports 
a potato is with it!
"so, i have this baby chicken named <propmale> now    "
fingers hurt  mind melting  so  much  fuuuuun 
too much thinking    night!
"okay, so <propmale> the chicken is now rupee the chicken "
"the air is too cold, it's cutting my lungs to ribbons as i drag it kicking and screaming over my gums and through my throat "
is something of a diabolical genius when it comes to spamming people's facebooks 
is in a mcdonalds and will be here for about five hours     just    don't ask 
"putting out the candles with palm strikes, hallelujah is now stuck in my head "
has a tie  i can't believe this is the first one i bought since my dinosaur one 
has two rats on his shoulders  they tickle  so much 
"sometimes, a man just needs to punch himself in the face "
"all e playful erience will make you grow, the good, the bad, the cringe inducing and the moments of awakening  whether that growth is crooked and stunted or healthy and beautiful is up to you  at least, in theory "
"this is a hairs breadth and a split second  it is a moment, a beat in the heart of time  it is the tick of the clock and the blink of an eye  it is the space between a breath and the place beneath the fall of the pin  and it is precious  you will never see it again, it is here only once and then it is gone forever on the back of the wind of time  i feel my every moment and i wonder at it's beauty "
"so me and my italian dad walk into this mexican store and my dad starts speaking spanish to the asian cashier and he's just like \wtf?\""  this was even funnier because moments before the car door had slammed into my head """
has anyone seen my dignity? i seem to have misplaced it   
"'s mom told him he looked \jesus-y\"" today """
"because it is easter, only one other student attended today's class     uuuuuh  so  much  pain      at least i've learned the first form in only 4 days!  laugh       d= my legs!"
tore a ligament in his right thigh and ripped a muscle in his left      yay kung fu class!  laugh 
"\i've got machine guns     in my butt?!\"" that's gotta be one of the worst out of context quotes ever """
is the itch in the back of his own ear 
got giggled at by two college guys while riding the 'l in his bright orange shaolin monk uniform 
"and i was all like \whaaaa   ?\"" and then he was all like \""shutup!\"" and punched me  that's the last time i wear a hat in walmart     """
i have seen the face of the world and it scared the crap out of me 
has a very sore throat to thank for the past three days he hasn't gone to the <propfemale>  hahahaha
"is downloading 140 hours of chopin from two cds  this is ridiculous, but must be done "
"when i die, i want my tombstone to read: here lies ikirak saviano, no one believed his theories about time travel  1991-1391"
never really knows what he is going to do until he is already doing it 
"thinks that \the road to reality: a complete guide to the laws of the universe\"" was a very good purchase and is thoroughly enjoying reading it  all 1000 pages of it     it's bigger then an f-ing <propfirst> <propmale> book!"""
is a dumbed down version of the voice inside his head 
has an awful lot of running to do     ooooooooooooooooooooooo
spends about 3 hours (usually 4) a day at the shaolin <propfemale>  he should probably just get a cot there 
150  the number of times i was kicked today  1 half gallon  the amount of water i drank when i got home  12  the number of hours i plan on sleeping tonight 
may the fourth be with us all 
"found out yesterday (through a series of events involving a monk and punching), that his elbow can't lock in place so that his arm (from the knuckles to the shoulder) makes a straight line  he isn't sure how he didn't notice this before    "
"when i was testing out ubuntu (the newest version of jaunty), i accidentally (quasi-on-purpose) reformatted my drives and installed it over vista  which means i need to download all my files from their backup point  on the plus side, i'm really liking ubuntu "
"also, i have a new (old) cell phone and my number is now: 773-630-0667"
"please put this on your status if you know\or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by\the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire\is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring\peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent\civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status\for at least one hour?"
"sooo     i broke my pinky toe in kung fu today  but i think when sifu stepped on it, he reset it so it's not that bad  also, i broke my toe at the begining of class and then kept training  just saying, prolly  not a good move "
"my toe is less broken today, so i should be able to go to kung fu tomorrow     unless it gets dramatically worse in the morning "
"is drifting on theta waves, searching for new dreams and waiting for tomorrow "
just slammed his broken toe into a jug of water  it is a rare pain that will bring tears to my eyes 
oh the things i do for man-points 
"boomarang arms! one of the monks pointed out that my elbows don't lock, which causes my arms to always be bowed inwards and since he did, i can't stop trying to see if i can bend them straight "
"how come whenever i miss some of my kung fu classes, i get sick?"
i haven't been this sick in a while   
is still sore from saturday
has a swollen left foot (from accidentally kicking the elbow of one of my sifus     twice) a broken pinky toe on his right foot (it's almost healed) and bruised forearms      tomorrow's classes are going to be fun!  laugh 
"\he was the harbinger of doom and the savior and the light and the dark and his sacrifice was greater then mere death \"""""
"had a very strange day  first this skater guy wanted to take a picture with me (i was in full shaolin regalia walking to class), then i had a bunch of random people almost falling out of their cars as the sped past shouting and yelling at me (i was wearing orange, apparently that is a teams color or something) and then i had an egg roll "
what is it about a bright orange uniform that makes crazy people on the 'l want to talk to you?
"i didn't realize how tired i got after kung fu until i spent a night not doing kung fu  i feel like i can stay up forever  also, yay for scaring hooligans on the train! also, the karate kid wasn't bad     i could totally kick jaden smith's butt though      mostly because he's twelve "
"i have four potentiometers and a battery, but no way to connect them and no materials to build the electromagnet       but i also have an awesome laser pointer! so at least that part is solid "
can't sleep  knee hurts  so much 
has an ipod touch    ?
has arrived safely in <propmale>  this means you grandma
spent pretty much the entire day playing video games with his little sister (and by playing video games he means slaughtering innocent villagers in fable two and killing the locust horde in gears of war) 
is running his old computer non stop in the hopes that all the system errors will result in a self aware machine 
i'm on a boat!
too scared to sleep   
i am a dinosaur  fact 
"someone stole my bike  @#%#! from right in front of the <propfemale>, too "
"crashed his bike  and by crashed, i mean he flew over his handle bars while pulling on his brakes to avoid getting hit by the f**k-head driving the landscaping truck  his arm better be kung-fu ready by tonight or he is going to be pissed "
"why am i up? i should be tired  i should want to sleep  it doesn't feel like the time that it is  but i do feel a little     crazier  which is always a sign i've stayed up to late (or that i didn't get enough exercise)  it almost feels like i'm being kept up  every once in a while, a wave of sleepiness will drench me in yawns, but when i move towards sleep, something pulls me back  bah "
"sometimes i wonder \what if i was smarter? what if i was stronger? what if life was easier? what if i just believed enough? what if everything was perfect?\"" but then i punch myself in the stomach and start living again  #man-points!"""
can't  sleep  *zombie walk*
"raaaaaagh!     well, i guess that means it's time to workout "
"i couldn't sleep    so, i took up online poker  i've already taken someone for all they're worth     which was 5 dollars"
i haven't had this level of insomnia in quite a while    
have you ever been so out of it that you find yourself writing what you're thinking? my eyes itch 
just might sleep tonight   laugh  gotta go do handstand pushups until my arms give out    d:
"i just discovered a fault in my sleep plan  although my body is increasingly tired, my brain is firing at full speed due to the increased blood flow "
"i fear insomnia has begun to grow on me  much like an annoying, ignorant, narcissistic but good hearted workout <propmale>, i have gotten much more exercise since starting upon my journey to rid my life of it  side note: i am so f-ing awake right now "
just finished watching the cove and now has to try and sleep  which is going to be fun because now my brain is writhing in a mess of philosophical quandaries dealing with      fuck  just    fuck 
is still awake   ?
"i found myself wide awake staring into the dark at 5 am  i had been lying in bed for an hour without any hint of sleep  so, i went for a run  first off, i felt like i was in a bad sports movie (in which i play the hero who is haunted by [insert tragedy] and so can not sleep, so instead goes running to \clear his head\"") """
just got back from a three hour walk  still  awake 
why couldn't i sleep last night?!
"why?! why can't i sleep  my brain is awake, yet i don't feel like doing anything  nothing i can watch is appealing, none of my new books really fit the situation (although reading about superconductivity would make me seem hardcore at this hour, i would most likely remember nothing of what i read)"
"still cannot sleep  but at least i'm all zenned out from my weird meditating  it was    trippy, to say the least "
"ahh, the morning has arrived and destroyed any <propmale> of sleeping with the sun behind the horizon  now i must choose between staying up until a reasonable hour or sleeping in the middle of the day and ending up with that horrid mid-day-sleep feeling "
slept! he slept and he woke up at a reasonable hour! does this mean a normal sleep cycle for our slightly too happy friend? tune in tomorrow to find out!
"i have faith that i won't fall through my floor and so i stand  i have faith that everything i touch will avoid turning itself into miniature nuclear bomb and so i don't flinch when i pick up the remote  i have faith that the maid isn't trying to poison me (assuming i have a maid, which i may at some point ) and so i drink heartily of the water she brings me "
is attempting to only use his hand writing function  in an attempt to rid his desk of a keyboard once and for all
"now knows that it is a very big mistake to attempt carrying 60 or more pounds of groceries the two thirds of a mile from the store to his house  also, his forearms are currently in a state of permanent tension  it's very disturbing "
i've started this new practice of using the remote control app on my itouch to start music as soon as i have enough motor control to hold onto my itouch in the morning  it seems pretty bitchin' so far 
"in this world of electrons grouped into slightly\ more or less dense shapes, the personal interaction one can make with \another living being is the only thing that can be deemed real "
"he closes his eyes but sleep won't come to him  his mind is too busy to sleep, his brain is on fire  while he tries to sleep, everything becomes too important  the future becomes too bright and closing his eyes only makes it worse  \maybe he'll just wait for the sun "
"thoughts from the cvs parking lot: \is this get run over by girls with glasses day or something?\"""""
"eyes closed and breath slow, i imitate sleep  my heart beats it's rhythm into my lungs, i breath out and feel it slowing  but in an instant, it is racing  pounding in my ears as my gut tightens  fuck you neighbors and your fucking erratic light changing "
"while throwing tennis balls at my head, it occurred to me that this is not how normal people spend their time     and then i got hit in the head by a tennis ball "
"is staring at the chess board, resisting the urge to develop mpd "
is incredibly un-tired and will be playing guitar scales and doing speed exercises until he feels an inclination to lay in his bed and fall unconscious 
"what should have been a night of death like sleep turned into a night filled with terrible dreams and staring at my ceiling as my eyes burned for sleep  i would just like to say; wtf?!\also, ones leg muscles tend to be tight after hiking for about twenty <propmale>    just saying "
has a feeling he will be up most of the night practicing the violin   
"to bed? we shall see  if sleep over takes me as i lay still, i will speak no more  but! if i stare at my walls as the sounds of the night creep into the silence, play upon my violin, i will "
is some how too tired to fall asleep 
i went to bed at around 9 smile 0 and i woke up suddenly at 11 pm thinking utterly confused because it felt like at least 3 am 
"as i sit here with my iron man mask perched gently atop my head, i wonder if perhaps i have cracked "
"gen: did you know that a group of wild cats is sometimes called a \destruction\""?\",0cdf627b6db401af46573d8742f32da0,"when i looked at the clock and saw that it was 4 am and i hadn't gone to sleep, i was surprised  when i looked at the clock and it was 5 smile 0, i could only rub my poor eyes  now i can only wait for the sunrise "
"i think these orange pants give me strength  for i was tired and in pain, but when my legs became enshrouded in these neon orange pants, i was awake and spry  i'm pretty sure all the time i spent working out in the <propfemale> in said pants has imbued them with magical <propfirst> properties "
i just broke the g string on my acoustic  i guess my rocking out was too much for it 
"mumford and sons, my new favouritest band "
i shall lie in bed  perhaps i will sleep  perhaps not  but i will dream regardless 
"attention! this is not a test! beep beep beep beep\also, <propfemale>'s laptop has e playful loded and she wanted me to inform everyone of the situation  or, at least, that she won't be on facebook for a while "
"my pink electrics neck is a little bit more narrow then my acoustic  who would have thought a pink guitar would be made for smaller hands? there is a plus to this, though  practicing on a narrower neck forces me to have tighter finger control  to be honest though, my thick fingers tend to mute lots of strings "
wonders what pre-historic man did when he woke up thirsty in the middle of the night    
"thinks that he should be more tired then he is  luckily, he  got 4-5 hours of sleep before he could sleep no longer "
"has been up all night doing an extreme windows 7  ubuntu lucid dual boot  almost  done  still so many problems  why must you hate broadcom wireless cards, ubuntu?! why?!"
"i've done so much computer orientated stuff since yesterday night that i've begun thinking in terms of \sudo this and sudo that\"" i've had to write down and copy and implement so many lines of code that i can recite some of them by heart now """
i'm probably moving to cali really soon (think later this month early next month) so i'll most likely be very busy packing and freaking out and what have you 
"ahhhhh! well, that's not going to work  for those of you who received notifications of me commenting on year old stati, this is going to seem a lot weirder  but i just couldn't do it  after the third failed attempt to reach that far down someones wall, i just couldn't bring myself to continue "
there's nothing like a good brood to clear my head 
"oh god, too much guitaring  the fingers on my left hand a bruised and dented and numb "
"as i sit here in my boxers, failing to sleep, i wonder if perhaps i have gone mad   der "
"there is very little left for me to pack in my room  which is good, because i'm leaving for california very soon     i wonder, do must people feel nervous when they move? because i can't ever remember feeling nervous before a move  why is this so easy?"
"so  fucking  tired  also, has anyone seen an eyelash around here? i misplaced mine  oh, wait! there it is! it was on my eyelid the whole time!"
eyes burning  sleep    alluding! damn you! damn       you     
"sleep, why do you have such a strong aversion to me? i could hold you all night, but you'd rather we just stay acquaintances  strangers who pass ever so briefly in the quiet of night "
"dear neighbors, you are terrible dog owners  you have no idea how to train dogs, how to treat them and you appear to not really give a fuck  your dogs spend all night barking  i hate you  \sincerely, your pissed off (soon to be ex) neighbor "
"so sore  so tired  knees hurt  so much  also, the moving truck got here today so we moved all the boxes into the truck and then moved everything out of the bus into the box's place  oh, and i had to break into my own back door (which was surprisingly difficult) before i could do any of this (long story) "
i plugged a router into another router to bypass the router issues my little sister has been having on her atheros wifi cards  wtf?!
i've been doing heavy lifting and running in and out of the house all day  could someone e playful lain why i am having trouble sleeping?
is currently on the road heading towards missouri and then on to tulsa  this stati is brought to you at 65 mph from interstate i-70 via iki's father's giant laptop with mobile internet 
"also, i moved "
scratch that  i'm at a super 8 now for the night  near saint <propfirst>  should be california within a day or two  i don't think i've ever been in oklahoma  should be an e playful erience 
guess who is awake?!
is stopping in a hotel for an indeterminate time 
mobile interwebs  lulz  40 minutes outside tulsa  this might be an all nighter 
"sleep must happen  also, i'm stopping for the night in oklahoma city "
"my new address: 1046 alpine heights rd alpine california 91901 united states of <propfemale>, earth, <propfirst>, milky way  also, it's really really nice here "
"it was chilly this morning, so i started a fire in my room  true story "
"is thankful for the sun rising  thankful for gravity  thankful for the things that keep him  thankful for the things that exist only in his head  thankful for the wonderful smells and the warmth  thankful for the cold and the damp and the dark, without which the dry and warm bed would be far less sweet  thankful for all those who listen and all those that know when someone needs listening to "
is thankful for his ability to manage pain 
so tired  must sleep 
"it feels good to be sore and tired  more <propfirst>!     no, see, if i had more <propfirst>, i'd be awake all night  i don't want that  so     same level of <propfirst>!"
"where am i going, you ask? to a land of dreams and oddities that still cannot surpass my waking world  especially since my waking world has been pretty fantastic as of late "
"the wee hours of the morn are filled with the dark that comes before the light  but everything seems pretty bright right now, so the sunrise will probably be pretty fantastic "
"also, how is it three in the morning?! it's all q's fault  it's such a sneaky letter    "
"is going on a road trip to boston and new york     ? yes, yes he is "
"punched a hole through the fabric of reality earlier today     it was pretty boring, actually "
"sliced the tip of his big toe off while sprinting barefoot around his property  so, that sucks "
damn you almonds!
you know who you are  you!    nine
8 days 4 hours and 28 minutes
     someone hacked my facebook! what the fuck!
< 3 days  less than three fucking days!
he has said too much
1 day  that's all 
"time to clean like a maniac and let this day slip through my fingers  because tomorrow; i'm leaving on a jet plane! don't know if i'll be back again! (i changed the lyrics because i may die in a fiery car crash  otherwise, i'll be back on the 3rd)"
"is facebooking at forty thousand feet, bitches "
"is in cinci, chillin' on <propfemale> shaw's bed while she writes a psych paper only four feet away in that ^ general direction"
hello internet  i am on the road  i am on the road with <propfemale> shaw! this is real life
on the road once more with <propfemale> shaw  gotta love this mobile broadband  it's fucking useful as fuck 
"hey, <propfemale> shaw, you're phone is going to ring in a minute"
50 <propmale> to boston!
some how made it to boston and found his hotel room  it's a lot harder then it sounds   
best  christmas  ever 
hellol worlfd thios  iksxx daniewlllledsa biiuhyg  vtoew
"i'm dreaming of a white day-after-christmas  also, it's snowing quite a bit here"
"is staying at a really cute hotel with a really cute girl while a blizzard traps us  all in all, it's pretty great"
is this real life?
you know what's fun? rolling around in the snow after spending an hour in a hot tub  the best part is when you realize that you're not that warm and you have to sprint to your hotel room where your girlfriend is holding open the door and exclaiming your insanity 
"my girlfriend makes weird noises in the shower  i can hear her going \lala blah la\"" at the moment  it is highly amusing"""
"on the road again, off to cinci and then back home by the ninth  <propfemale> shaw  has some how managed to put up with me for almost two weeks and then agreed to another week  i feel like i'm in the twilight zone"
it feels like i've been on this roadtrip for my entire life     in a good way   
is home    and is sad    and is glad to see his family again     but is still sad 
can't  sleep  can't sleep! can't sleep!!!
"sooo     how should i put this     hmmm    i'm moving to cinci  i'm moving to cinci and i get to be near <propfemale> shaw  every day! if i had words to describe how happy this makes me, they still wouldn't be enough"
may i never become complacent in my completeness   may i never be content with being content  may i never feel that being perfect is the same as being happy 
"\praise the lord and pass the ammunition \"" - jesus h  christ"""
    you know    i just realized that one of my main goals when starting at the <propfemale> was to get beat up by a shaolin monk     that never happened! no one beat me up!!!
"finds it improbable that he'd be here  but he is, so screw probability "
ah packing!  i have done it so many times in the past two years that i'm inclined just to leave everything i own behind
"what's on my mind, you ask? college, packing, moving, buzzing my own hair  but mostly <propfemale> shaw  (text message <propfemale>! text message! i hope this works  it would suck if it didn't)"
like this status if you like liking statuses
packing; the <propmale> of throwing your shit in a box and praying nothing important breaks
life; the <propmale> of not dying
"is moving to cincy in 13 days    ? yes, yes he is "
"not to brag, but i'm really good at making mexican food  especially mexican food that is good for you (i e  my veggie burrito with a side of veggies and veggies)"
"nobody ever had a rainbow, baby, until he had the rain"
"wishes for a time machine, even if it's just one that goes farther into the future  even if it only works for traveling short distances through time, say    4 days, 3 hours, 35 minutes and 33 seconds? yeah, that would work"
tonight
has a <propfemale> shaw and is very happy about this
"on the     plane again! just can't wait to be on the play again! the life i love is making jokes with <propfemale> shaw! whatever, it's not a perfect fitting song  <propfemale> me "
"is in cincy, sitting in <propfemale> shaw's room  do you hear that facebook?! ikirak <propmale> saviano moved away from home and is now living in cincinnati!"
"<propfemale> shaw is with holding affection until after i post a status about how adorable she is when i'm teaching her martial arts stuff  \<propfemale> is adorable when she's doing martial arts stuff  adorable and deadly "
wow  seriously? this is just     seriously?
i knew there was a reason they kept those things behind childproof safety locks    i just didn't know it was to keep people like me out
"a wise woman once said, \this is stupid \"" and it is """
"\i am pissed at <propmale> gump  life is not a box of chocolates  it's a hershey's bar and you know exactly what you're getting the whole damn time \"" - <propfemale> shaw"""
"minestrone  a soup without a recipe  it is made up of whatever the hell you feel like putting in it  it is a soup of many faces and many tastes  it never has to end, for you can just keep adding to it as the level of soup in the pot falls  it is most definitely my favourite soup "
"<propfemale> shaw is the best  she really is  if she were a pokemon trainer, she'd be ash  if she were a <propfemale> trek captain; she'd be picard  if she was a girlfriend; she'd be <propfemale> shaw"
<propfemale> shaw and i irl pirated a movie    yes 
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !"
has a pretty damn good life
"has obtained his first apartment  he is now level 19! ikirak has learned \pay rent\"" which move would you like him to forget? \",0cdf627b6db401af46573d8742f32da0,i moved into my first apartment with the girl i love and i'm starting college and making pizza and this is the life 
hello
is it me you're looking for?
i can see it in your eyes
i can see it in your smile
"what's on my mind? not much, but <propfemale> shaw is sitting on my back and it's cool"
has his baby back! and his wii is hooked up to it 
we're in hell!
"i would never admit it, and i don't think i'll ever even know it, but i'm a pretty cool guy "
won a freaking ferrari!!!!
