e670fbed2272ba2f8ddd46cb9a4bf1f0
"can a human live on so little sleep that whenever you blink, it feels as though your eyeballs are gonna shoot out your head like a true life <propmale> rabbit, also who thinks that the film 2012 is an accurate version of events to come, time to sell up in cali methinks!!!"
is it wrong to be on facebook your first day at a new job??
i just got some really graphic grief from some crazy italian from napoli cuz i took all his money playing poker  i'm not racist but                                 
accidentaly saw a real life disgusting medical show  last time i watched it i passed out  for real i passed the ---- out
"ok my yankee and <propfemale> friends less than a week until our national teams meet in what will be an epic battle, no wait an easy win for england  do you people even know the world's biggest sporting event starts friday!!!!!!!!!!! support england!!!!!!!"
i'm looking for another lost soul to share this fish bowl
"two days to go, two days to go!!!!!!"
facebook has blown my mind
i like big butts
"the dark figure stood at the cliffs precipice staring out at the violent sea below  the long dark coat he wore waved in the heady breeze  the waves were calming as they crashed on the jagged rocks below  he smiled and turned his back on his friend, the sea "
"girls, girls, girls!!"
come on usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
i hate this sport!!!!!
come on england!!!!!!
"come on usa, you got the heart, now git <propfemale> shootin boots on!!!!!"
"some people live for the rules\i live for exceptions!!!!!"
"if i was a roach on a tree, tell me would you smoke me!!"
clap on!!!!!
"you go up down, turn around, <propfemale> go round and round, shake it shake it two times, dosie do, cotton eye <propfirst>, run around, pull me down, i'm never gonna come around, i'm never gonna forget you!!!!"
the obstacle is the path 
"proverbs often contradict one another, as any reader soon discovers   the sagacity that advises us to look before we leap promptly warns us that if we hesitate we are lost; that absence makes the heart grow fonder, but out of sight, out of mind "
the presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it 
argghhhhh!!! can't sleep somebody sing me a lullaby
