2e2ae573f72dc1bc55697110b73fa9fc
"well, it's new years day!    time to go back to sleep "
to ride a horse is to know what freedom is  to love a horse is to know you are loved back  but to choose a horse over a guy is just very smart     lol
i am sooo tired and it's not even 5    and i'm cold so i'm a bit crabby  playful 
"why does it matter which grade ur in?? a freshman could be smarter than a senior, if you pick the right people  they are not all smarter than us "
"this is to all guys: when you like a girl, how much do you think about her? please leave a comment  smile "
watchin a scary movie with syd    oooooooooooooo! hehe
14 more minutes    hehe
13
11
10
hehe 4 more minutes!
3
it's 8 <propfemale> past and now i'm done annoying everyone with this lol
why do guys have to be such asses sometimes?
i only slept four hours last night    thank you <propfemale> much <propfirst>! lol <propfemale>'s out to looking for you > smile 
ugh i put off my math homework until today  yay   annoyed 
sometimes i hate how my parents just won't let me go off and do what i want cuz after a while they'll think that i'm smokin pot or doin drugs or havin sex or something    so far be it from me to live my life 
hehe i know ur lookin at this    all i want to do is think about you day and night  there is nothing i'd rather do and i hope i never have to stop thinking about you ever 
i want a boyfriend that i can come running to with tears in my eyes and he'll look at me and say 'who's ass am i kickin babe?' hehe
"but i'm confused, does he like me back?!?!?!?"
there is nothing i hate more than not being able to do something    and i also hate hotshot guys  wink 
ahh  what an amazing day
"i love this weather    jst feel like dancing in the rain; therefore, i will!!"
i love   
perfect day for a storm     smile   love 
is it ok to cry about something that's completely out of ur power?
i hate science  stupid leaves! why must you have photosynthesis!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mt dew makes everything better 
about 12hrs left of torture
"anyone got an answer to this? ok, my heart says something amazing, but my mind says to be very cautious  need help  which one should i listen to?"
"going to bed so that tomorrow might be better    goodnight everyone, sweet dreams"
"they remember me!!! well, at least half of them so far     smile "
"so i am like, so sick of <propfemale>    lol i'm gonna get fat  jst watch me roll into school tomorrow!  playful  fell off of my draft horse friday night    makes me sad   sad  but i jst had mt dew, so i'm okay!!!! lolllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
pumpkin seeds are amazing!!
i feel that there is an angel inside me who i am constantly shocking  smile  lol!!!
i hope he's ok   
being a computer geek and playing fable!!!! i have so many ppl to kill    so little time  laugh 
"i'm so close to you baby, but so far away  there's a silence between us and we're so far away  you're my strength, your my weakness; you're my faith, you're my doubt  we gotta meet in the middle to work this thing out                                                                   - more love by <propfemale> chicks"
i miss him so much  sad 
"'life is a song, and love is the music'"
he said he'd come on   
forget the stupid 'key to my heart'    i'd rather keep it locked  > smile 
had a great little vacation!! gotta go to milwaukee and talk with my daddy's police friends  lol one of them was undercover as a cocaine addict  he was funny  laugh 
anyone miss me?
'i tell you far too rarely; it's wonderful that you exist'
oww! another <propmale> headache! that's what u get for workin out to get sexy abs ;p
"ok  i need help  this summer, i have to choose between softball and track  need comments and stuff"
"my legs hurt real bad, so i decided to be dramatic about it, and get out some crutches  now it doesn't hurt anymore!!!! i am a genius!!!!! lol"
some guys are rude to girls on purpose  others are rude but they have no idea they are hurting the girl  who agrees with me on the fact that this is very annoying?
haha kenzie he's so totally mine now! cuz only i have him for a profile photo! lol it's one of my favorites  laugh 
my day tomorrow will consist of homework and naps 
can't wait to see him again tomorrow!
"someday, when she hopped on a bus for brazil, that might change "
i'm quiting farmville 
awww! so many ppl with broken hearts!!!! wtf! you guys always have me to cheer u up!
haha i got to use the 4 wheeler to shovel snow i feel srry for everyone else who had to use a shovel!
i have a cold  sad  hope i can sing in choir monday!
"i'm so happy, nothings going wrong in my life    this is the best christmas gift i could ever ask for!  smile "
no homework!!! i love being a freshman haha seniors! lol jkjk
i love mt dewwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol im happy and i love the world and i don't know if i'm okay and i think im going crazy but i dont care!!!!!! lllllllllllooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!                                 mt dewwwwwwww
he broke my heart    <propfemale> christmas  crying 
ugh i'm sick of boys i'll just forget about them theres no point in another heartbreak plus i got friends who would never do that    i love you guys!
haha as a funny gift my mom got me a <propfirst> lautner magazine    collectors edition! lol beat that girls! hehe i look through it every day now cuz that's totally not creepy lol jk  laugh  maybe  smile 
ugh!!! the computer is so slowwwww!!!! i'm just kinda really frustrated
can someone plz tell me who charliebob flightpenguin is?
<propfemale> bride is one of the most awsome movies <propfemale>! and almost no one knows it! what is wrong with you people!!!! haha  smile  but i still love all y'all  love 
stephs brother threw and ice chunk at my hand and now i have a big bruise on my hand    sad  thanks veryy much <propfirst>!!
does anyone want to tell me who charliebob flightpenguin is?!?!?!?!
my bowling team name should be <propfirst> and <propfemale> lol inside joke
you gotta be sneaky <propfirst>    sneaky 
'without a paddle' is a beautiful movie made to the benefit of 3 yr olds so they can learn the e playful erience of the outdoors lol
'my miiinnnndds tellin me nnoooo    but my body; my boddddyyy's telling me yyyeesss!' lol i swear these are not my own words 
"you know what    it sucks that i have to be the one to show the guy i like him first, then i have to be the one to see that he's lying to me, then i have to be the one to notice that i'm never going to be with someone who actually cares a bit "
"i live for music, horses, and love  but maybe i can live without love if i just fly on the back of a horse, and listen to sound of the hoofbeats <propfemale> me away "
out in the cold trying to find my wood burner    jeez it's freezing cold!!!!  sad  i'm not happy  nope 
"dear lord: i want nothing for myself over the next year  i want him to be happy, i want his heart to never get broken, and i want this to be the best year of his life  can you please do all you can to make this happen? even if it means breaking my heart?"
hey are any of you on facebook right now? lol
"goodnight everyone    i can't wait to see all my friends again!!! even tho many guys may not like me, i still got all my wives!!! lol jkjk but yah   playful   smile   love "
why is the alphabet spelled in order??
i think that on the day of school right after vacation we should be able to sleep in every class except lunch  it should be law 
i want to be carefree    i want to be able to run in a field and not worry about the time of day; i want to be in someone's arms as i look up at the night sky; i want to know the true meaning of love   
"why is it that a guy will like me, and then all of a sudden i'm left alone  i don't know what i do    one moment he likes me, another i feel like a stupid little girl  why do i try?"
is the next boys home bball game friday?
'i attempt from love's sickness to fly'    beautiful piece and hopefully i can sing well enough for solo and ensemble
does anyone know how the boys bball team is doing? jw  smile 
curled up on the sofa and falling asleep    i'm just pretending i don't have anything to worry about and jst relaxing  smile 
"i trusted him  all he had to do was tell me  i'm so mad at myself    i promised myself i wouldn't trust another guy but i really tried  why does it hurt? and yah, it was a little thing, but it counts  jeez i am stupid "
hey if u guys wanna know what song i'm gonna b learning on the piano next    go on youtube and check out 'river flows in you' by yiruma  ur gonna love it
"i would rather feel nothing than be mad at someone    so i can do that  i'm not mad anymore, or happy or sad or careful or reckless  i just let go  i will see all of you tomorrow  good night"
dont take this the wrongway but    i just asked <propfemale> if she wants to see my downstairs!!! lmao hehe
"how am i supposed to know what the dude is thinking?!?! can someone please tell me how to figure out this impossible question?!?! how about you, barack obama?????"
"wow now i've found even more ppl from port    i wonder if they still think of me as that geeky lil kid who no one could figure out  playful  lol trust me, i've changed  hehe"
"i know it's crazy, but i miss the place i lived at 5 years ago, and i haven't seen it since   sometimes i wonder how they're doing in port washington   "
aaarrrgghhh!!! i'm lookin at the pics of old guy classmates    why did they have to grow up and look cute right after i leave!!! that is not fair 
haha it's kinda funny how everyone's suddenly talking about the packers getting their asses handed to them and i'm jst laughin my head off!
you know i have a problem with guys who don't give you a big enough hint    but i can be kinda brainless somedays so sometimes i don't try too hard to notice lol  smile  ugh headaches are not fun  so what's the theme for prom? does anyone know yet?
ugh really mr laitnen??? we learned inequalities in 5th grade    i'm sure i didn't forget them and i don't need 35 problems to remember! teachers these days   annoyed   lol
"i stayed at school because he wanted to <propfemale> out with me  he didn't show  i went to the game to watch him because he asked me to, but i don't think he knew that  i even tried talking to him because i thought he wanted to talk more, but he acted like i was just a stupid freshman in his face  what else am i supposed  to do"
screw guys who can't like only one girl and have to flirt with them all    even tho i'm goin out to do the same thing this weekend!!! lol gotta love gb! i better be able to find someone in the mall     wink 
"so, how do ya know when a guy likes  you? cuz i guess i've been pretty clueless lately    i am so tired i could sleep for the next week lol"
"i love it when i have friends i can talk to for hours on end about nothing and everything     thx to <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> m  and <propmale> g "
i'm happy  i jst feel like i have to put that cuz it's been awhile       i am happy  laugh 
ah my heart is soaring  smile 
"i really don't like it when a guy likes you and treats you like trash    and yeah, you know who you are  > smile    (   <propmale>, this is definitly not you ok?)  wink "
"ur completely right, far away by nickelback is the perfect song  smile   love "
well he can suck my    oh wait; i don't have that   annoyed 
"headaches aren't fun  sad  i need crack or something  get all paranoid  wait, did you hear that?? i saw something move right over there! lol jkjk as everyone should know, i don't do drugs hehe  wink "
even heaven is hell without you   
curled up again and falling asleep hugging a laptop lol but i'm not going to sleep until i can say goodnight to him   
tired    as usual  annoyed  i slept in and i'm still tired   wtf??
"ok, now i jst need to know what happened in crafts 5th hour, sml animals 6th, and lit  8th hour "
i'm so board that i clicked on every like button on the <propfemale>  annoyed 
"why didn't i stay?? because it wasn't my choice  why haven't i cared until now? because at the time, i didn't know that i would have a reason so good as this to go back  sad "
is going to ccd > annoyed   i think i'm gonna 'fall asleep' in class and snore everytime she says something important > wink  lol i'm bad      jk
me encata <propmale>   
is really missing him   
is dead 
"'let me be the one you call, if you jump i'll break your fall; lift you up and fly away with you into the night'  love "
"if you put all of your pain, misery, hate, happiness, love and dreams into the piano, the result is a simple life and a happy mind  smile "
"seasons come and seasons go one day sun, the next day snow flowers die and flowers grow but love is never-ending you can't kill it with goodbye it always finds a place to hide inside your heart for your whole life love is never-ending"
"i'm back from a nice two hours of horseback riding    i'm chilled to the bone, but the horses are happy, which means so am i  smile "
i had fun singing today    thx <propfirst> and tell the rest of ur family i said thx too plz!!  smile 
is nervous about tonight
i think i'll learn how to play a guitar  i've already got 6 notes down lol
i wish i could be like her   
there should be a punishment for being that stupid   
"stop posting stuff on my wall i can't see the images anyway!!! lol i got about 5 posts already, but my computers too dumb to see them"
had a great night because i could talk to <propmale>  love  life can't get much better than this  smile 
it's time to take these broken wings and fly  love 
so    all of my friends are starting to give friend requests to <propmale>; he's mine  mine i tell you!!! lol
"cowboy, i think firefly can do better than you  i mean, ur a guy and you need a bra for that flabby chest  idk how she puts up with you lol"
i was so dizzy and tired i started to fall asleep as i was walking and i was afraid i might literally fall lol
"at last, my love has come along my lonely days are over and life is like a song    for you are mine at last      love "
wishes he was on   
"all the people in pw know eachother now so well  and people in <propmale> were childhood friends  notice how i am in neither one of these pictures?? i'm stuck in the middle, where i never get a true friend that i've known forever  fuck it all "
remember the days when we were best friends? then i moved  what a great story 
"i keep missing him    but i'll be back on around 9 or earlier, don't worry <propmale>  love "
watchin tokyo drift  i love this music!
"i trust him, but i'm used to guys not talking for longer periods of time cuz they're talking to other girlfriends  what's wrong with me?! i trust him, so this shouldn't be a problem for me!  sad  confused"
"so, my sis got a new lizard she named spok (i think that's how it's spelled) and i got a new hamster i named coco  love  he is adorable!!!!!"
i'm gonna play with my hamster all day  maybe i'll get bit a few times as proof; but i wear gloves every time i hold the little guy cuz my hands are my money makers (with the piano you sickos)
"i went flying on the four wheeler thru a field because you get a rush that you can't get unless you have a good <propmale> of dying  ice cold wind just flyin by, four wheels under my feet, ah there's nothing like it"
shivering uncontrollably  not a good sign whilst having a cold  annoyed 
"go to www urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put one of the entries for your name under ur comments   smile "
"i went to sleep at midnight and woke at 5am  the day before, i had speed training and nearly died  and to top it all off, i have a lovely cold  i couldn't be better  sad "
life isn't going very well for me right now  jeez i just want to run away from it all  if only   
i just don't even care anymore 
"avatar was amazing!!! <propfemale>, i want that  lol ooh! and that and that   and you already know that i would date that and that lol jkjk"
only someone like me would do something as stupid as what i did this morning   
"no one will fall  not if i can help it  i won't let someone i love drop when they have wings  and if you can't fly, at least find somewhere to land for a little bit  get your strength back and fly off again  i've never been one to just let something like this happen  yet it did  because of me "
"i was thinking about you so much that i forgot to breath  i am a true idiot, jerk, ass, every name under the sun  i don't want it to be my birthday "
"about to cry    my best friend told me about his sister  this is a hard time for them  i have a damn curse with me that everytime i like someone, something bad happens to them  i don't even care about my life  i just want everyone else's to be better tomorrow  happy fucking birthday to me "
ok my life is starting to balance out again   
thanks guys!!!! it was a great birthday  laugh 
i have piano lessons tonight  playful 
"does he know that my birthday was yesterday, and it's posted all over facebook? all i wanted was to tell him i missed him and talk to him"
    i love <propmale> giuliani    
"kenzie, our baby is worth $0 01 and 22 35 of a cent squared with the variable of (xy+2 3x-2) lol"
so i went to the bathroom and took a crap and i swear it    it looked just like you! haha that poor person   
i need to get my life in order here    
boys; add that to my list of things to think about    lol
i am officially allowed back on facebook tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!
guess who's back    back again!!!!! lol i'm free! hehe until i decide to get in trouble again and i get kicked off facebook a second time      
life isn't what you e playful ect until you've gone through amazing and horrible times just to find out exactly what your missing     and what your missing in life may be what's right in front of your eyes
"my life is perfect; horses, music, aj, and a nap sum it all up!  laugh  good night y'all! lol"
"'have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? when you know they're your heart and you know you were their armor, and you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her?' a little harsh, but very sweet all the same  smile    (eminem, when i'm gone)"
has anyone else had a 'brother' who in a month turns into you boyfriend?? i love how the world turns    
i just had the best night <propfemale>!!!!  laugh  thank you daddy! lol
"shit happens    that's when your supposed to say 'ya, every time you eat too much   ' wow that's off the top of my head  stupid freshman mind lol"
i am going to be a little mad if it snows this weekend  just a little    get better soon please aj!!!!!!
"hey if ne one's friends with <propmale> maloney, can you please send him things for his maison?"
<propfemale> and i had a farting contest    i won! and then i helped her find the bathroom  annoyed 
can someone plz tell me if the packet is due in biology??? i gotta know!
"'my heart was singing like a bird; the birthday of my life is come, my love is come to me' -unknown"
hi 
"happy easter y'all!!!! hehe for easter, i think i would like to do nothing more then <propfemale> around with my boyfriend, i hope  smile "
"if anyone from softball comes on here, i need to know what time we have to be there"
i'm going to state for my piano solo and clarinet solo    but the judge had a stick up his butt when he listened to me and <propfemale>  that was the best performance and he didn't let us go to state  we'll get em next year kenz!
lol in <propfemale> her nickname is 'crazy'!!! hahahaha!!!!
i love to be happy  laugh  wow that sounded so fake 
it doesn't matter which movie i see    as long as i can see it with him  love  !!!!!
"awww me and aj helped a little girl learn how to catch a baseball, and now shes my new best friend!!!  laugh  hehe her name is <propfemale>"
prom is today!!!  laugh   love 
at state (solo and ensemble) i got a 2nd on my clarinet solo and a first on my piano solo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
now i'm friends with mr  simmerman!!! woooohhhhhhhooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
"so    mr  trepanier made 64 slides for drivers <propmale> students, and we have to copy every single <propfemale>  hopefully i'm not the only one who's mad   "
hmm    there's just something about those thunderstorms that make you want to dance
"i think i have my own personal guardian angel  no, not someone in heaven so much as right here on earth  a true definition of angel is a guiding influence and spirit, that protects someone, but i think beauty and personality all fit in  i'm just curious; can someone comment on what they think the definition of an angel is?"
where are you hun?
"ooo i love this weather!!! i just went for a 4 hour horse ride in it, and now i'm dead tired  annoyed   laugh "
"today is amazing    if it weren't for the lightning, i would be out in the woods right now!  laugh "
i just went for a nice stressful ride on the road with my horse    its like she wants to get hit  annoyed   but we're home safe now and she straightened out later on  smile  now i can go to bed happy  laugh 
worried     
"'cause i can only tell you what i know, that i need you in my life; when the stars have all gone out you'll still be burning so bright' good song, but it's a secret for now  wink "
at the water park with a headache    all the lifeguards have accents  i know this because i was curious and asked them alot of questions  nope  out of the whole water park there was not one person who wasn't an immigrant  annoyed  lol not their fault hehe  laugh 
"going to bed, thinking about you       love "
"waking up, thinking about you       love "
i was searching and searching    till finally a lifeguard who didn't have an accent was talking to my sister! omg an actual american! lol (i have nothing against immigrants) and to my sis: haha you got yelled at by an american lifeguard!!!
"hoping, waiting, going crazy, wanting to be there, not knowing how to deal with these things       i miss you!  crying "
i can't find my ipod  crying 
i really hate it when people put up stupid things like i don't know what to do or hmmm    there's gotta be something more important in your life then telling the whole world nothing 
"out of all my friends, i'm the only one that bothers to come online at 8 smile 0 to check facebook  it really sucks when you can't sleep in past 7 surprise 0 ever   annoyed "
"meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control  smile "
i'm a lucky girl  smile 
i cleaned out my friends list  if you can read this your important to me!  laugh 
i got one poster done for the fair  now i have 9 more to go  annoyed 
"notice: when i get back to school, of course i'll <propfemale> around with people and talk with my friends  but this year i am not putting up with any drama  yes, i will help you with your problems, but if you try to create problems with me, be ready for me to just ignore it "
"love how you watch\over me from \very high up in the sky, high\enough to be called heaven\\*just popped in my head  laugh *"
"the smile on your face lets me know that you need me\there’s a truth in your eyes sayin’ you’ll never leave me\the touch of your hand says you’ll catch me if ever i fall\you say it best when you say nothing at all   -<propfemale> krauss, the perfect words  love "
i'm tired and i don't want to do anything  jeez i'm such a teenager  annoyed 
life without endearing words is like being in a garden without flowers  endearing words create a feeling that makes our reality and life worth living 
i don't know what to do when i'm trying to stay awake long enough to look at just one email from you  i'll wait all night if you want hun  love 
"well goodnight yall i'm tired, and i have to be somewhere in the morning  smile "
tired cold and nothin to do until tonight  i'm so excited!!  laugh   love 
tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock
aj is an uncle!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"if i die young, bury me in satin\lay me down on a bed of roses\sink me in the river at dawn\send me away with the words of a love song  love \- band <propfirst>"
"you don't see what you possess, a beauty calm and clear\it floods the sky and blurs the darkness like a chandelier\all the light that you possess is skewed by lakes and seas\the shattered surface, so imperfect, is all that you believe\- 'you are the <propfemale>' by the hush sound"
"when i look to the left see his sun tanned hands, his muddy river hair and his thousand-acre plans i'm all shook up like a quarter in a can, ain't life sweet in the passenger seat!"
"dear august,\please never end \love, jessica \(ps- don't listen to keegan  laugh )"
i likeded da juice  joyful  haha!
i refuse not to enjoy every moment of life 
lllllllllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  annoyed 
today is going to go by vvvveeeerrrryyy ssslloooowwwwllllyyyyy  sad 
"ok lets see     i have a game today, sunday was amazing, and in my opinion    go see vampires suck!! it was hilarious!!"
ugh out sick for the second half of the school day  i hope tomorrow goes a lot better 
"can someone tell me why we feel the need to fly when we love someone? personally, i think its because god knows your happy, so a part of him wants you to go up and rejoice with him  love "
psych!!!!!!! lol
"this is to anyone from jv volleyball; first off, good job, and second and most important    did anyone see aj's wallet while cleaning up the elementary??"
"ah time for bed good night everybody; for the people that aren't feeling well, i hope you feel better! and don't give me your cold, i already had 2 this school year  goodnight!"
can someone give me a comment on what new song i should learn on the piano? it can be anything!!!
"i throw my homework in the air sometimes, saying ayyyyooo, i'll take a zeroooo"
are we still having the homecoming game??? its kinda gonna suck if we do  sad 
haha who else thinks that learning the electric slide in gym class was both embarrassing and awsome?!?!
"there were plenty of people at zach's funeral  it's easy to see how much he is loved  can you pray for him, no matter where he is? and remember to pray for all your friends and family and be thankful for how good your life is"
ah nothing like sitting down at the computer at the end of the night eating peanut butter from a knife and reading a book and chatting and answering emails and telling your mom why you got the grade you did and falling asleep! nothing like it!
"your everywhere in my heart, and always on my mind  please look to see that i want us happy all the time  if i don't have you, then my life will be done  but please don't let that happen, because to you my soul will forever be won "
"so i heard that ozaukee cty is coming to <propmale> for a football game! anyone in saukville, are you coming?!?!?!?!  laugh   laugh   laugh  !!!!!!!!!!"
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!! it means alot to me!!  love   love   laugh 
"its tell her she's beautiful day!! whether its your girlfriend a friend or your sister, tell her that she is beautiful  this doesnt mean that she's skinny or has the best hair, it means that her personality is beautiful in every way!!! it means that she smiles alot and makes other people happy and lives her life the way she wants to  tell her she's beautiful!"
"there's a girl in my mirror crying tonight, and there's nothing i can say to make her feel all right "
you don't die from a broken heart   you only wish you did
"someday never really comes, does it?"
you don't realize how much you care about someone until they don't care about you
"it's always the same in every relationship, there is always one person crying and wishing to get back together, while the other doesn't even remember the things they've been through  i hate that i have to be the one who remembers every little detail while you can't seem to remember me at all"
"the worst way to love someone is to sit next to them, knowing they don't love you back"
loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a <propfemale> - you know you'll never reach it but you just got to keep trying
love that remains longest in your heart is the one that is not returned
ask me how many times my heart has been broken and i'll tell you to look at the sky and count the stars
"if i never met you, i wouldn't like you  if i didn't like you i wouldn't love you  \if i didn't love you i wouldn't miss you, but i did, i do and i will"
\i had a dream and it was about you     \,2e2ae573f72dc1bc55697110b73fa9fc,"\the way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost \"""""
\if you really love something set it free  \,5f6d8b944a30e304cab7f7606deef72b,jaya vijayi bhava! boom sankar 
