9861c7b2a69ead7a85649f9990795ed5
how does one fucking work a fucking face book?  why the fuck's it even called a face book?
why?  question and answer!
"i still do not understand, do not com ply with this book of faces "
too much caffeine when every one else is asleep   fucking bummer 
is nervous   nervous as hell 
"days like this make me not hate this holiday as much as usual   so, <propfemale> christmas, suckas!"
i really wish i didn't have to go to work for one hour (and a half) out of my day off to listen to a moron rant about shit i could learn on my own in five minutes 
"finally, a day off!  i think i'll spend it with a drink and my new television "
"there was no-thing left to do, so i spent thirty minutes pumping up the tires on <propfemale> with a near broken bike pump and rode to the store and picked up a six of bohemia   it was liberating!  and some guys called me the leopard print og "
i want a car 
those turtles are fucking with me 
someone actually wrote something to-night   or nothing   that certain someone will decipher one way or another when he or she is sober   tomorrow 
"why would i go to work, why?  just have to deal with more drama in one day than all of the years of high school combined "
"right now, i really hate the internet   "
i want another spinach and feta wrap   right    now  ish 
i need respite 
"apparently, i actually can get sick   unhappy "
"does any one notice, that all of these peaople are doing that goddamn first name urban dictionary thing, and not a single one has anything bad said about them?  i mean, really; am i to believe that everyone who has the free time to do that shit is the coolest, sexiest, most fun, and best person to have around? 'cos frankly, that shit don't bite "
"cough medicine makes me high   happy day! makes me also want to steal <propfirst>'s puppy with a quickness, and hate starfucksyouover no less "
let's all drink to the death of a clown!
"yesterday, birmingham   wednsday, tennessee  you've got to love a girl with good ideas "
don't try t' dig what we all s-s-s-say
we've been served a raw deal   we must deal 
i let some one down   i'd almost forgotten the feeling of raw failure 
"there's nothing better than listening to <propfirst> and drinking a beer mid-day, i've decided "
"a continuation!: now it is drinking and meloncholy & the infinite sadness  good times, no better "
"i thought i was a radical, but apparently i'm just fanatical  thanks for the fucking pick-me-up, <propmale> "
give me a fucking break 
gah!
"so, all of the bars in montgomery suck   however, the amount of scotch that <propfemale> <propfemale> gives you for six dollars is   unfathomable "
"i'm drunk, and missing my girl   but, i'm dismantling these phantom limbs whilst waiting for taco <propfemale>, so i'm all right   just can't wait for the sax solo "
"watching midnight e playful ress, alone, in my spare time   i've reached a new level of weird "
<propmale> is mean 
"i'm drinking by myself and listening to <propmale> smith, because of one bad day at work   i haven't done that since those worthless motherfuckers in st  <propfirst> made me want to die   but, i'm not really feeling that bad "
"i'm really, really sick and tired of going home just to freeze my balls off some more   ouch "
i hate face book   i've been avoiding it 'cos i'm too much of a sissy to click one part of my life away 
today will be a much better day for those involved 
beer 
"switching over to windows 7 is a bitch when you have this much on itunes   well, at least i have jw and hours on my ipod   as well as all four lethal weapon movies "
lots and lots of wine   i only wish it was malbec instead of shiraz 
"it will be mine   oh yes, it will be mine  1985 chevy celebrity "
fuck all of this 
i'm never pleased   i can't say that in <propfirst> gourley's voice   that displeases me 
no alcohol to-day   i mean it this time 
"i win, motherfuckers!"
i'm so sick and fucking tired of not having a car   can't go out and do anything 
get me out of this fucking place   please 
"i have it!  just a day's worth of fuel pump work, and i'll be set to go to florida "
"martytrdom has its limits, but i am happy to reach them   just, when will it be okay for me?   'cos so far, shit remains shit "
"now the starter doesn't work   two windows won't go down  i had to borrow a fucking battery, for fuck's sake   it's like coincidence is trying to keep me from going to st  <propfirst> "
"o, victory!"
"well, tvc 15 is dead below dothan   hopefully it has been saved by now   but florida is fun!  i never get hangovers, and now i've had two in a row "
"my friends are married   crazy   i don't want to go back   fret not, i will "
"why am i doing this, again?"
"thankyou fr the good times and massive quantities of booze in st a, every one   it was much enjoyed, and i'll be back as soon as humanly possible "
so   any one want to give me a ride home from work to-day at six?  i thought i was going to be done with this   
"gah!  humidity, i detest you "
starbucks liqueur is too sweet   though i am thankful to those who let me have some   sad state of affairs when you can not afford to support your own light alcohol problems 
"making mix-tapes (compact discs) is such a trial   though, i'm happy to do it   wouldn't be able to sleep for an hour, any how "
"'nobody wants to get drunk and get loud, everybody just wants to go back home '"
i like hugs   and sparklehorse 
the thing i love about having sushi for dinner is that you always feel amazing the next day 
you were a child crawling from yr knees from it 
some of us drank way too much last night   some of us are really <propmale> over right now   ow 
"i'm never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever going to work again "
i am   so fucking bored   i am almost obliged to say that i hate days off   counfound no-car situations!
"so, if i already have a head ache, is that normal? i never used to be hungover   what a shit day "
"why, oh, why can't i seem to ever sleep in the mornings any more?  i get no enjoyment being up at six o' clock am "
"since my boss is pretty much fucking me in the ass with shitty shifts, can't he just give me a saturday off?  like, tomorrow?"
"i'm going to regret this, and i am very loathe to admit, but   i think i need a haircut   who knows how to cut hair?"
"getting  drunk and listening to i am not afraid of you and i will beat your ass is very, very, very fun   o, hoboken!"
"nothing is doing when there's nothing to do   so, i think i'm going to watch all three godfather movies "
"the last time i heard about everyone having an island party, i was in brooklyn   this time, i'm in alabama   i'm going to make it to the next one if i have to hitch-hike "
"all right   at least six more months of immense debt, no car, and a complete lack of intelectual stimulation   then, maybe, i'll move back home   if any one besides <propmale> cares   no offense, <propmale>my "
!?
"there's a distinct possibility that this may become a long and painful next few weeks   but, it's all for the best   i'd imagine   right?"
my alabama friends are amazing   'nuff said 
i feel really betrayed   i don't like that 
"oh, hey!  apparently, a si playful ack of pseudo-tallboy pbr gets you drunk!  ugh, i'm such a lightweight   featherweight, even "
"all of my friends are gone   all i can possibly afford is a six dollar pint of <propfirst> <propmale>   sad life, the one i lead "
"why does every one in st  <propfirst> seem to think it's so easy to just pick up yourself and everything you own, walk it down to florida, conjure a place to live out of nothing, find a job, and live like a god damn teenager?  stop fucking telling me to move back   i had my <propmale>, it's not going to happen "
"i woke up really early, moved a fuckton of furniture, then went to work   i'm exhausted   so, then, why am i still awake?  i'm not actually doing anything "
"drunken absolution  i am one hundred percent redeemed   as such, may the future burn alight "
"work all day, keep your rhythm through the night \\oh, and house is addictive "
"i win   the government has what they need    all i have to do is give shoe five hundred dollars and rid myself of the useless hunk of rusted metal that destroyed my finances, and then i'll have a clean slate "
i really miss those days when i felt like i had a reason to wake up in the morning 
"so   on my way to work there's this huge storm, right?  it's raining to the no-visibility-point all of the way until a mile from work   the clouds are heading straight for the store   the second they get there, they disperse   what the fuck "
show of hands if you like to fuck things up 
to-day is going to be   interesting 
the riceboy sleeps   
i wrote 
"evidently, it is not currently possible to adjust the truss <propmale> in my guitar   why?  because there is no truss nut   drum set, i fucking miss you "
i wish i never started smoking   
i need some whiskey and some headphones that work   stat 
"i have decided at the last minute that it is officially malt liquor day   for me   walkin' shoes, here i come "
mm   cheap cab 
if only i was lying in a bar with my drip feed on   
"mm   cheap merlot   wait   what!?   i am not drinking any fucking merlot!  thankyou, <propfirst> "
"great, i'm stuck at this horrible place for two hours   all because my current shift is a stuck-up bitch "
"from noir to cab, all levels of wino(-ism) are to-night to be e playful erienced    blood brothers assist in ways <propfemale> known to me previous   damn, i miss those crazy fuckers   thank <propfirst> <propmale> that i've the day off to-morrow "
"drunk     by myself, as usual   however, this time i lost a contact lens   and, i folded my whites in the meantime   fresh "
"rage   soon, i shall be quit of this madness "
well   it's about fucking time   all i have to do is survive 'til it's time 
"don't you love it when you can not save your hometown on facebook, 'cos the damn thing doesn't recognise rhinebeck as a place?"
o! thank the lord for high plains drifter   the next two weeks do not exi(s)t 
"does anyone ever get angry at how plane tickets can skyrocket from $139 to $280 in just a couple of days?\\yes, that's right   looks like i'm taking a greyhound all of the way to new york   fuck "
"to-night, it is hennessy and astronautalis   haven't listened to him in ages   throwback \\oh, and\\ugh  hennessy, really?  at least it's very special cognac "
"drunk   this time, i do swear   really   i know you all know "
"flight to new york at 11 smile 8 am on august 24th   then, it is adios to alafuckingbama "
"how did i show up at a place brimming with yuppies, have a glass of scotch and ten beers, and converse with law school students for the better part of a night?\luck "
"i absolutely love those reminders that i am not the biggest fuck-up that i know \\ah   la famiglia!"
"day off = beer and super nintendo \\also known as: happiness "
raise yr glass to the arrival of old friends and the departure of me 
"i do so wish i could get trashed in the middle of a river somewhere in a state that i know nothing about \oh, wait   i did \wish it didn't have to end   thankyou to all of those involved "
"thanks for the memories   \\god, i hate that song \but, seriously   fond farewell to the alabama kids "
"to all new yorkers, i apologise: you just got a fistful of drunk eamon "
fury    'nuff said 
i've never been so happy   i have my atd-i collection back!  it is a wondrous day night 
"tomorrow, it's off to my actual hometown   i went there once in twenty years, and only for about an hour \awkward "
"yay   i get to go kayaking again   it just won't be the same, though \\also, it's twenty degrees colder than two weeks ago   shit "
"can you dig it?  i can dig it \\as such, it shall be dug \oh   hangover "
"y' been had   hoodwinked   bamboozled   \\i'm sure you get it by now "
"my phone will work again one of these days   \\i promise "
"stuck at my father's house for the day   well, at least i finally get to take a shower \which is a good thing for all humankind "
wow   band practice   crazy 
"don't you love it when the bank tells you that you have thirtysomething dollars, and then you check your account online and it says you have six?\\proper fucked, i am "
well   start work to-morrow at 9 smile 0 am   wish me luck 
"you know, it isn't always a good idea to chug vodka and red bull when you're so tired you are about to pass out "
i love me some manatee   mm   tasty   
"band practice, again   evidently, i'm good at harmonica \a little "
"i think the party i went to last night might have crushed my will to live \it was that bad "
"going downtown to wander aimlessly \again \ring me up if anybody's getting into things to-night "
back to the grind 
"to all of those e playful ecting to see me at rendesvous to-night annoyed i shall not be present   i'm sure you'll all live "
"so, evidently the answer to the battlefield of love is to adopt a dog \\but, naw; seriously   alfie is an amazing movie    like high fidelity from the sixties, and on douche bag pills "
"all right   slept for eleven hours and woke up to fix my bike \a healthy bicycle is a happy bicycle \\now, to find somebody to <propfemale> me a lock so i can ride it to <propfemale> fest "
"let every one know that it's a damn shame when one has no internet \\'nuff said "
"to all who wished me a happy birthday a week ago   all thirty-five of you, i say this annoyed \thankyou \\i only wish some random decent soul had bought me the internet for my birthday   yes, the entire internet "
anything but saturday   
who throws a mug? honestly 
"so   both tron and true grit are all right movies \\by all right, of course, i mean fucking awesome "
i   miss my alabama friends   significantly   may they all be doing well 
ugh 
"a lot of people are going to be angry with me to-day \thems the bends, i guess "
"mixing gin, whiskey, and harp with late nights is always a good idea   waking up for the following day is not "
"ah, a glass of jameson and some green tea with <propfemale> in it is a beautiful way to start the day "
"tax returns came in!\good thing, 'cos i have somehow managed to go out and live like a mad man every fucking night this week "
"oh, and <propmale> of limbs, motherfuckers!  check radiohead com for the good deal, if any one has not yet "
still no sleep  i fucking hate children 
"how one can do something, regardless of the feelings of others, is beyond me  may they all fucking choke "
"ah, whisky drunk and malediction! how entertaining "
"oh, life is grand   well, kind of  a little "
beach!  finally 
"when i die, won't you bury me in my high-top stetson hat?"
"i woke up with a small gash on my shoulder and a couple of random cuts on my arm   i was completely sober when i got home in the early morning, and i still could not tell you how the fuck that happened   am i sleepwalk knife-fighting?"
these motherfuckers better stop deciding that they want fish and chips right before we are about to close the kitchen   on a slow day 
"all right! two jobs now   goodbye free time, hello capital "
here's to whisky and weakness  cheers 
hell of a day  i love it 
"someone, just     all right, seriously  you can have my job for one day  any one  please "
"i had a dream last night that i was at rendezvous  it was completely empty   not even amadeus, <propmale>, or <propmale> were there to tend bar   i woke up in a sweat \ha!"
"i would sacrifice the left arm of every one i know for an ibuprofen delivery service right now   no offense, guys "
i actually fell asleep as early as 12 smile 0 last night  almost eight full hours of sleep   go me 
why am i going out to-night? i am about to die 
