e868824585896d36cc1b2ac04f59ae03
up till 5 lmao soooo tired   
i gots a picture of <propfirst> and <propfemale> eating ribs!!!!  laugh 
note to self dont leave computer on and unattended when litte brother is near
holy crip hes a craple  laugh 
lota bad things have been happening to alota good people lately     sad 
kingdom hearts recoded comes out in 9 days i just beat birth by sleep    im tired of the handheld ones i want a kh to come out for a console again    *sigh* oh well good bye money t_t
"i had fun yesterday hangin with my cuz and little sis we went 2 see how to train your dragon in 3d, ate at phills, then kicked it at the beach  smile  now im hella stoked for the panam's gona kick some fuckin ass!"
haha stoked for 2marrow
checkin out some music my oldest stepbrother recomended so far it doesnt disapoint
haha fight club 2marrow for the first time in a while!  laugh 
fun day planned 2day haha  laugh 
alright    i wana cast a spell     laugh  unforgotten realms ftw
why is it that i invite like 30 people 2 my party and only 4 people go  annoyed 
fuckin xbox live -_-
nightmare on elm street was ok i still prefer the orginal though
what did i do wrong   ?
i kinda neep a power nap haha
fear the wrath of canadian lumber fool!
down with prom! kickass ftw!
"clam chowder, lamb chops, huge new york steaks     o o its all so delicious!"
fuck     i got nothin 2 do txt me if u wana chill 229-8735
fuck i feel like i havent slept in days
phones broken  sad 
"nothing like a little early morning streaking  laugh \the lock in was hella fun even though i havent slept in almost 37 hours  annoyed "
why the hell is eveyone flaking on the fight club meetings?! haha
wonder if shes into me or not hmmmm     well im trying guess thats all that matters haha
"got put in the friend zone through a year nook signing  annoyed  \at alexs house with <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst> can u say sausage fest?!  laugh "
hasent been home all weekend  annoyed  its been awesome!
hasnet been home all weekend  annoyed  its been awesome! lol
i hate when u cant tell how old chicks are  annoyed 
"im gona be a senior o o also i gota a new\phone txt me or msg me with your name and number cause i have almost\none of my contacts 229-8735"
talk anyone? im bored
im wondering why <propmale> a gay guy would tell me about an anime he though was good when more than half of the show is scantaly clad women im not complaing it just makes me wonder haha  laugh 
bowling 2marrow  laugh 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
pherhaps one 2 many mixed drinks  laugh 
a day in the sun always makes me really sleepy haha
fuckin <propfirst> coast plays dirty im kinda pissed!
<propfemale> is a strumpet  laugh  hahaha and brazil ftw!
have you ever tried simply turning off the tv    sitting down with your kids    and hitting them?
boooooooooooooooooored!
camping boating trip wensday thursday friday saturday anyone who wants to go we just be prepaired to chip for food and gas money for the boat txt me by monday 229-8735
fuuuuuucuk! why did everyone have to flake on the trip?! lmao
fuck    <propmale> vista or crap county? descions descions  annoyed 
"like this status\& i'll tell you what i like, dislike, my first impression, and a\confession about you!! then put this as your status and see who likes\it!"
the manga isnt out yet t_t the bastards lied to me lol
application for <propmale> vista goin in 2night
"me if youve ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think im a\good friend  message me if youve ever wanted to date me and comment if\we have had any good memories together  now lets see whos brave enough\to put this as their status   smile "
poke me if youve ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think im a good friend  message me if youve ever wanted to date me and comment if we have had any good memories together  now lets see whos brave enough to put this as their status   smile 
less than 7 hours of sleep      shit lmao  laugh 
to any of u who have mexican familly memebers and dont already know this! when u go visit them either plan ahead and be hungry or e playful ect to gain some weight haha because they will go as far as guilt tripping u into eating  laugh 
walking 30 minutes through the bad side of watsonville because your aunt forgets to pick u up and instead decides 2 sleep in not fun    lol
my parents say if i get into <propmale> vista that i basically wont get to do anything fun since it costs alota money and ill be doing hw 3-4 hors a night    i think im just gona stay at nc lol
just saw the p90x infomercial    fuck i need to get that im outa shape lol
will be takin the asvabs and physical for the millitary sometime next week  laugh 
awah!
men dont skip we frolic!
i hate how 90% of my familly is discuraging and actually disapointed in me for wanting to join the millitary! they say i cant go that they wont allow it but its my f***ing descion!
ugh     my grandms keeps bringing me plate after plate of food     food coma here i come loll
i wana have another fight club but no one replys d=
boredom kills   
hahhaha a serial killer who attacks hitchhikers offers a ride to a serial-killing hitchhicker  laugh 
finally figured out what school stands for  six crappiest hours of our lives!  laugh 
jasons a fucking flake -_- lol shoulda seen that coming
deleted some people from my facebook that i never talk to i think theres more i could do with out
"\mabye its a key all the time    and when you stick it in people    it unlocks theire death\""  laugh """
the day after <propfemale> <propfemale>s get together i went swimming and then went to my recruiters with no sleep and me being physicaly exhuasted i scored a 90 on the pre asvab and a perfect score is 99  laugh 
best day of the summer!  annoyed  had a fucking awesome time at the lake
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck im goin to bed    haha
house all to myself this weekend hookah here i come!  laugh 
yesterday: hookah with <propfirst> and <propfemale> the inception with my little sister i dont normally like <propmale> decaprio but that was an awesome movie    overall pretty awesome day
fuck the only thing that sucks about bing single is seeing all the happy couples around you lol
i want to plan another boat trip for early august what dates would work for u guys?
party 2night  laugh 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck so tired     still have to go to salinas  annoyed 
asvab and physical 2marrow in mountain view haha hopefully i do as well as i did on the practice
recruiter comin to get me in 30 minutes  laugh 
89 on the asvab im qualifyed for everything except the nuclear program  laugh  but that doesnt make me to sad somethin tells me the world is better off without me skrewing around with that kinda stuff  annoyed 
happy but very tired night zzzzzzzzzz    
is that pool thing still goin on today? lol i looked out my window and it was raining  laugh 
watchin the orginal jurrasic park
no jiu jitsu today  sad 
"awwww my buzz is gone haha oh well im watcin predator \get to the chopper!!!\""  laugh """
having some problems with the boat  sad  we might have to postpone the next trip a little bit
"shitty day, boat was broken, i got blamed, i missed jiu jitsu, im tired, and im irratible  annoyed "
i need to blow off some steam and i wana have a fight club any takers?
just ran my ass of for 30 minutes and then did sprints up my hill for another 15 and i still got 2 much steam to blow off
pretty good day    stupid class meeting i gota be at the school at 8!
woooooooooot! almost in reno drop kick murphys and hot august nights here i come!
<propfemale> car bomb + <propfirst> and coke + dropkick murphys = awesome!
almost home after an epic night of partying and moshing haha
fuuuuuuuuck im finally home i want nothing more than to have an <propfemale> car bomb and pass out  laugh 
watcin kick ass!
"\on that day    that you walked away day in december i will always remember ill regret it forever  i remember brown eyes so sad and blue skys turned to darkness and night im so sick of the fight!\"" circles - hollywood undead"""
fight club 2marrow anyone whos interested txt me 229-8735
since weve had the boat down at the lake all summer there was a bunch of mold a shit at the bottom i spent the last 2 hours on my back cleaning the bottom of it and its still only half way clean!!!!! -_- fml
time to make some cake haha
earthquake! haha
fuuuuuck i gota go 2 a baptism 2marrow!
why did i think it was friday   ? lol
surf and turf 2night! *drools*
"\a cat will blink when struck with a hammer\""  laugh """
damn that salmon it threw me off my game lmao thatsthe first time ive ever let a steak beat me  laugh 
you got an atm on that torso light brite?!
i hate the cheap ass places my dad takes me 2 get my haircut they royaly skrewed up my hair  annoyed 
coture destroyed <propfirst> <propfirst>!
<propfirst> <propmale> is fast o o
bull crap i was not hypnotized either the whole thing is a fruad or just this guy
just got some blueberry and watermelon flavored shisha and some quick light coals  laugh  im sooooooo stoked!
the green da concert was pretty fucking epic im not gon lie  laugh 
anyone who needs a ride for 2night txt me and let me know and ill pick u up when i go get more chips and stuff 229-8735
way to much hw now off to see if my eagle project has been approed yet hopefully it has  laugh 
fuck the internet has become stagnant and boring   
watching gran torino
fear the wrath of composite <propfemale>!
dads making me take conformation calsses -_- im pissed
paint balling was the shit and i saw jerr-bears eagle court  laugh 
it was 104 in san <propfirst> obispo yesterday and 101 2day  annoyed  it was fun but im glad im leavng the heat haha
fuck the drive back is boring some one txt me 18312298735
voice actor of inuyasha in gundam wtf? o o
ambien is fucking amazing even if i cant remember what happend  laugh 
the ballon people o o
fuck auditions on monday!
bitchin' kitchen is the weirdest god damn cooking show ive ever seen but its funny as hell lol
today    was a good day     smile 
haha wow i dont come one for like weeks i hvae shitload of updates  laugh 
case 39 was a pretty damn good movie the little girl reminds of my sister lol  annoyed 
i love the tbird so much power! haha even if the gas mileage is shitty
you know your emotionally numb when your dad yells at you then kicks you out and you dont give a shit  smile 
my novembeard is startin to get itchy =o
haha im skippin school 2day hello 5day weekend  laugh 
"si vis pacem, para bellum"
"\a shovel i feel like a polar bear!!!\"" hahaha  love """
watchin <propmale> pligrim vs the world
whos going to thegame 2night?
"\im gettin the pig!\"""""
character buliding takes sooooo damn long and is to damn complicated we had to devote an entire day to it  laugh 
haha <propfirst> valdez u finally did it now we dont have to listen to her bitch!  laugh  yay!!!!
im considering givin up on no shave november its soooooo damn itchy
i am an idealist    with a sniper rifle  laugh 
almost fell asleep at <propmale> potter haha well night all
whoever goes drining 2night be safe i just got back and almost died like 3 times its fucking pooring
phones out for idk how long so if u try to txt me sorry lol
is there drama 2day? cause i think i can actually go 2day  annoyed 
man i hope im not getting sick that would blow big time   
watching eureka sevan haha id forgotten how good it was
<propfirst> model 308 mxlr! this is the gun i have chosesn for when i get my eagle its preeeeety haha i love lever actions remind me of cowboys and indians  laugh 
i have made my mind im gona learn latin idc if its a dead language
"going skiing this weekend!  laugh \but still no phone d="
2 rolling rocks + a four loco = 1 good time!
fuck post holiday traffic -_-
"fuck im gona be sooo exhausted on monday    heres my scheduel the past few days  thursday: opening night + hw, friday: play, dennys, and anthonys house: 2day: <propmale> gray's  house, 2marrow: skiing  total estimated sleep for that period of time = 20 hours at the most    haha fuck"
this past weekend was my best in a while    haha i needed that but now i need sleep
closing night and the cast party were awesome i  love  drama kids thanks everyone for the big group hug last night  smile 
"3 new games kh: birth by sleep, <propfemale> protocol, and resonance of fate"
im sorry i had to leave last night but i had already made other plans an i didnt know anyone was spending the night over there i love all u guys
ran over a nail t_t now i gota take my car in to get the nail out and get the tire fixed goodbye money
im bored and my computers dead haha someone txt me 210 0830
pjust found a huge ass gecko crawling around my living room o o theyre waaaaay less weird lookin when they <propfemale> with british accents and trying to sell u
pinsurance  laugh 
computers dying nooooooo! d=
vanitas=ventus' evil half but looks like sora but ventus looks likes roxas but roxas is sora's nobody ugh im confuesed!!!!!! damn you kingdom hearts birth by sleep!
i hate when the fact that your single creeps up on you and bites u in the ass    
cant sleep t_t!
making my signature peanut brittle!!!!  laugh 
anyone wana go see a movie im bored   
i gots a slinky i havent seen one i 4ever!!!!
"\i cant put my arms  down!\"" im glad some christmas traditions are still around haha  laugh  i love a chirstmas story  annoyed  mery chirstmas everyone!"""
why are slinkies so fun?
i love being part mexican flan is amazing t_t
i got sami to make me a sandwich be jealous bitches! i love u sami!
had pretty legit christmas most of which was spent watching disney movies  annoyed 
makin cajun sytle pork chops and au gratin potatoes yuuuuum!
i think i spend more time at anthonys than i do my own house  laugh 
soooooo many pokes      o o
last night was a good night  smile  and i was the only one who didnt fall  laugh  wiiiiin!
reading <propfirst> pilgrim  laugh 
dont you love waking up to realize your spooning your pillow  laugh  oh an i <propmale> get reception at the cabin so sorry everyone
hahaha  laugh  american e playful ress is sending me stuff saying i qualify for a gold card 1  im not 18 and 2  my mom doesnt even qualify for one  annoyed 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well"
the first starship troopers is waaaaaaaay berrter than the sequals    it makes me sad
tryin to reset my internal alarm  no sleep till 2marrow night    t t
"\before i found these movies women only made me cry through my penis    now they make me cry through my eyes\""  laugh  i love familly guy"""
damn dog arent her animal instincts sapposed to kick in before things like this earthquake happen -_-
what is it with everyone getting tattos recently?!  annoyed  i want another one now damn u people!
"non sibi sed patriae -- not for self, but for country"
<propfemale> martinez  when are we gona <propfemale> out ho?!
"man ive been in rap mood recently lots of coolio, living legends, and tupac  laugh "
time to start workin on samis cake  laugh 
"peace is a lie  there is only passion  \    through passion, i gain strength  \    through strength, i gain power  \    through power, i gain victory  \    through victory, my chains are broken  \    the force shall set me free   - the code of the sith"
lesson for the day never turn your back on a pot that doesnt look near ready it will get angry and things will get out of hand very fast  laugh 
my knee is swolen wtf?! o o
wavehaven is most likely where ill be spending most of my saturdays haha  laugh  sooooooo much fun  annoyed 
so i guess no fight club 2day?  annoyed  and my computer crashed d= must find disc to reinstall my operating system!
objective complete: obtain lumber +50  playful 
why must u be so e playful ensive nerf swords t_t
here ya go lt  shinny sides    its ok you dont have to it eat now    your just sleepin    youll eat it later    youll eat it later lt  shinny sides!!! t_t waah!
mom left her laptop out lmao  annoyed 
would anyone be willing to lend me <propfirst> powers ive been really wanting to watch it latelt  annoyed 
improv and friends cheered me up 2day thanks everyone  laugh 
"\hey <propmale> you droped somethin oh wait    thats just your masculenity\"" - <propfirst>  laugh """
focus    focus    foc    fo    fa    face    facebook facebook facebook!
little brother ate all m white fudge oreos while i was gone -_- im so pissed
i just found out if left in july id miss my sisters birthday  annoyed  hmmmmm    
i get any    wtf!?
i make hamburger helpers then as the cheese is thickening i go to the bathroom my stepdad helps himself to a huge plate and gives the rest to the dog b4
recruiter lagged now i gota wait till friday to go up to meps for my physical
i told my mom i wanted to eat healthyer so i could get more outa my workouts and i told her more chicken fish and rice and stuff lol she buys me veggie p
rotien fake chiecken and tofu t_t fml
28 days 4 hours 22 minutes 12 seconds    that is when the world will end   
"like this status and i'll tell you annoyed 1) how we met annoyed 2) my first impression annoyed 3) what i like about you annoyed 4) favorite memory:"
recruiter txted me last night saying the physical was ago 2day    ive been trying to get a hold of him but nothin -_- my recruiter is startin to piss me off
i forgot how long a movie amadeus was
ok only the doors and painting are left for my project! wooot! dealing with my stepdad fo 8 hours at a time isnt good for my mental health  laugh 
it reeks of weed in hear  laugh  lmao  new favorite group sight on the mic i think so  annoyed 
random hipster chick just tryed grinding on me i think im <propmale> dancing for 2night  laugh 
kingdom hearts re sad oded finally!!!!
new kingdom hearts game    shit my hws not gon get done :
its a christmas miracle i cant stand playing video games for more than 3 hours at a time anymore now time for homework  annoyed 
the asshole strikes again and as ussual i have to clean up the emotional mess -_-
new personal record half a tray of rice crispys in 90 seconds  laugh  excuse while i go vomit  annoyed 
fml and this eassay t_t
just when u think someones outa your life for good and you tell yourself you dont need them anymore they walk right back in fml!
"\they call her lady dubstep\"""""
grawwwwwww fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuuck!
dance with me half dead rythem mama i smoke ganja doin the zombie somba
dead space 2 pretty legit
mom thinks i have mono    shiiiiiiiit
whos all going to the dance on friday?
every problem in life can be solved by kicking! roadhouse!
where was everyone 2day?! lol
he knew he could get burned  but the heart still yearned     with electric seductivness  she crept into his conciousness
"?¬dance was extremely fun thanks to everyone who made the dance and bro talk after great dom, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, sami, <propfirst> (for dancing with me most of the"
"?¬nigh  laugh ), <propfirst>  andur na everyone else sorry if didnt get your name theres 2 many and im to tired  special thanks to dom though for teaching me how to"
?¬ dance    sorta lol learned more from watching and for helping me let loose in general  night everyone
fucking word cap my last status ended up as 3 posts lol
fuck you insomnia you always pick the worst times to strike im tired and sore and now i have to build a shed fuuuuuuuuuuuck!
"how tall are you private?! 5' 9\ sir! 5' 9\""?! jesus christ! i didnt know they could stack shit that high!"""
anyone wana <propfemale> out 2day im bored txt me if you do
i love roof shannigans  laugh  it was fun even though there was no rave
phone got turned off =o
no <propfirst> this year! woot my life long streak is still goin strong  laugh 
phones working again  laugh 
hmmm next 2 weekends should be fun skiing then the dinner dance haha  laugh 
<propfirst> thought i changed my status in a relationship the called me all sad that i didnt tell him  laugh  silly jerr bear
why am i so damn tired and miserable i was fine this weekend d=
"dear hitman \roses are red\violets are blue \if <propfirst> bieber wins another award \you know what to do   "
hmmm    should i attempt to find a date for the dinner dance or just fly solo?
damn young <propfemale> ringwald is hooooooooot!
hoozah i am no longer a biohazzard  laugh 
again one man continues to ruin mood
fuck you insomnia!
why am i still not able 2 sleep?! t_t
"sensei some just death kwon cloged the toilet \noooooooooooooooo!"
anyone wana go to the movies 2night?
possibility of goin 2 magic mountain on monday   hell ya!!!!!
sami just admited to being a crack adict! o o
bored guess its time for the second run through of <propfemale> protocol
i just saw <propfirst> q and i still think socialized health care is bad idea     annoyed 
omw to magic mountain  laugh  is my hw gona get done? most likely not  is it worth it? hell ya!
almost at the first coaster of the day  laugh  soooooo stoked!
hahaha adreniline how i missed you so
me and my little sister find    odd ways 2 bond  laugh 
no homo but i missed hangin with <propfirst> haha
dinner dance in 2 days  smile 
man that school enchilada was a mistake   
sami and <propfemale> had sex in my car b4 even i had the <propmale> 2 d=
your so ugly you could be a modern <propmale> master piece!
?¸ive had an epiphany this year you can be nice to someone you dont like or have a problem with even <propfemale> out with them and not let them ruin a good time a
?¸nd its not as much being two faced as it is just growing up
i fianlly got the snow here haha its commin down hard!
feel like im getting sick and right after i get over my mono damn u chilly winds and sf
just made chicken feuchini alfrado with some mushrooms nom nom nom!
"\he never asked for her untill of course needed her and then he'd breathe for her he'd even bleed for her    he knew he could get burned but the heart still yearned with electric seductivness she crept into his conciouness\"" man i wish the whole song would fit its amazing"""
navy seals right away or 2 years in the marines training b4 i try first? desicions desicions   
<propfirst> god mods  annoyed 
i dont like the name <propfirst>! only faggots and sailors are named <propfirst>! from now on your name is gomer pile!
i constantly tell myself not 2 eat school food but do i learn?  sad 
26 minutes out of every episode of house is comercials am i the only one that feels cheated?
3 75 a fuckin gallon?! wtf?! thats the cheap stuff at vallero 2
somday i wana be lik the drill instructor from full metal jacket  laugh 
your like a giant cockblocking robot developed in like a secret fucking goverenment lab!
why is there bacon in the soap!!!!!!
"i dont want no teenage <propfemale>, i just want my m-14"
"krispy kremes, luthers, and like 4 hours of man talk all of this acomplished by 1045 and then we spent about 6 hours in sf what did u do 2day?  laugh "
anyone have santiagos #?
man im so sick of school yesterday made me real how mundane and routine my life has been recently   
our english song is preeeeeety legit haha
kiss me goodbye and write me while im gone goodbye my sweetheart hello vietnam
haha the write up for my eagle project is finally done shit that took 4ever lol  annoyed 
a frog just tryed to kamikaze my car    that poor flat bastard
why is it any attractive chick with a britisih accent instantly becomes 10x hotter
the <propfemale> will iluminate my room and soon im consumed by my doom
p90x is here!
gaaaaah    homework needs to be <propmale> must resist    going on facebook!
<propfirst> loves <propfemale> mcdonald  smile 
why are things eggo cereal and reesses puffs so much better than the real things lol
gas needel on f well arent you a sight 4 sore eyes  laugh 
ok the spin room is now my second most hated work out congrats plyometreics i didnt think i could hate a workout that much
knees are swollen and were out of ibeprofen    fml
goin to see battle la 2night
cut down a little on my friends list again if u can see this then u made the cut     for now -_-
i need either dunbells or better resitence bands anybody have some theyd be willing to sell me realatively cheap?
longer nap than i intended shit my sleeping patter is fucked
hoorah yoga x is moy workout 2night which means i only have to ice my knee a little b4 i workout  laugh 
p90x is awesome im actuall trembling i wont have any trouble goin 2 sleep now
anyone down 2 go see that weird lookin red ridding hood movie sunday?
there go my st pattys day celebration plans  annoyed 
tortilla chips + microwave chilli = lazy dinner  laugh 
"spent more time this weekend with dom and <propfirst> than i have at my house (including sleep) a total of 23 hourse  dom, <propfirst> and <propfirst> bros for life"
who got the vibrant eyeris album? this guy!  laugh 
"gah! why wont she just leave me be?! why cant i just ignore her     \my love for you was bulletproff but your the one that shot me\"""""
dont think the rain will allow for a fight club 2day  annoyed 
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! i cant wait for next saturday ive been looking at ka-bars all morning   
anyone wana buy my xbox? i havent touched it in a while
why do they sell windshield wipers individualy instead of as a set it makes no sense your almost always gona need 2 =p
"ok an xbox 360with the re5 skins and faceplae, a random blue faceplate, 2 controllers, 24 games, and the dvd remote  any idea how much i should sell the bundel for =p msg me and ill give u a list of the games"
oxford murderers is a total mind fuck   
s  darko blows   
"holy shit fuck! go to microsoft word type in q33 nyc\highlight it change the font to 48 and change the style to wingdings   "
ka-bar!!!!! ka-baaaaaaaaaar!!!!!!!!!!
gah my eye spam why have u betrayed me?!?!
stop your stupid laughing it makes you look like a whore!
"prime rib!\\i win!"
i want a manwhich now    *mouthwaters*
shit even my thoughts run into our flow charts now    damn you dom and <propfirst> haha
no more winerschnitzel b4 p90x x___x
"just as it starts to sink in that im graduating my ipod plays photograph, wake me up when september ends, and ghost of you fml"
i hate when the dentist asks u question when there like 4 hands and a ton of tools in your mouth -_-
"joker:are those    lie rounds?\pyle:7 62 millimiter    *click* fullmetal jacket!"
resitence band broke and made me hit myself in the mouth durring my workout 2day i hate resitence bands!
hell ya we got bro knives! we have done eveything we said we were gona do haha    what do we do now? can't get much more bro than we already are 
8    lol but theyre all crazy fml    t_t close to caving   
everyon call 772 257 4661 and you might get what you want for chirstmas  laugh 
my little brother just started a war he is going to lose! lmao
i hate comming home    if it were up to me i would only come back to sleep    if at all  annoyed 
"\forget perfect im trying not to be worthless since i last saw you ive been looking for a purpouse\"""""
<propfemale> wars cookie cutters    badass i think so haha!
"overall good day went surfing for the first time in 4ever, went boogy boarding with my sister on a lil and saw a buncha people at the beach  laugh \quote of the day \from a distance it looks like you have a huge flamming nipple\""  laugh """
"if you saw me in a police car, honestly what would you think i got arrested for? post this as your status & see what crimes you get accused of"
been up since 3 fml soooo tired
havent chilled with <propmale> in a while woulda been better if we coulda spared
