b4274c9bb5c0d476923ba6454de598ef
feels like shit all of a sudden 
its efffff innnnnnn hotttttt     and im suppose to be in an air conditioned building    ?
hahaha   no way?
fuck rude ass people 
t g i fucking f 
fucking called it    ugh 
tired of shady ass bitches 
follow me on twitter! twitter com jasonwhong
everybody's definitely on that fuck jason   fun 
happy new years everyone 
i feel like im always watching friday    
i need new movies to watch   
watching supertroopers cause i got shit else to do 
"i need a pen, i need a pad, i need a place to go, to get this shit lifted off of my soul "
bitches are shady   fuck you   bye 
wouldnt it suck if u had nerves in your hair???
"pandora doesnt go back in the box, he only comes out "
why the fuck was today my first time having mongolian barbecue    ?
wow  im so bored its ridiculous   
haha   urban dictionary 1  the act of being the sexiest person alive  2  a very very sexy person  3  something you would should name your penis1  he jason'd himself all his life 
free <propfirst>'s grand slams tomorrow 6am-2pm!!!!!!!
happy chinese new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone 
"split an eighth of shrooms, just so i could see the universe "
"you ever wonder what it all really mean, you wonder if you ever find your dreams "
"if ya'll cant already see, i aint worried about ya'll, cause im already me "
"its fine to fight for someone who loves you, but its not okay to fight for someone to love you "
"all the crazy shit i did tonightttt, those will be the best memories, i just wanna let it go for the night, that would be the best therapy for me "
hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids 
"you probably think im shady, girl i know but i, ain't gon fuckin bounce "
"question for anyone who feels like answering, would you rather make a big difference in a few peoples lives or a small difference in hella peoples lives?"
"this is your home, this is where your life lives "
why is psych really one of the best shows everrrr?
if i dont think about what i say all the time   i would be saying some dumbass shit 
ugh   wtf   maybe its just me   gnmfvdkjalradfjlbebvnakjfndkj 
how is she famous again?        cause i love her  - <propfemale> tidwell
"maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams, into real life, if you try to "
"and i cant e playful lain why, i just love to get high "
lets play young money!!!
i just kinda went on a fanning spree    
"chop it up and compare prespectives, life, love, stress, and set backs "
shorty can i sing 2 u 
"they claim you never know what you got til its gone, i know i got it, i dont know what y'all on"
"haters dont know shit about me, they the ones that talk shit "
"these other cats aint metaphorically where im at man,\i gave <propmale> <propmale> a valium and said,\settle ya fuckin ass down i'm ready for combat-man,\get it calm batman?"
recovery is amazing   cop thattt!
"got that warm fuzzy feeling, \yea them chills,\used to get em, \now your getting fucking sick,\of looking at em, \you swore you've never hit em,\never do nothing to hurt em, \\now you're in each others face, spewing venom "
"im so bad, im so good that im so bad,\i guarantee ill be the greatest thing youll ever have,\cause you aint ever met nobody like me, \and you aint gonna wanna fuck nobody else again "
but you keep treating me like a staircase its time to fucking step
"why do i always set myself up to get hurt?\why do things bother me, when they shouldnt even matter anymore?"
first 4th of july im going out and doing shit  and i got a fucking curfew? wtf is that shit? not gonna even say the time cause its fucking ridiculous 
"what an e playful erience \ smile "
 wink 
"so, after a year and six months, no longer me that you want, but i love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once "
note to self: dont get caught in that shit and pulled into the same old bullshit 
what are promises if you dont keep them?
new atmosphere   love 
dont get to watch my team play   but at least i get to watch the raiders get they ass kickedddd!
and i dont need a tank top to be a wife beater 
no more phoneeeee    annoyed 
took a shower your attitude stinks 
someone bring me dinner    smile 
portrayed as the bad guy 
"my headphones broke     sad \i need some   "
thats weird 
"just passed 10,000 songs on my ipod "
waittt  scratch that   i just deleted an album    im at 9990   
i guess people voted no on 19 
"i dont want what i need,\what i need hates me "
i love when random plays all the songs you want to listen to in a row 
holy shit im effin bored 
"omg its 1 again! \hm "
watching football makes me want to play madden    annoyed 
"i keep on runnin, keep on runnin, and nothin works, i cant get away from you"
"i wanna try a mcrib   \who wants to get me one?"
"ughhh   i hate being sick   \someone come take care of me "
haha   i unliked it 
should be the start of a fun weekend   smile 
damn    everyones getting into relationships 
"thanks to everyone that said happy birthdayyyy\ love "
wow    its been a year   
dont tell me i have messages when i dont!
just want you to care   but know damn well you dont 
"cold, hungry and boredddd   \ annoyed "
"can my laptop work please?\thanks"
fuck avg and their faulty update   grrrrr 
im about to throw a bf 
its a really nice day today   lets do something?
i guess this is the part where i leave for school    
#69 first gf? haha hella chill   never really had a problem with her   we never kick it though!
#23 i really dont know who you are    o o but you seem chill 
#  playful  + () =  smile  <--- bitch is trippin with that number! hah! your hella chill though   good ckm days  haha  i never sold you anything! it was all <propmale>!
#666c <---first letter of name   cause i just happened to get 2 #666  you're like my favorite asian!! lol too bad we never ever really kicked it except that one time 
#666s mmm   i cant think of anything to say    o o you're quite awesome! but you already knew that? you never talk to me anymore so   youre a loser   smile 
#420 you're lame 
#22 you're a loser  but thats what makes you you   i miss movies!  sad  always there when i needed someone to talk to  and i thank you for thattt 
ewww  i gotta wait for the ps3 to update    annoyed 
hmmm   maybe i shouldnt have listened to that song    
ahhh i love this show  love 
i hate when you show up in my timeline 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh im going crazy    
"i cant be eco-conscious, im always burning trees "
"she's a slut and she's a freak, but you don't know cause she's discreet "
damn    for a second there i saw a shitload of posts about the raiders    that seemed to all go away quickkkk 
man   fuck the sd and kc game   i dont wanna watch this shittt 
ughhhhh    and i said i was done missing you   
sooo   my grades basically gonna be based on this final and makeup quiz i just took     aka   fuck my lifeeeee 
im hungry 
"but a dream is nothing,\and its everything at the same time,\so you never know when you might wake up,\and find you was just living a lie "
thats all it takes for me to miss you   
i do that too much      
its a little chillyyy   
donezos for the ipod    aka my life is over       annoyed 
im fucking clumsy sometimessss 
im quite glad this years basically over     but its not like anythings gonna really change next year   
it looks nice out   lets kicks it?
"females are full of shitttttttt   \taking a nappppp "
i just want my ipod to turn on and be like   im kidding! im not broken!
i need something to do tomorrow    
"never had a new years kiss   \doesnt look like its gonna change this year    "
wow  you seem to be everywhere the past 5 minutes 
wait wait wait  i said bye   no more of that!
damn   shouldve said yes 
why do i still talk to you    ?
is it bad how much i make myself laugh?
damn   if the seawawks beat the saints     smh   
damnnnn   interesting game 
haha  thats extremely randommmmm 
i have theeeee fattest headache    sad 
youre full of shit 
hmmm   you know what    maybe not    
"just throwin this out there    \youre not doing a very good job "
ughhh  fucking irritated with my thoughts   and its really only one reason too 
i guess that means you die?
about to show <propfemale> freedom the business in scrabble 
shit! shes beating me    annoyed 
hahahahahah!!! i won!!!
ive liked like the last 10 songs that has came on pandora    yay for kanyes station 
