eecee7d9fb65bdaa7073071fae57fafa
woot! pizza! noms!
     yeah    
     i'm an effing idiot   
<propfirst> snyder bobblehead game tomorrow  not sure if i'm gonna go  tummys not feeling that well 
this bobblehead is the best thing ever!
phone killed itself  getting a new one soon  no cellular til then 
got a new phone  i've lost my <propfirst> so if you want me to have your number text me telling me who you are  same number 
sea world time!
hope <propfemale> can post that vid asap  pretty good stuff 
woo-hoo! kicked butt in <propfemale> worm 
"when big surf closes this summer, they're not going to reopen! this is their last summer  they want to focus on their other places!"
"fuckin dog just started pissin on my bean bag, right next to my ps2  if it had gotten wet, there would've been <propmale> issues  he's outside and will remain their for the remainder of the night  its me and ilu time "
i just applied to 4 colleges  that makes 8 total that i've applied to so far  4 applications in one night!
woot! my house is the neighborhood phantom tonight! got one day to pick two houses and pass on the message!
blegh  yankees won 
confused     
guys!!! its <propfemale>!!!! on tv! i'm so friggin excited right now  i must use all caps to e playful ress myself 
watching hsm 2  don't judge 
"homecoming photos are up!!! again, if you take them and use them on your pages, thats great and fine, just please give me credit!"
pixar short films time! woohoo!!!
"sat this morning, then oreganos this afternoon for my bday with my dad! woohoo!!!"
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! it was a great one, indeed!"
so it rained really super hard for like a 30 seconds  thats the arizona rain i know! none of this steady rain going on  psh 
"happy new year! for my friends from college, i'm probably an hour late, but it still applies! love you all!"
misses <propfemale> already 
watching the invaders with my dad  very interesting show 
got new jewelry for my eyebrow  pretty snazzy 
"guess what school i was just admitted to? thats right, hendrix  but like, everyone knew before i did  the office ladies, my mother, my step-father  and nobody told me  treachery "
visiting hendrix feburary 25-28! can't wait to see my sister and maybe my future school!
lets go colts! kick some saints butt!
i like the new facebook 
going to see wolfman tonight with teh extended half fam  soon to be family hopefully    laugh  excited for the movie!!!!
so did you guys know captain <propmale> from deadliest catch died? sad face 
if you loved me you would do my survey 
por favor do my survey  i need your support in this 
fml
helping my girl finish her project for her u of a   smile 
just rented a few movies from redbox and am sitting on the couch relaxing 
 sad 
"happy easter! got some red cream soda from the secret stash of my mothers  and an awesome shirt  and one of the best movies ever     too wong foo, thanks for everything, <propfemale> newmar!"
what to do with myself   
my tattoo is starting to flake   smile 
my poor illu has allergies  i feel so bad 
just finished watching the newest episode of glee  it was amazing  can't wait for next weeks episode!
bio seniors and juniors!!!! buy your prom tickets tomorrow! don't forget!
sooo    got an early graduation gift from my mom and <propfirst>! they gave me a rebel xs digital camera! can't wait to use it at prom! thank you mom and <propfirst>! love you!
watching <propmale> potter and the order of the phoenix  its pretty freakin awesome 
just got home  relaxing a bit before i start getting ready for prom 
"relaxing, watching <propmale> potter and the order of the phoenix  just a day at home "
"for all of those wanting to look at my prom pictures, i will get them up as soon as i can  most likely either tonight or tomorrow night  same as last time, if you want to take some of them and use them, be my guest, just please say you got them from me "
"prom pictures are up  feel free to tag yourself or take them for your own use, but make sure to cite me  i'll get around to captioning them soon "
"happy birthday to the greatest step dad ever, <propfirst>! and also to a dear friend of mine, <propmale>!"
"for all of you that are wondering where i am planning to go to college, i finally have an answer i am awaiting the decision of a <propfemale> that, if approved, will give me that last bit to put me in hendrix  if this happens, hendrix is it if not, who knows? so please, for my friends of the religious persuasion, pray for approval  and for my friends of the secular feelings, cross your fingers and say please to the universe "
"feet hurt, tired, marker on my face  relay for life was alright  might consider doing it again  maybe not "
wooooooo suns win woooooo
becoming invisible 
up freaking early to help my mom and <propfirst> with the yard sale  the scrafices i make     smile 
any questions poised on my formspring have been answered 
"woot! suns kicked ass! was kinda worried there at the end, but they did amazing!"
bout to start my last monday of high school  scary 
just found out my mom and alexgot approved
"just found out my mom and <propfirst> got approved for my school <propfemale>, which means that      i'm going to hendrix!"
<propfemale> is coming home tonight! woot woot!
<propfemale> is finally home! so glad for her to back! i love her!
tomorrow is my last day of my high school career    kinda scary but yet exciting at the same time 
getting ready to start my last day of highschool ever  i hope my presentation goes well 
high school career has ended  crazy 
"for those going to my graduation    there may be a bit of a surprise when you get the program   for those i told (<propfemale>, kaydee, <propfemale>), don't say a word  i think i'll keep it a surprise "
graduation practice today  seniors remember to wear something nice for class picture 
graduation day! so excited!
"i am officially a high school graduate! congrats, class of 2010!!"
making the family sauce  i love this father daughter grandmother time  haven't done this in awhile 
getting to know my brand new laptop! thank you everyone who helped this dream come true!
http annoyed  www azcentral com video # news drop+out+prevention 40280768001 35150280001 86862191001
"watching a show called lingo on the game show network  pretty interesting  i understand how to play now  but do the contestants? i think not  they can't even spell, which is neccessary to win  how did these fools get on this show?"
"so i'm sitting here watching the match game, and i'm just kinda paying attention and they get to where they're showing the celebrity answers, and guess whos a celeb on this game? <propfemale> white  when she's younger  totally surprised me and made my day!"
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me vforvampires
"watching the jetsons! haven't seen it in ages! man, this past week has been one good old show after the other "
look at your life  look at your choices 
i think its funny that all the contestants on baggage get a free 6 month subscrition to a dating website  makes me laugh 
"clearly, all of it is my fault "
going back to pho-town tomorrow  planning to get into town in the afternoon  fun stuff 
at lutes in yuma with the fam! woot!
feels like going to the mall today  anyone game? could use some company 
ended up just hanging out with <propfemale> nicholls watching the game and spending some good sister time while the rents went for her cake  also watched toy story and discovered there are episodes of buzz lightyear of <propfemale> command: the adventure begins on youtube  been a lazy day 
i knew there was something i didn't like about that chicken   
"so i just got home from a long hot day at work, and i go to check the mail  and what do i find waiting for me? buzz lightyear of <propfemale> command the adventure begins! so excited! and also imagine me & you was in there  thanks for brightening up my day, mailbox "
not doing too well in the emotional feelers department  cheer me up? anyone? no takers? course not 
"gonna eat my sammich then go to bed  if you call or text me and i don't reply, thats why  need me some sleep "
still not doing well  long night  long day  sucks 
just bought the spanish version of you've got a friend in me  best itunes purchase ever 
doing better today  thanks for all the kind words and love 
i know every mile will be worth my while
just finished the passage  such an amazing book  new favorite book of all time  i recommend it highly 
bout to start going through acrosanti pictures   why do i take so many?
been a half hour  not even halfway through the first day  woo hoo 
woo hoo! done going through the pictures and deleting many of them 
"wow, group z  wow "
cellophane that shoulda been my name mister cellophane
"<propfirst> steinbrenner died of a heart attack at the age of 80 and has passed away  as much as i don't like the yankees, i still am sad about the passing of a name synonymous with baseball  rip"
poke me if you've ever had a crush on me    like this status if you think im a good friend    inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me    comment this status if we had good memories together     now lets see whos brave enough to copy and paste this as their status
"jessi+my bed+1 hour= my sister asleep on my bed  she has taken it captive  now do i be the nice sister and find another bed, or do i kick her off?"
"jessi: \we should have a sleep over in my room\""\",eecee7d9fb65bdaa7073071fae57fafa,yay! very happy cause my love is back in town! woo hoo!
the fiends! they've converted this bouy into a giant magnet!
"what weighs six ounces, sits in a tree, and is very dangerous?"
holy heart failure!
omg i miss bio this is kinda depressing 
"oh man <propfemale> nicholls is the coolest! i wish i could be her!  maybe one day i will reach her grace, intelligence, beauty, and all around exemplary existence "
nothing matters anymore 
"so, i'm laying on my bed  listening to the rain and i hear this giant clap of thunder and rolling and it shakes the windows and my little dog gets all scared and jumpy  the scene is set  now i'm just waiting for the werewolf to howl and come disembowel me "
got my replacement ipod  now to spend the rest of my life putting it all back how i like it 
"my mother is the best mother in the entire world  she comes home and she says to me, \i got you a going away gift \"" and what does she give to me? only the most amazing movie in the entire world! i'm currently sitting in my room and enjoying my fair lady on my giant tv  love it!"""
"man, this feels so weird  all the talk about school starting and that day is here  bio has started there school year  i feel weird that i'm not there right now  i feel like i'm ditching, but i'm not     freaking me out "
watching blade <propfemale>  loving the <propfirst> reynolds-jessica biel-vampire hunting-wesley snipes badassery thing 
getting a headache  not cool  maybe i didn't drink enough water today  i tend to do that  oh well 
got some things to do around the house today  early morning school drama has me stressed out  hopefully something will cheer me up 
"i'm about to smack my sister so hard with a pillow, hopefully, it'll knock her out  lets watch and see how this goes "
"woo! officially all moved in and orientationed!  smile  got my webmail issues fixed and not wireless set up! for those of you wishing to contact me or send me goodies (please  smile  ) my hendrix e-mail is nichollsvr@hendrix edu and my post office box number is 3986  if you do plan on sending me goodies, and don't know how to adress it, let me know and i'll tell you "
"i think its funny how in the system at hendrix, my name is <propfemale> nicholls  not <propfemale> nicholls like all other places  its <propfemale> nicholls  so any nametags printed or lists or lookups that need to be done, they have <propfemale> on them  i like it "
leaving for memphis for the weekend on my orientation trip today at 2  i get to go to the zoo! i'm so excited!
just got back to my dorm from my memphis trip  was amazing  i love that zoo  pics from the zoo and the murder hotel room i stayed in will be up soon hopefully 
so first day of classes start tomorrow    i have the first meeting of my journeys class today    and the work study job fair today     and guess what? i'm horribly sick  awesome  lets hope i can make it through the day without falling asleep and vomiting  *crosses fingers*
"ugh  feeling worse than this morning even though i took a two hour nap  nurse is gone for the day  pretty sure i'm running a fever  probably going to have to miss the pep rally tonight, and now my future in shirttails is in jeopardy  seriously, body? you're doing this to me now?"
going to my short fiction class in a bit and then to the nurse at 2:45  hopefully i'm not dying  been a long morning 
"alright so i just got back from the nurse, and its worse than i thought  i have a fever of an hundred point something and that has to be down from yesterday cause i'm not radiating so much heat  the nurse gave me decorel forte plus for cough and congestion, and she gave me a prescription for amoxicillin  she told me i'm contagious and she gave me a nurse note for classes tomorrow if i do not feel any better "
"is cold, but is too tired and hurting to move to turn off the ac  bundling up in my comforter will have to do "
"guys, this is bad  i've used up an entire box of tissues that i bought yesterday  it hasn't even been 24 hours!"
omg my roommate is coughing!!! what if i got her sick?! no! i'm such a horrible person    why?
just put up pics of the memphis zoo  check them out  comment 
so last night theres a knock at my door  my roommate answers it since i'm half asleep and this girl asks her if ras have condoms  what? really?
"to all the staff and faculty at bioscience including <propfirst> <propmale> <propfemale> <propmale> popham <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> laffel <propmale> lafave <propmale> <propmale> i want to say thank you so much! you have helped me be ready for college  i know its the first week, but i know that cause i made it through your classes, i can make it through these  you all did a wonderful job and i wouldn't be where i am without you  thank you!"
off to dinner 
so just got out of my first intro to psychology class and i just have one question     can i just go ahead and delcare my <propmale> right now?
"if anyone needs me or wants to chill, i'm in the big room of raney so let me know "
 sad 
"lets go, raney  win that cup tonight! kick veasey's ass!"
"shirttails is so much better in person  vids don't do it justice  congrats to couch girls! raney, we'll get them next year  at least raney was better then veasey   laugh  and congrats to hardin boys!!! woooo!!!!!!"
"\michelangelo supports hardin! michelangelo supports hardin!\"" <----- best quote of the night """
"so, i just finished watching the best movie ever  aka, the lion <propmale>  and i did cry when simba was like \dad?! dad?!\"" don't judge me  its emotional  love it """
got my first package in college!!! thank you so much to <propfemale> <propfemale> for my lion <propmale> cd  i love it!!!!!
just found seasons of <propfirst> possible on youtube as well as the weekenders  i think you know what i'm going to be spending my free time doing 
work out time!
why does no one ever trust me?
watching imagine me & you with my favorite people!
"someone want to bring me food? perhaps, maybe? please?"
why didn't i think to type my psych notes before? its so much easier to organize and read then my crappy handwriting  note to self: computer is friend 
"psych exam tomorrow  i am afraid  i fear the exam  lets dance, exam  bring it "
just had a fire drill in raney  weird 
\when you love someone a lot," you are a    \"" \""whore!\""\"eecee7d9fb65bdaa7073071fae57fafa,journey's paper time!
"really wants to have a witty title for her paper about socrates, but is really depressed because she cannot seem to think of one    ideas?"
"i could've danced all night, i could've danced all night, and still have begged for more    "
going to be an exciting e playful lorations class    
"nighty night, interwebs "
"\    you're so mexican \"" - <propfemale> kerr when discussing how tortilla is pronounced   smile """
"\i never said i was a role model   \"""""
moving to couch room 313  fun stuff 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? leave me a comment    then copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say   "
"so pretty sure i got pink eye  freakin awesome  i just got these contacts, and now i have to throw away this pair  awesome  stupid eyes   "
"you know what i think is funny? in the upcoming treehouse of horrors, there will be a twilight-like vampire named <propmale> voiced by, guess who! <propfirst> radcliffe  anyone else find that funny?"
wishes there was more she could do for her family than just a phone call  all my love goes out to the nolasco family  i'm with you in spirit 
how are the a child's tantrums and a t-rex similar?
hah!!! yankees are out!!! i don't even care who wins the world series now 
thank you to the wonderful kaye'd diles for being awesome and fixing my computer!
inbox only: message me something that you have always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us! repost this as your status and see what you get!
happy birthday to the beautiful kaye'd diles 19! woot!
"so threw kaye'd in the fountain  took a 4:14 second video walking to the fountain, then just as we're about to throw her in, the video was stopped   sad  there may be a redo  wink "
its trick or treater time!!! they're so little     
"my friend <propfemale> kerr is dressed as an ipod for her costume, and all the little kids when they see her go ipod!!! and love it! she is the talk of the dorm!"
"so tried to give blood today  got through the whole process and my blood decides to take its sweet time coming out  so like 3 workers surround me, i get nervous, veins close, and blood stops flowing  awesome  they had to stop  but i got cookies and i get to find out what my blood type is  so i'm good "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ajdx3h_hvi8&feature=player_embedded
"its so beautiful outside!!! everyone is starting to say how cold its getting and i'm like are you kidding? this is amazing!!! shorts weather, even! i love it! can't wait for winter!"
best two months of my life   smile 
your skin is so     ethnic    
"\whos <propfemale>? my name is bubba elizabeth!\"" - <propfemale> kerr"""
"so you know why kaye'd diles is freaking awesome? cause i won a <propfemale> wars clone helmet, and was too excited and impatient to put it together, and she did it for me!!! omg she's so fantastic!!!"
anyone feel like being nice enough to give kaye'd diles and i a ride to wal mart sometime tonight? please?
"me: kaye'd, are you falling asleep?\her: no \me: you sure? that's your about to go to sleep e playful ression \her: i'm not \\2 minutes later she's snoring with her head on my lap "
ask me a question in my inbox and maybe i'll put the answer as a status 
"um  if you had to go to a party that all the mexicans at hendrix were forced to go to and that party was at the same time as the <propfemale> wars trivia and when you got back, your roommate told you all of the questions and you got all but one right and the person who ended up winning got more than one wrong how angry would you be?\\i would build a death <propfemale> to kill the party which i had to go to and the person who won "
everywhere 
at the wind ensemble concert  it's gonna be great! yay!  smile 
the first green lantern trailer is out!!! check it out! i love it  except for his suit  looks silly 
hendrix friends and family! is there anyone who could give me a ride to the little rock airport on the 15th of dec? my flight is at 1 so i need to get there by like 1130  a ride would be greatly appreciated! let me know if you can help me out! thank you!
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!! it's eatin time!!!
kaye'd diles is the best person in the world! she is super amazing and i bow to her amazingness! she is so much cooler than i could ever hope to be!
"so it has come to my attention that my birthday is in 8 days or so  i'd you are planning on getting me a gift, i have the perfect idea  bouncy balls  that's what i want for my bday  please? love you all!"
decorating the unity technology cluster with unity peoples  are you going to thunder <propfemale> tonight? no? you mean yes  okay  see you there  8 o clock  in worsham  <propfemale>  love ya!
what is going on outside?!? it's the mist! fog my butt  i don't like it  it's werewolf weather! they're coming to kill me    
"in honor of rivalry week: put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a uofa fan  being a wildcat fan is a real disorder & should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for uofad & sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of arizona state ? fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy & paste, as well as tie our shoes"
"has a new stumbleupon account  if you have a stumbleupon and want to send me things, my id is djrawr"
"4 days away from my 19th birthday  gonna be an interesting day, i suppose  kaye'd diles and <propfemale> nicholls have big plans apparently  excited? yes   smile "
"bioscience people! i am going to visiting the school on the 16th of december so if you care to see me, i'll be there then  i wish i could visit sooner but i get back to phoenix on the 15th in the evening  so yeah  hope to see you guys soon!"
"\i am a pretty good pimp \"" - <propfemale> kerr \",eecee7d9fb65bdaa7073071fae57fafa,"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \childhood  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on \facebook, only an invasion of memories  this is for violence against \children!"
3 days!
2 days!
college is fun      wink 
"so fire alarm went off in raney at 1:15 in the morning  some dickface came in our side door, pulled our fire extinguisher and ran back out  so we had to evacuate, go into the veasey lobby, then stand outside for 15 minutes while the firefighters gave us a lecture on pranks  then some more dickfaces threw a water balloon at the crowd and ran away  awesome "
"so its my birthday on december 6th, and it just became that day 7 minutes ago  7 minutes ago, kaye'd diles and <propfemale> kerr lobbed 3 giant bouncy balls at me, almost hitting me  as much as it was terrifying, it was awesome  thanks guys! i love you both very much!!"
hold on to your hula hoops!
"thank you to everyone who wished me happy birthday and participated in making today awesome! special thanks goes to kaye'd diles, <propfemale> kerr, and <propfemale> nicholls  you made this day so fantastic  i love you all very much  thank you so much!"
inbox me with a number between 1-500 and ill post something about you in my status with your number
"437: met you just recently, but we became fast friends  i miss you! we have got to <propfemale> out when you get home  maybe you can meet my new girlie if she comes and visits me   smile "
9: you are the bestest friend in the entire world!!! i'm glad we got to know each other last year  you are also good at giving me advice and helping me feel better   love  rawr!
"6: hey there  how you doin? *wink, wink* haha but seriously  you are amazing   smile  its a shame we didn't talk sooner  but we're great together now and its awesome "
"217: you are an awesome friend  we don't spend much time together, which is a shame  but you're always there for me when i need you  i want you to know that i'm here for you too   smile  rock on!"
"092: you are so awesome! we've lost touch when you left the school, which is really sad  but hopefully we get close again "
"14: you are one of the most amazing people i know! you are my best friend, my sister, my shoulder to <propfemale> on  i love you so much and i'm happy for you and i miss you so much "
"3 14159265: you are a good friend, to me and others   smile  thanks for being there  i actually like you "
289:  smile  i love you 
the entire freakin world 
waiting to take my first college final  intro to psych  wish me luck 
"54: we made many memories, and we were the best of friends  i'm glad we are both happy now and i'm glad you are where you want to be   smile  we had tons of ups and downs, but we surfaced  hopefully we can keep it that way "
[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do [like] this status if i'm a good friend [message] me if you ever wanted a relationship [comment] on this if we have any great memories copy this and post it as your status
i'd be surprisingly good for you 
crisis averted!
mohawk has been retired  simple buzz cut  gonna let the hair grow back to the beautiful mane i usually have   smile 
why?
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post"
<propfemale> peacock i'm sorry for your loss  pretty epic game   smile 
so i've given this a great deal of thought and i've decided  lupin's werewolf in <propmale> potter and the prisoner of azkaban is the scariest werewolf i've ever seen  going to haunt my dreams during thunderstorms   
