d52132d09b40ff0debdc426648776d23
is happy 
florida tomorrow  4am ahhh  smile  smile  smile 
in florida gonna get her tan on tommorrow at the beach smile  and loves her boyfriend who bought her the awesome ipod and camera for my trip 
and <propfemale> just stole coconuts from some mexi's yard ahhahahah!
loves whenever she has a piece of crap car and 16 year olds get nice cars to be wrecked  so lame 
hates people 
wonders   why?
can't believe i start <propfirst> <propfirst> next month  time flies 
thankful for an awesome family who surprised me with a 2004 turbo jetta  smile  smile  smile  smile 
starts school tomorrow-yay <propfirst> <propfirst>!!! and i start work tomorrow -yay scape smile  smile  stl here i come! smile 
exhausted after a long long day  <propfirst> <propfirst> is the best school ever!!!
extremely pissed 
"school work,school work, day off! smile "
<propfirst> <propfirst>
school 9-5  work 5-10  whoo 
school smile 
day off 
exhausted 
angry 
"exhausted,miserable, sick, worst morning everrrr "
poop 
wants to be in schooooooooool      and misses her pm friendies 
needs a vacation 
bed 
big test today  school 9-5  work 5-11 
wooooooork
lots to do 
sold 35 bags and gets to go to vegas in feb!!! only 20 more bags to go!
is exhausted 
day off!! smile 
sick
is pooped after a long day of work 
happy new yearrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!! love  love  love 
at the apartment    best ny everrr listening to bobbys drunk voicemails haaaaaaa
great night last night!!!!!
made the best brownies
its still new years!!! smile )) enjoying it to the fullest!
"can't wait for next friday!!! one of my greatest friends, <propfirst>, birthday!! priceless love "
confused   dont want to even think right now sad 
sitting at home thinking of things to do!!!
getting xrays on my foot tomorrow   booo annoyed 
broken foot  stuck at home 
getting my cast at 9 
babies are amazing 
"just wants everything to get better   foot, car, money  everything "
superbowl @ devons tonight 
"with <propfirst> crump,faith <propfemale> <propfirst>, and <propfemale> miller  going to vegas tomorrow!!!! yay caesars palace!!!"
has to go back to the hospital at 3    ahhhhhhh 
going back to school tommorrow 
school then work!!! had a great client yesterday lets hope for another!
home after a looooong day 
longest day ever    just happy its over sad 
going to see <propfemale> in wonderland 3d w  devvie
at <propfemale> <propfemale>ss!!!!!!!
who wants to go shopping w  me today??? shopping for my sister for our fashion show!
excited about the fashion show next saturday!!! soooo much to do 
need to know who is doing the hair and makeup for the musical with me?? i know i asked a few of you   if any of you want to do it let me know!!
birthday in 2 weeks whaaaat!
making hamburgers!!
just made dinner  now what 
<propfemale> tuesdays   tonight   so ready for it 
out to dinner with the grandparents tonight smile 
<propfemale> tuesdays parmesan shrimp pasta never gets old 
just got done with her client smile  took from 10-3 but return clients are great smile 
my birthday is one week away from today smile 
<propfemale>'s birthday is tommmmm smile  smile  smile  and <propfemale> is coming to get her hair and makeup done at the school  happy day 
at school having an awesome day!! waiting for heidster to get here smile 
is sad that her client is moving   not cool <propmale>  haha  smile 
has been out all night and didn't get home until 6 this morning  most fun i've had ever 
off day tommorrow smile 
loves songs by <propmale> white goodness 
"do you believe in love at first sight, i think you do! smile "
tired and can't sleep    sad 
pissed 
clients keep getting better and better smile 
wants to go out 
i'll show you  yes i will  and maybe then you'll see that you dont mess with a girl like me  smile 
baby theres something about you that i can hold on to i'm gonna hold on to that it's been a long time coming 
ridin solo by <propfirst> derulo is totally my song smile 
can't wait for this weekend with my girls smile  smile  smile   going to be soooo much fun!!!
sad that my car is broken and now my laptop sad  mothaaaaa 
wants to watch gridiron gang    so bad 
i have the greatest friends i could ever ask for  when things get rough they all pull in  not just one  all   i love all of you and through my <propfemale> rampages  i realize how truly blessed i am  i love you!!!
had the greatest weekend with the best people  smile  now if only i could get the rest of my pictures to work  annoyed 
its the hardest thing in the world to lose your best friend but as one door closes another opens and the new has got me happier than ever  it's extremely shocking how something so simple can make you forget the world and be the best person you can be  life amazes me 
so happy smile 
wants tommorrow to be here 
everyone send me their numbers   bcuz this phone obviously doesn't have anyones sad 
had a great night last night!!! smile 
going swimming at <propfemale> schway schways!!!!!
has had the best week  breakfast with <propfirst>   painting   return client today   smile  smile  smile 
 smile 
 love 
had a great weekend smile  loving my life more and more everyday 
 smile  can't wait to see my boyyyy on his bdayyy!! happy 22 tyty!
ready for tommorrow for sure 
who's up for saturday night???
i swear it feels like the last few nights we've been everywhere and back but i just can't remember it all  what am i doin? what am i doin? oh yeah thats right i'm doin me i'm doing me i'm livin life right now man and this what imma do til its over and its far from over 
it's a sad day when you realize your car is this messed up and it never stops   life just doesn't stop does it? i need to be a big girl and go for a new one  sad 
tonight better be good 
just want to cut some hair   right now 
gettin cute n goin to see my man in bellevegas  much needed 
this week sucked annoyed    bring on the next one 
having a cold during the summer is the worst!!! i want chicken noodle soup sad 
waitin on my baby to get fixed up at the shop!!
wtfffffffffff 
lost my phone charger annoyed 
eye of the tiger haha   dummm dumm dum dummm  dum dumm dumm    dum dum duhhhhhhh 
bike ride?
feels great to realize life 
great day great foil work smile 
saturday is going to be mmmazing after work!!!
going out tonight!! smile 
it was great to see old friends last night!!  smile 
out with the chickies at my boys house tonight  gonna be a good night 
longest day ever sad 
i'd love to have days like this more often smile 
i would love to get rid of this shitty feeling and lose control  
bring on the week  for sure 
 love  eminem  brings the heat 
i can't tell you what it really is i can only tell you what it feels like and right now theres a steel knife in my windpipe i can't breathe but i still fight while i can fight as long as the wrong feels right it's like i'm in flight 
awesome week so far smile  going to be an awesome night as well  text me if you wanna tear up stl smile 
i just want to cry and i miss my friends 
work at 6   come out to work 
now you get to watch her leave out the window guess thats why they call it windowpane 
swimmingtime smile  which also means   whitey gets some sun!!
3 months i'm throwin deuces out and on my way smile 
"\so let me thank you for your time and try not to waste any more of mine and get out of here fast  i hate to break it to you babe but i'm not drowning and theres no one to save  who cares if you disagree you are not me   who made you <propmale> of anything so you dare tell me who to be? who died and made you <propmale> of anything\""- smile """
feelin like i got hit  by a truck   feels great to know i worked my ass off this weeek 
my body is still in so much pain and i just can't take this pressure    so frustrated 
looking at hotels for chicagoooooooo 
baby tell me whats your story i'm not shy dont you worry
i want to go deep sea fishing  even tho i'd probably fall off the boat smile 
15 pounds gone  boom 
 love  can't buy me love  great movie 
"yours is the first face that i saw, i think i was blind before i met you  i dont know where i am don't know where i've been but i know where i want to go "
who knows where the <propfirst> <propfirst> six figures show is in chitown so i can find a hotel??
 sad  i just want to feel better  
i thought i told ya i'm a <propfemale> 
hair   nails  show  smile 
great job shayde  you guys were awesome tnt!!!
cannot wait to babysit my baby girl <propfemale> <propfirst> tommorrow smile  smile  smile  love her to death 
had the best day ever yesterday and night with my boyfriend  another great day and night to add to it  with my lover <propfemale> <propfirst> going to a <propfirst> <propfirst> dinner party  <propfirst> <propfirst> sorority love 
grrrrrr annoyed 
don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head
where are you best friend? i need you  
fuck guys for real 
cause i'll be there in the back of your mind from the day we met to you making me cry and its just too bad you already had the best days of your life 
omg made my effing day   hide yo kids hide yo wife they rapin errrbody!
wiffff my best friend of 9 years jareddddd!
 annoyed  yet again lost and confused  didn't deserve to be embarrassed  and feel like a retard 
dear <propfemale> and <propfemale>- i'm so proud of you girls   i love you so very much and wish we could've had more great times and not within the last few months  the past year with you has been a blast and i know you'll do great 
 sad  suck 
sooo tired 
hopefully tonight goes well!  smile 
graduating in 2 1 2 months countdown  smile  livin it up!
"scenario: eating at bww's eating chicken wraps and wings last night w  my bf \me: \do you like chicken??\""(and i was dead serious)\",d52132d09b40ff0debdc426648776d23,"\you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition  what you'll discover will be wonderful what you'll discover is yourself\"""""
i put too much in what i dont get back  paranoia 
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you "
<propfemale> feels skinny smile  hahahahaha
"you know you can't give me what i need and even though you mean so much to me i can't wait through everything, is this really happening  i swear i'll never be happy again and dont you dare say we can just be friends i'm not some boy that you can sweat we knew it'd happen eventually, la la la la la now everybodys singin "
baby bein part of this life i feel like imma bound to end up w  somebody thats been w  everybody  i need you to rescue me from my <propfemale>  i'm tryin to live right and give you whatevers lft of me cause you know life is what we make it and a <propmale> is like a picture it'd be nice if you just take it or let me take it for ya
can i move now?
ohhh i love you sooooo 
ahhhhh: smile  smile (
fuck you 
so effing stressed    want to break down  want to freak  ahhh  worst headache ever 
super tired 
why do people get pleasure out of making others hurt? its not okay 
bitch you get no love 
now taking hot boyfriend applications smile  lol 
last night was probably the best night i've had in a long time   i read a book and went to sleep lol   smile  peace 
making dinner w  <propfemale>  bacon tomato and potatoes smile  smile  smile  yummy 
thinking i got over my sickness  lets hope 
been eatin healthy and i'm feelin great 
so upset   i borrowed a <propmale> from someone and a person took it   : smile ( ugh 
if anyone wants a haircut color   you are going to have to come to stl to my school  i do not want to work after a whole day of work  i know its far but im sorry 
"<propfemale> says    waiting for this b i t c h bitch to call me back   i love it,"
absolutely cannot wait for the halloween party on the 16th and our pumpkin carving on the 23rd   yay wink 
baby brothers coming in tomorrow for a haircut smile  smile  then a full foil   all requests smile  so happy 
completely booked out tomorrow by request  booked all day  super excited  go me smile 
just did an amazing mohawk on my brother   and i'm so proud  but shaking lol  ahhh 
"take what you want from me, it means nothing now, take everything from me, it means nothing now, not so easy to forgive, harder to forget, take what you want"
 sad  poop 
"bottoms up bottoms up, pocket full of green, u know i love the way you shake it in them jeans"
hope everyone at homecoming loves my bro's new hairdo i gave him  he's rockin a mohawk!
going over to schways to make me feel better sad  5 months of wasting my time  sad  fuckin try so hard and i get nothing 
at <propmale> and gilbo's apt    they make me feel betters smile 
want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world love 
"why do we say that until we get that person that we thinks gonna be that one, then once we get em its never the same u want em when they dont want u soon as they do feelin's change its not a contest"
seems as though <propfirst> renner is a cheater   glad i found out from someone else 
efffff this day 
horrible headache    so upset and just want to go home    girls night tonight for sure 
going to have an amazing time w  my girls tonight 
pancake breakfast and city museum was awesome today smile 
<propfemale> koesterer- me and <propmale> r so freakin proud of you    i can't believe one of our musketeers is leaving sad  girl   i'm so happy for you and i know you'll do great and i couldn't ask for a better friend   you guys have been through the worst and best times and i know our bond wont break  i love you girl congrats 
babysitting my girls  next monday smile  smile  smile 
doing an awesome full foil   then katies graduation: smile  smile (
i graduate november 24th!!!!!!!!!!!
so very upset  i'm at work in stl and i live in il and i left my car keys at the school wehre they're all locked up crying  so i''ll be staying in downtown tnt 
"<propfemale> <propfirst> andr <propfemale> boaz- my baby girls  it feels like we just got here and i can't believe you're graduating today  thanks for the smiles,laughs,hugs,love,and memories  it's been amazing having you in my life  core21 is only 7 of us now  sad "
i want to erase all the memories   every single one  maybe then i'd be happy 
"its a bad night to be alone but thats the way it goes and i think of you whenever life gets me down  i think of you whenever you're not around  and you rest your bones, somewhere far from my home   yeahh but you pull me home "
going to <propmale> schway kilthau s to <propfemale> outtttt!!!
vonny vonny vonny   dont be insecure girl    own that ponytail   work that updo!
going grocery shopping w  <propmale> schway kilthau hahahaha we're lika married couple  he's so lame 
had an awesome time last night  unfortunately a horrible morning  
hahaha i'm going to be a <propmale> potter hottie for halloween    yes smile  hahaha 
gets to ride to school with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  baby kale comes in 4 months!!!! woot woot!!
had a great day with my friends  i'm pretty much living my life the way i want and enjoying it to the fulles    5 1 2 weeks til graduation!!!!
make my day better 
work then <propfemale> wathan s housie smile 
having an amazing day!!! only to be followed by an amazing night!!! love   smile 
i just want to have fun  i dont think its really that big of a deal? after what the last guy did to me adn whats been going on in my life right now that a lot of ppl dont know about  i've been concentrating on school and work  and i'm happy  sooo happy  if you want to talk to me   just chill   stop nagging me because u dont even know me 
going to cook an amazing dinner with mr  <propmale> schway kilthau !!!!
apparently my dinner was a hit  joshy loves it 
"i open my mouth and shit i got millions  i'm the middle kid, the riddle kid, i'll make you giggle til you're sick cause my nose jiggles when i spit  yeah i do have some stories and its true i want all the <propfemale>  go on then come on support me"
going to be a great day!!
going to make a stroganoff dinner with my roomie <propfemale> wathan tonight!!!!! yummmyyyy
who's ready for halloween? meee wink 
ready for saturday 
"just away from the lies, back to yesterday, safe tonight  i feel the sun creepin up like tik tok, i'm tryin to keep you in my head but if not, we'll just keep running from tomorrow with our lips locked  yeah you got me begging baby please dont go  love "
i'm the numba 1 stunna wh wha what? the numba 1 stunna what what what?
just want to cry and throw up at the same time lol  awwwful dayyy 
"city museum with april,kris, and <propfirst> tommorrow night wink  so excited!!!"
can't wait for city  museum smile  smile 
best day so far in the past year  made 2 people extremely happy with their new looks smile 
"carving pumpkins today with <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> shafer, and   smile "
blahhhhhhh 
planning my florida trip for 2 wks after i graduate smile  smile 
 love 
met the most wonderful boy  smile 
already to a bad start to a day   sad 
"baby please don't go if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here, i don't know if you feel the way i do, if you leave i'm gonna find you love "
i've been waiting on my life and now i found you i dont know what to do i think i'm fallin for you 
things seem to be going great smile 
school then work then @<propfirst> baker  smile 
awful start to oz weekend  lets hope this gets better  can't wait til my boy gets home 
"done hanging out with my favorite boy <propfirst> baker , now with my favorite girl <propfemale> wathan  smile  they make me so happy!"
"seems as though when you want someone great to come into your life, they mysteriously do  what a crazy feeling!"
dear everyone: text me your numberssss i have that new phone smile  smile 
want to cry all night 
mock state boards today  pray for me to pass  if i dont i think ill die 
scared want to throw up  studying like crazy 
passed mock
i love you! smile 
if you see me out on the town and it looks like i'm burnin it down you wont ask and i wont say but in my heart i'm always somewhere with you love 
long night!
no work saturday! lets go out ladies!
wish these stupid hos stayed off my boyfriend
"dear world, i am in love with you and everything i am and have love "
according to <propmale>  the cop was drinking gatorade so he is fully hydraued and i am cooking eggs
come to st  <propfirst> and get your hair done by me half off your service!!! smile 
<propfemale> is playing depressing breakup songs  oh well   smile  smile  smile 
someone make me feel better
with the help of some great friends im feelin better than ever  love you smile 
its going to be a great day! going to make someone beautiful!
i can't get it back but i don't want it back try to settle down but thats what i get  the mistake i made is clear we never should've been together baby i'm feelin no stress i'm too fly to be depressed
someone buy me chocolate   smile 
had an amazing day! now to go home and relax with myself and movies smile  haha
well    so far its not looking like a good day  sad 
thanksgiving dinner tonight in belleville with tons of sweet people smile 
hangin w all my buddies and <propfirst> tonight! yay!
how about dumb hos stop being retarded and nosy
awesome thanksgiving w the bellevegas fam! love 
id say im pretty lucky
slept from seven to midnight lets hope i can getm some rest and tommorrow goes better than today 
making amazing greenbean casserole with <propfirst> and we both agree its really hard not to eat it and save it for tomorrow 
1500 <propfirst> <propfirst> hours are up next thursday  wanting to plan a grad party smile  smile  smile  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone  so happy to finally get to spend it with my family  so happy smile 
how about a little school of rock to go along with my reeses puffs on this thanksgiving morning smile 
apparently im retarded 
 sad 
just walked out to my car from work to find beautiful roses on the windshield smile  you are so sweet <propfirst>!
getting my hair done smile  my hair says thanks!!! smile  i can be pretty again 
"maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed so you could open one that leads you to the perfect road like a lightning bolt, your heart will blow and when it's time, you'll know "
im so lucky to have such a sweet man in my life 
been very sick  <propfirst> is takn care of me smile 
jordans taking me to jellystone to do the drive thru xmas lights smile 
i have the best bf ever 
taking <propfirst> and <propfemale> to breakfast smile 
picking up my little cupcake from school to watch tonight  shes too cute
my hours r up in two days  celebrating on saturday  everyone come out and see me!
i have met the best people over the past year  friendships that will last forever  i couldn't ask for a better life 
can't wait to see <propfirst> tonight after work smile 
can't believe i'm almost out    a year and a half of support i needed and i'm leaving  i couldn't have gotten through the past year and a half without my teachers and friends    its been the best  i feel like i'm leaving my family  this is breaking me down to tears  so much stress 
not so sure i can make it through the day
ready to forget about today and get to tomorrow when ill feel better about everything in my life  wanting everything to work 
all eyes on me when i walk in no question that this girls a ten  don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful 
1500 hours are done! smile  thought i'd die before i graduated 
a text from an old best friend can be the greatest thing in the world 
car problems     no bueno sad 
getting ready to do some wedding hair  wish my man was here to help me 
played with hair today  time for a nap 
christmas lights in <propmale> with <propfemale> then the boyfriend is picking me up smile 
great night last night with friends and a great morning day today  smile  sooo happy 
making my last <propfirst> <propfirst> faces sad 
gossip girl! im in love  cant believe i almost missed it again love 
well eff
worst possible mood ever
going to cry myself to sleep smile  thanks world!
my chest hurts soooo bad  
at amandas apartment alone   car is broken   school is getting wild  losing people i care about    thank god i've got amazing friends  i love you guys 
<propfemale> is back to make me feel better!
cant sleep  dont want to go back now 
almost there! cant wait fnr nxt saturday!
is anyone doing the photoshoot this sunday?
 annoyed  my day could get much better!!
32: we've been through the world and back  i spent my whole summer with you  gave up a lot for you  my birthday was the shit because of you  you helped me grow up a bit  wish things didn't have to end the way they did i'll always love you like a brother  but you need to grow too either way you may not have treated me right for the longest time but you've become a good friend  and i miss your mom
48: girl    i remember in grade school when we started at the same time  4th grade   we fought over the same boys  one of them is still one of my closest friends  i wil never forget going to south <propfemale> for your grandparents house    they were so sweet and so are you  i wish we made more memories  unfortunately it took me so long to grow up  you're drop dead gorgeous 
just got the biggest motivation toget the fuck out of my school  puttin up a brick wall now 
882: girl we have some great memories  unfortunately life has separated our paths  i seriously wish we could make some new times smile 
the next person that promises to be something different    i might just drop a finger  how is it hat i let things slide but when it comes to me i dont get that 
618: although weve had some issues i still think great of u  i miss your jokes and i miss our talks  you always brighten my day
good girls finish last smile 
going to work    then spending all night doing diagrams
next week is going to be one of the best weeks of my entire life  i work tuesday through thursday  friday girls night with <propfemale>  saturday graduate smile  then club with all my friends  then sunday wake up with nothing to do smile 
make my night better! pweeeaase
"just did work, son!"
 love  one week from today 
just cried my eyes out  congratulations core 21  i am so very proud  i wouldn't be me without you  one more week and ill be where you are smile 
when i go down i go down hard and i take everything i've learned and teach myself some disregard  when i go down it hurts to hit the bottom and all the things that got me there i think if only i had fought them
im going to cry all night i think
waiting for the end by linkin park is quite possibly my favorite song  gets me thru
hangin w my two good friends since i was little <propmale> and <propfirst>
photoshoot in the morning    hopefully it slows down w the snow so i dont die haha
i'm glad that you treated me bad and realized that you needed to change and now are treating a girl right smile  yay  that brought me joy
photoshoot!
i always have to give up what i love  this shoot was so important to me    the only place i want to be right now is at school   sad 
six days baby    i cant sleep im so ready!
who wants to go to the gym in this dreadful weather?  this girl!
5 days!
cleaning then playing call of duty
anyone planning on going saturday text me  going to dinner that night and need to know how many to reserve at scape   then going out  text me love 
if you see me out on the town and it looks like i'm burnin it down you wont ask and i wont say but in my heart i'm always somewhere with you
four days love 
"i don't deserve things to hurt me at this point in my life  i'm faithful and don't go after someone if i'm still into some\one else  i work hard and one day i'm going to be successful  already i am because i am the best i can be at this point in my life  there are plenty of ppl that are willing to treat me right love "
my phone is retarded  facebook me inkstead
i have the best friends in the world  no doubt about it 
two more days of this stress  got the cutest outfit for saturday smile 
"first,dnt try tlking to me at school if u are going to tlk bad bout me behind my back  i'm a nice person and just because i invite a guy to come <propfemale> for grad along wit other grls and guys doesnt mean i like him smile  i'm happy beinalone n dnt try to get my bst frnds to go against me bcuz they love me i do not like people that lead others on it happens way to much to me and i dnt likeit happen to others  so stop thx  love "
i'm thinking maybe i can't have relationships cuz lately they're not makin any sense and baby ur the one thing on my mind but that can change any time
i want saturday here so bad 
"dear <propfemale> miller , march 21st u owe me fine dining  i promise no bf'\s for 3 lovely whole months smile  smile "
going to amends  tomorrow is my last full day of school smile 
last full school day today!!! ommmmgshhhh!  smile 
i have the best friends throwing me a graduation party    going to be bombbbb   staying downtown allll nighhhtt! wink 
this day is going perfect  about to getmyhair done for graduation  yay 4 rr with 1b peek a boos smile  smile  smile 
"i am graduating at 3pm!!!! come watch me shine!!! 30 <propfemale> plaza stl, mo 63108"
"my graduation and the after celebration was absolutely awesome  thanks to the friends who ditched me   me gage and <propmale> were the hottest ones at the club smile  thanks guys i had a blast!!! i'm gonna miss you <propfirst> <propfirst>   thanks for the laughs, tears, hugs, kisses, and the lovely memories"
how about a little bit of <propfemale> bucks? any one want to join? come to edwardsville smile 
spending another day with <propfemale> and <propmale> steinmann and my little sugarplum e lly the sweetest baby everrr
u can only have faith in yourself it seems   people will act like you are in their best interest then all of a sudden it was all a lie  and then you figure all the bs out  thanks 
"i can go out every night of the week, and go home with anybody i meet  but it's just a temporary high because when i close my eyes i'm somewhere with you"
anyone want to do anything tnt? i really rally need to get my mind off some bs
with the lovely <propfemale>  chillingg 
who knew that when i stopped looking i'd feel much better 
<propfemale> xmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone smile  it's been a great end to the year   so happy i've gotten to see the ppl i have the most past with this week  wish it didn't end  come visit me at my work tnt scape in stl and get some good foodskii smile  smile  smile 
drive safe everyone i just drove to stl for work almost got ran over by  a truck and almost got hit by a car head on    craaaazy!! the city is beautiful right now 
i am soooo happy smile  smile  smile  smile 
couples at xmas time make me happy smile  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! this year has been a blessing  thanks everyone for being there for me throughout my times  love you a llllllll  smile  smile 
<propfemale> christmas  super happy i'm getting to see my familia <propfemale> and jimmy smile   love 
with amandaaaa my girlyyyy 
"dear <propfirst> <propfirst>, i will be visiting this week to pick up my kit smile  miss youuu "
"dear <propmale> tapley, quit hitting on me all the time and trying to get my best friend out of the picture   for one i can rarely <propfemale> out with him anymore because of the bs you told his gf  you are a coward and a liar  way to make a mess  i never liked you like that in the first place "
realize who your friends are   if they're not willing to stand up for you they were never your friends 
up at the apartment waitin on <propfemale> to come homeee smile 
my outfit for new years is sooo hottttttt smile 
i just gotta let go
just made the apartment beautiful   just waiting on <propfemale> to get heree smile 
"dont feel outta place, cuz i, im in love with this feelin now and i, i hope that this will last a while, we should make it last a while  love "
work at 4 smile 0 then who knows!! smile 
"you say hello, inside im screamin i love you  you say goodnight, in my mind im sleepin next to you  you drive away from my car crash of a heart and i dont know but you gave me the best mixtape i have love "
my life is getting better and better  love 
watching jumper w  <propfemale> 
"i'm in the corner, watchin you kiiss her, i'm right over here why can't you see me, i'm givin it my all but im not the girl youre takin home ohhh "
i want to do hair right now 
my messages on fb aren't working    just im me ppl
"you have a way of coming easily to me, and when you take you take the very best of me, so i start a fight cuz i need to feel somethin and you do what you want cuz im not what you wanted love "
bank--> mall--> amandas hurr--> <propmale> with <propmale> voellinger !!!
"all eyes on me when i walk in, no question that this girls a 10, dont hate me cuz im beautiful my walk my talk the way i dress its not my fault so please dont trip"
the only problem is you was using me in a different way that i was usin you
"omfg    <propfirst> willig just sent me a message saying he'll buy my \thong panties\"" for $50 a pair      i thought this shit was over? creeeeeepy"""
hope everyone gets great new years kisses smile 
i glued in amandas extensions today    i'm so proud smile  smile 
this is pauly d--- beinga  guido is a way of life- <propfemale> d  hahahahaha
lookin fly in my rockstar boots got my rockstar outfit on n just got my hair cut into an asymetrical  whaaaat! smile   love  love  love 
"the words you say to me are unlike anything thats ever been said, oh what you do to me is unlike anything thats ever been  am i too obvious to preach it youre so hypnotic on my  love "
my hair looks amazing thanks <propfemale> shafer
i love mean people smile  go ahead it just feeds my fire 
you make me sick  i'm glad i know the real you  i'm glad i wasted my time and you always told me i was an awful person when lookie there you were the bad one  mkes me sick to my stomach  no wonder my trust has been pushed so far 
i could use a verrry large hug  
reeeeeallly want to go out 
"you never heard me break your heart you didn't wake up when we died, since i was lonely from the start i think the end is mine to write  you'll never see me again so now who's gonna cry for you you'll never see me again no matter what you do love "
"so what if it hurts me so what if i break down, so what if this world just throws me off the edge my feet run outta ground, i gotta find my place i wanna hear my sound, dont care about all the pain in front of me cuz im just tryin to be happy"
determined to lose this chubbyness i've gained 
just did ab ripper p90     myyy goodness  my body says thank you already  hanging with some of thebest ppl everrr smile 
maybe i just need to get over myself  
just made a delicious fruit pizza     i am sooo proud! smile  my 3 buddies say yum love 
this night is priceless love  i looove my buddies smile  smile  smile 
sams birthday party tomorrow!!! ahhhhhhh!!! smile  smile  smile 
it's 1am and i cannoooot sleep sad  <propfemale> much on the mind 
"i just wanna have a good time and keep you off my mind find a lil shorty i like,girl when im up in the club, really turned up, i aint gonna think about you love "
can't wait for tonight smile 
omg   best night everrrrr!!!! why did it have to eeeeend???
ugh can i just stooop missing you?? ever?  love 
congratulations <propfemale> shafer  i am sooo proud of you!!!i was sooo happy to watch you walk that red carpet lookin like a rockstar  core 21 is all out smile  smile  peaaaceeee!!
blehhhh
were made out of blood and rust lookin for someone to trust without a fight  i think that you came too soon you're the <propfemale> and the <propfemale> that lights up my night but right now everything you want is wrong and right now all your dreams are waking up
my saturday night could've been a looot bettter
i give up smile  smile 
blehhhh annoyed 
"and im not gonna be that girl anymore, reality is getting tougher everyday, i just need to be stronger  when something is easy its also easy to not appreciate it  thinking im gonna have something if i keep putting effort into it normally means its not gonna happen "
good morning love 
wow just found some amazing old pictures!
"it turns our freedom aint nothin but missin you, wishin i'd realized what i had when u were mine, and i'd go back to december tand make it alright, and i go back to december all the time"
snowing in the city!!! love  love  love  love 
i'd love to be able to sleeep    mind stop ramblingggg
me and <propfemale> shafer  hitting up <propfirst> <propfirst> the school st  <propfirst>
eff you smile  smile 
"you're like an indian summer in the middle of winter, like a hard <propfemale> with a surprise center, how do i get better once i've had the best? you said there's tons of fish in the water, so the water i will test"
so glad that i have <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> to talk to about thingss   she makes it all better!!! smile 
dinner with the family tonight then to see my bff since 5th grade <propmale> hatton    getting outta this city for a bit!! i need it 
going to il-side  smile  hardcore workout with <propfemale> shafer at the gym   lasagna with my family then time with my long lost bff <propmale> hatton comin overrrr for movie time! love  love  love  gooodd dayyy ahead of meeee!!
awesome worrkout with jess smile  smile 
ibu pm got me sooo drowsy and now i feel like crap     who wants to cuddle!!! i doooooo 
he's just not that into you is my favoooorite movie of alll timeeeeee 
preparing <propfemale> shafer for the tme of her lifeee love  hahah
blahhhhh
50 first dates love  love 
dont cheat on me and then try to come back and try and make me feel like its my fault   love  you  thanks for making my day and giving me a laugh!! smile 
hanging with mandaaa love  then going to cook a delicious chicken dinner for my bff joshy k and <propfemale> with our buds <propfirst> and gilbo love 
ahhh watching the most graphic doctor show ever (throwup) hahhh
i  love  my friendsssss smile 
hahahaha just saw my bff <propmale> in a bills snuggie ahhhhhhh smile  smile 
lol so the zodiac signs changed    but what about the ppl that got their previous ones tatood on them? gues ur shit outta luck hahaaaaaaaaa!! smile 
"sometimes you just have to let go of the past no matter how much it sucks  gotta stop talkin to them, seein them, whatever it all works out smile "
going to west county with <propfemale> shafer  my girlfriend!! hahahaa love 
who's doing anything tonigggght??
movies at the <propmale> with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>  love  best friend night
black swan=freaking craaazy!!! <propfemale> @ the movies= blackest white person i know hahahahaha 
startin this week this 121 ibs girls gonna start workin back towards my 105 smile 
"cause my flavors so sweet you'll be zoom zoom zoom, dont even get me started on my bada boom boom, one left one right thats how i organize em u kno i fill my cups no need to supersize em, right now you prob thinkin how she get in them jeans, well im gifted all natural and burstin the seams konichiwa bitches"
movieee night with <propfirst> <propfirst> tonight! smile 
it's sunday smile  i'd love to get some sweats on and cuddle!!
"i'd love a starbucks chai tea latte + soy milk, k? thanks! smile "
no strings attached movie this weeek with <propmale> shafer  who's down
"just dont fall wrecklessly, headlessly in love with me, cause its gonna be all heartbreak blissfully panful and insanity, if we agree you can <propfemale> with me"
"u wanna rumble in mah jungle ill take ya on, stampede yo rumpa and send u home, u wanna rumble in space i put my laser on stun and on the north pole, ill ice you, son "
waiting for <propfemale> shafer to get back to her house   we're pullin an all nighter sexy girl-a-thon!!! haaaaa
"making pancakes, bacon, and onion potatoes for breakfast yuumm"
can't wait to give my best friend <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> the best and craziest birthday everr
"and you play it <propmale>, but its kinda cute, and when u smile at me you know exactly what u do, baby dont pretend that you dont know its true cause you can see it when i look at you"
babysitting tonight  whoooo smile 
she's outta my league love 
i love my best friend ever @<propfemale> <propfemale> dennis! love 
i love my best friend ever <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>  love   love   love 
"so if you wanna be with me, you'll have to follow through with every word you say cuz i all i really want is you, you to stick around, ill see you everyday, but you have to follow throughh"
dont ever go in a pool with <propmale>  she's a pool pee'er   smile  hahaha  the things we say to make little kids laugh
"you make me so hot you make me wanna drop, you're so ridiculous, i can barely stop, i can hardly breathe u make me wanna scream, ur so fabulous, you're so good to me love "
wanting to go see a movie after work tnt  message me if u wanna gooo smile 
just saw amandas birthday dress   we're gonna loook suuuper hooott next weekend smile  best friend roomie's birthdayyyy
lol whats the point of dating when everyone is so fucked up? lol there is none 
ew ew ew ew nighttime cold and flu medi
"she's as pretty as a picture, every bit as funny as she is smart, got a smile that'll hold you together,and a touch that'll tear you apart,when she's yours she brings the sunshine,when she's gone the world goes dark, yeah she's heaven on the eyes\but boy she's hell on the heart"
if anyone needs their hair done lemme knowwww wink 
may 8th of 2011 weekend is going to be the craziest of my life   celebratin my 20th n joshie ks 26th birthday has begun to be planned 
"can't say im  not happy for him because i am  we all make mistakes, unfortunately sometimes you realize it a little too late  but i'm happy it happened because i learned my lesson well and that <propfemale> will never come back  hold on to the good things cuz when they're gone sometimes they're gone forever "
"cleaning this apartment, excersizing, bank, then work annoyed  looong day "
diet starts today smile 
"been there done that, messed around, im having fun dont put me down, ill never let you sweep me off my feet, i wont let you in again, the messages i've tried to send, my informations just not goin in"
phone is working    everyone text me your numberss 618-520-7612
 love 
who's doing anything tonight???
hahaha lady that fell in the fountain while texting- you arre retarded!! try to <propfemale> the mall? hahahaha
oh baby if i was your lady i would make you happy  i'm never gonna leave never gonna leave oh baby i will be your lady i am going crazy for you
oh goodness gracious sad  where do i go from here?
fucking perfect i love myself!  
"you have a way of coming easily to me and when you take you take the very best of me, so i start a fight cause i need to feel something and you do what you want cause im not what you wanted"
"i have the best friends ever <propmale> kilthau, <propmale> hatton, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> always makin sure i know im loved and am happy  i woke up happy because of you  amazing"
next saturday could not come any fasterrrr   love  way too excited 
who's going to the club tonight???
will be in highland tommorrow
love busy nights like these! full week of work next week yay
going back to ol' highland tomorrow after work!! gonna see my oldest and bestest friend <propmale> hatton love  love love love him
preppin my extensions love  smile 
just fixed the kitchen light in the apartment smile  cleaning and listening to country music  i'm loving it! wish i had a movie
work  smile  wish this snow would go away so i can drive home safely today
i love you <propmale> kilthau! bfffs
dear sun dont come up tommorrow  because i give up
biggest smile on my face 
cannot wait for this saturday  roomies birthday  gonna be firee
 smile  cant wait to see my bdudies <propmale> and <propmale>
 love  i love my friendssssss!!!!!!!!!! the besst love 
about to do some hair!! yeah!!! love ing it!
haircut successful  family dinner tonight w my bellvegas boys
"love hurts whether it's right or wrong i can't stop 'cause i'm having too much fun you're on your knees beggin please stay with me but honestly i just need to be a little crazy all my life i've been good but now, i'm thinking what the hell"
i'm cooking a good dinner in o'fallon tonight anyone wantin to come let me knoww
chicken marinara  cheesy broccoli pasta  mashed potatoes  i love to cook
i love <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>!!!    dinner was a success smile  lovinit  smile 
 love  my buddies so much  dinner=awesomeeee
back to st louis it issss
dexters laboratory  yesss
lol at walmart in the valentines day section  hahahaha
making pancakes and bacon
already a good start to the day 
this friday and saturday is going to be so much fun! too excited 
"whats eating <propmale> grape, yo"
wow this day could get better!
doin another dinner night at <propmale> kilthaus anyone wanna kick it??
everyone come out for dinnertonightin o'fallon at <propmale>'s 618-520-7612
dinner and a movie with my bff
feeling pretty good right about now
"today is going to be fabulous!! cutting some hair, work, then on a date with the coolest guy ever to city museum  super fly  smile "
 smile  ready for an amaaazing night with bv and then tomorrow for the craziest night ever with my girls  love 
laundry party at the laundromat tomorrow with <propmale> kilthau
just about saw a <propfirst> tbone a bus    me right behind the bus  a foot between the bus and <propfirst>  thank god they stopped
the adventure begins  city museum time!
<propfirst> is never going to find me in the hole im in hahaha
wrecked car     just great  thanks life
who knew guys still opened the car door for u and take u out instead of really taking urself out  so nice  smile 
hate disappointing people especially the ones i care about  this is not my week
working then dinner party at joshs  everyone come out
dinner at <propmale> ks tonight
makin spicy shrimp pasta tonight love 
so happy  hanging with <propfirst> <propmale> and friends smile 
ive got balls in my face    he sure does have a hairy set of nuts on em!
omg thanks to my friends for being assholse and putting bs on my site!! haaaaaa
just watched <propfemale> minaj sing her song on snl    she totally <propfirst> under the real song  kinda like lip singing  real lame 
just got my gym pass at apex smile  so excited!
forgot how nice it was to have someone that calls to talk instead of texting  way more personal smile  so happy 
<propfirst> needs to come watch gossip girl w me! smile 
gossip girl then workout time!
already were almost fully booked at scape for vday  cant wait to see all the cute couples smile 
dear <propfirst> you are so dumb for being on tv and making me watch you
love it!!
whew one hour at the gym done! just a little longer!
work then to the gym  wish i could go see bv but id rather not get the flu annoyed 
watchin a few movies then headed to the gym smile 
for the first time in a long time i can say that i wanna try
whew good workout def feelin it
my body feels like it's been hit by a truck   muscles are so sorer
seems to me i've found something good  happyyy smile 
attention ladies!! i will need a model on march 19th for a masquerade fashion show  let me know if you are interested 
i'm done with how it feels spinnin my wheels lettin you drag my heart around
bobbys com in over tonight  movie nighttttt smile 
awesome night w <propfirst> and the fam
workin a double today  no super bowl party for me 
shift one over  ready for shift two of work 
shift 1 over  ready for shift 2 of work 
definately a gym night
dinner party at joshs tomm smile 
diced up an apple made some oatmeal= homemade cinnamon apple oatmeal  can't wait to see <propfirst> and <propmale> tonight!!!
joshie ks tonight! super excited to c him and all my buddies
is anyone doing anything tonight  my plans are done at 8pm
tuna casserole smile  going to be yum 
oh em gee  me and <propmale> kilthaus casserole is delishhhhhhh fa sho
hangn w <propfirst> then workout at midnight   smile 
great night w my friends my guy and a great workout to follow  yay
worst dream ever
"and i never was smart with love, i let the bad ones in and the good ones go, but i'm gonna love you like vie never been hurt before, i'm gonna love you like i'm indestructible"
i  love  valentines day week when all my favorite movies are on  watching the proposal smile 
its my moms birthday yay!
"when you stop looking, you will find   love "
supa bored 
in looooove with linkin park fo shiiz  waiting for the end has been my fav song since it came out
definitely thinking my second tattoo is coming in may for my birthday     if so getting my side done
lets hope this sleep medicine helps
dinner with <propfirst> tonight smile 
"don't u tell her how i give u something that u never even knew u missed, don't u even try e playful lain how it's so different when we kiss, u tell her that the only way her  love  will mend is when she learns to  love  again and it won't mke sense now but ur still her friend and then u let  her down easy  love "
almost passed out in the shower   deff not feeling well  yay me sad  boondock saints it is 
sugarbaby don't u worry i can blend in like a good weave
someone bring me a magic pill to feel better so i can go out with b
won ton soup   zombieland    meds    all thats needed is b 
definately had an awful day and night last night  still feel terrible  sad 
lady gaga is just whatever to me 
<propfirst> is coming to see me smile   this will make me feel much better 
workin a very busy night with <propfirst> & <propmale> tonight wink 
working for the first time this week since i've been sick  can't wait to see my scape family
wow long night of work    long day of cutting hair tomorrow  finally leaving st  <propfirst> to head home 
i would love to give up
still having a hard time eating   it would be nice for this to change 
happy valentines day  i just spent my amazing night with b smile 
saw some great friends today! great valentines day so far!
"you're beautiful every little piece love, don't you know you're really gonna be someone ask anyone, and when you find everything you looked for i hope your life leads you back to my door oh but if it don't stay beautiful"
going to see my girlfriend <propfemale> shafer    riight now!!
<propfemale> holders graduation todayyy with <propfemale> shafer love 
congratulations <propfemale>  you are so talented and one of the hottest girls i know!
just did my hair lookin sexy!!!
im a lucky girl 
<propfirst> is taking me on vacation next weekend!!! picking the place right now smile 
cutting flava <propfirst> fraziers hairr then workin it outtt smile 
super excited for vaca with <propfirst> next weekend smile 
going to see my bessstest friend everrrrrrr tonight <propfemale> <propfemale>
suuper sleepy long night
six days smile  smile  too excited 
 annoyed       ehhhhhh
"right now yo prob thinkin how she get in them jeans, well im gifted all natural and burstin at the seams"
happiest girl in the world right now love 
makn me n my boys cds for the long drive on friday  so fun love 
"so i gave up, it didnt take long for me to see the one thing i was missing was standing in front of me, i took you for granted thought the grass was greener on the other side, i was so wrong and its taken so long for me to finally realize this is precious love"
with my man and all our besties love 
i'm the luckiest girl in the world to have found someone so wonderful that brings the good side out of me  took me a bit to hook him a lot o waiting but well worth the wait
blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"we live on front porches and swing life away, we get by just fine here on minimum wage, if  love  is a labor ill slave til the end i wont cross these streets until you hold my hand"
because of you everytime i see a new gray <propfemale> i think of you and how i know if i ever see you again i'll knee you in your balls  thanks for the reminder
whooo whooo got my man to come ovaaaaaa
cuddle bug has left the building sad 
2 days tilll my boyfrannnnn takes me on our weekend vacation! stilll havent started to pack 
"tonight gonna be crazy epicccc <propfemale> noones,jessica shafer,katie koesterer htttttin uppp stlllll!! gonna get hot hot hot for tonight "
yummmy salmon  got my first item packed for the wknd: swimsuit  smile 
i am the most blessed person errrr    best friends r amazing    boyfriend is  just    completely amazing   i feel great   and i love my life    havent been this happy in a  year 
when im up in the club really turned up i aint gonn think about you tonight
at pops w my pretty ladies
great girls night tonight  love 
you dont have to turn the sound up babe i want you from the ground up baby baby you're the world to me
i want to marry <propfirst> levine
in 24 hours i'll be on the road with <propfirst> for a fabulous weekend smile  can't want to see you tomorrow! so lucky to have you 
kc tomorrow for the weekend w my lovely boyfriend love 
packingggg!!!! smile  smile 
headed to kansas city with my boy!! this will be an awesome adventure weekend smile 
3 hours down one more to go til we get to kc! smile 
had a lovely day with <propfirst> now having dinner at the hotel  loving it 
last day in kc  me and <propfirst> are headed to our last stop    bass pro shop! fabulous weekend  i am blessed with the best bf ever!
<propfirst> likes to listen to <propfirst> spears on our four hour drive home  love 
back homeee  so many great things seen this weekend in kc 
going to see one of my greatest friends since highschool days to get her through some tough times and loss
crazy when you meet someone and everything you know they know as well    when you say something it was something they were about to say  when you do something its something they're doing   its crazy that i met you when i did  
so happy love 
defffff going to see my boyfriend after work tonight    much needed  sad 
"hey now, and when, and when i wake up, u look so pretty sleeping next to me but there is not enough time n there is no, no song i could sing and there is no combination of words i could say but i will still tell you one thing, we're better together"
not my night for sure    glad my boyfriend got me movies to watch with him an makes me feel better
 love   love   love  you 
movies tonight with <propmale> voellinger & april <propfemale>
on the loop with <propfirst> april and <propfirst>
everyday that passes i'm reminded that i am blessed with the best friends and boyfriend a girl could ask for  i love that feeling 
theres somethin in your voice makes my heart beat fast hope this feelin lasts
just watched a very depressing movie me and april are depressed now 
you killed our love <propfemale>!?!
sushi and a movie with my lovely <propfirst> tonight!
at sake with <propfirst> about to enjoy this sushi
last nights date with b was fabulous  now movie night with him
"i cant lie you're on my mind, stuck inside my head, i wanna feel your heart beat for me instead, yeah"
"if i find my way through the darkest of days, will i laugh about the things that kept me awake? but if my greatest fear paints itself so <propfemale> clear,will i run away or will i hide?"
buffalo wild wings with <propfirst>
just watched <propfirst> almost throw up from the super hot wings hahahaha epic 
 sad  oh man
wishn i could've gone to sit in the budweiser suite with my boyfriend at the blues game tonight  <propfemale> jealous!
my bf is taking me on an all day date in stl smile 
didnt wanna get up just wanted to snuggle  nasty day
 sad     ahhhh  
"she's as pretty as a picture every bit of funny as she is smart got a smile that'l hold you together and a touch that'll tear you apart, when she's yours she brings the sunshine when she's gone the world goes dark yeah she's heaven on the eyes but boy she's hell on the heart"
"there now, steady love, so few come and don't go will u won't u, be the one i'll always know when i'm losing my control, the city spins around, ur the only one who knows, u slow it down"
when u least e playful ect it and fall apart thinkin ur the only one youre reassured they feel the same
i relate to you naturally everybody else just fades away sometimes it's hard to breathe just knowing you found me cause i start thinking about it i almost forgot what it was like to know when it feels right cuz with u i can let my hair down i can say anything crazy i kno u'll catch me right before i hit the ground
 love 3333
had a fabulous night with my girls then got to see my lovely boyfriend smile 
"and i've, well i've seen a thousand things in one place but i stopped my counting when i saw your face erasing memory, well i feel as though i've never seen a face before until i saw your eyes"
job day  wish my girls were with me
fabulous dinner with my sweetheart at scape  now to lasertagging  love 
such a great night  always love time with my bf and april
3 haircuts today! keepin it real
"whenever u need me whenever u want me,u know u can call me, i'll be there shortly, don't care what your friends say, cause they don't kno me i can be your bestie, and u be my homie, i ain't gonna flex, i'm not gon front u kno if i ball, then we all gon stunt send her my way, she ain't gotta hold up whenever you call baby i roll up"
i want to knw the secret to letting go 
teen mom only has two more episodes of this reason? can't they just make this a lifetime show o these same people? i don't want to get to know new people  lol
"josh: i likey likey likey you for being in a better mood \me: i likey likey likey you for calling me!\ love  my bestie smile "
my birthday party is two months way  time to start sheddin pounds
"u wear nothing but u wear it so well tied up and twisted the way i'd like to be for u, for me, come crash into me baby"
"time flies, things change  people change  sometimes for the worst and sometimes for the better  but when they change for the better, its a crazy thing to catch up on that lost time"
playing black ops with my boo and kickn his butt
church with my boyf today!
battle la is badass
3 months enjoying every minute 
try e playful laining gossip girl to your boy    it doesnt work    
<propfemale>?!  love 
are you two married? no  but you're living together? yes  you're going to hell!     well at least ya ya approves of you eating athenos greek yogurt  ha ha ha
cant sleep bleh
grrrrrrr
day with dad!
i want to see my booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo     arghhh
wtf   whys everyone singing on grey's anatomy     this is not glee    stpd    <propfemale> you better not die 
blessed 
learning spanish at work from my little spaniard <propmale>  ha ha ha love 
just had delicious applebees w bobby smile  love 
every stop light i didnt make every <propmale> i did or i didnt take all the nights i went too far all the girls that broke my heart all the doors that i had to close everything that i did or i didnt know thank god for all i missed cuz it led me here to this
in the worst possible mood ever    and it wont go away 
i  love  my friends   
got home at 4am last night frm babysitting    had work at ten    after work a much needed nap w b  smile 
"me: i'm in a good mood today smile \bobby:u r? hell has frozn over  ha ha ha"
"we got too much time to kill like pigeons on my windowsill we <propfemale> around ever since i've been with you,you hold me up all the time i'm falling down"
"to settle for less is not what i prefer so bottle up old love, and throw it out to sea,\watch it away as u cry  now a year has passed the seasons go, please just dont play w me my paper heart will bleed this wait for <propfemale> wont do be with me, please, i beseech u, simple things that make u run away  catch u if i can"
all these guards they stand tall and defensive putting up walls around what was once innocent it won't let me in but i'm stronger than that cuz u stole my eyes and i'll never look back girl last night i forgot to mention the way that i feel the way that i'll remember this when we're this young we have nothing to lose just the clock to beat and a hand to choose love 
errybody go to hot shots tonight n get some fun monster stuff from my boyfriend so he can get out earlier!! smile 
"bobby: omfg there is  huuuge spider on my windshield   oh my god  i am gonna wreck   we are gonna wreck  this is huge  id ont <propfemale> anything to hit it with  omg i dont knwo where it went   baby i gotta let you go   ahhh  \\hahahahahaah"
 love  lucky girrrrrrl 
you're a lover i'm a runner and we go round and round
not feeling well     awful 
worst traffic ever trying to get out of st  <propfirst>   
i've had such an amazing day! had a fabulous dinner with my love and his family and its a gorgeous night out smile 
wish me luck today!
i'm not bending over backwards for anyone    if people don't want to work for me when i have plans then i'm not helping you  no one cares about anyone but themselves 
blehhhhhhhhhhhhhh
boyfriend just got the <propfemale> to buy a beautiful new bike  absolutely cannot wait to ride with him!!!!!  love 
i loved you since the very first day when i caught you looking my way i smiled and just knew it and up until you came along no one ever heard my song now its climbing with a bullet love 
and im out    really hoping this goes well because if it does it that means i'll finally do what i've been putting off for 3 months   ready for it 
completely relieved smile 
got the job  ready to make money and clean up my life smile 
not     my day sad 
babysitting my little munchkin <propfirst> with b  make my day <propfemale> much betta 
"if ull be my soft and sweet i'll be ur strong and steady, u be my glass of wine i'll be ur shot of whiskey, u be my <propfemale> day ill be your shade tree, u be my <propfemale>suckle ill be ur <propfemale> bee love "
some spoiled people disgust me 
busy day at work  starting new job tomorrow    goodness 
so mad that i don't get my <propfemale> for my birthday
work at nine whoo! finally have somethin to do during the day 
awesome first day at work  so much better than i imagined 
such a busy busy week   two jobs for the next two weeks   goodness gonna miss you!
hot water lime and <propfemale> is my coffee 
wtfmfgrr
give up 
studied from nine to three am for my server test  slept from four to seven  work for seven hours today  just got to my second job  can i cry?
i'm the easter <propfemale> all day tomorrow at scape smile  can't wait to see all of my family and boyfriend!
gonna enjoy being the easter <propfemale> today smile  happy easter smile 
what an awesome start to my day grr 
awesome day  almost got attacked by two dogs  got punched in the head and had my <propfemale> bag stolen by a ten year old      man being the easter <propfemale> was hard work
congratulations to my girl mena panyik on she and seans engagement!!! so happy for you dearest!! miss youu
girls night with april <propfemale> @ <propfemale> winter yayyyy smile  smile  smile 
so sick of selfish bitches that e playful ect you to do everything for them but in return its a big fuck you 
work seven days this week smile  my birthday is in eleven days yay
<propfemale> has a freckle face!
fuck it
birthday in 6 days! smile  anyone wanting to go to dinner for my birthday friday night let me know 
whooo whooo    lookin tannn 
i sincerely hope tonight goes better than last night    wow   annoyed 
i have the best boyfriend and friends ever  i love you guys!
emailing breeders about my rabbit smile  smile  smile   love  <propfirst>  hopefully getting our baby rabbit next weeeeeek for my birthday 
i think its ridiculous that a parent says to a almost 20 year old that they dont deserve to have fun at all   i am working a double open to close on my fucking birthday and i'm so sick of people that i ask nothing from asking everything from me  seriously  im just gonig to act like i dont even have a fucking birthday at all!!
getting ready to work tonight at scape scape scapeeeee !
whoo finally off!
i want to live where soul meets body
weird when you wear something and look at pictures and see another girl wearing that exact same thing a few years back of that persons              can you say awkward?
bday is sunday! me and <propfirst> are picking out the <propfemale> on saturday night in missouri smile 
wow finally off  exhausted
my birthday dinner is tonight around 7 anyone wantin to come text mehhh
lookin extremely fly for my birthday dinner with my bestest and my boyfriend smile  love them
great dinner so stuffed
i hate liars  i will never go through the bs i went thru again  why isnt anyone honest anymore if u lie about small things ull lie again about bigger things
happy 20th birthday to meeee smile  come see me at 54th street in o'fallon workin a double be there alllllll dayyy makin that moneyyyy!
worked a twelve and a half hour shift at 54 yesterday  was so nice to come home to so many birthday messages  thanks everyone!
am i giving enough is it all that should be when water gets rough will u still swim with me so afraid to come close and maybe too slow and maybe too much for u to consume and i wanna kno if i could live inside ur world and i wanna kno if i could give it to u girl
