4518b335f9469973797a9c0542646171
happy new year everybody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does not ever want to talk to another insurance company again 
hates light pollution 
"officially hates the show \are you smarter than a fifth grader \"""""
last first day of school  it's bittersweet 
loves vegetating 
just took a nap   smile 
is finally home!  smile 
has just spent the morning listening to high-pitched renditions of it's a small world and the evening dealing with angry asian parents  is also now currently deaf 
just woke up 5 minutes ago and realized that she slept at her desk for two hours without knowing  is also very sore 
hates <propfirst> pham with a passion!
harassing people during mock trial practice is fun 
managed to drag my whole family to watch new <propfemale>  it's gonna be epic 
"is watching her little cousins \flirt\"" with her other cousin's boyfriend """
you know you miss band when you wake up from a nap after dreaming about marching in a basic block 
<propfemale> christmas every one!
i'm such a loser and my cousin <propfirst> dang is amazingly cool!!!
<propfirst> dang is such a loser that the only way he can get compliments is by accessing other people's facebook accounts and writing them himself 
happy new years everybody!
selling girl scout cookies! place your order now!
my mom told me i was speaking french in my sleep  she was glad that her money went to a good cause  i was afraid i had gotten brainwashed at french camp 
"i got into ucla! yes, best college food in the nation here i come!"
guess who's going to new york over spring break?
just got officially accepted into nyu  woot!
today i heard a 10 year old kid say he was going to suicide at the age of 20  after a good talking to he said he changed his mind and was going to jump off a bridge when he turns 12  what is up with kids nowadays?
in new york  time to shop til i drop!
back from new york! who missed me?
phuc is the best vice president ever!  laugh 
just saw train live  great day 
at rihanna's concert at the staples center  freakin' amazing!!!
"in just two nights, i saw train, ke$ha, rihanna, and eminem live  it's a great week so far "
i love <propmale> e cheese   love 
is out looking for her future house 
just saw lady gaga! my feet hate me now but it was worth it!
super hungry     
"at lax with 6 people in a 5 person car and we got stopped for a car check  so huy, is it 3 or 4 people in the back seat?"
just woke up and now i have a massive headache 
10 more days until i head to new york 
9 more days till i head to the city that never sleeps  wonder how that'll work out for me    
7 dayyyssssss      until i head to ny
6 more days till nyc
hungry       somebody feed me!
met some cool <propmale> people today  pretty sure they liked me        even if it was awkward
5 more days till new york
has a sore throat now     
1 more day till new york    
"leaving for new york tonight  omg, why am i panicking now?!"
i've finally found something i dislike about nyc     it requires too much walking 
first day of classes     soooo much walking  argh!
i went to my first math class at nyu and it was in this little classroom with a chalkboard  my first reaction: chalkboards still exist?
really needs to learn how to wake up before 4 on the weekends 
i hate wednesdays    
went to my first broadway show tonight  i want the dancers' legs 
somebody on the street just asked me for directions today and i knew where to point them! i was so excited  i'm not super directionally challenged after all!
i wanna be 18 already! make me legal!!!!
"recently, i've either been an insomniac or in a coma     conclusion: i need more caffeine "
is going to cry     i hate essays 
is super scared she might not be going home this weekend   
california!!!! guess who's baaaaaccckkk???
just finished my in-n-out  i miss california already 
let's see what else i can do instead of writing my essay     minesweeper? nap? eat? blast my itunes playlist and sing along?
i am sick and tired of being kicked out of my comfy dorm room for a fire alarm  stop being pyromaniacs people!!!! i was going to take a nap!!!!
i have a dilemna: food or sleep?
i hate the cold  i hate the wind  i'm never stepping foot outside my dorm again 
i just found there's a taco <propfemale> in new york!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes!
i have been trying to convince myself to get out of bed for the last two hours      yea    
i hate studying!!!!!!!!!!! arghhhh!!!!!!!
awkward turtle     
i am being completely and utterly unproductive useless and it is amazing 
"i  love  <propfemale> apples, <propfemale> emma<propfirst> xu, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> katarzyna steplewski, oi <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>, bin wu"
hey everybody else who's pulling an all-nighter and prolonging it by going on facebook! how's it going?
"\and i'm so sick of love songs   \"" i hate you <propmale> nguyen"""
"good morning world! wow, am i up early for a sunday morning "
back in california!!!!!!! i've missed this place 
"omg! first time i've driven in several months  friggin scared!!! oh, and a happy thanksgiving everyone!"
going back to new york   annoyed  thanks to all the people in cali that made it such a great visit  i'll miss you guys a lot  love !!!!
"damn you pyromaniacs! stop setting fires and kicking us all out into the cold because you can't cook toast right! or popcorn, or french fries! can't you set a stupid fire over a goddamn gourmet meal? and two fires in 13 hours? we've been evacuated ten times and only two of those times were actually fire drills  those who started the fires better be careful  <propfemale> katarzyna steplewski and i are coming after you with metal bats "
it's snowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
somebody kidnap me so i don't have to do my finals tomorrow!
sooooooooooo booooooooooooorrrrrreeeeeeddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!
back in california!!!!!! and a <propfemale> christmas to everyone too 
enjoying the california sun  suck it new yorkers!
was at an asian restaurant staring at its typical asianness when <propfemale> started playing  <propfemale> katarzyna steplewski
bringing pepper spray to vegas     just in case   laugh 
saying goodbye to california with in-n-out again
"the weather is way too cold, the class load is exhausting, and i can feel myself getting sick  i keep on going to bed super earlier than usual as if i'm getting old  i think i'm having a quarterly-life crisis "
my first snow day ever! no classes! 4 day weekend! yes yes yes yes yes! i love snow!
"was forced to tape down my sheets to keep them from moving during the night after plan \safety-pin them down\"" failed """
good night    too bad i don't look forward to the rest of it   annoyed 
in a ninja restaurant     with ninjas     this is awesome 
"95% of people on my facebook will probably ignore this, but as we speak, libyan people are being massacred, because they're rebelling against an unfair government  the elderly, women, children, everyone in libya is in danger tonight  it's genocide  repost this as your status to raise awareness and support the revolution "
pineapple
just landed in california  i feel warmer already  laugh 
first time driving in two months     0_0 wish me luck
