6065358dda373ac2028d40b2614bb623
is trying to think of something to do today 
this week is going to be hard and fun!
im back  but i miss where i was 
while we're young lets breathe in each moment as we walk the roads to all we'll become  let us dream big and love even bigger while we're young 
im feeling pretty discouraged right now  im not really sure what to do so   yeah  annoyed 
had a pretty good day! wet out to eat and is now sleepy
swim party!!!
i think the face on the <propfemale> looks sad lol
boys       dumb!!!! lol (efy inside joke)
going shopping tomorrow!!!!!!! yay!
shoping shoping and more shoping!!!!!! and maybe a dance tonight if i feel like going   smile 
yum yum yum enchilladas!
has to go to work and has to finish a big project before my boss gets back on wednesday   oh joy! wish me luck! txt me so i dont lose my mind in the chaos   lol
i wanna road trip anyone wanna help convince my parents to go to a family reunion next month??? i wanna get out of here!!!
hey people!!!! tell me what your first impression of me was on my note! really do it!!!! i want to know  be as honest as you want or you can make something up i dont care i just want to know what you thought 
made a cake in record time for activity lol
i am so tired!!!!!!!     finished big project fo rthe most part  boss is back tomorrow   oh joy   txt me so i dont have to deal with extreamly annoying co-workers 
went to the gym had the machine that sqeaks   again  i had my ipod in so i pretended not to notice and it was so hard not to laugh when i saw the faces people were making at me  hahahahahahaha!!!!!!
there is just something about floating on the top of the water looking at the sky that brings an amazing amount of peace to my mind   until someone grabs my foot and pulls me under   lol jk(about being pulled under the floating is so true though)
we were sooo close!!!!! just a little more use of our cooresive efforts and there just may be a trip in my future!!!!
is eating cake   yes before dinner!!!! countless mother accross the country would be nodding their heads in shame if they heard this  lol its good tho smile 
had tons of fun tonight! jinxing batters to get hit in the knee   conga lines turned stampede with little kids tripping   the music and friends   great night! great way to start a weekend!!
"lets see   tomorrow=1st day of school, thursday laugh avid cook concert, saturday=weekend! next thursday=b-day  smile  next friday=bull riding, that saturday=beach trip!!!!! thats about it smile "
first day down   allot more to go   lol
note to efy friends: you know those little flag things of colleges(their like triangle shaped) well there are a bunch of those up in a office at my school i noticed today that there is totally a redlands university one! lol im gonna tak a pic of it one of these days   lol  smile 
"my dad and i   \pig!\"" \""hog!\"" \""swine!\"" \""flu!!!\"" hahahahahaha!!!"""
<propfirst> cook concert=awesome!!!! nuf said 
i hate coughing!!!!!!!!
so this morning i woke up to i giant orange fox walking around my house(he made breakfast too) lol thanks <propmale> 
today is my sick day   no going anywhere just sit and be sick 
so i just went through my whole friends list to make sure i know all of them and this is what i found   i have personally met or at least talked to all 232 of them fourteen are family   105 are those i have gone to school with   two are former missionaries in my ward(not at the same time) about 20 are from efy   and there are allot i still havent put into categories but i thought this was interesting 
was born seventeen years ago at 10 smile 7 tomorrow!!! lol
oh dude i totally called it!!! i said the first fight of the year would be the second week of school   there was a fight this morning lol  if i bet i would have won some money today lol  okay boys   fighting   dumb!!!!!
to the beach!!!!!!!
is burnt   sad  sun=not a fan of my skin 
got really tired on the ride home took a nap and now has to do homework   just what i wanted to wake up to    annoyed 
done with homework!   for the moment now off to bed i go!
ick big english assignment! dang procrastinating!
is sore!!!
to arizona!!
is home tired and wanting this year to go by really fast!!
hey is anyone going to go to the priest-laurel activity on friday??? cause if everyone is going to the game instead im not going to go sit with five other girls and one guy and do whatever we are doing   
people who dont know what they are talking about but say stuff anyways make  me mad
i had a good dream  smile 
not much to do today 
"schedule for today   get all dolled up(lol), go shopping, take pics, play guitar hero(maybe finish medium level), and either go to the dance(if i know anyone going) or just chill and watch movies  wanna join?"
hahaha i feel dumb the dance is next weekend not this weekend lol!
yay!!!!! i beat guitar hero on medium! that makes me really happy smile  now to attempt hard then go to the movies   smile 
well idk what im going to do but i need to decide soon i kinda need the free time so that i dont get all stressed but i like this   ugh!!! anyways meet tomorrow hopefully i have improved from last week i guess we will find out soon enough 
hey i apparentlly need reminders to not consume dairy products   ugh  anyways   didnt run today though (because of the dairy) read dr  seuss stories on the way there and back lol! now its time to do homework  my english class is making me really mad though! ugggh!
hey left my phone in my car which is not where i am able to easily acess so if you text or try to call me im sry  it will prolly die by tomorrow night anyways but if you need to talk to me send me a message or call my house phone(hahaha you will have to send me a message anyways to get the number cause like no one has that number lol) 
i want to do something fun this week  i have a meet on thursday  and parade on saturday hopefully the routine will come together well enougth to look great by saturday 
i am way excited for <propmale> tomorrow!!!! i am going to paint p<propmale> of a pearls before swine comic strip 
i painted awesomeness idk when i will finish it btu it will be cool!! ran 3 1 miles(i still dont understand why the  1 is necessary but i ran it i think i did better but idk my time yet so we will see   
i really want to just scream and hit something!!!!!!!!!!!! i guess thats what pillows are for   
is taking a much needed mental health day  no tv for me 
im in a parade today  ill put up pics later 
homecoming week!!!! i have no idea what tomorrow is though  i am way excited for powder-puff!!!!!!!
gender bender day is always   well   interesting   to say the least  somebody tell me how powderduff went!!
i am sooooo happy my dress finally arrived  preforming in the peprally tomorrow  then selling floats at the game 
pep rally went okay  (got a bunch of complements so i guess it wasnt too bad col  gandy made me smile smile ) now a pretty chill weekend except i have to write a paper  txt me 
yay! i got muffins and cinnabon coffe cake(no cofee)!!! now time to enjoy confrence!!  smile )
didnt do as well as i would have liked in my meet today but at least my leg doesnt hurt as bad as it has before (looking on the brightside here)  smile 
i forgot my shoes(running shoes) so i didnt run today at practice lol
is excited for tonight to come so she can take her car home get it fixed and give it a bath   its really dirty  i guess thats what i get for having a white car in the desert 
for once i dont have that much to do this weekend!!! yay!!!
"has been 'working' on my car  it's been more like taking allot of the panneling off so we can get to one <propfemale> light that is out but its been fun! then i need to wash it get a bunch of stuff out of there, run, and get my hair trimmed "
is feeling pretty miserable both emotionally and physically 
i love facebook in pirate!!! lol
about to get ready for senior pics   hopefully the wind doesnt mess everything up   smile 
sucessfully completed senior pics!  smile 
if anyone wants a graduation announcement or just a senior picture let me know so i dont leave you out! i order the announcements this week so once i run out thats it no more  lol just letting you know!
is about to go watch byu ballroom dancers!!!!!!!! (this is me excited)
randomly got a bloody nose    gross!!
will embark on a new artistic venture today   now just what that will be exactly i have no idea   lol  smile 
just got a new pr at the meet today!!!! and is really tired(painting is going good btw)
"this weekend: write a paper, paint and do whatever else i have time for   smile "
so much to do! <propfemale> many papers to write!!! <propfemale>o little time!!!!
english paper    done!!!
had a awesome dream about pirates that was kinda a combination of <propfirst> pan and pirates of the carribian   smile 
i am now soley a high school student   no college classes for me!!! never take online classes!!!!!never!
interviews   check!!!now i just have to finish the essays   yeah lol  p s  i finished my painting its not too bad  will post pics soon  now i am off to clean my room some and go to bed  night!
copy this into your status and see how people rate you  1 sad razy 2:i'd marry you 3:talkitive 4 annoyed arcastic 6 sad lubhead 7:moody 8 laugh umb 9 annoyed poiled 10:mouthy 11:random 12:hot 13:funny 14:fit 15:amazing 16:tough 17 sad ute 18:bf gf type 19 playful layer 20:the best 21:freak 22:quiet 23 annoyed exy 24:adorable 25:annoying 26:rude 27:boring 28 laugh own to earth
sleepover!!!!! nuf said
befy   way fun!!!!! thanks guys!
nap then write short essay then prepare lesson 
friday the thirteenth is just not a good day for me   i feel like ive spent the day on a rolercoaster being held in only by my foot  im going to bed hopefully tomorrow will be better
you think by crying to me looking so sorry that i'm gonna believe? youve been infected by a social disease  well then take your medicine!
successfully gave blood smile  no adjusting of the needle or anything   smile 
is going shopping tomorrow!!!!with <propfemale> <propfemale> loller !!!!!!+ its a half day+ plus no scholl all next week!!!!!=awesome!!!!!!!
"is blissfully happy!!! sandiego+family this week(maybe iceskating too), school next week, and trip to arizona to see more family!!!! the next weekend(first weekend in december!!!!)"
"there is no arizona no painted desert,no sedona if there was a grand canyon she could fill it up with the lies he's told her but they don't exist,those dreams he sold her she'll wake up and find there is no arizona"
in san <propmale>  today's adventure the zoo   yippey! oher than that idk 
happy turkey day yall!!!! i can now enjoy the day cause the killer headache i had earlier is now gone!
is off to the beach then home! hopefully i will find some sand dollars!!! *crossing my fingers*
this is one of those 'i was sopposed to be working on a paper but i ended up doing anything but that' days  lol oh well it will ge done eventually  i have accepted that when it comes to papers i will never get them done early
ahhhhh!!!!!!! :[
"which one for my senior quote?: it is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks, to go forward with a great <propfemale> forever beating at the door of our hearts as we travel toward our distant goal  -<propfemale> keller happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort -fdr"
ive decided its fun to steal toms phone play the games and change his facebook status to non mocho stuff  wink 
i am totally loving my christmas pjs!!! guys pj-pants are way comfy!!!
the long day of traveling begins!
track is pretty killer   nuf said 
you know your in california when   there is a earthquake you talk about it for a minute of two and then life goes on like business as usual with the exception of cell phones being busy
a little boy totally made my day! he was protecting me from monsters  so cute!!!
six flags was way fun! now i am sore though! off to the aquarium and the beach today!!!!
no more worries!!!!
put grad announcments in the mail today so if you are e playful ecting one it should be there soon there are only like two i havent sent 
i am exhausted!!!!
pretty much this week will be: if i am not in class i am painting and if i am not paintitng i am in class  i'm kinda in a hurry to finish two huge projects (mural and a huge castle)  we will see how this goes 
creating her itunes library on laptop   very time consuming
well tomorrow is pretty much good bye cali for me  im not sure how much or if i will be able to get on fb but i for sure wont be using my phone all summer  bummer  i really wish i could have been able to spend time with everyone before i left but i leave in the morning  i for sure will be able to check my email so if you send me messages i will be able to read them  keep in touch! ill try but i cant promise anything 
i pretty much love fish lake so far! this summer will be way fun 
i kinda want to go home just to visit  im in a road trippy mood i guess  lol
only a couple more weeks left thank hevens!!! yeah laugh at my spelling skills  i cannot wait to go home i like it here but im done  im jelous of those who have already left   no fair 
its wasnt until i was doing my makeup this morning that i realized today is my birthday! i feel kinda slow for not realizing it earlier but i have more exciting things happening today 
thanks everyone today was great!!!
made it!
yumm banana bread!
dear stomach of mine: why do you hate me?
what to do when facebook is failing to keep me from doing my homework? i guess this is when i do my homework  lame 
i like it on my desk 
i have realized i have a problem going down stairs safely i almost fell twice today
i wanna have a party
"says \you mean stonehenge?!\"" \",606535 laugh da373ac202 laugh 40b2614bb623,don't you love those times where you have to stay up to finish homework but your really tired? this is when i start texting people to keep me awake 
"\im just here for the halibut\"""""
you know you are in idaho and the news is talking about a car accident involving a potato truck   and they feel the need to clarify that the potato truck was not carrying and potatoes at the time of the accident   
got cookies in the mail from my parents!!!! i love them!!!!!!
so much homework to do!!! such little time!! and so much else i would rather be doing!!!
i love the entertaining conversations and laughing fits i get into with <propfirst>  poor <propfemale> ends up with the two of us laughing at things shes said  but its so funny!!!!
delivery pizza+dr pepper+movie+fun roomie=best combo ever!!
today is one of those days where your in the car and you jut want to keep driving to see where you end up   i would probably be in a different state if i did  but i want to 
please i need help i have to do 2pieces for my <propmale> final and i am out of ideas please send me some pictures!!!!
tell me why so many people think its ok to treat me like crap  i can take it but that doesn't mean that i should have to 
new favorite scripture: d&c 58: 2-4
one final down   three tomorrow 
done with finals!! got recognized by some dude who did a picture scavenger hunt and i was in a couple pics for them at the dollar store  i also now have skype so let me know if ya <propfemale> wanna chat 
in airport  flight doesnt leave till 3:15 so i am gonna be here for a while 
muahahaha i have officially conquered! first found the ingredients i needed to make dinner without having to go to the store  then i made a amazing tamale pie! i win 
went shopping with my mom today smile  now having karate kid marathon  laugh 
back in rexburg this semester should be fun!
rearranged pretty much my whole schedule but my classes are still at about the same times  now i need to return a bunch of books and buy at least one more 
this homework is taking forever!!!!
so excited for ice skating tonight!!!!
definitely filled my quota of slipping and falling on the ice  i fell twice within a minute! i definitely love that i can laugh at myself!
<propfemale> glad to be back in rexburg!!!! i am happy that i got to see so many people that i have missed while down for jord&kristin's wedding though!
no school! time to have fun   well after i get my homework done  annoyed 
i love going to the gym!!!
