09d55cf8c88205331c6594811b6861ce
hopefully a good dose of some <propmale> cook stand up will lighten the mood
harder than e playful ected
feels like i'm in quicksand tied to a slowly sinking rock  i just need a sign!
"a light @ the end of the tunnel, a step forward no matter the size, just forward   all i've ever accompished was to show you only that i could, but now even though you are my driving force    i'm doing this to show myself"
cell phone out of commission
"why does doing what you think is the right thing always in some way, shape, or form inflict pain within you or the opposing side?"
"if you pray for <propfemale> will god give it to you, or the opportunity to be patient; if you pray for a family to be closer, will you become closer, or will you get the opportunity to become closer  (<propfirst> <propmale> you're the man)"
"so caught up in what i've lost i'm oblivious to what i could of had, so focused on what should be done i've lost track of the things i wanted to do all along, so worried about who i should be; i've forgotten who i really am, so involved in the past i've neglected to look towards my future "
"the longer we set and dwell on our misfortunes, the greater their power to harm us  to dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you really are  begin everything with the end in mind, we must become the change we want to see!"
the average person thinks he isn't  each problem that i solve will become a rule which serves afterwards to solve other's problems  e playful ecting the world to treat you fairly because you're good is like e playful ecting the bull not to charge because you're a vegetarian  happiness is good health with a bad memory 
"a decision must be made; are you hanging on the cross!?, or banging in the nails!?"
happy birthday bro i miss you more than i can e playful lain!
"today's culture promotes (in some fashion) that we should live and do with no regards toward guilt or punishment  they say as long as you make yourself happy that's what matters  however a moral compass can only point you in the right direction, you have to make the choice of which way you go "
"some are punished for the sins of others! we care not to understand their suffering,we continue to only frown and pass judgement upon the individual  have we completely lost the sense to look past someones flaws, no matter how extreme? if this is the path we continue to follow then i only feel sorry for those who refuse to open their eyes as well as their minds, they will miss out on something beauitful "
just doesn't really get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hadn't had a nightmare like that in awhile   
lol holy s#$%!!!!!!!!! still can't shake off last night
they say an eye for an eye will leave us blind      thank god for braille! it's completely impossible to keep everyone happy!
the truth seems to be changing as fast as people and time 
those who can't do   teach
"to be loved in this way is life-altering, to be needed in this way is unbelievable, to be missed in this way is a true testament to how much you meant to me  they say time heals all wounds, but it also has the power to make you numb to a particular, consistent pain   without pain there is no pleasure "
"i miss you so much, because now is when i need you the most"
saddle sore!!!!!!!!!!!!lol lol lol
"sometimes a moment can change things, sometimes in an instant our choices are made for us: the retaliation of an enemy, the realization of a truth, the betrayal of a friend  yes indeed, it is the small moments that change everything "
"life isn't fair, sometimes dreams do not come true, sometimes you're not the hero of the story of your own life, & sometimes people die before they are suppose to  life isn't fair, but fair has nothing to do w who you are inside   what you dream about   who you love   or what you stand for "
"the past can be forgotten   it cannot be ignored, but @ some point it is a part of who you are & a part of who you will become "
what you want to do means little or nothing of what you have to do  thanks dad
wants to turn the tables and throw life a curve ball!
still can't seem to find a reason to be here!
only 1 person who would understand it all! what would you have me do!?
"the islamic people and their faith are entitled to their religious views, it's one of the foundations that this country was built on! we should let and almost even welcome the fact that they would like a memorial of their own  it is no disrespect to those lost, whether they be christian, muslim, hindu, jew, etc  we just need to get over ourselves and move on as a people, one common species!"
"a white haired gibbon jumps into a tiger enclosure and enrages the 500lb predator  as the gibbon escapes over the fence the tiger follows by jumping over the 12ft high fence with another 2ft overhang, but the tiger is calmed and stopped by a 2yr old girl as he rounds a corner and is put face to face with her! amazing!"
"after all this time i still think of you daily, how i miss the days! i will continue to <propfemale> you throughout our hard times and make sure your memory serves as our strength "
"when one door opens another closes, when you gain one thing e playful ect to lose another  life has more than just speed bumps and curve balls, it's one of the few things that will kick you while you're down  and the only sensible thing to do is move forward, which may indeed be the hardest thing to do "
super excited that the day started @ 4 f-ing a m !
time for mother nature's remedy
"you never lose in life, until you quit!"
"trying to figure out what it is i'm looking for and i found it, dec  25 1991, it was perfect"
whoever said this pain would ever go away didn't know what it meant to be here without you
saw it all going differently
"the thing with pain and pleasure is that if you push someone far enough away they can't feel either  i must reinvent myself yet once again, they always talk about second chances, well what about thirds  they say your hands can become an extension of your heart, that e playful lains why mine are so cold  happy birthday dad!"
"\you can do anything! you are my son and we <propfemale> to much pride in us for anything to beat us!\"" <propfirst> r  <propmale>"""
"this whole time i have been clawing and scratching; fighting for this, but as i step back and look, i have been fighting for the wrong reason  if i continue to fight you on this then i am no better a person than what you are  yoo once said you had no choice but to go on with it, well      you lied!"
i am the prototype of how to unlove overnight!
just can't seem to shake it off
"as life goes on, so does time  friendships and relationships are made and broken, life slows down for no one, no matter how much good or bad you've done  as all this is unfolding aspects of life change as quick as new memories are made and replace the old ones  how does one go about moving forward while hanging on to what is now lost"
"once you lose something or someone you love, why do you tend to keep everyone or everything else you love @ a distance  this makes you become unsocial, unsympathetic, and drastically decreases whatever <propmale> you had @ being happy or being able to fully love again "
thinks they should reconsider some of the pain meds they give people      cause holy crap!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol everything is becoming more difficult to do today lol
"having no more tricks up your sleeve  no more fight left in your will, no more battling up your hill  when is a good time to forgive, i now <propfemale> so much anger as i live  trying desperately to hold on  memories are passing and will soon be gone  still trying to find a release for my grief  will it come? will it be had? all i know is i miss you dad!"
"unsocialable?       i like to call it \drama free\"""""
"wishes i could go back to who i used to be sometimes, then i think of what life has taught me  it only reinforces the things i don't say and do mean as much as the things that are said and done, i only wish you could see it as well "
