9e3f2a2c9df68a72b10af70a9e3d08d2
stupid 4 hour blackout - -
actually got onto facebook!!
inception or salt?
made chocolate mousse  tastes good but too watery t t
"woo~~ senior \1  ap psych\2  us gov\3  ap lit\4  concert orchestra\5  precal\6  human anatomy (at least i won't have physics  joyful )\\ first time i got all the classes i wanted without changing it on the first week of school  smile "
made chocolate chip cookies  annnd set off the fire alarm cause i didn't turn on the fan while i was checking on them - - hopefully no firemen are coming   
people are suddenly asking me if i've applied to college yet - - is it normal to apply now?
my swimming practice starts tomorrow    uh
just finished ap lit essay due tomorrrow  go procrastination!
finished bca and hosa student bio for treasurer  god i hope the people won't find it too cheesy or stupid lol
i  heart-broken  doing college application essays 
i hope these fogs will appear during halloween!
if you ignore the editing of essays and short answers   i only have one more college application of finish!  smile  happiness~~
submitted on college application  still stressed if any errors on there   
any advices on studying the sat?
teachers must be secretly planning for tests for the same day just to be evil    damn you pre-cal and human anatomy   annoyed 
the time that it takes to complete uaa college application: 3 mins     wtf?
is it a good idea to just apply for an <propfemale> league college knowing that you probably won't get in?
all of my primary college applications are submitted! hallelujah (or whatever how it's spelled)!!
   i have no idea how to do the human anatomy report 
i feel like crap 
i want it to be friday now!
why do companies make cold pills the size of a pinky?
fallout: new vegas comes out on october 19th  smile 
my sat scores = failed asian  need to do good on tomorrow's sat > >
this snow makes drivers paranoid and skiers squeal like children   
finally getting my ps3 fixed!
i just realized that ico will be rereleased along with shadow of the colossus in ps3 graphics   omg!!
i've never been so happy to see an empty box today
cornell   why must you make people write two essays?  sad 
apparently pranking is not a word   
"here in alaska, nature pwns you "
no school!
is spending no school time wisely by watching <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world
lol no school tomorrow too! thank you mother nature 
hp printer is the crappiest thing ever
truck at the end of our street (aka our driveway): two way no parking means two way no freaking parking 
it's only 5 days of break and already my sleeping is getting screwed up
i just got my newly repaired ps3 and ffxiii  my life is complete 
watched inception  oh my god 
i finally beat procrastination for once 
"one day down, one more to go"
nightmares can become dreams in which you overcome your fears 
watched salt  wtf?
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
watched clips of fantasia 2000  good times  smile 
thinking of building my own computer
good idea to make my own desktop computer even though i'm going out of state college in august? > >
baking strawberry cheesecake while listening to dbsk  happy life  smile 
tangled is so adorable!! frying pans are the weapons for mass destruction  laugh d
finished watching the <propfemale> and the frog  smile 
nature! pick a freaking season already!
bought my prom dress  smile 
