bf47a10e6f0cf9a32ae9ad3db18856a2
i am thinking about what to do tomorrow?? aha   
im thirsty lol
im bored
it ends tonight
"spring break is pretty lame <propfemale> far,"
had a bomb spiritual day with bros!
really bored on my only day off this week  
"not looking forward to another week of just me, myself, and i  "
just thinking things through
still just thinking
i wish u'd just understand
sometimes u gotta wait
i've been in the computer lab 1st 2nd and now 3rd hour lol verry nicee
good day lol
needa update my pic lol
lol i'm on nenas ipod heheh
cant wait til sat!!  wink 
"so turns out i mihgt be getting deported, they caught me with out the proper paper work and now im prety much done   "
"im bored ya'll but im off on thurs, sat, and tues so u should hit me up  wink "
another blahh day off  
it's dat new new <propfirst>!
new pic comments
what if i moved away??
i got my licensee
"sooooo,, im bored  "
needa sleep
<propfemale> i am not tired at all  hmm another latenight i guess
bored!!!!
"some things don't make sense, but hey i gotta be content bout it "
jeeez  
well im off to work wish me a good day lol
im ready im ready im ready! - spongebob
"at the end of the day my momma told me dont let no one break me let no one break me\\at end of the day, day, nobody, nobody, ever could stop me ever could stop me at the end of the day, day you cant regret it if you were trying if you were trying at the end of the day i'm walking with a heart of a lion yea"
i cannnnntt sleeeeeep!! urgg  annoyed 
"today was okay heard some stuff i didnt wanna hear, and also people told me i looked like a confused monkey on my id lol"
"doin wat i do, even if i gotta grind to make it through -<propfirst>"
on top of the dreams iz where im found   wink 
"just got at wrk, i get out at 5 u should hit me up"
getting new glasses and contacts
its simple as  
"feels so wrong, when i try to do right "
t g i f 
if u dont chew big red the fuck you  smile 
screw dis crap i don't need this anymore
<propfemale> today already sux
dang i feel like something or someoone iz missing   like this if u miss connor already  annoyed  cuz i do
i'm thinking too much again  
things just aren't the same  
night terror  annoyed 
when im zoooooneeed im feelin alright  smile 
l o t 
"\spaced out\"""""
"tonight went pretty good, saw vampires suck with <propfemale>  smile  lol dat movie is weird"
my mind is going more blank and blank as i walk this lonely road 
be yourself and dont try to hard to be someone else
 annoyed 
"u hear the birds singing flying around, u never see them to long on the ground, u wanna be one of them- yeah"
so my neck?ace chain broke haha i got beads for a temp chain looks pretty coo tho haha
just saw resident evil in 3d lol it was sick  wink 
right now the only thng on my mind is the good old days  annoyed 
supernatural tmmrw night!!! im excited
i'm missing out on everything cuz of wrk   urgg
y'all should check out and comment my new spaced out pic  wink 
i miss the weather from new mexico
i can't wait for the zombie thingg lol
"to get wat we need we sometimes lose wat we want, gotta be strong and never give up  -<propfirst>"
just got back from my run wheww lol its been a while but i'm gettin into better shape i got 2 months of this haha
"here we go, another day  "
tired just got back its gettin eazier to do tho haha
life why r u so cruel  
i can't focus with all this stuff on my mind   supernatural tonight tho  smile 
idont want tmmrw to come  
i want u toturn back the clock plz 
"not goin to school, ill be somewhere else instead txt me if u want "
so  the scariest but craziest thing just happend like an hr ago  
tired kinda feel crappy ehh
"gonna go jog it up n' hit the streets \lou\"" style lol"""
"wanna kno wats not fun, sitting at home alll dayy fml"
"i wanna be big when i grow up, like a big deal not large lol"
thank u guys for the birthday wishes  i noticed i got a rediculas amount of happy birthday's on facebook n like 7 in person lol thxx tho  wink 
"the \                          best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up "
sometimes u gotta kick back and drink a kool-aid jammer  laugh 
"imma regret this haha, but truth is   "
"to all my friends lol i sent u a <propfemale> so check dat out and like it, im tryin to become a public figure here haha  smile  thx"
so i lost 7 pounds in like a month1 2 got my protein drinks every morning and night been jogging almost everyday pumping iron 7days a wrk and dieting  whoo!
game tonight!! time to show em' wat we got!
"make sure to check out my <propfemale> and \like\"" it ha im a public figure  smile """
i wanna go to sleep
i need new job
just got done being a great friend lol its all in a days wrk  smile  now off to wrk
i wish i knew someone like me
i wanna play on the rain
its friday!
"\maniac\"" by kid cudi is mazingg"""
need something exciting to happen!!
i'm broke  donations would be nice  wink  turn a frown upside down today
"i wish upon a <propfemale>, that i could drive in my own car, i promice i won't go to a bar, or pick up stanger who idk who they are  trust me with a car so we can go far  smile  lol -<propfirst>"
morning well spent just exercising haha
i like somebody but do they like me? hmmm
just got off wrk  i'm poooooped lol sleeepy time shee comes  smile 
u can dance if u want to  smile 
"i wanna be in a movie, let's make one  smile "
u got a friend in me  smile 
time to catch some shut eye  smile  tmmrw should be good ill be crossin my toes it is haha
i'm already home
jogggin like a robot
can't sleep txt me
i'm done
"people change, but the heart remains the same, even through the pain  -<propfirst>"
"at taco hell, tmmrw motm2 yessss"
i got it!  laugh 
morning world
"this is our journey into the horizon, \you can see past\ if its real to you\ we can meet on the otherside \the otherside  "
"these worries r heavy, they rest on my shoulders, my pride it wont let me fall victom no more  "
i need to thinks some things through
what i need hates me  what i need hates me    all alongg
so goodnight  time to drift into my dreams and try to get a good sleep  its been difficult lately   
"its gonna be okay  trust me, its gonna be okay   "
writing a script is hard lol
shades on my eyes makes the creepers look back at themselves
"i'm just a dreamer turn true to life leaner, born to do good so my list can be believers  smile "
i dream reality is my dream 
"ain't no question if i want it i need it, i can feel it slowly drifting away from me  "
"i think my relationship status has said \single\"" for tooooo long"""
now that thanksgiving break is over time to jump back into my diet
well im off on the adventure   smile 
dirty dirty girls = shower plz  smile 
almost donee i'm concluding the script tryin to go out big  smile 
time to find the hero within
i finished rough draft of script! yesss
i want some brownies!
"remember yousre not strange, nut you are not the same mane"
"my brother told me a long time ago, focus on who ur tryin to be and focus on where u wanna go "
good day  smile 
"these voices they tell me go, why should i ever go, man i'm so comfortable here, why should i head to a place where people live in fear"
"got a haircut    a bit tooo short  annoyed  ohh welll, it'll grow"
idk what to do today?
pretty bored just chillin listening to cudi 
im me i need some  friendly therapy
bored hit me up yo
it isnt too late to do something i need something to do! haha
had a good night last night for the most part
today was pretty lame tmmrw should be better i hope
in my mind sounds like ooooooh!  smile 
back at school    i'm tired
just alot to think bout now  
just got done shaving i have a baby face again lol
im sooo hungry!!!!  annoyed 
"we are who we choose to be, now choose"
lets make weekend plans!  smile 
2012  smile 
<propfemale> i cant sleep u should im or txt me 
i feel weird today
i wanna be a hero lol save the day or sumthin  smile 
great day! feels like i had my eyes open  
bored someone should txt me
it's about falling  
"facebook hi i'm <propfirst>, umm i don't like your face  you should do something about that "
"life is a road, like any road there are bumps and curves  traffic, and accidents  life is a road filled with lots of different people finding their way and trying to get to where they wanna go  sometimes people run out of gas and sometimes others help out to jump your car  life is a road   long or short you'll eventually find your way  smile  -<propfirst>"
holy crap its already friday!!! whooooo! great week  smile 
so i got alot on my mind its a good and bad thing lol
facebook im bored
its late but im going to serenade myself with my guitar anyways  smile 
"you see things and you say, why?' but i dream things that never were; and i say, 'why not  smile "
texting people is fun     when they text back!!! lol txt me  smile 
goodnight facebook people
"dubstep, you have made my day thank you  smile "
i want some food a burger or something  smile 
need to get my drink oon 
i need money for lots of reasons  non of em r selfish i promice  donations would be nice tho
i want a new acoustic
if you don't make mistakes  then you aren't really trying 
