06e29c8e2410ce990f2531672a001018
had good south indian food for diwali!!! thanks to priya and sridhar for hosting the dinner party with american fireworks!!! it was gr8 to see tamil families after 3months!!! thank you kudos for the fun and enjoyment!!! it was a gr8 day!!!
stressed out with assignments and projects   jus 2 more weeks to go!!!
getting too stressed with review papers     
jus one more day to go!!!!!!!
i am done with the presentation!!!!
i am done with the presentation and the professor liked it!!!!
what a frozing thanksgiving day!!!!
"thank you to all those who said i can`t do it, you made me do it!!! thank you to all those who said you will get it, you inspired me!!! thank you for those who supported me and was by my side - my friends!!!! you were the biggest treasure of my life!!!!"
finally i am done with my exams!!!!!! fall semester ends!!!! vacation started  smile 
i am busy packing!!!!
i am busy packing!!bu-bye to florida!!!
i'm busy packing!!bu-bye florida!!! welcome texas!!!
reached <propmale>!!!!
i am starving in cold now!!!
started my work!!!! killing and dissecting  smile 
thanks to <propfirst> and okla for a great international meal!!!!
happy republic day!!!!
ice storm!!!
missing my graduation day  sad   sad 
those svceians attending convocation have a great and wonderful time!!!
spring break is over and yet again in lab!!!!
24 hrs per day!!! can`t i have some more  sad 
iniyya puthandu nallu vazthukal!!!
looking forward for may 5!!!
st  <propfirst>!!!!
missing home  sad   sad 
20 more days to go to start my work  sad 
hoping something good would turn up on my way!!!!
had a perfect dinner with lots of intellectual talks  smile  and gossips!!! perfect weekend!!! thanks to <propfirst> and <propmale>  smile 
dnd till june 22
"oops what a long wait than usual!!! after 19 months 6 days i am finally gonna meet my nephew mr  nitin, the small little big boss of my family for the first time!!!! a perfect example of minority rule is nitin in my house  getting excited for my trip  smile   smile "
home sweet home  smile   smile 
happy friendship day!!!!
puriyatha puthir!!!!
"frame every so-called disaster with these words 'in five years, will this matter?'"
happy independence day!!!
"however, good or bad a situation is, it will change"
yipee!!!! i got results  smile  done with my first e playful t  smile 
"inspite of calling you guys at 6pm for 7pm party, you all made it  thank you so much sriram, jingjing, fengying, <propfemale> and guru for making my day special "
missing home badly  sad  wish i could be in bangalore this week  sad 
force makes you do things even though you hate to do it    there is no other option left rather than doing it uninterestedly   
excited!!!!!!!!
"excited, thrilled and desperate  all at same time"
enthiran awesome movie!!!! rajni classical role  chumma athirudulla  smile 
"8am-12am  sad  16hrs of work  sad  3 e playful ts in one day which dragged as 6 e playful ts    still thinking hard will i get results, good results??????????????"
"if you want to master the <propmale> of <propfemale>, calmness, persistence, persevarance, self-confidence, ambitious, tough-doer, 'dont give up attitude' do research  smile "
do any of you know how to do reduction and alkylation for ingel digestion of proteins in sds <propfemale> for mass spec????
"they say true friends go long periods of time widout spking n never question their friendship these friends pick up like they jus spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far they live they understand life is busy but u will always love them special dedication - lg, vidya, vaish, aarthi, agalya periasamy, jaysh, gokul, jaya, khush  smile  very special dedication deepu"
"if you never failed, you never lived!!!!"
"had an awesome time n hogs!!!!!thanks to dr  jingjing we had a beer party for her successful completion of degree   after a long time, i had a great time together with my professors and their families   long waited get together  smile  i got really good compliments from my professor wives   blless in disguise  smile "
wish you all happy and safe diwali!!!!
thanks to all those innocent souls whom i have been torturing for past 1 month   your suggestions were valuable!!! with all twists and turns i figured out what went wrong!!!!
children`s day!!!!
"the people who make a difference in your life are not the ones with the most credentials, the most money, or the most awards  they are the ones that care "
snow started so soon!!!!!
thanksgiving at dr kuenzel`s home   yet another awesome dinner
"sick for past 4 days!!!! miss dr mathew`s rough nd tough injections which cures me in a day   you dont need an appointment nor you dont have to be patient for hours together to meet him   alas!!! here you have money, have <propfemale> but still no doctor to treat you atleast for one hour   shots which they gave me took 1 whole day to have its effect   india is a heavenly paradise on earth"
final week!!!!!
phew!!!! done with biochem  smile  done with semester  smile 
"jus in love with lyrics  smile   too good to listen n kamal`s voice  smile \yedhedho dhesnangalai, serkinra nesandaanai\nee paadhi naan paadhiyaay\korkinra paasandanai\kaadhal enru persuttiye\kaalam thandha sondham idhu"
finally!!!!!
done with imaging of 400 slides  smile  time to rest  smile 
happy new year!!!!!
back to work!!!!
when i was young i thought that people at the top really understood what the hell was happening…now i know they don't know
happy pongal!!!!
"sharing from a friend's wall - \\kids with special needs aren't 'sick' or 'gross'  they only want what everyone wants-to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at lease 1 hour? this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are    faced with it!!"
missing my mom and dad  sad   sad 
<propfemale> 61st republic day!!!! jai hind!!!!!
immunocytochemistry drives me crazy  sad 
wedding annniversary wishes to amma and appa
confused!!!
"'the first people had the questions, and they were free  the second people had answers, and they became enslaved ' suits well for grad students  sad "
"? playing todays happenings  ?? pause 11am ? stop the pain \?? rewinding the moments    thanks to my wonderful friends who are with me always and forever   "
my silence means you are not worth the argument
home alone!!!!!
stressed out!!!
hoping that spring break will give some break in my research
wooooooooooowwwwwwww
"\it was for tendulkar  we did it!\"" yuvi  smile """
