a8bec9b13113a4d646ef852fa1667277
says dropkik mur[hys is amazing
is feeling dirty
is officially done with hartland tomorrow
is awfully thirsty
my head wont leave my head alone
there are no pacts between lions and men
"half of the time were gone but we dont know where, and we dont know here "
apparently o a r  is frat boy music
is up way past his bedtime because <propfirst> kerouac is a drunk that doesn't make any sense
is sleeping early
cant wait till 2012 so indiana jones 5 will be out
doesn't ever wanna see a commercial for the fourth kind again
<propmale> bear is so short that he can bungee jump off a curb
the bucks blew it? im suprised
i need to write a paper proving god exists   by tonite
http annoyed  lowposts com wp-content uploads 2009 09 mason jpg
can't believe that we would lie in our graves wondering if we had spent our living days well
my friends say im crazy and i agree
is wearing v necks every day this week in protest to budweiser  yay miller
is nervious?
has an industrial sized spider creeping around my room
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone
cant sleep
needs to grow a pair
once had an awkward moment just to see how it feels
snow is overrated
"haha \i'm one of those people you hate because of genetics  it is the truth \"" - <propmale> pitt"""
uwm sucks
loves logical fallacies 
doesnt know who thought saturday exams was a legit idea
4 days until vegas
it really needs to stop snowing and start warming up
native american history    culteral diversity requirements  
back on the fb
free zoo day tomorrow
cant wait to see torsten nieminen on friday!!!!
wants to do some hood rat thangs with my friends
big weekend
has an earring now
exam today
haha why do people make a holiday out of something they do everyday?
hey my friend it seems your eyes are troubled care to share your time with me?
brewers game tonite!
<propfirst> salmons - light it up light it up whos gonna win it? - the bucks the bucks
needs to get work done this week
out of booze now i'm forced to live for days on nothing but food and water 
haircuts tomorrow 
only 57 days til summerfest!
milwaukee bucks
the bucks are getting a lot of love on espn   it's a good thing 
haha tornados  
gettin my tan on haha
is potentially a <propfemale> eagle now
grilled tofu annoyed egit
has a headache from the night before
happy mothers day <propfemale> and all
what kind of movie should i watch?
wishes these last 5 pages would write themselves 
writing papers listening to cat stevens
has been awake since i woke up yesterday
"it's not time to make a change, just relax, take it easy,\your still young, that's your fault, there's so mutch you have to know,\find a girl, settle down, if you like you can marry,\look at me, i am old, but i am happy"
day to relax and take it easy
"oh baby baby its a wild world, its hard to get by just on a smile"
is watching dmb live at central park
isn't afraid to show my femine side   if i had one  haha
leaving for las vegas today
back to milw tonite   psshhht
run
<propmale>
twas a good nite  work tomorrow 
milw this weekend
<propfemale> today  neenah tomorrow
in appleton all day
playing cards with the family   don't judge
http annoyed  www flipcollective com 2010 05 19 fletch-or-the-greatest-movie-ever-made-by-mick-shaffer 
my room is making ridiculous noises   this sucks
fletch and fletch lives marathon this weekend?
only thing that can cure a sun burn is more sun
going to see the a team with the pops 
9 days til o a r  really exciting 
holy storms batman
watching usa at work
just pulled his shirt over his head and slid thru my bosses office!
brewer game tonite 
cypress hill was cool
<propfemale> was incredible 
"on thursday, house speaker <propfemale> pelosi said unemployment checks create \jobs faster than almost any other initiative you can name \"" we are not making this up  this is what passes for economic wisdom in the democratic party """
o a r  was awesome
is going to summerfest tonite
i love fireworks 
needs to be much more patient 
let's get lebron out of the central division
is not just a little excited  i'm like super excited 
is finally in the green after a crazy end of the week last week 
getting a haircut later
inception 
can slim
interview this morning 
no tv  no internet  and i don't know how to read  what else is there going on in milw tonite?
run
bball
is bored
needs a fake i d  to get into the rec
gets to wear the monkey suit in the morning
back in milwaukee  what's going on tonite?
hookah?
insurance class 8-5
last day of class
nap
8am for the entire week 
just passed both insurance exams  good thing i spent all that time studying on the bus ride to the testing center haha
diversification is a crutch for the incompetent 
just figured out if you write your facebook password in comments it shows up as stars  ******** haha  cool 
go pack go
is deep in the ghetto getting my keys
is watching the godfather for the first time ever
is anybody gonna see wall street: money never sleeps on friday?
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rxe8pfksoic
"you may say i'm a dreamer  \but i'm not "
done at noon 
stays fresh like he's wrapped in plastic 
study
about time for a haircut 
celebrated <propmale> day by walking in to a strangers house and telling them i live there now yesterday
exam at 3 then what?
long night ahead of me 
loves to wake up before the sun rises 
nba tonight  all the excitement about the heat will let the bucks sneak in and steal the eastern conference championship 
so is it winter now?
gonna do some mad smanging tonight 
about time that it's november
is going to try to implement a polyphasic sleep schedule  it seems legit 
<propfemale> trek
ran into <propfirst> bogut outside the pfister today  he said hi  it's really not that big of a deal tho because we <propfemale> out on the reg 
wow it's cold outside
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uapowrkj1cw
both of my classes were canceled today
only 202 days 18 hours and 30 minutes until summerfest!
don't reach for the stars because you will just look like an idiot 
ragu + franks red hot = salsa?
who wants to spend the winter break in a state of constant inebriation?
i am up north so if you need to contact me use facebook or email 
<propmale> 
vegas
