bf3248bf787f93035481a37a241bef46
"just thinking, if i have to be super careful with and afraid of what i publish to the internet, then maybe i just need to not be using the internet at all   and to <propfemale> this further, perhaps i should just give up on life altogether, since i should probab"
"ok, got word from my orthopedist, surgury on my right achelles tendon next month on the 23rd   they tell me to e playful ect a 12 week recovery "
"so, now i'll have time to work on my kittä project, my worry website project and to perhaps write and publish some short stories "
"i am so frustrated with folks who use their feet to flush the commode   i mean , come on, other people are touching that handle (note the word, handle)!  and, hey, if one were supposed to use his her feet, then the flushing trigger would be called a \pede"""
is it really against the law for a desperate woman to use a public men's room?  really?
"just lost my little nokia internet tablet   i'm hoping that it's at a friend's house, and she just couldn't find it in her car or around because it's the middle of the night   not sure where i'll find another one "
"yea! the lost has been found!  my little nokia was in my friends car, on the dashboard, of all places   she looked everywhere else, but didn't think to look there   i told her that i would have done the same thing she did   she got in her car to go to wor"
"yeah, robot-name app not working for me today   ah well   "
13 days and counting   
9 days and counting   
"ok, thinking four things right now:  wonder if north gate mall has a rolli-chair i can use to watch the gi <propfirst> movie (the doctor is destro?!); does the state fairgrounds have a rolli-chair i can use to attend the bmse playful o at the end of august; could reserv"
make that comic con 2011   and i need to remember to look into animazement for my sister and my neice 
"yep, hot day hot night, thermostat has gone out   oh joy   hopefully, it's only a thermostat problem or something else equally ine playful ensive "
"good news!  i'm too short to see the display on the thermostat!  ac comes on, i'm concerned, so i make my way out to the themostat in the hall, and, still nothing on display   so i get up, and lo and behold!  the display magically appears!  now, if that's"
"<propfirst> just took down an old dead tree, all by himself,  because the next door neighbour said that it was worrying him   he's afraid it will fall on his cars   i was worried that <propfirst> would get hurt felling the tree, so i'm sittimg out here to at least be"
and i feel so useless just sitting here with my leg in it's ridgid splint 
"in my (somewhat limited) study of the patent process, i have come to the conclusion that applying for a patent will be more complicated and much more e playful ensisve than i at first realized   oy "
"had heard about this around the fringes, but i just read about it, and, true, <propfirst> vick has signed with the philly eagles; and now, i have no respect for that team   booooo!"
"saw gi <propfirst> saturday, and it was absolutely great!  don't know what silly critics are looking for   saw district 9, too, and it was great, but in an intellectual way   looked like everything was done wrong, right be the <propfirst>, and that everything that could possibly go wrong, did so, in the absolutely worst way   let's hope any similar first contact scenario happens in the us or in canada "
"i had an idea come to me when i couldn’t get to sleep night before last   it has to do with what i am calling binary options   for example, all or nothing, or feast or famine   both of these represent the basic binary 1 or o   the natural world lives in a binary option mode, as in the afore mentioned feast or famine, at least with carnivores   this is a survival positive trait   (to be continued)"
"a contiunation of yesterday's musings:   now i'm thinking about how the asian concept of yin <propfemale> could be seen as a binary option   and the stress of that concept seems to be to achieve balance between the <propfemale> and the <propfemale>   so, it seems that could be a response to the binary option, in general   we find balance between feast famine (enough) and all nothing (something)   between on off could be ready "
"looking for a place to host my first party for partylite products   i'm signing up, but have no where to go at this time   any volunteers?"
"just want to let all you people know that i will be holding my opening business partylite party this saturday, october 24, at 3 playful m   ya'll invited to come!"
"just heard more knews about little shaniya <propmale>' murder   even though i had figured out that she had been raped and killed, it just did not hit home to me until tonight   i was the same age when i was molested (several times)   that could have been me   sorry to dump all this on you guys, but i don't have anywhere else tonight   i just started crying and i can't stop   thanks for being here "
"ok!  i have a space at the nc state fairgrounds flea market for both partylite e playful osure, and bookloop selling   i'll be in lot 220 friday!  ya'll come visit!"
"it's 41 degrees out there, according to wral, and i'm on my way out!  hope to see some of you there!"
"please please please!  will any of my friends host a partylite party for me?  please, pretty please with sugar, whipped cream and a <propfemale> on top?"
just became a fan of the cthulu <propfemale>   just couldn't resist 
i have good news and bad news   the bad news is that i am going to lose my <propfemale> <propfemale> of nearly 14 years on monday due to a mouth tumor that has been very aggressive   the good news is that i will be giving a home to a new <propfemale> (a tuxedo <propfemale>) who is 12 years old and would probably otherwise have no forever home 
"well, the sacred deed is done and i have sent <propfemale> down the rainbow bridge to her next step   i really miss her "
"i now have a new <propfemale>, his name is tux! he's 10 years old and is now in his forever home!"
"ok, tux wants to know if anybody out there knows anybody who has a car for sale cheap, so that his new humans can give him more car rides   he says that he so enjoyed his ride saturday that he wants to go on another, in a different vehicle than the pickup "
"husband week: if you have a husband who makes \life interesting, who's been with you through thick and thin, and been a\blessing in your life, to whom you are proud to be married- copy and \paste this to your status with the date you were married- 2000"
