dc29e02e94ebca4b868ce227fb591cf1
wow  i had no idea that cof dropped so much  colorado was already one of the lowest states for funding higher education  i wouldn't be surprised now if it is the lowest 
just gotta put your mind to it 
hoping that i'm not making a mistake by going to boulder  i'm starting to wonder if going the nursing route would have been more practical 
"has read through the last two <propmale> potter books again, and is content to watch the movie now  woot!"
"we got a wii! i'm playing <propmale> potter, and it sooths my inner nerd "
a love hate relationship with school makes things complicated   
had a bad dream  sad 
things will get into gear soon    can't wait to get out of this funk  summer has been a bust 
moving into the dorm tomorrow  wish i could see the meteor shower tonight 
hot and bored  nothing to do with no car and nobody on campus  thank goodness for cable in the dorm!
the madness is about to begin!
"sticking my head out of my shell, hoping it doesn't get cut off"
"cool quote in my religion textbook: \ [some believe] science too is an imaginitive interpretation of the world based on faith; faith in the intelligibility of the world\"""""
it's a small world
anatomy lab has my brain hurting
"it's perfect outside, i finished a decent paper and i understood physics  it's a good day  smile "
anatomy lab practical = weekend full of all nighters
get to work with the cadaver for the first time today! should be interesting 
"my sleep cycle is topsy-turvy  i've been staying up all night and have been more awake at 4am the last couple weeks than i am in the afternoon  due to procastination? yes    that, and not being able to concentrate before 10pm doesn't help either  gotta get better habits  suggestions anyone?"
touched the cadaver today    it was cold  excited about the choices i get to make in the next few years regarding my future 
ugh i don't wanna!
rockstar = my new best friend
i have a feeling this lab practical isn't going to go well    studying my ass off but i don't think it's good enough
half way through the semester! and the movie paranormal is awesome  first  scary movie where i actually got scared!
"is, unfortunately, becoming dependent on caffeine  told myself i would never drink coffee, but alas, it's unavoidable  bleh x_x"
who kicks ass at anatomy? i kick ass at anatomy!!!!!!!
feels pessimistic
"having a hard time studying on a saturday night  can't seem to stay awake? ugh, so much to do before fall break, and i get to spend that writing my research paper at work  yippie!  surprise "
i should have paid more attention during lab  that didn't go well
i feel like my <propfemale> is way too sensitive  getting back at me for taking a night off from homework after 2 tests in a row? really? most other people don't get bad <propfemale> for that   sad 
just need to make it through thursday!
go brain go!
2 more weeks and then finals! now if only i can get my brain to restart after being lazy all week   
"i will be completly honest for 24 hours (until midnight tomorrow) you can ask me one question (only in my inbox) any question no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what kinda questions you get  "
"9 news is incorrectly (i hope) reporting a current temperature of -75 degrees  if i were outside right now, i bet i would believe it "
only finals left to go  too bad i have one saturday night 
"woke up late today, so i'm studying at super speed and i'm wiiiiired"
one final left  now if only it wasn't physics   
time to get my sleep on!
the laziness of break has fogged up my brain!
i start volunteering tomorrow! nervous and excited about it 
rip <propfemale>  sad 
to believe with certainty we must begin by doubting 
this week is just crawling along   
my physiology professor is going to drive me crazy 
this semester has made me lazy  classes are boring and only half of them have graded homework  i'm finding that it's harder for me to pace myself than i thought 
weekends are way too short! thank goodness i'm making myself a long weekend next week  smile 
there are days when i worry about my generation 
"i'm worried that i won't live up to the e playful ectations and goals that i have for myself  will all of the extra school and waiting really be worth it, or will it tear me down?"
rockin out to jesus christ superstar!
"don't get me wrong, having late classes this semester has been awesome  but this whole staying-up-until-5am-just-because-i-know-i-can-pull-it-off thing has become a little ridiculous "
5 more weeks! bring it!
i have been completely unproductive the last 2 days  back from spring break + nice weather = no focus 
it's going to be an insane 2 weeks   
don't have as much to do this weekend as i thought  stuck in boulder and trying to kill time 
bored out of my mind!
1 week! i am so ready to be done and get out of here!
"classes are done! just need to get into gear for my physics and physiology finals tomorrow and all the hard stuff is done! (still have psychology, but it's so easy it doesn't count) "
finals on a saturday should be a crime
summer is here!!!
"did pretty well this last semester  all a's  (some where a-, but why spoil the fun?)"
working my first overnight shift of the summer  it's gonna be a long one! i work 8 hours tonight and then right after i have 8 hours of training  i'll be tired driving home lol 
backstreet boys concert on june 22nd! who knew?? drove past the sign on 36 and had to check it out  who wants to be old school with me and go? we can pretend that we're 10 years old again  anyone???
bought my first pair of scrubs!  laugh 
"wow, that was a really powerful dream "
"haha, going to bed at noon to sleep the rest of the day so i can work through the night! it's a little disorienting, but i'm just glad that i have a job this summer  goodnight  playful "
so many possibilities to prepare for so i'm not stuck after graduation in a couple of years   
busy busy <propfemale>
ac is broken again  so   hot   !
"had first day of clinicals for my cna class today  now i'm working  ac got fixed, but at the e playful ense of what little time i had to sleep  needless to say i'm tired and my energy drink won't last the night  starbucks anyone?"
just get through the next few days and then sleep here i come!
summer makes me feel like such a bum  there's all these commercials to start a career college that air on tv during the day and i have to keep reminding myslef that i am in college  i gues that means i'm ready for school to start    ugh
"oh, chaos that is the school year, how i've missed you "
i'm officially a cna!
"other than spraining my foot walking to class, today wasn't too bad  interesting start to the year   "
is anybody else having a problem with their phone randomly shutting off? my alarm not going off made me late for work this morning  sad 
when i go to my moms and my cat falls asleep in my lap i always doze off too  i miss my kitties 
"wow, i feel like i'm really busy between school, working overnight 3 nights a week and volunteering  i thought i would try to look for a second job as a cna but i'm afraid i'll burn out if i work weekends all the time  <propmale> kudos to those who go to school working full time and or have kids  i don't know if i could do that "
hm    some food for thought  if i drop my history minor (4 classes left to finish it) i could graduate a semester early  anybody have some advice?
"and the midterm craze begins! 3 weeks with tests, one week off  wash and repeat until finals  feeling the pressure   "
what do you mean that the last two days were the weekend?!?! i never noticed between studying and working  oh well  next weekend will be better 
"shoot  i didn't leave enough time to study for my history test tomorrow  i got lured in by the false sense that because it's the end of the week that i can mess around  oh well, gotta get to it "
interesting moment of the day: got complimented on my hair by a gay guy  why this is awesome: compliment from gay > compliment from girl   laugh 
"to whoever looks over my shoulder, thank you "
whoah    the enrollment date i was given to register for classes made me realize that next semester i'll *technically* be a senior in college  my mind just e playful loded a little bit 
i won't be able to catch the meteor shower this year!  sad  the next two nights i need to study and the last one i'll be working  maybe next time   
have i finally figured it out?
"i always tell myself that i will be productive on fridays, but i never am "
i gotta break through this mid-semester focus problem    one thing at a time 
i can't wait for this semester to be over 
"i wish i could stop being such a worry wart and just chill, but i'm afraid that if i don't figure things out now, in the future i'll think \if only i had done that i could be where i want to be\"" """
snow!! pro: i now have an excuse to drink hot chocolate in the morning  con: the commute  i live 30 <propfemale> away from school on a good day    can't imagine what it'll be like with bad weather
"ok    get through these two tests, get through my 2 papers totaling 19 pgs that i have to write over break (hey, i'm a science <propmale>  not exactly my forte, ok?) and then my finals (one of them on a saturday   again)  and then i'm done  when this semester ends, i will be happy "
"to be productive or to not be productive, that is the question "
"i can either park where i get a ticket or where i risk getting towed  i could park at a meter but that also has a time limit  i'm only working for a few hours  seriously boulder, give me a break "
almost done    but so much to do before it's over  18 days and counting 
"i'm having the hardest time getting my butt in gear to write this paper  on a side note, which of these two classes should i take? (they're both offered at the same time so i have to pick one and they're both interesting to me) islam    or sleep physiology?"
success!! 14 <propfemale> research paper is done  i'm so glad that ordeal is over 
i'm officially a double <propmale>!!!!
"i have a final on saturday    what? oh, i guess that means i have to focus and start studying  ok brain, wake up! brain    are you there? uh oh   "
it's finally over!!! looking forward to next semester 
crazy dream last night  wrote it down so i wouldn't forget it 
stupid parking ticket  sad 
brrrrrr!!!!
academic identity crisis  must have changed my mind a dozen times today 
wow the traffic in boulder (and <propmale>) is insane  it was a maze of stuck cars    took me 2 hours to get home  drive safe everyone!
"ugh, wtf is going on with my car? i have to move in a few days    couldn't you have waited a week to start this crap?"
i didn't realize that having no internet at home for a week would be such a pain in the butt   
how is it that after drinking a cup coffee i'm still tired?
"i used to be so sure about what i'm doing, now i feel like i have no idea "
ahhh! what do i want to do?? graduate early or double <propmale>? i can't make up my mind!!!!!!!
