39e041aa812006a555555a34440f3bd4
stupid ass guys in purple won!!!! but they won't get past my saints!!!! yea thats right!!!!!!
my fine is 330 00
just chillin waitin for my po to finally get here so he can leave five mins later    gawd i can't wait till all this bs is over with!!!
saints beat the purple fags!!!!!! no super bowl for farve!!! haha sucka!!!!  smile 
i am as of today     no longer on probation!!!!!! no more seein my damn po!!!!!!  woot!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
how about this here snow we're gettin?!?!? isn't it oh so beautiful????  smile  god i can't wait till all this crap is over with!
u s plays canada in hockey tonight!!!!! who's gonna win!!! usa     usa   usa!!!!!
"alright here's a question for everyone who reads this    how hell can u say u love someone and not even 5 mins later break up with that very same person, u just told u loved????? i dunno about the rest of u, but that seems like bullshit to me    "
"its offical people!!! i <propmale> t  case finally hit a homerun tonight!!! yea, thats right    i said it    i hit a homerun!!!!!!!"
can't help but wonder sometime   am i not good enough?
had some wicked fun lastnight!!!! kickball was f*kin sweet with <propfirst>'s clutch kick to win it for us against some bs team that wasn't playin fair and at the bar till bar close was super fun!!!! whos up for round 2!?!?!?!?!
got whiteboy wasted again lastnight with my oh so awesome peeps at the bar and now have a f*ckin hangover!!!!!!
"i hope the jets beat them viqueens!!!! yea, i said it    vi-queens!!!! go jets    go!!!!!"
jets ftw!!!!!!!
zombieland is a kickass movie!!!! thank you   that is all     smile 
my team is beatin western michigan!!! go notre dame!!!!!! go!!!!!
"u just gotta love ppl that hate on u   ur name is always in their mouth just so they can feel better about themselves  so i say hate on haters, ur only makin urself look like a complete fool!!!!  smile "
haha!!! to all u biqueens fans!!!!!!! how did u like that pass to bishop that <propmale> threw?!?!?!  smile 
wtg packers!!!!!!!! the packers won!!!! woot woot woot!!!!!
there's that one person that i wish i could be with   
"well today is a day i might live to regret     im letting my little sister draw blood from me for her hemotology class and not only does she get to do it, but i have to let one of her classmates do the samething   oh boy what the hell did i get myself into?!?!?"
don't be afraid to tell your crush you like them because you will only regret it
all alone and sitting here wondering if it will ever be clear  the path i take may be my own but i really don't want to do it alone
"here is ur <propmale>, send any question 2 my inbox  questions sent will only get the truth  u don't have to repost this, to get an answer  r u brave enough 2 ask??"
"let's\see how forthcoming my facebook friends are    and if they're paying \attention  leave a one word comment that u think best describes me \using the third letter of your first name  no repeats  then copy and \paste to your wall so i can leave a word about you! (if you can handle \         that?)see more"
"i wish i could find a girl that isn't like all the rest  someone who will love me no matter what, who won't lie to me, and someone who wont cheat on me  i wish there was such a girl "
"fearless: it doesn't mean not being afraid of anything  to me, it means being afraid and doing it anyway "
"if you are reading this; you are beautiful, in some way or some form  smile and let the world see just how beautiful a person you are "
everyone has a song that reminds them of someone  what song makes you think of me?
"im not gonna call anyone out on fb, but certain ppl need to keep my family's name out of their fuckin mouth!!! talk shit about someone in my family and it won't be <propfemale> knockin on ur door, it will be me kickin ur door down beatin ur ass and u know who u are!!!"
i love my family! we're so dysfunctional and it's always entertaining!
"special needs kids are not sick, gross or stupid  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way "
lastnight was super baller at grs
is thinking about the people who walked into my life and made it better               thanks!   wink 
i'm not broken  i'm just a puzzle waiting to be put together by the right person 
i can do bad all by myself its just funner when somebody else is involved 
"always hears \ur cute\"" and \""ur so sweet\"" so what i'm good enough to be your friend but  nothing more? be honest for once and tell me whats wrong w  me   """
inbox only: 2010 is almost over!! confess something you've always wanted to tell me (100% private) put this as your status you might be surprised!
notre dame wins the sun bowl!!!!! yea thats right     go <propfemale>!!!! go!!!!
sometimes i am blinded by my own awesomeness lol
the pack goin to the super bowl!!!!!!!!!!!
bears still suck!!!!!!!! bears still suck!!!!!!!
"just remember all u bear fans      u can still watch the super bowl on tv, so its kinda like ur there!!!"
"describe me in the first word that comes to your head in a comment, ready, set, go!!"
"how can i feel so alone and yet i am surrounded by people? how can i have no one to talk to and yet i speak to people every day? i am here, but i am invisible "
"thank you everyone, i had a pretty damn good day on my bday and my pimp cup is totally freakin awesome!!!!!!! brotha booski over and out!!!!"
"i'm scared that i'm going to end up alone  i'm scared that i'm always going to be somebody's friend, or brother, or confident, never quite somebody's everything"
"if you saw me in the back seat of a cop car what do you think i'd have been arrested for?\ annoyed eave your answers below:"
lastnight was awesome as hell   1st kickball game of the spring season and we won 12-3!!!! now to tend to these sore as muscles of mine
o m g i realized today how important i am because obviously some people just cant keep my name out of their god damn mouths!! pathetic ain't it?!
"if life is like a box of chocolates, isn't it ironic that ex-lax is chocolate flavored "
"says, would you rather be the person bailing me out of jail or sitting next to me in jail saying \that was awesome! when should we do it again?\"""""
