58dd94210d2318ed4dcd6c407037b198
is taking a week long break from facebook     call or txt my cell
is off to kc for the weekend     yea  smile 
is so freakin glad to be home              love my fam but they drive me nuts!!!
is so sad that zach is leavin today to be gone for a month        sigh
"night #3 of working, just 2 more to go     i will survive!"
is gettin sleepy              
ho hum      wish i could sleep  sad 
is a freakin lobster and i hurt!!!
"sigh            im ready to have zach back, just 1 week left"
is it a full <propfemale>?
is sad that the weekend is over already  sad 
"thinks it doesn't seem like i had a whole week off, time flies, back to work tonight"
it always seems like one step forward but 2 steps back
~wishes time would slow down~
i finally really checked out youtube!!! its amazing what ppl post   
hopin zach kicks this resp crap soon   looking forward to a cough free night without waking up every hour!!!
is sooo tired       maybe i can get a nap in today  smile 
can't believe zach starts school again tommorrow
"i love my son, my home and my silly pets  smile "
anyone have legos that they have outgrown and are willing to part with?
"<propmale> is selling boy scout popcorn!!! if anyone wants to order some, let me know  smile "
rawr!!!! damn concrete truck and crew right outside my house   sometimes i wish i slept normal hours        sigh
"oh, how i wish i had the luxury of being a stay-at-home mom sometimes    "
"arrr, i feel so crappy   head is full, eyes watering like a hose, and my head is spinning at times      please go away   sad "
"is obsessing about christmas already    to those who have to put up with me until then, i apologize now  wink "
busy busy at work    
goin to start my xmas shopping in the morning!!!!!  how exciting!!!  laugh 
helped at the legion turkey dinner earlier and now our christmas tree is up & decorated      it's been a very good day  laugh 
wishes i didn't live on top of a hill  sad 
thanks for all the birthday wishes on f b  and by phone  laugh 
it's gonna be a white christmas!!!!   smile 
"i got a kindle wi-fi version for christmas   during the last few day, i have been having annoying troubles with it freezing up when turning pages   it then resets itself back to the beginning of the book  sad  has anyone else had issues like this with their kindle??"
does anyone know of someone who gives guitar lessons in this area? zach got a real guitar for xmas and wants to learn to play  laugh 
oh    (sigh)      how i wish i could sleep more than 2 hours at a time before waking up
thank goodness this weekend is almost over!  smile 
i think just 1 or 2 more days of painting the inside of my house and it will be done         thank goodness!
"ummm      where did friday go? ~ oh yeah, i slept it away       the joys of working night shift  annoyed "
how does one aquire so much shit in so little time?!?!?!?!!? ya don't realize it until your trying to box it all up   annoyed 
la la la laaaaaa             it should be a really good day!!!!  laugh 
had a wonderful weekend in kc!!!!  thanks to my family meeting up with us on sunday to a great end to it  smile 
happy mothers day!
can't sleep     should be packing or cleaning but im doing neither  annoyed 
"grrrr      while i was at work, my cat puked in my bed!!!  at least my couch is comfy  annoyed "
progress is wonderful!!! and <propfemale> days make it even better  laugh 
"down to a couch, a bed, tv, and clothes left in the house        moving to tarkio as soon as zach is finished with school next week   woo hoo  smile "
looking forward to being able to attend all of my son's events!!!! can't wait to start my 8 hour nites  smile 
"work, sleep, work, sleep     and the cycle continues"
wonderful 4th of july display at <propmale> and mom's!!!!
"finally gave in & started reading the twilight books yesterday evening     now on the 4th one, can't believe i waited this long!!!"
"time off was great!!! back to work tonight, thankful i have a job that i enjoy  smile "
"cannot stand liars       proverbs 19:5 a false witness will not go unpunished, and he who pours out lies will not go free "
"i've carried a child within my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed booboos, mended broken hearts, been puked & peed on, woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more  i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor or blessing  make this your status if you are proud to be a mom "
"started my christmas shopping yesterday!  smile   can't wait to put my tree up, oh how i love the christmas season     hurry up halloween!!!"
"plan to attend the \44th annual turkey dinner at the american legion, 201 n  3rd street in tarkio sunday, november 7th, 2010  11 a m  to 2 p m ,\deliveries to shut-ins in tarkio call 736-4411 before 10 on sunday  great food!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes!  smile 
rascal flatts concert was awesome!  somehow zach was able to take a nap in the middle of it   but he was awake by the finale!! lol
"do not have the really short, brown haired young gal at regis in st  <propfirst> cut your hair   she mutilated mine  sad "
wishes <propfemale> campbell did not like sugarland! blah!
"as time goes by, it gets easier and easier to see who is fake and who is real, what is important in your life and what isn't   god bless my family and friends"
"calgon take me away, far far away!!"
