2e7c0bcbf9e3052cbbb5ca9a4563801d
i laugh in the face of school! it's over! wooh summer!
rip mj & <propfemale> fawcett
watching x-men & being bored
if it's not love then it's the bomb that will bring us together
r i p <propfirst> hughes  annoyed 
"she says baby, it's 3 am i must be lonely "
"the sky was gold, it was <propfemale>, i was taking sips of it through my nose and i wish i could get back there somewhere smiling in the pictures we would take "
"\do you see the hat? i am mrs  nesbitt!\"""""
"books are currently the bane of my existence  specifically, blindness  i don't wanna readdd, or write quote journal things, agh  procrastination"
rip <propfirst> swayze  love  yet another casualty of the summer of death 
watching supernatural!
"swine flu, swine flu, have you ever been alone in a crowded room   fml i might have swine "
a haiku inspired by untimely illness: illness sucks hard i really hate being sick i wish i were not  annoyed 
"aw man, the spacing on my haiku failed"
happy halloween everyone!
"the <propfirst> theme is still stuck in my head, doo doo doo doo doo do!"
http annoyed  www lamebook com 
"ale-ale-jandro, ale-ale-jandroooo"
it was just another manic monday 
"oh noes, i have 300 pages of my book to read by monday! and a paper thing to write!"
"all of hooley's seniors, the skeletons are now due thursday!  laugh "
"\take me out tonight because i want to see people and i want to see life\"""""
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"\but now i've read some books and i've grown quite braveif i could just speak up i think i would say that there is no truththere is only you and what you make the truth\"""""
i'm siiiiick  sad 
"100 people have picked the wrong door within the past 3 hours, it's kind of fascinating "
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, i love you all!"
"decisions decisions, should i wear my ghostbusters costume to school tomorrow?"
happy halloween everyone! totally ready to bust some ghosts tonight!
"thank god, my schedule is all set!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"just got back from black friday adventure shopping  target was kinda chill, they hid various sales in random sections, scavenger hunt style  wal-mart was intense though!"
"my ride fell through, so i'm trapped at my house lol "
"my schedule tomorrow is: lol snow, hooray! btw  thank cheesus i don't have to play the waiting game with the ssu alert system again!"
"i'm writing the worst rough draft of my entire academic career right now, i don't even know what words are anymore tbh "
"watching spiderman, i forgot how much i actually loved the first one "
"ugh, this paper  crazy ballerinas ate my life, send help "
"i have a <propfemale> and a half left to go in writing this paper, agh, i'm falling asleep  annoyed "
"too legit to quit, watching <propfemale> on the bigscreen in an abandoned classroom with @<propfemale> leith! the gentlemen are coming by!"
loitering in the dining hall forever   or until 9 when i have class  if anyone is bored and would like to come visit me please do!
"somebody come find me in the dining hall, i don't have class until 1 smile 0!"
i am in love with <propfemale> <propfemale> smith
"i hate all my friends  for an example of why, see my last status "
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday, i'm practically ancient now!"
www nutsybolts com invite php 26667 come play apples to apples!
