4411bc082ad18bb71cf4ada1e50dcd16
all world leaders should watch avatar   and then into the wild 
making sidewalk chalk <propmale> heck yes
only my left shoulder got sunburned!!!  not like i'd want both   but now i just look like a freak!
i gots my wisdom teeth out  sad   pain meds rule
"every time i see your face, it makes me want to smile   every time i don't, it makes me want to cry   i just wanna be the girl who you can call baby and who you will love, forever, because i love you   i just twitter tmi'ed your ass!!!!!"
is officially a soccer mom
sleepyhead is the shit 
super tired
pentwater
you spin me right round ribbi right round
stranded in the canadian wilderness for 6 days ay
district 9 
grounded-ish
"ikea really takes the life out of you, except you get a bunch of cheap crap you don't need at the end of the day  smile "
i love <propfirst> <propfirst> and ribbi kleinschmidt long time
you spin me right round ribbi right round
painting foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
school  yay 
work  yay 
why is it monday?
 joyful 
"facebook chat really sucks, and it sucks that facebook says its spelling itself wrong "
"my sister gets a whole day off for going to skyline, i say     wtf?"
"i didn't mean to do the lover of the day twice, hahahahaaaa   but soooo worth it!"
i  love  <propfirst>
wants to see paranormal activity
i got two yahtzee rolls of 6's in a row!!
i'll miss the playgrounds and the animals and digging up worms
"it's funny when people say omg not like an acronym but like an actual word, like it sounds like ohhmg hehehe"
i want a grapple and sushi right now
happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy halloween  laugh 
when i was living in the wilderness
"the hours   weird movie, <propmale> and miri make a porno, cute and nasty at the same time haha"
i am super high on ribbi juice!!
hadley put green marker on her lips
i  love  when it's not cloudy during the cold months 
i think being a coffee person is becoming harder and harder to avoid   must be my old age 
"i am not a shark ribbie, you little bits!!!!!!"
"haha, \we need nine new <propfemale> tickets\"""""
"got my blood drawn, more sickening than painful "
cam is a bits
i  love  <propmale>
spendin too much with lexi   and <propmale>!
i'm going to do something this weekend 
i love passion pit 
dte energy e playful losion on stadium!!!???!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=fged8orqk0m
hoarders!
i see the future
when in god's name will a portable keyboard be made for iphones itouches!!!!????
the saints are comin
"pro leno!!!!!! whatever conan, go ahead and cry like 48 mil isn't enough for you!"
goooooooooo kalamazoo wings!!!!
thanks everyone for everything!!!
thanks everyone smile 
dang stupid phone!!!
its one-o bro!
bzzzzzzzzzzz
i wanna be a passion pit groupie 
i think we'll all still have our facebooks when we're old and wrinkly 
gosh dangit 
kentucky derby it up!
shake n' bake!  haha talledaga nights is funny
keep calm and <propfemale> on 
"went to church and met <propfemale> mcphee, what are the odds?"
i finally get that it's summer wooooo!!!!!
cannot sleep at all 
our world would really suck if we didn't have dogs 
i had a fun day  smile 
dang it all 
lost  rain  smash  <propfirst>  rain  tornado  rain  sleep  whole foods  starbucks  quality  showcase  chihuahuas  creepy yelling  headlight  home  sun  babysitting 
"spending time with a hoarder, a mathematician, <propmale>, college students, drunks and divorcees "
m  g  m  t  m  g  m  t  m  g  m  t !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
orientation   not so bad
"\and the christ! and the lord! and the christ! and the lord!\"""""
since when have fridays dragged on forever and ever?
"\come over and eat my face cake!!!!\"""""
got the crap slapped out of me today 
i'm lovin party island!!!
wanting me some quad right about now
omg! no idea that stieg larsson was dead before the trilogy was published!!!
how is it that one big dumb jerk can ruin my whole day? grrrr
worst headache ever!!!!
i just realized how entirely accident prone i really am 
supercalifragulistice playful ialidocious
can't stop setting up my computer
trying to wake up!!! (sigh)
true blood on tonight!!!  i'll still watch it even though last week's episode freaked me out a lil bit
trueblood: love hate relationship 
"\dogs are the coolest animal because they like to ride with their head out the window \"""""
shark week!!!
"if you don't say haha after most things you write on facebook chat, you seem angry "
i don't understand how people can be so legitimately mean to other people   we're all the effing same 
work!!!!!!!
you cut me real deep sprint
rock out
all along the western front
freedom!!!!!!!
beautiful day
career tests are the worst!!!
i'm living the dream!!!
oooooo i love getting invited to other people's vacations  smile   smile 
"dear umbrella, i'm coming for you "
best weekend
<propfemale> arbor this weekend
facebook can be so evil sometimes
"thanks a lot weatherman\my sinuses really appreciate it"
"oh my god <propfirst> <propfirst>, i  love  you for life"
sociology exam tomorrow + rha activites tonight = ahhhhhhhh!!!!!
<propfirst> city
like a g6   like a g6
i like it on the futon
shawt bus shawty shawt bus shawty
"super mash bros, thanks for making my saturday much much better"
meatheads have feelings too
i  love  mumford and sons
<propfemale> arbor here i cometh
ridiculous amount of happiness in my life right now   so content  smile 
"youth of america: grow up   \this is why i will never teach middle school or high school   because i would kill the evil kids   \oh well at least we'd be rid of em   "
come on internet    work with me
i need a sun lamp!
i love pretending to sound like i know exactly what i'm talking about
i  love  college
piano obsession at the moment
black eyed peas   everytime
friday!!!
why am i hearing crickets in november?  probably because nobody ever gets my jokes   
<propmale> potter <propmale> potter <propmale> potter
me gusta musica y <propfemale> <propmale>
just watched a freaky movie   not really wanting to sleep just yet
"\everyday i see my dream\"""""
i went to a party!!!
two more days!!!
???
to the zoo!
s-a-t-u-r-d-a-y--night!
speech speech speech
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!   joyful 
