c2c9adc6d90731575e561e6c1086f28d
"happy new year everyone! (a little early, but i'm getting off of here)"
i'm so glad the new site is done   finally i can relax a little!
is still excited to have made the biggest promise of his life so far to the most amazing girl on earth!  laugh 
finally didn't sleep for like 10 hours!
learning to make online stores is very very time consuming!
"is stuck in a hotel room, thanks to stupid drunk people at my house!  its going to be a great week   at least i have a cellphone here "
"has had a long last few days, but is finally \home\"" and probably isn't going to do anything tomorrow!"""
finally has a computer again!
"actually managed to get a few things done today, despite everything!"
happy father's day to all the dads out there!
is it finally going to storm?  that would be awesome 
mailing out his first <propfemale> payment today!  only 119 more to go for this <propfemale>        
today is the day 
"\check out what your favorite celebrities are saying on twitter right now!\""  make the spam stop!"""
trying to find out anything about my credit report score has made me lose all hope in humanity!  it's -that- annoying and stupid for something that's been made so important for every day life 
taking it easy for today 
is getting closer and closer to being done with writing his contract   i've learned quite a bit along the way though!
wants his internet to work correctly!
can't get to his request <propfemale>!
is finishing packing for his trip to ohio and kansas!  it should be fun!
"was actually able to sleep well last night, which is the first time ever in a hotel that i can remember!"
"is in st  peters, missouri, half a day and i'll finally be in wichita, kansas and able to see my wonderful girlfriend!  the wedding in ohio and seeing some more of my extended family was very fun too!"
"has the most amazing girlfriend in the world, and is having a lot of fun visiting!"
is still very happy and excited!
"is sad to be leaving his girlfriend, but had the greatest time ever!"
"is heading out for breakfast, then starting the car ride home!"
"is home, and more or less settled back in!  now to get back to work "
is excited!
"is glad my dog howls at the tornado sirens, or i would have never known they were going off!  let alone that it was even storming out!"
can't come up with any ideas!
is redoing his brand identity to try and get things going again!
     there's nothing like feeling uncomfortable in your own house!
is back home after an unplanned trip to escape drunk idiots   i must have done something pretty bad in a past life or something to deserve this lol 
got up really early this morning compared to what his schedule has been    it's actually pretty nice!
is back from the state fair for the 20th year in a row!
picked a good football game to watch after not really watching one for years 
hit a wall setting up e-commerce software     now to wait some more for support!
snowwwwwwww
"has so many things to do, but it should all lead to something pretty cool!"
wooo field goal miss!
is making progress!
the plus side of todays game is i learned about two new penalties i didn't even know existed     
setting up an online form is offically my least favorite thing to do!
"if change is good then i must be pretty good, since i keep changing everything! lol"
thank you to whoever finally didn't re-register dvorakdesigns com this year!
there's nothing more satisfying than learning something on your own!
happy thanksgiving!
snowwwwww!
"finally, a respectable amount of snow!"
is finally in the process of finding all of his old music again 
"i'm not sure what to think about the vikings game, it's a little sad almost lol "
"i should have gone to law school or something, trying to write a contract is way harder than learning anything i've had to with graphic design lol "
should be nice and busy tomorrow shoveling snow!  though for now it's bed time 
well   i did say i needed to start getting up earlier again  i just hadn't planned on 6am waking up to a snow blower lol 
6 hours of shoveling snow    and i'll probably have to do it all again tomorrow! i can't wait!
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!
"probably should have worked on the contract first, so everything else wasn't just sitting and collecting dust!"
contract is half done!     i think 
watching the vikings    we'll see if that's a good or a bad thing 
finally the game is getting a little better!
"other than the vikings losing, it was a good day!  time for bed though "
so close to being done with everything!  i can't wait!
is a proud supporter of his local library by forgetting to renew books online and getting late fees!
happy new year everyone!
has a busy day coming up tomorrow!
getting ready to go see about my taxes   lets hope for some good news!
so many football games makes it hard to work 
had an unproductive but relaxing day 
i need a more productive day tomorrow!
soooo many turnovers   other than that i had fun watching it 
"hmm, if you got a notification from me saying i posted something on your wall, but it wants to take you to an application   you can ignore it   not sure what that was, but it seemed pretty sketchy "
"i need to quit trying to work this late   it ends up being infinitely less productive than i want it to be, and then i'm just even more tired in the morning!"
"wooo, random new facebook <propfemale> lol!"
"the state refused my tax return because i was 17 cents short on postage  annoyed   i'm definitely claiming the stamps on the my tax return this year, that will teach them!"
why does my body insist on waking me up after only 4 hours of sleep? doesn't it know we'll both just be tired later?
the olympics are way too distracting 
"@<propfemale> companies: you can make getting deferment as hard as you want, but i will get it   even if i have to spend an amount equal to my <propfemale> totals in stamps and paper "
i need to focus this week!
"if i learned nothing else from mbc i at least learned how to write professional letters, which finally got me all my deferments "
no olympics on yet this morning? come on nbc! i can watch normal programming for the next 4 years lol 
slooooooow day   at least it's <propfemale> out though!
battlefield: bad company 2 is pretty awesome     though it's going to melt my video card lol 
"alright, i'm going to cave and write a formal business plan in hopes it will help give me more focus and some more leverage in getting what i need done "
"\i don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom \"" ~general <propfirst> s  patton"""
"i have to say, this is perfect weather for a bike ride   the only thing that would make it better is a <propfemale> bit of sun "
one day i'm going to invent a robot that does all of the tedious work of adding website security things for me   i just need to keep reminding myself that this is way less annoying than dealing with a hacked website 
"i finally try to branch out some more with my business and they set me up to charge me a bunch of fees   my words of wisdom from this: even if the contract is 15 pages long, sit there in front of them and read every last bit of it   even if you ask all the right questions, they have no problems lying to you apparently "
"from the time of this post on, if you are still receiving facebook game requests from my feed and you do not want to receive them, let me know and i will put you in the group i'm hiding from all such requests   same thing if you are no longer seeing them and want to, then i'll remove you from the group "
"i'm definitely heading down the right road, but man is it taking forever "
"is glad to witness some more history worthy events, even if i didn't have the mental capacity to follow it too closely "
"had a pretty good birthday, just relaxed the whole day, and then went to famous <propmale>'s for supper   which is pretty much a perfect birthday as far as i'm concerned!"
i still can't decide if me wanting to make everything perfect and to keep evolving things is good or bad  i can't help but feel like i'm shooting myself in the foot or going in circles sometimes!
"a very productive day, but it's already getting too hot in my room during the day   and it's not even that <propfemale> out right now!"
"aaaaaand, let the april fools jokes begin (30 mins or so late, but close enough)!  unfortunately i have nothing planned this year "
web forms are slowing me down again! hopefully these are the last complex ones i need to make for awhile 
"wooo, 8th place out of 30 in my first fake poker tournament! lol   "
now i understand why people get paranoid with buying thing's online    it seems my years of no problems with it is finally catching up to me 
"this headache needs to quit, it feels like my brain is trying to e playful lode but it can't quite make it through my skull    "
"i remade my businesses' facebook <propfemale> so i could be listed in a different category and be able to include more information on the <propfemale>, so i'd appreciate it a lot if everyone could rejoin and invite any of their friends who would be interested   thanks in advance!"
huge to-do list tomorrow   i better get to bed 
"definitely need a new cell phone, and this time no windows mobile  no matter how much they dress it up and pretend it's not really windows mobile    fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me "
"54gb of stuff to backup to mozy, i guess my computer is going to be on all night   at least i only have to do it all at the same time once "
so now facebook is making -another- <propfemale> i need to update for my business? i'm going to have to hire someone just to keep all these random <propfemale>s up to date 
perfect weather for yard work 
"lol only 1 day left on my mozy backups! i hate leaving my computer on 24 7, but it's going to have to go one more night "
two hours to backup my phone and reset it to how it was out of the factory   lets hope this helps 
trying out facebook mobile   even though i never go anywhere that i'd need to use it 
gloomy mondays are not good for motivation 
man do i hate calling random people on the phone 
so tired today      
it's <propfemale> out today!?
"so much work still this weekend, but it's going to be awesome "
"lets see if i remember how to use anything in indesign, it's been at least a year and a half lol "
how many times are my student loans going to change servicing companies? this is making them impossible to manage 
"this just wasn't a very good week, and i'm not entirely sure why    besides getting almost no work done anyway "
"finally get a job interview request, and it's for a bunch of stuff i don't even do lol "
"new futurama tonight, i can't wait!"
waking up earlier is so nice 
i work slow enough as it is   so two weeks worth of server problems is killing me!
"just setup a motion detection security camera for $20 (the price of the webcam)    it even sends the images it captures to my email automatically   i can't say i'll ever capture a burglar with it, but it made my inner nerd happy "
nine hour car ride here we come! i can't wait to get to kansas though!
"i'm having a ton of fun on my trip, i just wish it wasn't so close to being over!"
on the way home now  it's always difficult to leave!
lost a new pair of sunglasses in less than 24 hours  that's probably a sign i'm just not allowed to have sunglasses!
"we should be driving through some pretty nice storms in iowa and southern minnesota, unless the radio guy made them sound bigger than they were "
"it's nice to be home from my vacation visiting my girlfriend, and i had a lot of fun    but i feel like i've missed the past week with everything else!  it's a weird feeling "
time to catch up on all of my facebook games 
"195 emails is way too many, i should have done a better job of checking them during my vacation "
it's so hard getting back into my work routine after a vacation!
i'm going to invent computer fans that aren't so vicious 
only 71 emails left to check! that's pretty good progress from having almost 200 
here's to hoping i don't have to find a new website host   but these database problems are a pain 
"since all my website stuff is down and i'm waiting on tech support, i'm going to finish my 70 survey emails today     or at least that's my goal "
"finally made it to the \interview\"" step applying for a project on odesk!"""
i think my room is where all the dust in the world originates 
another day of lost productivity because of server problems   i think it's time to finally switch hosts   this is starting to make me mad 
"got a cool little electronic drawing tablet for $30 at the pawn shop yesterday, it's working very well, and came with all kinds of extra items and software  something tells me the pawn shop didn't do their research "
"if anyone has any old computers or similar electronics that they want to get rid of, i'd gladly take them for free and make sure they're properly scraped and recycled  just leave a comment or send me a message "
"everything is going great, but man am i tired right now "
"hmm, i didn't know this ebay thing was going to share -every- auction i posted     "
"first sale of the new business, turned in $80 worth of scrap steel "
"had a busy weekend, and will probably have an even busier week this week   i'm having fun though!"
wouldn't mind someone holding a monopoly in internet browsers   i hate making websites work in all of the ones out there now 
21st year in a row going to the state fair tomorrow 
"waking up at 5am, after getting enough sleep, is actually pretty nice "
still worn out today 
"do people really bid on, and win, auctions only to not pay on ebay now?  i've never had issues with it in the past   at least ebay has a nice system where the only thing i should lose is my time   but i mean come on "
found a mice nest inside of my lawn mower today while tuning it up    that could be why it wasn't running too well 
pretty nice day outside  the temperature is almost perfect 
"i think tomorrow, after finishing my room, it's time to take my day off "
<propmale> backlog of surveys left to take 
getting into a car accident ruins your plans for the day pretty quickly lol 
motivation is non-existent today   it doesn't help waiting for a doctors appointment for crash injuries 
"i hate sundays so much, something always happens to ruin my mood!"
just saw the biggest centipede millipede (whatever it was) that i've ever seen in my life crawling along my wall   i need more raid!  i have no idea where all these bugs are coming from 
"rebate debit cards should really be illegal or something, they're certainly annoying enough and i feel like money i had is just gone once they've e playful ired   though my goal with the next one is to use every last <propfemale> on it   even if i have to buy two pieces of <propfemale> from one of those bins at the grocery store "
subway chocolate chip cookies are amazing! why didn't anyone tell me?
squirrel crisis has been averted  they're not as cute and cuddly as you'd think when you try to hand them a cracker to lure it out from behind your fridge 
zero <propfemale> for troubleshooting website quirks today 
finally picking up sheetrock for the bathroom tomorrow 
"sheetrocked and taped the entire bathroom with my dad today, so today was pretty productive "
12 hours of working on the bathroom today   it's coming together pretty well though 
the tile in the bathroom looks pretty good   the paint is going up this week 
i never thought ebay would be the reason i'd have to use an outdated style of website coding 
not really sure about the color we painted the bathroom 
the temperature appears to be going in the wrong direction 
nothing like a mysterious payment on your paypal account to ruin an evening   lets hope paypal's issue resolution process isn't like being put through the ringer 
going to be making a conscious effort to be more active on social networks    even though i don't think i'm particularly interesting 
had a much more productive day today than i've been having 
"my portfolio was updated on my website today, be sure to check it out! http annoyed  bit ly dcdnq0"
"i understand having ads in videos online, but something needs to be done to add some variety to them "
i think it's time to do some more website tuning tomorrow   i have some good ideas 
this productive week came to a screeching halt this morning when my computer failed to boot up   lets hope nothing needs replacing 
"my portfolio was updated with my first attempts at illustration, plus the resulting ebook cover   http annoyed  bit ly fvpcrx"
computer trouble on christmas <propfemale>  i must have been naughty this year and didn't even realize it; a lump of coal would have been better 
<propfemale> christmas!
"i'm very happy mozy made downloading my backed up files so easy, but it's still going to take forever to download 61,000 of them "
"if you told me two years ago i'd be doing semi-consistent design work for someone in australia, i would have just laughed   pretty excited "
"while the person i've been working for goes on vacation, i'm being put in charge of doing any work needed for 13 clients in australia   that's quite a few more than the one client i thought i was going to be helping    deep breaths"
"it's about time to re-invent my website again using everything new i've learned, and a little bit of research time "
a slow afternoon waiting for things to upload   it's going to be a late work night once it all finishes 
"what a game, it was fun to watch "
