5eeba9522ea9d300ca6008afa939afc4
2012 sheriff <propfirst> hege returns!!? or should i say my real dad  oh ya'lls aunt <propfemale> still mean!!!  lol
"what gets me is relatives who believe in this god thing or person has yet to e playful lain it  where their god can allow 5th or 6th cousins to steal a child, beat this child, curse this child, abandon (mispelled), adopt this child, turn away from this childtake everything this child has including its real identity and steal its kids and sell them for money or as i call it cheap things, have it posioned 3x's for what, god "
it's a shame when <propmale> jr  can't show the respect he thinks is owed to his sorry so-called e laugh ope smokin' butt  have you even considered instead of throwing public fits on myspace and facebook of trying to use the dang phone yourself stupid!
those of you who play farmville i do not need any more presents for the tree  i thank those of you have sent them  i really appreciate the help with that and the help on the farm  enjoy !! : )
agravated  those of you who had me as a neighbor on fishville please sent me another invited if i do not send you one  i have lost all of my neighbors on the game 
"those of you who play farmville    are anyone of you missing your houses, flower stands and your school houses,etc  ?"
those of you who know me know i don't want anything to do with drugs  so those of you who know my dad knows that's a big oh no you!! so no more joint rolls  my badge seriously objects!! so you from the past stop!!! now!! and the sheriff there says got you with and by a dang ole hege too!!
i wonder if i went to a restaurant  where a bird was if i should check my pants too when i left     <propfemale>?
"brothers week   if you have a brother who has made you laugh    pulled your hair   stuck up for you   drove you crazy   hugged you   watched you succeed   saw you fall   picked you back up   cheered you on   made you strong, copy and paste this to your status "
"everyone please play! it will be fun to learn where all your fb friends were born  copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth~~lexington,nc"
"i'ma handful  unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes  i'm sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as heck    don't          deserve me at my best  if you're a handful, re-post   i dare you    i'll be looking for the ladies who repost"
"have u ever said u sick of someone but when they gone u wish u never said if u feel this way copy this to ur status and write at the end of it the person u said it to ~~~mine has been a sister,grandparents and others i know~~here <propmale>"
off to bed     http annoyed  yearbook com a wuche?ref=nf
off here for now on yahoo> > lmao idk might be back later if not just leave a message http annoyed  yearbook com a wwzei?ref=nf
ahhh  bordom is takign over > > http annoyed  yearbook com a x5pjp?ref=nf
taking my happy evil ass to bed   mmfwcl to all my lo's an lette's  whoop whoop bitch    http annoyed  yearbook com a x5qnj?ref=nf
around sure ill find some kind of trouble round here lmao    maybe http annoyed  yearbook com a x8p8f?ref=nf
some ppl need to learn to stay the fuck away from my page   i do not like u so go the    http annoyed  yearbook com a xk1b8?ref=nf
playing pool an loseing yay me http annoyed  yearbook com a yor3j?ref=nf
anyone want the flu and a lazy freckin' 23 yr  old?
haha im here bitches!!!! whoop whoop http annoyed  yearbook com a z6brt?ref=nf
o o people there alive here  lmfao well i think they are    http annoyed  yearbook com a z6zci?ref=nf
lmao who knew tht stalkin was sooo much fun when they dnt knw ur doing it?? > smile  mwhaha http annoyed  yearbook com a z71ml?ref=nf
amusing myself how fun??? seiously nothing better to do here    http annoyed  yearbook com a z73qz?ref=nf
sitting around enjoying the peace an quiet   man do i love weekends lmao too bad noth    http annoyed  yearbook com a zizx4?ref=nf
o o actually ran outta things to do on here  sad  questions anyone??? http annoyed  yearbook com a zmsj3?ref=nf
"\be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those w    http annoyed  yearbook com a zmujz?ref=nf"""
"don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant  http annoyed  yearbook com a zpm0r?ref=nf"
sitting around watchin my 1yr old call ppl > > lmao apparently hes a little talker to    http annoyed  yearbook com a zt1qp?ref=nf
"failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circu    http annoyed  yearbook com a zybah?ref=nf"
life throws the bad things at us to make the good things all the more worthwhile… http annoyed  yearbook com a 104v70?ref=nf
stupid ppl funny  stupid questions  retarted!!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a 104wse?ref=nf
life throws the bad things at us to make the good things all the more worthwhile… http annoyed  yearbook com a 104xgu?ref=nf
quickly loseing what sanity i have left!!!!! i hate ppl end of story!!!! http annoyed  yearbook com a 10yjds?ref=nf
i hate ppl any way happy valentines day everyone!!!! much love  love  http annoyed  yearbook com a 10z7qh?ref=nf
