e9449f7049f56185dece2044324eece3
"thinks 340 undecillion is a lot of ip addresses!  that's right around 50 octillion (50,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) per person on the planet!!  and i thought i'd never need to know the names of <propfirst> above a trillion   "
has accepted an offer on our house in hustonville!!
is headed to shakespeare in the park   yay!!
"wishes computers didn't need electricity and wireless internet was universally available   ah well, home i go   "
"is dappled and drowsy and ready to sleep   though i think \troubled\"" may be more accurate than \""dappled\"" """
"is grateful for birds singing, cool morning weather, and a day off "
loves long weekends and holidays 
is looking forward to starting yoga and to a concert in the park tomorrow 
"just got the news from kokomo - mr  burkhalter has no jail time, only probation!  worse than he deserves for something he didn't do, but the best we could hope for at this point   i guess the letters and witnesses for his character helped!"
is planning to make pretzels   wish me luck!
has a kazoo stuck in her guitar   sad   lol!
went on a hilly 5 mile bike & hike and is all tuckered out and inspired to get in better shape 
shouldn't think too much when she has a cold 
is ready for a new week and a fresh start 
no fairer mistress man can find no crueler could there be i am sailing still and i'll sail until the siren calls for me
's kids were amazingly well behaved this evening 
enjoyed the ballet and is grateful to <propfirst> for giving her the time to go 
had a lovely sunday   many hugs for from <propfirst> for his birthday   aren't toddlers great?!
"is camping, hiking, e playful loring, caving, canoeing, or dinosauring "
is spoiled after a week of vacation   do i really have to go back to work tomorrow??
is sad about friends getting layed off at work   sad 
"is happy despite being sad, it's an interesting feeling "
loves wrestling <propfirst> on the waterbed   i'm glad i still have one young enough to do that!
"wants to ditch karate tonight, but just remembered she's testing for a new belt   bummer, no slacking tonight "
"is really excited for a kid-free, motorcycle-full weekend ahead!"
"has a red nose   go ahead, call me <propmale>, but please let me play some games   i also have a card that says i passed the tests (written and riding) for a motorcycle license   ha ha!  no way am i road safe "
finally posted pictures from vacation 
"thinks people should use their brains once in a while, maybe prior to jumping on the latest passing bandwagon "
has a stupid cold   smart colds know better than to mess with me!
- does anyone want a (lightly striped) grey kitten?
is happy 
is sad       j k
is going to eat breakfast twice tomorrow!!!!  yum!
"is going to the richmond gallery hop - sans kiddos   yay!  it's been years since we went with just the two of us   btw, four kids touring <propmale> studios is a frightening, exhausting, entertaining, family-happy thing   i'll never forget the year we ended by walking under a water fountain arch and walked back to the car, six soaking wet people   we got a lot of looks!  lol!"
"has a very sweet son (<propmale>) who loves her \too much and forever\""    laugh """
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you are finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised "
loves cool people   my thanks to all of you that i love talking to or working with 
"- life according to my 4 yr  old, \a 'happy meal' is when you get what you want \"""""
is striking deals with her kids 
is excited that guitar hero world tour is coming to pc 
logged into work for personal reasons and got distracted actually working   again    laugh 
"wants to talk to <propfirst> <propfirst> litster, but he's asleep and she should be, too   but how to go to sleep without talking to <propfirst> first?!  is that possible??  i suppose i could talk to him while he sleeps, but somehow it's just not the same "
- <propfirst> is trying to convince me that monsters are real   he says he knows it's true because he didn't quite kill them all 
my code's not right!  aaaaaarghhh!!!  no one should have to think this hard on a friday afternoon!
will be celebrating 14 yrs  w david tomorrow!  i'm currently making my first cheesecake in preparation   hope it turns out well!
why does facebook say half my friends are from vidyartha college???  i wonder what else is messed up and why and whether they'll get everyone straightened out again 
is clearing all kinds of junk off her computer 
is going back to school!
is hoping to catch up on sleep this weekend 
"like emptiness in <propfemale>, i need someone to comfort me "
"had an awesome time with <propfirst> tonight - puzzles, singing, dancing, and ice cream!"
is proud of d t  for earning his blue belt last night and looking forward to museum go round at the e playful lorium today 
is feeling inspired by friends who find (and sometimes create!) the good in life 
costume crunch-time has arrived 
is going to mexico in december!
likes halloween   a lot    smile 
had a great halloween!
is watching much ado about nothing   you amaze me!  lol
is attempting to learn to play nice with others   is it too late?
thinks it's okay to be human 
is off to karate to work out some frustrations 
is looking at snorkeling gear 
"is wishing <propfirst> would either call or come home   that sounds like he's out being irresponsible, but it's my own fault that i don't know when to e playful ect him "
"- <propfemale> says, \i like having parents like you and daddy because you're sane     in a way \"""""
had a wonderful holiday weekend   lots of yum! and zzzzzzzz 
"i've been acting like a stranger, but you guys are all so strange   (i'll be very impressed if anyone other than <propfirst> can tell me what that's from)"
- less than a week to mexico!
is reading her friends' status updates and going to bed soon!
finally got through sorting pictures!
brrrr     back home and cold 
is looking forward to another 3 days off!!!
happy new year!  it's gonna be a great one!!   laugh 
is goofy 
"is grateful for her family's rule that everyone makes a dinner once a week   no cooking for me tonight   thank you, <propfemale> "
can't remember the clever status update she was planning to post 
is taking her first certification exam tomorrow 
"passed!  1 down, 19 to go!"
my status update this morning didn't ever show up!  i wonder - did i forget to click share or did i click it after our internet went down?
"my 12 yr  old is upset that i can't teach her \the basics of programming\"" so she can create her own webkinz-like game tonight   ?!"""
"is thinking about religion, spirituality, and community "
"is confused, but that's nothing unusual "
is working on budget tracking and planning to clean and study pretty much all weekend   nice and cozy catch up weekend at home 
there's an indian restaurant in richmond!!!!  yay!!!!!!!!!  (and yum!!)
caught <propfirst>'s cold   sad 
had no idea this was superbowl weekend 
"is tired of being in pain   i'm in awe of people who have chronic, painful health problems and manage to get through life with a good attitude   there are some amazing people out there "
"is studying, as usual for a saturday   trying to get through chapter 7 of my project management class this weekend   i'm also hoping to get some housework done and to catch up on zzzzzzz's "
is liking staying home for days on end 
"thinks her kids are hilarious   \how did grandma break her arm?  was she climbing a tree?\"" - <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"on my mind - project management (school), work stuff (project management - ha ha, like the repetition?), headache, ice cream, oughta send the kids to bed, wish <propfirst> was home, facebook, friendship, god (hmmm, maybe that should've been first?), etc , etc , etc    laugh "
"is proud of <propfirst> <propfirst>   he placed 2nd in science against a bunch of kids, most of whom are a grade ahead of him "
is not going anywhere all day   yay   it's good to be home now and then   
"the kids are being obnoxious, the usual two   i am so not wanting to deal with them tonight "
ate her veggies 
is wishing for a longer weekend   maybe a whole couple months off would be a good idea   or maybe    i'd better stop that train of thought right there!  back to work in the morning!   playful 
"was asked this morning by her 4 yr  old son whether he looked pretty in the socks he was wearing!?  (yes, he was wearing shirt & pants, too)"
is feelin' groovy   (not counting my cold   )
thinks it's frightening to let go of your fears   lol
"javascript class done!  2 down, 18 to go    laugh "
is sleeping in a tent!  yay!!
"has 2 less classes to take than she thought!  how cool is that?!  so the official count is 2 down, 16 to go "
is glad for friends near and far   and for the internet making it so easy to keep in touch!
is making a journal of sorts out of all her status updates   facebook actually let me go all the way back to aug  2008 when i originally joined!  it's been hilarious to read some of the funny things the kids have said in that time or even oddball things i said!
"didn't make it to church today   sad   we tried, but on the way the suburban quit running for no apparent reason   i hope it's not an e playful ensive repair   "
finally got around to identifying her favorite purple wildflowers   they're delphinium   <propfirst> crossed a stream and climbed a hill earlier this week to bring me a bouquet of delphinium and phlox   very pretty    smile 
doesn't feel like updating her status    playful 
is neglecting her homework in favor of more important things 
just finished out a fantabulous day by leaving her laptop in a not-so-clever place   the computer played copy cat and not-so-cleverly fell down and jammed the power cord into  power <propfirst> 
"finally finished reading her project management book   now for lots of review and practice tests   please, oh please, let me pass the certification test on tuesday!!"
"passed her project+ certification!!  the official count is now 3 classes down, 15 to go   but 3 weeks off school for now!! yay!!!"
"insomnia sucks, but i enjoyed some quiet time to myself!  now to start my day for real "
is sooooo tired!!!  i haven't had a decent night's sleep in almost a week!  every night something different keeps me up or wakes me up   crazy!  i hope this week is better    smile 
"can't resist looking at her next class, even though i technically have another week and a half off   it's a database class, how could i resist that?!"
just bought tickets to <propmale> & garfunkel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  (can you tell i'm excited?)
"can't sleep    sad   physical pain, emotional pain, stress     bah!"
"thinks some people share more of their profile with \everyone\"" than they realize!"""
is sleepy   never enough time in the day   how does that happen?  what i'd really like to know is which stuff i could leave out!
"bought her first motorcycle   i'm very excited, but very timid, too   it's a 2008 suzuki boulevard 650   thanks to <propfirst> and <propfirst> for pointing it out to me!"
weekend!!!!!!!
"got a little practice riding tonight, 30 ft , turn around, 30 ft , turn around - that's all the fairly-close-to-flat yard i have!"
has a new nephew!  and my 25 yr  old brother is now a grandpa   lol!
"forgot to say - 4 down, 14 to go!  i passed my database design certification last monday!"
is dappled and drowsy and ready to sleep   zzzzzzzzz   
is studying happiness 
loves how facebook can get keep you in touch with people!
needs friends     and sleep   don't we all?
would rather feel the earth beneath her feet 
"is writing a paper about leadership for school   yippee-yi-yay   but i caught up on sleep this afternoon, so i'm happy "
is enjoying the calm in the eye of the family reunion storm 
"is feeling peaceful and sort of happy-ish     and a little impish, too    laugh "
"needs a can of pumpkin!!  does anyone (local to ky) have one?  i need it by sunday morning   according to kroger, something happened to the pumpkin crop, so there's not any for sale right now   sad "
no one has pumpkin?!?!!
is learning 
is making <propfirst>'s b-day cake 
 laugh 
"slept 10 hrs  friday night, another 10 last night, 2 this afternoon and is currently thinking going to bed early sounds like a good plan   if i could do that for a couple weeks straight, i might actually feel rested!"
happy day #3!
is struggling with accepting human limitations   grr 
is getting high     at church   there's something i haven't done before!
is still not a super-hero 
enjoyed doing housework with my three boys last night 
"needs sleep, elusive sleep   "
hair five!!!!  lol 
"is thinking a few choice words, but has chosen not to say them   (someone please laugh at my word play)"
"is happy, sad, nervous, calm, relieved, hopeful, tired and listening to <propmale> & garfunkel   triple yay for that last part!"
is too tired 
"has been dubbed \awesomeness\""   laugh """
"is not dappled or drowsy, but wishes she could sleep   lol"
"david: have you ever noticed that satan and <propfemale> have all the same letters and they both wear red and black and you never see them in the same place at the same time?\\paul: if satan is <propfemale>, then if i'm bad all year, he'll just give me more presents!!"
hugged her 5 yr  old 30 times today!   laugh 
"halloween is officially over, hopefully that means i'll start having time to be human again   had a blast tonight "
hosted a rockin' awesome 40th b-day party for <propfirst>    laugh 
"is thinking to change her <propmale> to health informatics   all in favor say \aye\"" """
passed her test!  unbelievable!!
"is tired, relieved, thankful, and full "
first snow the day after thanksgiving - perfect
tree's up   yay!
went to narnia 
is finally shopping for christmas!!  lol
playing with my new phone  smile 
why on earth does a droid x come with a charging cord only 3 ft  long???
the little humans in my house have given up masquerading as demons and are now posing as angels   thank goodness!  let's see if i can survive past bedtime!
sleeping at a hotel with a bunch of pillows and no children   laugh 
"is back home, tired and happy   back to the real world in the morning "
<propmale> & garfunkel fest on my music player this afternoon  laugh 
"is having a medically interesting week   i had a little bit of a reaction to my allergy shots monday and tonight <propfirst> had a trip to the er to check out a smashed finger   tiring stuff, but not serious "
"enjoyed her first imbolc celebration last night   life is such an interesting thing, full of variety    smile "
finally getting to bed!
i was trying to prioritize my to-do list and just realized that life will go on no matter which stuff doesn't get done   that's quite a relief!  i guess that means i can get some sleep!!
"song in my head tonight-\ishq allah ma'bud allah\allah ya jamil\\god is love, lover and beloved,\god is beauty "
halfway to oklahoma!
"the sky is so beautiful, so many stars!  makes me want to sleep in a tent    smile "
really enjoyed the lds general conference broadcast this morning   got me to pull together some thoughts about my future professional life 
