8bb54e023603684e472ef29475419525
i am getting ready to go shop for supplies to make auto safety kits for the webelos! (i am an assistant leader for my boy's pack)
"yay, so i got my husband to get on facebook  welcome mister "
"i have had the last four days off, and it has been so nice! went to my son's first football game, played some wow, then went on a shopping spree with my daughter and 3 of her friends and my son, fun fun!      this morning is back to work though, sigh   have to have some way to pay for all the fun i guess "
"i guess if anyone is interested, they can just copy and paste and do their own list   lol"
three times    jeesh! at least i learned something 
the evening sky is lavender and orange   i love sunsets 
"so, i got to go to kansas city for four days with my sister  we visited my brother, yay! it was pretty around there, hilly and colorful with fall splendor!"
thank you to all the new castle age friends who have joined my army! let us kill hydras and dragons   muahahahah!  smile 
"ok, it's official  i have 11 days to move out of my home of 10 years and into our new house! it is really happening now   smile "
"this christmas has been rather chaotic at my house, but i wish blessings of happiness upon all of my loved ones in the coming year     love "
today we have been in our new home barely one week! i am feeling much happier about it now that i things are getting to be in their places  i plan to have some photos to post here soon!  smile 
worked a 10 hour day today   going to catch a few zzzz's    good night my people!
lavender
"\hey soul sister\"" by train   is happy making!  smile """
gypsy <propfemale> dusk   a good hippie name for me   hehehe  smile 
"it is ** snowing ** like crazy here, huge, fat snowflakes    it's beautiful   and gives me my winter excercise of shoveling the driveway! lol"
"ok, i finally got some pics of my new home on here!"
"\i love you as much as every snowflake that is going to fall   \"" quote from my son to me on the way to school this morning    """
??¸ •*¨*•?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸?xxx?¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸¸??
"attention castle age friends, just so you all know: i have just now changed my castle age name to {{firestar}}"
i am soooo excited!!! i got my tickets to go see u2 in slc in june! yay!  laugh 
look back and thank god  look forward and trust god  look around and serve god  look within and find god! god closes doors no man can open and god opens doors no man can close  if you need god to open some doors for you    repost 
"the snow has slowly been disappearing   today i went in my yard and was able to rake the edges of my poor, flattened grass   ruffled it up good! i could smell the earth and the plants for the first time in many weeks  there was a little sunshine, i didn't have to wear a coat   spring is flirting with us!"
"\success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome \""   <propmale> t  washington"""
"you were the last person required to summon the firestorm  the firestorm has now launched and inflicted 28200000 damage to cronus, the world hydra! i love being the one who launches the weapon! hehehehe"
what's on my mind is i would like a day off work   again soon  one per two weeks is insufficient   annoyed 
hello people!  smile 
"my amazing daughter just won first place at regional history fair for individual performance! state history fair, here we come! hooray <propfemale>!!!  laugh "
a girl without freckles is like a night without stars     
thank you to all the kind people who have wished me a happy birthday!  love  you all tons!!
isn't it strange how foods i found offensive as a child i now find most delicious? case in point: pork ribs and saurkraut with mashed potatoes and butter   mmmm 
reading a book    quiet    sleep    these are good things 
"well, yesterdays snow is mostly melted into the ground, so i am sure the spring bulbs appreciated the moisture   i personally would appreciate rain more than snow at this time of year!  smile "
good morning friends!
never be bullied into silence   never allow yourself to be made a victim   accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself   ~harvey fierstein
i have been enjoying my days off work during spring break   the best thing of all was my sweet sister came and visited over the weekend!
"i love my digital camera   however, i think there are now probably a thousand pics that are on my computer but have not been developed    annoyed "
"today we went to utah state history fair  my daughter won 1st place in personal performance division against nine other competitors  national history fair, here we come! wooo! good job <propfemale>!"
i do not have anything exciting going on today   
"warning! facebook now automatically scans your\ brain through your monitor  to block, go to your kitchen cabinet and\ remove box of aluminium foil  wrap foil around your head, stay calm &\ breathe through your left nostril  this is a serious problem & \has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend'sneighbor's son's baby's\ mama and her pet chihuahua  copy and paste as your status & save\ your friends!  laugh "
happy mother's day to all the lovely moms!  love   love   love 
"here is a little quote i have about sunflowers annoyed ive\ life like a sunflower! reach for the sky  stay open  bend with the \breeze  bloom where you are planted  brighten someone's day  grow from \the rain  turn your face to the sun "
the air is starting to be filled with the scent of fruit tree blossoms and lilac    i love this about the springtime 
"following bono's une playful ected back surgery \earlier today, live nation confirmed that the u2 360°  tour launch\ previously scheduled for june 3rd in salt lake city has been \postponed     sadness     sad      i hope bono heals quickly "
i love tomato sandwiches   smile 
"so, tomorrow morning at this time, my daughter and i will be on a plane heading to washington, d c  for the national history day contest! woohoo! wish us luck and say a prayer for our safe journey please!"
we are here safely  to u of <propfemale> this morn to get the lay of the land 
"opening ceremony was last night  this is the 31st annual history day national contest  there are over 2500 contestants this year, the most ever  \  <propfemale> does her presentation at 2 surprise 0 today  i thought her backdrop things we mailed were big and a pain to ship here  after going to the shipment receiving room, and seeing the huge wooden crates others sent, i realize our things were not big or a pain! lol "
"ahhh, sadness      each <propmale> category had close to 100 contestents (two from each state)   only 10 finalists were chosen in each category  utah, unfortunately, did not make the finals in any <propmale> category   sad  however, two entries from each state will be chosen for being the outstanding entries from their state  also, there is the <propmale> to be chosen for a special award based on one's subject matter "
"despite not making it to the final rounds, let me say this is still being an amazing e playful erience and i am grateful to be here with my daughter  we are enjoying washington, and learning the metro system  we have visited the holocaust museum and the spy museum so far, as well as walking to the washington monument and the reflecting pool, with the wwii memorial fountain "
"today was really fun! we went to union station, ate brunch, did a little shopping  it is a very busy place  next, we walked through the national zoo, got to see the pandas and an octopus! after that, we walked up cathedral ave, to the washington cathedral, which is breathtaking and beautiful! on the way, there were  old, very cool houses, and sweet-scented blossoming trees i am fairly sure were magnolias  i loved it!"
"the last day we were in washington we went on a tour of the capitol, and my daughter got to meet our state congressmen, as well as get her picture taken with them  i would recommend <propfirst> from senator hatch's office as a great tour guide! <propfemale> capener from senator <propmale>'s office was also very nice and helpful  we also did a quick breeze in and out of the national <propmale> museum, wish i had more time in there!"
"finally home  i had fun in washington d c , then i went to take care of my dad for a few days  it was good to visit with him, though i am a little distressed i had none of my off time to do my own personal things  (my craft room is still a disaster!)"
"well, enjoyed seeing everyone this weekend, wish i would have had more time to spend! two bbq's in two days, and some fireworks with my friends and family last night  i hope everyone else enjoyed the holiday as well   smile "
"promise to my kids: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why i do it  then i'll know you're a responsible adult  all because i love you  you will never find someone who  love  loves  love  and cares about you more than your mom! copy and paste if you feel the same"
"love my sisterweek! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears,hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! re-post if you have    an   amazing sister!! ??"
i never knew how delicious dill flavored sunflower seeds could be! =p
"i'm in the mood for a <propfemale>, i'm in the mood for a <propfemale>, i'm in the mo  ood!"
via c <propfemale> shepherd:  12 things pms stands for:
"please   put\ this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who\ has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can \breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have\ already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the \   shower    armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are \awesome and will repost this!"
"when life gets too hard to stand, kneel      (in other words, pray)"
"change you profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do it too until monday ~ december 6 ~ there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children  join the cause "
"the boys got the lights on the tree, now to get the ornaments on it!  smile "
"\we are healthy only to the extent that our ideas are humane \"" <propmale> vonnegut"""
"so, i survived my first two college classes in 20 years!  now that i have officially begun, i feel a little less nervous than i did monday night   smile "
i have handed in my first two assignments  what an effort to achieve a student mindset again!  laugh 
sledding by starlight with my kids: priceless   smile 
thank you all for all the lovely birthday wishes!!  smile 
