3bb68feeb4793816816e29f1ab6358cd
whew! i'm all partied out!
"want's to take boat out, but is out of gas for truck  this makes me sad   sad "
"yay! boat today! any guys who are up, i'm taking my boat out on the vermillion river  i will be launching on the 2nd st  boat launch in cow town at 10 smile 0 am   anyone who is interested is to meet me down there  for today, this is a guys only outing! (sorry"
the boat was lots of fun! the vermillion was mostly a success! there will definently be more outings on that river  i'll keep y'all posted!
the anticipation is killing me! i don't want to wait anymore! it's only a matter of hours now   
had crazy fun at valleyfair yesterday!!!
going to have fun with <propfemale> today   
just got back from sonshine music festival! it rocked!!! absolutely one of the most amazing things i have ever witnessed! i'm going back next year!
job interview tonight; pray for me guys!
i am addicted all over again to halo 3 now that i have live and all the map packs!
my sweetie comes home today and on our 3rd monthaversery no less!
"i have family visiting from portland, oregon and they're so excited to see their big cousins!"
"<propfemale> is slowing down my internet, but i love her anyway   wink "
is enjoying the sunshine; thank you god for the good weather and for wathcing over us!
got to sleep in today; hooray!
"to anyone who cares, i love <propfemale>!"
had fun playing halo at jakes house; one achivment closer to the vid master armor! i'm all haloed out for now   
"we can make it bigger, stonger, faster! we have the technology!!! my project is begining to come together   "
i'm hired! i got the job at the bus company!
<propfemale>'s lake-lot was way sweet! i had so much fun with her and her family!
"back to school for my brothers means back to work for me; i'm happy that i get money again, but it also means i need to obey a work schedule once more  oh well      ($$$yay!$$$)"
"halo 3: odst rocks!!! go srgt  <propmale>, hoorah!"
"this is <propfemale> on <propmale>'s account saying, \hi <propmale>'s page!\"""""
happy six months <propfemale>! this half year with you has been fantastic; let's make the next half even better!
im with <propfemale> right now   
"life is like a (insert metaphor here), you (insert connection here)   "
yay! one week 'til christmas!
woohoo! snooooooooooow!
is hungry  food time!
just put a new ps2 up for sale on ebay! it can come with grand theft auto: san <propmale> if the price is right! here's the link if anyones interest or if you know someone who may be interested      http annoyed  cgi ebay com sony-playstation-2-slim-console-gta-san-<propmale>-game_w0qqitemz110485494215qqcmdzviewitemqqptzvideo_games?hash=item19b972d9c7
"vikings lost! nooooooooooooooo! what the *censored**censored* is wrong! oh, did i say that? whoops    (darn it )   sad "
"i leave for <propfemale> in exaclty 108 hours! real mexican food, here i come!"
is ready to help the orphans! keep me in your prayers guys; <propfemale> isn't exactly a walk in the park  i'll be thinkin' 'bout y'all while i'm gone  have fun in the cold! -only six hours until departure   
"is back from <propfemale>, mexico!"
is offically off the hook and free to do what i want for spring break!
yay! today is my anniversery with <propfemale>! big date planned; it's going to be lots of fun!
today is gorgious! i wan't to be out now; but i have work  oh well   
"i just laid witness to the closest lightning-strike in my life! a wishbone shape spire drove down from the sky a quarter-mile away from where i stood on my porch! my jaw dropped and eyes grew in amazment; quickly realizing how close it was, i plugged my ears in anticipation of the oncoming clap  a blast like that of a railroad petroleum car smashing into a rock wall and exlpoding on impact came booming at me!"
"my co-workers and i had a lifeguard only pool party today after work, and we got to bend and break just about every rule! it rocked! favorite part? ten people going down the tube slide on a two person tube, at once!"
"sonshine 2010 was amazing!!! i had soooooooo much fun! i got to listen to see over 20 different bands (could've seen more   ), i got close up video of the newsboys, and an autographed t-shirt from go fish! plus, including food, gas, and ticket, i did it all for $100 or $25 a day! i hope to bring more people next year to this great event!"
no work today because of the rain and cold temps  occupational hazard i guess   
picking up shifts at the pool as easy as eggs; i'm practically full-time! i'm am the sub-shark!
"yup, my 15th monthaversery with my <propfemale> wuzzzz    yesterday, dang  but still, happy monthaversery <propfemale>!"
"thanks to all who came out on my boat! it sure was a blast  be on the look out, there's another outing comin' quick!"
"it's official: my boat has a cruising speed of 2 25 mph with the barge  at first i was getting 0 44 mph for my result, but then i realized it was the reciprocal of the correct answer  my estimations for a boat only cruising speed are set at 3 5-4 mph but at this point are still unofficial "
"i, am, so, tired! i'm gonna try energy shots  never had'em before and i hope they do the trick!"
"yay, boat day! but first, i must sleep "
"today was a blast! i got a huge work out  i took my boat, barge and all, down the mississippi with <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> r and we had a lot of fun  we also learned many things to make next time better  it took 8 hours to go down with the barge; next time we'll try without  plus, the boat did not breakdown once  nothing bad happened! i can't wait to go again!"
wishes the sun would come out so i can recharge  i just feel drained   
"it's been a couple years, but i'm making my white chocolate macademea nut cookies! some for food day at church, some for a party at work, and maybe some for friends!  wink "
just finished making my very delicious cookies  i've had a few and mmmmmm    they're amazing! yum! 180 of them are ready for rapid distribution 
is e playful eriencing gastrointestinal trama! what that means is that i just had a freakin' huge burrito from chipotle and i am stuffed beyond all belief!
is now sleep deprived  oh well; that's what new video games do to people  reach! hoo-rah!
life is like a rollercoaster  i'm not going to elaborate  you get the idea   
it's now october  halloween is coming  that means party too   
"first night of fundraising went well! grossed $250, netted $125,  and just $1,075 to go   "
"fundraising went very well yesterday! my totall gross is just shy of $800 and my net is $350! today, i'm going for $500; let's see what happens   "
"\welcome to chipotle! how may i serve you?\"" \",3bb68feeb4793816816e29f1ab6358cd,"many have countless wishes; a cancer patient, one: to be healed  knowing most of you will not post this doesn't bother me because i know a few will  please repost this, if just for an hour, in honor of those who died of cancer or who are still fighting! rest in peace, grandpa <propfirst> <propmale> almquist:10 6 1930-12 24 2008"
valleyscare was a blast! but that was only the beginning   
the halloween party last night was fantastic! thanks to all who came; it meant so much to me! now all i need to do is clean up the mess  whew!
 laugh  dry-ice bombs are fun!
"first day at chipotle! it was great; i had fun! now i get to do it all over again tomorrow! mmmmmm, burritos   "
getting my haircut today! it's gonna be short again!
it's snowing!!! i threw the first snowball of the season! first!
"today, four years ago, i asked my first girlfriend out  through my three past relationships i learned dignity, dependability, and discipline  now, on the <propfemale> of this milestone in my life, i'm determined to find out what's next! c'mon world; hit me with your best shot!"
i'm sooo close to having my trip paid for in full! just a few more good hours of fundraising should do   
"is <propfemale> happy, he can't contain his laughter!"
"i'm sooo full! ugh    i'm gonna sleep well tonight and, *gasp, i don't have to get up tomorrow! happy thanksgiving to my family, friends, and loved ones!"
"well, the poinsettias are here, and guess who gets to deliever all 116 of them? me! let's see how fast i can do this, but first    sleeeeeeep  life makes me tired "
"thursday? already or about time  this week is going fast and slow simultaneously; it's weird! it's kind of like playing halo while my brother peruses youtube at the same time  i just wish i knew why the proverbial \lag switch\"" of life keeps getting fipped  i'ma geek; comparing my life to video games   """
"sliding down a flight of steps on a sled, doing front-flips off the patio into snow drifts a story below, writing threatening messages on my brothers window    i love winter!"
the one time i actually want to upload a new picture for my profile and this <propfemale> of a computer decides it doesn't like my camera! rawr!
"it's official; i'm spending new years in new york! big apple, here i come!"
five more days until new york! this is gonna be fun!
"christmas is like chocolate  there's a different flavor for everyone \my flavor? extra dark; bitter-sweet "
i'm back!!! ny was a blast! this trip was an e playful erience that i will remember and <propfemale> 'til the end of my days 
"when you spend the eveing catching up with friends old and new, it makes sleep seem less important the futher you go, until you say good night to the last of your contacts, then bam!, it hits you  time for sleep   "
"1 11 11    for some reason, it sucked "
"yeah! i just met one of my goals at chipotle! i finished cleaning the kitchen before 11pm! i did it in 1 hour and 52 minutes from start to finish! very difficult, but i'm stoked now! woo-hoo!"
mending rips in jeans take forever!
"i can see clearly now, the rain is gone! now if only all the clouds would go away   "
"today was fun, but still no sun   "
"what is a heart like more? a piniata or the ball in a pinball machine?\you decide   "
"i'm working on a new secret concoction of a cookie recipie  it's <propfemale> delicious, i haven't started and i'm already drooling over the results!"
"my chocolate peanut butter deluxe swirl cookies turned out great and they're amazing in milk! soooo, who's hungry?"
"internal drama wrought from the almost heart-wrenching anticipation i'm e playful eriencing has forced me back upon an old but familiar comfort    \reading "
"often times i dream of music of a river that freely flows \it sings a song sweeter than <propfemale>; a song everyone should know   "
"you know i'd never ask you to change  if perfect's what you're searching for, stop searching and please stay the same  don't bother asking if you look okay because you already know what i will say   "
"happy valentines day every one! i had red all day; my shirt was red, my fuel light was red, my hand was gushing with red, haha! yeah, i stabbed my hand at work today, got three stitches; lots of fun! i watched it get sewn up too; it was cool!"
girl scout cookies! as if i don't already have enough cookies   
"ever have one of those days where everthing that could go wrong, does? well, today certainly wan't anything like that for me! everything just seemed to work out  god is good!"
"if good music is life, inspiration like water, and thought like a desert, you have to find a freakin' oasis eventually, right? i'm soooo parched!"
how is it that a heart feels lighter when it's full and heavier when it's empty?
"i wanna start it over; start again  i want a new beginning, one without an end \i've heard it in the silence, seen it on a face, and felt it in a long hour like a sweet embrace  i feel it inside calling out to me! it's a voice that whispers my name  \it's a kiss without any shame  beautiful like a song that stirs in my head  it sings love will take us where there is beauty "
"don't walk away from me  i need to get you next to me! you've got game girl, step to me  lose those friends and dance next to me; just dance with me  oh please, oh jeez, oh can't you see? i've got to get you, baby, to lose yourself with me!"
"remeber the desert of thought and the water of inspiration? about that   \i keep seeing freakin' mirages!"
"wait! is that, an oasis?!"
found a freakin' sweet guitar at guitar center  it fits me like a glove and plays like a dream  i want it! it's only a matter of time now   
"as this behny falls another rises to meet the day!\translation: i'm going to bed just as my brother is getting up for showchoir stuff at the highschool "
"my life is flashing before my eyes! when you're having fun, time goes by quickly; but when you get distracted, who knows how much time has gone!"
last day of feburary; soon my waiting will come to an end!
i grow tired of waiting   
"i shut my eyes in search for sleep  i toss and turn in hope of dreams  awakened by a voice that was so clear, it felt so near to me  i want your love, i need your touch  i've been missing you so much! i reach out for your hand and now it feels like i am falling down, down, down, until i kiss the ground, ground, ground   "
"whoa-oa-oa! i feel good! i knew that i would \i feel good, oh, i knew that i would, now   \so good, so good  i talked with you! yeow!"
has three days off from both jobs in a row! i am having a mini staycation! now what to do with all this time   
finished writing my second song this week; i'm on a roll! now if only i had the sweet guitar i want to play along with the vocals   
"almost done with my, *ahem, ballad  i have 31 lines and i just need five more   "
"done with song! it's slow, it's sad, but it's way cool!"
"it's said, \you will reap what you sow \"" why is it so hard to decide? \",3bb68feeb4793816816e29f1ab6358cd,"well today sucked out loud!! silver lining? at least my car is undamaged, to which i credit jesus  i'm thankful, but still po'ed "
today was better  i think i'll go skiing tomorrow with all the fresh snow we've got while it's still here!
"so much for skiing, they closed for the season without me knowing, (dangit!)  oh well, i guess now's the time to switch gears anyway  two more days 'til mexico!"
"in 5 hours it's off to mexico  keep me in your prayers, please and pray for excellent weather; <propmale> wants a jump start on his lifeguard tan! see y'all in a week!"
"i'm in mexico and i'm lovin' it! (eat your heart out, micky-d's!) the work is fun so it's not work and i'm learning more spanish with the help of my new amigos! i'll be back this monday so keep me in your prayers  thanks a bunch, y'all!"
going to spanish church today  i hope we get the message!
"it's good to be home! we worked our butts off, yet it wasn't really work, ya'know? i'll miss the children, the missionaries <propmale> & <propfemale>, (the chicas!) and all the great locals who worked side by side with us! but now, i think i'll get me some chipotle!"
