9ba126d86320b7ac373f022aeb686cb3
just beat <propfemale> wars: the force unleashed
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pffxq6iz3je&feature=related this song is hilarious
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=n04 laugh ykri3y
gone to mow work on mower 
is sniping me some people on ebay woohoo
whole lotta shakin' going on!!! goodness gracious great balls of fire!!!
"hes got big balls, and shes got big balls, but we've got the biggest balls of them all "
hail chaor!!! lol
i hate this chat
just got done mowing the grass  the heat out their is killer
my brain feels backwards from all the rides at the fair
cant find the right music to listen to while cleaning  any suggestions?
is taking a shower at 1 am lol
is having to mow the yard again  sad 
is kicking butt on fable 2 and then its off to walk 2 or 3 <propmale>  smile 
is doing even more yard work today   bleh   
i need batteries cause my mouse and 360 controller keeps dying!!!
is going to take my sisters boyfriend home
bon voyage to the dream world tonight   pleasant nightmares
just got done watching independance day    happy 4th of july everybody!!!
is extending fuses on firecrackers woohoo
chill pills are for people who want to control their anger   
i really think it is way too early to be up   
is extremely tired
"its wise to be ignorant, and the meaning of life is just existence "
destroy   it will come to you
its amazing how the world turns many ways
"endings suck  is it better to not know and wonder,or know and live with the pain?"
life is our excuse for this meaningless existence
is done weedeating and gonna probably mow in a little bit 
is gonna be without internet for a little while meaning until sometime tomorrow 
went water tubing today and is now sun burnt and has water burned legs lol
is gonna miss gencon  crying 
"if i say im lying, am i telling the truth "
i can live with being normally insane
dont be someone you arent but dont rely on that which is your inner self 
dont leave your ganymede rock lobster in the fridge for a year 
i love my mom!!! she is really great 
north <propfemale> is really pretty great  i don't know that i ever want to go back to ky  the only thing is i really miss my sister 
i now have control of my facebook again 
is heading over to greensboro 
"i came in first, and got sweet revenge on the guy who beat me one time mwhahahaha"
haha i just put this dude on the hit list and claimed my own bounty 
"i got some fiber one pop tarts and guess what   i can taste the fiber, bleh cardboard "
"\who me? im just a gun totin' weather girl \"" lol"""
"just pulled an all nighter, and prob going to bed or walmart lol"
"wow, just wow lol"
"\what ever happened to my transelvania twist\"""""
 crying  everybody has forgotten me    lol
"whats on my mind is death and destruction, oh how annoying this thing is and i wish i could blow it up or make it just self destruct and kill it self, how sweet it would be to never have to be annoyed by it again   "
"if knowledge is power, then why is the smartest man in the world so weak   "
"we are the angry mob, we read ther papers everyday, we like who we like , we hate who we hate, but we're all  so easily swade "
eh   im starving!!!
we are chaos!!! death is what follows in our wake  so mess with the likes of chaos and the spikes of ruin shall be in your rainy day forecast     mwhahahahaha
its not the outside that matters  its the inside   the scaly alien inside   
love is a broken existence that only fools believe in   
i am way to bored right now   
"\the most badass freakin' overlord in the cosmos\"""""
aaaaa=american association against acronym abuse 
the cake is a lie!!!
"sticks and stones may break your bones, but i wont stop there   "
"\a tasty morsel hiding in more tasty morsels\"""""
"only time can tell you your an idiot, but only i can convince you of it"
happy new years!!!!!!
"just got done with the fireworks, and almost didnt quite make it out in one piece several times lol"
"here are two awsome code geass amv's, they r hilarious    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ubwtwzjsvzm&feature=related http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=v1c0lle01_m&feature=related"
ahhh firefox and facebook r both screwing me over tonight    
i crushed my hand in the door and it freaking hurts!!!
by 8 freakin minutes   
"fear not fear, but what would be without it "
too bad    all the best love stories include amputation
"if your going to hide a tree, put it in the <propmale> "
you can do it! make history!
killing off those who get in the way and move on   thats a very optimistic way of thinking
"duh! i gain my freedom, i kill you, i dance on your grave! that   is my dream!"
"if pushing doesnt work, try pulling from the front "
"\do something productive  stop being yourself \"""""
what you're seeing here is a fantasy; not what's actually happening 
"you have to look at the positive aspect of things in life, like sure if the world was an eye for an eye the whole world would go blind, but a life for a life and you would end up with some peace eventually   "
"sometimes i wonder why the world would end when i see these great examples of awesomeness, and other times    i wonder why it hasnt ended already"
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=4yyqokp1jhu&feature=playlist&p=c10b786f8785a891&playnext_from=pl&index laugh 0       the higurashi, wolfs rain, bleach, and azumanga daioh parts fit so perfectly lol"
life's pleasures found a towel 
"there is method to the madness, i assure you "
to each his own lament
"i cant believe it man, he broke my strawberry short blade"
"one lifetime may be enough for you, but for me i need atleast three lifetimes to get rid of all the enemies i have and plan to make  so just because you can waste time in classes like math, doesnt mean i can, so if you would please direct me to the \enemy destruction and strategic demolition\"" area of campus  it would be very much appreciated """
"there was an enormous snake with rock hard scales  the huge snake <propfemale> high and then dove deep into the ocean, and i thrust a long sword into an apple  then i fired off a shiny black long barrelled gun again and again and again "
"i have no basis for this, but it might be to early to die"
"the bullet of justice caps evil's ass, remember that"
"in this world full of dreams, i can assure you that mine have been crushed, deccimated, and then stepped on time and time again, all because i had to look at those stupid pictures that revealed the truth, that nothing can ever be the way you want it to be "
what kind of person brings a gun to a knife fight!?
"you said you can see time, but that's probably \your life flashing by"
"world domination is such a <propmale> ambition, hahaha now that is something i could work towards, and take pride in "
"they're coming to take me away, ha ha\they're coming to take me away, ho ho\<propfemale> <propfemale>, ha ha, to the funny farm\where life is beautiful all the time\and i'll be happy to see those nice young \men in their clean white coats\and they're coming to take me away, \ha-haaaaa!"
"famous last words 'yeah im sure its safe, i saw them do it on tv'"
of course thou <propmale> not my enemy!! thou <propmale> my food!!
"i never thought i'd find my self running from a group of seriously hot chicks, who are chasing me with deadly weapons! im not ready to die hot chicks!!!"
the ultimate <propmale> of lying is to tell the truth 
"an unavoidable war is called justice  when brutality is the only option left, it is holy "
"it was your freedom to start the fight but, i'll end it when i want to!"
"the lord didn't rest until there were fish in the ocean, birds in the \air and people screwing up his garden"
"\i got shot down  in flames \"""""
you really like it dont you   being a stalker
"one step forward for the wing tip\ two steps forward for the organs\  in three steps your the feast of death"
"here comes a candle to light you to bed\ here comes a chopper to chop off your head!\  chip chop, chip chop, the last man's dead "
"life, women , and a bed of roses are one in the same  looks pretty on the outside, but a huge pain in the ass when you happen to sit down and try to rest "
"parting is such sweet sorrow, considering how long it took you to escape, you should have been able to do it in half the time "
"first, we'll have them die, socially  then we'll slowly tighten the noose around their necks   "
this is the first time ive gotten on fb in a month almost lol
"some twisted mexican standoff, but with flaming meteors "
totally bored   
this is the way the world ends  not with a bang but a whimper 
evidence? rumor doesnt need evidence   
"is watching knight hunters eternity right now, but thinking about playing l4d"
"\i call it creative truth telling\"""""
"i hope it involves chains, i hope they ask me to join in!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=j5f0dp_olya&feature=related
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
its snowing!!!!
had spam and eggs for dinner
is cleaning off the pool table
just massacred at monopoly!
is sitting on the couch wearing a snuggie playing fable 3  smile 
da!!!!
\when i sleep, i don't make any progress \9ba126d86320b7ac373f022aeb686cb3,just got done sledding and making snow angels!! which is freaking awsome!!!!
"how can you go wrong with zombies, necromancers, magical girls, and vampire ninjas!!!!    thats right! you cant possibly go wrong!!!!"
"just made my first rice ball, and ive learned i need to practice and e playful eriment a lot  like adding some fillings this time lol"
"they put freaking make up on us, freaking bastards!"
"even though we are going to shatter thousands of lives, wearing white is gonna make the blood look so pretty "
gurren lagann is freaking awsome! spiral power!!!
just who the hell do you think i am!!!
