152483cd8dbb049e6d00f543fbd1fae8
slightly hungover
loving my new apartment   i have alot left to do but i really dont want to do it lol   cant wait for alyssas nap so i can get started  love    so content with everything right now   never been happier   
feeling nervous   alot to do today and alot on my mind
"registered for my classes today, gonna be taking american lit, u s  government, intro to biology, and comp info systems this fall!"
they have to give <propfemale> a doggy csection but she may have problems becuz she is so old   so everybody pray for her or if you dont pray hope she will do well and the puppys and especially her will live
diamonds fine   she had five girls and three boys   anyone want some puppies lol
still sad the puppy we were gonna get died   i bottle fed her when she was weak and really got attached to the little thing in the past couple days taking care of her   we named her and everything   it sucks
"feeling tired, greasy, and uncomfortable   blah"
i feel like such a pussy right now   i couldve done it but i just chickened out
just took and awesome nap and am waiting for <propfirst> to get home   so so bored
really fucking hungry and think about eating some apple strudel!
"really wanting a salad, not a boring salad but a badass salad you make at like souper salads or sweet tomatoes!"
happy 4th of july!!  love 
this was defintely the most horrible 4th of july ive ever e playful erienced   there was a horrible accident  and my friends son almost died right here and thank god he is alive and no one is going to jail   everyone pray for <propfirst> please
im so sorry this had to happen   its just not fair   it still doesnt seem real to me   he was just a little boy  sad 
"annoyed that these people (most of whom are crackheads, literally) are in their upper 20's yet act like their in high school  spreading rumors that for one are none of their concern and then are so incredibly fucked up becuz they have no idea about what h"
im so relieved to have this off my chest  one down one more to go! laugh 
"tomorrow will be a sad, sad day   "
r i p <propfirst>; today was your day and i hope you were watching down us and smiling as we remembered you little man! we love you and miss you so much!
really needs to get to cleaning but seriously procrastinating! this house is a mess!
starving   about to eat my spaghetti!  laugh 
cant wait for 7 to watch my show   bored as hell right now   watching <propfirst> and <propfemale> play gta
waiting for my grandma to get here so we can go shopping and out to lunch  love 
"getting frustrated with this slow ass internet, but its stolen so i guess i cant really complain; god its so annoying though "
"talking to my mom on the phone, waiting for my <propfirst> to get off, and frustrated that medicaid is taking so long to get back to me!"
munchies!  love 
too out of breath for just walking down to the washateria! it is incredibly to hot to do anything!
<propmale> smoothie <propmale> craving!  love 
friday!  love 
 love  going to celebrate our 4 year anniversary tonight! not sure where we are going or what we are going to do but im sure food and maybe a movie will be involved lol  not much else to do when youre knocked up!  laugh  still im very excited! plus no baby for the
had an awesome night last night  love 
"so lazy right now, i just wanna lay in bed and watch tv  love "
been on the phone with medicaid 20 minutes now and still havent talked to an actual person!  annoyed 
thinking about how i wanna cook this chicken   
needs to get myself and <propfemale> dressed   feeling lazy   hoping my mom will get on before i leave
just got back from kohls   so tired  i wanna take a nap but i need to go to the washateria and do laundry while <propfemale> is asleep 
"lazy, lazy, lazy  love "
getting more and more annoyed    another 20 minutes on hold   still havent talked to an actual person from medicaid  i cant spend all day on the phone! i have a 2 year old! i just wanna get the shit so i can make sure i dont have another premature baby an
51 minutes on hold!
so pissed at medicaid  they didnt even send my application to the fucking place to get the pregnancy apps processed yet  its been a month! they didnt even know i was pregnant  read the fucking application! this is ridiculous   
astros game was fun last night  love 
gonna try my new prenatal workout video  im excited lol! how big of a dork am i?  laugh 
wants to bitch slap the people from medicaid
buffalo wings are the shizznit  love 
about to go to the medicaid office to force these bitches to talk to me!  love 
finally got my medicaid shit straightened out  laugh   love 
needs to just go ahead and get my own interent becuase this shit is annoying as hell
 love 
hope today goes well  love 
"pretty good day so far, i think i may be babysitter tonight for the girls  love "
hungry again   
its a girl!  love 
in an amazing mood  love 
20 more minutes until my chicken spaghetti is done!  love 
"going to be a busy day, but at least there is tons of chicken spaghetti left to snack on lol  love "
probably going to clean alittle while i wait for medicaids call  cant wait for all this medicaid shit to be over!  love 
sooo pissed of at medicaid  this shit is taking way to long  its a bunch of bullshit and if i didnt need it so badly id probably have already jsut said screw it because this hsit is frustrating! > sad 
anyone know anywhere cheap to fax shit thats not to far from the area that sams club is located
no im looking for some pay stubs and had to take a break to eat a bowl of cereal lol but it should be sent in 15 <propfemale> or so
frosted flakes  laugh   love 
hates owing money to this god damn bank  ive told them one million times when im going to pay them back and they still insist upon calling me 5 times a day  debt sucks lol  love 
just watched <propfirst> helsing for the first time   pretty good movie  love 
starving! really wanting a waffle with tons of syrup but dont have any     love 
wishes <propfirst> didnt have to work tomorrow!  annoyed   love 
really hopes i get my refund check soon  love 
needs to take a shower  laugh   love 
cant wait for <propfirst> to get off work  laugh   love 
going to straighten my hair and shave my legs  really cant wait for <propfirst> to get home  not sure what we are doing tonight but i know i want dennys lol  love 
"tired but enjoying chilling with my cousin, his friend, and <propfirst>  love "
needs to go grocery shopping   hungry and impatient for my refund check  love 
in a really good mood  love 
watching <propmale> chapelle killin' em softly lol  love 
fruit loops  love 
lots of phone calls i have to make today  love 
"having a horrible day so far  so frustrated  its like everything is trying to screw me over  medicaid, cricket, the fucking printer people and now when i all i wanna do is take a bath these ghetto ass apartments screw me over becuz they shut off all the h"
"after <propfemale>s bath, dishes, and putting <propfemale> to bed i will finally get my well needed hot, relaxing bath   hopefully   love "
in a much better mood today  love 
waffles  love 
i really miss my <propfirst>! cant wait for him to get off; i just wish he didnt have to work tomorrow  sad   love 
needs to get dressed  glad my parents are in town   love 
glad the parents are staying another night! pretty tired after eating a shitload at <propfemale> corral lol  love 
"trying to figure out what movie to watch  we are stuck between a haunting in conneticut, knowing, and mall cop  love "
sad the family had to go back to <propfirst>  miss them already but hopefully they come back next weekend and maybe with jor and <propfirst>  also i only got through the first half of mall cop before i gave up  its kind of stupid lol   love 
rain c:  love 
i have alot of cleaning to do   not wanting to do a thing but sleep lol  love 
ralphie may is funny as fuck lol  love 
having an awesome day! c:  love 
mcdonalds  love 
been on hold for an hour now! can you guess with who?
medicaid should go suck a dirty <propmale> because those people are fucking idiots! i am feeling a littl better now because maybe all this shit will be over with on monday tho 
taken is a pretty bad ass movie  love 
pizza and cheesecake lol! i cant wait c:  love 
guess i should get ready  ive got a whole half hour before i leave and nothing to do now that stephens left for work   love 
got the refund check! now i have alot to do     love 
"i hate medicaid or at least my lazy ass case worker and it sucks i couldnt go to my appointment becuz of another one of their fuck ups , but im still excited to go shopping with gma tomorrow c:  love "
cant find my new ultrasound pics still  i wanna put them up for yall to see! we got a good one of her face lol  c:
need to clean out the closet and vacuum before the at & t guy gets here  right now i just wanna eat my buttermilk biscuit and sausage with <propfemale> lol
"oh yeah i almost forgot, we have a new due date again  now my official due date is december 10th!"
fixing the car today! finally! pretty bored and tired lol
about to go to sleep; just waiting for <propfirst> to get outta the shower   super tired but in a relatively good mood lol  love 
a day filled hopefully with homework and cleaning if i dont get too lazy lol
hopes the car will be fixed before this weekend and that its a quick fix  cross your fingers!  love 
my poor babys sick  sad   poor thing has two ear infections from her stupid allergies 
"pretty tired   alyssa woke up three times last night, but im glad to have a free day to spend with her and just relax "
severely frustrated at the fact that some peoples logic makes absolutely no sense  in fact i think some people just like to cry and bitch just to do it and make other peoples lifes this frustrating!
loves the rain  love  hope it actually lasts   
 annoyed 
"extremely sore and just from walking to and from the bus stop and between classes  my back, my ankles, my thighs, and my abs are killing me  it seems like now that im pregnant im always sore lol  only 14 more weeks! c:"
"well alyssas teeth are good, but i have three small cavities and i need a cleaning but they couldn t do anything until my obgyn faxes them a paper saying its ok to give me an xray, numb my gums, and give me my fillings  who knows when thatll be!"
getting really annoyed with this facebook chat!  annoyed 
just finished cleaning the shit out of my house and putting the kid to bed  so worn out but im gonna take a shower and wait for the family to get here! c:  love 
"tired, family staying the night tonight  maybe a movie or just gonna chill  dont know yet "
"eating pop tarts, about to leave for the bus; american lit at 10 and us gov at 1130 but no biology today c:"
glad i dont have any classes tomorrow cuz i just wanna chill
<propfemale> didnt wake up til practically 10 so i got to sleep in a little late today   still tired tho lol  ready for <propfirst> to be home c:  love 
i hope it actually rains and this isnt just some big tease  love 
"has really been wanting  to go to galveston before it gets \cold\""  love """
had a good time at <propfirst>'s but now im ready to pass out; so tired  love 
me and <propfemale> slept late today and im still tired; cant wait for my <propfirst> to get home  love 
i wonder   
heartburn; in an incredible mood  love 
i really want a steak right now after watching the <propmale> of the hill series finale and <propfirst> wont get me a god damn steak
"waiting, doc appointment today"
excited to get my 3d 4d ultrasound this weekend!  love 
happy bday to my <propfirst>!  love 
eating breakfast with <propfemale> and watching <propmale> the big red dog lol; waiting for my <propfirst> to get home  love 
get out at 1:50 today!  love 
"so glad its finally the weekend! cant wait for saturday; the zoo, my ultrasound, maybe my parents coming, and possibly sweet tomatoes all in one day!  love "
does anyone want a blonde labrador puppy? she is 3 4 lab and 1 4 pitt but looks only lab  she is also about 3 months old 
ready for <propfirst> to be home! cant wait to see my family tomorrow!  love 
"tired and lazy, waiting for he pork loin to be done  cant wait for tomorrow!!  love "
big day tomorrow! the zoo will be really fun and im excited about e playful eriencing the zoo with <propfemale> now that she's older  most of all im excited for the ultrasound!!
had a pretty aweseom day but now im ready to either take a nice relaxing bath or pass the hell out   or both c:  love 
had a busy day today helping the family move back into the old house but im excited that they are back and cant wait to go to sleep tonight lol  love 
anxious to know whats gonna happen with the puppy  at least we'll know tomorrow!
a little tired; really need to get myself and <propfemale> dressed  hanging out with my mom and <propfirst> today   love 
ahhh the weekend  smile   love 
about to be heading to my parents house  love 
getting frustrated; i feel like im in elementary school getting bullied  annoyed 
my house is a mess; i really need to clean but i have to also find time to write my essay and study for my test tomorrow  it can be done   i hope lol  love 
wishes i couldve layed in bed another hour or two before going to class   
completely worn out  did alot of walking today and just finished grubbing on some dominos  i think im ready for bed at 7 pm lol  love 
gotta figure out something for me and <propfemale> to do today so we arent just sitting around the house  love 
has anyone ever boiled milk and had  that thin layer stick on the bottom of the pan? that stuff is disgusting  i know its just milk but for some reason it gives me the fucking creeps lol
just saw the weird guy that lives in our apartment climb into his trunk and then open all the doors before smoking a cigarette lol  apparently <propfirst> says he doesthat evey time he goes to his car lol 
tired; american lit test in two hours  annoyed 
<propfirst> gosselin is such a <propmale>  annoyed 
bored; waiting for my mom to pick me and <propfemale> up so i can <propfemale> out with them today until <propfirst> gets off work c:  love 
i love hot fudge sundae pop tarts lol
the apartment across from us is getting painted and it has a motherfucking built in microwave! wtf! we had to go out and buy a microwave that sits on the already small ass counters and takes up coutner space!
tired; doc appointment today and then no idea what ill be doing  cross your fingers i didnt gain too much since my last dr app lol  love 
sometimes can not understand the logic of men
does not want to go to my classes at all  annoyed 
still tired; going to be hanging out with my mom today     love 
just woke and already annoyed 
really wants a burger and onion rings!
"its not fair for him to just take from me, literally"
absolutely love this weather!
wants to go to party city and get alyssas costume for halloween  i think we're going with the pirate but maybe bee   or witch   lol i dont know 
bored   finally registered at the hospital  couldnt go costume shopping today but wednesday for sure lol  maybe ill get a wig or some make up or something since i cant really dress up this year  laugh   love halloween!
waiting for my memaw and mom to get here so we can go shopping  laugh   love 
really wants donuts and kolaches lol    really  love 
watching bul beatdown with <propfirst>; these bullys are always such douches
its beautiful outside! now it just needs to stay this way for longer then the weekend  that would be ideal!
lots on my mind but having a pretty good day so far  i wish i wouldve kept the car so i could have gone to the grocery store today   
"excited to go registering for my baby shower tomorrow, but tired as hell tonight  only 15 more minutes then we lay the kid down and i can relax c:"
making homemade waffles !
i dont think ive ever felt so unappreciated in my life   im just so frustrated right now   its not fair that something has to ruin such a beautiful day for me    :[
got back from my parents a little while ago after eating fajitas and now im just chilling with <propfirst> and <propfirst> playing midnight club lol; probably sleep soon     love 
really wants souper salads   
feet are killing me   2 assignments i forgot about our late and i have to do tonight or get an even worse grade  so tired   alyssa is really beating me right now  cant wait for 8 o clock 
tired   still have homework to do but i really dont feel like it   probably wont   
cant wait for halloween   gotta figure out how to make that damn wig stay on alittle better tho lol; p s  loving the rain!  love 
"its finally halloween!! cant wait for this evening, even though im a little nervous about getting the face make up on <propfemale> lol "
awesome halloween but now these little punk ass kids a few apartments down are pissing me off and im <-> that close to just letting <propfirst> go down there and beat there little bitch asses 
had an amazing weekend and looks like another great day  love 
i think its my stupid new virus scanner that is making it impossible to upload my halloween pics on here  annoyed 
blah; so glad to be home and so glad its the weekend! just waiting for <propfirst> to get home now so i can talk his ear off and relax a little  laugh 
hungry but no clue what i want  all i know is that it isnt in my house  love 
got lots of blood taken today so im really tired now but i have a ton of shit i wanted to get done today  love 
lots of make up work to do but all i wanna do is sleep and be lazy   
would much rather be at home right now  glad its thrusday tho and excited for saturday!  love 
so incredibly tired   only two more days til saturday!
dentist appt today  alittle nervous cuz ive never had to get fillings before  annoyed 
a quarter of my mouth is numb right now lol
"so tired and excited about tomorrow!! finally registered for my classes: us gov 2, <propmale> appreciation, human growth and development, and intro to bio 2  love "
doc appointment today and then a ton of cleaning and reorganizing everything to get everything ready for baby  love 
"not too much left to do, clean, and organize  gonna do everything i can to try and have this baby this weekend lol  ive even looked up old wives tales  wink   love "
"so tired im feeling a little out of it, but <propfemale> and my mom are coming over to <propfemale> out and ive got lots of cleaning to get done today!"
ugh mondays    doc app today  maybe ill be dialated now  cross your fingers! i want this kid out asap lol
so im 1 and a half cm dialated and babies so big they r goin to do an ultrasound tomorrow and see if they need to induce me  hopefully we see her before the ultrasound tho     love 
just chilling now; been waiting for thanksgiving all year  so glad its finally here!
so full  had an amazing thanksgiving and hopefully baby will come tonight! fingers crossed  love 
cant wait to eat left overs lol
hungry and tired  feels like a lazy night  love 
wish <propfirst> was here but i have my mom here helping me clean and keeping me company  love 
got the xmas lights up! in a very nice and relaxing mood   
"got some stuff for the baby and am gonna get some more stuff tomorrow, then a doc appt  so we'll see if this baby is coming soon  im ready for her to come now lol love "
ugh i just wanna have this baby already  thats all i can think about lately  i have a feeling she is going to wait til one of my final days or be extremely late  we'll see what they say at my dr appt today   
so im scheduled to be induced bright and early on this thursday! hopefully it works out and doesnt get canceled!  love 
sometimes it really amazes me how much i can love him  love 
tomorrows the big day! so nervous but i need to make sure everything is ready and clean and then finish up this paper so i can turn it in tonight     love 
"just got back from target, cooking dinner, and me and <propfirst> are making sure everythings ready for when we bring the baby home! cant wait for tomorrow!  love "
nervous  annoyed   love 
our emmi was finally born on dec 4th 2009 at 2:43 pm after 32 hours of labor! she weighs 8lb 1 75 oz and is almost 21 in long! absolutley beautiful!
frustrated about my bio teacher and this final tomorrow  im hurting pretty bad but i cant miss that god damn final  cant wait til finals are over and i can really enjoy my sweet emmi  love 
hoping i dont wake up having an anxiety attack again and for no reason at all     annoyed 
"done with government final, only one more for today and then i can go home  love "
"feeling better tonight; just relaxing with <propfirst>, about to watch a movie, got the fire lit, about to feed emmi  love "
"just got back from the doc; baby is perfect and healthly, i on the other hand have toximia that got worse after i had the baby, but ive lost 18 lbs in 2 days so they said thats a good sign cuz im getting all that water out!  love "
tired of having to take twenty thousand pills a day  cant wait til all this is over and everythings back on track   
"so tired; studying for my lit final, after this one only one more left and then im done with this semester  love "
a little tired but in a pretty good mood  i feel christmasy and homey right now lol  love 
that guy off vampire diaries is pretty hot  they shouldve casted him as <propfirst> because he would actually be comparable to <propfirst> lautner in gorgeousness  love 
feels like i need to beat the crap out of someone and especially a certain someone becuz they pulled a completely <propmale> move
so the two classes that i thought i was going to fail posted my grades finally  i didnt fail! so far i have a c and a b so we'll wait and see what i got in the other two classes 
"passed all the classes! 2 a's, a b, and a c"
need to take a shower while the girls are both sleeping  dr appt today and then another appt with the eye dr tomorrow   so sick of having to go to the dr
my blood pressure is finally getting reasonable  im at 128 88 now! oh and ive lost 5 more lbs!  laugh 
so freakin tired even after my hour and a half nap  love 
c:
awesome christmas!  love 
 love 
seriously getting annoyed that i my computer isnt letting me upload any new pictures 
such a blah day   just gonna chill with the  kids and <propfirst> and catch up on my book  love 
happy new years!  love  2010
happy new years! its not really new years unless your drunk! be safe!
wow seems like we've had really bad luck the past few weeks   hopefully things turn more positive soon 
wish i had a million dollars so i could get a new car and stop worrying about the peice of shit we already have that doesnt even run at the moment  annoyed 
need more sleep
my poor babies are both sick
i really want to get a tattoo  like im craving  it!
bounce back texas!
my poor babys so sick  emmi wont quit fussying 
tired of all the sickness going around my house! i cant tell whether im getting better or worse  at least the kids seem better 
needs to figure out what to do for alyssas birthday  any ideas?
just got back from alyssas dr and walmart  im already beat for the day c:
thinking about watching the second season of true blood on demand   c:
just kicked ass cleaning the kitchen and dining room and reorganizing cabinets! c:
hopefully we have a new car not this weekend but the next! [:
wishes i could go back to sleep
just got back from a walk to the park with my girls  love 
first day of classes tomorrow and already having issues but im still excited to be back  love 
long day! so worn out but it was fun going to the gym again and now i can relax with my favorite people in the world  love 
was way more nervous then i shouldve been  the whole thing was a snap
 annoyed 
just got back from looking at cars and now im waiting for the family to come chill  i cant wait to see those little punk ass kids! gotta love em  love 
needs a god damn car! dont even have a car to go look for cars in!
"busy, busy, busy  love "
got a new car!! 2003 mitsubishi diamonte! for 4770 its pretty bad ass  laugh   love 
she could at least be grateful and appreciative! we put ourselves in a fucked up position to help her and instead of being understanding that she fucked up she wants to bitch at us! we wouldve been fine if we never helped her! i just dont understand  so fucked up!  annoyed 
"oh yeah just to let people know, i lost my phone so if i dont answer thats why  if you wanna reach me call stephens "
"i should be more relaxed, worry free, but for some reason i just cant stop worrying about everything   i just feel overwhelmed sometimes"
"honestly, i dont ever care"
so freakin tired
"bout to lay the crazy kid down and then either watch a movie, teen mom, or true blood with <propfirst> "
eating breakfast with my girls  wanna go shopping today  love 
about to drop the kids off! excited for our first night alone since our emmi   love 
grilling some steaks and drinking a beer with <propfirst>  love 
feeling good  love 
getting annoyed becuz now stephens crappy phone isnt working!
ok so i finally got another phone! i need <propfirst>  love 
why cant everything be easy
just finished cleaning the shit out of my house  laugh 
drinking with my siblings and stepho  love   laugh 
"i know you don't smoke weed, i know this, but i'm gonna get you high today, 'cause it's friday  you ain't got no job    and you ain't got shit to do "
happy valentines day!  love 
"\frankly my dear i dont give a damn \""  love """
listening to some pink <propmale> to calm my mind   
i feel like my head is about to e playful lode
"i love nights like this  just us four, chilling, radio on, relaxed  i love my girls and i love their daddy  love "
put alot of pictures up that i found  so old  if anyone absolutely hates theirs ill take it down just let me know lol
i know what i want   and then i know what i should do   what do i do  annoyed 
if you dont chew big red then fuck you  smile 
thinks winning the lottery would solve a lot of my problems  if only     laugh 
"out of the tons of umbrellas ive accumalted over the years, i happened to grab the ghettoist of them all  how the hell does an umbrella get tangled??? on top of that i can barely keep my eyes open  im so ready to go home!  love "
"ugh, the day i have the test i have to pass emmi's up all night  it'll be ok  i study last night and ill study my ass off on the bus and right before class "
home  love 
 love 
miss my sister  annoyed  but i love talking to her on the phone!  love 
**it's first child week  change your profile pic to a pic of your first born  then copy and paste this to your status **
i wanna watch some <propmale> and <propmale>! who remembers that movie!  smile 
listening to the radio and cleaning  smile    miss <propfirst> but im glad he is having fun shootin' stuff lol!
only 4 more hours  annoyed    im so ready to be home   
god i need a job
"aw, im sad  we sold the sebring  annoyed   my first car  wish we couldve kept it  we'll probably need it eventually  well we got 1000 for it  bought the thing for 4250  but i guess we did good considering it wasnt running great "
i know i should go to sleep but im just not in the mood   
blah  too early 
"\whats happening hot stuff?\"""""
missing the family but glad to be back home   really wanting a kidless night with just <propfirst> and kinda craving some chicken spaghetti     love 
"\what's red and smells like blue paint? red paint \"" lol"""
"feel like i should be doing something, taking advantage of this awesome weather   love "
"watching the birdcage  \ your shaving your chest now!\"" lol"""
i miss <propmale> barker on price is right  <propfirst> <propfirst> doesnt really seem to fit as well 
beautiful day with the family  love 
trying to get miss emmi to sleep so me and <propfirst> can play some poker  love 
just me and him tonight  love 
"\if i get stoned and sing all night long its a family tradition   \""  love """
love him  love 
blah need someone to <propfemale> with  annoyed 
test tomorrow that i havent even st<propmale>ed studying for and an <propmale> project i completely forgot about due on wednesday!  annoyed 
miss emmi has her bottom teeth coming in!
the time travelers wife was an awesome movie but now that im reading the book i have to say the book is a thousand times better!  love 
driving me insane
almost forgot how much teething sucks  annoyed 
surprised at how much energy i have this morning  love 
finished my <propmale> project and with two hours to spare!!
just finished giving the girls a bath and laying <propfemale> down  im beat now  ready to chill with <propfirst>  love 
watching twilight  love 
"lmao \donka dubal\"" - chick on the soup"""
so the new <propfemale> movie was way better than the twilight movie  makes me excited for eclipse!!  love 
"\before you were conceived i wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour old i would die for you  this is the miracle of life \"" put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself """
feeling good about the interview but wont know anything for sure til tomorrow  its a three part interview so if they do call me i still have two more interviews!
"trying to stay up for when my parents get here  cant wait to see them, the kids, and the puppies!  love "
wow just acted like a crackhead and cleaned the crap out of my house lol  if it wasnt so late id vacuum! it deff needs it     love 
chillin with the family  so tired and frustrated but im going to try to have a good night!  love 
feeling alittle better now! one less thing to worry about  thanks <propfemale>! happy i get to chill with my little bro and sis  wish they could stay forever!  love 
happy easter! i always hate it when they have to leave and im gonna miss them alot but im going to spend the rest of this day relaxing with <propfirst>  love 
finally finished my bio homework   really dont feel like studying
test
got my the last part of my interview wednesday and then ill know if i have a job or not! ive got a good feeling right now like things are gonna turn around for us  knock on wood  smile   love 
kinda got a little buzz going lol  smile 
somethings gotta change and soon   
honestly so sick of it   
i got the job  smile 
"\the real reason for not committing suicide is because you always know how swell life gets again after the hell is over \"""""
wish we had some people to chill with  itd be nice if everyone could come here for once   i miss getting to party with everyone like how it was before 
"yeah, some people are just fucked up   it doesnt bother me as much as it bothers him so that makes me even more mad  whatever  some people just arent worth it "
blah  so i have a last minute employee meeting with besy buy at 7 am  they just now called me! whatever though! im just happy to have a j o b  lol  smile 
oh yeah! my phones disconnected so if anyone needs to get ahold of me call text stephens number  if you dont know it message me! man im in a good ass mood   
long morning  ready to just chill for the rest of the day   
today was my first official day of work!  smile 
"\you bowl like your mama unless of course she bowls well  in which case you bowl nothing like her   \"""""
"at the dr with emmi for her 4 months shots  its taking forever, like usual "
 smile 
tired of this bipolar shit  i truly wish it wasnt this way but none of its in my hands  i can only do so much  nothings going to change if im the only one trying   
too early
im   unsure about how i feel today  thats crazy and makes no sense but its true lol  smile 
wondering when best buys going to call me and let me know what time i need to be at work on saturday   smile 
"\i worry i won't see your face light up again  even the best fall down sometimes  even the wrong words seem to rhyme  out of the doubt that fills my mind  i somehow find you and i collide   \"""""
about to go to the museum  smile 
"has \i could fall in love\"" by <propfemale> in my head lol"""
work tomorrow  shouldve took <propfirst> up on straightening my hair cuz i really dont feel like doing it   
done with orientation  now im stuck waiting for <propfirst>  i shouldve just taken the car cuz this sucks lol
beat
hungover  annoyed 
"so just finished my lab final in bio  so much to do this week  two papers, emmis doc, and then work  fun!  wink "
been cleaning up throw up all morning  fun! poor alyssas sick  sad 
got off work early!! now im taking a break  need to finish up this paper fast 
feeling good right now  feel like supermom! lol
needs to get off facebook and finish getting ready for work lol
emmi has shots today  its gonna suck taking both the girls to the doc alone but i think i can handle it   maybe   i hope  annoyed 
worn out
"\i have become comfortably numb   \"""""
such a nice day  wish we had something to do   
done stressin' over the past  im going to live in the present and for the future!  smile   love 
about to get ready for work  cant wait for the weekend!  smile 
long day at work  cant wait until summer! only a couple more weeks!  smile 
only a couple more weeks until summer  love 
so ready for the weekend!
its going to be ok  smile   love 
"\i want to be forever young\"""""
thank god its friday
its never the way it seems or really its always the way it seems but i just wish it wasnt 
no kids tonight! time to party lol
i guess i passed out  i wanna go back to sleep except emmi peed all over my bed and my extra sheets smell funky lol  gotta do a load of laundry now  damnit im fucking tired   
all time favorite song has to be down in it by nin  i fuckin love that song 
sometimes it doesnt matter how much you want something or how much you love someone   
like a dead <propfemale> in a field of daisys
i refuse to live like this
wants that southwest jalapeno burger from applebees
"\we're never going to be normal  that's what? makes us superior \"""""
mandatory meeting for work at 8 am on mothers day! sucks   
thanks for all the happy mothers day wishes and happy mothers day to all the mommies!
trying to stop procrastinating  i need to study for my political science final tomorrow   
really wanting to go to the beach  smile 
about to take <propfirst> to work and then come straight home and get ready to go to work myself  im too tired today  annoyed   plus i get to come home and spend the rest of my night studying for my three finals tomorrow!
can not stop thinking about <propfemale> corral  im so hungry lol 
almost done with my finals! one more left then i can go home!
guess i should go to my final now   wish me luck! its my last one and then in done!  smile 
"blah, work   at least this is my friday! better njoy it  next week i only get saturday off! doesnt matter much as long as im making money lol"
so tired   traded shifts so i wouldnt have to work my bday weekend so now im working saturday  annoyed   at least i have tomorrow to sit around and be lazy lol 
wants this next week to go by quickly so it can be my birthday already  smile 
day off  smile 
mmm panda e playful ress   now im ready for bed lol  im beat   smile 
i  love  the rain
gonna drink a beer then get comfy and watch private practice  wink 
"\we'll get there fast but then we'll take it slow   \""  love """
 wink 
"\we're damn good too  you gotta be handy with the steal if you know what i mean  gotta earn your keep \""  love  it"""
why is it everytime i drink i wanna put the lyrics to every song as my status lol
birthdays in one week!
so theres gonna be a hangover 2!? wow   
home  love 
birthdays in less than one week!  smile 
my baby sounds like chewbacca
work in an hour an a half and i have cramps! yay!  wink 
"just got home, ate dinner, and immediatley passing out  even longer day tomorrow! at least i have my bday weekend off!! only 5 more days!"
work from 12-9 today  long day   
completely overwhelmed right now   i wish that life would give me one fucking break
<propfirst>  love 
amazing night  love 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! i  love  you all!
 love 
blissful  love 
i miss <propfirst> already   cant wait until works over  plus district is gonna be there today   
steak n' shake was the shit! thanks kiki  wink 
"\happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open   \""  love  sometimes you forget why you fell in love in the first place and all you need is a simple reminder of why this person means the world to you  it can easily change everything   """
next on my list: beach! if only i can get a break from work so we can go   hopefully soon 
just   alitle fucked up lol
ugh   to hungover and tired for work but the time and a half makes it seem alot nicer lol
wants  dennys
stressed   
wish i didnt have ot work all weekend and as far as i know saturday of next weekend so i could go to the beach  maybe the weekendafter that   
sometimes you just have to let it go and see how everything flows on its own  smile 
look at my pictures of the girls and tell me which ones are the best ones that i should print out at walgreens pleeeaassee! wink 
"yeah, i give you too much credit   "
"going to eat, maybe drink a beer, and chill  smile   love "
"had a goodnight with my neighbors, now im gonna drunk chill with my <propfirst>  smile "
"shower, grocery shoppping, then work  smile "
"what to eat, what to eat  smile "
how pathetic is it im overly excited about renewing my electricity contract and getting a cent less rate lol  i think i need to get out more  smile 
mmmm   homemade lasagna  love 
"does not feel like going to work today, but i love making money  smile "
so tired
so tired  no weekend for me   again  well at least im racking up the hours and i have some time to spend with my favorite little sister and the parents  smile 
cant wait for my sister to get here!  love 
about to go swimming with the girls and jor love 
does not feel like going to work at 3  then i get to stay there until 10! another fun saturday night lol at least im making money!  smile 
its like one big mind fuck  its always back and forth  im done with the bipolar emotions  ive taken myself out of the equation and yet i still see the same end results  i wonder why that is? there is only one common factor   
rummy  love 
thank god i have off tomorrow! oh and next saturday i have off!!maybe beach?  smile 
"work til 8, then im coming home and going to lay my ass in bed and watch tv  nothing else lol   "
just finished registering for my classes  its going to definitely be different this semester  we'll see how the whole night tihng 
just got home from the park with my girls and it is hot  time to make dinner   
look at me wasting time on facebook when i have to finish getting ready for work lol  wink 
yall need to add my works <propfemale> (best buy northwest crossings) lol     wink 
had a busy morning but got to eat dennys for lunch which makes up for it all  smile 
y poor babys so fussy  poor thing had to get 4 shots   
wonders if im ever going to be able  to chill on my days off   it seems like every off day i have i just get pissed off and annoyed  i need some me time 
so if you guys really wanna help me out you can suggest my best buy northwest crossing <propfemale> to all your friends  i just wanna get the word of the <propfemale> and the store out  thanks to everyone whos like my works <propfemale> so far!  love  u guys  smile 
feeling pretty good right about now lol
thinking of having a party next weekend  anyone down   
just slightly hungover lol   lots to do in a very short amount of time 
mmm vodka soaked watermelon  love 
really doesnt need a dog but really liking balls (thats his name pervs)
"just watched a guy looking into our cars and then get arrested because of it  plus he had drugs and a crow bar  then he just kept telling the cops \white people dont like me \"" no bitch youre going to jail for trying to steal peoples shit """
watching deadliest catch  so sad ];
first saturday off in a month! now wtf do i do   
can i just fucking relax before work! is that impossible?
so chicken and dumplings   we'll see how this turns out  smile 
turned out amazing! was a great dinner and its going to be awesome munchies in about 5 minutes   
"why do i always have bad luck? three days before payday and my cars battery is fucking up, among other things   "
deadliest catch  love 
if its not one thing its another   
these apartments are ghetto as hell   i need to move 
almost the 4th and i still dont know what we are doing   
im thinking casa ole or los cucos tonight  smile 
its hot as fuck in this house  these damn maintenence guys need to come fix my shit!
i dont feel good  i feel weird   
happy 4th of july! had a great night  now im ready to pass out and maybe <propmale> e cheese tomorrow   
my kids have too much energy  smile 
deadliest catch time  love 
sucks not having internet  at least every now and then i get good enough signal that i can bum off some rnadom person in my apartments   
cant wait to go to the beach saturday!  smile 
5 years on the 21st  love 
eclipse + alcoholic beverages + food + no kids =  love 
ready for a change   
5 years  love 
why am i still up   
definitely needs a new computer asap   
rain  love 
it trips me out thinking about the past and all the people and events that helped shaped me   ok too deep  i think its time to go to sleep lol  wink 
cant wait for this weekend  i need a break  maybe we'll got to the beach finally   
this shit is getting old   
southern comfort =  love 
just   alittle fucked up lol   feeling pretty good lol  smile 
<propmale> <propmale>' tears cure cancer   too bad <propmale> <propmale> doesnt cry 
avatar was amazing! such a great movie   
"little children wear superman pajamas, but superman wears <propmale> <propmale> pajamas"
so lets see how dumb the 41 year old virgin who knocked up <propfemale> <propfirst> and felt superbad about it is  smile 
so tonight its the bounty <propmale>  i have a feeling itll be alot better then last nights movie  smile 
will finally have internet on the 17th!
mmm   hot brownies covered in caramel with ice cream on top  wink 
"all i wanna do is lounge around, watching tv, and being lazy but i have to make money so i better get ready for work   "
"so glad to be home, ready to pass out   "
"now that i have cable i need to catch up on all my \stories\"" lol"""
hmmm   i want a <propfemale>  maybe ill make some <propfemale>'s tomorrow night!  smile 
strawberry margaritas and fajitas   and the good thing is im making them myself so i can make them as strong as i want  wink 
so tired  meeting in the morning   damn that sucks
my life is about to be getting really busy   
"im beat, gonna try and catch up on some of my shows and then pass out"
so i finally got my phone on! my <propfirst> different though  its 713-566-1874!
forget the earth  he's got the urge to pull his <propmale> from the dirt and fuck the universe   
i can not wait until the weekend  i need a break   
i need to go to sleep but i have a feeling ill just be staring at the ceiling   
just went super grocery shopping! now i can relax and maybe drink a beer or two   
i wish it was thursday already so i didnt have to do shit tomorrow   
why is <propfirst> beiber so pale!? because there is no light in the closet lmao
ah! <propfemale> may is driving me insane!
"mmmm, chinese take out and true blood  love "
never too tired for true blood
sometimes you just gotta do what you gotta do   
 annoyed 
"it's hard to wait around for something that you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up, especially when it's everything you ever wanted"
"my daughter is controlling my music selection right now  she's only let me stop on songs by do or die, <propfirst> derulo, and lil <propmale> so far lol"
i dont know what to believe anymore   
"so, i have a paper due tomorrow about a movie and i cant remember anything about it   "
"bills, bills, bills!"
blah my feet are killing me! at least i have tomorrow off so i can relax finally   
"white shirt! white shirt! howd ya get your shirt so white, white shirt!?"
"it is too nice of a day to just sit in the house  what to do, what to do?"
kick ass kicked ass!  smile 
hmmm   should i get highlights or too much work?
new glasses tomorrow and maybe hair cut  smile 
"yay! they approved my declaration of my <propmale>! i am now officially pursuing my bachelor of arts degree in interdisciplinary studies, early childhood-6th grade generalist!  smile "
i finally found my phone!!  smile 
i hate criss angel
i have had the longest week   thank god its almost friday and we are going to the beach!! itll be both my girlies first time!  love 
my babies love the beach! so relaxed now   i needed this 
miss the beach but am happy to be home  love 
so tired and sore  i wish i didnt have anything to do tomorrow but it looks like tomorrow is going to be a busy busy day   
pizza  love 
tomorrow is my stephens birthday and i want to make sure its extra special and not in a dirty way you pervs  smile 
making enchiladas for stephens birthday!  smile 
time to give the girls a bath and then try and work on this stupid ass geography project
too much to do  annoyed 
munchies  love 
scratch that   munchies and <propfemale> and wonderland  love 
so much homework!
"will this week never end? damn, it just began   "
day off  love 
"too much to do, too little time   "
gotta love friday  love 
really needed a <propfemale>
i miss my little brother and sister! i hate not being there for them when they need me  sad 
i lost count of how many ritas i had a long time ago   
faith fell short this time   
"i love that <propfemale> knows who <propmale> marley is  everytime she sees a picture of him she asks, \thats <propmale> marley?\""  love her  love """
fuck these apartments  our waters been out since 4pm and they are telling us all its the city and its the whole area but then i call and find out that its just our apartment and they have only recieved one call from the apartment  they are just now sending someone out! isnt it there job to make sure someone comes out and on top of that they shouldnt be lieing to us! i hate this ghetto ass place! ok   end rant  
i like it on the floor
still no water!
"cant wait to talk to the manager of these stupid apartments  ive got my facts straight  ive talked to the water company, the city, and read up on he texas property codes and my own lease  so im so ready  smile "
"beauiful day, too bad i have school and im absolutely broke"
does not feel like going to school   
hopefully this class gets out early  i wana go home and eat stephens chili!
stupid b in my class was suppose to partner up with me and then she ends up bailing and joining another group then acting like it was my fault because i didnt answer her emails when i check my sent messages inbox and its the other way around  so now im screwed with this stupid project  wtf is up with early childhood classes and having to be in groups? itd be alot simpler if i could just do it by myself   
does not feel like making this lesson plan   
feels like i havent had a day off in forever  this is turning out to be a pretty perfect sunday  smile 
come on texans! you can beat the ass raiders even without <propmale>!
i wish i could just magically make money so i wouldnt have to do shit today   
i like it on the floor
had fun playing with all the kids outside  smile 
off to work   at least this is sort of like my friday 
craving biscuits and gravy  i think ill make some homemade tonight  smile 
has had a really good day  love 
"maybe traders village   im feeling a turkey leg right now, and of course i want to see the puppies  smile "
had a good time at traders village with the family  now time for a nap lol  i wish  time for homework 
just cleaned the sh*t out of my house! about to eat lunch with my girls then its nap time for them and maybe ill get to play dragon age  smile 
wants to go shopping for the girls halloween costumes tomorrow  smile 
"teen mom made me cry  <propfirst> and catelynn were too sweet  <propfemale> was annoying and whiney as always, <propfemale> was psycho, and maci was maci  i love that show! cant wait to see what dr drew has to say about all thats happened especially with the crazy bitches   "
"needs to make some changes but right now, overall things are looking up  smile "
wants to leave this class to start on some of the enormous mound of hw i have before my group meeting but of course we have to write a paper on this stupid movie   
is going to go shopping with my sister for halloween junk and maybe lunch and starbucks  smile 
have my girls costumes and most of mine! i cant wait for halloween now!
great game for the texans! now i have to somehow finish all this homework and crap   
just not in a good mood right now   
"wants to get this day over with already  hopefully theres no crazies at work today, i pass my test, and i dont have to present my ridiculously embaressing lesson plan video  cross your fingers!"
8 1 2  sad 
"it's mommy week, post this with the moment you became one   \\<propfemale> may koska january 25, 2007 @4:45pm 1lb 11oz 14 1 2 in\emmalyn <propfemale> koska december 4, 2009 @2:45pm 8lbs 1oz 20 3 4 in"
ready for this semester to be over   
park after dinner love 
finally finished my paper  now to finally watch teen mom from last night     smile 
has a huge headache  cant wait to go christmas shopping tomorrow and healthy foods shopping and more long term i cant wait for the next semester so i can schedule better so i wont miss my babies so much 
god did something great when he made nintendo 64! about to whoop <propfirst> at some <propfirst> cart 64!  smile 
so ridiculously tired  about to play n64  is it pathetic that im super excited to use my new vacuum tomorrow lol   
does not want to go to work   
does not feel good  i need a massage :[
i want a tatttoo so bad  no scratch that i need one and soon 
i need to figure out how i am going to do my hair for halloween   
"if you want to support breast cancer awareness, go to my <propfemale> and upload my profile picture as your own profile picture  then search for barnes & <propmale> college and like them  after that post that you did it on their wall  for every person who changes their profile picture they are donating $1 to the national breast cancer coalition  support the cause!"
"every person has 1000 wishes, but a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer "
carving a pumpkin with the family! poo poo's not very interested though lol
"it's just a jump to the left, and then a step to the right  with your hands on your hips  you bring your knees in tight  but it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane, let's do the time warp again!"
ready to go home  too bad i have 4 more hours   
about to go vote  smile 
"\hey! theres skittles in there!\"" i could watch the hangover a million times and never get tired of it """
"just woke up from an awesome nap after taking the girls to the park with <propfirst> and my parents  next we are grilling steaks with bacon wrapped asparagus, cucumber salad, and homemade mash potatoes  maybe a movie later  a great night  smile   love "
"ok so i didnt go to the party last night, should i still dress up just to take the kids trick or treating? i feel like itd be a waste of the costume  should i save it for next year or still dress up?"
cant wait to get the girls dressed up!
had a good time trick or treating with the kids  now im gonna pass out   
i know its freezing in class yet i never remember to bring a jacket 
why am i still awake?
is getting really frustrated with these early childhood classes   
no work tomorrow!  smile 
love the weather  its a nice change from the regular hot and humid     smile 
"ok yall help me choose one for emmis bday  im leaning towars the ballpit jsut because i think she'd love it but it just seems so small  what do yall think?\\http annoyed  kingkongpartyrentals com kingkongpartyrentals-toddler-moonwalk-and-ballpit-combo html"
"wow, just saw the <propfemale> rape scene on private practice and just wow  tomorrows episode is going to be super dramatic and intense   "
f*** these apartments! ill break my lease and leave this bitch before i pay that much!
not as drunk as i thought id be by now  smile 
wish i didnt have a test today so i can handle all these apartment issues now and not go to class   
"blah, work  better get ready   "
needs to think  annoyed 
we'll figure it all out   
cross your fingers for me  smile 
been so busy the past few days  cant wait to have all this over with   
i hate people who think that if u say excuse me then its ok to interupt and on top of that just keep talking
cant wait for this semester to be over  i need a break   
sore all over  my back is killing me   
 smile  thats all
so emmis birthday party is on the 4th  if anyone wants to go just let me know and ill give u all the details 
is like completely overloaded  so much to do and all at once 
change your profile picture for one of your childhood cartoon characters and invite your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any human faces on facebook until monday  only an invasion of memories  (for the fight against child abuse) copy and paste to your wall
absolutely loves my new apartment  love 
my poopster is walking! such a big girl! cant believe my baby is walking and she'll be one year old this saturday  );
would love to to have one peaceful holiday without some sort of drama
seeing all these cartoons is getting all their theme songs stuck in my head lol   
overall a great party  a little sad that my baby is getting so big so fast  already one year old     annoyed 
"soooo sleepy today  this is my \lazy day\""  or at least im going to be as lazy as my kids allow me to be  smile """
its a pillow! its a pet! its a pillow pet! lol   who the f comes up with these songs  i mean not much thought was put into that one   smile 
i wanna know what the whole number game is   
ok so i wanna play the number game thing now that i actually know whats going on lol  so message me people!
#007 i havent known you for that long and i dont get to see you a lot but you're super sweet  you have an amazing smile and you make my cousin happy so that makes me happy!  smile 
#8675309 ily! you are one of the most amazing people i know  i think you are so smart and just so honest and genuine  i really miss you and just chilling the way we used to  you are so resiliant(sp?) and a great friend  youve helped me through some rough shit and i hope you know that im there for you too if you need me! i look up to you!  smile 
#543 you are an awesome guy! i remember you all the way back from middle school  i always thought you were hilarious and i love how striaght forward you are  it trips me out how much youve grown and changed and you have an amazing family now!
#1990 i miss all our talks in mrs youngs class  you were so sweet and ill always remember your great fashion sense   wink 
#1234567 you know i love you! you are probably the best friend ive ever had  even when all my other friends walked away you stuck with me  even when i got all weird you were still my friend lol  you are the only person i can truly trust and i miss you everyday  i really do  you are one of the most amazing people ive ever met and so beautiful inside and out  ily!  smile 
"#333 you are such a nice, considerate person  you dont care what people thnk and i think thats amazing  youre a really good person and should be proud of yourself!"
#357 you are such a bad ass chick! you dont give a fuck what anyone says and you stick with what you believe no matter what  youre crazy(in a good way) and a great friend  you are one of those people who people are lucky to know!
#24 sweet! your are just such a sweet heart  i miss seeing you at the bus stop and just talking  you are one of the sweetest guys i know  you have such a good heart! you dont always get what you deserve but you work hard for everything you have and are proud of yourself! those are great qualities! one day you will have it all!
just watched <propfirst> pilgrims vs the world  weird but funny  watch should we watch tomorrow night? something at redbox because im cheap lol   
"happy birthday, mama! i love you!  smile "
"the e playful endables was actually a really good  movie! this made up for stephens earlier in the week choice, greensberg  sucked "
"am i dating the weirdest guy ever? yes, and i love it!  smile "
"wishes i had money to do something tonight  rent a movie, a game, go out, drink something  im craving jello shots lol  oh well, i guess ill just have to come up with something   "
got a pretty nice buzz from <propfirst>s everclear and hawaiin punch  thanks <propfirst>!  wink 
"listening to <propfirst> joels \uptown girl\""  in a singing mood     smile """
i drink redbull
is ready for the next semester  this one did not go so well for me  annoyed 
has the pajanimals song in my head
homemade enchiladas tonight! thanks <propfemale>!  smile 
just finished giving the girls a bath after we decorated our tree   smile 
"getting frustrated with this crappy computer  keys sticking, keys not even working, and randomly typing stuff even when im not touching the keyboard  yeah, i really need a new computer   "
doesnt know what i want to do for new years <propfemale>  i just know i want to do something different   
feels so good about everything right now! i hope nothing changes that 
i dont bust back because i shoot first  wink 
yoga tonight  smile 
really wants to put up all my new pics but cant find my stupid usb cable for the camera!
watching iron man with <propfirst>
looks like the same old scenario   lets hope thats not the case  annoyed 
cant wait for tomorrow! kid free! if only we didnt have to have the kids when we go shopping tomorrow  its still going to be amazing though lol 
my mouth is killing me  i dont know if its my wisdom tooth or what but i can barely swallow or open my mouth  sad 
so im thinking its an abscess  this shit hurts bad!
yayyyy! i finally got my internet to work after hours of customer service with both netgear and gateway  lol im just happy to have internet again!
oh my god my mouth is so sore  this is one of the worst pains i have ever felt  even those vicodins the doc prescribed arent doing shit  i just hope i can get some sleep tonight   
is getting pretty annoyed that i cant eat anything good because of this bitch ass abscess  gotta wake up early in the morning too  first day of school tomorrow!  smile 
excited about all the amazing books i ordered for the girls! i dont know if ill be able to keep them away until alyssas bday!  smile 
"i'm not super superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i can't let that person be me! this may be bullshit but i cant trust that lol   "
making blueberry pancakes for the girls  smile 
needs to be asleep right now but instead im on facebook! ha!
"i have to bribe my kid with food to go to sleep lol  i told her if she goes to sleep ill make her eggs and bacon when she wakes up and she said \eggs and bacon  oh boy!\"" and actually went to sleep  god i love that kid!  smile """
so keeping my promise im making the girls bacon and eggs   smile 
going to get my haircut and eybrows done in a little bit and then me and the girls are going to go to the park  if we can handle the cold lol 
at beauty brands waiting to get my hair cut finally  im thinking short   
too short   but its ok itll grow back  and i guess it looks ok   annoyed 
ugh! i thought i registered for a sudnay class but its a freakin saturday class  so that means i have to change it again   
just got back from visiting my nanny  its so sad seeing her like that but she was happy to see the girls  next i have to vist my mamaw  lots of stuff to do and yet all i want to do is be lazy   
feels good because i was actually able to get some stuff done before work school 
long day  going to watch house and then off to bed  cant believe my baby is going to be 4! she told <propfirst> she was so excited for her birthday lol 
todays the day! <propfemale> may koska is officially 4 years old! she started out a little grumpy but she chose cinamon toast and apple sauce for breakfast and did a great job of choosing her bday outfit  now its either the zoo or <propmale> e cheese  we'll see which one she chooses!
making meatloaf tonight  needs to figure out what to do about alyssas party   
needs to find someone to watch my kiddos  itll suck to have to take them to the dps!
going to vent some of my frustrations by cleaning   
wish life could be a lot more simple    
lots of homework to do!
so i need everyones <propfirst>! my phone finalyl crapped out so i got a new one!
had so much planned for today and got nothing done at all   i need more time 
lights went out! it was actually kind of fun!
"\favorite non-pornographiuc magazine to masturbate to? good housekeeping!\"" love step brothers """
i havent gone outside yet   im a little nervous lol
"in class  i hope she lets us leave early because if it really does snow i dont want to be driving  plus i i have errands to run, possible shopping to do   smile "
"this is possibly the most boring class   im sure ive had worse, but at this moment it is at the top of the list   "
"i love lil <propmale>, but im sorry i like the \black & yellow\"" song more then his \""green & yellow\"" """
its not fair   
going to sit back and watch my shows and try to forget all this bs
cant sleep
i really hope i get my phone today   
its beaten and bruised   and its red
cant wait to see my little sister and brother  and oh yeah my parents lol   smile 
<propfirst> kelpen is the most beautiful and perfect sister i could ever ask for smile  i love that chickk love 
"it was really exhausting at first but turned out great! now just chilling with <propfirst> kelpen and <propfirst> kelpen  hopefully <propfirst> kelpen, <propfirst> <propmale>, and <propfemale> blanco will be coming back soon!"
mmmm rasberry rum and tea  the shit  love 
the black eye peas were pretty badass  i bet it wouldve been fucking amazing to actually be there 
finally got my phone! so i need everyones <propfirst> now!
i love my new phone!
gotta love my gh
watching the nanny when i should be sleeping 
so lazy  wish i had the day off to just bask in my laziness   
2 more hours   
"emmi doesnt feel good  poor baby, this is going to be a fun day     annoyed "
on a mission   
finally done watching all my shows  time to sleep   
"drinking a beer, about to eat some carls jr   "
is the universe against me doing my homework? everytime i sit down and start something comes up   
that was a badass performance  with dre and eminem on the grammys!
kind of annoyed that recovery didnt win more awards!
ok so i started on beer went to whiskey then ended up with mdtwanky-twanky  lmao    just a little drunk now  smile 
happy valentines day!  wink 
"wants an ice cold, calorie and sugar packed coke"
has dealt with the craziest customers today  once you work in retail it really changes your perspective and the way you treat people   
sitting in traffic on 529   fun 
just finished my whole educational technology project in less than 4 hours  glad to have that off my shoulders   
am so happy that we didnt get accepted to those ghetto ass apartments  its been 4 months and they have yet to refund my deposit  ive talked to these people a million times  $40 isnt a lot of money but its the moral of it all  im not going to let this go   
 annoyed 
damn it feels good to be a ganster     wink 
"has that \fuck you\"" song in my head   """
"i love sundays! the food, the atmosphere, its all better  more relaxing, calm  it just seems like everythings ok when its sunday "
my poor baby is so sick  being nurse <propfemale> tonight   sad 
whooping ass at sports champions on the move! lol cant wait to beat <propfirst> and <propfirst> at that shit!
super sore from playing the move last night  i didnt think my shoulders could be this sore lol  and thats just from sports champions  cant wait until i get the zumba fitness   
its so funny watching <propfirst> playing the move lol
i think theres a ghost tht lives in my house  annoyed 
stuck in traffic with no radio  this sucks   
i think im addicted to this game lol   im sitting here hanging out and i keep thinking about what i have to do next on the game
"\i need a doctor to bring me back to life   i told the world one day i  i would pay it back   but i dont know if i believe it what im saying that    i just need a <propfirst> of that   you pick me up   i owe my life too you   \"""""
think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour  do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting  i hope to see this in the status of all my friends
<propfirst> better hurry his ass up so i can go to work   
got more homework done then i thought i would  its so quiet without my <propfemale> here 
"so sad i dont have hbo anymore  im going to miss my true blood   at least i read the book for this season already so i know what the hell is going on, but still ill miss seeing the guy who plays <propfirst> shirtless lol "
starbucks sounds good   
loves the sun drop comercial lol
"after years of driving dirty, i finally got my license! lol"
"oh my gosh, i almost dropped my phone in my booze lol  that would have been horrible   smile "
"so tired and lazy  i just want to sit around like a bum and do nothing, but off to work i go "
"in <propfirst> with the family  got super wasted last night so tonight i think ima just chill, watch some movies, and eat some fajitas!  smile "
making banana nut muffins and scrambled eggs for the girls then i have an online test im going to have to start on  i can not wait for this semester to be over!  smile 
