b6dfe43e059c91917841066e07707210
"ahh, my first day of a much needed week-long vacation   i've also decided that my new year's resolution is going to involve changing my overall mood and outlook on life in some positive way   i haven't quite fleshed it out, yet "
"ya know, i think i actually would like this over twitter   yeah   yeah, it's better "
"got my picture up finally   i know, i don't talk much   i'm a bit antisocial-networking   laugh   gonna try to work on that "
"well, spent thanksgiving at the hospital with ally and my mother-in-law   it was more fun than it sounds, though   i hope you all had a happy one!  all celebratin' what <propfemale> thankful for and what-not "
"snow, snow, go away   come back on a later date when i'm not working and can enjoy you   please!  --stupid snow never listens to me "
"2011, here we come!\happy new year, and may all your resolutions come to fruition!"
yay  snow   here's hoping i don't get stuck at work!
big congrats to the saints!
"oh, and happy v-day and chinese new year to all!"
"my job security is currently on shaky grounds, so i'm sending out feelers for any opportunities out there   if you know of any prime job openings in the area, preferrably in the office clerical or graphic design fields, i would greatly appreciate sending them my way!  thanks!"
"going to bed   got a lot accomplished last night, and plan to do even more tonight   world, watch out!"
decided it's time to make a change in our lives   official decrease in food consumption and increase in healthy activity will now commence!  just basic exercise and calorie counting for now; will worry about more details later 
"wishes google chrome had noscript - best plugin of firefox, hands down "
special k bars -> the best 90 calorie snacks in existence   no contest 
my hovercraft is full of eels 
"whew!  just spent about 5 hours making a presentation for my biology class   glad that's over with!  i mean, i did enjoy it, but boy am i spent   now, back to work   playful "
"so, we had someone quit today at the super 8 in clemmons   if anyone knows a good, dependable person who needs some extra cash, we have an opening for 2 days a week, most likely every other week   it's saturday sunday morning shift (7am-3pm) "
"what is more important annoyed 1  (a) anonymity or (b) accountability?\2  (a) safety or (b) freedom?\3  (a) success or (b) happiness?\\i wish i lived in a world where we all chose (b), but i think most of us are a bunch of (a)'s "
gogo transhumanism!  http annoyed  tinyurl com 3xzrzbr
"thank you all for the birthday wishes!  it was fun, except for the having to work part   sad "
"i finally got caught up on every episode of true blood   i gotta say, that is one of the best tv series of all time, no doubts   know of a better one?  post it!"
"for a class project, and perhaps a little curiosity on my part, i have a question for all you stedings out there annoyed what can you remember about my personality when i was young?  you can reply with a short story, a brief memory, or just a good one-word description of the \little tyke\"" me you all remember   nothing too embarrassing!   wink \",b6dfe43e059c91917841066e07707210,happy birthday <propfirst> sagan 
"extremely depressing news today - <propfirst> nielsen is dead at the age of 84   good night, sweet <propmale> of comedy "
"happy, happy!  joy, joy!"
i connected facebook to my http annoyed  flavors me <propfemale> - http annoyed  flavors me steding_joel
i just want to take this time to bring everyone an important holiday announcement: f%$@ bing crosby!  take your $%@&$ white christmas and get the $%&@ out of here!
