f0074c751ff943a049f83175f998c54b
going to indianapolis for the winter meetings
\our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time; what \,f0074c751ff943a049f83175f998c54b,"and its funny how it's the little things in life that mean the most\\not where you live, what you drive or the price tag on your clothes\\there's no dollar sign on a piece of mind; this i`ve come to know"
"half of my heart is a shotgun wedding to a bride with a paper ring\and half of my heart is the part of a man who's never truly loved anything"
"all this time we were waiting for each other \all this time i was waiting for you\we got all these words\can't waste them on another\so i'm straight in a straight line\running back to you"
"i was a flight risk with a fear of falling, wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts "
trivia night at hightops!
inner harbor and then orioles game 
the utah pitt game is crazy   glad college football is back 
crab feast   <propfemale> crabs are the best 
boise st looked really good last night   still not sure tyrod can throw 
trivia night at hightopps 
st  <propfirst>'s football game vs st  <propfirst>'s
playing pickup hockey
let's go ravens!
i can't take this for 15 more weeks   at least we won and our d dominated 
st  <propfirst>'s football game
always a good day when unc loses   now the deacs need to get a win 
clemson really is the best at choking 
ravens party   the ravens need to salvage this sports weekend 
well this sports weekend sucked   why do the loses hurt so much more than the wins make you feel good?
can't believe the regular season will end on sunday   i have grown to like this orioles team 
so baltimore county kids get off early because it is raining too hard   when i was a kid we walked 20 <propmale> uphill bothways through a hurricane   did i do that right?
"i've seen this before, and i didn't particularly like it the first time "
my teams need to stop playing close games   at least we beat the hated steelers 
anyone going to the mlb winter meetings?
these last two saturdays have sucked   at least i still have sundays with the ravens 
ravens party   beat the patriots 
i hate close games 
st  pauls' football game at st  <propfirst>'s prospect hall 
i was really looking forward to a stress free football weekend 
"guest speaking at st paul's tomorrow, then football game vs spalding"
i'm jumping aboard the oregon bandwagon   i love their offense   oregon-auburn national championship game would be amazing 
"playing in the toys for tots golf tournament with my dad, brother, and <propmale> j "
watching the ravens game   i am cautiously optimistic 
if flacco wants to be considered an elite qb he has to engineer a drive here 
"the oregon-auburn national championship game will be amazing   first to 60 wins,  maybe "
heading to <propmale> for the winter meetings
ate dinner tonight with <propfirst> mcgriff   it was awesome 
snow!!!!
ravens game   open up the offense   a blowout would be nice 
ravens game   we need this one 
great win by the ravens   now i unfortunately must root for the jets 
last week of pickup hockey this month
ravens are headed to the playoffs!
playing in the sp alumni hockey game
let's go miami of ohio!  i need the win to stay in the money 
let's go ravens 
great win   now to beat the hated steelers   i can think of nothing better than ending their season 
so how long before the ncaa strips auburn of the national championship?
"guest lecturing on baseball stats, the winter meetings and game theory"
go ravens!  end the steelers season 
couldn't be more angry   ravens gave the game away 
really hope the nfc wins the super bowl 
hockey!  looking for an ovechtrick 
why must everything be so complicated?
"snow with thunder and lightning, is the world ending?"
hockey!
comparison is the death of happiness 
at what point do the washington generals fire their coach?
cookies and creme milkshake from chick-fil-a = amazing
orioles= grapefruit league champs!
watching britton dominate the yankees!  way too excited about a spring training game 
chicago tomorrow
