c2825901ec8a42c698ca8944b52dc2ac
"i have said my part  i have made my decision, and i am no longer engaged "
"so my old cell phone is now deactivated  and i am still in uncomfortable pain on my right side (shoulder, spine, and arm )  so this quote is needed today: \you were only given this life because you're strong enough to live it \"""""
the pain won't go away  stupid doctor has to be closed on the one day i am off during the week  go figure 
i think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision  - <propfemale> <propmale>
"i am exhausted  every week has been interesting lately, and i never can guess what will happen next  so what is my option? have faith and pray to god i will land on something solid "
sleep  a five letter word that does wonders 
i forgot how good it feels to talk to someone for hours and never run out of things to say 
"it's not up to me anymore  if you want me in your life, you have to put me there  - unknown"
"if you want to be 26 and act like a 5 year old, be my guest  just leave me out of the game "
"i honestly hate how much pain i am in still after almost two months  but as much as i bitch about the pain, i'm more terrified to know what is really wrong  damn my stubborness!"
and here we start another work week  what will it bring? do i ever know? it is just as much fun though!
and now i remember why i hate the lying  
"okay, so i was up for 35 hours straight  crashed and had the best night sleep in forever  i have an appointment tomorrow at 4:15 "
"i am so glad that you are happy!! things are things  i'm single again, if you haven't noticed that already  it has been a crazy few months! i miss you!"
"physical therapy, muscle relaxers, x-rays, and anti-inflammatories  oh yeah, and no diagnosis of what is wrong  -- all adds up to my results from today's doctor appointment "
and then i thought it wouldn't hurt  oh how i was wrong 
i am exhausted  and there is no end in sight  this <propfemale> is running around like a crazy woman!
"i know shes kind of socially retarded and weird, but shes my best friend  - happy birthday, <propfemale>!"
happy birthday <propfemale> & <propfirst>! my extended family!
"the puppies are clean  and i am just awaiting the result from all that stuff  not negative thinking, just realistic   smile "
<propfemale> had a puppy date tonight  so cute   smile 
"happy birthday, <propfemale>! we need to get together one of these days!"
is in a huge amount of pain   ><
is at her mommie's in pasadena! and i'm stupid apparently  lol
and today i was reminded at 2am how strong i am not 
my back is tense on my right side when i turn to the left  go figure 
"happy birthday, <propfemale>!"
is in horrible pain from her shoulder  damn those dishes!
"update on mom: arrived at the bus station at 12:45pm [after assistance from her daughter with directions ] arrived in nacadoghes at 3:45 (or so ) arrived in longview at 5 smile 0 (or so )  off onto amtrak train   love you, mommy!"
"update on mom: she made it to wisconsin without killing anyone  the bitch is back  miss you, mommy!"
as much as i want to be  there is something stopping me  why do i have a feeling that this is a sign?
"doctor: your blood pressure is really high  are you stressed out? me: nah, my life is peachy  *snicker*"
"has drugs again!!! okay, that just sounds -really- bad  but still "
"so people are asking how i am   right now? pretty relaxed for the first time in a long time while sober  earlier? not so good  mental breakdown here i came  oh well, life goes on "
for the first time in awhile  i really don't know what to say 
"happy birthday, stace! enjoy!"
"happy birthday, <propfemale>!!!! <propfemale> pankow"
i think i caught a cold  damn 
"happy birthday, uncle vic!! i love you!"
"so   it is snowing outside in <propmale>, texas "
"so, going to bed at 5 smile 0 really isn't such a smart idea  damn body "
"happy birthday, <propfirst>!!"
"happy birthday, <propfirst>  i can't believe it has been another year "
here is to another 12+ hour day  let us hope i can make it without killing someone   smile 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone! i will see you soon, momma!"
"happy birthday, <propmale>!  smile "
"so, i am off to the beginning of my early four months  wish me luck "
is it friday yet?  smile  only two more days to go  
i need to stop replaying the scenarios in my head over and over again   
"happy new year, everyone  here is to happiness and luck!"
what happens when you have no dinner and a lot of alcohol in a short time period? a severe hangover!
so i ended up crashing for a few hours  i feel a bit better  but i dont think my stomach can handle more alcohol today  damn 
watching <propfirst> and <propmale> playing wii games  entertainment in its finest 
headed home  time to curl up under a warm blanket and sleep!!!! love ya <propfirst> and <propfemale> 
mental note: big daddy is not a plumber 
i will never understand why somethings happen  rip to those we lost today  we will miss you all 
"happy birthday, <propfirst>! we miss you at ckp!"
"happy birthday, momma! i will give you a call tomorrow! see you on friday!"
14 days!
13 days!
"12 days  going on 11 days! by the way, congratulations, baby! i'm happy for you!"
fyi - i don't need anymore <propfemale> nests in farm country  i am at 5  lol
"i want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes, however, i am still 10 days away from the actual date  february 2nd    smile  love you all "
and then i only pray that things won't go back to what they were   
"\on the closet door \"""""
"at 2:14pm, i will be officially 22   good grief, here goes another year   smile "
"as i sit here alone in the apartment while <propfirst> is at work, i have to remember the past year  the tears, the fights, the days that i wished would end  the millions of times i <propfirst> at the top of my lungs to a song  the phone calls i made to mom crying, wishing for another way out  and all the times that i was told that i was so wrong in my actions "
it is amazing how well animals can sense that something is wrong  my baby 
"since most of the important people know now, it might as well be said  after having some <propmale> complications, it has been determined that i have hypoglycemia to some extent  i'm managing it to the best of my ability, but it is another stone in my path that i must go over with the help of god "
what does one do when crying seems like the best solution? go to sleep  night ya'll 
"so, that was fun  <propmale> out with <propfemale> for a few hours  now what to make for dinner    "
i love getting home and having dinner made already for me  it's awesome 
i have been sitting here trying to figure out what i feel  and the only word i can come up with is 'defeated ' where does one go from here? i dunno 
"okay  usually, i can keep myself busy on facebook without a problem  well, i think my brain is finally just done with today  i'm going to go curl up in bed and whimper now  g'night everyone!"
oh and so i make a bowl of rice to calm my stomach  guess what? i dropped it after only like 5 bites  lovely 
"so, it is 7:12 am on the first day that i go into work at 10  why am i up? because this damn cold has me coughing like hell  lovely "
had a nice visit from a friend last night  i think we figured out that we miss each other's company  as for today? i have almost no voice and my throat is stinging like hell  oh what fun 
so  today was day 3 without a voice  i have become the laugh of the town  normal 
"for those that are wondering, mom is about 3 hours away from being back in <propmale>, texas  she made it to longview around 8 smile 0 this morning or so  see you tomorrow, momma!"
"so, what do you do when you can't get rid of a sinus migraine? you go take a nap  later!"
"so now that i am totally exhausted  i still need to make the bed, finish cleaning up the bedroom and take a shower  i have a feeling i am so going to crash tomorrow  "
what happens when you go from double dosing of bipolar meds to the single dose? you have a lot of ups and downs   up = waking up down = getting ready for work up = after eating lunch down = doing paperwork up = talking about dwts with the work crew down = waiting on <propfirst> to pick me up up = sitting down at dinner down = driving home from dinner lord help us  tomorrow is another double dose 
okay  it is now 11 o'clock and i work all day tomorrow  i'm off to bed  night ya'll!
chillin at pwa  quite a few nice things to look at   smile 
"so, i am sick again  well, we think it never went away  more mess to pick up tomorrow  and my other niece may be born any day  wow, everything happens when i am off for three days "
$50 dollars later - stronger antibotics (levaquin) and stronger cough syrup (tussinex w  codine ) best shit ever  let us hope this works 
"happy anniversary, baby  five years and we both are still alive  i love you   smile "
"so, it is saturday night  i am still coughing like hell three weeks later  <propfirst> bought himself his bday present early  life is a piece of work  just when u think you have ends met, they move the ends "
"so, it has been brought to my attention that a slight hospital stay could be in my near future  just what i wanted to do before <propfirst>'s birthday  oh lovely "
"so, i have determined that some of my neighbors are complete idiots  why would you unlock your front door and then close it with the keys still in the lock? to top it off, lock the door from the inside? lord help me "
it is friday  can i make it through the day? we shall see 
"so, it is finally thursday  can we survive 18 more hours? who knows "
one more pipe stack needed in country life  :-0)
dont ask for my help if you are going to be pissy if the outcome is not what you want 
it is after midnight and i am still awake  why? it isn't a good time to ask 
"so, it is truly the thought that counts  <propfirst> made sure that i had food in the oven when i got home from work  such a wonderful boyfriend!  smile "
"so, either my family is pissed at me (for whatever reason) or there is something going on with facebook   cell phones  interesting "
since i can't convience my body to sleep with my normal medication; maybe night-time sinus medicine will knock me on my butt  or not   sad  we will see 
"i feel like i need someone [who i have a long history with full of love, passion, confusion and happiness] to find me and ask me to spend the next hour on the phone with talking about everything and nothing  \\ultimately? i guess you could say i feel lost without this person  what a day "
"if your mom is your hero, your best friend \or just the best mother ever, whether you are blessed to have your mom \still with you or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this \intoyour status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and you love\ her ?"
"i survived another day  now my head hurts, i want to strangle a few people, and i do not want to go back tomorrow  typical day at work   smile "
four shots were fired outside my apartment  great way to wake up at 3 smile 0 am 
"many asked how i was today  i'm not doing much better to be honest  but one thing i have learned is to pick yourself up and keep on going  i need to get away and be surrounded by people that make me smile, make me laugh, and maybe even give me a good time  come on 5 o'clock tomorrow!"
"so today was interesting  shopping, working, drinking, eating homemade pizza, and now pwa  what more can i ask for? we shall see since my entertainment is near "
"so yesterday was quite a crazy day  off to <propfemale> out with momma for the rest of today and then home to see my babies (yes, all three of them ) and of course, tomorrow starts hell week again  but at least family is coming in town this week  that should brighten it up some   smile "
so mom convinced me to purchase a new laptop  it is quite pretty  but i still feel guilty  go figure 
"so, i have felt sick to my stomach for the past 16 hours now  i think it is time to shower,  put away dinner, take some pain killers and take the dogs out  all of this requiring being on my right foot that [most likely] has a torn tendon in it  night ya'll "
"so, i have determined that a few unnamed people believe that i am a failure and worthless  watch me "
"so when you get asked a question like \do you still want to marry me?\"" i dont think the answer should be \""i dont want to fight with you \"" i think it is time to end today """
everyone says that we all go through a time period where everything changes  my time has come  i cannot promise that i will be the same in the end  here's to life going on with or without the person i used to be 
"so, i am at dinner for johns birthday  boy do i feel physically ill and out of place "
"so, we are off to wallis for the pre-memorial day cook-out  it is hot as hell outside  welcome to summer!"
"so there is some good looking food outside, but because of the heat and this damn migraine, i dont feel up to eating  boy i will lose a lot of weight this summer if this continues "
so i managed to get little <propfirst> <propfirst> asleep finally  now if i can only stay awake until everyone is done watching avatar in the living room; all will be good  can i make it though? lord only knows 
so having a 3 1 2 day weekend should not be this miserable  i want this sinus pressure to go away!
"happy memorial day, great grandpa  even though you haven't been around for 9 years, i know you are watching over me with all your love  i love you and miss you!"
"my baby got me a chick-fil-a cow, nivea soap, <propmale> & cheese, pasta salad and a chocolate chip cookie dough blizzard  how sweet!"
half day at work and then i get to go to the doctor  the remaining part of the day will be spent chillin' with my momma! come on 12 smile 0!
"so after today, i have determined that people are out to tell me how screwed up i truly am  it is lovely "
"so <propfirst> and i are at red <propfirst>  then off to see the astros play  in the heat, gotta love it!"
i truly despise children that are jumping off of the second floor staircase without supervision  where are the parents??
"so after 30+ minutes in the pool with <propfemale>, we are getting ready to go and get some dinner  let us see how much trouble we can get into tonight "
someone recently told me that it is difficult to determine who you can trust when you don't even trust yourself  isn't this the truth 
"so i got my answer, and it wasn't the one i was hoping for  i guess it is time to finally accept the truth and live with the consequences  gotta love having to lay in your own bed after making a mess of it "
so i have about 18-20 hours left of work this week  the next two days should be interesting as thehy will be even crazier than today  lord let us hope that i make it until this weekend before i start drinking   smile 
so i am laying in bed with a heating pad underneath my back  <propfirst> went to see some movies  i hope my back pain goes away soon!
"so, today was eventful as it usually is when i get together with momma-sita  what have i learned? one - i don't deal well with people when i am in extreme pain  two - my mother is crazy  three - i am in charge of my mother  we switched roles apparently (or so i am being told ) lord help me  i will need all that i can get "
"so momma-sita made my favorite breakfast, now i am wanting one of my favorite dinners  just means we have to go to the store  damn "
cell phones have become the easiest way to stray from your loved ones  i wonder how many relationships are broken because of this invention 
"so why am i awake at 12:40am when i have to be at work in less than 8 hours? oh yeah, my stomach has decided it wants to give me pain  lovely "
"okay  so let me thank the dogs for giving me one more load of laundry to do  usually, not a problem  but i am leaving tomorrow for three days  damnit  lol "
"so, i am at a loss  what do you do when you don't know what you did in the first place?"
sitting outside ihop waiting on momma-sita  boy do i feel seriously sick 
"so, we had to go before the show ended  now mom and i are waiting on <propmale> to get out of work  poor cakes!!!!"
"so today was a full day already  we are off to see a friend in the hospital, then go to the store to pick up stuff for the party and then off to see my beautiful niece  happy birthday, <propfemale>! auntie loves you!"
"storage is closed out finally  as momma-sita put it, \we are done storing air \"" checks are put in the bank and we are off to the post office  <propmale> loves his gps on his phone  good grief """
sitting here chilling at <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s house  come on ice cream!
so yesterday was eventful  hopefully it is dinner and then clean up the apartment a bit  let us hope all the talking wasn't for nothing 
so last night sucked greatly  i still feel horrible  my head is throbbing and i hate dealing with withdrawal 
so i crashed for a few hours  i need to do laundry at least   
"so, <propfirst> and i are soaking wet  and no, not from all that you sickos  from the extreme downpour of rain  lovely "
"so today required putting in 10 1 2 hours  i am calling it a night since i have to pack (for a last minute trip to pasadena ) oh lord, will this weekend be exhausting too  damn!"
"so today has been interesting so far  breakfast, nails, target for drinks, downpour, jack-in-the-box, shopping, subway, paying, and now sitting and waiting "
"happy fourth of july, everyone! let us only hope it isn't doing the same thing all day as it did the past week   you see, i didn't say the word   "
"so, we dont have water for awhile  lovely "
"so tonight has been interesting  now, let us try and get to pasadena in one piece "
it is 3 smile 4 in the morning and i am sicker than a dog  what a way ti
"obviously, either facebook or myself do not want things completed  as i was saying, what a way to start my day off from work "
i think today was one of those days that you really dont give a shit nor care who hears you 
good dinner at cattleguard  with the exception of the food poisoning bit  gotta love it 
ok  so something is seriously wrong  i have been up since 4 am due to severe uncomfortableness from this damns food poisoning  i only crashed around midnight  how am i going to make it through today?????
"so i made it to work  i am miserable and want to curl u, but i am here nonetheless  yay "
so update on mom - she made it to longview  the train was running late but she is safe and sound   smile 
update on momma-sita - she is outside saint <propfirst> and on her way to chicago 
mom made it to wisconsin safely  i miss you!!!
"so, <propfirst> and i are up at 4 smile 0 getting ready to head up to spring, texas  yay "
so it is now 9 am and we have at least another 1+ hours left  can i just go back to sleep?
after 5 1 2 hours of waiting   we find out that they put the wrong tires on the vehicle  here goes another hour 
"after 6 hours 15 minutes and $1000 later, we have now left planet ford  thank god!"
so i still feel phyiscally ill  i don't know if i can make it through work tomorrow feeling like this 
so <propfirst> and i are at jessies birthday  wow this is a crazy place asking for a panic attack 
the hardest part of dealing with what i did last june? dealing with everyone around me getting married  enough said 
so tmobile issue resolved - even got them to wave the activation charge that wasn't taken care of a month ago  now if only i can catch up on shit at work  the rest of the drama? can just wait until later  screw it 
"okay, update on mom  not a damn clue if she made it on the bus   train since she hasn't texted me all day  and now she isn't replying, so who the hell knows  that is my update for the night "
"q&a session done with berkman  batting practice, game and then home  and all i can think of is needing a drink!!"
6-0 reds  not having much luck so far 
there comes a point in every friendship where you put away all the drama and just love each other  am i ready for that part? i dont know but i have no choice now 
got into another bitch fights last night  i am so done with the lies and exaggerated truths  just man up already!!!
sitting outside <propmale> improv waiting for the show to start   only an hour and fifteen minutes 
so how did my day end? i got hit on multiple times by a famous comedian  brad <propmale>
i got my sign  a stranger telling me that i will be leaving soon  interesting 
62 days until my vacation starts! come on vacation!
9 days until i get new drugs  can i make it through? boy do i hope so 
8 days until my mental doctor appointment  can i hold it together until then? gosh do i hope so 
8 days until my mental doctor appointment and 60 days until my vacation starts  can't wait until this monday is -over -
what was the highlight of my day? being called a fucking asshole by a vendor  gotta love my job 
"so, i gotta love the wild goose <propmale> we were brought on this evening  now, waiting on dinner and off to <propfirst> and christys to drop off the tv  then, eventually off to bed  lord almighty "
the next two days shall be interesting  bring on the drama!
"so, <propfirst> completely forgot about my doctors appointment  and apparently, baseball is more important than remembering that i have previous plans to get better  happy friday to me "
"it is 10 smile 9 pm and i have yet to hear from <propfirst>  i am so important, aren't i?"
"so, my weekend away is almost over  that is depressing in itself  but in the end, i am two days away from hopefully feeling closer to normal  the next biggest struggle? just figuring out where i belong "
"\things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up  they happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be \"" - <propfirst> <propmale>"""
so here starts another week at work  i just hope today goes by fast i need to go back home asap
how'd today go? i am surrounded by tons of people and still feel completely alone 
"so i managed through the doctor  the main focus is on my ocd and severe anxiety  i have zoloft to calm the anxiety and ocd  until that kicks in fully, i am on klonopin to calm myself down  one full klonopin and i am ready to crash  hopefully this is a good sign "
"so, power went out  alarm went crazy  and now nothing is working  gotta love today  lol "
"so i was told to rest  but i managed to get what i wanted done most of all done  cleaned the ceiling fan, washing the sheets, washing the comforter and blankets, and remade the bed  we will see how the rest of the day goes  oh yeah, and doing laundry "
"as i sit here jealous out of my mind of those around me getting married, having a family, etc   i remember the drama i went through and see the amount of people getting divorced at the sametime  it is time like these where i believe i did the best thing for everybody   not getting married "
"i am having a bit trouble breathing so i took some cough medicine  zoloft taken and vitamin  now, off to watch tv and crash  another long week ahead  but friday means party time  let us see how alcohol and klonopin mix  lol   smile "
it is raining   and i feel like someone ran me over 
i am home  dogs taken care of thanks to <propfemale>  meds taken (cough medicine) and i am curled up in bed  come on sickness  lets get rid of you!!!!!
"so, i still feel like crap and my throat is bothering me now  i think i am going to crash  yes, <propfirst>, i will be there on friday regardless of how i feel  i promise   smile "
today has pretty much left me speechless  even though i dont have much of a voice  wow 
jersey shore!!
"three drinks down   plus buspar on board  observant and tipsy  gotta love it  <propfemale>, <propfirst> and mom are in charge!"
"tonight was interesting  met some new people, ran away from others, and felt adored by few  happy early birthday, <propfirst>! hope it was everything it could have been   smile "
i am waiting for that time when i can sit down and look someone dead in the eye and sincerely congratulate them on something going on in their lives  whatever it may be  i am waiting until i am happy again 
"i believe if life gives you lemons, you make lemonade  and then find someone whose life is giving them vodka, and have a party  - <propmale> white"
"honestly? today was insane  i need to get to work early tomorrow, but i don't think it is going to happen  i think i am way too damn tired after not sleeping last night  maybe it is bedtime soon   "
so today was another crazy day  work again tomorrow  thank god it is wednesday  two more days until i go back to pasadena for pwa  come on weekend!
"why the hell am i up at 1am? oh yeah, i am crazy and can't sleep  lord please make tomorrow go by fast  "
"this weekend was entertaining  attacks at pwa (in a sense), and worked my ass of today  now i am in serious pain  i am afraid to see how tomorrow is going to be "
down to 10 hours left before the holiday weekend  do i really need to get ready?
is kind of angry with today  at least i know one thing that upsets me 
so momma mennies is up takin care of the baby (<propfemale> ) no idea why she has thrown up twice  but momma mennies isn't sleeping til she does 
who thought this downpour was a good idea?
"it seems that last nights drama with <propfemale> has worn her ass out  for a dog that follows me everywhere, she isn't interested in moving an inch "
today has been rough  i think 2 hours of non-stop crying pretty much e playful lains it all  here's to tomorrow 
i think i have had enough stolen from me this week  i am going to call it a night and hope for a better week next week 
it is midnight  i am wide awake and near tears from the pain  do i really need to deal with tomorrow? this is going to kick my ass 
there has to be something wrong with waking up 3 hours after you fell asleep 
thinking out loud - <propfirst> <propfirst>
"made breakfast, ate breakfast, took meds and now working on getting ready for work  all on 3 hours of sleep "
"okay, this isn't fair  i want to go back to sleep "
"a true friend is someone that doesn't judge you for your faults, but accepts you for them "
"i am strongly thinking about cleaning \house \"""""
"it is 6 surprise 2 am on friday morning  what the hell am i doing up? oh yeah, -someone- decided to be off today   smile  love you, chey chey  take care of my little girl  i'll deal with the crazies for one more day, i guess  \\only 10 hours at work and then i am off to chill with my momma  only hoping this weekend isn't too dramatic  shall be interesting with the past two weeks "
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will    you?"
so today is <propmale>'s birthday! yay  and he and i are having a date day while momma is at work   smile 
"it is official  i have bought the tickets to go up north with momma  and i also cleaned \house \"" here is to working towards a happier life """
it is finally wednesday  the beginning of this week was taken forever  i have 9 days left at work until my vacation begins  too much to do with too little of time  maybe it is time to <propfemale> on others to get stuff accomplished 
why are some people so stubborn?!?!?!
it truly kills me to have dinner with him and both of us are texting others  i hate not trusting someone  this tears me up inside 
"so, he finally showed up  <propfemale> is laying down in the kennel, dogs are in the bedroom and things are semi calm for now  watching csi and then time to lay down  what fun "
"tried blocking <propfemale> and <propfemale> away from <propfirst> with laundry baskets  she is now limping a little  but she isn't whining when i touch her legs & feet, nor is she favoring one leg over another  should i freak out?!?!"
had my besty and sister-in-law calm me down  <propfemale> was given some pain meds  she is limping on her left front paw  i can mess with it and she doesnt whine  at least it isnt her back leg  that helps   i should take some klonopin  my heart is racing 
this is the last 5 days before my vacation  am i going to be able to get everything done? i sure hope so  off to play both parts of the 2m team (since one person of the 2m team has to go to jury duty) and then i can work on the rest of the crap  let us hope today goes by fast!
"at 7 surprise 1pm today (10 1), i offically went on vacation  why is it only 11:19pm and i have been ready for bed for the past 3 hours? am i getting old?!? i need to shape up cuz i am going into 2 weeks of drinking   smile "
"so today was a long 5 hour day with mom at pr  it is funny how the short shifts take forever to end!  only one more day and we are wi bound  come on, monday! i want to see my niece and sister already!"
out on my hot date at <propfemale> garden  yummy food!!
"non-pet owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets  1) they live here; you don't  2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  3) i love my pet more then i like some people  4)to you, they are animals; to me they are my young'uns, who are short, hairy, walk on all fours & don't talk back! re-post if you love your pet "
we are finishing up packing  heading to the bus stop in about an hour  this trip will be interesting 
we have officially left the house  wi here we come to cause hell!
"we are in longview, texas!!"
"we are on the train in <propfirst>, texas "
"almost to texarkana, texas  yay!"
"we are stopped in texarkana, texas now! okay  we are heading out of texarkana now   smile  bye bye texas "
"going through hope, arkansas   what fun  i am hot, tired and uncomfortable  great combo on a train   smile "
"going through blackwell, mo  bad night and even worse headache now  i cant wait to sleep in an actual bed already "
"we are outside saint <propfirst>, mo  yay!! so pretty with the exception of the lack of sunrise "
on the outskirts of chicago - i am tired of the stopping and starting  let us get there already!!!
"i finally made it up to nec of bfe and who the hell knows  no internet at grandma's  thankfully, we have enough signal to receive texts and phone calls  spent the last day and a half not breathing due to the smoke in the air  oh well  time to go drink something!"
"i'm still alive - so everyone knows   smile  it has been a long week so far, and it is only thursday  i am excited about next week with my sister and that family  i can't wait!!"
so we picked up britty from school  we are on our way back to <propfemale> grove  sunday morning i am meeting up with grandma berdean for breakfast   lunch  what fun this weekend shall be!!
here at a birthday party  i have internet signal here!! thank gosh!!
okay  it is way too late for me being up  apparently i totally forgot that i was logged into facebook as mom  <propfirst> - ignore my first post about giving you crap  i have now officially lost my damn mind   smile 
"so i am at momma <propfemale>'s  tomorrow - wednesday night i am at <propfemale>'s with my baby amara  she is getting <propfemale> big  news came about today - few people know and i plan to keep it that way  i want to go, i need to go, but i also need to make sure that i have everything together before i toss up my whole life  lord give me strength -- i will need it after today "
managed 3 minutes at nikis  i would have taken him out but chose to leave instead  he so wasn't worth the bail money!
"yesterday was hell  <propfemale> crashed around 1 smile 0  i crashed between 2-3  and my beautiful niece woke us up at 6 smile 0-7  we have been fighting this one to take a nap ever since  and now, we are watching veggie tales  i think i may go have a long shower now!"
"the zoo was interesting  <propfirst>, and cat came along  i haven't had that much fun in forever  pictures and videos to come when we get done at cats place!!"
waiting for cat to be done with <propfemale>'s hair  i am exhausted!!
drama seems to continuously follow  i am done!
"for the first time in years, i carved multiple pumpkins with <propfemale>, amara and <propmale>  that was enjoyable  pictures to come in the very near future!"
"  you know that someone should be in your life when talking to them after a year is exactly the same as it was before! >> love you, <propfemale>!"
"today was exhausting  pumpkins carved with amara, <propmale> & <propfemale>  played outside for a bit (or watched the kids play outside rather ) managed to take both buspar pills for the first time in two+ days  and did not kill anyone as much as i want to strangle a few people right now  - i am ready to crash  goodnight ya'll!"
so i am watching amara today while momma and mema are at work  then tonight is the karaoke night entertainment  today shall be interesting!
so monsters inc is now in the dvd player  i think we are set for about another hour and a half or so   smile 
and i convinced myself to start a load of laundry  miracle!
here goes nothing   tonight will be very interesting and dangerous 
two beers down   i think i am having quite a bit of fun being a flirt   smile 
"just when you think there is no reason to go back to the start of it all, friends remind you that it is worth the trip "
"so apparently i am staying in <propmale> until sunday now  and now we are off to the football game  i wonder how different things would be if all the drama hadn't happened  but then i remember that i probably would not be this content right now if it didn't  i've made my decision - now i am ready to see where the next few days takes me  \\oh - and i miss my dogs horribly  i'm coming home soon babies!"
lodi won!! now just waiting to see if i am getting to go out again or if it is bedtime calling   smile 
amara has know revised the name for zucchini bread  it is now called bikini bread 
over at momma <propfemale>'s work - i hate corporate <propfemale> sometimes
i hope people wake up and realize that i am a lot stronger than they think i am 
finished off 1 bottle of wine now  working on the second bottle  see what you are missing?
the truth hurts  for me? it is comforting that i dont have to second guess myself  just another memory on this adventure of this week  friends forever 
starting to say my goodbyes  the hardest? amara 
"\nobody can go back and start a new beginning  but anybody can start today and make a new ending \"" - <propfirst> robinson"""
"ended up crashing around 10pm  i can't stop replaying the past few days over and over again in my head  i am now awake at 3am with about 28 hours left in wisconsin  many won't understand my methods over the next few weeks, but i assure you, i know what i want  and i want - it all "
it is 5 smile 0am and i am wide awake still  i have been up since about 2am  the wine has gotten to me as i figured it would  lol  ignoring the fact that i feel horribly sick to my stomach - i am wrapped up in a cacoon of a comforter to stay warm  and no one is here to warm me up   sad  damnit all to hell and back 
momma <propfemale> & i are heading out to meet up with a friend of hers  then dinner in <propfemale> around 7-7 smile 0  last goodbyes and waiting on the bus ride home tomorrow 
"heading back to <propmale>  if anyone wants to see me before i leave town today, stop by momma <propfemale>'s in 20 minutes "
heading out  hardest was to say goodbye to the ripp family  i love you guys 
in <propfemale> now - ready to just be back in tx now  i miss my dogs!
we are down to 3 1 2 hours before i must begin getting ready for the train ride back  i am struggling to remain awake  the next few hours will be interesting 
"we are on the bus heading to chicago  bye bye wisconsin - i had fun  and trust me, i will be back! love you all!"
we are in chicago at the train station - train departs at 1:45  here comes the layover!
"so we are boarded and the train has left the station  stories are being swapped, facts are being told, and quite a few laughs so far  the next 29 hours should be interesting "
"trying to figure out my next move   wisconsin, i may be up there sooner than we originally thought "
"we were 1 1 2 hours late into st  <propfirst>  and now the second time they have tried to replace the locomotive - it still isn't working  no air, no lights, and lot of upset people!"
"my mother is stupid    \do not let strangers handle your baggage \"""""
"we got into st  <propfirst> around 8 smile 0  we are still in st  <propfirst>  they are trying for a third time to replace the locomotive  with any luck, we will be heading out of st  <propfirst> within the next 20-30 minutes  wtf?!?"
"whoever said \let there be light\"" - thank you!!!"""
we are moving!!!
train tracks are being worked on  we have to take a bus from texarkana to <propmale>  here comes a long bus ride!
in texas  about 2 - 2 1 2 hours away from <propmale>  i think i banged my forehead on something   felt sick to my stomach all day  can we be home already?
i am now in <propmale>!!
had dinner at salt grass with <propfirst>  now going to see red with him  we shall see how the remainder of the night goes 
red was awesome  at walmart and then headed home 
why is it 8 am already?!?! wtf!
at work  a lot to do and my brain isn't functioning 
maybe i should have stayed home today   i cant think to save my life right now 
survived the first day back at work   eating dinner at captain bennys  then it is off to the apartment  i am ready for bed 
home again  home again  
i spent today e playful laining to many what i learned on my trip up north  the most important thing i learned? say what is on your mind - you never know when you may not get that <propmale> to say it again 
my email inbox wont stop the consistency check   i think it wants me to go back home 
chilling in the bedroom - debating if i just want to crash already or not  <propfirst> is mia but dinner was made for him  i think it is bedtime  i just wonder if i have a meeting tomorrow morning again    
last shift for this week   i am exhausted!
over at my brother and sister in laws playing with the circus of animals  when all else fails - join the animals to escape reality 
"put\this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  our wish is\that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice  \people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking for \acceptanceand equal rights  93% wont copy and paste this    will you \      make it your status for at least one hour? promote love & \acceptance!?not hate!see more"
got a phone call from mother-in-law  that freaked me out  i am hungry and waiting on <propfirst> to get off work since i have no idea what he wants to eat for dinner  i am about to cook whatever and he can just deal 
chilling at the apartment with da babies  we have the house back to ourselves again  i just hope that people eventually realize that i will talk when i am ready 
i am awake   and this dog is about to get her ass kicked 
dogs are asleep - <propfirst> is asleep - i am still awake  wtf?
finally managed enough energy to unload the large suitcase and pile it into the bedroom closet until mom comes to pick it up  now i have a lot of crap on the bed and floor  what the hell am i supposed to do now?
"getting shit together to take to the laundry mat  apparently, i cant leave a basket full of dog stuff for 3 weeks with 2 men and ask them to wash it for me  how stupid "
what hurts the most? trying to get mind to stop thinking about that 
ok  mom - you need to stop watching football  and now!
so that was another famous get togethers with <propfirst>  yeah - i am ready for bed 
so it is 8:15 and i am still sitting in bed  i really am still too exhausted to get dressed for work  this needs to end asap!
"survived the first 3 hours of the shift  still need to figure out how i am getting home  and of course, those emails that i am being hounded for   smile "
trying to kick <propfirst> out of the office - i just wanna go home  i just wanna go home right now  *dances*
pasta dinner thing was made  blueberry cheesecake muffins in the oven  yummy!
"all members of the household are now home  put away one load of laundry, waiting on another to be out of the dryer  here comes dwts "
dwts set is over  time for bed 
some didn't come into work today - some are not feeling well - and others are out of it like normal  boy did the work load just increase dramatically!
finally made it home at 7:15 pm  10 1 2 hours at work  i am ready for bed 
it is now 11pm  screw it  i am going to bed 
i really am not a fan of being awake  can't i just go back to bed?
"i'm\a handful!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong \willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make \mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  \but if you can't handle me at my worst then you probably won't \   appreciate me at my best!!!!!! if you're a handful, repost! i dare \yo      u     ! i'll be looking for the ladies who repost!"
my life has officially turned upside down now  lets bring it on   
"2 more meetings, 2 more shifts before i get to rest - bedtime is here   goodnight, all!"
"why am i awake?? oh yeah, it is only thursday  damn "
here comes the cool front!!! yay!
dinner was cooked for me when i got home  how awesome! is it bedtime yet? why am i so damn tired?!?
"it is so nice outside   i missed this weather! nice, cool, and breezy!"
"why am i awake? oh yeah, work  damn!"
a conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking  - unknown
day is finally over  hey you and i left the office about 7 smile 0  i am ready to just sleep this weekend away 
dinner at red lobster  almost done and then heading home  watching csi & then crashing  i need to get as much sleep as possible this weekend 
the male counterpart of the house is off at work  the females are at home chilling in the bedroom  still exhausted so i think i am going to go sleep this annoying headache away  txt me 
"i have figured out the difference between he and i  he wants to go party, be 26 yet still come home to a girl  cake and eat it too  i? just want to settle down after a long day at work and relax with my family "
it is halloween weekend and what am i doing to celebrate? chilling at my house with the dogs  typical 
wondering how someone is doing  waiting for the promised text  and then i think it will be nap time 
"no word from any of the men in my life (except for 1 of them ) i think it is time to warm up the leftovers from dinner last night  still waiting, you guys  "
what am i doing? not a damn thing so far  
one problem - i have no alcohol in my house  damn 
"<propmale> - you are not alone   apparently, i am worthless also "
woke up way too early again - worst part? i cant breathe to save my life  today shall be fun moving my brother and sister in law 
"i blame my mother for my addiction to the show \ghost hunters \"""""
4:15pm on halloween and i am headed to help family members move  yay!
"moving shouldn't be this complicated  wait, i am with him  scratch that theory "
dancing to country music - gotta love packing shit 
just got done scrubbing the oven and stove top  i cant feel much of my upper body!
anyone want to volunteer a back massage? i am willing to return the favor 
"i am not going to run away from my problems   i am going to run head on into them  stand beside me, or walk away from me  it is your choice "
at work  it is going to be a long day if my back doesnt stop hurting 
"i am ready to go home, curl up with the dogs, take some medicine and go to sleep "
i am home finally! i am coming bed!
i think tonight is going to be an early night  meds are already taken  give me an hour and i will be out cold (hopefully )
do i really need to start today? come on now  i dont wanna!
i am going crazy   want to join?
survived day 2 - only 3 more days until the weekend is here!
"dinner is good! thank you, kat!"
over at my brother and sister-in-laws for the dance cam slam celebration! it all starts at 10 9c  yay!
so the debate begins  do i start drinking or no  
i think 1 beer is good for now  i need to be functional for work at 8 smile 0am 
"in a few moments, i am headed home to crash  work again tomorrow   "
is it time to go home yet?
"making dinner - guess for whom?? myself! <propfirst> is kicked out of the apartment for a few hours (okay - not really 'kicked out' but whatever ) sausage filled with cheese, rice, and corn  lack of food in the house  but still yummy!"
it is 11pm  i am ready to sleep!
i am not a fan of these dogs this morning   
day 4 = check! only 8-10 hours left of this week before drinking begins!
10 smile 0pm   i think that is when you call it a night  tomorrow's plans are set  who knows what will happen  some of us already know what happened the last few times i have drank a lot 
is it really time to get up again? i am so not looking forward to todays madness 
"i can feel a serious migraine coming on   took some meds, had some toast, and am workin on getting root beer down   "
an hour and a half left of this week   i am pretty much positive that not all the crap is going to get done before i leave 
over at my brother and sister in laws  we are waiting on the woman of the house to get home  come on already!
off to pick up alcohol  oh what fun 
"alcohol = check\food being cooked = check\shots taken = check"
1 strong rum and coke down   whole bottle to go!
3rd shot down - how many more until the night ends? who knows  let us count them!
let me clarify   it is a total of 8 shots  3 straight 
"tonight was successful, i would say  tried downing the first beer of the night after 10 shots of rum  of everything, the beer fucked me up  night all!"
"family is awake now   breakfast and then probably headed home  puppies, i am coming home soon!"
"kat made biscuits and gravy for breakfast (with sausage ) awesome shit [especially for me when i typically don't like it!] cleaned up the kitchen for her and put away the food  about time to go back to my own and see my puppy dogs  i think i may work on dishes and laundry  other than that, i refuse to have anything but a quiet day "
at home with the babies  i am being attacked!
took a nap since i wasn't feeling well  still not feeling great  i may go crash again 
"bedtime is calling my name  hopefully, i will feel more human tomorrow  i need to be completely sober again before monday "
"everytime my mind stops racing with thoughts, i see your beautiful eyes  never did i think you would steal a piece of my heart as you have "
"as much as i have a lot to do, i think today is going to be a relaxing and restful day  naptime, here i come!"
"i sit by my phone and wait for your texts, only to remember that you wont speak until i am so close to giving up on you  and then you melt my heart all over again "
really not feeling well  <propmale> sinus migraine again  i am tempted to start drinking again just to get rid of this pain  any other suggestions?
"feel a little better after a bath  now, i am ready for bed  damn  someone help keep me awake "
"some stuff was accomplished this weekend  not nearly enough, but i also don't give a damn tonight  time to do dishes and then get some rest  here goes another long work-week (first three days without \hey you \"")"""
i am fucking speechless right now  so much for a best friend 
fuck you 
"it is time to get up and function for work   whoever claimed monday was a good idea, really should be taken behind a shed and beaten "
i have gotten nothing accomplished today   
what do you do after a long monday at work? grab a soda and pop open that bottle of liquor 
apparently i am worrying people with my recent messages   
"when am i supposed to be 23? next century after i make sure everyone else around me is stable in their life? i am going to make some people happy, but piss a lot more people off   "
made it into work on time   what happens? computer crashes with tons of emails up   lovely 
"survived day 2 of this week   barely, but i managed "
"working on a few things that i couldn't complete today  taken a shower, started laundry, had an \adult beverage\"" to calm myself down from today  next stop? bedtime!"""
"<propfemale> and i are starting to worry about where he is   show up soon, please!"
still nothing   
he appeared around 12 smile 0am  enough said 
"off to work i go  i refuse to stay at that place for another close to 11 hour shift for the third day in a row  i refuse! - watch, it happens anyway "
off to lunch with <propfemale>  let us see how much trouble we can get into 
avoidance is not the answer   
i didn't realize that my goal everyday is to piss <propfirst> off   
second emotional breakdown this week  this time? it was a home instead of at work  i think i am just in the need to spend a few hours letting out my anger  i was successful with a dr pepper and rum combination 
"it is 11:15pm  i still have 2 more days (and probably close to 20 hours) left of this week  some keep saying to take care of myself  i think i am just done  but i'm a fighter, so i guess i'll fight it for another day  here's to tomorrow!"
dogs and i are staying over with <propfirst> and kat  we all know the reason 
"i am over here, as okay as i can be  4 dogs, 2 cats  good grief "
i love you   but i dont think we love each other enough to make this work 
"it is 4 smile 0am and i have managed to get 3 hours of \sleep \"" today is going to be a very long day """
"made it through today  almost 50 hours this week at work  going to watch csi with the dogs, <propfirst> is making dinner, and then resting up and getting some sleep "
wow   that hurts 
some sleep    not nearly enough  back to bed  cant function  
heading over to <propfirst> and kats because she is freaking out 
spent the last 3 hours wrestling with army baby     i am tired  and she is still going  this isnt fair 
it is 4 o'clock and i am ready for bed 
so we have company for dinner tonight  yay 
do you know how much i miss you?
"scratch the original plan   looks like i may end up being the \company\"" instead """
nah   off to home i go  i am ready to crash!
"\over and over again\"" - nelly\",c2825901ec8a42c698ca8944b52dc2ac,i don't think <propfemale> is liking the cold weather   she is trying to find the warmest place on her bed to sleep 
"i think i am going to warm up the rest of my chicken fried rice, get a glass of something to drink and then curl up in bed  that sounds like a perfect plan   "
watching hollywood treasures - half way asleep while at it
so i slept most of today away   that probably isn't a good sign 
i love listening to the rain land on the windows and pipes   it has a nack for making me calm and sleepy 
it is 2 am and i am wide awake   great 
"7am  time to get up and start getting ready for work  thankfully, i have my caramel macchiato creamer at work "
i just want to go home    
"boss: go ahead and leave without me  i need to go to the ladies room \coworker: are you going to be long? do you want us to wait?\boss: no, it is going to be a long shit \coworker: um   okay  *severe laughter*"
i am home! about damn time 
i think the comfy thing which contains pillows and blankets is calling my name   another 4 days before the weekend  what a joy 
photos are uploaded now  i will upload the videos tomorrow or wednesday   smile 
"the babies are out like a light   if only i was too  soon enough, soon enough "
okay  you dont need to try and burn the apartment down to get my attention  damn 
okay  this getting up for work thing really sucks 
"technically ready for work   i really just want to curl up in bed again  oh well  here is to another day of insane, but entertaining madness "
rum and coke   awesome combination when there is nothing better in the apartment 
i am looking forward to falling asleep    it cant come soon enough 
so far so good  let us hope it remains this way  i need a productive day to get all this crap done 
i can only promise that my <propfemale> for lies is getting less and less each day  try me and see what happens 
"each day you do this shit, the more i am looking forward to signing that lease "
i want to try something new   for those who dont believe the words i keep repeating  ask me a question in my inbox that you want answered truthfully  i will answer them  then we will see who is still a close friend 
"q: am i full of the annoying?\\a: not even a little  you are one of the few people that i find fascinating  however disagrees with me and tells you otherwise, give them my number and i will handle it "
off work  decided i didn't care anymore today and left almost on time  now i get to stand outside in the chilly weather waiting on johns ass since he cant make up his mind on what the hell he wants to do  lord help me 
dinner is cooked  waiting on the company to show up  peoples - i haven't had really food in 24 hours  hurry the hell up! haha 
why do i still have this damn sinus headache and feel sick to my stomach?! go away!
crashed hard around 9 smile 0pm  i still feel parts of this migraine and it is making me exhausted  oh well   work must come eventually 
managed to get ready for work  lies keep unraveling themselves every minutes  i am counting the days now 
away from work - another 48+ hour week  this is truly killing me 
off to dinner with family - movie night and then going to sleep  yay for the weekend!
what movie are we going to watch??
okay   the problem isn't picking a movie  the problem is switching the inputs to video without a remote and no button on the tv 
grown-ups! let us see how it is 
"well, one of us isn't  the other one is questionable  have fun figurin out which is which  lol "
why am i up at 5 smile 0? stupid nose and dog  i am going to crash again 
it is 1:10pm and i am still so exhausted  maybe it is time to put on the movie again (since i crashed and didn't finish it) and rest today 
break your heart - taio <propfirst>
walking up to the apartment  fun night!
awake and spending time with the puppy dogs  today calls for rest and laundry 
"\he always said that if you get a girl that is too good for you - you should marry her \"""""
"\those three words we all want to hear - lets get naked \"" adorable movie!"""
oh lord  christmas decorations are being put up next door  i guess i have to deal with the reality of the holidays eventually 
give me your opinion on my schooling - what do you think about my studies for behavorial sciences? child   adolescent therapy mainly
three days this week and then i am on thanksgiving break! - starting to get interested in behavorial sciences for s <propmale>  i think i need to do more research before selecting it though 
"you know <propfemale> tales don't come true, \not when it comes to you\open up for the first time, \and you can bet that it's the last time \\i'm sick of the sleepless never ending nights \i just don't care who was wrong or right,\i'm sick of the rumors and the alibis\you tear me up"
"oh thank god i am leaving for 4 days  apparently, he is now sick all of a sudden "
i am such a bitch   but i love with every centimeter of my heart 
pickled me walnuts - wtf?
so much for leaving early   here comes 7 o'clock 
i shut down the computer completely only to remember that i still had to send out the most important email  great 
i have left the building!
so we made it to pasadena  <propfemale> is pissed - <propfemale> is curious and takin over the house  sophie? ready to go to sleep  lord this shall be a fun trip 
happy thanksgiving friends and family of facebook! i love you all for each and every reason possible  i hope you have a wonderful day with your family (if you celebrate the holiday or not ) stay safe and eat some good food!
"i am thankful for my friends, family and loved ones  thank you all for walking beside me this past year  we have many more years to go together!"
my baby niece! she is so big now  i am worn out!
today was successful  thank you to everyone that had a part to do with today (near or far ) i am thankful for each one of you and love you all 
"\back away from my drill bucket \"" - <propmale>"""
the dogs and i are chilling while mom and <propmale> are at work  glad someone else is working other than me  about damn time 
"mom and i went to target and kroger  picked up a webcam (so people stop birching), laptop mat, food and puppy treats  enough of black friday for me!!"
"for my uncle, skype is now setup as well  anything else i can do for anyone today??"
"oh my lord  mollie is humping <propfemale>  yes everyone, both are females "
"you must learn from the mistakes of others  you can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself \~sam levenson\ http annoyed  j mp g7 laugh 5b\ #android #quote"
ended up crashing early  it is way too chilly outside  time to go back to sleep 
cold weather + dog = fiesty <propfemale>
"if i am getting sick, someone is going to get hurt!!"
crashed around 10 smile 0-11pm  i woke up due to lack of breathing at 5 smile 0  who wants to take care of me? someone got me sick!!
this sucks!
off shopping for christmas presents with mom and <propmale>  oh what fun when i cant breathe to save my life 
mom thinks she is funny  i think not at this moment 
headed back to the apartment with the puppies  i had a nice few days in pasadena  even with getting ill half way through it  back to work tomorrow 
last night was drama-filled thanks to someone  headed to work even though i feel next to miserable 
"so it has come to my attention that i may have over-stepped my bounds  to those who i have hurt, i apologize "
i told him that i am thinking about moving out of the apartment  no more secrets 
"is it possible to deattach your nose, clear out the sinus passages, and then reattach the nose? yeah, i didn't think so  damn "
it's awesome coming home feeling like crap due to this damn cold and finding a check from woodforest for $ 147 00 
"of course, when i finally get ready to get on skype and talk to my uncle, he disappears  well, blah him then "
off to work again   i am ready for this weekend so i can attack this damn cold 
survived day 4  what did i learn today? i learned that it is none of my business if someone who should be helping pay the bills works or not  great 
so i'm guessing that no one has decided they need me for today  i'm going to go lay down 
do i watch my niece even though i feel like someone ran me over or no? that is todays main question 
my babysitting techniques kicked back in high gear  that kid is crazy and wide awake 
she will fall asleep   she will fall asleep   
"she didn't crash until almost 2am  i finally made it completely dark in the room with very little noise  it will be so much easier when i have a room for her to sleep in  soon enough, soon enough "
<propfemale> is out like a light in the recliner with me  enough said 
i love my baby girl but i am exhausted!! time to rest and then start on the work crap i brought home 
"so i crashed hard-core about 5pm  my body is still trying to regain strength from being sick all week and then watching the little terror - angel, i meant  i swear   smile  trying to figure out if i'm going to make an appearance tomorrow night  not sure yet "
i need a friend   
the risk isn't worth the reward   
"in 59 days, i will be yet another year older  why does it seem this year wasn't as successful as i'd hope?"
i have decided 
"at jiffy lube with <propmale>, then off to pickup a birthday present, home to chill and cook, then pick up momma and off to be stupid with sister-in-law  yay!"
"\you are a stupid hot date  just how i like 'em \"" lol  oh lord help me """
had a blast playing <propfirst> with sister-in-law  about to head home and get ready for another week of hell  what fun 
"why am i awake? besides my back killing me, these dogs are awake  who wants to try and tell me i dont have my own set of kids?!"
"for the safety of all, do not piss me off this week "
didn't i warn everyone about not pissing me off??
now that my mental breakdown is done - let us move onto more exciting things  sleep 
"and my point is well proven   if my dogs are harmed while i am at work, someone will die "
"i am going home  it is obvious that the shaking, coughing and vomitting feeling are not going away anytime soon "
"touch my dog again and see what happens! i was hoping this wouldn't turn ugly, but apparently, you want it this way "
try me  send me a message and i will tell you what i honestly think of you 
i think the fever broke  i feel a bit more normal  it is time to go back to sleep 
so it is official  i feel like crap  here comes another day of non-stop coughing  lovely 
survived today  that is a plus  go me!
caught up with a friend i haven't spoken to in awhile - now it is time to go to sleep 
"why is it that when i think i am getting better, it comes back with a vengeance??"
i am about to crash    
what kind of trouble can i get into tonight?
why does it hurt so deep to hear the truth when you knew it all along?
it is 62 degrees outside and i can freezing  i think my fever is reappearing  great 
my body has won the battle   i'm giving in and giving up 
"i woke up from a dead sleep coughing horribly  took more cough medicine, cold medicine, and a glass of milk  night time again "
i think someone is fucking with the electrical lines   
"my niece \why are you sick?\"" - my answer \""i have no idea \"" gotta love being cared about by a 4 year old  my baby girl """
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
be number one in someones life or nothing in everybodies life?
off shopping for the puppies with katt  we could get in serious trouble here at petsmart   wink 
"today was successful  army and mixer got pictures taken with <propfemale> (that was fun ) had a trip at petsmart with katt and them  picked up some new puppy food for the dogs (they love it ) went to walgreens, walmart, chilis  katt got her xmas present  i needed today to get out of my funk! oh yeah, and the dog park  here comes pneumonia!"
i am exhausted! so i am going to bed  screw all this madness 
see that is the difference between you and me  i am okay with missing you  you aren't okay with admitting that you miss me too 
"as weird as this sounds, i think all the fresh air yesterday actually -helped- clean out my lungs  weird "
fortune cookie for today: faith answered  no one was there 
called a cab to pick my butt up from work  i am not looking forward to tomorrow  call in sick day!! or not 
am i really afraid of being alone? or am i afraid of change? it's all the same these days 
"and i love it when i sit at home, alone with the dogs and i am seconds away from crying  i think it is bedtime now "
"i said i would go in, i never said i would be happy about it "
11 - 17- 35 - 50   where did all the time go?
i think i need a drink    
2 drinks down and stories are being told  oh lord this is interesting 
"had an awesome night with <propfirst> moore, katarina moore, and joy malone  i am so ready for bed  doctor here i come tomorrow!"
you act so surprised when i repeat it  how many times do i need to tell you?
semi-short day at work  doctors appointment at 4  am i ready to find out why i cant stop coughing??
"apparently i missed something last night   well, what can i do?"
i made someones day  my life is now complete   smile 
"doctor in 2 hours, dinner with mom, and then probably xmas shopping  a full afternoon, that is for sure "
"as <propfemale> <propfirst> once said, \life goes on \"""""
"so you know, i dont hate you  find me when you are ready to listen to someone who has no reason to lie to you "
"i can't get ahold of the one person i want to talk to  so i guess it is time to face the facts and go to sleep  but then again, who really needs sleep anyway?"
oh thank god it's friday 
okay  now it is chilly again  texas needs to stop being such a bitch and make up her mind  hot or cold 
"i'm listening to \before he cheats\"" by <propfemale> underwood http annoyed  bit ly eyivfd"""
"whenever you are ready to stop hurting, i'm all for it throat "
relaxing all curled up in bed watching netflix  a nice quiet afternoon 
so plans change every minute in my world  and here they go switching again 
just saw a really cute guy that kept staring at me   
a good part of the christmas shopping done  need to get a few last things tomorrow 
<propfemale> is now done  working on lunch and then the gift cards for the remaining peeps 
fire truck with <propfemale> canes   i am afraid to see this madness 
gifts for immediate friends i will see tonight are wrapped  hamburger is now cooked  rice is cooking and will work on the broccoli shortly  i am exhausted already 
ppv with friends and family  broccoli rice and cheese is done  tomorrow shall be entertaining 
ppv is now over  getting stuff together to head home  only 4 days until i get a long weekend  come on short week 
"sometimes you just need to accept reality and say \screw trying to live in this fantasy \"""""
what do you do when you run out of options and time? put on a fake smile and have a lot of faith 
"the last hour was interesting   i am ready to sit back, relax and watch netflix "
it is really loud outside and people are stomping up the stairs  i am waiting for the gunshots 
it is 2 am and i am still wide awake  this can't be good for tomorrow 
last night sucked with being told i had no consideration or compassion for someone else  and that was just the start of the conversation that become an emotional abuse gift for christmas 
headed home in hopes of a quiet night 
"so this week is a lot of days tossed together  without looking, i couldn't tell you what today is  is it time to go back to sleep yet?"
i ran away   
its not that damn important!
last day of work before the holiday weekend   i am not too sure how today is going to go down 
off to the family dinner  i hate holidays for this reason exactly 
i think my body just gave up   
took a 2 hour nap before momma and <propmale> came home  now i am up and having to go out to the grocery store  <propfemale> f'n christmas 
it is pouring down rain outside  god that is a beautiful sound 
christmas so far?? amethyst earrings and a dolphin pillow pet from momma and <propmale>! yay!
i think mom needs to stop drinking now  she is trying to eat cool whip straight out of the container 
"to my loved ones (family, friends, and otherwise), <propfemale> christmas  i love each of you all "
5 - 23 - 38
on the road again  headed back home for 4 days  then probably back to momma and abels 
i really do not want to get up  it is way too cold and i didn't get nearly enough sleep 
"work day is done  trying to kick my ride out of work so i can go home  dinner, laundry and sleep are in store for tonight!"
"you are not alone, katarina moore, i am not too happy either "
i would like to know why i am awake at 6 am  i have been fighting sleep for 2 hours 
why do people try to use the internet if they dont know the difference between email and internet e playful lorer?
is everyone ready to put on their big kid panties and deal with reality?
and i get what i ask for  emotional abuse round two  check 
so much for making dinner  burned the hell out of the back of my hand  damn that hurts 
"dear sleep, i am not sure what i did to piss you off, but i am soooo sorry   please come back!"
lack of sleep last night  i am looking forward to more sleep hopefully tonight  night ya'll 
"i just realized  between november and december, you spend a lot of money due to the flipping holidays "
who did the rain dance?
i am thinking about going to bed  god i must be getting old 
f**k a monkey!
last day for this week   can i do this??
what is my new years resolution? to finally be happy 
i love waking up and not having to run anywhere  this is awesome!!
so he forgot to set the alarm for him and now it is my fault that he overslept  when did i become in charge of waking him up for work?
i guess i should eventually get into the shower and get dressed  eventually  
off to eat dinner at fuzzy's pizza  then homeward bound to see my puppies 
yummy <propmale>!
"i don't understand how i can buy a pack of 8 hair clips, and within months, they all are gone  where the hell do they go??"
come on 5 smile 0   i want to go home!
"thankfully, time is my friend  let us see if sleep is as well "
spent some time with my adopted dogs  now off to see my babies 
i have this feeling in my gut like i need to run around the house singing at the top of my lungs   
so when did 5 smile 0 become 6 which became 6 smile 0? just wondering 
"it is fine that it is over, but cant you own up to it and let everyone else know?"
"before anyone starts freaking out and texting me, that last message was not directed at anyone can read it "
"1 question, 1 honest answer  you can ask me 1 question (send it to my inbox), ask anything! no matter how awkward it is, i'll answer it "
"if it walks like a duck, talks like a duck, and offers to drive you and the dogs to ihop, it usually is a duck, right?"
"so i am chillin inside the bedroom with a blanket and the dogs resting on the floor  what else am i doing? watching eat, pray, and love  bedtime here i come!"
an hour left of work then i am home bound! what kind of trouble can i get into tonight?!
"i have decided that someone needs to walk up behind me, grab and take me away for awhile "
"the date is set  i am visiting wisconsin from july 1st - july 19th, 2011!"
finally made it home! god that was a long day!
"bags are packed, house is cleaned up, and dogs are anxious  why does going away for 48 hours have to be a freaking zoo??"
"omfg! 2 dogs, 1 suitcase, 1 puppy gate, 1 box and 2 humans in a ford ranger!"
"we are here and settled  now if i could get the dogs asleep, life would be awesome!"
<propfemale> is eyeing <propfemale>  this dog wants to play with this bird so much!
transformer blew across the street   
do you really want to know? i didn't think so 
"using one word, describe how i am so far this year "
i feel like i am going to jump out of my skin at any minute  thankfully i am going to be around friends that love to laugh tonight   smile 
"after a shower, i feel a lot better!"
"nails done, medicine bought, food here  time to eat and chill for a moment "
hanging out with good friends and good drinks 
had a blast last night with friends  here is another work week  maybe if i keep my mouth shut i wont get in too much trouble 
"bread, house salad, bloomin' onion and no rules chicken pasta = full!"
"thank you for dinner, <propfirst> moore! love ya, brother!"
so everything has became real   we received the renewal letter from the front office 
"it is official, i am not a morning person!"
"in just a few short hours, i will be put on high blood pressure meds until my life settles down  i am a walking, bitching heart attack waiting to happen!"
120 88! success!
did we really have to have that 'talk' tonight??
no wonder why i am so flipping cold! it is only 26 degrees outside!!
"whoever decoded to freeze out texas, needs a reality check  texans are accustomed to hot weather  not cold!"
what do you do in a cold night? hop onto a hot bath!
okay  i am really starting to hate this cold weather  and my family wants me to live up north?!
you and i wake up in jail together    using only 4 words what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste as your status so i may comment on yours as well
i am walking on egg shells   
"on the phone with my sister, amarintha <propfemale> kochmann-gray   i miss these phone calls "
and it is friday  may it go quick and without anyone getting beat down for being a smartass 
nice and calm after a heart-felt conversation with a close friend  maybe i should track something down to eat for dinner before taking some meds to go to sleep 
why am i awake at 8am on my day off? because my kids are!
"so when i planned on taking a nap, i ended up cleaning out the closet and getting rid of a lot of stuff  go figure!"
what is the best part of sunday? laying in bed while listening to the rain pour outside  it is so calming!
"it is 8 smile 6 pm and i am now realizing that all i have eaten today was a bowl of pasta (at 10am), 2 minature cookies (and i mean -really- small; quarter size), and a starbucks mocha  logic would say to eat, but i think i am too damn tired!"
where did the last hour go?! and i think he is on a date or something  he has been gone for 12 hours now 
he came to lay down and i immediately woke up  typical 
so i have been up since 4am and am now headed to work  today is going to be a long day!
i survived manic monday without 3 colleagues  here goes nothing for tuesday!
that sucked   
"fine  i guess i need to turn it on and actually watch it  happy, <propfirst> garcia ??  smile "
why is it that my family tests my <propfemale> so much??
"so another early morning with lack of sleep  i guess i should jump into the shower and take care of the dogs  happy birthday, <propfirst> st <propfirst>  i love you!!!!"
i may end up beating someone up if they tell me i need to update my review for a third time  - the end of my morning rant 
i think it is sinking in  he is looking for a second job 
at exclusive furniture with <propfemale> pleasant!
thank god today is over with  when did manic monday roll over into tuesday?
"update on mom: train was late in longview, tx  she is now headed towards texarkansas "
i think my brain just went dead  i can't type anymore nor do i know where the keys are on the keyboard  i must crash now    
and i am up again at 6 am  this has to be illegal somehow!
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour, if you or someone you know has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  ?"
"update on mom: springfield, il  there is some snow  not a lot though "
"music is jamming, emails are piling, and stress is never-ending  i am just waiting until he finds me again "
lunch time with <propfemale> sanchez!
spoke to the apartment complex  no openings yet  and he is making my life hell 
how do you fail to notice 2nd grade students engaging in oral sex while teaching the class? wtf!
"whatever you give to a woman, she will make greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile, she will give you her heart   she multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given  so if you give her crap, be ready to receive alot of shit !!! real women keep this going "
i miss you   
"i am going to go to bed  i am not feeling so well  if you need me, call the cell phone "
i happened to wake up and notice that he is no where to be seen  we are starting this again  two can play that game  at least someone -wants- to talk to me 
best birthday present ever? getting a call from the apartment complex!
"congrats, packers!"
9 days   
what am i going to do?!?!
can we pretend that i have said it and move on for a day?
"no, <propfemale> daniels, i am -not- pregnant! my bad for having sinus crap in my head!  smile "
chinese food for lunch! awesome 
"silence is a text easy to misread \~a  a  attanasio\ http annoyed  j mp hq9zdw\ #android #quote"
"thank you, <propfemale> daniels  apparently, i got married last night in las vegas  -- what else will this week bring??"
"so today, someone decided to throw a few bombs at me that have made me think a lot about my life  the decisions i make from these said bombs will impact everyone close to me  what to do? what to do?"
"doesn't make much sense, does it? homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't have the guts to re-post this "
wtf did i do to my hand last night?!
tgif! weekend plans: spend time with the ones i love and continue packing!
"i wear makeup,  so im fake   i get dressed up   so i'm up myself   i say what i think   so i'm a bitch   i cry sometimes   so i'm an attention seeker   i talk to guys    so im a slut   i stand up for myself   so im mouthy   i like my food   so im fat    seems like you cant do anything these days without being labelled   so label me because i dont give a f**k!! put this as your status if your proud of who you are "
there is something i should tell you  i refuse to be anything but happy!
this week is finally here!
mom got on the bus  she is headed to chicago 
to all my work buddies - who wants to do a starbucks run with me today?? i need coffee!
headed home  day 1 - success!
about to crash   less than 36 hours!
and here comes the rain   
"i have come to a point in my life where i've  realized who matters, who never did, and most importantly who doesn't anymore  and i'm not sad  "
how did i end up with the 2 dogs that are deathly afraid of a rainstorm?!
"yep, the cold weather has returned  oh what joy!"
"options on apartments annoyed \1 bedroom annoyed \$ 665   month + $ 40 (washer   dryer)   month = $ 705 before taxes\787 square footage\\2 bedroom: \\$ 797   month + $ 40 (washer   dryer)   month = $ 837   month\1027 square footage\\opinions??"
and this is why i am going to wisconsin in july   it is cold enough down here on my birthday!
"for 24 hours, i am not going to stress about my living situation, relationships, or life in general  i am going to enjoy my birthday, damnit! either join or get the hell out of the way "
waiting for something and then bedtime!
25 flipping degrees outside   whoever said this was a good idea needs a reality check!
we just lost our power    i cant help but laugh at this point 
still no power   theory  how am i supposed to get dressed and ready for work? i am going to look like skuz if the power doesnt come back on!
anyone know if the office has power?
"and i lost power again  thankfully, i was able to get my hair done and makeup on beforehand "
"so, the boy who i have spent 6 years with forgot my birthday   thank god i moved onto better things!"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! keep 'em coming! i love each of you all!
so birthday was going great until i tried to get an apartment   i make too much money 
no comment     
i am home  call me later and i'll e playful lain why 
i think i hear a storm coming    bring it on!
"so where am i at 5:40pm? i am sitting on the bathroom floor, in the dark trying to calm down from today "
i think i need to write   i just hope i find the words 
for an update on saturday's party - it is still on!
it is 20 minutes to 1am and i am still awake   
and here comes the sleet   i don't think i am going to sleep much tonight  i'm finally unwinding from the past two days events 
i hate waking up to severe trembling in my body  wth?
got the message from work  stay home - see you monday  yep  i still have this migraine and my stomach is flipping  -- i wasn't going to go in anyway today 
the last 2 days are catching up to me  who wants to come over and give me a neck massage? i will make lunch or something!  smile 
i have been up for 11 hours on only 4 hours of sleep    i am having one heck of a time focusing 
"so during my 'disciplinary' action meeting yesterday, i was asked to take this weekend to think about what i have done and how i have acted  -- honestly? my birthday week has so far sucked  i have tried to remain positive, but fuck it  my weekend starts now and the only thing i am going to be thinking about is where the alcohol is "
my biggest fear is unfolding in front of me   i am failing everyone around me 
hot chocolate! yum!
down 5 people   but we are headed to the party anyway!
"tonight was pure awesome! to those that showed up, thank you so much! i love each of you all  pictures to come tomorrow!"
getting my crap together to head back towards houston   is tomorrow monday already??
on the road again   on the road again 
dogs home? check  nuggets picked up? working on it 
and the fun gets even better   
this is an interesting get together   
and it is a lot calmer downstairs 
green bay won  bedtime now!
5 hours left   
"everything is opposite, i dont feel like stopping it\tell me baby, what do i have to lose\he is into me for everything i am not\according to you "
survived day 1  only 4 more to go until the weekend is here again 
i need coffee to survive today  
baked potato for lunch with alms and <propfemale>  yummy!
day 2 = check  dogs fed = check  dogs taken medicine = check  dinner = screw it  i'm going to crash instead!
living with someone who has severe anger management issues = <propmale> anxiety issues
headed home  day 3 = check 
"only an aunt can love like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and believe like a friend  if you're an auntie who loves your nieces n nephews, post this to your status!"
i woke up to the bed vibrating    how the hell did my cell phone end up on the bed underneath <propfirst>??
can someone like turn up the heat in this state? 25 degrees is not nice 
tgtf!!!!
"my left knee is severely jacked up  it hurts to straighten it out, walk on it, limp on it, everything  i guess i will be putting a patch on it and my knee brace  oh!! tgif!"
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! i hope t   o see this on your status today "
i am down to 20 minutes until my weekend begins!
doctor = check  stressed? = duh!! apartment = application filled out = check  cross your fingers!
i feel like my heart is about to jump out of my chest   panic attack 101!
xanax kicked in  night night 
crashed like a baby   going to do it again 
"what am i doing awake at 7am? oh yeah, i crashed at 8pm  i forgot "
cross your fingers!!
4 hours & 30 minutes  
and the big news is           i got the apartment!
to all those who said i couldn't do it  here i am proving each one of you wrong again 
the biggest decision of this year? applying for an apartment  the most exciting decision of this year? where i am going to put all my crap in the new apartment!
had a blast spending time with <propfirst> abantao  time to crash before the ex-mother in law shows up 
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, have more money, a new phone  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour "
"i felt the need to state the obvious  those who know whom, know not to say anything  those who don't know, they will find out soon enough "
19 days!!!!
18 days! to tell or not to tell 
so what is on the stove waiting for me when i got home? a can of corn to make him rice and corn for dinner  go figure 
who wants 2 dogs that may very well end up in pain if they dont let me get sleep!
i refuse to be negative for the remainder of today!
\she left that loser in the dust cloud \,c2825901ec8a42c698ca8944b52dc2ac,a lot can be e playful lained by the moon   also by stupid people 
it sometimes comes down to two options: lifetime of happiness or knowledge that someone else wont have it 
i cannot willingly live in someone elses happiness 
this pain is taking every little bit of strength i have left 
tgif! 10 hours at work and then a weekend full of other crap to do for the townhome 
work is now done  i am standing outside the office waiting on the taxi to pick my ass up 
almost freaking home!
i'm going to the acupunturist next week  i can't handle this pain anymore!
"name a theme for each of the rooms in the townhouse annoyed \- master bedroom\- master bathroom\- spare bedroom\- spare bathroom\- living room\- kitchen\- 1 2 bath (downstairs)"
14 days until i move! lord help me get through these next 2 weeks without becoming a pile of roadkill 
"ikea trip was fun  many ideas and laughs  off to see an old friend, grocery shopping, and then back to da puppies!"
flat beer + sugar = no thanks!
"i may not have much figured out, but i assure you, i know who my true friends are  - me"
off walking with <propfemale> and mom  here comes a mile walk 
"so, <propfirst> st <propfirst>, <propfemale> belden, and i walked 2 <propmale> today  i am officially broken!"
"<propmale> <propmale> & <propfemale> moore, we need to have a \come to jesus\"" meeting [as mom would say ]"""
"off to the ppv with mom and <propmale>  then back to their place, grab the crap and dogs, and then home "
"got the dogs, computer, clothes, and hangers  i am headed back to the temporary home  only 13 more days!!"
i am home  goodnight!
"oh, i am feeling the 2 mile walk right now     "
is it time to go home yet?
2 1 2 hours and i am headed home  bedtime is coming soon!
headed out of work with <propfemale>  i cant wait to get home and sit down!
there always comes a point where i have to remind myself to be proud of my accomplishments  today is another one of those days 
"i think i need to go curl up in bed, and hide from the world  i have a feeling i will piss someone off if i am vocal anymore "
"you wanted to see me break down, there you go  i am finally in pieces "
"??????????????? ????? ??????????????? ?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status? ??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"okay, lord, i get it  you can stop testing me at any point now  i am better off without  got it "
11 days until my life is changed forever 
about to head the heck out of here  i dont think i can handle much more of today  lmao 
"had an awesome dinner with <propfirst> garcia & <propfemale>  work today, finding a ride home, and then back to procrastinating in doing laundry  my life in a nutshell "
tgiw! thank god it's wednesday!
i think today can be summed up by using one word   long!
laundry started? check! dogs fed? check! chilling in the bedroom for a bit before i crash? about to start 
off to work again   gotta love being off to work again!
5 smile 0 cannot come soon enough!!
"boy, do i hate this feeling!!!! i feel like i am going to jump out of my chest "
tgiff - thank god it is friday finally!
"that is awesome  mom likes me the most, wants to kill me, and is my best friend all in 2011  great "
going mia for a few days  i need to figure shit out 
who will be pulling me back as i pull away?
"~~put a photo of your pet - no matter what animal - as your profile picture! the idea is not to see anymore people faces until february 28, so as to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse!!!!!! if you are against animal abuse, copy this message and put it as your status!~~"
officially did the last deed for the new apartment before moving in - signed up for electricity!
"so this time next sunday, i will be in my own townhouse - trying to unpack the madness that saturday brought  this is now becoming real "
i just told him   
so it is monday all over again  the last 5 days before my life changes forever 
chick-fil-a is packed - off to arby's instead  screw that!
scared out of my damn mind right now!
"got home  dogs are okay, i have the check and it is away from him, and the apartment is in one piece  god i hope it stays this way "
"he is in the living room, watching a movie  so far so good  to everyone who calmed me down today (and helped me), thank you so much  i love each of you!"
thank you lord for making my day a little bit easier!
"the only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear \~aung san suu kyi"
"in the end, i had two choices: to let myself be happy, or let you be happy  after 6 years, i chose to let myself be happy "
"thanks to <propfemale>, i have a money order, benedryl for the dogs and lunch  one more thing to check off the list!"
two more things done that i could not finish at work  yay  so time for bed   smile 
three more days  i can't believe my life is changing forever 
"off to work i go, off to work i go  please let today be easier than yesterday!"
"in a little over 63 hours, i will be moving   "
"and at the end of it all, all i can say is \you are her problem now \"""""
i made it home  under 48 hours   
"so i feel the need to write down my thoughts; and then i remember, who really cares unless they are made into actions "
"what has changed in the past 6 years? everything   but at least i know what i want, what i need, and what i won't put up with anymore "
"the next 24 hours are going to be extremely difficult   i am saying goodbye to the life i knew, and looking forward to a better, more loved life ahead "
"am i really doing this? oh hell yeah, i am!"
i got a $ 732 raise! yay!
bathroom - check! hallway closet - not done  bedroom - not done  end table - 1 2 done! kitchen - not done  ^ ^
bathroom - check! hallway closet - check! bedroom - not done  end table - 1 2 done! kitchen - not done  ^ ^
bathroom - check! hallway closet - check! bedroom - not done  end table - 3 4 done! kitchen - not done  filing cabinet - check! ^ ^
"so while going through the filing cabinet and talking to friends, i ran across letters from my father (and to my father ) they reminded me exactly why i am doing this move right now "
waiting on the momma!
i signed the lease!
money order - check! internet card - check! off to sign any other stupid paperwork for the old place and then moving!
i remember why i am leaving trails of ashford  rude ass people 
1st load done! dogs are chilling with momma at the townhouse  off to do the second load  my legs are killing me already! i am so going to get in shape quick!
ugh! closet almost cleared out  on the way back with the second load of stuff 
so 2 loads are moved over now  <propfirst> abantao and <propfirst> st <propfirst> are picking up drinks from the store nearby  master bathroom is unpacked and dogs are pretty set-up  i can't believe this is really all mine 
"i am now 100% out of <propfirst>'s apartment! thank you so much, <propfemale> garcia, <propfirst> st <propfirst>, <propfirst> abantao, <propfemale> belden, & <propfirst> belden for helping me move! i owe each of you a lifetime of gratitude!  love  you all!"
and i forgot <propmale>  lol   smile 
"off to breakfast with <propfemale> belden, <propfirst> st <propfirst>!  smile "
"out shopping for things for the new townhouse! found a <propfemale> green bathroom rug set, a dog quote plaque, and a rug for the front door   smile "
first morning alone? happy 
day 1 - survived  waiting on the cab to pick me up and then headed home to go lay down 
my mama always told me never put off til tomorrow people you can kill today   smile 
"with stomach pain and a migraine, i vow to stay in bed today "
"even after falling back asleep for a few more hours, i still feel horrible and really dizzy  this sucks "
i am seriously considering going back to sleep for awhile  i am ready to feel normal again!
"the boyfriend and i made a promise to each other that we will both write something, no matter how much or little, everyday until may 1st  why does it seem like this is going to be a very long time period??"
day 1   
is really not feeling up to being here today 
"i had lunch with <propfirst> abantao, <propfemale> belden, and <propfirst> st <propfirst> at black eyed pea  yummy food "
i took 3 excedrine extra strength pills around 1 smile 0  it is now 3:12 and i still have this migrane and upset stomach  ick!
5 minutes until i go home    i am ready to put on music and wear myself out by unpacking stuff  maybe that will help take my mind off of something 
"waiting at the pharmacy for my drugs   apparently, i am not allowed to be crazy anymore "
still waiting   
and finally   drugs are now picked up 
so i finally made it home  that took flipping forever!
goodnight!
"i need to get the puppy steps for the babies to climb onto the bed  i guess my babies are finally getting \old \"""""
   i miss you 
11 1 2 hours today without a break    i am probably going to kill myself off before i know it 
"so plans constantly change  waiting on colleague to take me home, so it will be 12 hours in this building without a break  i can't wait until the office moves!"
i thought i was strong enough to do this   i just realized how weak i really am 
who wants to come over and stay with me for a bit? i'm losing it really quick and i need someone who won't be judgmental 
"thank you, lord  the message is all too clear "
i'm in love with my best friend  it makes all the sense in the world now 
t g i f  - can i call in dead??
thank you <propmale> <propmale> & <propfemale> moore for talking me down from the brink last night  i  love  you both!
i just ended an 7 year friendship   i did the right thing 
"to anyone who has been hurt by the changes i have made in my life, i am sorry  eventually, i hope each of you will forgive me "
"`v)\`  \  )  )\(  this balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the japanese earthquake & tsunami  please pass this balloon on & show your support & prayers for them all during this devastating time "
"copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands for one hour without your brothers or sisters protesting, it is true!"
"got off work early, didn't go to my doctor's appointment because he had an emergency  <propfirst> st <propfirst> and i went to the old apartment to deal with that drama, went to all size storage to put in my vacate notice, went to t-mobile to buy her a new phone, went to my apartment to get the dogs, went to pasadena and then went back out to pickup <propmale> morales from work  damn am i tired!!"
"happy birthday, baby    i love you!"
"while i have the house to myself, i am off getting all 'dolled' up  rather, i am getting myself un-uglified, rather   smile "
<propmale> is now done! we are off to the pwa show  pictures to come   wink 
"saw my two babes already  got the picture taken for mom  and now just enjoying time with friends   smile  i love you, boyfriend!"
gotta love intermission  come on guys!
so    uh   are we done or no? we are confused!!
headed to whataburger with the crew  i cant wait until bedtime 
"bedtime, please!"
had a fun night   time for bed 
and goodnight 
<propfemale> ran away again    i am wondering if i should just let her one of these days 
"she ran away -again - next time, she is on her own!"
watching <propmale> morales play naughty bear on the wii  this is interesting 
something is blooming in pasadena and it is screwing with me  bad!
there  all of the recent pictures taken over the past week are now uploaded  enjoy!
so i took a 2 hour nap hoping i would feel better - i feel worse  damn 
on the road again   
49 days and counting    keep on believing 
"still feel like crap, but oh well  48 days "
"about to go out to lunch with <propfemale> sanchez  ugh, it is raining!"
who wants to be awesome and take me home at 5 smile 0? last week of having to figure out this crap!
"cab is showing up at 5 smile 0  i need to go home, curl up in bed, and sleep "
headed home  i feel horrible!
kind of hoping someone gets online so i can talk to them for a few moments before bed   
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying 
"99 1 -- as much as i feel like someone ran me over, i have way too much to do "
"probably going to have to go to the doctors soon  2 black-out periods today, still coughing, fever of 99 8, and generally feeling like crap  ugh "
at work   in pain 
"i am starting to think what i felt was true, maybe isn't so true anymore "
so i managed through-out the day at work  fever coming and breaking every few moments  i think it is bedtime soon 
"managed to cook my first meal (even though it was very small) in my own home! plus, the kitchen floor is wet from the dogs drinking their water - but i don't give a damn  it is their house too!"
"heading out to lunch with <propfirst> st <propfirst>  then i go back to work, and get off around 3:45-4 o'clock to go to the doctor and deal with this crap in my chest  oh what a joy!"
blood pressure was off the charts high   160 106  so <propfemale> is banned from stress the rest of today   so contact her on facebook or msn to send happy thoughts   this is mom posting for <propfemale>
"waiting on <propfirst> abantao  apparently, he needs to watch over me when i am on these strong drugs  thanks, <propfirst> st <propfirst> "
so it is time to get up again   damn 
oooof! moving the office is now done  time to unpack it all 
okay   i am going to walk home now 
took me 15 minutes to walk home  i am fucking beat from today!!!
managed to walk home in 13 minutes (with traffic ) damn am i fucking tired now after moving the office and walking home  ugh! shower time soon 
who wants to go shopping for groceries and a microwave with me tomorrow?  smile 
"i am thinking    pjs, pillows, dogs, and a blanket sound like an awesome combination "
"and now, it is bedtime   "
how is it that it is saturday and i can't sleep? go figure 
no time better than now since no one is replying to my messages to go eat something downstairs 
is thinking   that isn't always a safe thing to do 
"it is entertaining when one minute everything makes sense, and another, nothing does  life  what fun "
met my next door neighbor with the little dog  she is so sweet!
"who wants to come over and help me decorate?  wink  dining room table and chairs are setup, puppy jail is placed, and dog leashes are <propmale> up next to the front door "
<propfemale> just dug her way out of the back porch  there goes another scar on my heart  ugh!!
i need to go to ikea 
i am holding out for that one person that wants me as their number one  not number whatever 
"this is the most time i have spent downstairs, all windows open, porch door open, music on with the dogs since i moved in  i am finally \home \"""""
someone better get this dog to stop barking before we are down 1 dog in this household 
"after moving boxes around and hanging up stuff around the place today, i need a back and neck massage  bad!"
"you know that big thing, that has pillows and blankets and two dogs? yeah  that sounds really nice right now  who wants to join me?  smile "
ugh!
"i am happy to announce that the dogs and i have finally settled into our home  we no longer care about getting up and doing something right away, nor do we care that we all are hungry  we just want to stay curled up in bed   smile  welcome home, puppies!"
can someone tell me when these nightmares about <propfirst> will end?!?
i have spent all day thinking about you   i only hope you are watching over me in heaven 
"if someone does not get this dog to stop barking, i may kill something "
mon shows up and everyone gets quiet  fucking hell!
rather   mom shows up 
"today was   pricey  went shopping with <propfirst> st <propfirst> and <propfirst> abantao  picked up groceries, large trash can for the kitchen, microwave, dish rack, dish rack mat, silverware drawer, tupperware lid container and some other stuff that i forgot  mom made dinner  i'm exhausted and now drugged up  'night!"
"oh yeah, and my phone is all possessed and shit now  so i am using the spare phone we had (that mom brought over in another load of her crap today ) so if i didn't respond to any of the texts, text me again with it  hopefully, i can use my original phone tomorrow (given the demons leave it )"
i love how the dogs are asleep once again  there is truly something wrong with this picture 
"i guess i should probably get ready for work one of these hours, huh? i don't wanna!  smile "
yay! my phone is acting semi-normal for now 
ugh! too much to do!
"being called into office for a \discussion\"" + mental breakdown at work    truly have to love it """
do i stay at work to catch up and run the risk of another mental breakdown or go home and rest?
"thanks to <propfemale> daniels, i was dropped off at the front entrance tonight after taking a full xanax  had a huge salad and the other chicken pasta meal left-over from last nights dinner  now it is a waiting game to see if i may have company or not  i could really use some after today's conversation at work "
to stay awake or to fall asleep? i don't know anymore 
today is what you would call 'decision day ' ugh  i am tired of decisions   smile 
eating lunch and then running back to work for another 3 hours 
141   101 <--- still too high and i need to destress!
8 smile 0 with a 4 smile 0 wake up time  goodnight!
at work    is there any hope that getting here 2 1 2 hours early will get me caught up on stuff??
"walked home for lunch, dropped off inventory thing and got mailbox key, got laundry card and filled up  got a few minutes to rest and then walking back to work "
only a few hours left and i can go back home  yay!
"i have been told to say something when i need someone   well, i need you now "
one of two things are going to happen   either i will continue stating what i feel or eventually stop talking completely  how far will they push me?
and now two loads of laundry is in the washers  call me productive today!
"three loads of laundry done and upstairs  ugh, i am tired now! bedtime!  love "
good morning    
i have truly become fearless over the past three weeks living alone in this apartment  we had a roach crawling around on the floor and <propfemale> went to investigate  it freaked her out so <propfemale> went over and looked at it - walked around it and jumped on the bed from the other side  why do i have dogs if they won't kill a damn bug?!
lunch was yummy    picked up a few things at family dollar  back to work  oh yippee 
finally got down to a normal amount of emails  time to go home  screw this noise   wink 
ever have one of those days where you can't catch up to save your life? i am having one of those years   smile 
salad + spaghetti = happy tummy
hmm   you really have to love waking up to a long email from a loved one  it made my day!
"thanks to a friend: deadly terms used by women: 1 fine:this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are right and you need to shut up  2 nothing:this means something and you should be wary  3 go ahead: this is a dare, not permission  don't do it! 4 whatever: a woman's way of saying f*you!\5 that's ok: she's thinking long and hard befo   re deciding how and when you will pay for your mistake!"
every breath you take today should be with someone else in mind  - <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst>
to walk home for lunch or not to walk home for lunch  that is today's question 
grabbing lunch with a colleague  then back to work to deal with the rest of my day 
"is looking for that person who wants to come over and spend time with me  not because something is wrong, but because they just want company as well  any takers?"
"\i had one of those days today   so i need one of those nights tonight \"""""
"don't ever count someone \out\"" in your life  they may just surprise you and really grow on you when you didn't think they would """
i'm honestly thinking about walking down bissonnett to the dollar store - just to get out of the house for awhile  i have so much built up energy!
"that was a fun workout  walked 3 4 down to 59, shopped for over an hour, got a lot of stuff for the place and walked back home  ugh!"
"puppy laundry done and puppies went for a walk tonight  i can't get into my mailbox, backdoor to the apartment, or storage unit  i know what i am doing on monday during lunch! tomorrows tasks are: bathe puppies, change out puppy jail bedding, and change my bedding "
don't worry 'bout a thing - shedaisy
another one of those nights with horrid nightmares  ugh!
"chillin' in bed with the puppies  tasks for today: bathe dogs, change puppy bedding, change my bedding  -- maybe tonight will be more entertaining "
"# 1 rule for dealing with me:  do not play games with me  in my short amount of years, i have had way too much e playful erience with playing them "
one dog bathed  only one more to go 
"success! both dogs are now bathed as am i  bedding is changed upstairs  now i just need to change out the puppy jail bedding, do the few loads of laundry that i created, and make dinner  i am exhausted now!"
"too tired to cook - i resorted to cereal for dinner  pathetic, huh?"
"not much else got accomplished today after bathing the dogs, but oh well  i am way too damn tired  tomorrow starts another work-week  may i stay as sane as possible through it "
"lord, may you kindly help keep my mouth shut today  i need to hide from everyone and regain the ability to not say a word even if they piss me off "
walking home for lunch to see my babies 
"work order put in, food grabbed and now home  15 minutes and i have to go back  ugh!"
no better idea than to walk back to work   only 4 1 2 more hours until i can go home again!
i have the worst pain in my neck   this is going to be a fun week!
i never realized how little people i can vent at until now 
"i have finally figured it all out   don't rely on someone else to \be\"" there for you  rely on yourself to not kill those who piss you off in your path """
"i just realized a part of a conversation i had earlier today  \\me: i got suckered into moving a table from down the hall into another room \him: good thing \me: what do you mean by that? i walk to and from work everyday now to my apartment \him: good  you need it \\wtf?"
dogs are back out asleep like nothing else  it isn't fair!  smile 
"from this moment on  no one is allowed to say \goodbye\"" or any form thereof  it will be \""see you later\"" or any form thereof """
having dinner with the mommy  good times 
"tonight was hard  tomorrow will be even harder  but since i couldn't actually say it earlier  thank you, momma  you have been my rock through-out the past few months and i couldn't have done it without you  i love you so much!"
"thought about you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and day's before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have is memories and a picture in a frame  you're memory is a keepsake in which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart     re-post if you have someone special in heaven "
it is 7am and i strongly think i am more tired than last night  today shall be a fun day  ugh 
grabbing lunch and then headed back to the world of work  so far only 2 breakdowns  
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
the last person i needed to hear from just sent me a text    i think i have hit my limit today 
"so everyone knows, i am okay  a little messed up still, but holding it together as much as possible  it is now bedtime  \\thanks to a friend for keeping me company  even though i wanted to hurt him half-way through   smile "
"very sadly, most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour??? its special education week, and this is in honor of all the children who need a little extra help, <propfemale> & understanding "
i am finally home!
"so i am officially alone in the state of texas  her residence is now in wisconsin  as much as i miss her, i know she has to do what is necessary  i  love  you, momma!"
"i think my body is finally giving up  damn, i am exhausted!!"
sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn't think you wanted 
so i tried getting up out of the bed and i ended up flat down on my back instead  lol 
ahh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you don't look sick! it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside and looking fine on the outside  put as your status for 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness: lupus, fibromyalgia, cf, aps, diabetes, crohn's, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, ms, depression, bipolar, asd, anxiety, autism, cancer  you don't know what's going on inside someones body "
paid first full months rent  yay!
"i should really walk down to the store and pick up some groceries, but i don't feel up to it today  my allergies are beating up my nose!"
tomorrows plan is to have lunch with the brother  as for today? i need to do this damn laundry  lol  3 weeks in a row and all i do is laundry!
so i am resting upstairs with the babies  dishes are running in the dishwasher and i need to start the laundry   i really would like to find a ride to the grocery store sometime  hmph 
took an hour nap  i still feel like hell  ugh 
"so it is only 9pm on saturday and i am laying in bed again, pillow massager on my neck and surrounded by puppies  yep  it is bedtime "
it is 20 til noon and waiting to see if brother is still wanting to have lunch today   what fun 
"fixed up the kitchen a bit, rearranged stuff in the cabinets to fit everything  i have under 2 hours until i get to have lunch with the brother - way too long  i still haven't done laundry though   smile "
"so i followed <propfirst> st <propfirst> advice and let the massage pillow run against my neck  it didn't help  in fact, i am still in severe pain  i guess i need to let it massage my neck again tonight  ugh!"
about to have lunch with the brother   about damn time  i am hungry!
"this evening was entertaining to say the least  thanks to the brother, i was able to pick up some groceries and get out of the home for a bit  we  love  you, brother!"
"couldn't sleep worth a damn and been up for 2 hours already  i guess i should get ready for work, huh?"
psychiatrist appointment at 4 smile 0pm today  today shall be fun!
i forgot  i live my life to please the dogs  no wonder why they continuously kick and shove me out of the way 
\and i close my eyes\,c2825901ec8a42c698ca8944b52dc2ac,a good portion of my work on friday was for nothing  i so want to say a few choice words right now 
i am about to hit the end of my tolerance level 
ask for one more thing   i am out  i am done 
and there you go  that last thing was asked  and now i am locked out of my computer  ugh!
waiting on the cab  ugh!
cab finally showed up  almost to the office  ugh! more stress!
40 minutes late - but better than never  f'n cab driver who had an attitude problem!
"in 26 days, everything i know will change forever  in 88 days, i get to go see my beautiful niece, sister, mothers, and father!"
i am still exhausted! ugh!
i can't care anymore today  i give up 
finally walking up to my home  i am dead ass tired!
to ask around for a ride to walgreens or not to ask  that is the question 
"as much as i say i don't need you, a part of me still wants you to push for me to need you "
"i have waited 3,680 days [since i met you] to call you \mine \"" i only hope that the next 25 days go by quicker than ever before so decisions can be made """
"so as of friday, april 8th, 2011, my sister will be moving in with me finally  this weekend is going to be crazy!"
"ever have one of those days where you don't want to do anything just yet, and do not really care about the consequences? yeah, that is my day today "
i still don't want to get up and get going  i guess i have to eventually 
gotta love 2 1 2 hours worth of training 
"i am about to throw my hands up in the air and say \okay  i am done  you won \"""""
"the puppies and i went out and walked for a good 30-45 minutes  saw a group of young children, they played, i played with a 1 month old pitbull (adorable!) some guy came up, started hitting on me and asked for my number  that was a very productive walk!"
e playful lain to me why my sister and brother can't talk to -each other-?? <propfemale> moore & <propmale> <propmale> -- what in the world happened you two?? someone better start answering some serious questions 
crap! i still haven't found a ride over to walgreens to drop & pickup my scripts 
"i am a handful -i'm strong willed, independent, outspoken,and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you               double dog dare you   "
okay  ugh  i am up and sorta moving 
i have been at work for 4 hours and i have gotten next to nothing accomplished  great 
i just keep replaying the following statement in my mind: my give a damn is busted 
i had to make the decision between my family and work  i am headed home for today  work can wait 
"i have been waiting  i am starting to think i am \done\"" with it """
more of the living room cleared out  dinner was made and consumed  there are tons of crap on the stairs that i need to bring up to the bedroom  too much to do 
"i need furniture (i e  bookshelves, end tables, paintings, etc ) bad!"
it is 10 smile 0 and my mind is still racing  i dont know what to say or do anymore 
i guess i should go shower   ugh 
i ended up borrowing the back transmittor device from the supervisor  it is on my spine and neck  this is heaven!
ugh  it is only 12pm and i am already done with today  that is a bad sign!
"in an hour i have a meeting  in 4 hours, i have to get the heck out of here and move in my sister and niece "
i don't think all this is ever really going to end  oof!
headed home  will i or will i not have company??
i am -exhausted - but home!  smile 
retail therapy tomorrow at ikea   smile  yay!
it took me 34 days before i fell up the stairs and landed head-first against the wall  lovely 
i guess i should get up and function  retail therapy and bonding time with a friend today   wink 
i refuse to sit around the rest of my life waiting around for you to decide that i am the chosen one 
picked up mail from johns place  i do not miss this horrible gut feeling at all  ugh 
had lunch at cheddars with butthead  off to ikea!
picked up a few things at ikea  off to walgreens to pick up medication 
at petsmart! puppy mart!
back home  i took the inderal  let us see what happens 
"had a successful day shopping with <propfirst> abantao  got a few things at ikea, petsmart and medication at walgreens "
just found out the main hell of my existence has a new vehicle  this is what rage of fury feels like 
"i have a hot date with 4 different people tonight: pillow, blanket, <propfemale> and <propfemale>  night everyone!"
what will today bring? i am not too sure i want to get up and find out   smile 
i think i need someone to massage this pain out of my shoulder  i think i screwed it up during my trip up the stairs  hmph 
okay  so brother isn't up yet  sister isn't replying to any of my messages  and i have no idea what today is going to bring  but bring it on already!
and i give up   have it your way 
nothing yet   
"brother took over the computer  whatever he says, i am sorry in advance!"
decision has been made 
"three loads of laundry done  remaining three loads in the dryer  with any luck, i will be out like a light by 10 smile 0pm "
"laundry is done for a few weeks  probably need to do another small load next weekend, but oh well! i am beat now!"
"in 5 days, i would have been with him for 6 years  i can only hope that each year, these dates become a distant memory "
heading to work   i need today to fly by 
the fall from saturday is catching up to me   oof 
"having a nice lunch  salad, chicken rice and broccoli dish, and a side of corn  yummy "
"everytime i feel like i am getting ahead   i realize that i am still 10,000 steps behind  this is a never-ending spiral "
i am headed home  i am in too much pain to stay any longer 
"heading into work really early today   i need to try and do something productive  back, leg, and arm still are bothering me -- but to another day!"
lunch time!
"thanks to a friend, i made it home after being at the office for 13 hours  another long day tomorrow since i got close to nothing accomplished  bedtime soon!"
wakey wakey  ugh!
i need sleep  pronto!
"\the best way to right a wrong is to apologize to the one who you wronged \"""""
"oh yeah  and it was one of those days today, so i needed one of those nights (cereal) tonight   smile "
"unless someone on in particular jumps online, i think i am going to sleep "
yep   it is bedtime 
that was an enlightening phone conversation   yep  brain power is depleted  time to recharge 
so much for waking up on tine  obviously my body is cussing me out 
i am having another one of those days  i am going for straight sugar - mountain dew 
just now leaving the office to head home  ugh!
"for anyone who may (or may not) be worried about me, i made it home safely in the dark  all is well "
who wants to go shopping for a vacuum with me this weekend?  smile 
watching country strong  i think it is time to settle into my date with the pillow and blanket 
so i left work only 12 hours ago   and now i have to get ready to go back  tgif  i need a weekend!
i am about to stop helping everyone   i seem to get screwed in the end 
ugh!!!!!!!!
"\never wrestle with a pig: you both get all dirty and the pig likes it \"""""
   still at work  still stuff to do  
"i am hitting the \my head hurts too much to think straight\"" point  i don't know of one place that is worth all this pain and annoyance """
managed to get home around 25 - 30 minutes ago (or something like that ) too long of a day  ugh 
how'd i sleep? one dog was barking at her shadow on the wall all night  the other was itchy and scratchy all night 
"thoughts keep running through my mind   with any luck, they will stop soon "
so it appears i will be without family  that is fine  whatever 
woke up from my nap with a threatening message  great 
had lunch with <propfemale> belden and <propfirst> belden  picked up my medicine and got a new phone (since the other one was dying fast ) successful day!
"i can't send out text messages and called customer care and still couldn't figure it out  so if you need me, send me a message here  i can receive, just not send  ugh!"
"take it from e   if you ask for trouble, it will find you "
"so today is one of those days where when everything goes left, i go right  what fun "
finally heading home  manic monday!
brother is settled in  family is fed and happy  life is good 
"out of the entire family, it is only <propfemale> and i that are awake  go figure "
off to the doctor   let us see if this medicine is working properly or not 
148   89
"so far today, i have heard constant complaining  only 5 1 2 more hours and i am home free  ugh!"
"left work on time, dinner is made and consumed, and little brother is walking down to redbox to find some movies  life is good "
a 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son; people call her a slut  but no one knows she was raped at 13  people call a girl fat; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight  people call an old man ugly; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in vietnam  re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping!!!! i bet none of you will post this
"and cut! this show is over, folks! i cant do it anymore today!"
"so the one who i made sure i was online for, isn't around  little brother is off playing with his best friend  the dogs and i are curled up in bed  i think it is friends and bedtime for this exhausted parent!"
and i am now dressed  i think it is time to face the music and deal with today  ugh!
\when i feel the world around me,\c2825901ec8a42c698ca8944b52dc2ac,i love getting home to a notice about a recent robery and assault in the area  that is awesome 
i can't get you off of my mind  i only wonder if i have been running through yours 
so i can't quite figure out why i continue sleeping the weekend away  but it has dawned on me that this is the first holiday that i will be celebrating without the momma 
and the hits keep on coming!
puppies + little brother + movies = good times 
"happy easter, everyone "
i couldnt tell you the questions   all i have is the answer right now 
ugh! round three of walking to the store  little brother decided to do this trip alone 
i would like ten minutes of not worrying about what the future holds   i want to focus on right now 
it is quite simple afterall  lord brought this challenge into my life for a reason  i just wish i knew the reason!
how is it that the little brother is out like a light but i am wide awake? darn it all!
it is monday morning yet again   enough said 
it is 1pm and nothing has been accomplished  that is awesome!
i was promised that he would never say such things to me  i guess promises only matter until the truth comes out 
"another day pretending to be 2 people at the same time   i am prepared to give up my \multiple hats\"" at anytime """
heading to the doctor -again - blood pressure reading to come 
blood pressure reading: 144  110 
"while waiting outside for our ride to pick us up, two birds flew down and started cleansing each other  video to come!"
"so while trying to open up a can of chili tonight, we managed to get a few laughs out of trying to figure out how to work this damn can-opener that looks completely stupid  yeah, good times "
finally made it home 
saved my ass once again    i know my one wish for tonight  
it is going on 10 and i am still awake  this isnt good 
so today starts another day   
little brother has decided on grilled chicken <propmale> for dinner   yummy 
today is taking it all out of me   and i feel so unaccomplished  ugh!
taught little brother how to make grilled chicken <propmale>  yummy stuff 
watching little brother kill zombies  good times 
"even in the past week, a lot has changed  now, i am sitting here with less than 24 hours to go, and it doesn't feel the same "
lunch with the brother  yummy 
"who needs cd's, radio's, ipods? i have live music downstairs as we speak   smile "
i just saw the second most beautiful pitbull in the world! second to my army baby   smile 
the significant of today is not lost on me at all   i am very well aware 
"life can finally get back to \normal\"" now   """
i think i may end up going to sleep  i am so tired!
woke the little brother up to cinnamon rolls and a coke zero in bed  he is all set for today now 
"watching \the social network\"" with the brother  i am starting to crash hard from the cinnamon rolls earlier  ugh!"""
today was another one of those days   time to get some rest 
watching jackass 3 with the little brother   bedtime is talking at this rate 
still feeling like crap   family is out like a light  i wish i could just go back to sleep 
so i give up with the internet connection tonight  screw it 
walking with little brother and <propmale>  what an interesting night 
it is 7am and i am chillin' at work  shoot me come 5 smile 0 because i will be a walking zombie!
"throat hurts, dinner consumed, movie on and bedtime! audios!"
gotta love being a venting post for someone   now they see what i have been saying forever now!
home sweet home  dinner and bedtime  another long day tomorrow!
