d7e6b8e16bb843eb35a704167bbe7717
really wish people wouldn't mess with my head    and my heart
"totally got screwed in my last relationship cuz im a dumbass    looking for a good, cheap, reliable car  around $2000  if anybody knows of anything pass the word along!"
when nothing in life goes right    go left 
work is so freakin slooooowwww! its times like these when i hate waiting tables! especially when i need the money  come on people    tip me fat! please hurry summer    u can not come fast enough!
"life's a bitch, cuz if it were a slut    it would be easy"
"you know whats great? when the people you think love you keep things from you, do things  behind your back, and then lie about it  what you e playful ect not to get caught? and then you feel stupid for ever believing them and falling for their bullshit  fake ass people bring the good people down and ruin love for the rest of us "
love is the 7th sense which destroys all the other 6 senses 
"when i think about everything wrong, i remember how amazing life is and the fact that i like being imperfect "
the worst thing you could do is make me fall for you with no intention to catch me 
"unless you've lived my life, don't judge me because you don't know, and never will know every little thing and detail about me "
honesty    something apparently people have forgoten 
"you know    it's cool when someone does something nice for you out of the kindness of their heart, and just because but when they do it just because they messed up, and have done the same  things over and over again    it's hard for me just to forgive and forget  i dunno  maybe i'm just a bitch "
"your only as strong as the tables you dance on, the drinks you mix, and the friends you roll with "
"happiness is a way of travel, not a destination "
wow    the first tuesday night ive worked in a while where i only had 3 tables all night  pretty sad  where is summer? well got cut early and having a beer 
boys are stupid 
ok so i've been sick for 4 days now    is this ever gonna go away? stuffy nose and coughing fits  oh joy!
"be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind "
"ok    so quitting smoking is waaaayyy harder then i thought it would be  it seems that every  i try, i turn into this raving psycho bitch! thanx nicotine!"
hey to everyone thats been instant messaging  me on facebook: i am not ignoring you    i dont have a computer i use my phone and its gay and wont let me answer any one back    i love all my fellow facebookers!
"i believe everything happens for a reason  people change so you can learn to let them go  things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they're right  you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together "
"love looks not with the eyes, but the mind  and therefore winged cupid is painted blind  ~ <propfirst> shakespeare"
sometimes we tend to be in despair when the person we care about leaves  but the truth is it's not our loss    it's theirs because they left the only person in the world who would never give up on them 
i think sometimes we spend too much time trying to make the wrong person right for us that the right one never has a <propmale> to find us 
somehow everything's gonna fall right into place  if we only had a way too make it all fall faster everday  if only time flew like a dove 
"don't ever give up if you still want to try, don't ever wipe your tears if you still want to cry  don't ever settle for an answer if you still want to know  don't ever say you don't love him if you can't let him go "
it's pointless to keep trying to work on something when it was never really there to begin with 
is tired of giving and giving and getting nothing in return    and tired of putting my faith in people and getting screwed  im done beleiving everyone's lies and bullshit  the only person i can trust and believe in is myself  took me way too long to figure that out 
i'm hitting myself for being so stupid!
no man is worth your tears  the one who is won't make you cry 
"i wish i could go back to when i first met you, and walk away "
s(he) be(lie)ve(d)
"i've built a wall    not to block anyone out, but to see who loves me enough to climb over it "
"you change for two reasons; either you learn enough that you want to, or you've been hurt enough that you have to "
"love: giving someone the ability to hurt you, but trusting them not to "
"ok    to everyone who hasn't been liking my little sayings on my <propfemale>    this is for you:    men are like toilets- they're either dirty, unavailable, broke, or full of shit  ha!"
"you know u did it im gone, to find someone to live for in this world ,there's no light at the end of the tunnel tonight, just a bridge that i gotta burn, you were wrong, if u think u can walk right through my door,that is just so u coming back when i've  finally moved on    i'm already gone (kelly clarkson)"
gentelman: i forgot what you fellas looked like  well it's good to know there are still some of you out there 
ok so i have a huge favor  if anyone knows anything about cars i need someone to come with me to look at this car i wanna buy  i wanna make sure i'm not getting screwed 
you had a keeper    you just didn't know how to treat her 
i love all my friends so much! i am so thankful 4 all the people that have been there 4 me and stuck by me through all the hard times  and still love me  even when i'm an idiot   you guys are the best 
she will <propmale> you around for a while; but there's going to be a day when she's gonna stop running in circles around you  she's going to get over you and at that very moment you're going to wish you had let her catch you 
stupidness!!!
"life is all about ass: your either laughing it off, wiping it, kissing it,bustin it, spanking it, or trying to get it"
life is like photography    we develope from negatives 
"if you have a sister who has ever made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fall, cheered you on, and kept you strong    copy and paste this on your status  i love you my beautiful sister!xoxoxo!"
"there comes a time in your life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good  after all   life is too short to be anything but happy "
the world is full of magic    you just have to believe in it 
"had the best steak i've ever eaten made for me the other night, and the best foot massage i've ever had last night    life is good again "
"the greatest <propfemale> in living lies not in never falling, but rising every time we fall "
mixed signals! don't like it!
worked a 12 1 2 hour shift today    looooonnngggg!!!
ok    white water rafting yesterday was probably the best time ever! but i am so sore today! every part of my body hurts!
"why is it that guys can make you feel like a <propfemale> one minute, and the next they make you feel like dirt?"
so my poor little hamster died yesterday sad     we went and buried him up in the mountains  hopefully hes up in hamster heaven  poor little guy
do not be afraid to cry  your tears are warm drops of light that remind you how to feel do not be afraid to laugh  that sound is the song of a world that loves  do not be afraid to care  it is by caring that you do what must be done  do not be afaid to stand out 
"a guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other  maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever  - <propmale> matthews"
"life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets  so, love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't  and believe that everything happens for a reason    if you get a <propmale>- take it  if it changes your life- let it  nobody said it would be easy    they just promised it would be worth it "
omg    i just spent so long trying to figure out my universal remote    and it was so freakin easy! i feel stupid now 
i spent all day by the pool today  what an awesome day off  got a little bit more sun burned then i thought though 
don't get mad when a girl cares too much    worry when she stops giving a fuck!!!
"i hate being left in the dark  i hate not knowing whats going on  don't tell me one thing and then turn around and do the opposite  if you don't like me, tell me  i promise it won't break me  i am stronger than that  i've already had enough people hurt me and screw me over  i really don't think one more is gonna matter "
"i've made mistakes in my life  i've let people take advantage of me, and i've accepted way less than i deserve  but i've learned from my bad choices and even though there are some things i can never get back,and people who will never be sorry, i'll know better next time and i won't settle for anything less than i deserve "
"i don't care what you think about me, because it can't be as half as bad as what i think about you "
forgiveness is not something we do for other people   it's something we do for ourselves to move on 
holy frickin rain hail storm! the streets are flooded here in ol manitou springs!
"im living like a <propfemale>, can't stop my shinning   i'm riding solo   "
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars    i could really use a wish right now
"dont't be afraid your life will end, be afraid that it will never begin    life is precious, do not take those around you for granted  love your friends, love your enemies    because everything can end in a blink   "
so it turns out my unicorn was just a donkey with a plunger attatched to his head 
screw <propmale> charming!   i can rescue myself!
"i am perfectly imperfect, beautiful in my flaws, sure of my insecurities, absolute chaos    a beautiful disaster "
ha ha ha! you got punched in the face by a girl! well you get what you deserve! just wish it would have been me that hit you!
"yesterday i tried being normal    but within 5 minutes i got bored and gave up, and so now i'm myself again "
"did you know that when someone pisses you off it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and smack 'em in the head   "
"i am strong, because i am weak  i am beautiful, because i know my flaws  i am a lover, because i am a fighter  i am fearless, because i have been afraid  i am wise, because i have been foolish  and i can laugh, because i've known sadness "
"thought for the day: a snake is still a snake, no matter how many times it sheds its  skin "
my plan is to forgive and forget     forgive myself for liking you and forget that you exist 
hey so i'm still looking for a car    if anyone knows of anything out there or any good deals on a reliable car   let me know 
is it girls night out ladies? nickelodeon style!?!?!?
got myself a '95 honda civic! finally! thank u jaz! you are very much appreciated! i owe you one! or maybe two or three 
so they killed those two bear cubs that were in some dudes house! saying they were a danger to our habitat? we are the ones who built into their habitat and endangered them! f that!
hey everyone    i had to go get another new phone from verizon today    3rd one in 6 months    so i don't have a lot of your <propfirst> anymore  if you feel like i should have it give it to me! now!!
going out with the girls again tonight    love girls night out! happy labor day weekend to me!
"may the fleas of a thousand camels infest the crotch of those who do you wrong, and may their arms be too short to scratch "
"no matter what life hands us, just remember    life is not about waiting for the storm to pass- it's about learning how to dance in the rain "
is remembering all the reasons why she isn't in a relationship  ya i am single    and your gonna have to be freakin' awesome to change that!
"so i must have slept on my neck wrong cuz it's tweeked really bad! i woke up yesterday with horrible pain  today i woke up and it has now spred into my shoulder and back and is 10 times worse! wtf? had to take off work cuz i can barely move  been heating and icing it and taking advil  if any one has any advice or something to get rid of the pain (or some really good drugs, i'll take that too) let me know!"
is planning on taking over the world with an army of squirrels and a spoon    who's with me?!?!
there is a fine line between sanity and insanity    and i have white out 
"roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet, and so are you    the roses are dying, the violets are dead, the sugar bowl is empty, and so is your head "
last night was awsome! out with the girls downtown! shaking our bootys! love you <propfemale>! happy birthday again girl! we kick ass!
by the end of the night last night i was holding myself up with a parking meter outside of blondies    had to have someone come save me from myself! thank you for being there for me now  it makes up for the time that you couldn't be there for me 
"sometimes i sit and think to myself    \i should be in a mental institution\""    and then i stop and take a look around at everyone else and think    \""holy crap! i alredy am!\"""""
mind closed untill further notice   
yes it is true     i live in my own little world  it's ok though because the people there are nice to me and treat me like i'm important 
working a double with three of my other crazy coworkers     were all hyped up on manitou custard! what do they put in that stuff? is it like the shit from the matte?
"how people treat you is their <propfemale>, but how you react is yours  the truth is everyone is going to hurt you    you just gotta decide who is worth the pain, and who is worth taking the <propmale> on "
"ask for <propfemale> to deal with stupid people and the courage to tolerate their ignorance, because lord knows if i ask for strength i will beat them to death "
i've decided i'm gonna start treating people exactly how they treat me  most people should be glad  some should be very very scared 
"life is like an hourglass   eventually everything hits rock bottom, and all you have to do is wait it out untill someone amazing comes along and turns it around "
i like it on the counter at the bar or on the floor of my car 
got woken up with a yellow <propfemale> today  i am the luckiest girl  loving life right now 
happy birthday again to miss <propfemale>! we all had a blast last night! and had the best man ever there with me 
fix yourself! before you go and try to break me!
yummy food    yummy boyfriend  life is good 
thanks to celestial being for sending me feline friend  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com glitter-fair-ebhgda home?tv3=mkrragqbf%2borxiygjd7ehy6bh0igbhkybkbs3%2b0igw%3d%3d
<propfirst> and his flask was awesome last night! feeling pretty rough today though  good thing i have my boyfriend here to take care of me!
thanks to celestial being for sending me special <propfemale> of love  i really like it! http annoyed  bit ly ccsfkf
i just kicked some ass at scrabble    but someone doesn't wanna admit that i won 
my boyfriend bought me cable! 582 channels   what the hell am i gonna do with that many channels?
"this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays, and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui   "
"hug me and ill hug you back, kiss me and ill kiss you back, love me and ill love you back  hurt me    and i promise ill hurt you harder "
i'm goin back to cali   
"<propfemale>    u just won the super bowl,what are you gonna do now?     i'm going to disneyland!"
driving through arizona in my moms new car!
"you know     its great when u find out that the people u think care about u, and claim they are ur friends stab u in the back and talk shit about u  but i guess i'll take it as a compliment, since i'm obviously so awesome that i'm the topic of everyone's conversation  ha  how bout a big middle finger to all of u "
"in life, most situations you come across have three choices to choose from: you can either accept it, change it, or remove it "
men are like commercials: sound good but you know it's false advertisement 
you know what they say when u assume something?
"and now, a short poem about winter     winter: it's f*ing cold  the end "
i hate people     seriously  they suck 
"i know that im not perfect  i know that i screw up on a daily basis  but i really believe that i deserve perfection  and setteling for anything less, im just screwing myself over "
sorry to everyone trying to get hold of me  i lost my internet and my phone  but should be back up and running shortly  love to all!
yay!! thanx to everyone for the bday wishes!! love u all!
