4f9d259860fb79063b4e881d5f81b77e
got a new cell phone
has a new baby sister
hello
wat up dogs
totos look wierd
i dont know what im doing                            aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
there was amonster with big red eyes on his toes and i think it say me                     aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
its still there
i like big bucks and i can not lie
bed time yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i am  smile 
happy
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:focused  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8:genius  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21 annoyed trange  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: odd  26: rude  27:boring 28 laugh own to earth  29 sad ool  30: a friend
i am going to my moms tonight   smile  get to see my baby sis 
im at my moms
is at peace
is thinking what to do
"is surfin the u s a  and got pooped on by a dumb seagul and thats not the bad thing, i got knocked off my surf board (truck) by a sign but worst thing is, i got a wedgie                                                                  jk"
got a new phone!!!
got a cell phone for christmas!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you"
"go°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° keep the wave going! copy and paste! go vikings"
is asum dude
had an awsume time at the aqurium in duluth lol
gets to sleep in tomarow!!!!!! yipy!!!!! abc123!!!! give me a m  give me an e  whats that spell?!!! me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! she super cool super hot she the one guys like alot!!!!lol hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
says hi yall!!
got internet in his room!!!yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got internet in his room!!!
is single! ~~feel free to change my status~~
what would you say if i asked u out ?  smile 
is in a relationship
got a chip-in at golf and scored a 99 
saw alot of people from nevis today and my friends ask who they were 
just woke up
is bored and needs a life because all he does is sit around whatching tv and playing vidio games  man i wish my parents let me do stuff  it really sucks  someone (heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllpppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp)
"there are three mian things that can help alot to get a girl and they are called the triple c's \c1  compliments\c2  cofidence\but the one they like the most is c3  credit card\\c3 "
"is bored and needs a life because all he does is sit around whatching tv and playing vidio games  man i wish my parents let me do stuff  it really sucks  someone \help\""!!!!!!!!"""
's 2 favorate movie is dear <propfirst> 
if i am your friend say hi  if i dont know you say why  if you dislike me tell me 
made loads of mistakes in his life and staying single was is the worst one 
is haing his birthday party tomarow but his b-day is on the 23 of june  
got halo 3 reach for his b-day 
what do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown? you have 1 day to answer 
gets to go swimming in a lake tomarow and is going to north <propfemale> 
is happy
is going to camp saterday
"when life gives you lemons, sqeeeeeeeeeeeze them  mah ah ah ah ahhh"
is bored
i am having fun  so be nice  haha
has joined the dark side they have cookies   unfortunately the light side has the milk    sad 
five years from now if  you saw a wedding ring on my finger who would you think i had married? be honest
<propfirst>!  this is auntie steph and i can't get my own <propfemale> up!!!!  next time make sure you close out completely!
"it takes 43 muscles to frown, 17 to smile, and zero to sit there and look like an idiot  now which are you gonna do?"
you may think i'm crazy   my friends know i am!   playful 
got thrown out of a casino last night    apparently i completely misunderstood the crap table!
is glad his parents let him be in drivers <propmale>! cant wait for my permit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got thrown out of a casino last night    apparently i completely misunderstood the crap table!
"~obamacare~ side effects include,headache,delayed treatment,zero choice,sky-rocketing taxes and premature death!"
what do u like best about him?
i might have torn or partialy torn my acl  and that means i would need surgery and wold not be able to finish the football season 
"cant wait untill school starts tomarrow so i dont have tto be around annoying little kids that keep saying (in a little kid imation) <propfirst> look at me, <propfirst> watch this, look at that, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>  i just want to get out of that \place undergound\"" hole """
"go°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º ¤ø¸vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º °¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸ „ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º ¤ø,„vikings¤ø ¸„ø¤º °¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° keep the wave going! copy and paste! go vikings!!!!!"
is bord and wants to go to school
first on to comment on my status i will take their last name for a year!!
shot a big 8 point <propmale>   i got picks
i am whatching pirates of the carabian #1
dont change your profile pic to a cartoon because a petafile can have access to it so change it to a normal pic and block the link that it gave you to change it to a cartoon 
"this world is coming to an end   volcanoes, floods, earthquakes, <propfirst> bieber   rrrrruuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnn"
goin to my moms house monday  can`t wait 
