c612e92608fa7bf49bcad3cf38ce29b5
is gonna watch almost famous
<propfirst> vedder today! yay!
hanging out
worried worried worried
i love my ipod!
hendrix is pretty sick
at a superbowl party
"being different doesnt make you weird, it frieking makes you unique"
going to da movies
mile marker 39
last night was epic
heading to kaanapali
dirt biked to olowalu
the dance was fuuun
"no matter how screwed up your dreams are, you will believe their real until you wake up"
my phone is tripping balls
what to do today
hold on to people their slipping away
trying to make ends meet
our differences just push us apart
hoping i can do something this weekend
last week of school!!!
being genuine is far better than being fake
parents gone for a week  score!!!!
"you can, spend your time alone  redigesting past regrets  or you can, come to terms and realize, only you can forgive yourself"
"it wouldn't have worked out, anyway"
"vuelve, no volvere no volvere no volvere  no quiere recordar     no recordar"
one more day of pointless education and we are done!
i am going to go pee my pants and get all jubby because i just can't help myself  i'm a loser 
3 days
step into the unknown and let go
in california!
heading out to san fransisco tomorrow
miss them already!
san <propfirst>
punks
wow
im a flaming homosexual  karsten just hacked your account son 
watching scary movies
going to <propfirst> mccartney concert
<propfirst> mccartney was amazing
if at first you don't succeed    call an airstrike
"in a bulletproof vest, with the windows all closed"
"i saw it written and i saw it say: \pink <propfemale> is on its way\"""""
songs bring back memories
ack
if someone loves you    dont screw up
to meditate on the warmest dream
"whoever made cognitive tutoring needs to climb up a really, really tall building    and jump off, with my math teacher too"
trying to understand it
she will rise above
505
turning mistakes into gold
i wish i was the souvenir you kept your house key on
sublime!
"thanks everybody for the  birthday wishes, it really means a lot to me  smile "
"i found an island in your arms, a country in your eyes  smile "
having a solitary lifestyle makes you appreciate your family more  their all you got
got any pink <propmale> songs?
happiness is only real when shared
i love music  its the best thing in the damn world
"you know, time is long, and life is short, begin to live while you still can  dont be afraid to show your love, and hold onto friends  they just seem to drift away  "
love    is just made up of a single soul inhabiting two bodies
