cc893314f5d908ab90c5d670ed1d99dd
wish upon a <propfemale> 
its my babys bday only 4 but thinks she 40 lol
i love haters
"i cant belive im up so early, all i want 2 do is sleep  : ("
owner of facebook has confirmed that they will send $1 dollar to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for every time this is cut and pasted as a status  you only have to leave it up for 1 hour  let's all do it to support thanks
"the day of days, i cant wait for it 2 b over"
im thinking about following in my brothers foot steps            
"a bootylicious babe who likes to be with others, dont talk shit about her just because theres nothing to talk about, shes super cute and can make your day  shes the definition of happiness beautiful outstanding person  commonly known as sexy girl  sexy, great body  very smart  and attracts alll the boys  gets many friends and is very welcoming  but be careful, she will fight if she needs too "
im in need of more ink        
"there no point in crying over spilt milk, just look for a paper towel"
"you can fix a broken mirror, but u can still see the cracks"
please watch this viedo its so sad and a bit shocking but every1 on face book need to watch it!!!!!
"to love the idea of some1 and to be in love with some1, 2 very different things "
"\i been mess n wit lil daddy for bout 4 weeks now man he got me feeling like im weak nowhes drive n me crazy i want 2 make him my baby but i cant cuz i cant buy the car wit out a test drive got me feeling like a child be n chestized and i dont mean 2 rush and i know its just lust he got me bout 2 bust im tired of talking on the phone im sick of converstion im cum n 2 ur crib and u know wat it is shut up shut up\"""""
hearts stars and horseshoes      u know how it goes lol
"how do you know the path your take n is the right 1, when you close ur eyes how do you know when its ok 2 open them, when you've been hurt how do you kno"
when does the bs end??
"time 2 work out, got get my body right as well as my mind  smile "
"im feeling goofy 2day, so i think 2day is my theme song day  im feeling care bears lol  whats ur theme of the day?"
if u could rewind time would u change meeting me? do u think i would change meeting you? for those who know me know the answer if u dont      
"i have always been here, thru thick and thin, good and bad im here so open ur eyes and realize       "
i need a spa day    
''on the bed''
"my heart is heavy, my eyes are open, but im still not sure where im going     "
"you cant stop a hoe from being a hoe, but as long as u spread ur legs for these dudes at least get paid for ur shit and quit bitch n about not have n no rent money or food  ur shit should be worth at least a f**k'n chesse buger and or sum chicken nuggets "
"ok i admit, i'm a handful!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, and outspoken, i make mistakes, i can be out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you're a handful then post this on your status"
go nuggets
"good morning  i woke up 2day fee<propfemale>ng brand new and love n my <propfemale>fe  2day is the start of a new beginning, those who didnt and dont deserve 2 b in my my <propfemale>"
"<propfemale> r gone, if u still here and u know ur doing wrong by me plz leave "
"i cant wait, im bout 2 show you wat being 200 really is  so tired of this fake a** people "
"so ready to leave all the bs behind, im so ready for the new life  so roll out the red carpet we gotta do it big and right   "
im getting my nerd on
this is so crazy any1 want 2 do my homework lol
"why do people play such games, make up ur mind all i have 2 say is go listen 2 ''getto <propfemale>'' maybe ull learn how 2 treat sum1"
ghetto <propfemale>
when u see the end do you fight 2 change it or do you jus let happen?
"i feel like crap, i need a doctor or a nurse on my bed side   sad "
i got the devil in my ear and im 2 sec  off of listen n 2 what he has 2 say cuz this playing games bs stops 2day other wise im on my way down a f%&*ed up path!!!!!!
i feel like being mean should i do it?????
"happy fathers day, and this is 2 the real fathers not the one's who lay down a bring precious life into this world then walk away, this is for the man who step up no matter what the deal is, the real fathers of this world the dads thru and thru  thank you for showing are youth what good real men look like  and to those who dont step up ur life "
dont be mad that on my worst day i look better then u do on ur best
"\help\"""""
if i left with out saying goodbye would u hate me????
miss me wit that   all that bs is 4 the birds u aint nuth n but a       
do i listen 2 my devil or angel??????
what is wifey type?
yeah i went there and i parked
well is a deep well for shallow person
how well do you really know me?????
come support the kids cum get ur car washed on 14th and <propmale> 
so tired of b n tired        
how many of us really know everybody on our fb list?? heres a task for you    i want all my fb friends to comment on how you met me! copy this to your status so i can do the same for you  you'll be amazed at the response you get  some probably cant even answer
love dont live here any more
"i cant even say im over it, im above ur bs duces"
its crazy my baby had her first day of school 2day and she still wont stop talk n about it  i love that she loves school
its feels so long ago and yesterday at the same time
"\child please\"""""
 love 
watch n the game!!!! go cincinnati!!
man o man i reall dont feel like doin this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im miss n u like crazy  love 
im so ready 4!!!
"d#$% why is it bs that keeps cum n out of u, if you were really bout then follow thru or dang at least tell me it cant happen"
have'n sum crazy dreams about u
"an \ex\"" is called an \""ex\"" because its an example of who you shouldn't go for again in the furture"""
"im putting all my cards on the table, now its up 2 u 2 read my hand and tell me what ur trying 2 do  love "
sooo cute my daughter is watch n football with me acting like she knows whats going on
"aahh-chuu, didnt i tell u im allergic 2 bs so step back cuz u got my allergys rolling "
man i think its about time that i just check out im so over the bullshit  sad 
what u think about u bring about
this is crazy or am i just crazy 2 think its crazy
at work soooo bored cant wait til it gets busy
ya'll i want 2 go out 2night whos all down???????
i just want 2 say thank u 2 all my family and friends that came out late nite with me and did it up right  best birthday yet     and it was nice see n every1 else  love u guys 
its my babys 5th birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
broncos baby!!!!
life hands you great things when your not e playful ecting it or them   love 
u can teach sum1 how 2 walk and look good but u cant help what stupid s*~t cums out there mouth!!!!
"we, unaccustomed to courage\exiles from delight\live coiled in shells of loneliness\until love leaves its high holy temple\and comes into our sight\to liberate us into life \\love arrives\and in its train come ecstasies\old memories of pleasure\ancient histories of pain \yet if we are bold,\love strikes away the chains of fear\from our souls "
you have me feeling so         im so happy you came n2 my life
"my heart beats faster everytime i hear ur name, i lose my breath when i hear ur voice, i just cant wait 2 be in ur arms where nuth n else will matter  love "
and then i woke up  sad 
so they say ignorance is bliss but why is it? or is it just another way to not take responsibility for yourself or the actions that go on around you?
bout 2 cut my hair and dye it any ideas???
real talk step the f*+k off im tired of ur opinion which by the way i didnt ask 4!!!!!
"i love how u treat me like ur doll u speak, think and tell me what 2 do  well guess what i dont have matel or f**k n <propfemale> stamped on my a$$ so stop tell n me what im doin or say n or should think"
today is the day good bye hair         
feeling a lil under the weather wish u were here 2 make it better   sad 
its all down hill now potty train n he wont b a baby ne more after this lol  sad 
have a blessed day
10 or 11 depends
can u say <propfemale> kids  smh
well you assume n is just make n an ass out of you thinking you know me 
me myself and my 2 hearts i guess thats all im goin 2 have        
had 2 swich it up again chestnut blonde now!!!!!!!!  smile   love 
the count down has started!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nooooooooooo!!!! y o y did they have 2 win
watch n the nuggets play!!!!
"it was what it was, it is what it is, and it will be what it will be"
if u 2nd guess enuff 1 day ull realize ur life has passed u by
the moment you came n2 my life everything else became      htiflwu  smile   love 
black girls rock!!!!
"lay n here cant sleep, may as well start my day"
1 + 1 = 2 we all know that so if u + me = us why the heck is any1 else in this??
i cant sleep so much on my mind and heart not sure where 2 go with it
i keep hear n ppl say they want 2 cake up but man im so over it who needs 2 cake up go get a snuggie and cake with urself lmao
ahhhhhh hahahahahahahaha thats y the nuggets won!!!!! thats wat yall get we gave them there 1st lost!!!!!
"u know what i think i mite have 2 give up on u, i dont want 2 but i dont see this change n"
inbox me a question and i will answer it in my status
q  would u ever b more then friends? a  i used 2 want 2 but i guess we got stuck in the friends zone
"q  as bad as i wanted you, why didnt it happen? a  apart of me did, but then alot of time passed and we bcame friends and i didnt want it 2 b weird"
come on  more questions
q  why didnt we ever get together? a  i wasnt feeling u like that plus my girl liked u
"q  can we \wink\""? a  naw im ok but im flattered"""
q  why dont you ever come out and play? a  im busy with my life as a mom and student then i add in work     but call or text me later and we'll talk
"q if you had two hours with me, what would you do? a  ummmm      idk it depends"
q  who do u want to be with? a  not something i can answer right now i dont have all the facts
just got done paint n now it time 2 plan what 2 cook 4 thanksgiving i def know my <propmale> & chesse and a stuffed turkey just got 2 figure out the rest
just cuz im named after a <propfemale> and im a romantic doesnt mean i think ur ne thing like <propmale> charm n sweetheart ur just a bull frog thats full of s**t
i wish this day was over  sad 
is it wrong 2 say i give up on you?
i love that u keep it real with your girl            love 
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec, help stand against child abuse, invite your friends to do the same  "
"a person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post    "
"cant even trust you, your to much like colorado weather    "
"ouch i saw that storm  coming, wish i brought my  umbrella  sad "
#87  i  remeber  back  in  the  day  you  used  to  get  me  in  all  the  trouble lol  jk  you  have  always  been  one  of  the  most  honest and  beautiful and  trustworthy person  don't  ever  change
"#52  i  used to  have  the  biggest crush  on  you  back  in  middle school but  we  became good  friends you  are  a  wonderful sexy  and  smart  man  and  i  never  want  to  lose  you,  your great!"
1983 -  man  o  man  i  could  say  so  much  but  i  don't  think  facebook can shut  its  eyes  or  ears  lol  but  you  my  nig  thou  luv  ya    
4444-  man we  been  thru  some  things  but  its  always  been  love  yur  a  sweetheart until  someone pisses  you  off  lol   but  i've  been  slacking  in  the  friendship department   and  your  a  wonderful mother  and  goofy  and  smart  and  a  dork   playful 
"#14  man  what  can  i  say  i  miss  like  crazy  your  like  my  family,  smart  beautiful,  and  going  somewhere "
#411 -  sigh how  appropriate     lol i dated your brother even thou you tried  to  tell  me  not  to i  should  have  listened   we  were  good  friends  had  great  times  played some  funny  jokes   always  been  a  great person and  i  miss  you  in  my  life  and  i  guess  now  i  know  you  liked  me  more  then  i  thought 
"#5687  your  one  of  the  nicest guys ,  talented and  cute  and  smart   what  did  ever  happen?  we  need  to  k i t "
104-  so  many  things  i  want  to  say  and  do  but  truly i'm  happy  your  in  my  life
"5280-  you  are  one  of  the  greatest people i  know  my  big  brother,  your  talented and  brilliant i  miss  you   and  i  remember how  we  meet  life  is  crazy  who  knew  we  would  come  this  far  -  love  ya strange lol   wink "
104-  if  you  were  here  i  would  be  soooooo  happy  and  whatever we  would  be  doing would be  great cuz  i'd  be  with  you!!
i'm starting 2 think you  prefer the  <propmale>        but  when  your  tired of  running i'll  be  at  the  finish line  wink    love 
i'm  bored  at  work  wish someone would  come  in
"''live  in  each  season  as  it  passes;  breathe  the  air,  drink  and  taste  the  fruit ''- <propfirst>  <propfirst>  thoreau"
there  is  not  point  in  having a  past  if  you  don't  learn  from  it   
your  eyes  are  so  filled  with  anger  and  pain from  them  you  don't  even  see  what your doing to  me   sad   *teardrops*
"no cheating!! post this on your <propfemale>, even if you're \taken\"" && see what people want from you  inbox only! only! \",cc893314f5d908ab90c5d670ed1d99dd,harlem  nights - i  love  this  movie  love   love   love 
cant keep holding on to some1 who is so blinded by the faults of others and the pain and anger they have caused     all i can say is move on to the next one who will see you for the wonderful person you are and want to be for them
so  bored no  clue  what  to  do  house  to  myself maybe  i  should do  it  like  the  movies  and  run  around singing in  a  button-up  and  underwear lol
i'll  be  <propfemale>  you  be  <propfirst>  then  we  can  ride  into the future and  leave all  the  bs  in  our  rear  view       f**k  them  all i'm  ready  to  ride  with  the  best you  ready?
"happy  birthday big  brother you  are  truly missed,  i  know  your  smiling down  on  us  r i p we love  you and  miss you  deeply"
so  happy  christmas shopping is done  and  i'll  be  home  to  watch  the  end  of  the  game
just because you make it thru one day doesnt mean you'll make it thru the next   
happy holidays everyone i  hope  they  are  blessed
thank you for being there when i needed a friend        especially when i was in the hospital  you are the best love ya
"happy new years <propfemale>  i hope the new year brings you many blessings  and here's to the struggles, bs and or drama staying in 2010  good luck in 2011!!!!!"
"if your goin to be the man, then be the man, cuz if you cant baby i can, i can and i wil so figure it out      \- fantasia"""
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right   "
r i p  nate dogg
happy birthday jayden  my  handsome son  enjoy  today  love  you
"i  don't  have  time,  but  if  your  worth it  i'll  make  time         "
