f38555d870737110968955840c49c8b0
happy new year!!!!!
really tired of men being unsufferably rude    then acting like nothing ever happened!!!!
thank goddess i only have one more night to work this week     i am so tired
<propfemale> christmas
sittiung in the white elephant saloon (ft  worth tx) enjoyin a shot of good ole <propfemale>
lovin my <propfemale> 
blown away!!! my sister just found me
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness       "
damn why cont the cowboys get it together when we need it!!!  sad 
so tired    sad   only 2 1 2 hrs sleep
good night all    tired after a long night at work 
lovin my new <propfemale> computer  smile 
the color of your bra made  the news but will this? lets support our troops  if you support our  troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one  hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!!! this should appear in  everyone's status! please do this for the ones that make this the land  of free and the home of the brave
well kiddos have no school tomorrow thank god its my friday
loving my <propfemale>
got to love it when kids throw up and make a mess in ur living room
"daughter week: if you have a  daughter who makes you life interesting and fun, who has been a  blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living just by  being around - copy and paste this to your status    love u bekah and grace"
so we have 4 hours till we find out if my son ( and <propfemale>) are giving me a granddaughter or grandson
well i have a grandson on the way  in july
looking for work   had a nice break but now thing are getting really rough
wishing i could find a job
so tired of looking for work and not finding anything  sad 
happy st  patricks day !!!!!!!  are you wearing green?
wishin it would warm up
what is up with facebook     none of my apps will load all the way grrrrr!  sad 
how are some people accessing their apps but some cant grrrr!!!  sad 
just found daughter's hampster passed away over the night    time to attend a hamster funeral  sad   rip obama the hampster
"i am a cook, a housekeeper, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handy man, a maid, security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday, sick pay, or a day off  i work through the day and some of the night  i am under paid and over worked  now tell me that your job is harder then mine  repost this if you're a mom or a dad!!    "
i really hate it when people make promises that they dont keep
had a great weekend with friends in ft worth   smile 
why are men so stupid
"crazy day!!!! my little loki ( mini schnauzer) took off last night,he got put it doggy jail for the night  had a dr  appt for me, then for the dog for rabies vacination now got to get the girls at 2pm for their dr  appts  then off to stephenville to get our glasses fit    argh!!! am i ever gonna be out of the car      smile "
so had a really weird dream this morning   
"to kids sitting side by side in blackness  singing the song \ iko iko\"""""
happy mother's day!!!!
woohoo lightning storms   love it  smile 
congratulations to my neice for a beautifu baby boy
a whole generation of metal heads ('80's kids) are morning  rip <propfirst> <propfirst> dio (1942 - 2010)
stressin so bad    still looking for work  bills piling up   tired of never making it  sad 
anyone got an idea how i can come up with $1000 ?
hate when men wake up grumpy
thank you all for all the birthday wishes      i feel loved
feelin a little hurt    even though i am greatful for all the birthday wishes   the person who has been my friend the longest hasnt called me
back from a mini vacation ( curtesy  of some great friends)  will post pics later
pics of my trip are posted
just got back from the lake  smile  i am <propfemale> burnt after only 3 hrs
off to the lake
well good news   no need to biopsy vocal cords  bad news had to go through the intubation to find out  my throat is killing me  sad 
wishing my throat would stop hurting
july 6th late in the day  8lbs 12 oz  thats what i hope
well four days post throat surgery and very slowly healing    
alot going on this last week or so   had vocal cord surgery (07 08 10) and grandson born on  07 13 10   rabert <propfirst> 8lb 14oz 21inches      <propfirst> back in hospital due to bilirubin levels way to high
got to love texas summer thunderstorms
trying to learn new phone   argh    !!!
woot finally got the phone i wanted!
lovin my motorola back flip!!
out fishin with elzie and grace  havin a blast!!    smile 
made it through first day of school for the girls
made through the first 2 weeks of school with girl without any problems
missin my friends  sad 
why is u attract friends that r to busy to see that i am floudering in loneliness    sad 
pretty sure i just broke my left pinky toe  sad 
yes <propfemale> it does hurt  but not much to do but <propmale> tape it to its neighbor and go on with my day 
enjoyin the nice evening with my girl
"wishing i could get over the \ i am unworthy\"" tape in my head    thanks dad  sad """
ever felt so alone ur only hangin on by a thread?
enough of the boo hoos and pity parties time to remember what i am thankful for
well had my first night at quickstop
roaring ranger days
missin my lover  sad       he just had to go fishin   damn fool <propfemale>
soooo tired     9 hr day at quickstop
wishin headache would go away
watchin <propfirst> poppins!
watching gettysburg
"on this day 19 years ago, i wa given the gift of a beauiful son  i grow more proud of him everyday as i see the man he is maturing into  happy birthday, <propfirst>"
my love got me the second seaon of true blood on dvd    
really missin my boy today   only 7 hrs away and so far
really hate pig headed people!!!!!!
why do i even bother nothin i ever say is right!!!!!!
apparently his answer to every thing is to run away      it is fishing today
started readin water meters for city of ranger today     so tired
homecoming!! go bulldogs!!
damn!!!! why can't the cowboy's get it together?
why even bother   when ur advances are either denied or ignored    
now done with the boohoos  now i am pissed off    wtf
more city work     gonna piss of some people   pullin water meters
"its mommy week! post as your status along with when you became a mommy!    october 4, 1991 3:25am"
off to work again
well up early to start a new day   voolunteer for get'er done day then work @ 3        day 10 of workin with no day off
how long does it takes 3 teenage girls to get ready to volunteer to work        eternity  lol
wishin i felt better
finally got the album player workin   woohoo nothin like the album needle to get the true sound  i missed our albums!
"ahh i feel so bad for my girl, grace   she has been planning a sleepover party for 2 weeks and now her friends flake out 2 days before     and she has already spent her money on food and decorations         sad "
freezin      wishin i could cuddle      alass i am alone
missin my boy   he's all the way in oklahoma living the adult life  http annoyed  yearbook com a pqj0z?ref=nf
wow fall is definately here   brr cold
ok so went outside and it is kind warm   lol just my house is cold
good nite all
happy halloween everyone! http annoyed  yearbook com a ptrst?ref=nf
ok when is cowboys owner gonna realize that he has bad coaching and his team is suckin! http annoyed  yearbook com a pumne?ref=nf
damn!!!  can't the cowboys keep the ball!!
all the goblin have gone home   sad 
good morning all http annoyed  yearbook com a q16mc?ref=nf
brr cold    92 on halloween 60 today  wtf!
well go to go to work now  smile 
well ttyl yb      to shower and get ready for work   get to go see my grandon this we    http annoyed  yearbook com a q8z69?ref=nf
good night everyone    
good morning all   soon heading up to see my boy sure do  iss him
woohoo its friday!!!!!  been looking forward to today for 3 weeks     get to go see m    http annoyed  yearbook com a qcajd?ref=nf
just past ft  sill ok
murphy's f$%kin law     almost there and truck heatin up
woohoo just the thwermostat    back on our eway
drivin through oklahoma city
made it here last night    lovin seein my boy
why can't anything go right?  f&%kin murphy! just when we r havin a good time      
gonna try to get a room soon   soooooo tired   gonna be home later then we thought
nevermind he is stubborn we r less than 100 <propmale> from home guess we pushin it
well we made it home finally  at 7 this morning
"well got o see my boy   smile  and take a trip to ar to see my aunt, great weekend http annoyed  yearbook com a qpnpm?ref=nf"
watchin inglorious bastards with elzie    quiet relaxin night  early bed night
just got home from job #2    <propfemale> cookin dinner
exhausted    
lovin my new fav show spartacus; blood ans sand       
"woohoo rockin out to all the old lps: boston, pink floydd  queen,journey, cat stevens"
i hate holidays! he volunteers to cook and when i am helpin and ask a question he yells at me   as though he's the only one who has to work
happy thanksgiving to all  today is the day we remeber what we have and who have not    
making turkey enchiladas with green chili white suace tonite    
just gettin off work  good day
just watched 8 seconds       once againit made me tear  sad 
everybody please pray for my besties stepdad     in icu after quad accident   major brain trauma multiple broken bones 
so be an ass to me before u go deal with this mess u got into before me      nice
another long day
so tired!!
14 yrs ago i had my youngest daughter       i am so proud of the young woman she is becoming
grace:ikr i'm happy
well my 14 yr old would rather go on a walk with her girlfriends then spend time with me
spent the evenin with 4 teenage girls      have i gonw insane?
i have spent all evening with 4 teenage girls      have i gone insane?!
well made it through the night with 4 teenage girls   thank god foe xbox360 rockband       lol
missin my son  sad 
a quiet morning to reflect
being a bitch and picking on everyone just to be mean i love being a bitch
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>
<propfemale> christmas eve    it is finally raining here after 3 months
grace: wow i had no idea at itz been three months    how many people have family away for christmas????
missing my family that is far away from me
<propfemale> christmas to all
so my weiner dog gave me a broken nose for christmas
so i got a broken nose for xmas from my puppies
off to work     woohoo
ok so i think i am to old to party all weekend   i am just now feeling human   lol
hating my job right now     
there needs to be an age limit on having your drivers license!!! old driver are dangerous!
omfg!!!!! wtf is his problem!!!!!!!!!!!! walking around here like a <propmale> throwing things 
now he is sleepin a peace and quiet
"has anyone ever walk in to a room and everyone becomez quiet,and u no that they were just talkin bad about you     "
finally some rain    smile   hopefully it lasts  we r so dry out here 
wtf  first thing  in the morning bitching at me    damn!
too sick to even argue
out to lunch with my <propfemale>
"i believe that animal owner should be made to live in the exact conditions they have made their animals live in   a person who starves, and leaves their animal out in the cold should be treated with the same cruelty!"
these r times when i remember why i don't drink ( much)
now everybody is hungover but me  that's why i don't drink  smile 
everytime i go take care of the dogs at animal control it breaks my heart   and makes me hate people
"so i posted some pictures of some sweet dogs that are in the animal shelter that i work for  unfortunately this is not a \no kill\"" shelter and they are at risk of being put down  i need everybody's help to find them a good forever home   please pass this along"""
well updated my phone    let's see if it works better
so updated my phone and it still sucks  they say it is malfunctioning  no shit! gonna send me a new one
"well got the \new\"" phone from insurance company and it didn't work at all wtf!!!!!!! oh well they are sending me a htc aria now we will see"""
"it seems i cant find anyone to help me with the \pit bull\"" i recently rescued"""
please help me help these dogs http annoyed  yearbook com a ytee8?ref=nf
"doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%"
stressed out!!!! cant seem to get in contact with any of the rescue sites for the pit bulls we rescued 2 weeks ago
got my new phone   htc aria    so far loving it!
tryin out my new phone
great      got an animal control call to go on this morning  sad    stray dog in a field 
"1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a week \2nd person to like my status - i'll write love you on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only) \4th person to like my status - can choose my profile pic \put this as your status if you're brave enough"
describe me in one word  smile  u may regret sending this 2 everyone but do it  you might like what u hear
wtf 73 today      
wtf    nobody thought to call me
"lol i just change my language setting to \ english ( pirate)    funny as hell"""
don't know what his problem is
now be is ignoring me     f%&k him
grace
he still has an attitude wtf
ok snow is cool but really it is f-ing cold!!! 16 degress with wind chill of -3
holy hell it is cold!!!!!!!:'|
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met, those we have held but could not take home, the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all lost angels "
ok this cold is ridiculous 11 degrees and add the wind chill it is -5
it is bitter cold and snowing
slow cooked chicken cacciatore  for dinner tonite
somebody just brought me a beagle pup   damn cops told him where i live (for animal control) instead of givin him the number
"so when you have too get up and get your own coffee in a restaurant, and then the waitress is rude to you about it and gives you \ the hand \""     what do you do? me? really think about slappin the bitch"""
ok guess i am on call for city
"so omg!!!! city sewer backs up in old mans house and flows into and through it for over 6 hrs and american red cross doesn't think that is a disaster   the answer i get is \that is a plumbing issue\"" ummm no!!!! the guy's house is ruined """
ok people  if you cant take care of your animals dont just drop them off in the street      call animal control and surrender them!!!! i am tired of picking up dropped off puppies
needing help to find homes for a few dogs in the ranger animal control shelter       http annoyed  yearbook com a 10fmik?ref=nf
good night all         had a long day cleaning getting ready for family to come out  for the funeral
so tired
oops i was logged on as <propfemale>      woohoo picking up in laws today
loving having my in-laws here   even though it is sad why there here
loud ass tv
so m bestie is in new orleans ( a day's drive from me or half a day to meet me half way) and she cant make the time to see me after not seeing me for nearly 2 years
so <propfirst> <propfirst> was great but <propfirst> <propmale>'s crowd sucked ass       so rude couldn't her <propfirst>'s stories
first one to catch a fish and on my new pole
in the last week of <propfemale>'s pregnancy puppy watch has started
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words are harder than you think "
spending time with my son has been great       i will miss him when we go home     but at least he'll be closer   
finally home     really am tired   and hating oklahoma
in eastland with 11 queensland heelers fun fun
going to see my son today     the girls are excited!!! they sure missed him
