c724e9fb18491adadd8e65e84c994cc9
finally got the house to myself for a few days!!!! yes!!!
just got the girls off to school     now i have to do laundry (i hate laundry)  sad 
finally bedtime   
wants to go back to bed
can't wait for today to be over    it's been a very long and stressful day
"the pure ignorance the people have about everything that is going on in iraq just appauls me  how can people be so completely clueless and still want to run their mouths as though they have any clue what it like  in my opinion unless you have e playful erienced a deployment you have absolutely no right to say anything about what are soldiers are thinking or doing  or about what is \really\"" going on over there """
can't wait till tonight    finally a night out without all the kids!
thank god for nyquil   
i sooooooo don't want to go    2 years is just too long sad 
"now i find out we have to go to germany for 3 years instead of 2, this just keeps getting better and better    wonder what's gonna get sprung on me next "
taking a break from my cleaning spree   
got talked into getting a <propfemale>   
can't wait    i get to go out tonight!!! no kids!!!
i'm so not ready for winter   
the girls are all in bed and now i am sooo bored   playful 
"laundry, laundry, and more laundry    what a fun day!"
"men are like snowstorms    you never know when they're coming, how many inches you'll get, or how long it will last  lol"
so tired of men acting like they got themselves neutered    grow a pair already!!
"got 2 sick kids, i'm wondering if they're faking cause of this snow   "
my 4 yr old is too fearless    i wish she would get that after you do something and get hurt don't do the same thing again   
how is it that little hood rat pieces of trash think they can talk sh*t while i am away but puss out when they got me face to face i am so tired of these little p*ssy games you got something to say to me    bring it i'm waitin   
can't wait for friday   
bored    
only 1 month left and i get to see my 2 closest friends!!! i can't wait!!!   smile 
"fort hood commanding general says 12 dead, 31 injured  shooter was killed  2 other suspects in custody  all shooters were soldiers and the shooting took place at the srp building and at the theater  this took place at 1 smile 0 this afternoon and is just now coming to a close  please keep all of those families affected by this tragedy in your thoughts and prayers "
making lasagne for <propfemale>'s b-day party!!!
i am totally in shock right now!!! i finally got to talk to my best friend from forever ago    i have missed him soooo much!!!
i can't wait till friday!!!!!
it was really great to get to see red again    6 years is way too long
copy this onto ur status: see how people rate you! please comment and rate me  smile  1  crazy 2  id marry you 3  talkative 4  sarcastic 5  dork 6  moody 7  dumb 8  spoiled 9  mouthy 10  random 11  hot 12  funny 13  fit 14  tough 15  cute 16  bff type 17  quiet
only 12 days left and we move back to tx!! i can't wait!!
we just saw new <propfemale> and it was frickin awesome!!!!
leaving in just 8 days    i still have soooo much to do!!!
"i will be completely honest for 24 hrs    you can ask one question (only in my inbox) any question no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  there is no motive  you have my full honesty  and i dare you   to put this text as your status and see what you get"
leaving in the morning    you guys can still call my cell whenever    i'm gonna miss all of you  sad 
"in texas smile  <propmale> is home, and i got to see all my friends down here   "
creepy frickin' people down here    it's unreal!
"bored, bored and bored     can't wait till christmas "
it was soooo nice today    i really hope this warm weather keeps up
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this "
?? to celebrate valentines day change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile  ? ?6 years smile  ? ?
had some kind of stomach bug all day yesterday    finally starting to function again   
it's snowing!!! never know what tx will throw at ya 
soooo tired    i wish the girls would sleep in past 6 smile 0
is having a really rough day  sad 
<propfemale> is doing really good  we are almost done with the antibiotics and she is acting like herself again   i'm so glad that she was able to get through all of this     i was so scared for her    thank you all for your concern 
missing my friends back in mn
missing my friends back in mn
"is very frustrated with our property management    gotta love being the complex scapegoat     i have to wonder, is wanting everyone to be treated fairly and having everyone have a safe home really such a bad thing????"
finally got my air fixed wooooo hoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
we are getting new windows!!!!!! only three  sad  but definately better then none   
i can't believe my parents already have to go back home in the morning    sad 
waitin for the girls to get out of school    it's been a really long day!
oink!
about to start the weekend with good friends and good drinks     smile 
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, you're slightly mental at times, you can't keep a secret, your house is a mess, or your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  re-post if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend"
my birthday can't come soon enough! 2 whole months left! wish it was tomorrow   
well i finally went to the dr  and he gave me 4 meds to try and if that doesn't work by the end of the month they want to put a camera down my throat 2 check if i have an ulcer    he said i need 2 avoid stress lol like that's gonna happen livin in these apartments!
"waitin on the kiddos to get out of school    ca't wait for the weekend, this is gonna b a long week    and i can't believe that our management is at it again! sooo can't wait to move out of this death trap!!"
"how far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong  because someday in life you will have been all of these "
"the truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt "
can't wait untill next weekend!!!! tubing the <propfirst> river with <propfirst> and <propfemale>     gonna get nice and toasty!!
click 'like' if we have ever had a drink together! (see how many i can get?)copy to your status see how many you get !!
"had an awsome day today, went shopping with my \bestie\""! and for tonight    drinkin with the neighbors and celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday  smile """
"life is full of beauty  notice it  notice the bumble <propfemale>, the small child, and the smiling faces  smell the rain, and feel the wind  live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams "
"this is my wish: comfort on difficult days, smiles when sadness intrudes, rainbows to follow the clouds, laughter to kiss my lips, sunsets to warm my heart, hugs when spirits sag, beauty for my eyes to see, friendships to brighten my being, faith so that i can believe, confidence for when i have doubt, courage to know myself, <propfemale> to accept the truth, love to complete my life "
man!! who knew finding a job was so frickin hard?!?
"totally ready 4 this weekend! new dress, 2 6packs of down home punch, skittles vodka, 250 gummy bears and only 25 hours till we leave! woo hoo!"
the management here is horrible! management has an overall disregaurd for any of the residents here  the main issue is with the office manager <propfirst> rance who has been seen photographing our 12 year old daughter without any just cause or intended purpose in doing so  when we went to inquire as to the reason behind him taking inappropriate pictures our daughter he refused to speak with us 
"tough girls come from new york  sweetgirls, they're from alabama  but minnesota girls, we have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride four-wheelers, be a debutante, throw left hooks, and hunt with the boys, all while wearing shorts and winter coats in the same week! and lord knows if we have an opinion, you are going to hear it! repost if you're a true minnesota girl  ? ? *this is totally true!!  smile *"
"learn to get in touch with silence within yourself, and know that everything in this life has purpose  there are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from"
it has been such a looong day! and it's not even half way over  surprise   i started babysitting and man oh man is it trying!!!
"today you are you, that is truer than true \there is no one alive who is youer than you "
"trouble is part of your life — if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a <propmale> to love you enough "
"in the end, <propfemale> will be a bigger bitch than i'll ever need to be "
we had an awsome weekend camping with a few of our neighbors    so much fun that we're going back for round 2 this weekend  but this time we are staying all weekend    this week can't go by fast enough 
"for everything you have missed, you have gained something else; and for everything you gain, you lose something else  it is about your outlook towards life, you can either regret or rejoice "
thank you so much to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!! i had a great one ! we spent the day at sea world and it was amazing!!
hoping that things turn around for all of my friends gowing through a rough patch right now   my prayers are with you all 
"<propfirst> lohan-24, gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail  <propfirst> allen-23, <propfirst> linley-29, <propfirst> weikert-29, justus bartett-27, <propmale> santos-21, <propmale> stanley-21, <propfirst> reed-26, <propfirst> johnson-21, <propmale> fisher-24, <propfirst> king-23, <propfirst> goeke-23,       and <propmale> tate-27    all ga   ve their lives for you this week in military service  honor them by reposting this!!"
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is akeepsake, from which i'll never part     god has you in his arms   i have you in my heart   re-post if you love someone in heaven"
"truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for "
"we found a 6 bedroom, 4 bathroom house on 2 1 2 acres!!! only 1 grand a month! i can't wait to get out of this crappy apartment!!!"
"this is dedicated\all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles,\salon haircuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late\nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't\change a thing  lets see how many moms repost this  moms,who don't\care about whatever they gave up, instead,love what they get in\return  repost if you're a mom and you love your kids  "
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to \the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, \with <propfemale> and justice for all  ( i grew up saying this every morning \in school-it's a shame we no longer do that for fear \    of    offending   someone),    now, let's see how many    <propfemale>ns will repost and not care about offending anyone!!!!"
not sure if moving is the best idea atleast not right now    maybe it's just my nerves but i can't quite shake the feeling that maybe now is not the best time for us   even though getting out of this death trap is ideal!
had a great day today with the neighbors out at salado creek!
"well <propmale>' 1st sg has thoroughly pissed me off this time! like putting up with this guys i'm right f*ck everyone attitude isn't enough! hey yeah let's go and f*ck with the families!! wrong move <propmale>, wrong move! c ur *ss in the morning!!!"
"fixin up the girl's rooms making them a little bit more \girly\"" for them    got them a bunch of cute pictures for only $1 50 each and they love them! still waiting on <propmale> to get <propfemale>'s bed together then we can finish up for today    i'm so glad he's home for a few weeks! it's been a while since we've been able to actually spend a significant amount of time together """
tryin out my new ice tea brewer that <propfemale> recommended    hopefully it will turn out as good as hers   
"it's husbands week! if you have a husband who makes your life interesting (lol yep!) and fun (check), is your best friend(check), who has been with you thru thick and thin(check check), who has been a blessing in your life (yep) and who you are proud to be married to(check), then copy and paste this to your profile, be sure to post how many years you've been married   6 years!! love ya <propfemale> ?"
you will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love 
"roses are red, violets are blue, i have 5 fingers, &the middle one's for you"
"love is much like a wild <propfemale>, \beautiful and calm, but willing\to draw blood in its defense "
"give me a bottle, and a mother f'ing cup   "
"not all scars show, not all wounds heal  sometimes you can't always see, the pain someone feels "
got the girls to bed and now i get to relax with <propfemale> for a while while i wait for <propmale> to call 
behind my smile is everything you'll never understand 
"words hurt more than anything else can, because they last, sometimes forever "
just want to crawl into bed for the night   it's been 1 of those days today 
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friends list? here's a task for you  i want all of my fb friends to comment on this status with how you met me  after you comment, copy and paste into your status so i can do the same for you "
waiting for the girls to get out of school then going to the park 
"if love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?"
"going out to lunch with <propfemale> in a little bit, then it's off to get the girls from school "
just a little bit more cleaning to get done and then off to get the girls 
"the best relationship is not the one that brings together perfect people, but the best is when each individual learns to live with the imperfections of others and can admire the other person's good qualities "
feelin kinda sad this morning    found out our friends are moving     sad 
"laundry, laundry, and more laundry   "
just got home    we had a great day with <propfirst>! i can't wait till the next time we get to go!
"well, <propmale> finally got to come home from the field today   only for an hour or two though   some people really know how to ruin a good night "
<propfemale> had a great birthday party today at the park   but now mom and dad are both exhausted and so ready for bed 
same old b s  as always   just wondering when things start going our way for a change   
oh great! just saw the psycho b****! just yet one more thing i have to deal with!
happy birthday to <propfemale>!!! our baby is officialy a toddler now!! i can't believe she's already 2!!!
"bet no one \can answer all the questions right  first name___ middle name___ last name__ \birthday__ age__ eyecolor__nickname__favorite color__bestfriend(girl)__ \bestfriend(boy)__ favorite food_ "
never knowing who you can truly trust is so frustrating at times   but i guess if you listen to your gut you can't go wrong   if the signs are there of someone being untrustworthy pay attention to them 
do not mistake my tears for weakness   because in truth my tears are the only thing keeping me from going psycho b**** on you and beating your a**!!!!
waiting on the girls to get out of school then it's off to the park   hope the psycho b**** isn't there! don't know that i can keep my cool much longer 
at 3 years old:my mom is the best 7 years old: mom i love you 10 years old:mom whatever  17 years old surprise mg my mom is so annoying 18 years old:i wanna leave this house 35 years old:i wanna go back to my mom's house 50 years old:i don't wanna lose my mom 70 years old:i would give up everything for my mom to  be here with me post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom smile 
"to love is to suffer  to avoid suffering one must not love  but then one suffers from not loving  therefore to love is to suffer, not to love is to suffer  to suffer is to suffer  to be happy is to love  to be happy then is to suffer  but suffering makes one unhappy  therefore, to be unhappy one must love, or love to suffer, or suffer from too much happiness"
"men say they don't trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die, well i don't trust anything with 2 heads and only 1 brain!"
change your fb profile to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until dec  6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
"2010 is almost over, so like this status if ive made you smile this year!then set this as your status  youll be surprised how many people have smiled because of you  ?"
had a great day today!!
i have a feeling today is going to be a long one    i really hope that <propmale> will be home at a decent time tonight too!
"well, sprained my wrist  sad   my motorcycle ride really was eventfull! lol"
"i think we should terrorize the terrorists     drop a million pigs, alive and some cooked out of airplanes to them this christmas     let them just parachute in ever so gracefully and listen to cnn talk of the atrocities of defilement     hurt feelins and all     "
we made it through christmas    a good time for all! had a great dinner with great friends  the girls all got spoiled rotten   again  hope everyone else had a great christmas too!
"well, we have a busy week ahead of us this week  <propfemale> has her appointment with the bone specialist on wednesday to see what we do for her scoliosis, grocery shopping, putting away christmas stuff and packing some more stuff   "
sometimes when you sit alone thoughts of the past have way of sneaking up on you in a most unsettling way     i so wish <propmale> were here    sad 
"people who need a foot up their butt affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their butt, except a foot up their butt  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they need a foot up their butt too  please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their butt"
i just got a surprise phone call from my hubby! totally made my night better! i love you <propfemale>!  smile 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   and 4 words is hard!"
let's see how creative my face book friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy     that's no fun!!! woohoo this should be fun!
the pug is living proof that god has a sense of humor 
"do i work? yes, i work  24 hours a day  why? because i'm a mom  i am a cook, a cleaner, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a maid, a security officer, a photographer, a counselor, a chauffeur and a comforter  i don't get holidays, sick pay or any days off  i work through the day and night  i am on call at all hours  tell me your job is harder than mine  post if you are a proud mom"
just watched <propmale>'s law and it was frickin awesome! probably the best tv show i have seen in a long time!
omg! i can't stand ignorant people!
to love is to receive a glimpse of heaven 
american homeless go without eating  american elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill americans go without treatment  united states troops go without proper equipment  united states veterans go without benefits that were promised!! yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first!!!!
"happy birthday! to my smart and beautiful teenager, <propfemale>! i love you!"
"laundry   check, floors   check, bathrooms   check, kitchen   check, bedrooms   triple check, now time to relax and do absolutely nothing!"
<propmale> is finally home and now i am super happy once again!
"i'm slow to trust, but i'm quick to love  i wish too hard, and i give too much  i'm not saying im perfect, but i promise i'm worth it "
