7c701124b7e24bc78999f9d346bd097e
thinking my friends and family have too much time on their hands to play so many games  wait that is me lol
"lovely day , good friends who can ask for more"
thinking i need to find a way to sleep more then 3 hrs a night but not wanting to  smile   i like my night time  fun and games
just feel like screaming out loud and for a long time!
looking out at the dirty snow and wishing it were spring already
enjoying the almost spring like temps we are having here in the north woods
ok yes my phone is now off and if anyone that has my cell number wants to reach me please contact me via here or wow i will call you soon as i have a number again
"feeling a bit torn apart atm, life sure has it's ups and downs  but i guess you just have to keep going on and living thru them, with the hope that things will get better in time"
"trying like crazy to figure out if i can handle staying in the same home with him till counceling starts, but not sure he really means to go even if i say yes, staying in a hotel tonight and will make a final decision in the morning as to if i think  he will really go to this thing  "
off to see about life   wishing there were an easier way to deal with things then there is but knowing that anything worth doing is worth working hard for  hope all my friends and family have a good day
ugggg back in a hotel again guess the idea of staying in the home and not bugging each other is not gonna happen   oh well back to house hunting again in the morning and hope i find something soon
"wishing that this stuff was over so we can get on with starting over agin, but knowing the earliest  anything is gonna click into place is monday i hope we can be in a place soon i want my cat with me and i know my son wants his own space again"
"well had to bring our two cats to the hotel with us, hope he is not going to get rid of the rest before we can find a place for them but had to move to make sure the two  we know we are keeping for sure are safe   not easy to have 2 cats in a hotel but well they are good cats and hope they will be good at least i will get a good night sleep with <propmale> with me"
"yet  one more night in a hotel, then into our new home  i hope   i am so very greatfull for the wonderful friends and neibors i have that have been so supportive at this  ugly time for my son and i"
"still waiting for an aproval  to get into an apartment, sure hope this happens soon"
well we are in the new apartment and getting settled in as best we can   things will get easier i am sure as time goes on
"well we have an apointment this afternoon, we shall see how it goes"
"looking back at my life and seeing the regrets that i have, but also looking to the future in hopes that i will not repeat those mistakes"
finally got the pics up will add more  of the pics i had on myspace as i can
"what a hard thing it is to let something you love go when you know it is best for them the  yin and bit and push are now living with their <propmale> family and i think she will be good for them, but it still hurts to say good by to  a pet you have loved for years"
kinda bummed that i am not allowed to kill someone for  being a pain  smile  but i guess i will just have to ignore them
uggggg! i truly hate men sometimes !
"last day of the county fair! i love it , i hate it lol but  most likely will do it again smile "
"thank you for all the b-day wishes love you all,very, very tired from the closing of the fair  but happy  overall, it was a good fair, lots of  kids showing their birds and  having fun  the smiles on the faces of those little kids that have never seen or petted a  chicken or duck makes all the works, pain and stress worth it "
"people tell me i would suffer less if i did not care so much for people  but to care less would be to try to change who i am, and this i am not willing to do "
i am finding that way to many ppl i know play wow!
school started today! yay!
what is on my mind     not a dam thing atm  smile 
"life gives us so many trials and times of pain, but it also gives us great happiness and comfort  sometimes it is  just that dark time in between that  feels the longest and is the hardest to take we struggle, we learn, we go on and in time we again shine "
my son is gonna kill me   i got into the wow cata beta smile 
"well finally got into  the wow beta after many hrs of downloads and all i can say is  if nothing else it is a visual treat so far, flying  over southshore and the changes  there  is so cool"
"giving thanks for having known those friends that are no longer with us, and counting my blessings for those that still are   i love you guys"
"i am truly amazed at how friendships started so many years in  the past, and that have had little contact over the years , can feel as rt and comfortable now as they did back then "
"in one of \ those\"" moods! you know the type  """
ok the pics are up from the beta guild stuff if anyone wants to see them   i put them in the guilds facebook photos
sitting here trying to figure out just how men think   because i am at a loss atm on figuring them out  but maby that is good  maby we are not suposed to understand 
"gonna go try to sleep   yeh like it will really happen , but still gonna try night all and sleep well"
wow <propfemale> much easier to get thru the day when you get nuff sleep lol
"hmmm can i make it two nights in a row of good sleep? prolly not but guess i can try  \night all    well untill i decied to give up on sleep and relog lol   sleep well all"
still in a reflective mood   but over all in a good mood   hope you all are having a great friday
"bact to the  way to wound to sleep, but oh well at least i am in a good mood if i have to be awaks most of the night"
"off to see \ vampires suck\"" in a little while   hope it is funny  i am looking forward to a good time"""
guess i go curl up with a good book and my cat  maby sleep will come
good night my friends sleep well and sweet dreams
today really is the first day of the rest of my life! good to know
my wow game is  not working rt   trying to run the repair tool on it   hope it fixes it soon  sad  otherwise i have to reinstall the entire thing and dam that is a long download
ahhh well off to atempt to sleep   we shall seeif it works night everyone
"i find it sorta creepy to have strangers suddenly yim me  with an opening like\ hey sunshine how are you\"" then not e playful lain just who the heck they are"""
"off to see the new baby    a had her baby this morning, a little girl   born at about 10 till 7 this morning and no i did not get the name or weight before i got off the phone   have fun and see ya all later"
sooooo tired tonight   maby i will actually be able to sleep smile 
what is on my <propfemale>d rt now   rt at this very <propfemale>? not a dam thing!
awwww crap! it looks like wow just implemented alot of the main toon changes from the beta in this new patch into live   ifso  i guess my huner may have her days numbered     we shall see how it  works in live but  i am not overly happy with  the class changes they  seem to have set in motion for good
lol ok this is the best shot i have on pc of me  the 80's and i do not rember what year but had to have been fairly early  80's
help! it is the invasion of the teenage boys!
feeling like my heart is going o break into a million pieces   but knowing it is what has to be
"enjoying a bright <propfemale> day, bouncing off the walls with nothing to do"
mom shoulldnt leave her pc out
"in a great mood! <propfirst> has school sorted out , and i had some very interesting conversation last night with a very interesting person   makes for a good mood smile "
"whateveryou give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile, she will give you her heart  she multiplies & enlarges what she is given  so if you give her crap, be ready to receive    a ton of shit! post on your wall if you agree   hope to see every female re-post"
"just home from the baby shower   it was great getting to see you nyssa  smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_gr laugh m027yyus"
having a very nice evening  smile 
"children\with a disability are not sick or gross  they only want what we all \want, to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post \this and leave it on your status for at least an hour  it is special \education week and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way"
"it is a wonderful day for  snuggling on the couch with a movie, cup of tea and a wam body, guess 2 out is not bad"
wishing everyone a wonderfull thanksgiving day!
wishing winter was past already and spring was here
"about to go mia for the next few days  the wow e playful ansion is out, and i am buried in the game for a few days!"
"are you a redneck? -- my result: oh yes,, you are a red neck!  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 164722 referrals status?aid=573723697"
getting ready to leave to go see my daughter graduate smile 
happy christmas <propfemale> day to  all! i hope your holidays are happy 
"sending out christmas wishes to all my friends and family, i love you all  <propfemale> christmas and sleep well"
goodnight everyone! sweet dreams and sleep well   i am sure i will tonight 
goodnight everyone sleep well and sweet dreams
happy new year to all of you  be safe and i hope your 2011 grants you all you could wish for 
"it is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live  they don't hold grudges and understand that life is busy, but you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends "
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play "
you know sometimes men are real butt heads! and yes i am aware that i am always a bitch  smile 
"heart, mind and soul all need rest, goodnight everyone, sleep well"
"goodnight everyne, sleep well and sweet dreams!"
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who gets it and follows the instructions) 
really worried and not sure why  do me a favor and let me know you are all alright 
good night everyone!
*sigh    are there any honest cops in the world left?
"copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then do still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts ? ? ?     for crap's sake don't forget the hearts! ? ? ?"
hmmm what to do with myself for the day   was suposed to be at the oral surgery clinic   but that got changed   guess i can go play wow  smile 
"achoo! if you're allergic to bull-crap, drama, head games, liars, & fake people, keep this sneeze going  i can't wait to see who all does this      (hands out tissues) lol "
i hate being sick!
pineapple
stupid snow storm!they cancled my surgery because of you!
offically a grandmother    details yet to come
surgery in the early morning be back online mostlikely late afternoon or early evening wed  smile  sleep well everyone and congratulations again nyssa and <propfirst>!
"s att urgen, droeall the way there, took the lovely pills they wanted me to take and the resched for next thursday  sad  think i am gonna quit saying till it is done"
"surgery went well, home and resting, mouth full of stiches but feeling very good   "
get to see the grand baby monday! can't wait!
"long day, but wonderful  homwe safe pics up in the am  smile "
\you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? \7c701124b7e24bc78999f9d346bd097e,i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones who will!! think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting     i hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends
