3359341c40d2708267075f8d25dbba1b
"ok, so it's a new year, big deal  why the big celebration? imagine if we did this for every new month     5  4  3  2  1   happy february! or every week     5  4  3  2  1   happy monday!    ok, that one may suck, but it might make going back to work every week a little more fun "
"thanks for all of the well wishes  lots of former river grove alumni! hope to see all of you at rts on saturday (i think that's where the whopping 3 of us have decided on!)  i'm going to celebrate my birthday on saturday either way, hopefully it's with a bunch of old friends  if not, i guess <propfirst>, <propfirst> and i are going to have to drink enough for about 75 or so former rg class of 86 graduates? thanks again to all!"
"drank & listened to the nightly piano player in the absolute oldest bar in the country, lafitte's blacksmith bar  over 300 yrs old  most of the interior has no electricity & is lit by candles  posted some pics in my new orleans pics folder "
"finally home from new orleans  good to be back, but really loved it there  updated all of my pics & added some new ones  very cool city  i will make it back, soon  hope we get some more work there so i can get back sooner than waiting for vacation! now i need to post some pics from my actual vacation (no, new orleans wasn't my vacation!) and then on to the soon to be famous annual dbk draft party! what a month!"
"life is good    very busy week at work with a couple all nighters, but we landed another job in louisiana, a $37 m new school in plaqumines parish, so it's all worth it    looks like another trip to new orleans is in the near future!"
"draft party on saturday (fun fun, fun!), in new orleans sunday night for a week, back in <propfirst>cago for labor day weekend    one night in my bed, one night in my bed at the summer home and then it's back to new orleans for another week    the hard part i think is going to be going from 90 degrees in no to 60 here in <propfirst> back to 90s    "
"one bird stuffed, cajun bird rubbed, table set, house clean    just need to put one bird in the oven and the other in the fryer later and all the little side dishes  well, i guess it's miller time for now    breakfast of champions     (it's gotta be 5 o'clock somehwere!) besides, you have barley, wheat     it's gotta be just about as good for you as a fiber bar, right? right? happy thanksgiving everyone!"
"today the inlaws will be over for thanksgiving  so today i am thankful for water, malt, hops, and yeast     fermented grapes    and fermented agave juice    just kidding in laws, well most of you!"
