f61923681485ca91569d011cfba7a569
this new years was fun  played rock band all night  im an e playful ert guitarist  (on the game)  made also new year resolutions that i can actually keep this year   smile 
love is powerful beyond your most trustful dreams but it depends if that love is pure and true or filled with hatred to another that is when love cannot soar and is lost in the mist of your nightmares       
omg!!!! <propfemale> was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im in england now and its goin good  be back in july 4th   much love   
im home!!!!!
"starts school on the 17th    nervous   i have to make new friends,, ugh"
at school   llove my friends!!!
at school in the computer lab    lol   
when i see the stars i wish upon the one i see first    i wish for the one thing that will never come true   the fairytale story           *wishinguponastar*
everybody watch >>> the u-prep swag   my new school  
hanging in the bedroom being bored and now getting sleepy    lmao 
you muust see thiis viideo noow! it'ss the besst onee! winssen com 115 
dude this is makenzee   im not sending those videos  at all     i dont know whats going on     really im not sending these videos i dont know   what happing   im srry yall are getting made at me just dont open any videos from me cuz it anit me   im not sending them   im mad   ugh       hackers!! i hate them  
dude this is makenzee   im not sending those videos at all     i dont know whats going on     really im not sending these videos i dont know   what happing   im srry yall are getting made at me just dont open any videos from me cuz it anit me   im not sending them   im mad   ugh       hackers!! i hate them  
plz dont get mad at me im srry   dont click any links that u think i m sending u otr there from me   because its not me   but hey i still love yall    
again dont click on any links i have sent u in th past   i was hacaked but im pretty sure im not anymore   just dont click on any links from me from the past   starin now it should just be me    smile 
like usual i miss <propmale> ga  for real 
maybe maybe i just might move back  to the one place i know i have ppl that love me  nite to all my facebook friends  smile 
happy new year!!!!!! feels great!
well im officially 17   in ga at this very moment   also i will be 17 here in cali in 2 hours  yip-ee  another day older and still haven a blast  lucky me 
im official 17 everywhere  yeah! me! anthor year  older    smile 
so this is mickayla sulkis wishing my best friend makenzee a very happy birthday!!  love 
just finished a chem project which was a tiisse paper 6ft hot air balloon  horrible   it look good though  and im spending time wit the my project partnes aka besite aka bethanyy   so yea peace   laugh 
at mickayla sulkis house having a party     smile  haha 
correction im at mickayla sulkis house having a party and were on the phone with <propfirst> <propfirst> sentouktsi     smile  by the way i love his last name    i cant even pronounce it    laugh 
"just got back from  bowling   me and mickayla sulkis    it was intense   15$ for 3 hours of unlimited game time and shoe rental includeed   so much bowling my hand are killing me    haha, it was hecka fun   !!!  smile "
going to bed cuz i have school tomorrow  and my life suckks\\!!!!! oh well i will (hopefully) get over it  with the help of prolly my best friends 
"well homework sucks, this week is going to be ok actually and dear <propfirst> comes out on friday   anybody wanna go with??     playful     lol  smile "
wat up?!!!!!!!!!         saints won! saints won 
its been nice on this break of school of mine  love it  im chillaxin and having some super fun with the peeps    smile 
life is pretty ok  school sucks as usual  family still loves me  about two weeks until spring break and im leaving to vegas with mickayla sulkis   hip hip hooray!
in las vegas     having the time of my life with everybody and @mickayla     whoo hoo!!
had a really great and fun time at hanne rygge house today  my bestie mickayla sulkis was there and my other <propfirst> husbyn   we had a really fun time chillin by the pool and stuff   smile  great saturday
at <propfirst> husbyn b-day party  going to have tons of fun  the rest of the people are coming in so  peace out 
"monday- school , sucks  i officially have a case of senioritis and im not even a senior  wow "
"tuesday- school, alright- passed my chem final  still have senioritis  i think its gettin worse   smile "
talkin to my future husband    <propfirst> <propfemale>      lol jk   hes jus my best friend  !  laugh 
i love my best friends new wife she is australian    laugh  he has my approval   lol
babysittin   money is money right? lol
"in craigsville, west <propfemale>   hanging with the grandparents   workin at their restaurant   makin that money  relaxinn   (its summer  no homework or anything )   lovein it! yea my life is good at this moment in time     laugh "
"hey!!! well now finishing off my summer in <propmale>,  ga visiting friends     laugh  for a whole week! yay!"
missin my peeps and this one person in ga    so very much   sad 
back in cali  and im actually feelin quite alrite  but there is apart of me that is always goin to miss something someone or both at this moment in time where im not actually being busy  so this summer made me think a whole lot more than school did      
chillin  i have everything ready for school next week so im bored right now  youtube browsing and found marsraps pretty kool white rapper i like him  lol   {s n  i miss him alot more than you think  smile  }
"including today there is only three days until school starts, summer ends  ugh  havin fun swimming this week and hanging out wit friends   smile  {s n  i dislike guys}"
school tomorrow  fun! lol  first week was quite ok  a little tired but still life is good right now  smile    {s n  i have an oovoo! and él está mintiendo ugh }
today was nice  school was relaxing in a way   not much to do  playing hide n seek with my lil 4yr old cousin and shes so small i couldnt find for like 20min  it was insane i thought i lost her  lol   smile  {s n  missing him  and i have an oovoo its zmak18 look me up}
well today at school was quite entertaining and boring at the same time  and tonight was fun! oovoo photo shoot with mickayla sulkis and <propfemale> bizarrecuppcake    smile  {s n  wondering if he loves me? & economics sucks balls already!!}  smile 
"hmmm  homework  dont like it  \you should have known the price of evil\""              \""tonight  we  die  young \"""""
serious debate going on    comment below if you have an answer   why do guys like boobs so much?? guys please honestly 
fml    its <propfemale> all month long then  the one day i plan on having a pool party with some friends   it fking rains    then it goes back to <propfemale> the rest of the month  according tho the weather channel ugh! {s n  it wont bring me down imma still have fun today  and el me amo}
"i love god  today was relaxing and \cold\""    tomorrow is going to be warm and fun  minimum day!  laugh  {s n  its my fault not his  im done with this game }"""
"hmmmmm   i think my life is a roller coaster with <propmale> twists and turns and everything a wicked awesome roller coaster consists of  yet i think im doing good, i haven't thrown up, gotton dizzy, mentally ill or died yet  so i guess i'm doing good so far right? right  {s n  i have the most awesomest best friends in the world, they help me thorugh a lot   smile  love you yall!}"
"welll! this weekend was filled with sushi, superheroes, lottery tickets, books, clothes, hats, sunglasses, starbucks, applebees, notes through your self fone, and walking  this weekend was pretty exciting   smile  but i still have today    wonder wats in store? {s n  ummmmmm}"
todays saturday   smile  i have nothing to do   smile  my life is fun    
"finally got a <propmale> to see inception   it was an amazing movie  love it  a lot \ {s n  \ love is an irresistible <propfemale> to be irresistibly <propfemale>d\""|robert frost|}"""
"hey guess wat? i dont smoke, do drugs, or drink alcohol   sorry if i'm not considered \cool\"" in your book because your wrong    i am still the cool one  thanks for caring      smile """
wow  im bored  i just liked 70 something pages  wow  im pathetic  lol  tomorrow is school though  yay! finally something that isnt boring   smile  night fb!
"today has been amazing! i feel joy  i feel genuinely happy   laugh  things are better than they always seem to be you just have to look for the silver lining, there is always one no matter who says otherewise   smile "
a lot to do this week   ugh  why must senior year be so exspensive i thought your financial trouble started freshman year of college?   oh well one way or another i have to get through all this sh*t  lol 
college trip today    yay! relaxation and hanging with some friends plus you get to see some colleges  how awesome is that??      smile   smile 
"well, took the act this morning and did her part helping with the uprep rummage sale, now she is relaxing and drinking some hot coco, watching a movie, and texting  you have to love the rain and weekends   smile "
"i am glad that it is finally the weekend, i can now relax and take a breather from school for two days and chill with the friends    smile  ha  also i realized that i have been obsessively listening to the song just the way you are by <propmale> mars and it is one of my favorite songs at the moment or more like for the next 7 months  lol  laugh "
"i hate the friggin game \difficult\""   whoever made that game should go die in a ditch  it makes me so frustrated  i cant get past the 10th level  ugh!!!  i am a person that doesnt give up so this game is extremely frustrating to me  i want to beat it but its so damn hard  i want to hurt somebody right now  ugh      {s n  three days of school this week  yay!}"""
today is great  this week so far has been amazing  tomorrow will be(hopefully) awesomely fabulous [side quote \the candyman can cause he mixes it with love \,f61923681485ca91569d011cfba7a569,"im thankful for god, my giant giant family, and all my friends that i have made in my whole existence of living  happy thanksgiving everyone "
this weekend is going to be nice  thanks heavens because i have been stressed  tomorrow here i come        
chilling at starbucks bout to go back to school  exciting short day so far     smile   smile 
"well, completed two finals yay! now studying for two more   whoawho  also i feel really behind in the whole its christmas time and i need to start shopping for christmas presents   laugh "
?
ok im not confused anymore  everything is what i thought it was  oh well  -_-
i care i do care  my downfall is that i care 
at starbucks! whoohoo! chilling with the peeps and doing some homework  only have one more class today at 1:20   laugh  totally happy today! its a really good day  umm  yea 
word that describes my senior life right now:           
i love men
my birthday has been amazing <propfemale> far   its not over yet!  laugh  thanks you everyone for wishing a happy birthday so far  i love you all!  smile 
wild crazy orgies  wink  normal friday night  smile 
"well   lets just say this weekend was awesome! thank you everybody for the \happy birthday's\"" and love  i love yall dearly   love  sunday: rest  smile """
all i have to say  its a good game  steelers are going to win  point blank period 
feliz día de san valentín!!! may it be special and fun   shoot may it be relaxing or and boring because we have no school!  smile   love 
" smile    smile  it is snowing at my house!!! yay      thank you god, i love the snow   love "
so far this weekend has been crazy but it ended great tonight     so we wait for tomorrow and see what is store   smile 
"good day   \ [s n  hes a russian dork   i  love  him ]  smile "
boring friday  sad       thats ok this week was alright and this weekend will be fun no matter if certain adults cant make the right decision 
nice day today  smile  [s n when you want to see somebody and you cant    what do you do about it?]
"cant seem to let go , go ahead push me away, i thought you cared     was i wrong this whole time, just a fool blinded by something good i saw in you, you were there  i was there, and now poof its gone, the light is no more just darkness surrounding the beaten, bruised, scarred heart  so the time has come to walk away and i dont    whats your next move??    "
"well    good news: i might be getting a car bad news: my cousin just moved into my bedroom with me  annoyed  so yea weekend was ugh  and wtf  [s n  he left a scar and a footprint on my heart  why does it still hurt? its weird, i know i'm stronger than this]"
good day  i'm officially saying that redding has bipolar weather  loving life little by little  still have hard decisions to make and i still miss him  lol  yup  yup  kool   smile 
"\to live would be an awfully big adventure\"" \",f61923681485ca91569d011cfba7a569,at starbucks chillin  smile  its a good day today 
life is swell   i love my cousin   wink        but jeez never thought my family would talk so much about me behind my back    wow 
got my prom dress! next up the shoes    smile  nightie night
