d0bed64fd39543edd3a72ad1515b3043
"please keep me in your prayers during the next few weeks   my doctor is sending me to have a mri on my brain   there is a possibility that i'm heading towards a stroke or even currently having mini strokes   plus, he is sending me to the cardiologist to d"
mri turned out fine    next step is the cardiologist
"i had an exam yesterday with the cardiologist    on wednesday i have to be hooked up to a halter monitor for 24 hours to see if it can pick up the palpatations, then on friday i will have a stress test done    they also need to check my vasular system in "
i also have to find an outlet for my stress    such as working out (yuck)   
i'm single now  sad 
omg in less then a month i will be 40 (october 1st)    thank god i don't look it lol    i'm kinda of freaking out
single again!!!   smile 
17 days and counting down to my 40th     sad   and now single after 3-1 2 years makes it that much worse    pitty party  smile 
as long as i have him in my life i will never be alone and will always be loved  smile 
"excited to get my hair chopped off tomorrow     i'm getting about 9 inches cut off and it will still be past my shoulders     thinking about dying my hair too (gotta cover the gray), just don't know what shade of red i want to go    "
"well i got 11 inches of my hair cut off and it's still about 6 inches past my shoulders, plus i have bangs now which i have not had in 20 years     friends have told me that i look younger yeah!!! anything to help me not look my age is a good thing, not that i ever did anyway (good genes)     tomorrow i'm coloring my hair dark mahogany brown with dark red highlights"
"if no one knew me, they would think i'm making drastic changes in my apperance since my 40th birthday is in only 11 days     sad    like most women who come out of a long term relationship and kept our hair long for him, the first thing we do is chop it off     the funny thing is that <propfirst> (ex-boyfriend) likes it lmao"
very tired but can't sleep     thinking about work too much
i cannot believe i am going to be 40 tomorrow!!!!!
i had a great 40th birthday     my co-worker decorated my desk with the usual over the hill decorations and took me out to lunch    my ex-boyfriends & his parents took me out to dinner     on sunday i will celebrate my birthday with the family when <propfemale> comes home from college   
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!!!
good night all
"going to bed, i'm exhausted     oh well putting off paying bills till tomorrow  smile "
i am going to bed early     not feeling too good     the rain is really bothering my asthma    i will probably go to the hospital this weekend if it doesn't get any better  sad 
can't sleep      i'm feeling like crap
omg <propfirst> lambert is hot!!!
i just purchased <propfirst> lamberts new single on line     love it!!!
i had a great day shopping with my daughter
i cannot believe my beautiful daughter is going to be 20 in less then a month     god i'm getting old  smile 
well off to bed     very long 11 hour day tomorrow at work due to required ot
i received a promotion at work today to a team manager!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i'm so excited 
i found out what my new job title will be      assistant vice president fulfillment team leader    sounds impressive  smile 
today is stephanie's 20th birthday!!!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wprrgaool00&feature=player_embedded
"height annoyed 385\"">< embed>< object>"""
"if your mom is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom! ? i love my mom !!!! and thanks for everything you do or did whether your here or your not, i am the luckiest person in the world to have a great mom!!!!"
"facebookers fb is at it again   violating your personal information: as of today, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck \""allow\""  please copy & repost (it's really there)"""
"i'm tired of doing research on vehicles i'm interested in purchasing tomorrow!!!  i have to buy 2, new for me and used for steph "
well back to searching for a car for my daughter
just saw <propfirst> lambert on much music video awards on fuse channel    awesome performance as usual  smile 
playing with my new droid cell phone  its pretty awesome
ugh i'm getting sick!!!
feeling like crap this morning
i cannot believe it's been over a month since i began the new medication to get my allergies & asthma under control with amazing success   i use to have to take 2 or more breathing treatments per day   i have only taken 2 in over a months time   i feel like a new person!!!!  i'm able to do things i haven't done in years   smile   my new allergy asthma doctor is wonderful!!!!
oh yeah     day 1 starting tomorrow of no smoking
yeah day 1 of no smoking has been a success   the only semi difficult times were when i normally would have a cigarette at home   i kind of didn't know what to do with myself for a little bit 
"day 2 no smoking!!!  i feel a little lost during times i would normally smoke, like after eating   to help me be more successful, i've chosen not to be around anyone that's smoking   if i can get to 1 month i know i can quit forever    smile "
one week no smoking and i haven't bitten anyone's head off (yet)!!!!!
13 days no smoking!!!!
14 days no smoking!!!  i'm no longer feeling lost during those times i would normally smoke at home 
18 days no smoking!!!  i don't even think about it much anymore   i'm only concerned about when i take my staycation next month and will be home for 11 days with too much time on my hands 
20 days no smoking!!!  yeah for me  smile 
i cannot believe it's been 29 days since i've had a cigarette 
yeah 1 month no smoking!!!!!
5 weeks still not smoking!!!
"6 weeks still not smoking!!!  i've saved approximately $256 00 so far, along with my emphysema not getting worse, which of course is priceless "
http annoyed  www youtube com user darknessislight91607?blend=2&ob=4
7 weeks still no smoking     today was difficult due to the amount of stress at work but i stayed strong and didn't give in  smile 
17 days until i'm 41 and still single  sad 
thanks to all that wished me a happy birthday!
67 days without a cigarette = $402 savings yeah!!! it was easier to quit smoking then i ever thought it would be 
i cannot believe i quit smoking almost 3 months ago and don't have any cravings  smile 
its now been over 4 months since i've had a cigarette  i still cannot believe i quit  i never thought i would 
"i can't wait for the doctors to figure out what's wrong with me!!! the entire left side of my body tingles more often then not, sensation less, metallic taste, pain in my wrists, ankles, feet and legs, fluttering of the heart, chest pain, purple legs when standing too long and sometimes purple arms, frequent headaches"
also i've never had blood pressure issues and now i do  i've always been 120 over 69 and now its gone as high as 191 over 89  i've been put on high blood pressure pills that aren't helping  i go for an angeogram on the 13th  they have ruled out r a  and possibly p a d  but still aren't 100% sure 
"i am pretty sore after having the angiogram this morning and its not as bad as i thought it would be, thank god! the doctor didn't find anything wrong with my heart (yeah)!!! which also means they still don't know what's wrong with me   sad "
happy holidays everyone!!!
"i now have 6 months under my belt of being a non-smoker!!!!! i never thought i could do it  i had been told that i would always crave a ciggy, even years later and i can say that i don't crave it, but i do miss the social part of smoking   smile "
