75b0bc99a7484adbb0a08fcc2eb32abd
wants to go salsa!!
5 more weeks  smile  !!!!
"blahhhh, i hate packing  but i love vacations!"
love my new bedroom furniture! super excited!  smile 
its my birthday!!  laugh 
getting ready for a  long day of school!
-sigh- must study for physics and acc exams tomorrow !
i just got beatles rock band - super excited!!!
why are pistacios so addicting?
happy the bears won! now homework   
i'm so excited for new greys anatomy!
wants someone to chat with! but it seems everyones asleep   annoyed \
i can't sleep  sad 
i'm convinced    physics is the devil!
"everything can always be broken, but whats broken can't always be fixed "
it's been a good day  wink 
excited for nip tuck tomorrow  smile 
i swear i just saw a racoon roaming the streets! and i know it wasn't a cat!
i hate having a chem and physics exam on the same freakin day!
i don't know what to be for halloween!
had a great night !  smile 
i'm excited for this weekend! but i wish the wind would go away  i'm cold  sad 
i'm so confused!
i'm a <propmale>!
i hate writing scholarship essays  wish me luck!
meteor shower on november 17th!!
hates when simple plans fall through without notification!
never though i'd say i misss the warmth of summer! study day!!!
just made amazing pasta with home made vodka sauce   smile 
i find astrology so interesting and i have no idea why hahaha 
needs to find someone who can take my computer apart and tighten my screen because apple is lame!
i need someone who speaks spanish!!!
yay for thanksgiving!  laugh 
02 07 2010 !
i think i'm gonna donate blood on wednesday at school! who wants to with me!?
my throats all sore  i better not be getting sick before finals!
simple is good  smile 
i'm so over it 
3 finals and i'm free for winter break  smile 
as much as i love rain - please don't rain tomorrow  school will be freeezing!
i am stunned it is still raining!!!
"to all those listening, this is my story about a confused girl and a boy that's boring silly how look can be, stupid and awkward"
yay! 2 finals down - an a on one  two more to go  smile 
5 hours and it's all over with! i can't wait  smile 
hates assholes!!
yay!!! i passed physics! anyone at unlv that needs to take it - don't take hurst! he sucks
meteor shower tonight around 11pm! who's down to watch it?!
i'm excited!  laugh 
had an amazing night  love 3 only one thing missing!
yes - found someone to buy my chem book! beat that you stupid rebelbooks!  smile 
i hate getting out of a warm shower in winter :[
i'm finally employed! woo hooo  laugh 
had a great night   smile  some people are dumb though!!
i start work tomorrow  laugh  !!
so frustrated!
omg i love maggianos food!
<propfemale> christmas!!  laugh 
just doesn't feel like a good day 
hope everyone has a great night but please drive safe  love 
sooooo excited!!  laugh 
wants to go see a movie tonight  smile 
blahhh i hate stupid unnecessary drama!
how sad is it that with 2 glasses of soda i am wide awake!
only 26 days left!  laugh 
i  love flowers  smile 
yayyy it's my friday  laugh 
damn! so <propfemale> is 50th in the nation for education  d is average report card  and 48th in education spending  wtf do they spend all our money on if kids are just getting dumber!?
stressed  annoyed \
boarding this weekend! sooo excited  laugh 
i feel hella stupid  annoyed \
i bet know one in the world would believe i woke up this early!!! hah  laugh 
sad day 
time to organize and stop procrastinating!!
i need someone to tell me what makes a good camera  i'm about to buy one soon!
<propfemale> excited for the rain  laugh 
boarding tomorrow  laugh  anyone interested?
10 more days!!  laugh 
had the best morning!! and i even made it thru the trees  laugh 
it's finally february!!  laugh  the days are going by so quickly 
6 more days!!  laugh 
boarding tomorrow @ <propfirst>!  laugh 
go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name then cut & paste this into your status  put the answer to your name as the first comment on your status
yayyy  smile 
3 more days till i leave!  laugh 
excited for tomorrow! it's going to be an amazing day  laugh 
australian money makes me think of monopoly money!! all different sizes and colors  laugh 
"koalas, kangaroos, rainforests, drinking  all amazing  laugh "
"tonight was a lot of fun, met a lot of great people  beach tomorrow yeahhh  laugh "
sleepy   orientation today!!
pandora doesn't work in australia!! i'm so sad :[
u bar tonight!  laugh 
beach today  laugh 
90 degrees and no air condition or fan  + humidity  no bueno :[
"school tomorrow bright and early, and i still haven't completely figured out what i want to do about my classes!"
i don't believe it's 95 degrees right now! average high 79 in feb  fucking lies weather com!! :[
good morning! hopefully today won't be as hott  laugh 
the hangover by the lake tonight at 7 30  who's going  smile 
ranch tonight!!!  laugh  who's going
beach today!!  laugh 
mardi gras!!  laugh 
ahhh! why is my ipod blank?! :[
"<propfemale> i forgot my pin, atm ate my debit card! no joke! my ipod somehow erased itself, and the bookstore is closed tomorrow  haha, at least mardi gras was fun  laugh "
i love the rainn!!  laugh 
"tigers love pepper, they hate cinnamon!"
my closest relationship is with my blackberry   thank god it vibrates !
"there you have it, folks  young love  full of promise, full of hope, ignorant of reality "
today's a special day! you will always be in my heart  miss you  wish we had more time together  love 
just bought my harbour cruise ticket  laugh 
studying blows   annoyed \
anyone wanna donate blood with me this week?!  laugh 
i love how i scream super loud any time anyone startles me      
doing laundry  going to try to get my tea from customs and studying  then get ready for the toga party!!  laugh 
bondiiii
goodnight facebook!  love 
im that red bull now lets fly away
rugby go today!! go rabbitohs!  laugh  hehe
this weeks goal: attend all my classes!! hah  laugh  and prepare for st <propfemale>'s day!!! hehe
"\breathe and i'll <propfemale> you away into the <propfemale> sky  and we'll stir the stars around and watch them fall away  into the hudson bay and plummet out of sight and sound\"""""
happy st <propfemale>'s day!!!  laugh 
free pancakes!! yayy  wink 
thanks <propfemale>! love you  love 
i'm so excited - wakeboarding tomorrow! wish me luck  love 
had the best day - first time wakeboarding! now time for an amazing salad and a light jog  laugh 
i absolutely had the longest weekend - starting on st <propfemale>'s day at noon and i have no idea how i'm still functioning! good times  laugh 
blahhhh why does my microsoft office keep going back to the english us dictionary!! :[
thursday - habour cruise!  fri - night out on the town! sat - <propmale> valley! sun - brekkie with the cousin  laugh  it's gonna be a  good weekend
freee <propfemale> at admin! and it's actually burgers! i am so excited  laugh 
amazing news!  laugh 
celebrating tonight!!  laugh 
 love  hump day
harbour cruise tonight!! so excited  laugh 
officially accepted!  laugh 
omg i just saw the biggest freaking spider! it's legs are like a couple inches! so freaked out  confidential 
<propmale> valley tomorrow!!  love  wine tasting!!  laugh 
coogeee  laugh 
amazing day! got to see a familiar face! great views!  love  coogee  got a little bit of reading done! but my back side is burnt to a crisp! maybe i'll get lucky and it will tan!
does anyone know if theres a way to print directly from my laptop at the library?
stop procrastinating! do work!
loving the rain!  love 
i am not moving out of this desk until i get all of my work done! let the fun begin   
"power went out this morning while i was in the shower! ice cold water, and i still had conditioner in my hair  haha  and then i spilled my good makeup all over my pants and my floor! what a great start to hump day! wish me luck on my exam and hopefully i'll get my essay done and have a wonderful night  love "
 love  <propfirst> guetta
april foools day! alsooo i need to finish my essay  get some jello shots + punch  share some goon  goon pong  and easter party! tonights gonna be a good night fersure  laugh 
all the crazy shit i did tonight those will be the best memories  i just wanna let it go for the night that would be the best therapy for me 
that stupid bird needs to shut up!!
miss you  love  love 
happy easter  love 
why does everything have to be closed?! i just want to buy headphones! :[
outtt to the city  love 
possible jog later on  anyone interested in joining?
loving gold coast  smile 
sin city baby !  playful 
<propmale> bay road trippp + nimbin hehe  smile 
i  love  wine tastings! now time to get ready for my last night in surfers paradise!!
back to uni!! i miss surfers! haha
why is my room so freaking cold :[
i think i'm catching a cold! at least it wasn't during holiday! but too bad it's during my cram session 
has no idea how to write an essay for psychology!
i wish my cold would go away and my essay could magically write itself!
why is my internet so slow? makes for poor research :[
is everyone else in the village having problems with the stupid internet?!
"i shall call him squishy, and he shall be mine "
"remember to let her into your heart, then you can start to make it better"
approximately $25 million is spent  each year on lap dances in las vegas 
hella yeah   100 dollars for volunteering! thanks australearn  laugh 
"i'm feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop  my shine, i'm loving cloud nine, my head's in the sky"
 love  falling asleep to the sound of rain!
anzac dayyyy ; )
hmmm darker hair or lighter hair?
nights are getting cold  must invest in heater  cuddler
<propfemale> in an hour  laugh 
ugh why is it freezing in my room :[ i seriously did not think i'd get cold in <propfirst> once!
ahhhh  love  coffee in the morning 
blehhh why can't i find a place to get coffee at 9pm and pizza at 3 am?! boy do i miss las vegas right now
happy birthday <propfemale> ragan ! xx
"if you can't handle me at my worst, you definitly don't deesrve me "
newww hairr & i joined the gym today finally wooo  laugh 
study study study 
ahh i could totally go for a seat in a bean bag right now! pleaseee someone get up!  smile ]
"late night, brakes lock, hear the tires squealred light, can't stop so i spin the wheelmy world goes black before i feel an angel lift me up"
lets hope my horscope comes true today  smile )
totallly hate waking up freezing  :[
anyone need to go to <propmale> centre today by <propmale>? give me a shout  laugh 
u@mq study sesh  anyone around come say hi  laugh 
i will finish this essay tonight!  laugh  words of encouragment  i need support hah
im craving pizza and it makes me think of gorana krljic hahaha  playful 
fyi everyone  i'm a ninja  completely witnessed  by <propfemale> au
eff i dont know how to make a ppt 
ahhh i dont have credit on my phone!!
i need coffeeeeee
"i'm putting on my shades to cover up my eyes, i'm jumpin' in my ride, i'm heading out tonight  smile "
"the sun is up, the sky is blue, it's beautiful, and so are you"
happy mother's day to all of the mom's  laugh 
"words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup, they slither while they pass they slip away across the universe"
tomorrows high is 26  im thinking beach  anyone else interested for a day of hookie?!
ahhh why do i think its freezing :[
i'm finally getting my lazy ass to the gym!! woooo  laugh 
fml i wish my camera wasn't broke :[
ahhh such a lazy day  confidential 
self reminder  redbull give aways at admin tues @ 8 haha  laugh 
you are lame  
ahhhhh i love the taste of coffee in the am   whats happened to me?!
i love thunderstorms!! is anyone still going to the final fling?
lazy sundays  laugh 
has anyone else not seen <propfemale> in wonderland yet and would like to go see it?  smile 
wheres the faculty of science building??
ahh no credit!!
<propfirst> please don't rain tomorrow!!!
only 30 more days left in australia!!! time goes by way too quick! excited for state of origin tonight  laugh 
vivid <propfirst> & chinatown night markets tonight  laugh 
anyone have any ideas about australian asian relations? stereotypes? culture? etc  wink 
i need a lightbulb!
wishes i could clarify my thoughts so i could get this stupid essay written!
"\who loves orange soda\"" \""kel loves orange sode   i do i do i do surprise ohhhh\"""""
ugh when will <propfirst> stop raining! :[
i wanna play board games!!!!  laugh 
time goes by way to fast  only 22 days left in oz!
rain ruins my plans every weekend! won't the sun come out!!!
i need lots & lots of sleep!
super low on credz  sad 
enjoyable white chocolate chai && now back to studying drugs
film festival until june 14 if anyones interested in going let me know! also anyone interested in going to melbourne? in the next couple weekends?
one exam down!! opera house tonight  laugh !
2 finals & 16 days left till i'm back to vegas!
"\i dont like having my photo taken    because cameras steal my soul\""    \""i liked you better before i met you\""   """
stupid fire alarm just ruined my morning! stayed up all night for an exam to be rescheduled  fml 
where has the time gone?
sad face 
2010 is officially half over  where has all the time gone?!
looking for an iron 
happy 4th of july!! : )
"what is up with that like, dislike, confession, first impression thing that's on everyones facebook?"
reek like beer   attractive    i know 
no credit already :[
22 days until home  only a month and half late  & almost a month to my birthday! warm weather sounds lovely right about now!  smile 
cold  cold  cold   think warm thoughts  hot sun    mind over matter is definitely not working 
long reef  smile 
i miss my dogs 
so sleepy  but time for work!
melby tix finally booked!! can't wait  laugh 
"you may say i'm a dreamer, but i'm not the only one"
go away you stupid cold 
i don't think time has ever gone this fast   12 more days till im vegas bound
phone is gone  sad 
melbourne bound t minus 12 hours  laugh 
had the best few days travelling great ocean road  finally till melbourne!!  laugh 
"phone is back working, please text me ur <propfirst>  laugh "
"will finally be home thursday! excited to go back, but sad to leave "
goodbye australia   
i lost people's <propfirst>  give me a text with ur name so i can have them please  (vegas)
why am i wide awake at 7 am?! damn time zone change  sad 
so over jet lag  sad 
& the job searching begins     
love true blood! finally nice to actually watch it on tv now or to not have to download it  love 
\and this is why my eyes are closed, \75b0bc99a7484adbb0a08fcc2eb32abd,what club should i go to for my 21st? suggestions xx
seriously  i finally get better  & now i'm sick again  wtf?
"relieved i only have uni monday, wed, & thurs this semester! bring it on!"
not excited for the first day of a long semester!
love entourage  had no idea there was a season 7  damn oz being so behind on tv 
can't wait till sunday  smile ) will be finally legal!
anyone want to donate blood with me tomorrow or thursday sometime between 11-3 @ unlv  smile )
how can someone not fall asleep to radiation biology? damn 3 hour classes   sad 
does anyone please know how to replace the screen on my iphone as soon as possible? or at least a 'smal philips screwdriver' i can borrow?
tonight is the start of the best weekend with the best people  love 
10 more hours  smile )
officially & finally 21 in las vegas  guess it couldn't get it any better than that eh  
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! i had a lovely time  smile )
& now it's time to focus on myself
i love having a frozen <propmale> <propfemale> in the summer  love 
"who's interested in  lavo in the palazzo on thursdays for rock `n roll wine lounge  \happy hour open wine bar is from 6pm to 9pm??  smile "
i forgot how much time studying takes  that's what i get for taking a 6 month vacation  sad 
why am i always craving sushi at night?!
"watching way too much tv   but lovin it! 90210, gossip girl and weeds!!"
love awkward moments 
why can't i get my voice mail to work on my iphone   anyone know how to resolve this problem?  sad 
who wants to go to san gennaro festival this week  smile  ?
lame 
san gennaro!!  smile 
tao!!  smile 
studying on saturday  extremely lame   
missing <propmale> tams  my study snack  
i hate managerial accounting & stupid connect problems 
craving sushi for lunch   
wish it was already snowboard season   
can't wait till next week when i don't have exams to study for!!
"first exam of the week out of the way, feels good  smile "
bears!!!  smile 
"the best moments are those nights that weren't supposed to happen, but they change everything in the best of ways  love "
two down    one to go
i need some good luck  
could use a sneaky drink right now
this weekend should be good  smile 
wants a work out <propmale>!!  smile 
what's goin on tonight?
epic fail    
go bears!!
let's see how well i study in the library for once   
i like it on my dresser 
loving the weather    finally feels less like summer  smile 
amazed that i can still parallel park  smile 
what is all the hype about <propmale>?   
"\we could build a castle in the air\"" : )"""
my favorite part of waking up super early for clinicals is that i get to see the sun rise  smile  and i actually get to be at a clinical 
so excite i got an iv started  smile 
tao   <propfirst> kardashian's birthday event  smile 
lost stolen phone  sad 
what's a good brand for a windows laptop?
i need phone <propfirst>!!!
i would buy a case for my phone that is imposssible to remove  fml 
anyone craving sushi today?  smile 
study!!  sad 
fml
thinking mt charleston sounds good on friday  time to go see some green  smile 
loving my life right now  smile 
it's cold  sad 
"so over exams, bring on the weekend!!  smile "
can it be snowboarding season yet  sad 
we'll blast the stereo and we'll drive to madagascar  love 
stoneys tonight  smile 
fuck @<propfemale> urbaniak
just found out i can watch <propmale> on netflix!  laugh ! && happy halloween everyone!!
so seriously    what causes a car to be on fire ?
i can't wait for thanksgiving & a break from exams  love 
i love when i get chocolate in the mail  smile   love 
i'm so over it   
australian dollar is better than the american  
needs a good place to focus & study!!
"\twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did  so throw off the bow lines  sail away from the safe harbour  catch the trade winds in your sails  e playful lore  dream  discover \"""""
it does not feel like monday   cannot wait for 4 hours!!!
love <propmale>!
anyone else have issues with their <propmale> not charging   sad  fml
why do i get cold so easily =[
oh how i hate tourists
"hate when i can't fall asleep and i gotta be up in about six hours    on the bright side, i believe tomorrow would be a good day   smile "
had the best dinner  smile 
snow jam this weekend  smile    feeling a bit more like snowboarding season already  just wish it didn't have to be cold!
can't wait for thanksgiving  love 
too early for a beer     i think not  smile 
i'm fucking cold    i want a hot tub
no more fun until dec 9th   
is it just me or is vegas actually getting colder winters?
would love a roadtrip somewhere random & fun 
always craving sushi   
hella drunk bitches in the bathroom getting kicked out lol
i love how i imagine everything to be touch screen nowadays     including the icemaker on my freezer ha
so stressed about finals  annoyed 
can't wait till tomorrow night  laugh 
finals are finally over!! time to celebrate  smile 
#324 your amazing! i miss you so we need to <propfemale> out soon!! like this weekend now schools out ha let's go snowboarding this winter  it'll be <propfemale> much fun  smile 
i'm in need of a hair stylist   anyone know of a good one relatively cheap?  smile 
las vegas would be a million times cooler if it was built next to a beach!!
brianhead tomorrow! so excited  smile 
"\ i need beer so it doesn't hurt when i fall\"" bahaha love you  brianhead!  laugh """
first time for everything  keys locked in car  sad 
pretty sure i have the best brother  smile 
beer!  smile 
"sometimes i wish life could be a bit easier  more black and white  a lot less grey, and definitely a lot less distance  annoyed \"
<propfirst> tomorrow  can't wait  smile  anyone else heading up there?
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
ugh why does it have to be so <propfemale> in the mountains  sad 
hot tub please!!!
all things must come to end  time for 2011 
thanks for making me laugh these last couple of nights! miss you <propfemale> nayder
boarding this week  love  love my life!
words with friends! add me meeesh07
i'm in love!
http annoyed  news blogs cnn com 2011 01 13 no-your-zodiac-sign-hasnt-changed 
i'm gonna go to the gym tonorrow
it's going to be a busy week!!
what happened to it's a grind  sad 
snowboard roadtrip!!! woot  smile 
soooo exhausted  can't wait till friday  smile 
start of my spring break   loving my life  laugh 
