3c164987dcd2f7047eb5d78ead1d7c78
new years resolution: be more social     lol 
oh the weekend  
has to study because she didn't do crap on the weekend                
didn't do so hot on the govt test   
loves the piano on halo    
"break, then on to homework! joy!"
procrastinating  annoyed 
has numerous quizzes to take     
has to do 6 quizzes that take at least 30 mins each by thursday   shoot me 
11 days of summer school left   laugh 
3 more to go   
2 more left for today  i'm tired and sick of looking at stupid <propfirst> and how they affect each other   
yes! 1 left  i can't wait to finish this mess
yay! the poems are done   now the quizzes of death   
has so much to do today  
finished quizzes    laugh  now on to the review and study  i hate you economics     
<propfemale> sleep and it's already 5   how am i going to get things done
2 chapters to read and then officially study   i feel like punching someone  
bout to fail an exam   wish me luck   annoyed 
thank you friday!
is melllooooowww 
happy father's day
bout to head to eastfield   
stuuudyyiiing
has quizzes to do   oh my  
"slightly tired, but had a good weeeekend  "
economic quizzes suuckk 7 days left  oh yea!
"3 left  oh so happy, but i need to ace this next test   sad "
needs a hair cut badddd
1 quiz left and studying    i have eco  
glad she didn't wash her car   laugh 
glad she is almost bout to start her summer   
finally eased her tennis withdrawal 
guh  i hate having work to do on weekends   stupid school 4 days left   laugh 
has 2 quizzes left and 5 <propfemale> paper and review to do    but only 3 days left   laugh 
"is writing a paper over something she really doesn't understand, but it's extra credit and she needs it   "
procrastinating    but shouldn't oh well 
studying 
decided not to do <propfirst> for this last test in eco cuz it doesn't matter really   laugh 
be truuue to youuur heart! you must be true to your heartt! haha  98 degrees
was coming in from outside after nhi and <propfirst> left and walked passed my car and a huge ass bug flew past and scared the crap out of me   
crazy weeekend 
no computer week and off for vacation   laugh 
knew this was going to happen but couldn't do anything about it but is pissed
only few days til i return   laugh  i miss <propfemale> 
my mother is crazy   she looks like a clown now   annoyed 
what's the ap psychology summer crap?
headin home! stop at korea and home sweet home 
sleeping weird hours   
has stuff to dooo but lazy   
's a c died downstairs    it's pretty warm in my house   
first season of abdc is always the best   
what kinda abdc season is this? vogue evolution what fruits    no thanks   
has to go to school for calculus and meet the counselor    oh how i dread it  
movie timmme!
hate the school counselors 
losing things and is getting extremely frustrated   sad 
"has chem, study bio, calc and psych stuff to do before school    oh how i hate it "
sting pong is sooo funnny 
feels alil more accomplished in summer hw   
proooocrrastinating
pretty much tired of summer stuff but is close to done   laugh 
only has 5 chem questions left  yuh!
doing homework at cousins house is very distracting   
has tons to do but not really stressed    feels good  laugh 
has stuff too do
finally finished the notes    
too much to do and too many distractions   
writing dc paper  oh how i hate writing papers 
"my weekend consist of homework, homework, and more homework  efff that "
finish my paper  laugh 
"should do things in advance so i have less to do later,but sooo lazy "
just deeply cut her leg from something in her bro's room and hurts like crap 
too much confusion    thank goodness it's friday tomorrow
change of plans    
most definitely did not finish bio notes   annoyed 
too much too doo 
how it dooo
"wow, tomorrow's only thursday?"
now i ain't sayin' she a gold digger   but she ain't messin' wit no broke nigga
 sad 
wants good food  
barrobin       laugh 
yes      laugh 
 sad 
glee makes me happy  laugh 
likes how satisfying it is to understand something ha 
friday!
is tired 
the weather is amazing 
getta write a paper   booo   
hates how they are making movies out of every book imaginable   
"yuuuhhh, <propfemale> is going to be on glee "
very very veryyy hungry!
should relax but just can't make herself relax   
relax time with glee      
nap time 
had a strange weekend   
sleep til noon   laugh 
feels crappy
derm project      almost done
laundry  annoyed 
buuusssy 
"\these are my confessions\"" -- stuck in my head    """
whhhaaa? it's only wednesday   
booo chemistry 
suppose to be chilly tomorrow   laugh 
feeling a movie night   laugh 
my headphones just survived the washing machine and dryer    wow 
should go to sleep but doesn't want to b c then i have to go to school tomorrow    
one week  
procrastinating   i really don't want to do anything this week 
"\are you questioning my bad a$$ness? \"" lol"""
so hungrry   sad 
tomorrow is dedicated to cleaning my house   annoyed 
yes! it's all clean now   laugh  relaxed with very little homework 
yes! getta sleep in 
doesn't want to care    but it's not my nature to not care     boo 
lol  <propfemale> is pretty clear out and it's only 7 smile 0   
"so glad she kept her old papers, now i don't have to write one for dc eng     laugh "
gotta love tv
"been a good week, surprisingly "
la <propfirst> dooo  
having a goooood day 
movie night!
1 down 2 more to go 
more writing for scholarships? why can't i just submit  boo this 
is debating whether she should half ass this crap or not    
getting lazy  
ughh    printers   
why would you give a test on the day before turkey break    
hoping for some fried turkey
"was going to wake up for black friday, but decided to sleep "
officially done with dc english 1301   laugh !!!
"i am such a nerd, not that i didn't know already   "
i want to be like those freakin ninja assassins that hide in the shadows and pop out of nowhere and cut off your limbs     laugh 
num  pears  laugh 
literally loled when her brother came home with a perm 
let's stop talking about the future and worry about the present    
"doesn't want to wrap presents, sorry kids   annoyed "
sayyy wahhhhttt
i need to stop running into stuff and no i'm not retarded      sad 
super <propfirst> bros on wii   laugh 
i am   sasha fierce is a goooood cd  i likeee 
nuuum  guacamole dip and chips   laugh 
"why is everything on tuesday    seriously, we don't do anything on weekends   "
tik tok tikk tok   
is amazed at how similar cameras are to your eyes 
weather is making me happpy 
shouldn't take a quiz when she is so freaking sleeeeepy
tip #2: double tap
"spring is practically here, my allergies are attacking me   "
screwed    
oh you girls scout cookies are <propfemale> good 
weather = good 
wtf      
going to regret what she just turned in   
hates it when dvr doesn't record your shows 
sleep    
love feeling accomplished 
haha  thanks everyone that wished me happy birthday  laugh 
went to volunteer 3 times this week and didn't get any hours  i think this is a sign   
what the hell happened to our spring weather   
high school should just end because i don't care anymore   
ugh     i'm so stupid sometimes   
"helllll yuh, only 2 weeks of dc eng left "
prom dress --- check! research paper --- definitely not done    
what a leisurely day  love it 
whhhat thhhhhheee heckkkkkkk
"haha, write a paper? study for chemistry test? psychology notes? crazy biology packet? haha  no "
freaking tired of a jacked up printer    just do your job   is it that hard
hate it when my eyes are itchy   sad 
i hope the food's good 
finally done with dc english   laugh !
what the heckkk it's sunday already    ughhh school 
"aww, no different strokes reunion  sad "
"what a hectic, but great day   laugh "
pretty sure orientation is going to drag      
finally back from orientation!! yay!
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood    
naps screw up my sleep pattern   sad 
yay!  laugh 
maybe i should start packing       eh
oh how i miss you home   playful 
lmfao hair battle spectacular 
ughhhhhh exammmsss booooo!
oh how you make me so happy extra credit!  laugh 
my bracelet broke   sad  i hope that doesn't mean bad things in the future 
hellllllll yeah friday!
home!  love 
damn you allergies     
why can't i just register for classes today   being a freshman sucks 
i wish i was as cool as dat huu <propfemale>!!!  smile 
my day just got a hell of a lot better   smile 
"hey, my favorite cousin is <propfirst> nguyen  wink  he's the most awesomest person!"
what a bland day    
"ugh, my voice disappeared "
packing to go back to school makes me sad 
c'mon add drop period!!
helllllll yeah!
ahh  why didn't i go back with my roommate?!
this week sucks 
"ah, this weather is so nice "
d:
i like big butts
i  love  nuts 
my armpit smells funny
"ah, finally home   smile  i need to stop leaving my facebook open    "
<propfemale> nguyen is getting some on the metro bus   playful 
can't believe i got that done in time       
i feel so much better  smile 
earth day!
