6d64a82db2222966823ed6c9ab9989f1
fuck i dont want to go to zkool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i need a gurlfwend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  playful 
is watching rocknrolla !!!  wink 
cant sleep!!!!  annoyed 
i kno way 2 many people here right now tat i didn't kno last year who the fuck r u all!!!! ( smile 
fckk i cant sleep at all!!!!!!!!  annoyed 
@ nuevooo lareeddooo!!!!  laugh 
"tryin to get a job!!!!!!!!!!!!!    \fck  laugh        "
badass yesterdayy!!  wink 
"hey    raul , <propfemale> wuzz here  smile   playful "
think have a lil' crush!!! f!!k she hot  playful 
spam spam spam haha hacked  smile  by <propfemale>  playful 
just got out of mi house        i think im goin 4 a run!!!!!!!  laugh 
this weekend is goin to be f-up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  playful 
partiiie  laugh 
im so hungry!!!!! :<
waitin 4 the weekend!!!!  laugh 
so full       wish i could eat more candies!!!!  sad 
my sister breendiitha lopez marron is so freaking annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  annoyed 
"ohhhhhhhhhhh, wow this day was not what i e playful ected!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  annoyed "
oooohhhhhhh  yeeeeeeeaaaahhhhh         moviieee timee                    yyeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
ohhh wow i cant believe im about to do this        cool !!!!!  smile 
i did it n didnt got caught      f yeah!!!!!  laugh 
so down and ready for tomorrow's race    fuuuccccck yeeeaaaah 6 <propmale>!!!!!!!  smile 
finished the 10k on 44th place overall with a time of 46 minutes and 25 seconds     f**k yeah i rock!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i dont want to go to school  annoyed                                                  im not goin !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> you f-ing bully!!!!!!  playful 
gettin out of prision and waitin to go back tomorrow !!!!!  playful 
watching glee!!!  playful 
f yeah 2 and 1 2 days for x-mas break          yeah family yeah      wait wut?? nooooooo'!!!!!!!! annoyed 
"x-mas is here  smile         family, friends and presents        yeyy i love presents!!!!!  playful "
watching the proposal !!!!!  smile 
watching jennifers body!!!!  smile 
is listening to music!  smile 
watching super size me      effing shocking!!!!  surprise 
lost my wallet    again!!!!!!  sad 
found my wallet !!!!  laugh 
is bored to death!!!!! x_x
"is bored out of his mind!!!!!  annoyed  \get me out of here\"""""
is watching never back down!!!  smile 
just woke up!!!!!!!!  surprise 
is doing homework!!!!! what a nerd b)
is a step away from getting 60's in all he's classes!!!!  annoyed 
who else wakes up in the morning and checks their facebook like it's the morning newspaper?    just wondering  laugh 
im sick !  annoyed 
you know your addicted to facebook when you get on your computer to do something totally different and you still end up on facebook 
you are my comfort when i am sick  you hold me and i am safe  and in the morning i would rather be late than leave your side  i'm in love with my bed  laugh 
"rediscovered poetry    it's beautiful   tear, tear, applause, tear  laugh "
good night facebook people!!!  laugh 
is eating oreos and watching the last airbender
celebrating my mom's b-day   happy birthday mom!!!  laugh 
eating cookies!!!!!!
drowning on homework   but who cares lets worry about that on sunday!!!!  laugh 
"\i just want to be succesful\""\",6d64a82db2222966823ed6c9ab9989f1,coming back from the border olympics!!!
night people!!  smile 
got back from <propfemale>'s quince   had a great time happy b-day <propfirst>!!  laugh 
was looking for random music in itunes to put on and ended up in facebook   wow thats called addiction      addiction is good!!!  laugh 
is gonig to bed now before passing out and waking up using the laptop as a pillow again!!!!  laugh 
listening to random music!!!  smile 
"track meet tomorrow      so nervous and hoping to do my best!!!!!  annoyed \wish me luck people!!!!  smile "
bored out of my mind !!!!!-_-
watching shrooms the movie!!!!  laugh 
\i go hard in the mutha fuckin paint nigga\,6d64a82db2222966823ed6c9ab9989f1,"just got back from sweet spot!!!!  smile \men i should've gotten more yogurt than the cup i got    ooohhhhhh yezz i love being such a gordo!!!!  laugh "
finally got some time to chill and just relax      men this week has been crazy!!!!!  laugh 
goin to bed     see ya facebook people!!!  laugh 
school tomorrow   ohhh no how did this happen!!!  sad 
"man where is a natural disaster when we need it    i dont want to wake up early and go to school, hell with that!!!  annoyed "
here in my spanish class hating thr sub!!!  sad 
on my way to the sac for track practice   freaking hot out here!!!!
finally out of practice and away from school but the bad thing is that tomorrow its going to be same all over again    i fucking hate the routine please mom homeschool me!!!!!  playful 
im afraid of making a mistake!!!  annoyed 
time the morning workout !!!!  smile 
it's homework time      nahhh fudge this ima go eat!!!  laugh 
just had some bk and now on my way to school borin place were ppl die of boredom!  laugh 
so fuckin hoootttt today!!!  annoyed 
running late for school!  laugh 
chillin with <propfemale>!  wink 
thank god tomorrows friday!  smile 
baby please dont go if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here    wut the fuck why cant get this song out of damn head!!! >:{
at lunch tryin not to throw up with the nasty food we get here!!!
track meet at eagle pass tomorrow!  laugh 
feels like the space between us its gettin wider and wider every day that goes by and i just dont want to lose you! :' 
at <propfirst>'s club buying groceries!!!  smile 
leaving the sac after watching the one act company perform madea a greek drama   wow you guy are awesome congrats for a great performance!  laugh 
at eagle pass in a track meet just finished pole vaulting and now waiting to go run!!!  smile 
back from my surreal life into reality   men this place is damn boring!!!!!  annoyed 
no school for me tomorrow   ohh yeah!!!  laugh 
watching slumdog millionaire
i hate mornings!!!  annoyed 
getting my measures for my varsity leatherment jacket   ohhh yes!!!  laugh 
what their going to make a playstation phone   thats sick!!!!  surprise 
at my bio class eating kisses!  laugh 
"\get them monkeys off your back and live free\"" -<propmale> miller"""
"movie, track meet, and 5k walk for biabetes this saturday can hardly wait for it     this saturday its goin to be awesome!!!  laugh "
fuck the mornings why cant we just have school at 12 better    more time to hug my bed and pillow!!!  laugh 
lonely!!!  annoyed 
i want an ice cream from @sweetspot !!!
didnt get my ice cream but at least i got go for a smoothie from smoothie king   damn this motha fff good    brain freeze fuck!  playful   laugh 
today feels like wednesday    long day fuck want be back home and sleep!!! -_-
thank you god todays friday now i get to layback and rest a lil   fuckin needed this rest!!!  laugh 
having some reese's pieces and watching zombie land!  smile 
movie time    ima go see rango!!!  laugh 
out to dj's night club with some friends   this night its gonna get better    bsu all night!  laugh 
had a nightmare were she wasnt there anymore!  crying 
damn its chilly out here!!
just pushed a door that said pull   i hate when that happens makes me look more stupid!  laugh 
miss her so much!  annoyed 
in my spanish class!  laugh 
why drink and drive when you can smoke and flyyy! > laugh 
just saw a lil boy flicking ppl off at the park   awww i love lil kids they're like old ppl they can do whatever they want and no one will tell them anything!!! > laugh 
forgot my homework   nahh i'll do it on 1st block!!!  laugh 
uhhh the cafeteria food smells horrible!!! > playful 
fsu!  laugh 
no school for me tomorrow   track meet!  laugh 
here have a dollar and get your self some sense   bitch!!! > laugh 
> annoyed 
on my way to the sac  damn it so hot out here! <:i
im feeling like an addict since i cant live a day without my girl!  smile 
fuck homework im goin to sleep!!! > laugh 
ohhh yeah weekends here!  laugh 
"\a goal properly set is halfway reached \"" \",6d64a82db2222966823ed6c9ab9989f1,bad day to be me    fuck!!!!!  annoyed 
didnt go to school   forgot to set my alarm again!!!  laugh 
loving how everything goes <propfemale> way! > laugh 
"\everybody dies but not everybody lives!\""-drake"""
bim next period   meh! > playful 
at mcdonald's  smile    paahraahhpaahhpaahh im fat!  laugh 
missing my bed alredy! <:'d
i'll have one with lemon drops     please!  laugh 
just got my self some trouble!!!  annoyed 
feeling lazy!!!  laugh 
perfect day to be in the swimimg pool   wish i had one!  laugh 
with an annoying faggo aka o'brian marron!
watching old episodes from jerey shore   the cabz are here the cabz are here lol   love the fact that they're so ghetto!!!
"thank god its only a three day week for school!\ohhh yezzz!  laugh "
"cant sleep   its gonna be a long night and an awful day tomorrow, gonna be so tired!  annoyed \\no more cookies before bed time!!!  laugh "
cereal and o j  time!  laugh 
in spanish playing loteria!  smile 
so effin hot out here   i hate laredo! > playful 
im fucking late because of my family! > annoyed 
at corpus with my team waiting for the track meet to start!
loving someone that doesnt love you as much can be so painful! |':
"leelo en silencio annoyed \diosito\""\",d10046636ae88bdf40dd110d7b9327b6,"great, its sunday  sad "
