937a7f8c181bf9b3b86dc80c27fd6c87
is in need of $8k    
just had and amazing day! i drove an 09 corvette 300+ <propmale>!!! definitely loved the pacific coast hwy!!!
its really sad that a child molester(michael <propmale>) is getting more press than <propfemale> fawcett!
is frustrated by how long the projects in burnet are taking! i just want to get the store open!!!
new full quill ostrich skin boots     if only they were white!!!
"new hyperlite wakeboard bindings: $200, a new gator boards wakeskate: $250, new oakley sunglasses: $125, new ray-ban sunglasses: $135 abercrombie shorts and ruehl tshirts: $300, having a great summer: priceless   lol"
@ the lake today then off to artesia   
"6 boxes of antique books, all from the 1860's to 1930's   thank you grandparents!!!"
turns 21 in 21 days!
is in florida till the 16th!
"got my toes in the water, ass in the sand  not a worry in the world, a cold beer in my hand  life is good today  life is good today!"
is tired from a full day of real estate shopping around seaside    its really frustrating cause i like totally different houses from what my parents do    
10 days!
9 days!
last day in florida   its raining so no beach and more real estate  sad 
6 days!
5 days!!
4 days!
thanks to all for the birthday wishes   i love being 21!
got burnt @ the lake this weekend    
is legen-wait-for-it-dary   legendary   
suits are full of joy  they're the sartorial equivalent of a baby's smile 
whats your favorite coffee drink?
"my newest creation: the bulldog (4 shot espresso, 6 oz steamed milk, white choc, amaretto, topped with cinnamon and shaved bittersweet choc )"
just bombed my amendments quiz!
is starting to hate physics   
my truck is clean   it only took 45min to do    curse my love of mud!
i left my chem hw in my book next to my bed   awesome!
"actually my family has a carbon footprint well over 65 tons of co2 per year   probably more in the 80 ton range because we are in the oil and gas business   but the 65 tons is just calculating 2 houses , 7 cars trucks (the 4 most drivin get less than 18mpg and are drivin in exess of 80,000 mpy), 9 comercial store buildings, a boat and 2 jetskis     i personally have a footprint of almost 18 tons    "
failing physics   aperently ive only turned in 1 of 6 hw lessons    i miss having classes with optional hw!!
<propmale> farve is still one of the best qb's in the leauge! he is <propfemale> much better than <propfirst> rodgers!
"my truck is in desperate need of a good cleaning! it is coated in mud, there is over an inch of mud on my running boards!"
"just remembered i have a lot of physics hw due tomorrow    i should start on that soon, i dont need anymore 0's in that class    crap!"
thanksgiving is the day that all the pokemons taught the jedi how to grow crops!
is pimping <propfirst> gray out too pay off his debt    let the bidding begin!
so i think i need to drop physics    
"future hall of famers: 9 yearly salary: $201,449,289 winning your 27th championship the first year in the new stadium: priceless! go yankees!"
lost my phone! this is day 2 w o it     and i think i might die!
go navy!
found my phone!
wants to buy something e playful ensive     
gator bait!
online banking has given me a new appreciation for exactly how much money i make and subsequently spend   
so my chemistry class has me in a bad mood    
so i want to murder my lab partner!
"so for those of you who are keeping track my lab partner has now cost me points off of each lab write up, 3 hrs of work so i could come home and finish writing up 2 of the labs($10 per hr), and over 24hrs of frustration and anxiety"
so um yeah i basicly need an a on the chemistry final    my life is awesome!
yellow normaly isnt my favorite color but i could get used to a saffron yellow hrm <propfemale>!
"ok seriously why is it freezing in florida??? im ready to go home, at least in texas i can freeze with my friends    "
i'm trying to make a top 10 list    what is your favorite car of all time?
"hey yall guess what, ut lost! so get over it, your bitching is just getting old and no one is gonna give you the national championship for it!!"
black lable and cola
ok so im thinking of buying a bottle of blue lable
going to bed cause i have a 14hr drive tomorrow! but since the parents put in an offer on a real house my next trip to florida will be much better!
"so d e  is the most pointless class i have taken! i literaly will never use anything i'm gonna \learn\""  if i was an engineer it might have some use but i'm not so i dont understand why i have to take this class!"""
why does facebook keep changing?
"cameron: \dude there is a place called copenhagen! is that where copenhagen comes from?\"" me: \""oh my god you are retarted!\"" cameron: \""what? was i supposed to know that already? i kinda want to go there now!\"""""
bullrun premiers tonight @ 9 on speed!
so i cant concentrate on my a-chem hw b c i'm spending too much time on the bullrun forums and facebook     
slowly and painfully putting together some clips for bullrun auditions     i need a graphic design <propmale> to help me    
missed bullrun last night so now i must stay away from the bullrun fourum till i have a <propmale> to watch the episode! crap    
"is really materialistic     its an unhealthy obsession, almost a mental illness   so its a little late for a new years resolution but my goal for 2010 is to get past my materialism    "
"just had the \oh crap\""  moment after my chem test    i didnt do well     """
what obama's name really means: o - one b - big a - ass m - mistake a - <propfemale>
whats with my phone not working?
so i just basicly quit my hotel job    soon i will be one of the jobless wellfare recipiants that voted for obama and are ruining this country     or not cause i have actually have a brain    suck it liberal scum!
"was feeling really bad  about how poor i am about to become without my 2 days a week @ the hotel, then i checked my stock  portfolio    all i can say is  smile "
obama = bigest hypocrite ever
noooo not the red rings of death!!!!! this sucks!!!!
 75 cent sweet tea @ taco casa!!!!!
how did apple stock go up another $13 today?? it doesn't seem physically possible! i wish i had bought apple @ $197 like i wanted too    stupid parents thats $61 per share that i could have made    
"-the  sec had the most players taken among conferences in the draft   behind the  sec’s 49 selections were the big ten (34), acc (31), big 12 (30) and pac-10 (29)  -the  sec has now led or tied for the most selections in the nfl draft for 11 of  the last 13 seasons and the last four drafts "
just got a free pizza from aots!
showing up 15 mis early for class is overrated exept if its @ <propfirst>'s!!!
2 finals on 4 hrs sleep    stupid dogs!
is quite satisfied with an -a on my science & religion term paper! i hope i can do as well on my final!
"space, the final frontier  these are the voyages of the starship enterprise  its continuing mission: to e playful lore strange new worlds, to seek out new life forms and new civilisations, to boldly go where no one has gone before "
bad day for my stocks     it hurts to lose 3 5% of my net worth in one day   
if i got a d in a course do i have to retake it to graduate?
"i just made a bet with my parents, they seem to think i dont have the work ethic to make a 4 0     so i got them to put some money on it, because its \a safe bet\"" they were willing to put up a lot of money    """
\arguing with anonymous strangers on the \,937a7f8c181bf9b3b86dc80c27fd6c87,this is not my day!
"finally stopping for the night! we're not even half way to florida, but i have decided that after 500miles driving my moms <propfemale> that i really miss having one! my new goal is to buget my money and buy an slk by the end of the summer!"
on the road again!
made it through destin    just a few more <propmale> down 30a and then i'm taking a nap!
is in love with the publix in watercolor   soo many microbrews to choose from! this is gonna be a good week in florida!!
ok so the house we're remodleing in florida is going to have a media room upstairs and i want to paint it blue and orange and make it my game day sanctuary but mom says no    this is total crap!
so much for sitting on the beach this week    gotta paint every room in the house!
back to work!
i just deleted a large portion of my past in the form of all of my facebook messages all the way back to 2006    lot of stupid mistakes that are really funny yet really pathetic to read 4 years later!
hmmm    
has anyone had e playful erience with range rovers? all the reviews are either really good or really bad so im wondering what to belive    
<propfemale> trek next generation and cinnamon toast crunch     could my morning possibly get any better??
wonder what are the odds are my parents will like pf changs?
just watched the <propmale> season finale episodes    all i can say is awesome!
"im <propfemale> ready to get home     10 days in florida is starting to get old   dont get me wrong, i love my parents, but i am bringing a friend next trip down here cause im going crazy     i carried on an entire conversation with myself this afternoon cause i was <propfemale> bored      "
"ah louisiana, americas ghetto   "
finaly back in texas!
home at last! driving to fl is a 2 day drive and we just pulled it in 1    never again!
nothing worse than a buch of noobs running @ full throtle ruining the lake!
so i just dropped my phone in the water     so no more cellphone     i'm actually kinda hoping it doesn't come back to life cause i want the htc evo 4g    but i told my parents i would give it till monday to resurect it self   
phone shopping     but i need my sprint account info!
i am soon to be the proud owner of a new htc evo 4g!
ok the old phone is temporarily working     hoping it will make it through the week till my htc evo gets in!
\you're never going to live up to anyone's e playful ectations, so you might as\937a7f8c181bf9b3b86dc80c27fd6c87,is in love with my htc evo 4g!
is tired    
the sec is the best conference   if you don't believe me go look @ the cws bracket    
does anyone know what channel the tcu vs ut game is on??? all i can find is ou   
go tcu!!!!
"\i got kicked off the high school debate team for sayin 'yeah well fuck you' i thought i had won cause the other kid was speechless!\"""""
must get to sleep before 2 tonight! i'm getting in to a bad habit of staying up too late!
"'68 camaro, blue with white stripes, <propfemale> sick!"
not feeling 100% today   
go frogs!!
some towel head decided to leave a bomb in the burnet county court house!
finally leaving for florida    my hope is we only drive half of the 16 hr drive    atleast i talked my parents into going the quick way through <propmale>    
"a little over 4 hours in and we're already through houston   this is fairly good progress, we should be able to make it most of the way through louisiana today!"
stopped for the night somewhere east of baton rouge   
finally to destin     only 20 more <propmale>!
just made it to the florida house!
just got stung in the <propfemale> by a hornet! fml!
starting to question my sanity     
and on the 5th day there was sunshine    
the sunshine was short lived    it started raining just as i was headed to the beach  annoyed 
pf chengs with the padres    
sometime i wonder if i should start saying the things on my mind    
"its 5, i need a beer break!"
<propfirst> <propmale> black is not the best scotch in the world but tonight its what i have and i'm not complaining    
"my parents keep changing their minds, now they're saying we're not headed home till thursday!  annoyed "
someone stole my mountain bike from the front porch of our rental unit     i'm 95% sure it was these frat boys from uga who were staying next door  annoyed 
does anyone know anything about engine swaps?
what is the one thing no vacation wouldn't be complete without? an afternoon with a real estate agent!
"\just know the only reason your beating us is beacuse our best athletes are busy playing real sports\"""""
"finally on the way home    somewhere in alabama i think, these crappy states all look the same so we could be anywhere between florida and texas    "
home!!!
"first thing i find out after being out of town for a week   the state farm adjuster has never been by the body shop to look my truck, so its still not repaired!"
i can't get my rental car till 530  annoyed 
"found out that i have the rental car for atleast 4 more days    fortunately its a fun car, i didnt realize how much i missed rwd, even in a big car with a v6 i manage to have some fun!"
not to gloat but i have a touch screen phone that actually uses 4g and isn't being recalled because of a <propmale> designed flaw! take that iphone 4 owners!
finally got the case for my phone!
just got my truck back!
so mom has decided i'm going to <propfemale> cordon b<propfemale>u in <propfirst> after i graduate    
defensive driving class today  annoyed 
ok im not really an old spice fan but i am open to buying old spice body wash if they keep making those commercials! they never get old! and to all the other companies who make horrible adds: thats how advertising is supposed to work!
so today is the last day of the x-games and first day of shark week! i don't think i even want to leave the house today!
"i feel like #?*!\don't give a ____ and a whole lot of other choice words i can't say    "
can't decide what to do! part of me feels like i should go to florida    but i don't really want to go!!!
tebow and harvin were probably the best duo in college history    i hope some nfl gm gets them together someday!
just got arby's! i wish there was one in kville!!
got a cold    this sucks!
feeling like the flu    
there are no words to describe this feeling!
in need of a change     
getting the boat back today    only problem is yesterday was like my last <propmale> to use it before school starts!
krugerrand!
"good day! didn't have to go to new mexico! got to go out on the boat, and landed a shove it on my wakeskate! thanks for all the birthday wishes!"
"finally broke down and got a twitter account, not really sure why   "
"first day of class, wanna skip both of them     "
"listening to the \tapping into the chemistry of beer and brewing\"" webinar through acs   """
"so apparently facebook is getting ready for another round of pointless changes that no one wants, hopefully this time they at least fix 1 or 2 of the massive privacy issues    "
just realized my xm subscription is up  sad 
"college football tonight! southern miss @ south <propfemale> kicks off @ 6 smile 0, this means all is right with the world at last!"
my schedule is crazy this semester     i really wish i was taking a psyc class! too bad i already used up all my electives and put off taking all of the hard classes for senior year! i didn't plan ahead too well  annoyed 
i freekin love my parents! they are absolutely amazing and they have worked <propfemale> hard so that they can do some crazy awesome stuff!!!
"<propfemale> many good games today! miami oh florida gators gators at 11 surprise 0, ucla @ ksu at 2 smile 0, orst @ tcu football 6:45, and end the day with nc vs lsu!"
"ptsd: post tebow stress dissorder, the offense isn't working at all against an easy team  annoyed "
"ooh urban is gonna be mad after this game, <propfemale> many sloppy mistakes!"
"sitting at the bar at the bar at the taom, its freekin awesome!"
i haven't actually eaten anything all day and i just realized i may have had too much glenfiddich on an empty stomach   need a burger!
let's go va tech!!!
is anyone else having problems with itunes 10 crashing?
ok so i am definitely gonna sell my truck! i decided that today on my way to kville    fingers crossed it sells quick!
"captain slow: whats yours?\jezza: phobia? <propmale> labor, you know that!"
"bad start to the game, not looking like a top 10 team!"
"im not sure who we need back more: wright, haden, and <propfirst> strong; or tebow and hernandez, and maurkice pouncey    "
"well its nice to see the acc is still crap, va tech lost to <propfirst> <propfemale>, fsu is getting hammered by ou, and miami isn't having any success against ohio state! boise beating va tech doesn't look like such a power win anymore!"
"damn, only got an 88 on my spanish test  annoyed "
<propmale> jobs needs to either fix itunes 10 or die a slow and painful death!
physics test    crap i forgot to study   
"hahaha my first e playful erience with someone who was really high, and of course because this is burnet it was almost definitely meth   that lady was crazy! she came in because she wanted to look at the pretty colors in the stained class, and then she touched almost everything that was shiny!"
"game time, +100k hostile fans at neyland stadium! lets go gators!!"
first half was not great    
atleast tcu football can score points    
the florida gators really needs a new offensive coordinator!
"<propmale> tebow for the touchdown    oh wait, <propmale> <propmale> for the touchdown!"
"\just change the 3 to a 5 and we've seen this play before\"" verne lundquist"""
"i just realized that i let 30,000 rewards points e playful ire on my <propmale> card! fml!!!"
physics lab is murder! i just want to be done!
"that's it i'm moving to ecuador after graduation, gonna get a beach compound and live out my dreams   "
"vodka, coconut rum, coors light, and tokyo drift   epic"
dad just called and told me that i have to drive to burnet because someone broke into the store and i have to meet the po-po   that sobered me up quickly!
"i wish we had a big comfy chair here, but since we don't i think i may pass out on the floor while i'm waiting to hear back from the carpenter      "
"today is giving me a good taste of what my parents go through running their real estate empire   since they are out of town i'm having to coordinate everything, 2 of our 4 buildings on the square in burnet got robbed (our store plus one of our renters) the guy only got about $60 plus 2 checkbooks   the guy had to have been retarded! but he managed to do quite a lot of damage   i'm thinking in the +$2k range!"
i want to be <propfirst> <propfemale>! he's freekin awesome!
anyone wanna go to <propmale> tomorrow??
this car is amazing!!!
"it's easy to be the #1 rush defense when the best team you have played all year is known for their air raid offense    but when you face a mediocre rushing team you find out just how good your not   oh if you can't tell i'm talking about ut, how humiliating!"
let's go texans!!!
mmmm coffee! brewed super strong just like it should be!
"is the worst procrastinator in history, i'm sitting here wired on caffeine, i have tons of homework due tomorrow and i just re-watched the entire 5th season of himym because i can't concentrate! oh and there is literally nothing good on tv at this hr, and the commercials are really dirty!"
any pre-med or pharmacy majors know what the shelf life on adderal is? i'm hoping more than 6 years    stupid add! i must finish my homework!!
"you know what's sad? <propfirst> vick would have been a hall of fame qb if he hadn't been such an idiot! i'm glad he's a starter again though, he is one of my favorite players in the nfl, i really hope he doesn't f-up this time!!"
tonight is definitely one of those nights i'm going to end up getting 0hrs 0min of sleep    but between the 6 year old adderall and the pot of coffee and the monster energy drink i'm feeling wide awake!
"1 <propfirst> 1:17   \17 to the <propmale> of ages, immortal, invisible, the only god, be honor and <propfemale> forever and ever  amen  #bible http annoyed  j mp admnk3"
my ankle is massive!
"took a nap, feel much better, now its time to finish the pchem problem set    "
when will the misery end? my ankle is still swollen and i have trouble walking and now it feels like i'm getting the flu  annoyed 
<propfemale> i really want a vf engineering supercharger for my s4    
it looks like the ut defense picked up right where they left off last week    
im hating my phone right now    i get like 6hrs of battery life when i'm in burnet! this sucks    
"was just looking at the top gear power lap times and my car is faster than a <propfemale> 911 turbo, a ferrari 575m, and the oh so gorgeous aston <propfirst> vanquish!"
"today is such a nice day, i think i'm gonna take the back way home!"
did a little bit of rally style driving down a dirt road on my way to burnet and now my poor audi s4 is in desperate need of a detail  i don't understand how i got <propfemale> much dirt inside the car!
"realizing that promoting a group page on the new facebook is much more difficult than it used to be, either that or im not trying as hard    but i still remember the <propfemale> days when i had six figure membership across my groups!"
"trick plays are a way to compensate for lack of talent, and <propmale> mi<propmale> is the <propmale>! he just relies on lucky breaks to win games! i hate lsu!"
this is <propfirst>'s game!
bad throw  annoyed 
for the first time in my entire life i fell below the poverty line on my personal income lol
"while i'm on the topic of poverty lines, i am trying to talk my mom into buying a house in either bar harbor or kennebunkport    2 towns full of people who have never heard of the poverty line lol"
<propmale> harvin is a beast!!!
wonder how much longer <propfirst> is going to waste time with romo phillips?
"writing and research presentation tomorrow and i can't concentrate on it because of the show <propmale> <propfirst> is putting on against the yankees! 8 innings, 2 hits, no runs!"
hmm some how falling asleep for 2 hrs doesn't seem like its gonna help me finish my presentation    
"epic fail on my computer, i loaded a bunch of websites for research for my presentation, well while i was napping my computer restarted so now i have to go to town in search of internet    fml!!"
"suited up, and it was legend-wait for it-dairy!"
not feeling well  annoyed 
ok so my new hero is <propfirst> dunst   
went all in on a <propmale> high flush after pulling a 7h on the river    little did i know that 7 made the other guys full house    
ah high-school football   it has been far too long old friend!
go vikings!!
<propmale> harvin!!!!
"ok <propfirst>, its the 4th quarter, your in green bay, down by 4   time to work your magic    or atleast stop throwing ints!"
glad the florida gators spent the last 2 weeks tweaking the offense!
"will \the thrill\"" hill!"""
"dear mr obama, the nation isn't saying we haven't seen change, the nation was trying to tell you that we don't like the changes you've made!"
"i know its just vandy, and they are basically useless, but i think florida gators have fixed the offense    41 points is not bad for 30 <propfemale> of football    "
geaux lsu!
where does <propmale> <propmale> come up with all these bs plays?
"so just realized i have a p-chem test tuesday, physics test wednesday, and then tests thursday in both writing&research and spanish   "
who would have ever guessed spanish would be easier than physics    
dibs
feeling a suden urge to race    anyone up for a challenge?
"<propmale> 26:4   \4 trust in the lord forever,for the lord god is an everlasting rock  #bible http annoyed  j mp cg93kg"
sometimes i just want to skip ahead 10 years    or at very least 5    
well today sucks    
a good long drive down a road that thankfully had no cops and lots of curves does wonders for ones mood! i feel 1000% better!
<propfirst> debose to the house!!!!
"hmm i believe that the florida gators needs to do something different with the qb rotation    like let <propmale> <propmale> throw the ball to keep the defense from stacking the box every time, everyone knows <propfirst> brantley isn't a run threat so make them realize someone else is a pass threat!"
the florida gators need a new offensive coordinator!
"so my car is \limited\"" to 155 however i just hit 167 before i had to slow down for a corner   another 1 4 mile and i'm sure i could have maxed out my 170 speedo!"""
if <propmale> addazio is still the florida offensive coordinator on monday i'm switching my favorite team to tcu!
wow the cowboys are winning!
<propmale> tebow rushed for a td and now just threw his first td pass!
"had 4 tests last week, i got 3 c's and one b  annoyed "
"guess i can check \get singled out by a comedian\"" off my bucket list    although technically i guess it was more like \""coupled\"" out    good times!"""
whoever messed up the gc should just kill themselves     i've spent 2hrs trying to burn out whatever crap they got in it and have made no progress!
"guess i should go back to being a cowboys fan, <propmale> phillips is gone and <propfirst> romo isn't starting     "
"the things you year in a hospital waiting room \we could have had a camaro   but we had have a kid instead!!\"""""
"guess i can't say nothing exciting ever happens in kansas city, tonight is ksu vs duke, a possible preview of the national championship? i hope so!"
feel like this is gonna be a long week    
ut finds new ways to amaze me every week    i can't imagine <propmale> will be the qb next year    if he is then i mourn for my friends who are ut fans!!
"as much as it pains me to say, cam <propmale> looks like a heisman trophy winner today!"
well now there is only 1 thing that could keep cam <propmale> from winning the heisman: proof he got paid to go to auburn   
"went to bed when boise st was up 24-7 at halftime, so you can imagine my surprise when i woke up and heard they lost! 'bout damn time!! go tcu football!!!"
game time! florida gators at florida state seminoles!!!
please help the florida gators and support this cause: fire <propmale> addazio
"sometimes i wish i wasn't an only child, this is one of those times!!!"
"tcu football moving to the big east is a bad move!!! the big east is a weak conference, and the mountain west is getting stronger! pit is the perennial power of the big least and they lost to utah who got crushed by tcu  the big east doenst have a single team worthy of a bcs bowl! and with boise and <propfemale> moving to the mountain west it is a much stronger conference than the big east!!"
so i woke up to a pot of fresh starbucks coffee and hot scones in the oven    its times like this when i love living at home!!
this is going to be a long and miserable weekend!!!
never thought i'd say this but boomer sooner!
so everyone knows i'm an sec fan but i hate cam <propmale> and by extension auburn   so it hurts me that i can't in good conscience pull for the sec champion to win
can it be thursday already?
"so i can write a fb status update that is \too long\"" yet i have writers block on my 10 <propfemale> research paper??? this is bull shit!!"""
"its amazing how just hearing the right song can ease your mind, therefore allowing you to get past the writers block that has killed your progress for so long!"
hmm at ~1 <propfemale> per hr i still have ~7 hrs left    i need to pick up the pace   
"considering i got no sleep last night, today has gone quite well  smile "
yeah short nap didn't help    
"been awake for 45 of the last 48 hours     screw school, im never doing this again!!"
we will miss you urban meyer! but moving forward <propfirst> mullen should be the next coach of the florida gators!!
is it weird that in the last 2 months i've grown to despise weekends?
everyone knows that after the <propmale> bush scandal you have to pay your players the same way you would make any other under the table payment: in cash or with gold coins   they will probably never have any real evidence on cam <propmale> till his dad gets greedy dumb and tries to move $200k in krugerrands   
store is sloww    its gonna be a long day     can it just be tomorrow already??
"who would have thought the florida gators would hire will muschamp?? on one hand its like kicking texas while they are down, so i like it! but i really wanted <propfirst> mullen to be the next coach!"
my semester is officially o-v-e-r! guess now i just need to pray i got atleast a 2 5  annoyed 
first d of my life! thank you dr distel    
headed to sa for the gre!
just got home   long day!
feeling creative     
tebow is starting today   wish i could watch!
why is the 15 day forecast for central texas warmer than florida    not fair that it gets cold down there just when i have to go!! screw global warming!
"it is morally wrong to compare cam <propmale> to <propmale> tebow! <propmale> may be a great football player but he is not tebow! the ncaa never had to investigate anything tebow did, and <propmale> can't go 5 <propfemale> without cheating, stealing, lieing, or getting paid    he's is the type of person that keeps negative stereotypes alive!"
the high today is supposed to be 58  annoyed 
ready for friday! wow i haven't said that since october    and i'm looking forward to school starting back   only one semester to go and i just want to get it started!
worst call ever! a salute is not excessive celebration! that was pure horse shit!!
well tennessee is playing their usual dirty football! they are a disgrace to the sec!
referees should either always call excessive celebration on every play or never at all! there needs to be consistency!!!!
did anyone else notice all the bad calls today were made by big 10 officials   maybe they aren't used to seeing really football!
nebraska got what they deserved!
"how do you spend a 3 hour lover in <propmale>? with beer, chips & salsa of course!"
"observation about airport security: if you look like a reasonable, conservative human being then tsa doesn't pay much attention to you    if you look like a terrorist then you deserve to be patted down and searched!! if you don't like being given a through search every time you fly then shave your disgusting beard and buy some clothes that don't make you look like a unibomber   "
let's go arkansas!!
the arkansas receivers suck    
geaux tigers! show'em what the sec is made of!
who dat gon beat dem bayou bengals? sec domination continues!!
"i'm torn!! i really like oregon, and i hate auburn    but i love the sec    and i would love to see it be 5 straight for the best conference!!"
"upset, sick at my stomach   and ready to be home    "
today has not gotten of to a good start  annoyed 
definitely should have started thinking about my senior project before the first day of my last semester    
nothing like ignoring a stock tip and then 4 months later realizing that stock has gone up 40% while the stock that you had thought about selling has gone down    add that to the list of missed opportunities   
fun goal for 2011   make myself completely ambidextrous   
apparently somebody is wanting to put in low income housing in burnet   interestingly i was under the impression that most of burnet was already low income housing    
long day of cleaning   but it was necessary! i found clothes in my closet i know i haven't worn since middle school! i sorted out half my clothes to give away and still have a full closet!
the <propmale> rule over the poor; and the borrower is slave to the lender!
long day! is it sunday yet? i'm ready for my parents to leave for florida so i can have 2 weeks of peace and quite with no parents to make things difficult    
just joined the american society of brewing chemists!
power outage   really? why does shit like this always happen when my parents go to florida  annoyed  oh and its 14 on our back porch   so it is really about 8-9 with a windchill well below 0!
cap came of my dp and soaked everything in my bag and my leg   its one of those days! i'm tempted to just go home   not that i could actually make it home with no wallet and no gas   
finally found my ipod after 2 months   
audi commercial was awesome!!!
"wings, ribs, turkey burger sliders, venison sausage, cream cheese stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon,  scalops wrapped in bacon   and lots of beer! awesome!!"
eminem is such a sellout   screw chrysler!
i should have paid more attention to the weather   i thought the cold front wasnt coming in till tomorrow   this sucks!!!
definitely enjoying this semester of spanish! my gpa needed a class like this!
philippians 2:6
my phone died    it was plugged in charging and then all of a sudden it wont do anything   this sucks!!!
"1 thessalonians 5:16-18   \16 rejoice always, 17 pray without ceasing, 18 give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of god in christ jesus for you  #bible http annoyed  j mp glrarz"
"\negotiating with terrorists is for democrats!\"""""
p-chem 2   
just lost all the respect i had for <propmale> <propmale>    
"wow! a 5'10\ white guy? that was awesome!!!"""
want a little more right and a little less left    words to live by!
