44fd992d799da81b95775358148104ee
"went out to see cirque du freak: the vampires assistant tonight, i thought it was pretty good, hope to see a sequel "
just had a mukade fly out at me from my air conditioning 
has insects all over the house and doesn't even know what they are 
"harddrive broke in my desktop, waiting for hp to send a replacement "
"first my toilet breaks, and then i find another mukade in the house, what next?"
"well i was right, as i look up from my bed i saw a spider about the size of my hand   "
"just got back from seeing the hangover  it was pretty good, but i can't wait to see g i  <propfirst> next friday "
"just got back from a day at nagasaki, it was a very educational trip through the nagasaki atomic bomb museum  after that we stopped by the cocowalk, then toys r us, before ending up at chili's for dinner "
"omg talking to hp's tech support (located in <propfemale>) is like pulling teeth  i called in to make sure i wasn't going to get charged for the lost order they sent me, and i went through 2 representatives and it took nearly an hour  they then wanted to create a 3rd order for the same thing   "
"hard drive finally came in the mail  got it installed and now in the long process of restoring it to factory settings, then upgrading from vista to windows 7, reinstalling all my games, and theres probably more i can't remember now "
"had a great day today! spent all day with <propfemale> and <propfemale>, won $300 on a slot machine, tried a new place to eat, and played in the park!"
just got home from getting family pictures taken  <propfemale> did amazing!
"facebook is going crazy on me, i refreshed the <propfemale>, and it tells me its in english (us), but its definitely all in japanese  interestingly, it automatically adds ?? to the end of everyones name "
"well, i got in my first little fender bender  i was stopped behind another car and decided to make a right at the light, so i went to move into the turning <propfirst> in the middle of the road when the rear of my car hit the rear bumper of the other car  i tried to straighten out too early    "
"its really getting cold over here, wonder how we're gonna keep warm all winter "
happy new years everyone! i wish you all a wonderful 2010!
"well, i was looking forward to watching the prop 8 trial on youtube, but the defenders of the ban on marriage successfully stopped all broadcast of the proceedings on youtube by arguing that witnesses would be subject to harassment and intimidation — exactly what the lgbt community has been subject to for centuries "
"working on rearranging my living room  not quite going according to plan, have to improvise "
"going to bed early tonight, and waking up extra early for the launch of <propfemale> trek online, should be fun  smile "
"going to nagasaki the 14th - 15th for the lantern festival, its going to be lots of fun!"
"taking a break from swapping my living room and my guest room, can't wait to see how good it looks when i'm done "
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! i'll try and get back to each of you individually as soon as i get a <propmale>  we're preparing for our flight to san <propmale> tomorrow, we'll be around until the 11th "
"on the bus on our way to the fukuoka airport, we should be there by 10 smile 0 then we have to sit around and wait for our flight at 2:20 "
"just finished eating lunch at the airport, now we need to find a way to waste two more hours "
"stole my moms phone, at the airport with my mom and father-in-law waiting for our 10:45 flight  life will be back to normal soon and i'll be catching up with people when i get back  sorry to all those i didn't get a <propmale> to visit with, we were pretty busy this whole trip "
"wow, i just changed my facebook language from english to english (pirate) and it is pretty amazing, everyone should try it out, anyone going to stick with it though?"
"just got done with 45 minutes on the treadmill, hope i can keep this up, my heartrate seems to go too high too easy though  sad "
"i can't believe in the matter of just about a week, 6 of our friends family have left japan! i wish we all had more time to <propfemale> out and do something  hope you all enjoy it back in the states! we'll be back in just over a year! in the mean time, anyone coming out to visit us?"
"damn i hate spiders  spotted one the size of my iphone, maybe a little larger, creeping across the floor just as i was thinking of going to sleep  woke up <propfemale> and we managed to hunt it down  spiders just shouldn't get that huge    "
"this must be insect week at my house  first was the huntsman spider, then a japanese beetle, then a mukade (who escaped), then another mukade the next day (hopefully the one that escaped previously), then a baby mukade, and now a roach  i'm getting pretty tired of this   "
"after deciding hey! i'm going to go beat halo 3 on legendary, i now remember how much i despise halo, right now i'm glad i passed on odst and reach "
"woke up, fed <propfemale>, 4 minutes till game time!"
"well, just a little over 24 hours later, still awake, probably heading to bed soon for a couple hours  24 hours of gaming is harder then i thought  hands, arms, neck all sore  not really too tired though "
"the final total of the fundraiser wont be known until november 15th, but as it stands extra life has raised $417,291 for the childrens miracle network! this blows away both previous years, 2009 being $170,000 and 2008 being $120,000!!!"
"it\ was thursday, august 28th 2008, that i started using the weight watchers \plan  i weighed 267 2  at first i lost weight, i was happy and i stopped\ tracking, since that time i gained and hit around 280, possibly even \close to 290  i'm trying to get back on track now, i've been keeping \better track of my points and using sim-fast and am now down to 261 and \counting"
at the theater about to watch easy a  hope it's as good as it looks 
happy thanksgiving everyone! hope you all have a happy holiday!
in one week i go from conjunctivitis->gastroenteritis->laryngitis  whats next?
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the goal: until monday\ (december 6, 2010), there should be no human faces on facebook, but an \invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against \children  join the fight against child abuse "
we are freezing our butts off after a 3 shot lightning storm took out our power and left  now we are waiting for japanese power company to come fix it  i hope they speak english and can find us in the dark 
i wake up to the house being 9 degrees celcius  an hour later we are up to a toasty 16  sad  i'm sure glad we're moving 
the internet guy just ran off with my cable modem! we get internet at our new home on wednesday though  4 days isn't that bad 
last day up in funakoshi-chuo  time to clean up this place for the last time and have it ready for the movers 
finally got things tidied up a bit and everything unplugged and disconnected  movers get here in just under 8 hours and i'm off to bed 
the movers pack quick  they've taken one break and <propfemale> working almost 3 hours and it seems like they're almost done!
"well got the cable and internet hooked up, only problem is i'm still missing some cables for hooking up the computer and router "
"well, i figure this to be the quickest way to distribute my new address to everyone who wants it and those who don't  address is now as follows   \psc 485 box 288\fpo, ap 96321"
"its christmas <propfemale> morning, we're all excited for tomorrow, but we'll have to wait till the afternoon to really celebrate since <propfemale> has work "
<propfemale>'s christmas cookies are freshly baked  i hope he enjoys them! <propfemale> christmas to all!
it just hit 2011 about 20 minutes ago here in japan! happy new years everyone!
"weighed myself this morning and am down to 256 lbs  weight watchers gave me another 5 lb <propfemale>, so so far they have me at losing 11 2 lbs and going "
one day i wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
"if any of you out there are thinking of picking up dc universe online, i'm playing on the virtue and vice server as a hero "
"i've got one 10 day free trial key for dc universe online, is anyone interested in trying it out?"
"i shared a link yesterday and it has disappeared  basically facebook has changed who's status updates you see and it limits it to people you recently interacted with  to see all your friends status updates, go to the bottom of the <propfemale>, click \edit options\"" and choose view all from the drop down box  spread this around so that you can get back in touch with your friends family """
"had an amazing night out with <propfemale> tompkins! we walked the streets of sasebo, found an amazing bar and relaxed for a few hours  she did all the karaoke tonight, but next time i'll join in too!"
"well i got my victory email today! i had a bad e playful erience with customer support over my extended warranty for my computer  they wanted me to get it repaired, make an itemized list of repairs, convert it from <propfemale> to dollars and submit it for a refund  i complained to bbb and submitted a list of demands, now we're getting a brand new computer  smile "
time to go strawberry picking with the family!
well i saw the doctor today about the results for my sleep study  doc says i have sleep apnea and my two choices are lose weight or die  not much of a choice right?
i got my appointment for my next sleep test  apparently someone canceled so they fit me in on the 25th of this month  i opened up the message i'm suppose to give the sleep clinic and apparently i have severe osa (obstructive sleep apnea) with an ahi (apnea-hypopnea index) of 55  i can't wait to get this cpap machine so i can e playful erience a good nights sleep 
"i'm looking at degrees i can work on  my top choices are business administration, general business, human resource management, supervision and management, or psychology  yes i know, one of these degrees is not like the others, but idea's? suggestions?"
just relaxing after a 30 minute workout with ea sports active 2  workout number 5 and burned 300 calories  next workout is tomorrow (hopefully i remember earlier in the day this time and not after midnight) 
"got in another good workout today with ea sports active 2, another 220 calories burned and i now have the next two days off  next workout is on monday "
"workout number 7 with ea sports active 2  burned 234 calories  i'm surprised how much easier it was today, i thought for sure after taking a weekend off it would be hard all over again on monday  guess i was wrong "
"ea sports active 2 workout number 8     first off 204 calories burned  second off, it was damn hard today! what the heck? yesterday i e playful ect it to hurt and it was amazing, so i get excited for today just for it to be worse than i was e playful ecting yesterday!? oh well, 1 day off then 2 more days of exercise before the weekend "
"ea sports active 2 workout number 9  231 calories burned and another great workout complete! i think the bane of my workouts are jump squats, the two just shouldn't go together "
