6bc9112c33efff8d25f2a7ae32883279
"will probably be asleep at midnight  but for all of you more exciting than me, have a wonderful time tonight and please be safe!"
is crashing and burning   good thing it's friday!
is dreaming of the possibilities   
airan is not letting <propfirst> write on her facebook wall
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"was surprised and is tired  thanks for the great birthday party, everyone!"
can't believe a musically talented pedophile's death two days ago is more important to cnn than the fate of the people of iran 
setting up her new furniture!!! thanks daddy!
just took <propmale> potter tests on facebook  lame 
feels adulthood coming on   
is too tired for fireworks 
is not at church this morning--taking a much-needed day of rest 
is way behind today 
is hiking 
is recovering from hiking 
is getting ready for church  hardest part: waking up the husband  smile 
"\and that's the way it was \"""""
"has realized that the flipside to a <propmale> life full of friends all over the world means that wherever you are, a piece of home is far away  miss you all   "
"great message at church, great bbq at mom and dad's, great dogs napping on floor after lots of snuggling and tail wagging, great husband hanging out in living room  great sunday "
feels too old to be buying textbooks  not that i'm complaining  smile 
is waiting for a change 
is struggling to wake up this morning  so sleepy   
"is waiting to hear back about aj's interview  if they don't pick him, they're crazy "
"wants to be sleepy, but sadly, is not "
wants <propfemale> right now 
"is, as of tonight, a law school student  and appropriately, she has a lot of reading to do "
"is briefing her first case, and getting by with a little help from her friend, dr  j  thanks for being tough in mass com law, dr  <propfirst>, it's paying off now   "
does not believe you can have a contract with god 
misses her news peeps  you know who you are 
"wake up early  bible study  dogs  breakfast  basic grooming  time with aj  work meeting  quick trip to store  meeting follow-up  reading review  school  dinner  more time with aj  kitchen  homework  talk to mom  dogs again  job applications  prepare for house guests  grocery list  more basic grooming  more homework  set the alarm for tomorrow  lather, rinse, repeat "
is stretching her brain  it feels good 
"has torts on the brain  if a little kid pulls a chair out from under an old lady but he didn't mean to hurt her, is it battery?"
would be more interesting if she weren't so darn busy 
's big goal tonight: at least five consecutive hours of sleep 
wants another nap  this is getting crazy 
refuses to quit when god made her to conquer  she thinks that means homework instead of bedtime now 
"got a job offer yesterday and has another interview next week! so no matter what, gainfully employed  and way busier "
"'s husband just got hired as a designer at a newspaper! two days, two jobs for two people  how awesome is that?!?!"
is super extra crazy busy today  but she's not complaining 
just gave two dogs a bath  now she needs a bath  yuck 
wants to sleep  it's not working out 
is opening all the windows to let the breeze into her little house 
loves the rainy weather 
"loves working for the family business  helping her daddy while in her pajamas, hanging out with the dogs, watching old movies "
is trying to get her eyes to stay open 
getting ready for brit's wedding  so excited to watch her get married right where i got married!
l'shana tovah tikatevu!
is obsessed with dr  oz and his web site 
is working  smile 
just found out that two people in her torts class have swine flu  yuck 
is at her best when she is busy  going to keep telling herself that until she believes it 
weekend? what weekend?
"today, <propfirst> is three years old! happy birthday, kiddo!"
"just finished doing a bunch of cooking for her new diet  is tired, will rest now  (rest=homework)"
craving cheese or red meat or soft french bread with lots of butter  or brownies  or any of the other things dr  oz says are not good for you 
is eating broccoli for breakfast 
's brain hurts 
"today is gorgeous  well, at least the walk from the car to the office to the car to the office again was really nice "
drowning in work 
is turning in early  what a day 
has a stuffy nose and will probably snore tonight  super attractive 
one week from the first midterm 
misses <propfirst> miller today 
obama gets the nobel peace prize for not being <propfirst> w  bush  i didn't write the twilight series--pulitzer please!
"wants to sit down without a book in her lap  just trying to muscle through to next thursday, 8 p m "
legal writing? yes  contracts? yes  torts? absolutely not 
"okay, torts, hit me with your best shot  i'm ready "
today is the torts midterm  pray for me 
"thinks she passed her midterm  thanks for the good wishes, everyone "
"okay, enough celebration  time to crank out final details of legal writing final and start getting ready for contracts "
legal writing paper = done  studying for contracts = might never be done 
is fighting the urge to watch glee instead of studying for contracts  it's tough 
"is at work and so cannot study, but can only worry about the fact that she is not studying "
"is finished with midterms  now, to catch up on real life "
is cleaning 
wants a vacation 
took a nap instead of a vacation  now woefully behind on housework schoolwork 
"yeah, i let facebook \interview\"" me  sad  i blame my bad judgment at this late hour """
hopes the rain is here to stay for a while 
"passed her legal writing midterm! one down, two to go "
torts grades posted! passing grade! hooray!
can't remember why she was so worried 
"now it's down to contracts  grade fast, potter!"
"\i like your christ  i do not like your christians  your christians are so unlike your christ \""--mahatma gandhi"""
"is checking to see if her contracts grade is posted every five seconds  it is not posted, and she is pathetic "
contracts grades out  not what i had hoped  thank goodness for my torts grade 
"is married to an old, old man "
is going to her husband's birthday party instead of to class  living dangerously   
is so glad it's thursday  just need to stay alert through 9 smile 0 tonight 
"'s husband cleaned the house, made her dinner and generally pampered her until she fell asleep  great way to end a hard week  smile "
"just handed out <propfemale> to a pregnant teenage trick or treater and her boyfriend  neither were in costume and both had pillowcases  please, if you are old enough to have babies, reevaluate your halloween schedule "
"is waiting for mom's red <propfemale> birthday cake to cool so it can be frosted  we'll try to save you a slice for when you're home this weekend, nanny "
just keeps becoming more and more domestic   
drowning in her own mucus  yuck 
"has, against the advice of many, dragged herself to contracts  already regretting it   "
"is awake, and already in need of a nap  sleepy, sleepy "
"is horrified by the all birth, all morning line-up on discovery health, but she can't look away "
is at school  on a saturday  gross 
can breath from both nostrils and can swallow normally  things are looking up 
is full of mexican food and good company and happiness 
"loves a cup of tea, a good book and a quiet house  none of those things are going to happen tonight  smile "
needs to tape her eyelids open today 
ain't no party like a law school party 'cause a law school party don't stop  or at least it feels like it will never stop 
is doing her best to consume nutritious food and get in a little exercise every day and do school and do work and do my other work and do reading  this would all be much easier if i had an extra hour to squeeze in a nap 
wishes her body could keep up with her brain 
"looks at you and laughs, december 12th "
<propfirst>'s quote of the day:  einhorn: so this is a trespass to chattel (referring to a case where an 'ass' was legally fettered in a roadway) <propfirst>: trespass to the ass 
"thank you, wonders of the universe, for washing my car today  appreciated "
thinking about our family's littlest bird as she flies to europe 
misses her old haunts today 
"is thinking of her graphic chickadees  congratulations on the last issue of the semester, guys! i'll be reading your wonderful work online   "
is suddenly briefing a classmate's detailed case while he <propmale>s down robbers at his house  i would rather <propmale> down the robbers 
has one more really full day to get through before she eats her way through a very long weekend 
half day today?
"loves waking up to happy faces and wagging tails  thanks for the morning greeting, brooklyn and alaska "
has a wonderful life  and now it's christmas  could not be better 
"did not do the morning shop today, since dad and i couldn't find deals that fit our lists  sleeping in was nice, but missed my daddy time "
"'s long weekend effectively ended at 9 a m  today, when she started studying for finals  three weeks of torture, all to get a bunch of c's (or at best, b-'s) on tests  ah, law school "
"is worried sick  thanks a lot, contracts notes "
"put up the first christmas tree in the new house last night, and watched brooklyn figure out that christmas ornaments are not tennis balls "
"just wants it to be december 13th, please "
could use an encouraging alaska howl or brooklyn wag to get through school tonight  when is bring your dog to class day?
's eggo is preggo 
wants to go back to the doctor's office and hear the heartbeat sound again tomorrow  and the next day  and the next day 
can't do contracts review while her body screams eat! eat! sleep! sleep! giving in now   
"contracts, contracts, contracts  torts, torts, torts "
"likes food, but the baby does not "
"has knocked out contracts and crim review  now to torts, the final frontier "
is interrupting her studies to go to work 
is in <propfemale> chico while it snows at home  sad 
is in a finals daze 
just guzzled about 32 ounces of gatorade in about eight minutes  the pregnancy symptom no one talks about: constant thirst!
is waiting for 3 smile 0 on saturday afternoon 
likes all the frost and frozen puddles this morning  the dogs were less enthused 
"is saying goodbye to editor and publisher  if it's dead, how will i find out who else is dying?"
is practicing her butt-kicking skills for finals tomorrow 
"off to take finals  if i don't make it, it was nice knowing you "
"is done, done, done  alive? yes  passing at school? we shall see "
"feels like the rainbow after class today was just for her  storm's over, at least in my life "
likes reading everyone's posts about passing their finals and hopes to see more as the week unfolds 
"bought her first onesie today (fitting wall post, <propfemale>) "
is ready for this first trimester nonsense to be over 
"facebook used to send me ads about textbooks and make-up  now it sends me ads about stretch marks and saving for the baby's college  what the heck, facebook?"
"is working, because her life is an endless cycle of catching up "
"was sick all morning, but rocked out in the car to the beatles and feels better  thanks for the pick-me-up, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> and ringo "
is going to her second prenatal appointment today!
"is readying a million <propmale> deeds for transfer  that's right, a million  i think i'll be missing my bed time tonight "
cleaned the whole house today  all feels right in the world 
is not going to the snow this weekend  sad  but is going shopping with mom and nanny this weekend  smile 
just thought about school for the first time in two weeks and frightened herself back into reality  time to dust off those books 
"keeps poking her belly because as of this week, the baby can feel it and react "
has started obsessively checking the cal northern download <propfemale> again  story of my life 
crim law grade posted--better than i hoped for! now to get through contracts and torts 
"goals for the coming year in order of occurance: 1  don't flunk out of law school   2  become extraordinarily capable and worthy property family business manager  3  <propfemale>, give birth to healthy baby  4  bond with and properly care for aforementioned baby  5  spend more time napping (this goal might be incompatible with all the others    ) "
"usually doesn't do new year's resolutions, but is going for it this year  look out, junk in my trunk  your days are numbered "
wants to curl up and feel sorry for herself  thank goodness she has no time for that nonsense 
yay! contracts grades are out and my grade was pretty solid! i have officially passed one semester of law school!
chris:  i like how connected we stay via facebook me:  i do too  chris:  i can't quit you  and you can quote me on that
feels ready for school tonight 
"loves her husband  thanks for taking care of the car today, babe "
wants it to be august 
white  my favorite one  smile 
"loves all the new jobs, new houses, anniversaries, birthdays, engagements, weddings, babies and various other happiness on facebook as of late "
"was apparently a missing person for several hours today after wires got crossed at work  all is well now, and i've been found again  smile "
is building a baby    registry  or at least starting the process 
is huffing and puffing   whew! totally out of breath 
likes that her most active facebook friends at the moment are people who are in class right now with her 
"spent all day at the spa getting her hair done and getting her nails done and getting a massage and generally being beautified and fussed over, then went on a dinner date, then went on a long walk with the dogs, then put on her pj's and did no housework  thanks for the awesome day, babe "
has to have blood drawn for testing for the baby today  and is a wimp about blood and might pass out  yuck 
has been juiced like an orange  the doctor better have enough of my bodily fluids at this point 
is going to the doctor today and could find out the baby's gender  keep your fingers crossed that the baby doesn't keep its legs crossed 
don't know nothin' about birthin' no babies 
is presenting a case tonight that she has not even read yet  it's going to be an exciting day 
is having a personal breakthrough eating purple skittles just like all the other skittles 
"is feeling baby flutters and has learned from them that the baby is a morning person, reacts strongly to the shower and prefers hanging out on my right "
just had a super secret source (aj) tell her that oprah just landed at the chico airport  oprah!
"einhorn: \so why do we have these three causes of action?\"" daniel: \""so they can make law school harder \"" einhorn: \""right \"""""
thinks the air is unusually thick and unbreathable today  is it just me?
"has chosen a push present  thanks, <propmale> jobs "
"state of apple over, state of the union pending  exciting day in my little nerd world "
"slept through her alarm, through aj leaving and would have slept through work if not for a husky licking her face at 8 surprise 5  thanks, alaska "
"likes freedom of speech, the press, religion and all that jazz "
wants to lay on the couch all day 
"is working, and hates tax season "
just had a dweeby little emotional fit that can probably be blamed on overwork and hormones  now chewing up a handful of baby-safe antacids and resigning to just try again tomorrow 
has no celebrity doppleganger   i can't remember ever being told that i looked like any celebrity  so either i'm an original or i have a face for radio  smile 
had banana bread for breakfast and loves her sister in law 
is praying that class will be short tonight 
"<propfirst>, after hearing a story about a woman whose arm was mangled when she tried to remove a stick from the blades of a running lawnmower: \she got the short end of the stick \"""""
"is still in class  sometimes, when god answers prayer, his answer is \no \"""""
"has registered for a baby she has never met  hope you like modern design, neutral colors and bpa free bottles, little bean "
"prof  koester's rape lecture quote of the night: \intercourse with an unconscious female? bad form \"""""
is cleaning house and waiting for the propane guy 
has a clean house and a tank full of propane 
"working on a saturday  well, kind of  sitting on the couch with mom, checking property info hardly seems like work "
"is sleepy but can't sleep, because she is awkwardly shaped and unable to get comfortable "
is skipping church to spend time with that stranger who lives in her house 
"thinks its probably too early to teach the baby that kicking people is not nice  plus, she's kind of enjoying being kicked, for now "
just met the cutest  puppy  ever 
"does not have a virtual farm, zoo, fishtank or mafia, thank you "
"einhorn: \why is this not a public nuisance?\"" daniel: \""because no one else seems to give a crap \"""""
"is eating a super-yummy sandwich and soup from upper crust, which <propfemale> brought back for her  so sweet  can <propfemale> please come live with me??"
"is so happy she almost can't stand it  another one bites the dust  way to go, bethania!"
"a new koester quote, on dumb criminals: \thank god for the stupid ones \"""""
"dear internet, i know you temporarily lured me to an e playful ectant mothers' web site post board, but i was bored to numbness by that mess  i'm going back to time magazine's and nyt's web sites, where i belong "
"you know you're an adult when you are relieved that it's your day off when you get sick, because \at least you won't miss school or work \"""""
"cnn on in background, dogs sleeping, comfy lounge clothes on, vitamins and breakfast consumed  ready to kick law school's butt "
silent <propmale> flies southwest?
is likely to find out whether she has a son or daughter in her future today!
"is the proud mama of a baby boy! thanks for showing mom and dad the goods, kiddo "
"learned last night that before she was home from her doctor's appointment, relatives hit the stores and started buying in blue "
is showering at work  it's not what it sounds like 
"daniel: \what if you have a pig heart and you have to take your anti-pig heart rejection pills every ten minutes? then can you use deadly force for defense of property?\"""""
"is at her last day of work at bidwell pres  she is sad to leave, frustrated to have to slow down, but kind of looking forward to her free time "
"loves that instead of having to pay out of pocket for a 3d ultrasound, her doctor has ordered one and so now insurance will pay for it "
is just trying to stay awake 
"are you ready for your close-up, drake? because i am so ready to see you "
just uploaded a bunch of ultrasound photos like a super-proud crazy mom type 
is hitting the books!
"having trouble putting her laptop on her lap, which is shrinking real estate thanks to the belly "
no jury instructions for type of defect--failure to warn? i have two very dense products liability pages from einhorn with info for everything except that  am i the only one?
crim law? yes  torts? sort of  contracts? oh no    
knows all the pieces but isn't sure how they fit 
will be at school at around 5 p m  tomorrow to do a last-minute torts cram  all members of the 1l brain trust welcome to join 
thinks she should <propfemale> einhorn for intentional infliction of emotional distress 
"confidence rattled, torts grade shaken, but still in it "
"set a new personal pregnancy record for most days without throwing up (five)  unfortunately, the winning streak has ended  sad "
loves loves loves crim law  and hates hates hates contracts 
is done with midterms 
"will e playful erience her first true weekend in about three months, starting at 5 p m  today "
had hoped that pregnancy allergy voodoo might play to her favor and her hay fever would not show up this year  not so much 
"is back from small group, mulling the discussion "
"is doing laundry, reading criminal law material at a leisurely pace, drinking tea, and occasionally petting one dog with each foot  excellent morning "
"koester, on defendant insanity: \joe killer is crazier than a hoot owl and he's never going to get any better \"""""
"is pleased with the outcome of her midterms  by pleased, she means she passed and doesn't have to think about products liability until the bar "
"91,000 pounds of fresh <propmale> "
has crossed a book off her lifelong reading list  on to the next one?
discovered a love for gardening on sunday afternoon  and discovered muscles she didn't know could be sore on monday  morning 
is shopping in sac with her sister-in-law today 
has to play grown-up tonight instead of playing school 
"is cleaning, cleaning, cleaning "
is gearing up for a busy day tomorrow  can't wait until mom and dad get home 
"is feeling the urge to deep clean, reorganize and redecorate the entire house  clearly, does not have enough to do "
"has a belly that has officially outgrown a pair of maternity pants  wow  on to the serious maternity clothes, i guess "
"is just back from the ob's office  drake is still a boy, still wriggling and ahead of the curve on all his kick counts and measurements  way to overachieve, <propmale>! however, i get to go do another blood test because my sugar levels were not so great  gestational diabetes, please leave me alone!!"
"is actually (somewhat) <propfemale>, but is not drinking beer, wearing green or using a fake accent today  she did wish the dogs a happy st  <propfirst>'s day this morning, but that's about it "
"is awake with heartburn and a pile of work  but is smiling because for the first time, she is feeling baby hiccups "
is slowly becoming nocturnal as the pressure to be up at 7 a m  is removed from her life 
"is seriously counting down until the planet earth sequel, life, starts on sunday  i know it's lame, but i can't help it "
"is done being <propmale> scruby for a while  so glad you're on your way home, mom and dad "
is curled up in her convalescent chair 
"is all clammy and shaky, but got her daily exercise in  and now, the sweet reward of a hot shower and her cold pillow "
"has managed to clear one side of her sinuses  so in this case, half empty is a good thing!"
has never been this bored at school  ever 
"is eating cereal at night  sorry, pastor d "
"is excited for <propfemale> <propfemale> scruby's spring break to begin, so she will come home and see her sister!"
"is missing her los <propfemale> family, friends and hangouts today  road trip?"
"potter: \next week our topic will be money damages and how they are evaluated \"" daniel: \""sounds riveting \"""""
is shopping with mom and <propfemale> <propfemale> scruby 
solemnly swears to post picture of herself in her current pregnant state by easter 
ate red <propfemale> cupcakes for breakfast  super healthy 
"is actually married and pregnant every day, not just april fool's day "
making cinnamon rolls for the miller fam 
is gearing up for operation clean out drake's room 
played catchphrase today  <propfirst> segal knows why that is a problem 
"trying to get things done, but drake's just not cooperating  might be time to pick a quieter activity "
"is wondering when july went from being far in the distant future to around the corner  starting to realize that she is weeks from getting a new, <propfemale> roommate "
"didn't sleep enough and doesn't want to tackle her to-do list today  is \grumpy\"" a pregnancy symptom?"""
"koester: \i've got a great plan  i'm going to sit here and watch days of our lives  you're going to go <propmale> the bank  come back and i'll split the loot with you \"""""
"just finished briefing her contracts case in class, and so feels that the weekend has begun "
gearing up for a day of home ownership with all its perks 
"would like to trade her belly full of drake for arms full of drake, please "
is awake and making pancakes 
is une playful ectedly getting money back from the government  three cheers for her clever accountant!
is thinking of her chickadees tonight and missing their faces 
"has locked herself in her room to prepare for finals  judging from facebook, so have many of her classmates  smile "
"on a case where an elderly dance student was lied to in order to get more money for lessons: \there were found liable for putting baby in a corner \"" --<propfirst>"""
loves when someone she loves is happy  what a great day   
is on modified bed rest today  anyone attending contracts tonight and willing to share their notes from the review with her??
"is studying, studying  halfway through torts "
"okay, so law student poll: how many people using california jury instructions for privacy law? how many barbri flemings?"
"is watching very alarming baby kicks that make it look like drake is trying to kick his way out  wow, he is getting to be one big baby "
is remembering the three rules: do not panic  always love  always do your best  five days until finals 
"notices that five of her friends have all posted that they are sick within the last hour  guys, if it seems like i am avoiding you and your germs, i am  sorry "
loves how big weather reminds her how <propfemale> people are 
so far feels ready to take one final  the other two? not ready to think about that yet 
is feeling pumped to lose her baby weight once drake vacates his uterine apartment  all this huffing and puffing is wearing me out 
is trying to finish strong 
"is halfway through finals, thinking of all the soon-to-be graduates she knows! congrats, everyone "
"is done  smile  now, for a week of leisure before summer classes start "
"is basking in the post-finals, pre-grades glow "
now has a little existential crisis every time she sees a child misbehaving 
has cleaned her house and put away her school books  life is good 
gained seven pounds in three weeks and had borderline high blood pressure today  seriously? apparently my body's way of overachieving during pregnancy is to make sure i get every symptom known to exist 
just ordered her first-ever iphone 
just came back from a walk and is having (harmless) contractions  time for a rest!
"is gaining another sister, and loves how love grows "
is posting her first status from her new phone  why didn't i get this nifty gadget sooner?
"still has no phone service for her new iphone  sad, sad   "
is so grateful for her mother 
can't sleep when drake is so wiggly 
keeps going in and out of drake's room for no reason 
is dragging her round self to work 
"is looking forward to the beginning of the weekend, which should be full of nesting and napping "
is totally beat but can't sleep  going to lay in bed and just pretend until it happens  smile 
"said \i do\"" two years ago today  and still does """
visited with <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> <propmale> this afternoon 
thinks her ankles might be the size of her pre-pregnancy thighs 
just got her grades from finals   relieved!
had a wonderful day but is sooo sleepy  staying awake through class is going to be tough 
only half an hour in   fading quickly   
"bought stuff to pack her hospital bag today, despite probably still being six weeks from delivery "
is trying to believe that july will come quickly 
"just wants to sleep, but body baby won't let her  starting to have irrational fantasies about how much more i'll sleep after the baby is born  this is crazy, but i can't help it "
jumping in the shower to smell nice for the shower!
"has a wonderful sister who threw a fantastic baby shower, and many great friends and family who made the day special "
"loves that her mommy and daddy and sissy are eight minutes, instead of eight hours, away  it's a wonderful life "
needs a break 
loves <propfemale> <propfemale> scruby 
"so much to do, so little will to get it done  is pregnancy brain an excuse for not having homework ready?"
left her purse at her parents' house tonight and so is without her phone  freaking out   
"had contractions last night and was just told by her ob to take it easy for a week, and that drake could come any time after that  are we really at the end beginning?"
"had fun at the kengles tonight, then talked to her husband until he fell asleep  now reading to drake until sleepy "
likes that every weekend is a long weekend  but doesn't like that she will do a full day of homework today 
"is cleaning the kitchen, then resting, then making two phone calls, then resting, then doing some homework, then resting again  then lunch, and more rest "
is nocturnal  so what else is new?
"was monitored today, and listened to drake's heart rate for ten glorious minutes "
"is just about finished with class and still has normal-sized feet  thanks, <propfemale> <propfemale> scruby and mom!"
"is so sad to miss <propfemale> miller's graduation tonight, but will be thinking of her!"
had a long but great day  now to sleep return my feet to normal size 
"had a midnight visit to labor and delivery last night, but came home without a baby (a good thing, we've still got a month till our due date)  so blessed by and impressed with the wonderful nurses who patched me up and made me better "
"had a lovely nap today  sorry if i missed a call from you  as soon as the post-sleep disorientation wears off, i'll call you back  smile "
has doctor's permission to evict little drake as of today! any great tips to get labor going? because i am so done 
"is pushing through the pain    homework pain, that is "
wants to sleep  really 
is hoping her body cooperates and doesn't swell while she tries to sit up to finish her schoolwork 
is halfway through her homework for the day!
"is on partial bed rest for the duration, but is told it is not necessary to \rest\"" by not doing homework this week  bummer """
"thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!"
"is back from the doctor's office  bp still high, more tests and bed rest today, another appointment thursday to decide whether to induce  hopefully we will have our drake in our arms this week!"
is relieved that <propfirst> <propmale> is retiring 
"is so disappointed  no baby today, just more tests and bed rest "
is headed to the hospital for yet another test   trying not to get my hopes up 
"has another appointment tomorrow, and is too wound up about it to sleep "
"is out of bed! just to eat breakfast, but still, feels nice!"
"is still not dilating, is still not being induced, and is continuing to donate many bodily fluids to the lab for analysis "
"headed out for another appointment, hoping for an all-clear to induce   "
nope 
has a husband who takes such good care of her  the house just feels better when he is in it   
"had her husband fuss over her then go out to do the grocery shopping  then, a friend brought dinner over, family brought over a present and checked to see if i needed company and frozen yogurt  feeling super loved   "
is having a baby  right now 
"update: labor is long, not much change after many doses of medicine to induce, despite some strong contractions  if there is still no drake tonight we will talk to the doc about next steps  feeling all your love and prayers and support!"
"50 hours after our induction began, drake arrived via c section at 10 pm on the 14th  eight pounds, five ounces, 21 inches long  he's perfect, couldn't ask for more  pictures to follow soon "
is home with her boys  and her canine girls  feels so good 
"is munching on homemade <propmale> and cheese, courtesy the wonderful kengle family  thanks for the love, guys!"
"is watching <propfirst>, drake, brooklyn and alaska sleep, and is preparing to join the slumber party "
is actually wishing her baby would wake up! i miss the little guy 
"got a toothless, milky smile from drake today, which made up for a missed morning nap in a big big way  sure, it was probably just gas, but it was still exciting!"
is watching the <propfemale> and the frog with drake while <propfirst> takes his turn to sleep   
"finished her first year schoolwork today, now just relaxing with her best friend under 10 pounds   "
is beginning to understand the paradox that is being a working mom  torn between mommy guilt when i'm busy working and loving my job  and my baby is only one room away!
taking photos of drake tomorrow with b  kengle photography! so excited   
is reading her textbooks for fun during summer vacation  how can it be wrong when it feels so right?
"loves the beautiful photos our friend <propfemale> kengle took of our family  check out her facebook <propfemale>, b  kengle photography! a link to the rest of the photos she took and her <propfemale> are coming soon!"
"more photos posted at b  kengle photography of <propfirst>, drake and me! our first real family photos! become a fan and check them out, along with the rest of <propfemale>'s beautiful work "
"feels rested! drake woke up just once and was a good baby who ate, burped and slept in about 30 minutes, then let his mommy go back to bed (without him, because he was happy in his crib)  it was a momentous night "
"is holding drake in one arm and reading two newspapers and a magazine on her iphone with her free hand, since the rustling pages of the real deal wake up the babe "
"friday the 13th--to our family, it's a lucky day  our <propfemale> was born on friday, july 13th  how fortunate we are to have her! thinking of her today "
is running on fumes today 
"is the only soul still awake in the house  time for some homework! wills, here i come!"
"homework for the week complete, house clean, baby asleep  the wedding singer on tv  it's a good night "
starts her new diet one week from today  actually kind of excited--so ready to put on my old skinny jeans 
"woke up to find drake in his crib, happy and smiling  lifted him up to breathe in that sweet baby smell, only to find not-so-sweet diaper smell  i gagged  drake just giggled  good practical joke, <propmale>  you got me "
is headed back to school tomorrow  a personal first--i'm not even a little bit excited for school  just grim determination this time 
just attended a beautiful wedding for two people who are a wonderful fit for each other 
loves her little house with her baby asleep in it and her husband next to her and her two dogs stretched out on the carpet 
"'s purse has a weight watchers point calculator in it, her car has a car seat base in it, her nightstand has a bible in it, and her tv has oprah on it, because she has become her mother "
"spent all day with her bed, her books and her babe "
"is looking for some excitement today, but she's pretty sure she isn't going to find it at costco "
"came home from school to a clean house and a happy baby  great job, husband!"
"loved the rain and cool weather today, and also loves that she is as far from an evidence class as is possible "
who would have thought the class i would be excited about is wills? learning to love the dead and their money   
remembers where she was when she heard the news 
"just found out that her <propfemale> <propmale> abbott is coming to visit her and be present at drake's dedication on sunday  i am so happy, i am actually whistling while doing puke laundry "
"is confused  lots of people are posting stuff about oktoberfest, even though it is only september  why is this? educate me, my beer-drinking facebook friends   "
"sleeping baby, completed homework, clean-ish house  what's a girl to do? outline hearsay, of course!"
tidying up and making breakfast for the millers and doyles while i wait for baby and hubby to wake up 
is filling in the gaps in her outlines and getting ready for more notecards  two weeks   
"is blown away  drake has been asleep for eleven consecutive hours  i checked on him and he's fine, just snoozing away  what a sleeper!"
"babies   have taken over my facebook <propfemale> (which is fine, kiddos are wonderful, but wow there are a bunch right now)  are any of my friends not reproducing?"
"just found out that her evidence midterm will be november 10, not november 3  life is sooo good "
"has completed this week's tests, and has had a shower and some dinner  ready for some sleep "
hey law school buddies! anyone know the reading assignment for property? to 332 or 384? or neither? clue me in!
"has a little baby with one little tooth and a very big bite  ouch, drake! careful with mommy's fingers "
"go giants! you're my team, win or lose "
thought she wouldn't get trick-or-treaters until a dozen showed up and cleaned me out 
"has a baby who officially can roll over, tummy to back "
"loves that she just watched her team win the world series with her little boy  when we won and i cheered, he just laughed and laughed  i think this is a drake memory i'll have forever "
is itching to travel the world again--it's been too long 
"<propfirst> is on his way to a job interview at <propfemale> <propfemale> brewery  this is a job with opportunity to e playful and his horizons as a graphic designer, not to mention it's a pay raise  interview starts at 9 smile 0  say a prayer for him and drop a note on his wall if you think of it "
"just found out that <propfirst> didn't get the <propfemale> <propfemale> position  we are bummed not to get the job, but happy that he'll still be freelancing and spending so much quality time with drake during the day "
"is nervous, but taking comfort in the fact that the test will all be over in about six hours, and i can be more than just a student for a few weeks "
is the girl who lived 
likes how love-spoiled drake is  so many people who adore him and want to be his friend--what a lucky little guy!
"is listening to her baby snore in the next room  he is about to be four months old  four months ago this minute i was laying on an operating table and waiting, five minutes from meeting my favorite person ever  happy month-day, drake "
"drakey update: drake is even more vaccinated, weighs a whopping 16 pounds, 12 ounces, and is 26 inches long as of today at his 4-month check-up  this means he grew 3 inches in two months "
"is slogging through one more day of work and school, but looking forward to cooking all day tomorrow with mom, then eating all day thursday with everyone "
"moments ago: put sleepy drake back in his crib to snooze another two hours  right now: online black friday shopping  later: seeing tangled with my mom, <propfemale> <propfemale> scruby , <propfemale> pendergrass , and maybe <propmale> newcomb and daddy "
"has been informed that she is going to a nice dinner with her hubby and then    harry potter!!!! ahhh, finally "
is having her usual mental collapse in anticipation of finals  fyi--now may not be a good time to ask me how law school is going 
"7 smile 9 a m  baby fed and sleeping again  kitchen and living room clean  laundry started  property homework complete  evidence homework complete  finals prep commencing  all before breakfast  ah, i love the smell of productivity in the morning "
loves <propfirst> miller and hopes he feels better soon 
"change yourprofile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to notsee a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same "
is figuring out the new profile thingy   hmmm   
a day that still lives in infamy   
"babies, babies, everywhere, and mine won't go to sleep   "
"packing up and getting in the car for four hours of finals  if you think of me this morning, say a prayer  i'm going to need it "
"still has a little christmas wrapping to do, but is finally catching up with her life  the house is clean again! woohoo!"
"is finally getting to this year's elf duties  and is taking christmas cookie suggestions--looking for some unique ideas  <propfemale> <propmale> , i actually considered bacon chocolate chip   "
loves laughing so hard with her mom that our eyes well up and our stomachs hurt  drake is really hamming it up today 
thinks <propmale> newcomb is a lucky man 
"is officially signing up for spin class four mornings per week  mondays and wednesdays from 6 a m  to 7 a m , then tuesdays and thursdays from 5 smile 0 a m  to 6 smile 0 a m  anyone want to come and be my spin <propmale>??"
is changing her hair  thoughts??
"just paid off the very last <propmale> from drake's birth  sorry, hospital, you can't repo our baby anymore--he's paid off     smile "
"is thinking of <propmale> miller and <propfemale> miller , who are coming to visit! can't wait until they get here   it makes christmas complete to see our oregon millers 2 0 "
"went to the first christmas of the year, at grandma <propfemale>'s house  was so touched by all the love and excitement for drake  can't wait to see him next year with soon-and-coming zoey elizabeth--felt her for the first time in <propfemale> simmons ' cute little belly! just one more month!"
christmas <propfemale> gift 
"miller christmas all day today, little christmas morning, just us and drake, first thing tomorrow, scruby christmas dinner and grandma's birthday tomorrow afternoon  my heart=full "
"watching the berlin state ballet's performance of the nutcracker on television, writing a response to daddy's christmas letter, checking out the features of my new kindle and basking in the last of the christmas glow of family, food and fun new toys  what a blessed holiday it's been "
"is doing the post-christmas deep clean of the house, watching the babe and helping hubby get the garage organized  love that feeling of a spotless house  wish it could last more than ten minutes   "
"e playful erienced her life's lowest low so far and highest high so far in 2010--such a worthwhile year  also, forever the year drake will enter in every \date of birth\"" box he ever has to fill out on a form """
"is heartbroken  school has returned  does hating this make me lazy, or in love with my family, or both? ugh, no matter what, school beginning again makes me sad "
hears a funeral dirge playing somewhere  school starts tomorrow 
"has finally finished her evidence homework, with 93 minutes to spare  yes "
any of my law school peeps have a <propfirst> <propmale> book they're not using? i'll happily buy it from you or take a donation  smile 
"\i'm not about to revamp the entirejudicial"""
"\i'm not about to revamp the entire judicial process just because you find yourself in the unique position of having clients who say they didn't do it \"""""
"just finished watching \my cousin vinny\"" for the first time  now prepared for evidence next week!"""
doing family photos today with <propfemale> kengle ! excited and nervous for the weather and drake's mood!
"has a sweet little baby who turns into an insomniac at bedtime  we do a bedtime routine every night, and we try to hold off any snoozing, even short naps, after 5 p m  any ideas on how to make this kid poop out like he used to at bedtime? i know he's tired, but he fights sleep so hard "
is about to be a   second cousin? early congratulations to <propfemale> simmons  and <propfirst> simmons !
"has not been outside today, and found out it was cold via facebook "
"is kicking butt with this whole dieting thing  i've lost two pounds! but it's only been a few days and cookies are calling my name, so it may be too soon to celebrate "
"believes that epidurals, baby formula, disposable diapers, babysitters and pacifiers are wonderful tools that, used correctly, can make the hardest job on earth a little easier  i'm pretty sure cps isn't going to come and take my baby away for the use of them  but thanks for the advice, random lady "
"has a six month old today! drake the last six months have been crazy and good  it's a privilege to be your <propfemale>, my little <propmale> "
"six minutes from the exact moment  dreaming of the next six months, and the next, and the next, and the next   "
is anxiously waiting for a sneak peek from today's photo session!
"four meals down, two to go!"
has officially lost 10 pounds since <propfirst>  1  yay!
"is, ironically, updating facebook while watching the social network "
"has a baby with the <propfemale>, but not the ability, to feed himself  he's not ready for just playing and eating with fingers, and he will not take food on a spoon from me  he has a little mesh sleeve for soft foods, but this doesn't seem like enough nutrition, nor do teething crackers (which he loves)  any mommas out there have babies too independent for their own good? what did you do?"
thinks the luvs diapers commercial where babies fill their diapers on stage to be judged by a panel of other babies is the weirdest thing ever 
just met the incomparable zoey <propfemale> simmons  what a little beauty she is--she gets it from her gorgeous mom!
"drake just put himself down for a nap for the first time (went into the crib sleepy, then fell asleep on his own)  we have just turned such a corner   "
drake miller sound asleep  <propfirst> miller out with <propfirst> kengle to catch a show  dogs snuggled on their beds  perfect homework conditions 
"just read the very last case in her evidence casebook  oh, happy day!"
"wants to be the world's best mom, an awesome wife, a kick-butt-and-take-names journalist, a sharp and conscientious attorney, a woman of faith, a loving and dutiful daughter, a sweet and helpful sister, a fun and funny friend, a citizen of the world, and also, i would like my enchiladas to stop burning on the bottom when i bake them "
"anxious, nervous, excited and praying for <propfemale> <propmale>, <propmale> <propmale> and their tacy "
"is relieved to hear that tacy is out and that the final phases of labor went quickly  waiting for more detail, but it seems everyone is healthy and happy!"
just got home from the hospital and meeting tacy for the first time 
"was blessed to snuggle tacy and chat with her mommy try to help out a little today  that little one is a handful, but <propfemale> is doing a great job!"
wants to be a grandma when she grows up 
has no school tonight  jesus must agree that i need a catch-up-on-the-laundry day 
"so, today, i dug my pre-pregnancy jeans out of the closet to try on  i've been waiting to try them just because i didn't want to be heartbroken if they didn't fit  i pulled them on and   they are too big! yeeeesssss!!!!!!"
"despite not feeling so hot thanks to a food poisoning incident, today was awesome, thanks to my caring, devoted husband, my funny and helpful mom and dad, our new housekeeper who made me feel super spoiled, and the makers of angry birds, whose latest update included new levels! what a day!"
can bring home the bacon and fry it in the pan 
"evidence has ended (praise god!), so now we have gengler back for his weekly 3-hour lectures on wills and trusts  ah, it hurts so good   "
"is not with drake right now, but can tell you which of his fingernails and toenails are the longest and in need of trimming tonight  can also tell you that his left nostril was a little stuffy this morning and his gums on the top right side looked just a <propfemale> bit tender--new tooth coming? crazy how well you can know another person "
"is excited that freedom and democracy isn't an american invention, but a human one  may there be a spirit of reason and peace in egypt as the people take hold of the freedom they so deserve "
clean sheet day!!!!!!!!
"is grateful today for <propfirst>  this is our 9th <propfirst>'s day together  every year i am more blessed to share my life with the best friend, soul mate and partner in crime i could ask for  he makes every day <propfirst>'s day "
"looked forward all day to quiet study time in an empty house  now that <propfirst> and drake are gone, i'm missing my boys and their noise "
up early to get things ready for the boys today so i can go shopping with my <propfemale> for her wedding dress!!!
has snapped back to reality and remembered that midterms are next week  uh oh 
"will likely be in the la area for the weekend of march 6, arriving friday evening and leaving midday on monday  if you're in town and want to get together, message me!"
thinks <propfemale> hayse and <propfirst> hayse have birthed a celebrity  i have seen more photos of miss addalyn on more friends' profiles than i can shake a stick at  that must be one busy hospital room!
property midterm today  lots of studying left to do 
"thanks, everybody, for your encouragement yesterday! i survived another property exam, which means i have just one more to go in that class! who knew the class i was most excited to take before law school would be the one i'm now desperate to finish? civil procedure exam tonight--should be far less stressful!"
is saying goodbye to television at home  one less thing to distract drake's little mind from learning and growing 
"my heart is so full  got home from a test, saw mil, settled in to do some reading when i heard a stirring in drake's room  little guy woke up, reached for me, gave me a big hug and a sloppy kiss, then fell asleep again on my shoulder right away  thanks for waking up to say goodnight, little <propmale> "
"making lots of plans for the big socal visit in a few weeks  so excited to see family and friends who are like family, and to visit all my old haunts "
shopped like a boss today  like  a  boss 
"just finished tax close-out sheets for the family's business  ugh  when you are in the property business, april 15th is not about applying for a fat refund--it's kind of the opposite  thinking i might deserve some hugs for contributing to the us treasury while they issue my friends all those refund checks   "
"getting ready for my favorite day of the week, full of worship, teaching, great food, family, our small group family, drake's smiling face and drilling evidence flashcards "
is just a few hours from not thinking about evidence for another two years  pray for me--i need to finish strong with a good grade on this final!
no wills test next week  win 
punch  the  card 
"is home from the big socal visit after driving all night  it was a great trip, but it's so good to be home!"
ugh  real property midterm grade=painful  i'm going to have to have a heck of a final exam 
"i have lost my phone, and so am not responding to calls  sad  if you need me, facebook is the best way to reach me, or you can call <propfirst>'s phone "
"phone officially, permanently lost  will obtain replacement tomorrow  until then, feeling aimless and lost in the world "
thinking of <propfirst> miller and how awesome and capable he is   
"just found out that if you walk off the street and sign up for at&t, you can get a $50 iphone  however, if you have been their customer for four years, replacing your phone will cost at least $300 to replace the phone you lost "
"clearly doesn't have enough to do, and so is picking up a little hobby--super couponing  i can't help it--i just love a bargain so darn much  <propfirst> scruby should be proud--i've found my craigslist "
"my own, personal box of girl scout cookies  mmmmmm     "
"goodbye forever, at&t  after today, i will no longer be a virgin mobile virgin  and i will pay $25 per month for what costs me $80 with at&t  and <propfirst> will still have angry birds, so at least there's that "
"new phone number: (530) 403-7844 !!! please send me a text with your name in it, so i can add you to my new contact list "
"new phone number: (530) 403-7844 !!! please send me a text with your name in it, so i can add you to my new contact list "
