789f8f7f57e44b7363c61f31d379e010
"om nom, i love quesadillas  grocery shopping puts nummies in my fridge, then in mine tummy, yaay!"
"if you have sex with a prostitute against her will is it rape, or shoplifting?"
"i have no idea when my next econ exam will be    looks like maybe i'll go to class tomorrow, shocker i know  =p"
"sometimes i'm too trusting    i have all these <propfemale> marks on my hands and knees now  well played, <propfirst>  he didn't pick up the hitch-hiker either, i should have known better   "
"oh yes!!! amazon totally has mc frontalot music, woot, woot!"
yaay!!! what i thought almost surely wasn't my camera charger but looted from my grandma's house anyway is in fact my charger! i can use my camera again!!!
"it's sushi day!!!!! totally gonna nom at sushi ya today, i'm hella stoked!!!!!! yaay!"
"nom nom, peanut butter makes my hungries go away =p  just chillin', eating pb from the jar, and don't even tell me that's gross 'cause that's my own personal pb  i feel so at ease, i got my big to-dos for today done, whew  now it's grocery shopping, then stew makin' time, oh yeah!"
"oh hoh, i are super ninja, i just learned a whole song on the pennywhistle, ha chah!"
"aaagh, i tried to resist, but alas t'was to much    if you are brave     copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: loveable  6: moody  7: dumb  8: spoiled  9: mouthy  10: random  11: hot  12: funny  13: sexy  14: amazing  15: beautiful  16: cute  17: generous  18: smart"
"we have bread again! this weekend hasn't been so relaxing  sad , but i am feeling pretty accomplished   "
damned terrorists; it's all their fault i won't be able to wear my favorite perfume all this week  arrrgh!  smile 
"oh man, i just realized i've been walking around with barbecue sauce on my arm for the last several hours!"
"om nom, brunch was sooo yummy, french toast with whipped cream and strawberries, cinnamon raisin bread, orange juice and yogurt; it was super tasty!"
"hi-ya, done with my engrish thingamajigger, and now it it potatoes 'o brien makin' time, yah!!"
"psh, apparently my composter isn't allowed to chill on our patio as per the rules of our complex, only plants and furnitiure  i guess it'll just have to become furniture   "
i passed econ!!!!!! wooohoooo!!! oh yeah!!! i've been doing the goofy-goofy dance around the apartment for about 20 minutes  laugh 
"i just placed 91st of 9,000 in an online poker tournament  right now i'm a little peeved, but i guess i can appreciate having made it so far "
"ahhh, i've finally cleaned my room as planned, and although it's not pristine, it does have a better energy to it now  smile  "
"mmmm, i just made a perfect egg, heavenly     laugh "
"hehe, you know what makes statistics homework way less boring? playing poker at the same time! woot!"
"aaaarrrgh, okay someone please correct me if i'm wrong, but i'm fairly certain you can't make a frequency distribution which covers all number from 8 to 22, has a class width of two, and has only seven classes!!!"
"haha, i have solved the magical mysteries of statistics at last, i've only two graphs left to make  ha!! also, i planted <propmale> and tomatoes today, yaay!"
hmm   one way to combat outrageous population growth in stuggling countries: food for sterilization?
"woot, i just got home and not only have i made eight dollars, but dinner and breakfast were both free thanks to my awewome poker skillage, oh yeeeeahh "
"woot, the farmer's market in pasco is open for the season!!!  laugh "
<propmale> has just had his first successful home feeding!  laugh 
"tooootally stoked fa my party tomorrow, wooooot!!!"
guavas are pink inside!
do hearse drivers get to use the carpool <propfirst>?
my <propfemale> just friend requested  me!  laugh  
literature is as a whetstone for the mind 
"we has kittens  smile   <propmale> just found the three cutest kitties, all alone, so we have a few extra roommates, at least for the time being =p "
the bus: playground of the uncompromisingly gregarious 
i'm pretty sure i just set a new land speed record by making and cleaning up after 3 pieces of french toast in six minutes  laugh  
"lol, some guy just set his coffee down to do kung fu  on the sidewalk before continuing on his way  totally made my morning =p "
"das kikis have names now; <propfemale>, stumpy, and smoky "
"it occurs to me that, regardless of how close you may be, it's the co-dependent people whose profile pictures typically include the significant other"
"<propmale> is always calling the kitties stupid, and after rescuing two of them from the dryer this morning, i'm finding it tougher and tougher to disagree   "
"eek, how to change my profile pic from my phone   "
hmmm   i'm pretty sure i look homeless right now   
"tehe, i just referred to <propmale> as my \partner\"" via phone; apartment guy probably  thinks i'm lesbian =p """
