1ed03d6bb44eba5a0c1a54130a643a4c
had an amazing night with alivia and her family!  time to go and lay down with slippery  love 
going to make me a vanilla milkshake  laugh  can't wait!
"ich glaube, wirklich schlechtes für alivia,…, das ich wünsche, dass es etwas gab ich für sie tun könnte…"
i don't really know what to think or do anymore   
hm     i can't stop thinking   
thinking about things   
i don't know what to do anymore   
idk what to think or do 
got back from the zoo  feeling a little tired after walking around all day 
"meh, i don't really know what to think "
"i knew it, i must be god since i can predict the future like that   "
i can't keep my mind off of her
summer sucks
dead tired
"bored, going to the fair sometime "
had an amazing night at the fair 
why must she be doing this?
last time i'll be on for about 6 days 
"finally home, wasn't much of a vacation though "
"bored, going to work in about an hour   "
"really bored, miss my gf like crazy!"
summer sucks
"bored, like always  what a stupid life to live "
oh how i miss her   
"ich verfehle sie soviel… was ich nicht geben würde, um sie wieder zu sehen…"
"tired, going to bed   "
"i don't feel like being on here, if you need me call "
going to work soon 
bumsen sie mein leben    
"arbeitet verdammt hass i mein leben, nichts überhaupt für mich aus"
bumsen sie mein leben 
why is everything so hazy    =[
it's time things change!
trying to make things change for the better 
actually pretty happy for once
"extreamly happy, and <propmale> you shut up it is too possible! lmao"
none of you even know how aamzaing i feel right now 
slept in for the first time in forever today 
extreamly tired 
i can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!
had such a good time tonight!
homecomming later tonight!  laugh 
had an amazing night last night with <propfemale> 
ugh    i really don't want to go to school today 
extreamly tired    lol
going to go watch year one
going to ub today 
ugh!
bumsen sie mein leben   
was i really that naive?
was i really that naive?
i'm so fucking pissed off right now!
"i've made my share of mistakes but, could she at least listen to me for a little "
"dude this is all fucking bullshit  i can't beleive this is happening, but i'm also glad that this is happening "
"well now, this is going to be a fun night, sitting here with 2 of my besties, and well    doing some things   "
=[
i don't exactly know what i'm going to do lol
excited for ismfof and attack! attack! with my good <propmale> <propfirst> tomarrow!
sore as hell from the show last night 
"finally got home, sitting here relaxing and eating some lunch"
it's amazing how simple minded us humans are
is feeling quite philosophical tonight
fear always follows the ignorant
i'm going to become a buddhist 
tired    just got out of work
i has a bother
got called to go to work at 5  lol this should be fun 
got me an energy drink slushie freshly made!  laugh 
feeling pretty amazing  today has been a great day 
"pep band good, game not so much"
going to work in like 5mins   
hm wow i'm supprised i woke up an hour before i usually do  lol  smile 
thinking about making a peach mango smoothie 
"great   my b-day, it's just another day  i'd like it to stay that way "
my stomach hurts so fucking bad!
feeling great this morning!
i have a concert at 6 and have to play for the middle school   it's going to be a long night 
it's such a good morning!  smile 
i'm in such a good mood!
ich liebe dich alivia!  laugh 
bored as hell  christmas party at 3 
i'm so freaking tired!
looks like its going to be a good day
i has a happy  laugh 
enjoying a frozen tropical fruit smoothie!
had such a great night!  smile 
going x-mas shopping for some reason 
<propfemale> x-mas all
i had an amazing night with alivia's dads family   love 
"hm, sitting here might go and listen to some meditation music and relax   smile "
"ich gebe ihnen mein herz auf einer schnur, ich gerade möchte nicht alles verfehlen  ich liebe dich alivia"
"sitting around, not doing much of all lol "
"leaving in a little, then off for the rest of the day "
"bored, hmm   i shall do the usual!"
"i can't wait until i get to see my fav teacher tomorrow, mrs  wac!  laugh "
up and around very early today  hm    whats next?
i don't know about you guys but   i'm ready to hit the slopes!
i hit the slopes! and my knee is starting to swell lmao!  laugh 
"i ache a little, more tired than anything else "
i'm kinda bored  lol
school tomorrow   great     another day drowning in other people's stupidity  lol
"going to school, then to alivia's house after  love "
i had fun with my baby girl tonight  love  can't wait to see her tomorrow 
going to school to drain what little sanity i have  ich liebe dich alivia!  love 
"dreams of the morrow hath the shattered soul, all pride is lost  wings stripped away, the end is nigh "
going to go and hit the slopes with the alivia tonight!
"etwas seitliche forschung tuend die ganze nacht… bitte, stören sie mich nicht"
"my friend, do you fly away now? to a world that abhors you and i? all that awaits you is a somber morrow, no matter where the winds may blow"
troubled   
"bored, not to sure what to do  thinking about downloading some new songs, any suggestions?"
"bored, sitting here with two dipshits   somebody save me!"
just read of mice and men in one sitting   
"tief im gedanken, wenn sie mich benötigen, übersetzen sie dieses und anruf"
"alles über mich notwendigkeiten zu ändern  ich hasse, wie ich bin "
"alles, hat ihn gebend für das, das er liebt  sein wundervolles, welche liebe zu einer person tun kann "
"today is just full of excitement    i have to drown in the stupidity of others at school then, i have to go to work    sounds so fun don't it?"
got my new phone  if you want my # message me or w e 
"bored as hell, thinking about going to bed early tonight "
"sitting here bored as hell, someone entertain me   "
woke up after a 4 hour nap   dude this day went by pretty fast  lmao
"und doch wieder, sind meine träume besser als meine wirklichkeit   "
"he is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature   -socrates-"
i feel broken   lol  now to finish typing my english final 
half day today! yay  smile 
going to go fall asleep somewhere   dead tired   
had some fun at the dance with some friends 
great back to the worlds best mood killer lol 
i love mornings! its always school that kills it for me    lol  smile 
"bored, lonely, a bit angry  did i mention bored!?"
"school is the high point of my day, then its all downhill after 2 smile 0"
solo fest later at 2  until then nothing but scales and runs 
i love alivia so much   i can't wait until i get to see her later!  love 
"had an amazing day with alivia, now its time to watch the saints beat the colts ass!  laugh "
i need to get the ghostbusters theme song out of my head!!!!!!!!!!!!  troubled 
"well just finished working out for a little, now its time to go to bed and sleep well for tomorrow "
dam   no ski club   >=[
hanging out with alivia after school  love 
"bored, spent the p m with alivia "
going to work in about 45 mins
had an amazing night with the love of my life   love 
going to hit the slopes in a few  laugh 
"got home from skiing the legend, i'm really sore   lol  laugh "
am i dead yet? (killer migrane)
enjoying grilled cheese sandwhichs and soup  laugh 
bored as fuck    text anyone?
about to sit down and watch black dynamite 
zwei monate der reinen liebe und glück  love  ich liebe dich alivia
school    annoyed 
"i'm a ghost   feelings pass right through me, so cold and unfeeling  will i ever be able to just be human, to just allow myself to actually feel something? maybe i wouldn't i wouldn't be a ghost any longer   "
bumsen sie mein leben   
"as i walk blindly into the darkness, i continue to fall for eternity "
die dinge ein bisschen besser     danke alivia
"just finished watching <propfirst> darko, it helped me realize alot of things   i just found it to be my new fav movie "
waiting to go to work    =[
"ich fühle mich wirklich einsam     wirklich langweilig     gehen müssen, um bald arbeit    =["
lol had a pretty interesting conversation with <propfemale> and <propfemale> at the depot 
"not going to pit tonight, about to go plow my driveway or something "
listening to some new bands i just found!  laugh  in a pretty good mood actually 
holy shit i feel so good 
dude    i'm so out of it this morning lmao
"ich fühle mich wirklich großartig  das ist großartig, ich habe nicht so gefühlt in eine weile"
es fühlt sich wie sein würde ein großer tag!
"pit band later, math homework, and essay to do all in one night! looks like i'll be up late tonight"
playing robot unicorn attack!!!!!!! lmao!
pit was such a waste of time    well at least for me 
going to go sketch some things   smile 
going to go sketch some things  smile 
so fucking excited for <propfemale> in wonderland!!!!  troubled 
busy weekend  smile 
so tired    idk if i'll make it
i'm so tired!!! rawr!!!
pit tonight   
pit band tonight   have to go waste my air to make sounds
ugh   time for pit   
"going to work in a few, don't have to deal with pit tonight!  laugh "
ugh   i wish i could go back to sleep
eine menge zeug hat in den letzten vierundzwanzig stunden gesunken 
filling out college forms   fun fun
i'm gunna be glad when pit is finally over
only one more day of <propfemale> lol 
"wide awake, took a 6 hour nap and woke up at 9 lol "
ab lounge time  laugh 
<propmale> just sent me a link that made me a sad panda   ='[
the weather is so nice out  until i go to work   
my head hurts   lol
"laying outside on the ground looking at the stars, they're so beautiful"
just got accepted into suny!!!  smile 
just got a second job = more money  smile 
finally done at the green house until saturday  smile 
off to my favored job of the two
happy birthday hitler!
resting for an hour then going to work at the depot   
probably should have worked on my english essay over break but i didn't
"hm, sats today  should be easy lol"
if i'm not at one job i'm at the other   =[
"well i have to work today, possibly working saturday, which mean 7 days of nothing but work"
time to go study sparknotes! =x
i'm working the kitchen by myself tonight 
band concierto tonight  fun fun 
"another day in a place i call home, hell "
tired   
thinking about going and jumping in my pool  its to hot out for this mexican   he likes it cold 
its to early   i dont want to go to work today
"its time to tackle this beast of an english essay, for all you other brave souls fighting this common foe of oppression   i wish you the best of luck "
dude   its been a long ass night
my family is so fucking annoying   > sad 
college final today   yay 
test tomorrow 
its only 3:48
work tonight lol   smile 
"omg i ordered a tecktonik shirt last night!  laugh  i can't wait, soooo    until then i'm going to tecktonik and shuffle!  laugh "
i don't feel like going to work today its going to be terrible   
"a dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist "
hell yeah! i got my tecktonik cd today  laugh 
its like 3:42 and i'm wide awake 
wedding tomorrow at like 11  also have a new phone so text me if you want to be in my contacts 467-5104
hey everyone! <propfirst> down on your calendars *gasps* =o the first night in august is officially high five night! lmfao!
way to stressed out right now   fuck this
"well on the highway to the <propmale>, see you all on monday   smile  wish me luck"
oh what a show!  smile  what a night!  laugh 
"nothing but new stories, paintball, bruises, garbage can races, parties, and of course new friends to <propfemale> with next year "
i'm finally home   
dude   me and my friends are hearing footsteps   
just got breakfast from mcdonalds and went to walmart to get a cake
shit   summers almost over  wtf!?
listening to some motly crue and phoenix  laugh 
i'm loving my itunes right now  i put it on shuffle and its picking all of the right songs!  laugh 
dude wierdest thing just happened lmao!
life lessons in <propfemale> <propmale> x)
wow   at the greenhouse working i guess lol 
"dude   omg me, <propfirst>, zac, and <propfirst> are gunna buy a restaurant"
its been a good day so far   smile  now time to make wings
"when the war of the beasts brings about the world’s end\the goddess descends from the sky\wings of light and dark spread afar\she guides us to bliss, her gift everlasting"
"infinite in mystery is the gift of the goddess\we seek it thus, and take into the sky\ripples form on the water’s surface\the wandering soul knows no rest "
just got my lip pierced  smile 
gotz to go to work  people should come down and order food 
and then there was one    i'm the last man standing
dude   wtf? what happened last night?  laugh 
"to a world that abhors you and i, there is nothing but a somber morrow  my friend, your <propfemale> is the bringer of life  and even if the morrow is barren of promises, nothing shall forestall my return "
last night was deff a good night   smile 
yet again i'm the last one   haha this has been a great weekend
i got my wireless to work!  smile 
"dear <propfirst>, <propfirst> was here  word "
i just saw my mind e playful lode!!!   =€
what an epic night!!! got some autographs and a tee ^-^ leg is killing me from the mosh pit though
what an epic night!!! got some autographs and a tee ^-^ leg is killing me from the mosh though
what an epic night!! got some autographs and a shirt   smile  legs killing me from the pit though   annoyed \
its time to dominate the pie eating contest today!  laugh 
crazy weekend lol  smile  as always
does anyone out there have any old xbox original controllers they are willing to sell?
not going to be home until late saturday night  going to visit colleges today and tomorrow with my buddies  laugh 
sitting in this hotel    really bored someone text me
"meh, wish something would actually happen  annoyed "
meh goodnight world   i'll be back tomorrow
happy birthday to me   
happy birthday to me
thanks all for the happy bday
just got the worlds best bday present
"=[ the wandering soul knows know rest   there is no hate, only joy for you are beloved by the goddess, hero of the <propfemale>, healer of worlds, dreams of the morrow hath the shattered soul  pride is lost, wings ripped away  "
i need you like water in my lungs
ich wünsche dinge könnte besser sein   
es sind die besten zeiten und die schlechteste aller zeiten  dies ist die schlechteste aller zeiten   
your walking in a dungeon and see a shadow on the ceiling what do you do?  smile  dnd tonight
damn man i woke up and thought it was 11 lol  work later 
hanging out in downtown westfield a little later today  smile 
"i could be mean to <propfirst>, but i won't "
pit tonight   lol
great musical people  its been amazing last time
just got the new panic at the disco and mayday parade cds  laugh 
yay!!! snow!!!  smile 
catdog at 3 in the morning   i think so  smile 
feels so good is coming along nicely  this is deff gunna be a moment to remeber 
"the wandering soul knows no rest  there is no hate, only joy, for it is beloved  hero of the <propfemale>, healer of worlds, dreams of the marrow hath the shattered soul "
shiny toy guns  love 
i set my friends on fire
i set my friends on fire show tonight!!! im chuffed as chips!  smile 
