8ed24af62f052c70f937a92f7932b5a7
i am so ready to go back to school tommorrow! i am getting tired of sitting around 
"i had a good day at school to day  i never thought i would learn so much about the human body  work is great to, just can't wait for that first pay check "
i'm so glad i got off work at 3  no super bowl rush for me  yay!
i'm so ready to go back to school  i need something t do during the day 
"my mid term got moved to next wednesday instead of it being tomorrow, yay! hope i get an a"
"i only got a b on my midterm, i'm very unhappy with that  i don't think i could have studied any harder "
"i had my final today, and i totally aced that shit  i got an a! i only missed 2 questions  98%  yyyyyyeeeeeeeesssssssss!!!!!!!!"
"i got my hair done this saturday, i feel like a new women  the last of him is finally gone  i fainally feel like me again "
"hey, everyone i got my massage table, so if you want a massage just let me know "
"hey ya'll, i'm off on saturday again and i don't have to be at work untill 4 the next day  we should go out again this weekend!"
"went out last night with friends and partied hard, it was so much fun  can't wait to go out agian "
"i had my hands on final yesterday, and i got a 100 percent!!! yes!!!! i am going to be the best massage therapist ever   wink "
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 100000691784868"
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 100000691784868"
last night was fun everybody! i hope we can all do it agian sometime 
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 100000691784868"
"you can't be intelligent without being crazy, but you can be crazy without being intelligent"
 smile 
i don't understand why people insist on driving in the rain with their head lights off  its like hello i can't f***ing see you! it really makes me want to just hit them anyway! other than that i really love the rain 
uuuggghhhh! leaving for work  i don't want to go! please let it be slow!
if i'm not first then your last!
i get off work at eleven tonight  finally a day i work that i don't have to close  yay!
life  its full of crazies and interesting!
"it amazes me how high school drama doesn't stop after high school  i thought most people would have grown up by now huummm, guess thats life, ain't it "
"i don't see it as i'm talking about you behind your back, you just don't happen to be there to hear what i am saying  we all know i will say in front of your face what i would say when you not there "
i got less and less fertile with each second i spent at <propmale> e cheese's this evening!
"ok i need to retract a statement  i invited everyone to the west inn for my birthday on the 10th  the bar is the west end  i don't know why i said inn, i knew better  brain fart! so remember everyone it is the west end "
thank you all! i'm going to party hardy this year!
it was bitchen weekend!!!
"wild river country 25th birthday celebration only $8 99 \location:wild river country\time:10 surprise 0am saturday, july 31st \ \it is $8 99 after 3 p m "
"i'm tired of people who think they are the best friend in the world, but are really just full of shit and to conserned with themselves to care about you "
"if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad "
everybody wish me luck at work tonight  i hope i make good tips 
"ok who came to my house looking for me tonight? if you know where i live you should have my number  this is really bothering me, becuae i can not figure out who it was "
"guys tip your pizza delevery driver  that fee you get charged for the delivery well we don't get that, and i risked my life like 25 times last night to get people their pizza to not get tipped  the biggest tip i go last night was from my parents  thanks guys  so i guess if you are to broke to tip well then maybe you should'nt be ordering pizza in the first f***ing place "
"<propfemale> cook warning: i have seen every bones, csi , ncis ,law in order any crime show u can name,\&& trust me i can make you death look like a accident smile  \just saying "
never drinking again! i feel so ashamed of myself!
by the way my phone is broken so i no longer have anyones number 
"my phone is broke so i nolonger have anyones number  my number is still the same but if you text me and i say who is this, that is why  not because i deleted you "
i really hate my life some days 
not feeling well today and it sucks  i'm sick because my boss came to work sick yesterday  people if you are sick please stay home 
i still feel like crap 
to everyone else who is sick out there hope you feel better 
nothing better than hot chocolate when you are sick 
happy thanksgiving everbody!
"taking my state board exam today  if i pass i become a massage thearpist, and i will  (being positve)  smile "
i did it! i passed my state board exam! yay!
"to all my facebook friends!! will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
i passed my law exam! now i just need a tb test and hopfully i can get my massage therapy license  yay!
got a new motorola back flip phone! yay! i'm so excited! thanks mom 
does anyone know of anyone trying to sell a car that is not that e playful ensive and runs?
<propfemale> christmas everyone
i need my fontierville neighbors to come visit my frontier so i can finish a mission  i just need three neighbors 
i wish some times some people could get the point 
its so slow at work!
"no one tiping tonight  fyi, i don't get that two dollar covinience you get charged for a delivery  pizza hut gets that, and for what, its not their gas they are using  being 3 dollars a gallon now and all "
"i'm a bitch!   unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a bitch re-post this   i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who re-post   ?"
my massage therapy license is coming in the mail  i will be a certified massage therapist soon  yay!
i love football food!
i finally got my massage therapy license in the mail  yay! this means i can give a massage and actually get paid for it  yay!
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy  but you will always love them  re- post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are!"
having a good time with friends!
tired of listening to people complain about their lives  quit the bitching and f**king fix the problem already  you are the only one who can 
"government announced they are going to give £60,000,000 to pakistan  we have troops maimed & dying through lack of equipment, servicemen living on the street's with pathetic mod pensions, people being denied life saving drugs & a huge national debt; yet we donate millions that we dont have to other countries before   helping our own!!! 99% of people on fb wont have the guts to copy & repost this"
wish i didn't have to work today
i love pedicures!
"i have an interview at two this afternoon, everyone wish me luck please!"
"i have a job interview on monday, and i'm kind of nervous  i really hope i get the job b c looking for a job sucks, and i rrrreeeaaaaaaalllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyy want to quit working at pizza hut!"
i think i might have gotten a job!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!
how the hell do you get sick in spring?
job interview at 2  wish me luck 
can't wait to start my new job tuesday!
start my new job today!!!!!!!!
can someone tell me where i can buy edgefest tickets?! please!!!!!!
