a602b8102c601db68264c4debb421dd7
me being uptight and you being all right -there's advantages to each!
"just another day, in a new decade  surprise )"
i had an ingenius idea to make a facebook and add everyone except for my dad  facebook is confusing the hell out of me   
the parentals went to go out to eat at goldilock's    you know what that means  shenanigans!
another week of school  sob-face 
"if you could taser any five individuals (living, dead, famous, familiar) who would they be?"
i am going to sit on the hammock and read the odyssey 
"<propfemale> is here, and <propfemale> is making one? facebook has gone to the cats and dogs   "
"oh man, i have consumed more than half of a digiorno mushroom & spinach pizza today   "
iron man ii    oh my god    it cannot be put into words!
just woke up from a coma     surprise )
when's the last time i wrote on my wall? right    now! biking outside sucks so bad 
i just barely woke up 
<propmale> institute fashion camp o o
everyone! <propfemale> fashion camp is hosting a fashion show at the fashion show mall tomorrow at three-thirty  you should come and visit me  i am a contributing stylist in scene three 
yoga and kings of convenience 
woke up early    going back to sleep   
mandalay bay beach and <propmale>'s birthday party was fun  converting photographs into downloadable files  smile 
i'll find you 
"woke up from a nap  feels good, man "
i stay up all night and make d  i  y  attachments for my speedlight  i should go to <propfirst>'s and purchase better materials 
i looked hilarious when i removed the hair curlers 
happy dance 
"hahaha, shakira's cover of \islands \"" my ears are bleeding """
<propmale> <propmale> and i are trying to learn how to charleston dance   
reality is no longer valid    just take a guess at what movie i watched   
watching lord of the rings with michaella vu y <propmale> <propmale>  this movie is 179 minutes -it is going to be a long night 
ride the chillwave 
don't sleep 
just woke up  this is greatly looked down upon  no    just no 
fifty dollars+ in change  i am going to pay for things like i am dead-broke  smile 
going to do yoga and sleep (relatively) early 
do you know what it needs?
into yr mind
i think i looked at the line-up for the fyf festival and cried a little bit 
going to survive on hummus and pita chips 
(whining and complaining about homework post)
thank goodness for friday y long weekends 
i love being sick  indecision 
making pointless post because i feel like haven't done so in a while    i had a fun night mornin'  smile 
"still writing character analysis, even though it is the inevitable that i receive a 1 from pollock "
"oh, the nightlife -a  k  a  english literature essay "
i'm not e playful eriencing any of this rain you're all talking about   
mi pelo es verde 
yoga all night
productivity starts at two in the mornin' 
thumbs up for friday!
"sitting here in michaella vu's room, while she, aria <propfemale> reeder, and <propfemale> limon sleep  precious  wink "
"i hope everyone has fun at homecoming (<propfemale> torres, <propfemale> arriaga, bradkyn rodriguez, fernamara) c;"
this overcast is so fab 
eye appointment 8-)
this weather is making me giddy as a school girl 
27 28 on statistics test  hnnnnnnnng  i need to celebrate this 
went halloween costume shopping con mi madre y got chipotle!
why am i awake so early on a sunday?
"thank you michaella vu and american apparel, for this awkwardly shaped t-shirt "
"antigone, you slay me "
just took <propfemale> payne's headshots  naptime!
i decided to dutifully poke everyone back 
awake way too early for my own personal preference   
poetry imagery analysis  hell yeah! makes my morning   
"trying to do my <propfemale> in wonderland essay early (that means get on word and write my header, stare vacantly, get on here)  what is initiative?"
"swept out to sea, floating in the brine "
photo-bombing time 
"one test, one project, three quizzes -hit me thursday!"
coma for fourteen hours 
"\lol\"" at people stressing over college"""
"it looks, to me, like we have just circled around the sun once more "
cold 'n restless
"thank you, facebook world, for the happy birthdays  smile "
movies at mi-kooks  smile 
"coachilla, chillllllllllllllwave :e"
facebook is not letting me upload this cat photo  sad 
alright  i'm about to get my wurthing heights on 
mandatory procrastinating pollock essay post 
everyone go to michaella's potluck -it's super fun!  smile 
"damn you, fafsa "
went monkey-hunting with michaella vu and <propfirst> delgado 
easy essay -i'll start in a couple of hours   
