b258123f29625733b875d1976b73335e
jeopardy w  husby  surprise )
soooooo cold out! brrrrr
wishes today was july 17th   
is sunburnt  surprise (
birthday  surprise )
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! and whoever wants to come out to bar a tomorrow to celebrate    let me know i'll give you info!
is excited to celebrate w  everyone tonight and looking forward to a crazy weekend!
is exhausted!!!
it's only tuesday?  surprise  
is it friday yet?  surprise  
yay for fridays and mini vacay's with mom  surprise )
just back from the pool    now on to shopping    again! lol
glad to be home    exhausted from shopping with mom all weekend!
 love  coach   
 love  coach a lot!
thank god for fridays
is sooooo sleepy!
back to nj tomorrow    had a great time in fl!!!
it's shocking how stupid some people are    
girl's night with mom  surprise )
happy veterans day to all the vets out there  we thank you for all you have done to preserve our freedom!
"so read your books, but stay out late some nights, some nights"
"this is because i can spell confusion with a k and i can like it it's to dying in another's arms and why i had to try it it's to <propfirst> eat world and those nights in my car but this time i'm alone, and i don't see those <propfemale>s i'm not your <propfemale>? isn't that what you said what you thought this song meant"
sgf til friday!
rachel:ughhhh ppl suck! adam: thats why i farm haha i  love  my hubby!!!
migraines suck!
 love  change is good  surprise )
i  love  tfln
it was 93 degrees when we walked in the office this morning    
i'm finally freeee and it's a snow day     i  love  it!!!
snow day with husby  surprise )
i'm starting to love this new job    2 snow days in a row    one day of work in the next two weeks    and getting paid for it all    i  love  brick schools!
correction    3 snow days in a row    not working til <propfirst>  4th    and hopefully getting paid for it all    i ? brick schools! hahaha
um     i should not be awake    gonna try and sleep some more    lots to do today!
"out gettin things done    post office, work, mall, nails     lots to do!"
having a good night in  surprise )
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!  surprise )
pennsylvania w  the fam til saturday  surprise )
dr  time    i hate being sick  surprise (
done w  my first week of work  and the boss lady is not a bitch! lol  love  <propfemale> tyndell
ny for the weekend  smile 
parade day  surprise )
maybe shopping will make me not sick anymore    it's worth a shot right?  smile 
passport time with husby  surprise )
everyone please go and vote for <propfirst> to be the new face of got sun tanning    voting ends april 1st  please vote as many times as you can each day!!! we need a beachwood girl in there  surprise ) (click the link below to vote) http annoyed  www gotsuntanning net 2010 02 lindsay-zakar-beachwood-2 
see you next tuesday!!!!!!!
work work work work work    
free until monday  surprise )
bleh    back to the grind tomorrow    i'll have some free time again starting at 5pm friday!
stressed   
fml
so sleepy    
busy day off  surprise (
sleepy again   
anxiously waiting to hear on the result of the budget vote    
yay toms river budget passed!! hopefully that means mommy will still have a job    now just have to wait on brick    and hopefully i will still have a job!! lol
walking into a shitzoo at work today after the budget didn't pass    prepping with the boss lady at breakfast  surprise )
shit is officially hitting the fan in toms river!!
it's grilling time  surprise )
<propfirst> is the man
<propfirst> is not the man   
gettin mentally prepared to work 9am to 11pm for the next few days   
i miss my boss    is that weird? lol
almost done bein the hnic for week    gotta admit i kinda liked it! lol
spending time with my wonderful husband @<propfirst> <propfirst> on our anniversary  surprise )
spending some quality time in dc with <propfirst> <propfirst>   surprise )
had a great time in dc with husby     now need to recoop for work the rest of the week!
were leaving on a jet plane  smile  arriving in beautiful puerto plata in 7 hours  smile 
in atlanta    next stop puerto plata!
lounging by the pool in beautiful puerto plata!  smile 
"having a drink by the vip pool    then to lunch and back to the pool at our gorgeous villa to wait for our liquor delivery    getting a bottle of <propfirst>, stoli, malibu, and mixers to go along with the presidentes and wine chilling in our fridge  surprise ) then to book our couples massage on the beach     this is life!"
beach time!!! then bbq and casino tonight!
hanging out at the pool at the presidential suites    then back to the villa to take care of dad later   
dinner at azul at 8 smile 0    back to the villa soon to paint the girls nails before dinner  surprise ) then back to the states in the am  surprise (
waiting to get on a plane to come back to nj    wish we could have stayed longer! but i guess it was ok taking a helicopter to the airport    gotta love vip!
back to nj and back to reality  surprise (
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! now i'm off to ocmd with mom for the weekend  surprise )
new job tomorrow  surprise  
upstate ny for the weekend    can't wait to hit up toga tonight!
happy to be home  surprise )
i  love  my new computer  surprise )
"my \little\"" brother is 21 today! i can't believe how fast the time goes    i remember going to see him in the hospital when he was born  smile """
census bbq  smile 
homework time  surprise (
on the way to visit scomak and <propfirst> with <propfirst>  smile 
dinner time  surprise )
headed to philly for <propfemale>'s bachelorette party!!! definitely going to be a night to remember!  surprise )
study study study    
one midterm down    one to go    hopefully this one will go better than the last  surprise  
midterm time    i'll be back to the real world by 6 smile 0    then out with some of my favorite people tonight  surprise )
i don't like college    excited to go out tonight  surprise )
taking mom to get a pedicure for her birthday  smile 
trying to catch up on homework before <propfemale>'s wedding!!!
on the way to blue ridge summit  surprise )
much needed break tonight  surprise )       back to school work in the morning  surprise  
homework     again  surprise (
one assignment down for the night    only a million left     surprise  
procrastination will eventually be the death of me    
crunch time    
left for shopping at 11    got home at 630 and made husby breakfast    now im gonna try and sleep  smile 
"\i've been kicking ass since 2011\"" - <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
my 20 minute drive home just took me an hour and 45 minutes    
midterms bright and early   
i think im ready to move to the midwest where the only traffic i run into will be from cows blockin the road    this is getting to be ridiculous   
off to be a dinosaur in nyc with my favorite banana  smile 
i suck at life   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!  surprise )
ten and a half hours into our trip home and now were stuck in a snowbank in brick    looks like well be here for the night  sad 
never thought i would be so glad to be home    longest 260 <propmale> ever!
excited to get fios tomorrow    but sad that comcast just shut off cable and internet    
does anyone need a car or know someone who is looking for one?
finishing up my schoolwork for this semester    i'll be working through midnight i think  annoyed 
i love my husband sooo much!  he is the best man!
please do not hold me responsible for anything on my facebook today as <propfirst> has my computer  surprise )
<propfirst> rules!!!
<propfirst> is the best!
<propfirst> has hijacked my facebook yet again   
i can't wait until i get home so that i can cook a wonderful feast for husby!
hoboken st pattys day parade with my favorite janana!!!  smile 
