93c59a7bf7ee85bb835f82c04d750799
im in love and dont wanna go  sad 
i dont know why but i find myself in those situations i say i will never be in  
how do people walk in like 7 inch heals?? i can barley walk in 1inch heals and wat makes matters worse <propfemale> it turned around i realizzed it was a dude in them heals  
if you got a phone txt (aar) to 79922 and vote  
it is so damn hard to fight for someone if your not sure if thhey will fight for you too  
who da f**k wears socks and flip flops anymore?? thats been played out a long time ago    and never wear small brightly colored underware that can show through your pants   thats just nasty   people arnt your friends if they let you out the house like that   ughhhh   
cant stop thinking about it    
famous in my own little world
on my way to atlanta!!
bout to go home and wash this nappy head of mine   
ready to eat luunch     um so hungry   
ready to leave this place called school    cant wait till the end!!!
today is gonna be a fun and hot day!!  hope i can keep uup with it  
"notice how the \small\"" things you hate that others do are the same \""small\"" things that you do!!"""
"my weekend is oficiialy comming to an end!!! and all i gotta say is that i had alot ove fun and will never forget this    an if you know wat um talkin bout umm still laughin at the \you know watt\""!!!!"""
sis just did my nails   and now um talkin to the best man alive!! so i will see yall later so i can finish my nails and talk to my boo   
recently got home   today was crazy!! i was a complete iidiot annd um hungry and cant wait till my <propfemale> brings me some food   still debating on what i want to do with my saturday   i might see all yall later <propfemale> i figure wat i wana do   
cookout at my house!! dont come unless i  call you cuz you wont get any food    (if your family you can come )
my day was great   too many weeks of testing cant wait till school is out and i can sleep in almost every day!!
today i had  to go to the docter; tomorrow i got a test and a banquit   so ill see yall later  
my skin is still red!!!!! omg it needs to hurry up and go away     ugh!!
wat do you do <propfemale> your stomach hurts and you feel woozy   ive tried everything and nothing works   i think that im gonna slapp it earlier than usual (insider)  
"they say that the best thing to do is wait, but how long can a person wait before they want more out of the situation  "
"why is it that everything you \want\"" comes with a price? is this gods message; telling us not to \""want\"" any more!! well what if i dont \""want\"" anymore? will everything still be the same?"""
life is confusing!!! why does there got to be so many paths that are constantly changing   why cant there be just one  that stays the same     ugh!!!
so gladd to get out of school so early   cant wait for the summer to slapp me across the face      excited yet man at the world   
on my own in mi mind   cant help myself   gotta do wat i gota do 
schools out finally    so excited for the summer   uma put some pictures upp next week or so well wenver  get the <propmale>   but ill see yall wenever an jjust know you will be missed   
my summa is just gettin started!!! cant wait till tomorrow even though i have no clue what i am doing    im still excited   
cant wait to get my hair done    yeah!!!
finally got my hair done    well a few hours ago but still i m loving these curls   
"my curls just got destroyed by the rain  sad   \idk if i should put them back in    or is this a sign that im not supposted to have them  "
i decided to take the curls out which seems like a bad idea because i am supposed to be running this week and all to follow    oh well  
cant wait for saturday!!!
goin to my friends house later on today  and a party on saturday   my summer may not be all that bad after all   
"the movie \just right\"" was amazing   well i figured that <propfemale> latifa and common were gonna get together but it was still great  but anyways good night persons  off to eat then bed cuz i gotta get up early so i an run b4 the sun omes out   and then i will party the rest of the day    smile """
celtics dominated tonight    awsome   and i just got home from anotha party   now back to another week of summer followed by another awsome weekend  
peach jello s the best flavor ever   and i am offiicially a sophmore   so 3 more years of high school and then i am out   time is going by so fast 
waiting                    
another day the same     summa  sad 
celtics from begining <propfemale> end   
talking (not to myself cuz im known for that   but its not wierd unless you answer your self back which i dont do )    but on the other hand i had 3 big cups of coffee and um still sleepy  wat is wrong with <propfemale>??? (dont aznswer rhat question  its retorical )
came back from another awsome weekend but now i got to go back to work!
today im wondering  
why do fast food places have you drrive arround the whle place before you can get to the window  
got my hair done!!!! would take pics but i dont feel like it   maybe later   but it can finally reach my back  
"why are ppl <propfemale> get wit me or <propfemale> tell me that we together!! if i wanted you you would already know by now!! sum of yall lil kids need to stop flexin, and fix ya face cuz it dont look right  "
lookin for sharks!!
i change my mind  i am no longer looking or sharks cuz they hard too nd down here where i liive   ugh   this sucks 
boondocks!! no homo 
"i hate when \older\"" people esp  men stare at me forever and a day  but its like i dont wan2 look back but for some reason i do and then i get \""those eyes\""  """
me and my mom ran 4 <propmale> today!!!! we did it in less than 50 minutes and now i am kinda sleepy  
"all i got to say is \old town morrow\"""""
just watched the bet awards!! now watchen the boondocks  
who eats fried oreos and pickles?? that sounds sik and looks sik   ugh!!
honestly   do i look like i care??
enjoying myself
i had no idea you could call ppl on facebook 
i love my hair  
bordumm   
txting ppl   and i want my leggs to tan cuz they are just white  ugh!!
hersheys cookies & cream chocolate  love it  
almost finished!!!!!!!! cant wait!!!!!
p c b  was awesome!
cant wait for monday 
ugh! im not done with my summer yet!!
got more red!!
got to go back  ahhh 
why antt  everybody just make up their mind  this is just wierd and conusing  
all my days of being in school ive never seen it so frikkin  crowded   it waasnnt like this last yr  if it gets worse uma leave cuz dis aint funni  
got through the week and now i dont wana go back  
today was awesome!!!  wish every day was like this 
i wish i knew how it wulda been   aah  
i might go  but idk 
the game was awesome and i got to see ppl i didnt se in a long time  glad we won   but one thing i dont get is why do guys walk up to me e playful eting to get my number?? if thats all you have to say thenn dont talk to me  its that simple goodness not even a hello!! and to make it worse he used soomeone  elses phone!! let me stop  
i hate peeling a orange and the skin is like 3inches thick an the orange itself is smaller than my thumb   smh 
all in my mind  
6 months and a week from now is gonnna be the day!!
dont kno why sum ppl try to abbreviate words   its like wat <propfemale> you put s longer than the actual word   omg jus put the word cuz its aggrivating!!
hard times are the stairs leadiing up to a palace  
"justt watched the best movie <propfemale> \brown suger\"" now im waiting on my hair to dry   sad """
make up your mind silly!!
bottoms up! my new fav  song 
i feel as if i dont have a say in anything anymore!!
seven dollars went to waste today 
i had a fun a exciting day today!! i bet tomorrow isnt gonna be 
this bus needs too hurry up and get here!!! all my patients is gone  
no hands!!
i am so hot!! an dk wat to do with myself  
resident evil 3d is the movie to see   it was awesome  
2 late nights in a row! im still not home yet 
my  long night has come to an end    i finally  made it home so goodnight!!
"vma's   um lovin it so far   cant wait to see usher, he better sing my song!!"
man i love drake!!! but why is kanye makin a apperence? he kno nobody wanna see him  
why do kanye think he da best an  why he got a red suit on  he dont look good   he shoulda stayed home   i wish i could jump through the screen   an watt in da world is he singin  
yall should try the strawberry-mango limonata from <propfemale> garden
ahh! im a bear  smile 
ugh!!
im cold!!
movie night wit my sister  laugh 
ahh! relaxed  smile 
went blind bout 2 hours ago haha  laugh 
why is it that you say you came frm da nail salon and yo toes look like dat?? its not attractive an looks a hot mess   sad 
ugh  sad 
finally found my car!!
cards anyone?? finna go out in a <propfemale>  smile 
cannt sleep  cant even close my eyes   american pie is pretty good so far   wonder why i  dont see black ppl lmao  
imy 
why does life have to be so compliated   sad 
there are some ppl that shouldnt be allowed to wrute songs cuz its embarrising to  listen to some of these  
by holding onto unneeded bagage i fail to grab the things that are really important me  
yesterday was awesome   i wonnder how today is gonna end up  
i hate the fact that flys can fly but i cant  sad 
 sad 
lsu tigers!!!!!!!!!
brah!!!
cant stop thinking
their is always that one person that is lost in a convo   haha and i hate when its me  smile 
 sad 
lsu @ auburn!!
? on everything ?
i thought i knew but i guess i dont anymore
i really want a pineapple!!!
cant wait any longer 
dk how i should feel right now  
im reppin theta's!!!
had a great day today!! happy my team won against alabama!!!!! now im just chillin wit my friends  smile 
half on  annoyed 
lsu wins again!! lsu and ole miss 43-36
counting!!!
hope you guys have a good thanksgiving like i am!!!
i think i need to change things up some  annoyed 
tomorrow was awesome and i cant wait see what yesterday feels like  
cant sleep  sad 
if only i had a apple  laugh 
romans revenge!!
i am in love with this game!!
dont want to take exams iin the mornin so im wathin a movie   ttm  laugh 
sometimes the best choice is not to choose at all  
i love stuff that smell like febreze  smile 
no!! i dont want any <propfemale>      sad  lol just kidding! gimmie 
only 1 more hour smile 
<propfemale> christmas!!!
ha   ha   ha    that wasn't funny at all!!!!!
bye jersey   hi again <propfemale>  sad 
i swear  the regular show is stupid funny!!!
always boring 
i feel like i could be doing more  but i cant do anything    sad 
is so excited    cant believe the game's gonna start in a <propfemale>  laugh 
i cannt wait to see what <propfemale> is gonna do next   they shoulda made two episodesbecause now i gotta wait till next week   laugh 
stuck! (not on ppl but on myself)
the ladies man = lmvo stupidd!!!
blindfurry!!!! he know he bbe killin it!!!  laugh 
ughhh!!! ii cant sleep  sad 
bumble <propfemale> rocks!
today was so funny  
almost there!
skittles smile 
glad the week is over  cheers!!!
ilove comedy central!!
eliot <propfirst> is killin me   (in a good way!)  i swear im just on the floor crying  
for the first time im glad to dream  smile 
excited!!!
my hair is red again  smile 
today was a good day  smile 
the day after is starting to feel really good 
i wish i knew when  sad 
all i need right now is me and my music  smile 
had too much fun today!!! watched the funniest movie with my tamf and i dont want today to end  laugh 
just go with it is the movie!!! i think im in love with it
 sad  i couldnt laugh all day  sad  i want to but at the same time i dont want to suffer the consequences 
i cant believe im still awake  sad 
the hair show is awesome!! cant wait to see the hair battle i a lil bit  
man do wanna sleep   but i cant cuz i gotta fiinish these notes   #i really need sum to keep me awake right now!!    -_-
my eye hurts  sad 
on my way home from the track meet   and i gotta say that ug did awesome!!  smile 
i need to sleeep so i can run tomorrow but thee is something keeping me up and idk what it is!!
time to chill hopefully  smile 
bord and tired sad  so tired that i cant even sleep  
"50,50  100"
the sign on the soor clearly says pull but yet im looking at a man who keeps pushing   smh!!
its easier to <propfemale> the cat out of the bag then trying to put it back in later on --- fortune cookie 
im craving animal crackers  
dk watt to put on my status so this is it  smile 
weeds is like my new show now   i just cant stop watching it!!
bulls did pretty good smile  ii just hope my lakers do better laugh 
ima be a rapper!! lmao
