9b1fcf58c16ae8f58d2c2d3de022c683
new facebook
i just sold 18 <propfemale> bars in one day!!!!!!!!!!!!! if you want a <propfemale> bar bring a dollar to school tomorrow  no money= no chocolate  no exceptions!!!!!!
in all i have sold 33 candybars  i feel so accomplished
i have sold all of those candybars in less than two days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay meeeeeee!!!!!!!!
pa-pa pa-pa roxi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow  reading chain letters nd im startin to get a little scared     happy valentines day!
"adios fb  hope everyone had a good valentines day   nd if u didnt then o well, theres always next year "
up early in the morning thought my day would be wack          guess what? it was!
its a whole different world at nite smile 
today was a pretty good day from       start to finish smile 
today was(extremely)awkward at first       but eventually got better towards the end!
im soooooo tired 
a cellphone would mmake such a big difference in my boring life
goin to church tomorrow like sabriya dixon told me to    makin her proud smile 
why is it that im always on facebook on the wrong time? ughh!
oy! i gotta do this project by myself    just as i suspected ughh!
"ughh! sabriya, sabriya, where fort <propmale> thou sabriya dixon??"
i still gotta write that sonnet for la class oy!
omg! i thought my two best buds sabriya dixon and tionne lashe' were dead cus i havnt tlked to them in forever!
this gurll named sabriya j mckinnon dixon is too stupid to understand sum of da most simplist things      she's such a blondie smile 
why is it that the people you've known since forever don't got your back but peole who you met last week will stick up for you no matter what?
tionne lashe' and sabriya j mckinnon dixon i got something to tell you both   but i gotta tell ya at the same time    it's very shocking 
im feelin soooooo much better!
sooooo many people on fb but it's all the people that i don't want to talk to    bye 
today was a gggrrrrrrrrrrreeeaaatttt day for me!!!! smile 
it's so hard tryin to e playful lain sumthin to sumone that doesn't kno anything about the situation
all of a sudden it feels like everyone is being back-stabbed 
oh tionne lashe' and sabriya j mckinnon dixon!!! why oh why do you say the things i don't want you to say!!!
well since tionne lashe' and sabriya j mckinnon dixon tagged me in their posts sayin that they love me i might as well do the same thing  i love you both!!!
ay dios mios(i think that's how u spell it)!!!i gotta delete all of the history so my father doesn't know that i was on facebook!ugh!!!
so boring in this dumb house 
happy easter!!!
mad-boring in this house 
sabriya j mckinnon dixon is makin me laff so hard rite now!!!
this morning was sooooooooooooooo scary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jus got my invitation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
church!
why in the world are all these random people adding me{{!!weird!!}}???
watchin the <propfemale> and the frog(bootlegg)!!
adios fb   goin to sleep
omg!!! my frikkin computer is actin soooo frikkin slow nd it made me miss my opportunity!!! ugh!!!
too many misunderstandings today    
i thought today was one of the happiest day of my life but once i think about it it's actually one of the worst days of my life 
talkin to tionne lashe' is makin me feel better!
tommorrow is gonna be a tough day for me!!! but on the bright side im jammin' to 'all nite long' rite now smile 
<propfemale> murphy has given me some really good advice today!!!
goin to my sista's new place   
i have some great sister(and a brother)!!!!!!!
mann i still gotta read them chapters of that book   
it seems that i have disappointed tionne flockaa lashe'   
chorus concert was fun last nite smile 
sooo happy for many reasons today!!!
i had one math problem for homework but i didn't do it!!!! guess i gotta do it tomorrow in the morining!!
soooo happy!!! my brother hit the baseball for the first time and got mvp of the week!!!!!!!
one of the first times that i'm actually sooooo happy to go back to school tomorrow!!!!!
gotta wash this piece of crap that i call my hair   ugh   but there's school tomorrow smile 
heard some very shocking news today 
<propfemale> owens and <propfemale> jones are two of the greatest friends i have smile 
fridays are usually good for me but mine hasn't been turning out so great   
jus got another random request from sum random 40yr old guy again         creepy-_-
im tired of people stealin my food!!!!i came home jus now nd thought i would eat me sum oreos but i dont see any      at all!!!!stop stealin my food!!!!!!!
my day has jus gotten a whole lot better smile 
err'body nd they mama is online except the ppls i want to tlk to    smh    adios fb
i shud b gettin ready but this fb is jus soooo addicting!!!
hope my day keeps goin well good smile 
that track banquet was waaaaaay to long nd boring 
had a good day today smile 
"its not the fear of telling you, its the fear of what you will say back    this quote e playful lains me just right "
i know way too many people here right now that i didn't know last year who the f*** are y'all???
got my first (and only) silly band today smile         but now i lost it and can't find it sad 
doin over 100 math problems is mos def not fun ugh
going running smile 
a lot of people are happy about today being the last day of school but i kindoffish didn't want it to end sad 
jus got the hair done nd the eyebrows waxed nd i'm feelin gud  smile 
going to my sister's graduation today!  smile   sad 
i hate being b-o-r-e-d 
i watched paranormal activity last nite nd was so scared i slept with my tv and lights on 
"keep your friends at a distance and your enemies close  cuz the folks you call friends, can envy the most \-cassidy"""
let's do this celtics!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's not fair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate the lakers> sad  ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg!! my brother nd sister are arguing over the stupidest thing nd it's jus soooo funny!!!
these people got me dyin laffin smile 
jus woke up nd imma bout to make sum biscuits smile 
<propmale> gump  smile 
library 
b-o-r-e-d sad 
saw a movie last nite nd saw a preview for paranormal activity 2 nd it was sooooo scary that i actually screamed a couple of times   
goin out with my sis
i h-a-t-e being in pain > sad 
i can't wait until my birthday smile 
i don't care what anybody says  you're never too old to play with dolls!!!
my birthday is in 11 days  smile 
i wanna be a billionare soooooo frikkin bad nd buy all the things i never had  smh -_-
i never knew my mother read oprah's magazine   
i'm surprised i'm on facebook even though i'm in best buy  smile 
spain  smile 
bouta start my summer reading -_-
my summer is jus gettin worse nd worse smh
i'm so excited about my birthday tomorrow  laugh 
happy birthday to my lil brother <propfirst>!!!!!
cereal 
bored outta my mind   
quit daydreaming kid  you need to get your cranium checked  you thinkin likin alien  it just aint realistic 
jus got reeeeaaaaaaallll happy smile 
sooo tired of ppl rite now       idk how imma put up with all of these ppl <propfemale> skool starts smh
i wanna cut my hair sooooooo badly!!!
mothers are so stubborn -_- smh
why is it that rite <propfemale> i get on fb they always gotta get off?!?smh
lookin bummy but feelin comfortable smile 
this upcoming first day of skool is gonna be jus like last years: im gonna hate it 
hair salon smile 
"gotta dress cut today,there's barely anyone in my classes, and 99 9% of all freshmans are annoying     aside from that i had a gud day "
thank god for sparknotes com  laugh 
10 moreeeeee daysssssss!!!!!!!  laugh 
sytycd  laugh 
ha ha ha!!!! that gurls weave is a hhhhhhhooooooootttttt mmmmmmeeeeessssss!!!!!!
why is it that the littlest things tionne firece lashe' says to me bothers me the whole entire day???
really surprised that my voice doesnt hurt  laugh 
watchin step up 2  smile 
when you think outside of the box all ur left with is jus space 
i liked my freshman year a whooooole lot better than this sophomore 
some people r jus sooooo ignorant > annoyed smh
had a really fun time today   smile 
startin homework 
sum ppl r jus soooooo ignorant it annoys me > annoyed 
one of the easiest ways to solve a problem on fb is to just block them smile 
"criticize all you want, success speaks for itself "
lasciatemi morire  smile 
eatin mcdonalds  smile 
facebook is not a diary so stop making it into one 
gettin real tired of my dearest father spying on me whenever i'm on the computer > annoyed 
my brother is such a kid  laugh 
"<propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale> jones, you guys ready for tomorrow??? smile "
sooooo   this mandatory tutoring thing is not my cup of tea-_-smh
i wanna go to the fair!!!
i looooooovvvveeeee a capella groups!!!
home-schooled people annoy me#imjussayin
not tryna sound conceited or anything but imma really nice person(to those who i care about)  smile 
it's funny when people say that they're smart but actually turn out to be extremely stupid 
it's funny how one second she says she only told one person but then the next second she says everybody was asking her about it#stupidpplgetonmynerves#
tomorrow is gonna be a brand new day nd im gonna start it out rite laugh 
i hate it when people try to deny that they don't be creepin on fb when that's basically all there is to do on fb 
it's funny when a girl has a lot of face pics even though her eyeliner is all messed up 
hurray for tionne superrbadd lashe'!!!!! laugh 
smurffin'  smile 
it's funny ironic stupid weird how last year i hated almost all of my teachers but loved all of the people in my classes but this year i love all of my teachers but hate almost everyone in my classes   smh 
going to church smile 
having a hard time hemming this dress!
i hate that it takes soooo long to load up a video -_-
omgomgomgomgomg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i jus saw one of the most disgustingest things in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my audition could have gone a lot better sad 
"i think it's funny when people put \i aint gonna lie\"" or \""i'll rate u honestly\"" as their status but tell complete lies to the people who liked their status  that's why you'll never see my status as that because i would actually be honest and a lot of people really don't want to hear my honest opinion   """
"the things i find easy, others find hard; the things i find funny, others find stupid; the things i find taboo, other find acceptable    oh how i love being different laugh "
forever young!!! i want to be forever young!!!
church laugh 
i hate how people are stingy and greedy when giving something away wouldn't affect them in any way whatsoever > annoyed  i'll never do anything nice for that stupid girl again!!!
it's a little strange how there are barely any leaves in my neighbor across the street's yard and almost all the leaves on their trees are gone but there's a million leaves in my yard and almost all of the leaves are on the trees          
i am so disappointed 
my sister has been singing for 2 hours straight    ugh!!!
"greatest man in history named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe jesus is the reason for the season"
this break has given me a lot of time to do some serious studying smile 
"the more i try to avoid ignore a person, the more i see them "
"people can sound really humble deep on fb, but in real life they're complete opposites "
my teacher tells us not to go to sparknotes com and use their information because they're not a reputable site but come to find out everything that she says is from there!
finally i'm home!!!!
my spring break has been going very peacefully smile 
