d85541a924133be8fb56a81c0f0976dc
i love paramore 
i just had the worst day ever! i thought it was not imaginable  haha i still can't believe i fell 
"yumm, i havent had a <propfemale> drink from surf city forever!"
i finally know what im gonna be for halloween 
finally got some <propfemale>   smile 
i have soooo   much homework 
my stomach has been hurting for two days straight now 
i like morning walks  smile 
shopping today!  smile 
"i wish i went to sf today, but had to go to the dentist "
im excited for tommarrow  smile 
i neeeeeddddd a graphing calculator haha 
im excited for my birthday!
flooooorida in one more day!  smile 
excited for christmas  smile 
"in punjab! in the train, going to shimla  can't wait to get there gonna see the himalaya range, and play in the snow "
the himalayan mountains are humongouslyy huge!  surprise 
"wow, did way too much today  got lost in the hotel, hiked in ice, rode on a horse, saw my cousin make a horse fall then jump off it haha, drove on roads where no car has chains, dirt roads, w  an icy road  then went to the famous mall road that goes all the way to china smile  now to see rock garden, and go back to delhi!"
home sweet home  smile 
i like to walk home in the rain 
"ew i have soar throat, i hope it doesn't stay for the whole break  & happy valentines day  smile "
just went for a jog  smile 
"ew, i just swallowed my gum "
sooo happy with my grades!  smile 
"taco <propfemale>, was yuuuuuuummy "
pina colada flavored sobe is the best!
soooooooo cold!!
i hope it doesn't rain much tommarrow 
so tired   
cant wait to watch <propfemale> in wonderland tommarrow!!
"fun time visiting monterey, climbed up a huge hill!! & went to <propfemale> "
i hope the cahsee isn't too hard
i want a haircut!
i got my haircut  smile  going to valley fair now? okay  smile 
i love falling asleep listening to the rain  smile 
question of the day: why do we save water if the oceans are over flowing?  smile  i'd like to know 
nachooooooooooooooos for dinner yuuuum  smile 
i hate when my feet are cold 
today was fun at ihop  smile 
time for lost!!
"who knew lemons were so e playful ensive? haha well now me and benish do, fuuuun day!  smile "
i can't wait to get our keychains at the teen center tommarrow
i hope the weather is good again today
"i love ice cream  smile  i wish we made those shrinkydinks, gotta wait till monday or tuesday "
my teeth hurt so bad 
boored at home alone 
hooray i can actually curl my hair
"so much fun tonight, i loved that movie, one of my favorite now  smile "
april showers bring may flowers  smile 
i love the smell o febreeze haha 
"tabs is a cheating way of playing music, you should be able to read music if you play an instrument "
watching diary of <propfemale> <propfirst>
i can't believe i have a loose tooth lol 
every monday i get excited for lost and then i remember it's not tuesday yet 
time for 4 hours of english <propfemale> testing  annoyed 
"had fun today, climbed a tree lol, i can't handle anymore of this <propfemale> testing"
modern family is a cool show 
"i wish it was pajama day again i'm so ready to wear mine to school, i think i have pink eye  annoyed "
i love riding my bike  smile 
my mom just made the most delicious salad ever 
yay it's spring break finally  smile 
i have to wake up early tommarrow  annoyed 
dr  pepper is the best!
pizza for dinner  smile 
hahaha i lovee the <propfirst> simmons show  smile 
who knew changing bed sheets was this hard? haha 
chilling with beans  smile 
finally made benish sit down and watch lost!  smile 
"fun day, super tired now!"
lost only has four more episodes! makes me excited but sad 
the rain is pyscho right now 
gossip girl is actually a cool show 
had fun touring <propmale> campus at midnight and staying at jaya didi's  smile 
"<propfemale> <propfirst> beach boardwalk, in the long california sun  smile "
i really don't want to go to school tommarrow 
benish y yo hablábamos  yup  smile 
ice cream!  smile 
i wish lost's next episode would be aired already!!
my grandparets are coming from <propfemale> finally!!!! i'm sooo happy & excited!!!!!  laugh 
"listening to some oldddd songs, and changing bedrooms once again "
"totes my goats finally makes sense to me  smile  i just watched i love you man, hilarious "
feels like summer  smile 
starbucks ice cream is best melted 
i had egg for the first time in a long time a few years and it was nasty 
i cannot believe that lost just made me cry this is the most sad episode!!
"haha \can you beat that?\"" benish says \""obviously\"" hahah were playing thirteen  smile """
"yummy i had chipotle for dinner and now i'm way full i think teres a bird nest outside my window because all day long there's a chirp, talk about annoying  can't wait for the lost episode it's gonna be the one with no cast member in it, and especially talking about it with gabby all day made me excited  smile "
"cleaning, cleaning, cleaning   "
"i really wanna paint my room, it's so white haha "
gol gappey yummy!!  smile 
"having fun watching old home videos super funny, now i know my sister used to <propmale> me  around with branches and the crazy parties, good times  smile "
i love jimi hendrix  smile 
i hope it stops raining after today 
haha i was so excited all the way on my walk home for my grandparents i come home go upstairs and there sleeping lol
great i woke up with a swollen eye
today is a beautiful day  smile 
i love starbucks for having happy hour this week 
5th period made me addicted to card games haha   smile 
coldplay has the best lyrics  smile 
fun day at cheesecake factory 
never thought tutoring could be that fun but harjots awesome  smile 
i really hate this weather!
fun day with harjot and <propfemale>  smile 
"whaaaaaaaat?? <propmale> bass died in gossip girl, that's crazy!!"
"i have never heard anything more funny then this, so this man wants to come and say his condolences to my grandpa for my uncle, and he thought the doorbell was the garage's button to open & close  haha! and my mom freaked out "
ugh worst headache at 3am can't sleep  annoyed 
it's a beautiful morning  smile 
i feel so sick  sad 
why does the conditioner always run out faster then the shampoo? really irratating 
mangos are delicious  smile 
had in n out yumm  smile 
summer is <propfemale> close!  smile 
lost season finale tonight! can't wait 
"haha roses are red, violets are blue 4,8,16,23,42  that made me crack up   smile "
omg  smile 
i love happy endings smile 
finally getting some english homework done  smile 
"sleeepy, mondays last <propfemale> long!"
i would love to go to sleep right now
 smile 
i just looked at my lunch money and then my sisters and i had 2 dollars she had two 20's and i forgot she was going to grad night lol
sleeepyy
"tutoring with harjot is fun&hilarious, haha "
listening to some oldd songs with benish  smile 
i'm excited for this weekend and tommarrow  smile 
i hope the weather stays this way!
i just curled benish's hair and did a horrible job!! haha hilarious!
wowww me and benish took 4 hours to curl each others hair! it's crazy i don't understand why it took us <propfemale> long haha! love you benish 
that was a fun party  smile 
i love eating lemon  smile 
can't wait to go swimming!
i have a new fav fruit! called laukat but the problem is that idk what it's called in english  and anyone know a good movie to watch?
i'm super happy we have tommarrow off!
i like watching the sun rise 
"my eyes are buurning! after swimming, it sucks "
"great, my mom took away my ipod touch, because i wasnt studying when i dont have any studying to do, and while my friend was at my house   annoyed "
the office never fails to amuse me  smile 
yess i finally found my phone!
"frozos is yummy! i saw the funniest bumper sticker today that said  save the planet, kill yourself  haha "
"i just realized today is my half birthday haha, officially 15 and a half   smile "
feels like summer!  smile 
"fun friday at school, did noothing but fiestas!"
"haha, i love spending time with b  smile "
"dear <propfirst>, was suchhh a great movie! so sadd "
"today i planned to study all day, but instead had lots of fun with the family, and especially that crazy kid aryan!  smile "
"sooo tired, my arms are sore! not looking forward to school tommarrow "
"my eyes burn! i'm not going swimming for a while now, haha "
"fun day smile  now i have tutoring, math and chem for 2 hours   sad  haha "
i would love to take a nap right now   smile 
"i love my grandpa, he's so fun to just talk to and eat <propfemale>'s with haha!"
in n out is the best!  smile 
why is it <propfemale> cold in june?  annoyed 
i'm so happy i got all my stuff done before tutoring 
"math and chem finals tommarrow, then no more school!  smile "
so much fun today chilling and swimming with benish and <propfemale> and harjot
"summer finally feels like its starting! cannot wait til tommarrow, today was sooo much fun!"
"fun day with harjot, swimming, watching the office and reading magazines  smile "
hope the graduation is gonna be fun tommarrow 
oh wow my sister is starting to walk and my mom hasn't even picked me up yet!
"today was sooo much fun, congrats to class of 2010 again  smile "
dance practice went well  smile  everyones gonna love it!
"ice water, yum  smile "
"i haven't read this much in a day in years, today was a fun day with my grandpa!"
soooo bored!
wow it took 3 hours for my mom to wake me up today  finally going shopping after such along time!
"haha everytime i logg in i'm either poked my <propfemale>, beans, or my sister "
determind to finally wake up early tommarrow  smile 
well plans to wake up early failed
went for a nice walk on the trail and now watching the sunset  smile 
i seriously hate when my guitar is <propfemale> out of tune 
"wii is <propfemale> much fun, gonna buy one <propfemale>n! had fun at dance practice today   smile "
"i love gettin my nails done, until a nail gets messed up "
i miss watching trl everyday haha
castles made of sand  
i can't sleep because there is a mosquito in my room  annoyed 
good night 
"tired! ready to go swimming with saman tommarrow, now i gotta go learn that song on my guitar for her lol!"
"had lots of fun with <propfirst> today, now it's time to dance  smile "
"only i can manage to get a sunburn right before a wedding, and on my face, but all and all dancing and getting mhendi done was <propfemale> much fun, can't wait to see aryan and neel tommarrow  smile "
and lol happy birthday to my dad!  smile 
"today was wayyy too much fun, absolutley cannot wait til tommarrow and the dancing  smile "
"i am super happy i am finally laying in bed after this night, just some highlights of today, dancing, babies, pictures, taco <propfemale>, games, parrallel parking, mostly <propfemale> much fun with everyone "
"<propfirst> and the revenge of the malthazar, awesome movie to wath when your bored  smile "
"i've started to be awake during the night and sleep during the day, not good, lol!"
i hate bugs! there everywhere!
car trunks are actually really comfortable 
<propfemale> is such a pretty color 
"today i sliced my thumb with lychee owww, and tommarrow i plan to finally clean my room  and hopefully watch eclipse"
my hair really grew out!
<propfirst> lautner is such a cuteyy! and twilight was alright 
i love the movie i hate luv stories! my eyes are killing me for sitting so close to the screen  and it was awesome to eat jaya didi's enchiladas again  smile 
"i really need something to do, i'm so boored!"
i can't wait to see fireworks tommarrow  smile 
"i'm surprised i actually woke up, can't wait to go to sf  smile "
"how to train your dragon, is so cute!"
"haha i heard wierd noises in the kitchen and i asked my sister \what is our grandma doing\"" she said \""killing a duck for our dinner hahha """
i really want to learn french it sounds cool  smile 
"watching paranormal activity, freaking outt!!"
do nothing day  smile 
"finally, finally found my phone after like 3 weeks haha!"
"exhausted, went for a hike, ate fresh choice, and crashed for an hour   feet=soreee "
waking up and going swimming is awesome  smile 
yogurtland is delicious!
chilling with <propfemale> i cant believe we walked so far and realized we could have taken the bus and saved alot of time!
why is it <propfemale> hot?!
jamba juice always makes my day! especially when i wake up late for a day with the cousins 
internet on the wii is <propfemale> cool!
"today's my 3rd time watching eclipse, haha wow "
"i saw a racoon for the first time today and then saw 2 more! i love the smell in <propmale>, like trees  smile "
our new fridge is awesome smile 
"lets just say homemade 3d glasses dont work, but homemade ice cream sundaes are delicious smile "
i hate how my fingers still hurt after playing guitar for so long 
so much fun hiking today smile 
drinking ice water with minty gum smile 
"today was fun, discovered places in milpitas i never saw before  and i seriously can never eat chipotle again!!"
"pb&j, chocolate milk, vampire diaries, with <propfemale>  smile "
<propfemale> krishnan is awesomeee!!!  laugh 
today was a lot of fun  smile 
vampire diaries love 
excited for today  smile 
"had <propfemale> much fun in sf, having a picnic, and playing soccer  on the beach with <propfemale> gate bridge, alcatraz, and the whole city in view  & happy bday to dilip bhaiya smile "
i just had the best nachos ever from a little shop in san fransisco  smile 
"wow i can't believe i just trusted my sister to cut my bangs, but she did a good job  smile "
mcdonalds frappe is delicious 
i hate being sick  annoyed 
"i've never seen a movie more ridiculous than splice, especially when you skip through the movie haha "
my hair is starting to look wavy instead of curly these days wierd!
fun day  smile 
it crowd is hilarioussssssssss!
"awesome day, i'm glad we finally finished packing  good night  smile "
"dilip goswami thank you sooooooooooooo much for lending me your guitar!!, it's great  smile "
haha vaccum almost caught on fire today!!
off to sf again  smile 
"registration tommorrow, reminds me school is starting annoyed "
my schedule is awesome  smile 
"salt was a good movie, they better make a 2nd one "
"i bought a pink lamp, it's awesome  smile "
"had fuun with <propfemale> augusto! at the carnival, even though i bruised my shoulder "
unbearable heat!! & happy raksha bandhan   smile 
"i hate when there's a song stuck in your head but you don't remember who sang it, or in my case the lyrics either haha "
alum rock park is awesome smile  school tommarrow!
classes are alright  i can't believe mr  keller is gone  feels weird to be back at school 
the real housewives of new jersey was crazy tonight  good night smile 
"school, dentist appointment, then begin online classes  i'm already tired  annoyed "
"i can't believe my wisdom tooth is really grown, i have to remove it in the next few weeks  hurts so bad  annoyed "
longest wednesday ever!
wow i have a flip flop and a sandal tan on my foot lol 
"go to google today, the sign looks awesome! haha "
"my sister just called the number from kiss me thru the phone, and it actually went to soulja boys phone number hahahah!!"
i finally learned how to make those bracelets with the strings   smile 
vampire diaries was awesome tonight!
"this week went by fast, it's the weekend!"
i love harjot bath and <propfemale> augusto! had so much fun with them today  smile 
i love wednesdays!
the office marathon  smile 
"today was a fun day, cant wait for vampire diaries tonight!!"
"can't wait for the foot ball game, today was a fun friday!  smile "
we won smile  it was an awesome day!
sitting in the freezing cold at the lake lol 
too much homework!
"i love spinich, it's so delicoious  smile "
vampire diaries was crazyyy tonight!
i have an awesome new phone!  smile 
lol i love the office!!
fun weekend with the family! happy birthday again to prachi awasthi and rinky chopra!
"this weather is horrible, the fan is on but i'm still hot!!"
the family feud application is so fun lol   smile 
cool i just drove for the first time!! but it was boring haha 
jeepers creepers was wayyy too scary!! going to sleep smile 
wow i just learned a lot about vanilla beans smile  and got <propfemale> augusto and axanti <propfirst> addicted to lost!
"hahahhaa me axanti drank too much coffee, and then computer went blank, started talking, and we threw our pillows at it smile "
"wow me and axanti are still awake, but its raining yay!!"
i have sparkly blue nails haha   smile 
cold!  smile  cant wait for the rain!
can't wait for the next episode of gossip girl!!
i hate mushrooms!! ew!!
"hahha @grishakapil \bet you can't do that\"" haha  now it rains!"""
"i hate waking up from naps, after you didn't e playful ect to take one, and remember you have homework  annoyed "
i love this rain! smile 
almost vampire diaries time! lol smile 
can't wait for the game smile 
"today was a good day, go trojans!  smile "
"hahha  snl smile  & wow, yesterday i purchased my ticket at the football game, found out i got in for free got mad, and then today i realized i could get in free the next one smile )"
cool i just realized it's 10 10 10!! and good night 
"wow fun weekend!!!, and great performance by jaya goswami and sayali shetye goswami i really enjoyed it and your teacher was amazing smile "
lol i love my best friend <propfemale> augusto can't wait to watch lost tommorrow 
i hate mornings  annoyed 
"wow, i just wasted my time today, now i gotta do lots of homework "
"i can't believe the tv did that to me and <propfemale> lol, the one time she came over to watch vampire diaries, it wasn't even on!! today was fun smile "
finally i saw benish after 4 months!! today was awesome  smile 
yay it's raining 
this week is going by reallyyy slow  annoyed 
"even though we lost today, go trojans! smile  got me a free foam finger, woo  lol "
finally gonna go buy headphones  smile  haha 
just finished my history report in 20 minutes lol smile 
naptime!
"green apples, and gossip girl   smile "
it's thursday!! lol 
"today was muchoo fun, got scared in 5th and 6th period  can't wait to watch vampire diaries with best friend tomorrow, then it's halloweeeeeeeen!  smile "
my grandma is watching hum apke <propmale> khon  and it reminded me how much i watched that movie when i was little i still know all the lines haha!
"fun night, paranormal activity 2 wasn't as scary as the first one but it still was  gonna go to sleep and hopefully i won't be sick in the morning! night "
had fun at sydnie's birthday! & caught up with harjoth smile 
happy halloween!
"halloween was pretty fun, got lots of <propfemale>  but i'm still sick, it sucks  annoyed "
green tea is super delicious 
been sitting in bed for 30 <propfemale> and i still don't wanna get up 
watching the giants parade on tv and everyone boo'd the governator 
idk what to do for mr  masuda essay  so i give up lol 
"now i have bruised knees from mcdonald's play place! they should put cushions in there lol   smile  now i've gotta do homework  annoyed  and then school tomorrow, we should have the rest of the week off!"
my grandpa's hilarious  smile  time to eat corn on the cob and wait for best friend to do her homework so we can watch vampire diaries! cuzz it's thursday! lol 
"happy diwali, to all my fellow indians smile "
"today was a lot of fun, go trojans! we won, lol  & had fun with the cousins, burned myself with sparklers but it was okayy good night!"
i love the rain!!
"8 pages of song to download with <propfemale>, lol "
i love when you can't stop listening to a song on repeat for days
yay no school tomorrow smile 
haha the office love    man i wish i didn't have school tomorrow!
"wow, i finished all my community service smile "
i'm postponing starting my homework  annoyed 
"lol i love watching irt deadliest roads, especially because my dad is like, yeah i've driven there "
"<propfemale> augusto and i had an awesome day, had a trip down memory <propfirst> about science camp, haha including her little sister who claims to have been there smile ) and it was all funn  love my best friend!!"
"in the theater bout to watch <propmale> potter, doing homework, lol smile "
"i went all day with two hours of sleep, i have no idea how i did it, but good night!! haha!"
had way to much fun with the cousins smile  haha 
time to study for two tests and start on lab reports!
awesome day smile  found a dollar on the ground and chilled with best friend <propfemale> augusto all day! we can do nothing and still be doing something haha  <propmale> stickers!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving!
"home alone all day, super bored!!"
can't stop listening to shut it down-drake
i got a new haircut looks good smile 
can't wait for tomorrow smile  it's gonna be a good day  haha 
"12-2=10  smile  thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, and it was funny how my balloons flew away after school lol!"
"thanks again to everyone, i had a really good day!!"
"i'm gonna do the cartoon thing, for those of you who have seen my binder don't be surprised for who im gonna pick haha!!"
"yay, officially booked tickets for india smile "
"i love you cousins!!! this was by far the best surprise i've ever had, taking me to my favorite place in the world, sf  & eating ice cream at midnight haha!! thank you love "
"harjot bath happy birthdayyyyy best friend!! your finally 16, were the same age again, well i miss you and i hope you have an awesome day  love "
"today was suchhhhhhhhh a busy day, haha first per was awesome  but grisha kapil happy bday again sisteeeeeeeer!! & fun time with family  smile "
"tireed but can't sleep, so i'm gonna watch despicable me  smile )"
it's raining like craaazy!!! i love it smile 
1 more day to <propfemale>!  smile 
i'm in <propfirst> kong <propfemale>! 15 hour flight are horrrrrible!
"walking around <propfirst> kong airport, bored  3 hours until we can do anything & then 3 more hours to flght  then 3 more hours til <propfemale> haha!"
finallyy in <propfemale>  smile  it's great to see family!!
<propfemale> christmas! cause were a day ahead  smile 
"really, really good night, ate ice cream & visited <propfemale> gate but couldn't find it in the fog hahah   love "
its freeeeezing in <propfemale>  don't feel like getting outta bed lol 
aw little stray puppies untied my shoelace& today was a great e playful erience in new places i haven't seen in delhi smile 
"what a wonderful day, haha  now just got home at 12, drinking tea  2 more days to shimla!"
"just saw three dogs gang up on another dog sooo sad, i hate seeing all these stray dogs hurt in <propfemale> "
"happy new years!!!!! so much fun with little cousins, threw little chakri's fire things into the sky smile  well 5 more hours while not sleeping and then it's off to shimla!! woo!"
"back in delhi, had sooo much fun!"
theres a solar eclipse today & it's visible here  smile 
"haha, everyone's at school, i'm about to sleeep  smile "
"going to a village tomorrow morning, and just met my moms old school friends lol  good night smile "
"just ate sugarcane, yuuum  smile  i'm bringing a whole bunch back home lol "
can't wait to be home!! in <propfirst> kong airport    again  lol 
"such a boring day,   "
"haha had so much fun with <propfemale> augusto today, love you best friend!"
"the weather is awesome right now, it reminds me of summer smile "
harjot bath just surprised me after not seeing her after months  smile 
"busy,busy day!! but got to see the family that was great "
it was an awesome night with harjot bath at her surprise birthday smile 
i had a blast today!  smile 
"man, i hate this weather, can't wait for it to be <propfemale> again!"
it's freeeeezing!! but no school for a week! yay smile 
what a crazzzzzzzy day  lol 
"i probably have to get my wisdom tooth out\in the next few weeks  annoyed  ouccccch "
so not looking forward to school today 
i love sleeping in on saturdays smile 
fridaay morning smile 
"listening to music, goodnight love   smile "
i love oranges! best fruit ever  smile 
so glad to finally be home after suchhhh a long day!!
"<propfemale> augusto & i eat cereal outta cups not bowls smile \& she likes to sit on doritooooos lol!!!"
"wooo!! way to go juniors, we won smile  had a fun time at t o "
<propfemale> pitts did awesome at the school play  smile 
i'm so glad it finally <propfemale>! its been a nice monday smile 
what a longgggggggg day! glad to finally sleep 
"yummm, mexican hot chocolate before bed   smile "
"the dentist numbed my mouth, this sucks!!  annoyed "
man it's hot! & i love it  today was such a greaaat day!!  smile 
had fun time with the family tonight smile  night!
