2951290deb99aeac36cb43b506b8ab11
thinks it kinda sucks that he has to work and then take a math test on his birthday  but it's all good 
hopes that the cash for clunkers <propmale> passes so he can go get a new car!
it's amazing what people put themselves through just for money 
is ready for a good weekend!
it's freakin' awesome that <propfirst> maclin will be on <propfirst> vick's team!
the damn neighbors are playin their gangsta rap as loud as possible (and clearly have a good subwoofer) while i'm trying to study  i miss our nice neighbors   sad 
take-home tests are like scavenger hunts that take you all across the interwebs  it's almost fun in a twisted sort of way 
wishes he had speakers for his computer so he didn't have to wear headphones while writing  i don't like headphones 
ok this chicago trip better be good cause i spent all day yesterday planning it  now for my calculus midterm  wish me luck 
is a fan of music with bass    but not when it's just a slight thumping noise coming from the neighboring apartment  then it's just annoying 
"it's really bitchin' that i can get extra points on my test just by asking for them along with an e playful laination of why the questions were misleading  this just goes to show that if you want something, you just gotta ask sometimes "
cod: modern warfare 2 tonight peeps! make sure to get your $10 gift cards if you're buying your copy at best buy 
"so it is now clear that our congress is mostly made up of idiots or just plain evil  tell me if this makes sense: either you buy healthcare (gov approved plan) or you go to jail and or pay a fine of up to $250,000  who gave the federal governemnt this power? oh yeah, no one! they took it for themselves  there truly just isn't anyone worth voting for anymore is there?"
i wanna do the whole black friday shopping for deals thing but who am i supposed to go with if my girlfriend refuses and my family will be out of town?
is now $150 richer just from opening bank accounts at various banks  any other banks out there wanna give me free money?
"if anyone shops online and wants to save some cash, check out bing's cashback system  http annoyed  www bing com cashback"
"i only have one final left, and it's tonight     but i can't make myself study for it "
hates that feeling when you look at your credit card statement online and realize there's a $39 <propmale> for forgetting to pay the minimum payment of $15! so stupid! i'm tempted to just shred it now 
zing zang bloody <propfirst> mix = delish! brings back memories of my cooking days 
the lemonade diet is tough  but if anyone wants a challenge and to lose some weight this is the healthiest and fastest way! i'm finishing day 6 today 
"the lemonade diet is tough  but if anyone wants a challenge and to lose some weight this is the healthiest and fastest way! i'm finishing day 6 today and have lost nearly 10 pounds  and no, i'm not trying to lose weight    but the abs sure do show now!"
wants food!
"so i'm weird, i know that  today was the first day of the semester for me and i can't help but gladly accept the many challenges that school has to offer in the next few months!"
is officially admitted to ku!!!! what a beautiful conclusion to an already great day!
is conflicted on who to root for tonight  my school is ku but my family and gf are mu and i never keep up with sports anyway  hmm    go team!
"talked to the <propfirst> of architecture admissions at ku today  it's bittersweet knowing i'm practicaly a shoe-in, yet once i'm there i won't graduate with my masters until i'm 28-29 "
"anyone ever beat a red light photo ticket? as far as i can tell it's unconstitutional to fine me for a crime if they can't prove it was me  since when did \innocent until proven guilty\"" reverse?"""
our country has forgotten the importance of the  constitution  our strenght as a nation will not recover until we  remember where we started 
thank you mass effect 2 for being near impossible and convincing me it'd be more fun to do my physics homework 
just got a prank call from a 911 area code  how is this possible?
is goin' to bww to watch ku rock this s**t!
is trying to break away from taking two hours per sketch  i'm too much of a perfectionist!
is counting down the hours until her sis is here tomm!!
is trying to figure out how  to create interactive photos like bing com or facebook does  so now  i've gotta learn html and java i guess 
"how are the new cod maps, i wonder? too much homework!"
wants a system for his cube real bad!
ku orientation all day 
ku orientation = total waste of time
thinks he just aced his physics test!
this is so not my day 
is trying to learn javascript so he can finish his website 
"work until 11pm, then more homework  gotta keep learning js, html, and css so i can get this website built  at least the sun is peeking out now "
one reason i would never make it as a dog owner in the city: im pretty sure i would yak if i had to pick up it's poo on walks  that's just disgusting 
chipotle = yum!
is looking forward to the halo reach beta     and being done with this website!
"oh yeah, i forgot    i'm not supposed to care about anyone  my bad "
wants to be part of something larger than life  an oversized productive goal is just what i need to get my mind off of the fact that i may not truly know myself 
"would possibly buy an ipad if it could multitask and if this whole flash html5 issue were resolved  until then, it's just shy of being worth it "
is eating dunkin' donuts and coffee while finishing his take-home-final  a pleasant morning 
"ok stock market, you can go up now  do we really need to worry that much about greece?"
free chipotle if you ride your bike there between 2 and 4pm today!
can't wait to finally relax and watch lost tonight    and it sounds like i should not fast forward through the target commercials 
is off to work at miami ice  come see me for a cool treat!
giving is only righteous when you don't e playful ect or ask for anything in return 
will finally buy a new copy of microsoft office  the 2010 edition is pretty good it seems 
just found out he likes brazilian accents  that'd be a nice warm place to move after school!
will never buy bp product again!
has been admitted into the school of architecture at ku!!! hell's yeah baby! now i just have to submit my portfolio 
i'm working at miami ice all day today  come get some shave ice or ice cream! we are open until 11pm 
is working on his portfolio to turn in tomorrow 
f kinko's    officemax i'll see ya in the morning 
would love some m-80s! can anyone help me with that?
"can't stand the soaps they play in the nissan service waiting room  on another note, i really can't wait to graduate and start my business "
man 5am sure is early to be working!
should i keep my cell # or get a new kansas one with my new phone?
it's actually kinda nice working in the city early in the morning 
just saw a bike cop in hot pursuit 
success!!!
is not having a good day 
sooooo tired!
yeah that's right   3 5 hours of sleep and i still got up in time to get a bagel and coffee!
and of course when i'm feeling good ahout being early to work i find out i'm two hours late *%#$
anyone have a truck i can borrow tomorrow morning? i need to finish moving  please?
"why can't call centers be run and staffed by americans???? and why do the <propfemale>ns that staff them now always have to be such sticks in the mud? i know <propfemale> has to have some life to it    but judging by those that i speak to through the call centers, they could all be robots  huge pet peeve of mine!!"
the dizzy gillespie and <propmale> <propmale> i am playing at work got a little kid to dance    now that brought a smile to my face  good taste little guy!
option 1: one crazy fast laptop    option 2: good laptop and crazy fast desktop  both options are the same price  what should i do?
day two   
"so far not impressed with my classmates    to young, snobby, or just boring  no good "
italy is beckoning 
"ok, so maybe there are a few interesting ppl here  things are getting better "
"my renewed goal in life is to get to a point where i am living almost entirely self-sufficiently, locally, and sustainably    this is key in my achieving happiness "
wants to live life like <propmale> bethune of the sea shepards!
gotta finish my design so i can get building my model today 
i don't have enough time 
just wants to play same cod or halo 
is not sleeping until this model is done    and may only be at 2% done 
could the halo reach trailer get any better? can't wait!
time for some coffee   
zombie mode: on
wishes progressive auto insurance would go out of business just so their commercials with <propfemale> would be discontinued 
finally my blood pressure is better than normal! thank you valet job!
is starting to appreciate ku's architecture program    but the jccc instructors (<propmale> meadows and <propmale> miller) are certainly missed 
how can they e playful ect us to do so much in so little time?
now that i'm done bombing tests for the day    i'm ready for a beer and a laugh or two!
a man pushed his car to a hotel and lost his fortune  what happened?
i've gotta be done with pessimism 
i'm not loving my design but i guess i've gotta build it now 
"if i didn't know any better, second year studio would have me believing architects are merely overeducated sculptors  this bothers me "
is finally beginning construction on his model!
definitely should have invested in chipotle back when it was like $90 a share  bummer  i need to keep better track of my portfolio 
23rd st k-10 traffic sucks!
it sure would be nice if i could find my wallet 
i will finish my model today!
anyone have extra nascar tickets for tomorrow?
m girlfriend needs to live in <propfirst>    or at least kansas 
wants a wacom cintiq tablet    but they are so e playful ensive!
does anyone want to go to the mu ku football game with us next month? $35  i'm buying tickets today 
"man, the event may shape up to be my favorite show of the season!"
it's always frustrating when your professor can't answer a question    but it is infuriating when profs at this level are utterly clueless except for what they wrote for their lecture notes!
"whatever the outcome, tuesday evening will come as a relief  my stress level is pegging at the redline right now "
what's the next big thing? i would like to get involved please 
it's crunch time!
is already counting the hours until today is over 
debate: is it ok to try on socks and then put them back on the shelf?
is so ready for this semester to end  next semester better bring some worthwhile professors 
despite what you may have heard    you are supposed to tip your valet driver 
is not motivated for this assignment at all  this is a problem 
was just accepted into <propfirst> gaunt's freehand drawing class  i'll take every small accomplishment i can get at this point  it's been a rough semester 
no time or money    so i guess i'll be a valet driver for halloween and just wear my work uniform?
cigarettes = nasty 
after some thought    sirius xm just doesn't stream at a high enough bitrate to justify the cost 
just solved a sketchup problem for the natural forces lab 3a    transparent shadow-casting roof 
misses his friends and family 
just found out i'm half a semester further along in my degree than i had thought! booya!
i guess you have to jump through hoops to cancel your sirius membership    what a bunch of crooks 
i miss hangin with my bros every day 
it's so much easier doing homework with my bro playin' xbox in the background 
so tired   
2012 is the new 2014
too much to do   
it would really be nice if i could find my sketchbook 
remington 1100 maybe?
no work and no school but i'm still required to get up at 6am  thank you <propfemale> 
jorden waz heer
i've got a soft spot in my heart for italy     i've gotta go back!
tron=awesome    tron score=equally awesome!
software patents    can't live with them; can't live without them 
such perfect weather here in naples!
why don't grandparents ever understand its not good to eat this much? must be that damn depression they went through  ack!
i'm slightly ready for this semester  it's gotta be better than the last one by my estimations 
oh you know i'm getting the new cod maps on this beautiful snow day!
snow creek this sat night    who's in?
my jayhawks will kick shalae's tiger's butts!
i'm loving my decision to switch to industrial design!
now to learn flash catalyst for our cell phone design 
anyone else following the ipad 2 event?
this nice weather has my neighbor confused    he's mowing his lawn 
i'm working on a cell phone design    i need everyone's suggestions 
2 big 12 tickets available for tonights games    now taking offers 
could be hangin with friends at p&l but instead stuck in class all <propfemale> 
who would've thought microsoft would be the place to go for free web hosting? not i 
<propfemale> <propfemale> for now steffen  have fun!
after all these years you'd think survivor would realize they've been giving away the winners of the challenges with their demos e playful lanations 
mizzou is the best school ever and i have no idea why i go to such a crappy school 
"ok people, 6am and i'm here     time to come get your car "
<propfirst> black is here huh? kinda cool 
i guess spring break couldn't last forever  time to get back at it 
romance is like the fountain of youth  some eccentrics say they have seen it or know how to get to it and everyone knows it would improve their lives  but where is the map? that's what i wanna know!
so i guess i'm the treasurer for the ku chapter of idsa next year 
on my way to st  <propfirst> but my grandparents phones are off  hope they answer the door at 3am 
on my way to st  <propfirst> but my grandparents phones are off  hope they answer the door at 3am 
duct tape is holding my car together for now after a run in with a shredded semi tire 
won $1000 worth of bunkspeed software today at the idsa after party!
