d3c6e4acbc74d99de1859e87ff42b2dd
sunburned
why is it that every time i decide to bring my laptop outside it rains!?
i feel like a kid on the day after christmas 
bored
i bought some records yesterday but i cant listen to them because i don't have a turntable!
got my bumbershoot tickets today!
i haté thosé stupidé mcdonalds mccafé commercials!
finally got a record player!
warped tour in mountain view was crazy!!! i cant wait for more concerts!
who is going to bumbershoot this weekend?
franz <propmale> and modest mouse last night were awesome!!!
i can send and receive picture messages now!
i hate the rain!    i know it hasn't started raining yet but i'm already sick of it 
i hate studying!!
i've been studying for 3 hours and have gotten nothing done   smile 
the radio is beter than i remember   
i just ran a mile?
open house today! at one  sad 
i'm so bored!
i need to stop waiting till the last minute to do my homework i have 70 pages to read and 12 online quizzes 
i hate the rain
"i won a $25 gas card, got a free lunch, free massage, and a free coffee  it was a good day  : )"
put my homework off till the last minute again   
"who wants to go see less than <propmale> with cage and the swellers, with me?"
who wants to go see kid cudi dec 8th at the showbox with me? i'm going regardless 
it's hard to watch a movie online when your internet sucks  i only have 20 minutes to go!
cant sleep
i am the walrus!
time for some netflix!
i'm stopping cold turkey with all the facebook aps like farmville  i'm free!!!
i went away for the weekend and 10 of my friends turned into pokemon 
"i pulled everything out of my closets, its mostly unfinished homework from 7th grade haha "
thanks everyone for all the happy birthdays!
"we lost our last ipod cable, now i cant charge my phone  sad "
"got some sweet records today, fleetwood <propmale>, rush, seals & croft, <propmale> <propmale>, <propmale> alpert, & <propfirst> goulet!and some other unknowns   laugh "
when will the wind storms stop!!!
another new facebook? why!!!?
<propmale> beat the cancer!
"listening to <propfirst> frampton on vinyl, it's going to be a good night "
bought my ticket!
less money mo problems
got some fun classes this quarter!
tried 3 separate times to fix the internet with little luck
it feels weird having kids running around at noon on a wednesday 
today was a good day 
so last night i watched a movie where <propmale> and jfk kill a mummy 
"just saw 5 killer whales, awesome "
so i've been sick all week and the one day i plan on going my car dies at an intersection  fml!
<propfirst> fiasco and b o b  at the showbox tonight!
terrible day! food poisoning stomach flu? every time i stand or sit up i vomit 
maybe i should have started my essay a little earlier   
made some mediocre bacon and eggs for dinner!
sometimes it takes a holocaust movie to remind you how good you have it 
first sunburn of the summer!!!
http annoyed  seattletimes nwsource com html home index html
"r i p  <propmale>, 1998-2010 you will be missed"
"its official, i am an ordained minister! who wants to get married?"
my power just went out 
why won't my internet work!!!
"i paid about $450 for 2 text books, this is getting ridiculous "
i hate chemistry homework
i've got $1100 to find a car by tuesday
i think the only time i get on facebook is when i have homework i don't want to do   
finally have a car of my own!
powers out   
why is the power still out! im cold!!!
we have power!!!
goodbye <propmale> hello bank of <propfemale> 
"deck the hall ball tomorrow! broken bells, the black keys, <propfirst> eat world, cake, temper trap "
i think a homeless person offered me meth today   
21 on saturday!
less than 12 hours!!!
i got an ipad for my birthday
