f9e153e1f3ef24aaaa6a9bb8e3ebfff6
here we come twenty-ten !
anime has once again called my name
im a wow addict!
i love the narwal song!
never question authority  it doesn't know either 
"you spend your whole life believing that you're on the right track, only to discover that you're on the wrong train "
"just a few minutes ago something really amazing happened to me  i heard a bunch of yelling and crying and was beginning to get very mad and upset  just as i was about to take action against this \said person\"" i received a text message  just one of those every day chains that people forward around  it said something that really made me think """
a giant mushroom! i wonder if its friendly
quarantine house!!!
"i'm faced with a huge dilemma, get a ferrari or a tank   ?"
time to watch some good old anime
i feel happy  laugh 
i'm going to crawl in a hole and die   
<propfemale> halloween!!!!!
i've given up on holes                i've graduated to caves!
i love <propfemale>   nomnom
                 i dreamt i was a moron
corn
i should never leave myself logged in when my mom is around  smile 
ima eatin cookie dough
sleeep          zzz   zzzz   zzz     zzzzzzz      
t  to   tooo    mu  much        junk   !
less than 3 day 'till new <propfemale>!
it's a weekend and i didn't get to sleep past 9 once t t
you know there are some things in life that you'll never forget        like a moldy pizza
<propfemale> thanks giving !!!
i stink
kicking butt on <propfemale>
is going to kill her science    
getting ready for a weekend with my bugg!
three rolls of cookie dough later   
i feel pooped
baking for christmas!
"this can't get any better, my birthday and deck the hall ball with some of my favorite people    tomorrow is going to be awesome!"
thanks to all of you who wished me a happy birthday!
i just saw the most amazing thing of my life   
15 minutes
"white, black"
toilet time is fun time  smile 
ugh   im so tired
patatos
i don't wanna go to school  crying 
lol 17
wish me luck!
hehe     i don't have enough middle fingers to tell you how i feel
my eyes!!!!!! the horror!!!!
i need to find new hobbies @ @
me and my friends are the weirdest people
finals are over!
3 day weekend!!!
dominos pizza with cheesey bread and coke  laugh 
"oh my god i just finished the \99 bottles of beer on the wall\"" song    """
2 hour count down!
"okay, so i just got to a computer and my first class ended a little less than 2 hours ago  i have to say it was reeally fun and i enjoyed it  i can't wait for next week!"
sleeeepp    zzzzzzzzzz    zzzz
i had christ chex for breakfast!
is slowly dying
cant decide what to do on sunday!
is going to ocean shores on sunday!
my hand is fatttt!!!!!!!
i love french fries and ketchup
    beef?
cleaning the house all day  finally took a break and thought it was around seven  turns out it was around four  sad 
me and <propfirst> are being lazy
 love   love   love 
i is eating pizza   thanks momma!
i have oreo's!
it only takes one
"i have learned a valuable lesson today  never question authority, it doesn’t know either "
im at buggies!  love 
i think i may hurt someone  surprise 
my sister tried to squirt me with syrup 0_0
sometime you've just got to wonder   
anyone seen my eyeliner??
"my mom was supposed to pick up some lunch, but now i learn shes gonna be out for another hour or two d:"
its gonna be warm today  sad      where'd the cold go!!!
walk around a park then a shower and finally lazy time with a movie  i think its been a pretty good sunday  laugh 
i reeeaallllyyy want tacotime! why do i have no money!?
moving tomorrow
i cant believe my mom got me up at 8 today d:
       i dont have a bag that fits my stufff!!!
my bed is warm and cozy ^-^
moved houses and got almost everything where it belongs    it feels good to have the room spiced up a bit instead of empty and scary  smile 
squishys in my house  laugh 
"\if you touch the light your screwed \"" ~ said by becca while watching mushishi"""
 laugh dd i got cookies!!!!! thank yooouuu momma 3!
cleaning and a project to finish thats due tomorrow d:
5 1 2 more days!!! 7 1 2 if you count the weekend  laugh 
"count down update!!! 3 1 2 more days!!!  laugh \ sad  to those who are leaving i better get your number before the end of the year!!!"
"its 2:12am, my cats a spaz, my grandpas gonna get it one day, and im bored    funn"
"arrived in cali today, ate real food for the first time in three days, killed my stomach with the nastiest pizza ever, and i got to pet a lion cub, play with two tiger cubs and hold a caracal cub  smile "
back home again!!   for now   
becca plans to wash the bills and pay the dishes
i like it on the dining room table 
spanish was    funn?
sleep   zzzzzzz  zzzz   zzzzz
rawr  love 
 love   love  i love buggie  love   love 
goldfish!!!  love 
does anyone know the requirements for the drama reflection? i lost my paper thingy  sad 
munch munch  
"\like\"" my status & i'll tell you: \",f9e153e1f3ef24aaaa6a9bb8e3ebfff6,i want food o o
adventure time ftw!
kiss myy fuzzy bread 
im eating the best fizzy pickle ever  laugh 
"i just spent 3 hours coloring and drawing an amazing <propfemale> on pixlr, saved it in two places, and neither of them load  fml"
christmas shopping  love  !!!!
my birthday is in like 30 minutes  i'm sooo excited!  laugh 
"sorry that i didn't get a <propmale> to say it before now, but a big thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday !  love "
me and my favorite person in the whole world *cough* <propfemale> davidson lange *cough* are hanging out today !  laugh 
"my aunt <propfemale> davidson lange  is the best person on earth, i'm gonna be her slave forever!"
 love  <propfemale> christmas and happy holidays to all you lovely people!!!  love 
****i adore snow  laugh ****
so i tried to make chocolate lava cakes and they turned out aweful  they were solid and they taste like chocolate eggs d:     fail
i misplaced my mommy d:
wish i was as cool as my mom
"my poor, poor momma"
"i'm a bad, bad girl  spank me! spank me!"
i've got to stop leaving my facebook logged in  on another note i'm excited to start working on the piñata project tomorrow!  laugh 
