fea2713342b1f0e52ccf49b59e683bfb
<propfemale>!!!
what is this? how do i work this?
"21 friends, should totally invest in the game of blackjack"
"never mind, just busted 21"
"just got a new video game, <propmale> wake"
does anyone know the next prophesized 'armageddon' after 2012?
"wow, just looked for other people on facebook with my name, found at least four other guys with exact same spelling "
finals week coming up       bring it on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
now i just have 1 2 days left    boo yeah!!!
"sooooooooo, how's life everybody?  anyone?  man i am bored!!!"
lol galactic empire state of mind is funny!
"school is like making a sword in a smithy, in elementary school they dust off the rock to get at the ore, in middle school they throw you into the furnace to melt you down, in high school they pound you out into a blade, after that you can go out and test it in the real world or 'fine tune' it at college "
what is on abc news right now is disgusting!!
in the summer musical! also considering helping out with the renaissance gig   
"so far, i don't see a difference between the language of english(us) and english(uk)"
"west side story summer musical performance is 7 smile 0 @ coronado high school theatre on july 21, 22, 23, and 24!"
"west side story is going to be at coronado high school july 21 through july 24, at 7 smile 0   enjoy!"
i made the play as officer schrank!!!
week one: over!   week two: bring it on!
i am contemplating either playing a video game or rereading a book   
"i am going to enjoy these next few days   also does anyone know the next eragon book title, or even the approximated release date for that matter?"
"man, i am loving this play!  nobody forget to come to the performance!"
"no idea who is still in the game, so i am going to take a huge guess and say go england!"
"just a reminder to everybody who forgot, west side story performs july 21-24 at 7 smile 0 p m  in the coronado high school <propmale> capwhaw theatre "
"whew, just updated the mypersonality gig, think that i am getting better "
"since everyone is doing this, why don't i? if you like this status, i will post something that i like about you  i am doing this right, right?"
"i have just seen 5 seasons of lost in 10 minutes, and it all makes sense, i think   "
describe me in one word   try it yourself if you have the time!
got a new cell! woo hoo!
so where is the cast party going to be at?
if i were a <propmale> man   
"a knight is sworn to valor, his heart knows only virtue   his blade defends the helpless, his might upholds the weak   his word speaks only truth, his wrath undoes the wicked "
"<propfemale> cav<propmale>iere è giurato <propmale> coraggio, il suo cuore sa solo la virtù  la sua lama difende l'indifeso, la sua potenza sostiene il debole  la sua parola parla solo la verità, la sua collera disfa il m<propmale>vagio "
"a knight is sworn to valor, his heart knows only virtue   his blade defends the helpless, his might upholds the weak   his word speaks only truth, his wrath undoes the wicked "
i just saw someone today that looked just like mrs  greenberg at asu!
you know that you are a nerd geek if   
woo hoo! made it into the musical for <propfirst> state university!
i'll be home for christmas       because i beat my parents to my house 
"for some bizzare reason, i keep coming up with book ideas   "
happy newton-mas everybody!
"okay, about that get together thing, i was there, but was apparently the only one   "
"beat assassin's creed: brotherhood, bought all shops and stalls, found all feathers (again), beat story mode, when does the next one come out!?"
"just a reminder to everyone, best little whorehouse in texas is coming up and it is going to be awesome!"
"has anyone noticed that in the entire <propfemale> wars series, anyone with a bit of common sense can beat any situation? still love <propfemale> wars though!"
