c08d5cb038ee754fa18145e65cdc063b
going shopping for the dorm room!  smile 
"is missing her friends, old and new   "
passed my library final!!!
now is not the time for my printer to break!!!
"it's to the point where whatever happens, happens   "
i'm officially finished with my first semester at isu  it's about time!!
"first of all, that math teacher was a total creeper, wednesday night proved that  second, he is the most lazy person i know "
"rule number one, never put stuff in the stockings when the dog can reach them!"
i have enough love spell to last me for the next few years! thanks mom!! <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
"in a few more days 2009 will be over  this year had it's ups and downs, good times and bad  2010, i can't wait to see what you bring   "
"getting mentally prepared for working at carnforth tomorrow night, i apologize in advance for any mood swings i may have tomorrow lol"
really wishing that my car would start
"i have the whole house to myself and i'm bored beyond belief, go figure   "
what a perfect way to end math class!!!
"hmm   what to do, what to do    "
i have blood on my brand new shoes!! what the hey!!!
"move on from the past and look to the future  this is a new year  live it, learn from it, love it "
"to all the girls that are jumping over puddles of water and slush, just walk through it!! it's not going to kill you lol"
"to the karate kid in the commons, you make me smile lol"
"oh my wow, what  a  night "
ich hasse mathematik!!!
"don't fall asleep in the middle of the day, you get nightmares and sleep through your alarm   "
"i was in heaven during dinner  not one, not two, but three men in uniform sitting at our table  highlight of my night!!"
"read a chapter in music, one in psych, forcasted for tomorrow, did the contouring assignment, and 1 1 2 math assignments  i'm such a nerd  "
"so, watched a video on child birth today in psych    yeah, not having kids for at least 10 years  "
"1 more day at carnforth, 5 more days at lake iowa, and 13 more days in ladora  wow  "
"i, an animal lover, had to take a beagle to the pound today at work  imagine how well i felt after leaving it there lol"
going out tonight with the girls!! high heels? possibly   
"great night out with <propfemale> grabbert, <propfirst> kragel, and <propmale> <propfirst>!"
"there's a storm coming, like i'm going to want to do homework! lol"
für den fleißigen hat die woche sieben heute; für den faulen hat sie sieben morgen 
2 more days!! never thought i would be this excited to go back to ladora!
"agronomy, i took you down!!!!!"
"epic weekend  had a blast with <propfirst> kragel, <propfemale> grabbert, <propfemale> beeler, and <propmale> miller!"
"when we were little   war was only a card game, the only drug we knew was cough medicine, wearing a skirt didnt make you a slut, the only things that hurt were skinned knees and goodbyes only meant til tomorrow   and to think we couldnt wait to grow up  "
"<propmale> year, i can't wait to meet you  mainly because you come with an apartment, away from silly freshmen  smile "
home  family  <propmale>  all the things that are most important in my life are just a few days away!
"dear lumina, i'm sorry things didn't work out  i'm tired of you always crapping out when i need you  i've found someone new, and it comes with less mileage  goodbye lumina, it was a great 4 years  "
"not sure who has control over my life at the moment, if i do or if agronomy does  "
yay for things finally falling into place!
"sitting on main floor of larch doing homework kinda makes me miss <propfemale> murillo, <propmale> <propfemale> and jabed sarmiento  "
"one test down, six to go  "
and bio lab starts again! love that it's my only class for the day!!
3 days till i'm home to celebrate the birthday early with <propfirst> stratton and our family!
"2 exams, 1 class, 1 meeting and 90 some <propmale>  then i'll be home sweet home"
"if anyone understands genetic code and how to determine what polypeptide will result from mrna, please help   "
