a7c61eb3022cd437b1aba20758b0bbd3
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww     its 2010
is going to colorado tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   smile 
"oh no the snow is mellting, the snow is mellting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sad "
"going to colorado on friday, so mutch snow  yes!!!!!!!!"
why hello 2011  smile 
is going to church!!!!!!!!!!and tonight is going to <propfemale> out with <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm so happy that that i dont have school tomarrow!
had fun today at sky zone being with my friends!!!!!  smile 
(wow)
went to the ymca today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to church tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
can't belive that the super boul is just about here!
"try going to goooooooooogle com \it realy works\"" (dont forget all 10 o's in goooooooooogle)"""
go colts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all of my friends are awesome  like seriously  forealzzzzzzz!  smile 
walked to walmart in the freezeing cold with my friend today!!!! and don't judge me if you think that what i did was stupid because it was still fun!!!
is not happy when my friends are unhappy!  sad 
13 more days till my b-day i'm soooo happy!!!!  laugh 
cant decide what i am doing tonight!
got a hair cut!
going to the mall !!!!!!!  smile 
2hr 40min 01sec untill my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
i am officialy 14 now i was born at around 8 surprise 0 !
<propfemale> day today!!!!
"going to <propfirst>'s house this weekend can't wait, it will be sooo much funn!!!  smile "
no school tomorrow or friday!!!  smile 
jump practice on sunday!!¡¡  smile  can't wait!!!!!
jump practice was sooo much fun!!!  smile 
"he himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we may cease from sinning and live for righteousness  1 <propfirst> 2:24"
soccer practice was alot of fun!!¡¡  smile 
no school tomorrow!!¡¡
who all is going to soccer?
"going to six flags tomorrow with @<propmale> thietje, @<propmale> thietje, and <propfirst> boeckman!!!!!! can't wait it will be <propfemale> much fun  smile "
jump practice was amazing!¡! <propmale> was the best dancer out of all of us !!! lol
does anybody know if there is still soccer tonight or if it got canceled?
eoc's were not as hard as i thought they were going to be today!!
"just got done with graphic story!  smile  happy to finaly be done, but i can't draw at all so it looks horible "
will be done with school in 2 days!!!  smile 
ironman 2 was amazing!¡!
i am finally done with home schooling forever!¡!¡!¡!¡!   smile  so happy
now that i don't have home school to do any more i am very bored and don't know what to do             this makes me want to do some school for some unfathomable reason 
who all is going to austins fundraiser???
had a good day today!  smile 
went to wendys for a frosty! yum
"jump practice was very fun got to be with my friends nate,caleb,michael,micah,and <propmale>!! 2 more weeks till, can't wait!!  smile "
"swim practice started last night thank god the pool wasn't cold, and that the practice wasn't very hard   smile "
finally a freshman!!!  smile 
amazing weekend!  smile 
it was real nice feelin sleeping outside last night untill 5 surprise 0 in the morning when the sprinklers came on  lol
"just got back from my first morning swim practice supa dupa tired, think i might just go back to bed "
"just got back from swim team and it wasn't very hard, <propmale> eatin waffles!!!! yum  smile "
"just got back from swim practice, and now i'm about to leave for branson, 3 days till jump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"last night i ran walked a whole marathon (36 <propmale>)!!! i am super sore and tired, think i might just go back to sleep "
9hr 30min till fifa world cup starts!!!
fifa world cup!!!!!!
go mexico!!!!!! 1-0
slovenia vs  usa!!!
go england!!!!!!
"wentzville seadragons vs  <propfemale> park dolphins-1st in free relay, 2nd in 100m breast stroke, 1st in medly,and 2nd in 50m breast stroke!!!!!! six flags mabe tomorrow, can't wait!!!! ü"
usa makes it into the round of 16!!!!!!!!!!! 1-0
usa scores!!!!! 1-1 <propmale> donavan scores the pk kick!!!
"just got back from being at the lake all week, it's good to be home!  smile  we slept on the boat last night and that was a fun, exept that that we were floating all around the lake never knowing if we were going to hit land or not some time in the middle of the night "
netherlands or brazil?
spain scored  smile  yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"who will win the world cup? germany, spain, uruguay, or netherlands?"
happy 4th of july!!!
church  smile 
"can't go to sleep     very bored, and not doing anything tomorrow at all  annoyed "
had a really fun night!!!!!  smile 
amazing day  b-)
"had a swim meet this morning, only got 5hrs of sleep but still did very good, i got 3 1sts, and 1 3rd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go germany!!!!  smile "
go spain!!!!!!!!!!! b-)
and spain scores!!!!!!!!!
the swim-a-thon this morning was kinda hard  annoyed  youth tonight though 
going to six flags with <propmale>!!!!!! gonna be a good day  smile 
"just got done watching inception, it was amazing!!! definetly a must see "
having a good day!!  smile 
last swim meet of the season  annoyed  i'm gonna miss seeing all my swim team buddies hopfully i do good!
"all county meet just got over and i did a lot better than i ever had at an all county, so i ended getting 3 1sts, 2 2nds, and 1 3rd!!!!!!  smile  but that is just of the second half so hopfuly i did well against the morning people "
only 6 more hours till texas woohoo 
is at the biggest mcdonalds in the world!!!!!  smile 
is finaly officialy in texas!!!!!!
<propfemale> schnuckum conrath is my bestfriend!!
<propfemale> conrath & <propfemale> hercher are the coolest people ever & i love them! lol  smile 
is going swimming!!!!!!
"is finaly coming home tomorrow!!!!!!! i can't wait to be home, but i'm really not looking forward to the 14hr drive home from texas its going to be verry boring   annoyed "
had an amazing and impowering night!!!!!!!!  smile 
is on his way home!!!!!
finaly just made it home!!!! church in the morning  smile 
just got a new laptop!!!!!!!!!!
on my way to my swim team banquet!!!!!!!!!!
interesting day today 
got a hair cut 
first day of school tomorrow  that means that today is the las day of summer );
"can't belive it,only 8 more hours till my first day of high school );  reall not looking forward to it!"
soccer was pretty fun tonight!!!!!!
glad to finaly done with the first day of school!!!!!!!! although i wasn't even that bad 
likes to journalize!!!!! hahaha 7th hr is for sure my favorite 
no homework tonight!!!!
"made it through my first week of highschool, and it was pretty ez so far,hopfully it stays that way "
"really wish i had somthing to do today! but there is nothing, i'm sooo bored "
"nothing more refreshing tham a swim in a lake right after a long day of school with my friends!!! soccer tonight, hope more people sign up cause we need more people!"
had a pretty good day today!!!! but i've got lots of homework  annoyed 
geometry homework                    not fun 
had an awsome night at soccer!!!!!
me and <propfemale> are going to the ozarks this weekend!  laugh  wooooooo
finaly on my way to the lake of the ozarks 
"on the lake again, on my way to go rent a jet ski!!!"
my boat died  annoyed 
finaly on my way home!!!!!!
this weekend has been sooo boring  annoyed 
lots of homework  annoyed oh well  soccer tonight though!!!
soccer  smile 
awsome night at youth  smile 
soccer game got rained out  annoyed  nothing at all to do today now 
is at a ferrari show!!!!
soccer game got cancled again  annoyed 
school  annoyed  soccer practice tonight though!
fun night!!!  smile 
can't wait till the event this weekend!!!!!
on my way to the event!!!!!!
awsome night  smile 
time to hit up some garage sales!!!
the event!!!!!!
soccer tonight!!! slfc vs  st louis united
awsome day!  smile 
"had a pretty good day!!!!!  smile  have another soccer game tomorrow, can't wait "
church tonight  soccer game tomorrow!!!!! can't wait  smile 
is it so hard to find a girl with a southern accent????lol
"tied the soccer game  really don't want to go to school tomorrow  annoyed  oh well, at least i get off for a few hours!!!"
pretty awsome day so far!!!  smile  church in a litte while!  tomorrow i get to <propfemale> out with <propmale> thietje and <propmale> fox
"at church, soccer pictures later!"
soccer tonight!!!
"i've just about done absolutly noyhing all day, it seems like i have been getting really good at that latly "
had an awsome night!
dentist  annoyed 
church  smile 
had an amazing day!!!
"on my way to church, then hanging out with <propmale>, and soccer game later!!!!! can't wait"
"pretty bored, church tonight though!!  smile "
loves night soccer games!!!
"finaly the weekend, but nothing to do              anybody wanna hangout?"
most boring saturday i've had in a long time   annoyed  text me
at the mall 
hates picture days
had an amazing night!!
amazing day!!!! so happy that there's no school tomorrow  smile 
literally the craziest bestest 20 <propfemale> of my life!!
"soccer game later, then to thietje <propfirst> <propfirst>'s house for a halloween party!!!"
"had an amazing night, with amazing people¡!!!!!!!!¡"
had an amzing weekend!!!  smile  really not looking forward to school tomorrow though 
"pretty good day, going to church later  anybody wanna hangout this weekend?"
wish i could just start it all over!  annoyed 
"pretty awsome day, i only had to go to two classes!!! now watching zombieland, one of my favorite moives  smile "
pumpkin rolls are amazing!!!!!
has had an amazing night talking to people!
hates how boring i am to talk to!!!
it's been a good day!  smile 
"only one more year today at 11:11pm, it will be 11 11 11 at 11:11 and 11sec!!!"
"the one thing i just about always forget when i am just about to shoot a deer is to pay attention to how close my eye is to the scope, and that happened to me this morning, so guess who has a bloody face right now? this guy does "
just got barked at by a squirrel for ten <propfemale>  lol
geometry sucks     
just wish i would of wore pants 
the jeep is finaly just now officialy finished!!!
no school for this guy!!!  smile 
church!
ahahaha just asked for a mchicken at <propfirst> n' the box 
"what has this world come to, ham instead of turkey for thanksgiving????????"
shoping with the family        not fun        at all 
"has offically walked up to town in every condision; rain storm, freezing cold wind below 0', snow, above 100', hail, at midnight, and everything inbetween with <propmale> thietje "
sooo happy  smile  off school the rest of this week! then leaving thursday for colorado to do some snow boarding skiing so ill miss all next week of school also!!!
waiting on the world to change 
just got my christmas tree  does anybody else think that it is to early to get a christmas tree???
"holy crap, i just found $120 while i was packing!!!! thank god!!!"
hahaha just now started packing and i'm leaving tomorrow morning to colorado for a week 
happy thanksgiving!!!
anybody else hate super long road trips besides me?????
"ya know how when you always get sooo full on thanksgiving that you feel full till the next day??? well i think its all in the mind, because i don't really eat any more than i usualy do but i always feel twice as full and it only happens on thanksgiving "
"only 12 more hrs to colorado, oh joy   "
soooo insanly bored  annoyed  still another 4 hours          someone should text me   
happy black friday!!!
had a great day snowboarding!!!! can't wait to go out tomorrow on some fresh colorado snow!
"i have a hot tum inside of my condo, yea thats right inside!!!"
day off from skiing snowboarding  going to a hot spring for a few hours soon!
apparently somehow it makes me a mean person to say that people are just plain stupid          even if it is true  lol
hahaha i got sunburn in the snow 
you can sure tell how steep a ski slope is when you can't even see the botton from a black dimond 
"started out with a black dimond today, and hurt my leg   worst idea yet   "
on my way home!!!
"sooo happy to be back in misouri, hahaha never thought i would ever say that "
church!!!
my plan for the whole day is to do hw    this sucks   
you know what i hate       people that use me   annoyed 
<propfirst> n' the box tacos are amazing!!!!!
nothing to do   
"1 thing that i figured out tonight: when my parents say \we are leaving very soon \"" it actally means 2 and 1 2 hrs """
"power just went out at school, hopefullf it wont get fixed till next week "
just drove a stick for the first time and didn't kill the engine once!!!
men are the bomb 
"lifes a beach, i'm just playin in the sand "
"thank god for freezing rain, no school tomorrow, and no christmas play!!!!!!!!"
its christmas!!!!!! well at least for me it is!
"back from branson, now time to study for finals tomorrow   this won't be fun "
so happy to finaly be done with all my finals!!!
christmas break is finally here!!!!!
it's christmas <propfemale>!!!
this is the first white christmas i have had in a while 
new laptop!!!!!
2 christmas down 2 to go!!!
hot fries+ a fountain drink= best combo ever
last day of break ):
i wish the snow would stay constant so that it stick 
everything i do i do it big 
hopefully school gets called off for tomorrow   
no school tomorrow!  smile 
why is doing doughnuts in the snow <propfemale> much fun haha    !?!??
half day!!!  smile 
kid cudi + maui wowie = awesome
<propmale> coolkid richert
geometry sucks     
"no school tomorrow, and there is already more snow now then there was last week!!  smile "
rockstars have straws on them now?!?!!
wish i could just be 16 and be able to drive already!!!
<propmale> is a super feeeeeeig!!!!!
had 1 hour of school and then they callled it off!!!!
if you act fowl you get 2 shots and 1 
greenbay for the win!!!!!
<propmale> richert is my crackwhore and only mine 
freein' my mind   
<propfemale> schnider=creepiest stalkerrrr <propfemale>!!!
no school the next 2 days!!!
like a boss!!!
diriving around wentzville e playful loring    
"at <propfemale> buffet with <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst> "
at bc's kitchen with <propfirst> <propfirst> and the addison road band
"this week has been <propfemale> suckish, wish the weekend would just get here already!"
i enjoy men 
"whoever got on my account and posted that on my wall, i will kill you   "
hi my names <propmale> and <propfemale> and <propfemale> are awesome and <propmale> is a wanker  (;
got my permit 1st try!!! 100%
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes!!!
haill!!
that '70s show is the best!!
"feelin sick and hella tired, looks like it's gonna be an early night for me "
never thought i would regret going to 54th street till now    i hate my life 
hmmm lca or holt next year    ?
what's up with the different <propfirst> flavors???
love the neighborhood!
source code was amazing!!!
firetruck!
its finally spring break!!!!
on a wild manatee <propmale> hahaha!!!
did the tornado hit in wentzville?
"easter egg hunt at slfc was awsome, but i pretty much hate rain now!"
"hates being woke up by weired noises, and then thinking about it all day trying to figure out what it was!"
<propmale> w is my minion!
"still exausted from jump, and i still have to write a paper   this is going to be a long night "
"dang, why did bin laden have to go and die, i liked that guy! jk"
i am the moonstar!!! hahaha
touring chs tomorrow!
"forgot how long a minute ment to my parents, he said a minute, and its been 20 minutes "
"say what you want and be who you are, because those who mind dont matter and those who matter don't mind-dr seuss"
looks like i'm living with <propmale> thietje for the next few weeks   
going to west county mall for a fieldtrip sweet!
"hey you, shut!!!!!"
<propfirst> and purses are on my mind
"dang, i can't wait till summer!!!"
<propfemale> 4 more minutes till the world ends    what should i do?
this sucks   power went out at school   now we're in a leaky hallway 
