1640a5481a14c0915b334f99eb773fb4
so far 2011 looks like a great year!
hates not being able to find socks   
i love cashews   smile 
just got a new basketball! hoo-rah!
"i don't know why, but the anticipation of the first day of track gives me butterflies  strange feeling     smile "
is amazed at how much water ends up on his clothes when he does the dishes 
true loves kiss = trump card over everything   
why does seven and half <propmale> feel like it takes forever to finish?
"if i ask if <propfemale> montana sings a song that i hear and you reply 'no, it's miley <propmale>' i don't think i'll ever speak to you again  it's the same person!!"
is gald he doesn't have to deal with 3rd and 4th graders making fun of him all day for another year   playful 
had a good easter other than his annual chocolate <propfemale> who just happened to be deformed  smile 
had a pretty long day of school because of the track meet   playful  time to do homework but don't know if i can hold a pencil   thanks <propfirst>   
it's a good thing i was wearing my power balance because i almost tripped and fell when i was reaching into the stove!!
"i would like for the people that were texted by my phone during the track meet to know that i didn't have that phone in my hands!! other than you mom, that was me!"
i just realized something   fans are awesome!!
"i love when i get in the shower with my glasses on, it always makes me laugh!"
hates it when he can smell food cooking because he can't eat it yet!!
"wishes the electricity wouldn't run away everytime the big, bad rain starts showing what it can do   "
had to go to java jacks but i'm not complaining because there's no such thing as a bad snow cone as long as it's free!!  smile 
i officially played the longest game of 'sequence' ever! i think i would have been better off playing monopoly!
loving my day off!!  smile 
my phone finally gave out  it started to get real hot and then just stopped   sad 
i wish i had a giant peach that i could ride across the ocean   smile 
back to the good ole days of sleepin with a stuffed animal at my grandparents house!  stupid boogey men     smile 
"sometimes, we all need a good slap in the face  and that, my friends, is the point of a mosquito "
i don't know what it is today but i can't seen to stop cutting myself with there darn scissors!
"man, i'm straight up awesome when i feel like it!!"
my favorite fire works are the ones that go boom and make colorful lights!  smile 
"well, everytime i get older i wish i was younger  oh wel though, glad to finally be fifteen!"
how does that even happen!!!
i can find a way to hurt myself sliding through grass? how do i do it?
"at four today, my training will officially be over and i will finally be able to claim the elite title of 'professional mosquito warrior'! behold!  smile "
just finished changing the music on his ipod since seventh grade  it was about time!
i just tried to find my phone so i could charge it  sounds like something a woman would do!  playful 
i have a bed to myself? how strange!
"if it's the thought that counts, then i can count way higher than i realized   "
basketball! cross country! church! school? i guess   
i'd like to thank <propmale> avary for making this summer the rocket summer! i don't know if i would've made it through my job without him!
uno is obviously not a skill game!
i need to turn in all this paperwork the school made me fill out  seriously!
"after playing tennis i always think the same thing, 'ryomo echizen was ridiculously good!' i guess that's why he's the <propmale> of tennis and i'm connor!  playful "
my challenge may be harder than i originally thought!
"going to bed at 10 on a friday? why yes, that would be me!  playful "
thank goodness for whataburger!
i seriously need some super glue!!  sad 
i miss my ipod so much!  sad 
"wow, that was pretty soon and une playful ected!"
so excited that it's finally regionals!
i totally don't 'dig' chemistry 
the texas marching band is blowing my mind     surprise 
"waiting on results for the act may actually be the most stressful part of my life, so i guess i really do have a blessed life!"
lol i totally just did that!
loving robotics more and more right now!
"in apples to apples, bubble gum > <propfemale> keller    how could this happen!!"
