947c979e629625d8a7e55cc08de5282f
"oh god, the amc flight got delayed  one more days stuck on bahrain  all i can do now is wait     "
"im in nas naples right now, left souda bay 1hr and 30min ago  sooo tierd    one more stop; almost there!!! my cat so far has survied this trip "
"woke up  sleeping in a bed felt wonderful after 2 days on sitting in a plane  cat more mellow until the next plane ride,hoho  its good to be back in the states, yay!!!"
mmm
"the day has come, my end is here, as i sit in the amc waiting on the flight in norfolk  had fun, went mad, stayed calm with family and friends  got bored sometimes but it was good  cat still crazy ;p"
i hate the amc!!!! untill tomorrow  night
"a week has gone by and so far its not bad  indoc is long, but very insitefull about what to do here  started looking at places to live  the housing has a cool system on the computers, where you can look for places; boy i wish theyed had this when i was in bahrain looking for apartment it would had been easier on everyones pockets  annoyed "
"oh my god, today's tour of the city cantania was amazing  good sight seeing monuments, loved the stores-e playful ensive of course  ate at a family restaurant, and afterwards had a snack at the bar with my sight seeing <propmale> <propmale>  my feet are still sore from all that walking  and since tomorrow is a holiday the base is mostly closed: to catania we go  look for some nice funiture for my new place  yay!!!"
tired   
happy holidays everybody!!!! much love from me  be safe and happy for me
christmas dinner was wonderful; <propmale> made it loved it  my awesome man  yay happy holidays everyone 
"finally off   4 days of relaxation yay!    not  got to fix a lot of stuff tomorrow busy, busy "
"to all that i know, a happy new year  may we all be thankful for what we have and will have soon  now go party and get wasted for me  playful , i unfortunately have to work on the day of celebration so yeah (rock on!!!)"
"my dame car was acting funny yesterday after work  good thing i was still on base because, coming back from the gym it would not start  today i started the car, it worked but there was a delay in it  so now, it's with the auto port people  hopefully nothing serious "
"need a new starter for the car they say  and now, my service engine soon light is on "
finally got my part for the car! soon my pretty will start    soon   
car is running!
going to africa with my opposite- hopefully where there be some action in this deployment 
"finished eating with my tormentor,he'll be doing the dishes  now just cuddling with him "
to sleep soon
"so no djibouti i guess  sad about it, i really did want to go  well, now i can concentrait on important stuff to do "
"forgot my cell at home, so cant call my guy or call anyone for that matter  cant live without technology, thank man for internet "
want cookies!
"another year added to my life today, on this day of independance    from my mom's womb!(lol) wish there were fireworks to see  sad "
"happy freedom everybody!(not ) we heve our independance, yea!!"
a tired week  lets see how work goes tommorow  surprise 
"things will be changing soon, the trajedy!"
still sick uhh  sad 
