6df8dc232b18d2502a8f68a1da7091cb
yay school is finall over              sad i'm never seeing most of you in life for a long time or never again!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
going to keystone~!!!!!!!!!
i have uber bad sunbur nfrom today at the beach  sad 
 sad  not able to go to my friend's summer party  i'll be on vacation !!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
i burned my right hand in the oven  i'm fine for now but there's a blister!!!!!!!!!!
good night everyone! sorry if ican't talk now but later tomorrow maybe 
im back from nh!!!!!!!!!
i hate when i miss opportunities to my boyfriend!!!!!!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
i'm so freaking mad!!!!! i could  have gone to warped tour but people kept bull-crapping me with there decisions 
"okay well i'm going to try to have a moving away party in a couple of weeks, but the weird thing is it won't be until after the july 17th after i move  if you think this is a good idea or would like to come, please either call or message me on here  remember it's not official yet if i'm having one!!!!!!!!!! ok? bye for now "
ok people it's official   i'm  living with my dad for the school year in maryland           sorry everyone  i'll always remember you guys  if you want to <propfemale> out during the summer while i'm with my mom call me  don't messeage cause i might not get it til way later  love ya 
omg! last day for packing at my dad's! finally            well technically it's the last day of living in monroeville  if you guys think i should have an after party please let me know cause i might have it next saturday or the one after that  luv ya guys 
ok well since no one has felt the need to contact me on their opinions of a going away party i'm just not goin to bother  wow don't i feeel loved 
thanks for the support my so-called friends 
"hit the \like\"" button if i've ever made you smile  then", set this as \6df laugh c232b1 laugh 2502a8f68a1da7091cb,oh wow  i just dropped my keyboard and it landed between my legs  lol  it got stuck under my left leg   only me could that happen to  sammi stop falling down the stairs!
ok a couple days ago was offically my last day living in monroeville  sorry but every time i think it's the last it isn't  if you want to <propfemale> call me or message me  and for god's sake people put your wall updates to most recent instead of top news 
"no one cares if you care, but i do "
just got done reading go ask <propfemale>  i honestly don't think she overdosed  she was clean  unless something happened within the unwritten 3 weeks  who knows? but i can't help but to want to find out for her sake and others like her 
some people just don't get it 
"i hate how i can't help people either cause i can't get to them cause i'm too young, they won't let me, or they lived in another time and it's too late           sad "
i lvoe this song: so happy i could die ~ lady gaga
oh yea! foo fighters ~ everlong!!!!!!!!!!! one of my fav songs!
everyone is boring  everyone is the same  everyone is stuck  everyone is secretly depressed  everyone doesn't matter  everyone is freaking crazy as heck  everyone is here for you! everyone is gone                                                                 
i think it's awkward when two of your favorite music artist have a feud or one says something bad about the other 
"80% happy, 10% bored, 8% pissed, and 2% depressed  yea i'm that complex "
(in my mind) click              click     click           click i tell you cliiiiiiiiiiiiick!!!!!!!!!!! oh finally!
night people!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got to g o to bed  gunna be swimming tomorrow! maybe  bye for now!
"can you believe that the new school i'm going to is going to interview me  it's a public schoool, right?! idk  but hey whatever happens happens "
last day living in pennsylvania!!!! i'll miss you guys  sorry but you people didn't call me to see me  shows how much you care! anyway yea  love u guys  i might not be on facebook for a lil while  my school starts soon so yea  love ya!!!!
hey people! sorry i haven't been on but well the gist is    my dad had a heartattack on the 22nd and was in the hospital for a few days  he just went back to work today  he's ok but has to change his diet slightly and stop smoking completely 
that and school started the next day  it's ok  in a way better than gateway but i don't have any super close friends yet  i just have people to talk to occasionally in my classes and these nice people at lunch  i f anyone does read this i'll be surprised  if anyone calls i'l be shocked  lol  anyway that's wat's been going on  so bye for now!
i have tomorrow off! my new school takes rosh hoshannah off and pretty much make any excuse to have a day off  unfortunately that means my summer starts on june 16th  so good and bad 
sad that i can't talk to you on our monthly anniversaries  stupid panera!      + school!!!!!
yay another day off tomorrow!!!!!!
if you can answer this for me in a logical manner i'll love you for life        how do chucky and his bride have sex whem they're toys? e playful ;ain! it's been driving me crazy for the past 2 years every since it popped in my head  help me understand!
i swear i could never get tired of listening to smashing pumpkins 
my cousin had her baby yesterday!!!!! his name is <propfemale> <propfirst> korpi  the dad is half japanese  yay!!!!!
"where oreo is milk's favorite cookie, dr  pepper is a bear's favorite drink!"
i can't wait  i'm gunna try auditioning for <propfemale> in wonderland  it's the fall play at my new school 
"grrr i hate sunburn  i went to the penn state game and now my ight sdie if my face, arm, abck of the neck and chest has sunburn  my face is all dry but other than that i'm not in pain  still sucks though  (cross arms in a harumph mode)"
"let's see howforthcoming my facebook friends are       leave a one word comment thatyou think best describesme using the third letter of your name  it canonly be one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall, so i canleave a word about you "
went to the <propmale> waters concert on sunday in pittsburgh awesome! didn't get home til 3 smile 0 am though  on other note  had my <propfemale> in wonderland audition yesterday  it was fun!!!!!! hope i get something  if i have <propfemale> though i'll have to dye my hhair blonde   playful  omg!!!
what would you do if i dyed my blonde?
still having different versions of the same nightmare  2 nights in a row last night and the night before 
got out of school early today! yayayayayayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i got a part in <propfemale> and wonderland!!!!!i got eaglet    who is that?
ok lets get something straight! i only add you if i talk to you in real life and if i'm actually friends with you  truast me there are othe rways of stalking   do get a life and stay out of mine there's a reason i wouldn't add you! think about it 
i'm giving up  i don't know who to believe or who to trust  so maybe i should just disappear  no one whould notice would you? i don't care  give me a reason to care and i might!
i got a new hug <propmale> yea me!!!
"you came to see the mobscene, i know it isn't your scene,it's better than a sex scene, and it's so f***ing obscene, obscene yeah! you want commitment? put on your bestsuit  put your arms around me cause we're going down down down! (mobscene ~ <propfemale> manson)"
"don't break dont break my heart, or i'll break you heart shaped glasses! (heart shaped glasses~ manson again) yea i'm listening to him now and happy!!!!"
"and isn't this exactly where you'd like me\i'm exactly where you'd like me, you know\praying for love in a lap dance and paying in naivety"
day off tomorrow and homecoming weekend!
grandparents visited new place for the first time this weekend  went to civil war med museum then the basillica and shrine for saint mother <propfemale> seton (the only american saint)
ok i'm going to noodle from the band gorillaz and i kinda need a lil help on how i should go about doing that  any suggestions?
if it were legal how many people do think would be constantly naked or nude? it's a question that popped into my head 30 seconds ago  no joke it really was 45 seconds ago  lol
i swear every where i have been noticing people talking bout <propmale> horror picture show! weird!
"\soo happy i could die\""! cuz i finally got the fame monster cd! yay! and a manson cd and a aht the has a comb to hold on your head and a book with bookmark and a shirt for someone else and some purple hair dye and cat ears wit black + white stripes! awesome"""
happy i got to go trick or treating with my <propmale> and sis! <propfemale>!!! a lot of good <propfemale> surprisingly!
"ehhh sick, pissed off, depressed, but happy once i got home "
stayed home today cuz i'm still sick with a fever   sad 
i drove for the first time with my permit! i dorve for an about 1 2 hr on 2 <propfirst> road  i didn't crash or get a ticket! yaayayayayay!
"ok just curious from my people back in pittsburgh but, how much snow did u guys get? all we've had is wind and 50-30 degree days "
got to get 4 more hrs of sleep cuz of parent techer conferences!  smile 
"i'm thankful for getting to see my infant nephew, <propfemale>, for all the friends i've been making at my new school, for safe traveling, for my family that i love even when i can't be with them to prove it, and all others "
if it's not real chocolate then why is it called white chocolate? duh!
grr my stomach hurts all of a sudden  at least i finished thanksgiving dinner!
"ok for those who re doing black friday shopping, what shops are you hitting?"
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status"
 sad  the show is cancelled tonight!  sad 
sad i lost my camera and still can't find it  theater seemed to go pretty well  coming back to pittsburgh on wednesday! 5 more days til xmas!
yay i found my camera!!!!! it was on the bus and the bus driver was nice enough to still have it  yay!!!!
4 more days til xmas!
i thought safety pins were suppose to be safe but they have the potential to stab you (sammi) in the boob 
"\yay\"" wait why am i typing that? i meant \""yea\"" """
last day of the year!
saw <propfemale> out of nowhere  at giant eagle   smile 
is it just me or am i the only one who feels that everyone has this stupid hope of betterness that may or may not happen for the new year  it gets old real easily just saying  it'll be the same just with slight differences 
i wish i had a day to just e playful lore a library all day til closing hours  but never have time 
i feel like  <propfirst> <propmale> except i'm white with one black glove  lol
taking my first sat tomorrow mornig for 5 hrs         wish me luck if you want don't have   realy you don't! hope i do well though 
day 2 of local school closing in a row! the snow is pretty  people pushed it aside and made me sad  but i'm ok  cuz i got to be home all day!  omg i rhymed!
omg i just changed the language  to (sorry kept caps on) english (pirate) and keeping it!
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! i hope to see this on all statuses!
going to mt  <propfirst> soon 
dude why is a lot of my lipgloss missing? i see lipsticks but where did the other stuff go?! creepy!
my head hurts           make it stop!
yea i have sims now!
"boston creme pie toaster strudel, listening to <propmale> and norah's infinite playlist soundtrack, and school is closed        it's already a good day   smile "
oh yea just typed with one hand perfectly!
listening to the phantom of the opera soundtrack now   smile 
yay! i got in the muscial! it's school house rock 
"oh god! i hate how people never tell me when i'm annoying  trust me i can take it! i would be less mad if you were honest than otherwise  i maybe mad at first, but later on i'm ok with you for being honest  why is that so hard?!"
"i got big, white chocolate strawberries for v-day! yummy"
crappy feeling today
lol bisexual cheese 
(screams at the top of lungs) my cat left a dead animal in my bed! i think it was under my pillow cause it smelled like garbage there and when i moved the pillows it was all of a sudden there! i feel so gross!
i think i'm gunna cry  i'm afriad the dead animal scent won't come out of my mattress and pillows   sad 
"it seems as though i never could, can't, and never will be able to do anything right "
yay for getting out 2hrs early!
"love how people don't respond when they should, but do when they shouldn't "
"cancer patient has 1 wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status  but my friends will be the 3% who do  in honor of someone you love who has died or is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour  thank you ?"
the snow last night made the road look white or covered in ash  kinda pretty
"snow playful retty,smooth,fresh,white later turning into dirty,slushy,black stuff i don't want "
"1 friggin point!  sorry, lost tonight in mocktrial for prosecuting  defense has been doing better though "
i have a stalker              and it's you! so stop stalking me you stalker!
"i feel like <propfemale>  i'm wearing red heels, and my screen door wants to fly away "
you tend to get the strangest visitors at a glimpse pick up of your phone 
yay! i won the <propfirst> pole in film studies!
i love how <propfemale> reacted to her bullet hole wedding dress on <propmale> 
yay got out early!
grrrrrr why aren't the speakers working!? make sound!!!!
got to love google translate
well i got the house to myself!           now what?
watching philadelphia
watching tosh o
i'm happy i'm inspiring profile pics!
grrr comp hates me right now!
i want to go to a rave!
"in the olympics, do you think it is really the best of the best?"
watching jackass:the movie  yay!
yay! so far i've inspired 3 profile pics!
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a sport and play along   "
yay! i can go to germany following my people to people trip!
i'm tired        can i go to sleep?
dessert theatre performance tomorrow night!
hey guess what! i got a webcam + skype!
last night was awesome! went to <propfemale> days after the show 
wow i just realized it was dst!
"holy crap! two earthquakes have shifted the earth's axis, chile + japan's!"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's more to people than what you think  put this as your status if youre against bullying   
happy pi day! how many digits can you remember correctly? i can only do 7 off the top of my head 
"one of the greatest days ever: choir ajudication, eating lunch at panera for the first time, and finding nemo references on the bus!"
"omg i wanna go see <propfirst> radcliffe in \how to succeed in business wothout really trying\""! omg that would be so weird if he was still on the show when i go to england!"""
oh wait! the show is in new york city! now i have to go!
ahhh dilemma! tekkoshocon ix or cousin's bridal shower?
chances are a lil higher for going to tekkoshocon ix 
see some of you at tekkoshocon ix!
gosh i hope i'm not catching a cold  i feel crappy 
apple
yay! i just watch the panica at the disco video for the ballad of <propfemale> <propfemale>! awesome!
"crouching <propfemale>, hidden doggy"
"personally i would have preferred those who have my phone number to have called, but this will do "
i still can't get it through my head saying i'm 17!
"it has been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy and you will always love them  re-post if you have at least one of these friends; they will know who they are!!!  laugh "
exhausted from musical rehearsal!
you say that i'm never on when it's you that's never on!
yay! successfully used skype!
even more tired from rehearsal but i'm sure it'll be worth it in the end
i feel scared for life  i saw something horrifying! too horrifyting to talk about!
getting ready to leave for tekkoshocon!
