2ebddbc4804c5e78c04418edbb0a4a54
learning how to use this website  lol 
"a stallion at the farm hit his eye really bad, so they might have to amputate, but either way, he'll be blind  it's so sad  sad "
going out to the island today  smile  horses all day on my birthday on monday  smile 
finally 15  had a very lovely birthday  smile  couldn't imagine a better way to spend it 
got back from the horse clinic after two days  it was much fun  smile 
"munching on tuna crackers  only i couldn't find the mayonnaise and instead used the miracle whip, so it doesn't taste as good as it should  whatever "
just got back from a successful morning of horse riding  cocoa was a very good girl 
hate my new hair with a passion 
ugh  taking a break from cleaning  annoyed \
groomed horsies this evening - best way to spend it  smile 
i couldn't have been outside for more than 5 minutes about a half an hour ago and i'm still recovering from the numbness  freezing 
it's an early release today  smile 
my thighs are so stiff and sore from yesterday  smile  but so worth it 
new semester  smile 
"think i wanna dye my hair  it's so boring! ugh  and i wanna redo my wardrobe, geez  i think it should be school shopping time again  smile  haha "
"oh my god, the miniature horsie finally came and i got to see it yesterday  smile  32 inches and it dragged me  smile  i have such horrible luck with small horses ponies    but i just can't keep away  smile  anyway, the cutest thing i've seen in my entire life  like    oh my god "
"<propmale>, you're the most adorable baby that hospital has ever seen  smile  your just a doll! oh my god, that was so sweet  smile  <propfemale> loves him so much, already such an awesome big sister  good job <propfemale> and <propmale> on another gorgeous baby!"
"i absolutely cannot bring myself to read any more of frankenstein  it uses big words and blabs on and on about crap i don't care about  the guy's such a sap  i have five quotes for him, but no luck with the monster  stupid book "
staying home sick  ugh  i sneezed all over my cat earlier this morning    scared her 
"ugh! feel like craaaaap  have to go to school tomorrow though, things need to get done  ew "
"horsies this morning  smile  then clean, clean clean  ugh "
"<propfemale> is over  smile  it's been a productive day! had ice cream, went to the grocery store, flew a kite    fun fun fun! now i guess i should get started on my homework  grrrr =p"
"yay! today will be awesome  smile  mani-pedi this morning (that should be interesting, lol), then <propmale>'s soccer game, then probably shopping and a new cell phone  can't wait!"
hope i did okay on my <propmale> test yesterday  annoyed 
i hate the new youtube  it's stupid 
"watching \the hunchback of notre dame\""  best disney movie ever to be made aside from \""the lion king\"" """
happy easter  smile 
watching the divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood  one of my favorite movies  <propfemale> bullock's such an amazing actress  smile 
"cocoa was perfect today  smile  i was a little worried because when i first got the saddle on she started throwing a hissy fit, but she was awesome after she got over that  i feel so accomplished  smile "
made the best peanut butter cookies this morning  horseback riding and then i'm making banana bread! hehe  i feel like a grandma  smile 
"just a good day today  smile  love it  cocoa was awesome once again, and i got to cuddle with <propfirst>  took a nap  smile  so refreshed!"
"is there ever a bad day with the horses? pouring and chilly, but it was nice just grooming everyone  smile  unfortunately, i think i'm coming down with something and i have an essay due on wednesday  back to reality!"
"i  feel  like  crap  will this ever go away? i don't think i've ever been sick for more than two days and this doesn't feel like it's gonna fade off any time soon  my throat's so raw    and i'm all out of popsicles  finishing up my stupid essay  i'm so insanely tired  i wouldn't be surprised if i got a failing grade on it, i doubt it's making much sense at all  ugh  i'm gonna have so much homework "
five tips for a woman; 1  it is important to find a man that helps you around the house and has a job  2  it is important to find a man that makes you laugh  3  it is important to find a man you can count on and doesn't lie to you  4  it is important to find a man that loves you and spoils you  5  it is important    that these four men don't know each other   
"made my momma banana crumb muffins this morning, picked up the house, did the dishes and gave her a back massage  homework, drop off <propfemale>'s birthday surprise, then it sounds like we're going somewhere  should be a busy, but fun mother's day  smile  happy mother's day to all you awesome mommy's  don't know what i'd do without mine "
"that didn't even feel like a weekend, and now i have to go to school? i want a refund "
my goodness! come home and my <propfemale> is adament about soaking my arm with love slobber  smile  i love my boozlebear 
"i am so done with being sick  my nose is stuffy, i cough every five seconds, i'm running a fever, feel like i might faint, i'm so sore everywhere    it's ridiculous  all freaking week "
37 more days till my birthday in las vegas  way too excited to keep quiet  smile  can't contain it! wooooot!
"horsies, then a bike ride with my bruder  smile  i love summer  i especially love that when monday comes, the weekend just continues   love "
"getting a new cell phone tomorrow  smile  but until then, i'm so bored!"
27 days till vegas  smile  can't wait!
supposed to get up to 75 degrees later today! so excited  smile  i'm totally from washington   
"my poor baby booboobear  just got back from the vet - basically he's been peeing all over the house and acting super depressed, so we got him checked out  he was terrified in the cage for the car ride, then he got a needle stuck up through his tummy all the way into his bladder at the doctors, then we took him out of his cage for the car ride home - which worked out fairly well  anywho, i think he needs a nap "
"hope everyone had a fun fourth  smile  i sure did  oh, yes    and does anyone else agree that there was thunder and lightning last night? i swear there was "
"heading to get my spray tan    scary! but wearing shorts right now, i feel like i'm gonna blind someone   "
i am sooooo tan  laugh  its flippin amazing 
leaving for vegas later today!!! so flippin excited  smile 
"have returned from shopping! thanks for all the birthday wishes, i'm having an amazing time! going to see the cirque du soleil in a bit  i love and miss you all  smile  las vegas is fun, but i could do without the scorching heat and cazy peope  lol  i'll take lots of pictures! <propmale> and <propfemale>, i think you'll <propmale> what we got you! be back on thursday  smile "
"the cirque du soleil was in a word incredible, i wasn't bored for a second! if it was a movie it'd be my favorite  smile  insane  anyways, thinking today should be sort of mellow    sort of  lol!"
"waiting for our flight  smile  can't wait to get back to washington  had an awesome vacation, but i miss home! lol  just an hour until we board  smile "
going out to the island soon  smile  wish we had a boat of our own!
"had an amazing late birthday party down on the coolest beach in bellingham ever  smile  with <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>  never had a more fun and relaxing time in my life  thank you so much  i love you, guys!"
"lots of things on my to-do list, lots of things on my mind    just need to take things one step at a time, work hard, be wise, and hope for the best "
such a fun day today  smile  really not looking forward to tomorrow when i get to have my head sliced open again    i hope that's the last time for a long time    
"yeah, not fun "
so yesterday i went in to get my stitches removed and guess what? no more tumor  smile   no more getting sliced open  woot!
going to see my favorite people today  smile  woot! then school clothes shopping tomorrow and horsies on sunday  only halfway done with huckleberry fin  annoyed  so boooring 
ugh  got three hours of sleep last night    i'm so sleepy 
in need of some assistance - i can't remember how to make scrambled eggs to save my life 
watching the labyrinth (with <propfirst> bowie) on youtube  smile  it's been a mighty long time since i've watched one of my favorite movies in the planet 
"eaten the remainder of my bag of 18 sugar cookies    you know, because i have such amazing self-control  jeez "
at the ferndale street fair  smile  listening to moooosic 
"finished huck finn  smile  finally! though i did take the easy way out and buy the sparknotes    anywho, that's not the point  starting the essay tomorrow and it can be off my mind forever and ever! woot!"
"1st - ap lit & comp w  dolmatz\2nd - <propmale> 2nd year w  voth\3rd - honors chemistry w  flint\4th - geometry w  oehlerich\5th - learning strategies w  lippiatt\6th - world history w  mayers"
sooo bored  annoyed  never knew i could be so entertained playing solitaire   
must  finish  stupid  essay    uuuuugh 
like all my teachers so far  smile  yay! first day back went well 
"after watching several episodes of looney toons, i've realized that my mom is a do-do bird (because she goes woooooooooooooo) and boo is pepe <propfemale> pew ('cause he runs just like that)   "
i  hate  school 
found a stray tabby kitten in the walmart parking lot just a bit ago and he's with us for the night  doesn't look like he's neutered and i gave him a big bowl of food and water about 15 minutes ago - and he's just about done with it  so i think we made the right decision by bringing him home  smile  such a sweetie too  taking him to the alternative humane society tomorrow 
"just wanted to notify you mom, you suck at washing dishes - i'm so annoyed with finding yuck residue on the bottoms of my cups, so i'd appreciate it if you paid more attention whilst cleaning the dishes, please    however, you are the most fearless giant spider killer ever, so i worship you  just    lettin' ya know "
depressededed  should go out to sonics and get a burger    because that makes all the problems go away 
"me: where is it?\mom: third drawer down \me:     that should be a band name "
"well <propfemale> (the quarter horse mare i had ridden for a few weeks) finally sold  sad  but i have a new project now! a three-year-old friesian filly named <propfemale>  perfect, easy height and such a sweetheart  &hearts;"
"jeeeez    this week is packed  i don't know whether i want it to go by faster or slower, ha  i could definately use some more time, but i wouldn't mind getting it all done with either  annoyed "
"making nummy treats tonight, then study stuff i don't know how to do, fail a chemistry test tomorrow, then go ride my new horsie project after school  smile  at least the good and the bad are balanced, ha "
"had an amazing ride on this week's horsie project, <propfemale>  such a doll; three-year-old 15hh friesian filly just started  so pretty, so gentle, gaits are so easy to ride out and she's such a quick learner! can't wait to see her again in the spring  smile "
oh my goodness  <propfirst> in the box pumpkin pie milkshake  smile 
mom: \if you really love me," you'll pick up around the house \""\"2ebddbc4804c5e78c04418edbb0a4a54,six period days suck 
"finally get my hair trimmed again tomorrow  nothing <propmale>; just fix up the bangs and re-layer    but seriously, it's been like 4 months   "
started off my day by falling into a ditch and it ends just as odd  smile 
"if you know a horse who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently\accepted your tears without judgment, snuggled with you, forgiven your \faults and loved you anyway, make this your status  horses are a gift \most of us don't deserve  repost if you can relate "
"oh, jeez  i'm so tired and i haven't even begun my homework  i should get on that   "
halloween is tomorrow  laugh 
"on the island, staying at my grandparent's house for the weekend  smile  woot! the end of a good (though busy) week and start of a good weekend!"
"eh, totally underestimated the amount of homework i had this weekend  uh oh "
leaving early from school today  laugh  chyessssss 
so many tests today; but then no school tomorrow  laugh  yay!
weekend! oh thank goodness you're finally here  laugh  never abandon me like that again  annoyed 
"baked apple pie yogurt?! i never knew they made such a wonderful thing  laugh  gonna be a good sunday night    bake some peanut butter cookies (thank you, sparklle) and watch some 21 jumpstreet (thank you youtube and <propfirst> depp  wink "
"soooo according to the weather channel, it should be snowing within the next 36 hours! so boogie-bear-kitty    it's been two days and you need to come home  sad "
"i may not be the most beautiful or sexy girl, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyones first choice, but i am a great choice  i do not pretend to be someone i am not, because i am good at being me  i may not be proud of some things in my past, but i am proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me walk away! post if you're proud of being you!"
"my <propfemale> came home last night, thank god! i can be whole again  laugh  haha  but he's ridiculously skinny and has a broken leg, so we're taking him to the vet today  oh, i'm just so glad he's home  smile "
"i'm so blind, ugh "
better a <propfemale> with a flaw than a pebble without one 
"cleaning, then dinner, then homework  smile  simple night "
"happy birthday, momma!!!  laugh  i love you  love "
ooooh no    chemistry test tomorrow =[
"got my hair cut - quite a bit shorter (a few inches off)! but a ton more layers, and i actually kinda like it, ha  smile  weird "
"oh, i'm sooooooooo ready for break  smile "
i love christmas  smile  hope everyone has a great one!
"abercrombie sweats, fuzzy socks and hot cocoa with whip cream - i know how to handle cold days  wink  really hoping for a snow day tomorrow!"
helping to rehome two guinea pigs for a friend - the female is a long haired grey and the male is a dark brown and white smooth coat  they come with cages and just need loving homes! comment or message me if you're interested  smile 
"busy, busy todayyyy  smile  but first, horsies   love "
holding onto anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned 
"\i want a big white house with a blue pool    with no germs or spiders \"" - my germaphobic brother """
"finally! friday, and i can just relax  this week seemed to drag on and on and on and on and on   "
dying my hairrrrr  smile  we'll see how it turns out!
"my poor boo; got him a harness and took him outside, but he was just so scared - shaky, overly aware, etc  it's really sad that some people are that effed up in the head and insecure to hurt a defenseless animal so bad that they're afraid of everything  on a much higher note, so excited for zempa to have her foal! she's been such a sweet preggy too, ha  smile "
