ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e
loved  marching the <propfemale> parade! we looked so good on tv too! but i think my spine melted    
does anybody have a copy of pirates of the carribean 1 i could borrow?
gah  parents drive me crazy        and im complaining on facebook  i need to get a life 
aloha el dorado!!!!!
is wondering if anything was said about zero monday   
does anybody know if watson or samson said anything about zero? i heard something and i think it would really suck to show up for zero if we didnt have it 
was very bored when he took all those quizzes
believes that <propmale> zombie is not a real zombie!
is loving three days grace's new album: life starts now   rock on tdg!!!!!!
"is hiding from <propfemale>, and hoping the truth doesnt kill him in many brutal and rather twisted ways"
rock on! three days grace's new album life starts now is awesome!!!
is not smarter than the sidewalk!!!!!!!!!
is rocking out to break by three days grace!
"break! away from everybody! break! away from everything! if you cant stand the way this place is, take! yourself! to higher places!"
"if i ever found myself on death row, id probably get shot before my execution because i complained about the food quality "
"get up, come on get down with the sickness  open up your hate and let it flow into me "
"get up, come on get down with the sickness  get up, come on get down with the sickness  get up, come on get down with the sickness  open up your hate and let it flow into me   get up, come on get down with the sickness  get up, come on get down with the sickness  get up, come on get down with the sickness  madness is the gift that has been given to me "
"don't forget <propfirst> wells is coming on the 23rd, 24th, and 25th to newland st church of christ in garden grove! it will be amazing! deails are on my events <propfemale>!"
woah!
"bleh  being sick sucks like nothing else  and now, off to marching band! *groan*"
in honor of red ribbon week: madi: my anti-drug
madi:my anti-drug
"pray, guys! my mom is threatening to keep me from going to arcadia if i screw up    and if she stays true to form, shell keep me from arcadia anyways  keep prayin' bandos!!"
is goin to arcadia! phew 
"overall, im satisfied that i did a good job at arcadia "
its cranberry sauce and turkey time! its cranberry sauce and turkey time!          --the thanksgiving version of pbandj time
glarmp!!!!!!
"ugh  2 hour wrestling practice, then i have to eat, change, and run to pep band simaltaniously(sp?)  long night "
i dreamed i was missing you were so scared but noone would listen  cause noone else cared
i went to bed i was thinking about you aint the same since i'm living without you all the memories are getting colder all the things that i wanna do over
"just to let you know, if i put lyrics as my status, im hoping someone will either put the next few lines or the name of the song as a comment  im weird like that "
"had a great day! i went 2-0 at the f s wrestling tournament  i pinned both of my opponents using my favorite move, the headlock  my second opponent was the <propfemale> a  team 171 pounder "
"had a great day! i went 2-0 at the f s wrestling tournament  i pinned both of my opponents using my favorite move, the headlock  my first opponent was the villa park b team 171 pounder  my second opponent was the <propfemale> a team 171 pounder  and i was c team!!!!"
"good week  2 pins, 2nd place at scsboa championships, and my first pin against skyler  a very good week "
dead inside    my heart and soul flatline    put your mouth on mine    and bring me back to life    dead inside    no other satisfies    my blood runs dry    take my life    save me from this death inside
nurple!!!!!
something comes from nothing    if you're willing to believe    because everything has meaning    everything we see    are you willing to give up    everything?
what hurts the most    was being so close    and having so much to say    and watching you walk away
"ok, so im playing mechquest (yes, im a nerd, i know) and i look to see who my opponent is, and i see this: his name is loomnumfoyl  no joke  cookie for anyone that gets that "
     wow  99 friends     
"you're my angel in disguise    my, you're my angel in disguise    you look at me with gentle eyes    my, you're my angel in disguise    you saved me from that one last cry"
"you're my angel in disguise    my, you're my angel in disguise    you look at me with gentle eyes    my, you're my angel in disguise    you saved me from that one last cry"
<propfirst> lautner just needs to take his flea-ridden rear end and fake 8-pack and just go die in a hole 
<propfirst> lautner supports gender equality!! it used to only be teenage girls that got self-esteem problems from celebrities!!
<propfirst> lautner supports gender equality!! it used to only be teenage girls that got self-esteem problems from celebrities!!
"i hate when someone you think will accept your friend request ignores it, and you are left wondering if you actually sent it in the first place because it doesnt tell you they ignored it "
is watching a dog: the bounty <propmale> marathon! this guy rocks!!!!!
is going to see his dad's family in temecula  and suffering madi withdrawals     although they're not as bad as he first thought they would be 
comment i'll respond with 1 something random about you  2  which song or movie you remind me of 3  a flavor of jello to wrestle you in 4  something that only makes sense to you and me 5  my first memory of you 6  what animal you remind me of  7  something i've always wondered about you  8  my favorite thing about you  9 my least favorite thing about you 
has enough money for an ipod!!!!! finallyyyyy!!!!!!! i also got a bunch of cool dress shirts  and an awesome man-necklace
wooo!!!!! go eldo!!!!!! good job with the living <propfemale> girls! and nice face shot <propfirst>! (lol it like zoomed in on her face)
the kansai band did good too!  laugh 
"mice: (n) pandimensional superbeings that manifest themselves to humans as cheese-obsessed rodents  commissioned the creation of earth to find out what the question of life was, and why the answer was 42 "
"why do we let it out of control? has all this taken a toll?    i don't know if we can take anymore    we've got to stop and take a look in the mirror before    step back, take a look inside yourself    from the outside, you can see someone else staring back at you    it's your reflection"
what hurts the most  is being so close  and having so much to say  and watching you walk away  and never knowing  what could have been  and not seeing that loving you  is what i was trying to do
"what a day  mr watson, the amazing band director at el dorado, is retiring in june, after 35 years of amazing work  all i would like to say is, if you're reading this, mr watson,all of us who know you and your work with this band over the last three and a half decades will be sure to uphold the <propfemale> hawk tradition of    exellence that you established and upheld all these years "
with butter!!!!!!!!!!
has to wrestle the <propmale> <propmale> classic with a bad knee    great 
wow  1-2 at my first varsity tournament with a bad knee  and all 3 of my matches were rough  on both of us  just ask <propfirst> 
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved "
epic sad face    with butter
"i have asked myself many times why people are the way they are  i have only come to more questions  i have decided to let such a question go, and live my life the way that god wants me to live it  if this requires cutting off contact with certain people that cause me to feel these emotions, then so be it "
"as of late, i have had to enstrange some people for the sake of sanity  yet i still wonder why? is it really that hard for you to act civilly towards me? i haven't done anythng to either of you to deserve this  am i really such a horrible person that you can't stand to let me hold madi's hand, that you have to come between us? i must say, it has only worked on a physical level  spiritually, it has drawn us closer "
"i just wish my parents realized that what they ask of me is, indeed, unreasonable  1 week to do 2 late lab reports and 4 other missing assignments is unreasonable  and it would be a bit more bearable if i was getting a bad grade  but, i have a b! just let me study for finals!"
"got pinned in a lucky roll against laguna, and lost an exhibition against cypress 2-1 at the last second  this puts me at 3-3 in season, 3-4 this year  still feel good, though "
"chek out mah trikked out bumpah <propfemale>, yo!"
high on life and <propfemale> right now  still not entirely sure why 
i love how at 7 surprise 0 everybody on my fl comes on    every day 
"count me in, but don't count me out! you can't shut me up, you can't shut me down!"
"close your eyes,  so many days gone by   easy to find what's wrong,  harder to find what's right  i believe in you,  i can show you that  i can see right through all your empty lies   i won't stay long in this world so wrong   say goodbye! as we dance with the devil tonight   don't you dare look at him in the eye!  as we dance with the devil tonight"
"owned my guy! i monkey rolled him and headlocked him  seson: 4-3!    **count me in but don't count me out! you can't shut me up, you can't shut me down! fight through the hurt,fight through the pain! without the ache there is no gain, we live our lives for the love of the game!**"
im wrestling 162s at the <propfemale> six planet!
"whew  im wiped  i lost 13-5 to a really tough villa park guy, pinned a <propfemale> guy, and lost 13-8 to <propfirst>  a good day  1-2 today, 5-5 in season "
every long lost dream led me to where you are others who broke my heart they were like northern stars pointing me on my way into your loving arms this much i know is true that god blessed the broken road that led me straight to you
really hates people that play with other people's hearts for their own gain and amusement 
"is playing an alto sax made out of bamboo! i know youre jealous, <propfirst> hahn, but try to control yourself"
"forever hold this heart that i will give to you, forever i will live for you!"
"i am me  if that's too much for you to handle, get out of my face "
the last four songs i have posted are a bit of the tumult of emotions in my head right now  someone help me   
"im probably wrestling jv against tustin today  if <propfirst> doesn't make weight, coach'll bump me down to f s  either way, im going 162's "
"im probably wrestling jv against tustin today  if <propfirst> doesn't make weight, coach'll bump me down to f s  either way, im going 162's  wish me luck on my world history and japanese 1 finals!"
pinned my tustin opponent with my favorite move  i was beating him 13-8 when i won   im 6-5 in season   breakdown:  5 of my wins=headlock pins 1 win=points 2 losses= pinned  1 loss= outpointed by my rival 2 losses= outpointed in a teammate match  laugh  im happy!
"tell me this isnt pathetic  we ran to tri-city, around twice, and back, and i was the last one to leave tri-city, and the first back! with a bad knee! this does not bode well for el dorado f s wrestling "
"thank god for our military protecting us  god bless those who have died for us, and god protect those that are still fighting "
"is pumped  just cleaned out my room, so now i can see my bench  just a little bit more and i can finally get to working out  that guy is not going to beat me at finals!"
"whoa  that was insane  45 <propfemale>  hard weights, and 15 <propfemale>  running @ a bit over 16 km hr  more tomorrow and sunday  i refuse to let him beat me again "
is making an awesome ring
just saw tooth <propfemale>  amazingly funny  well worth seeing 
"madi ine playful licaby popped into my head, and there she is staying, with characteristic stubbornness "
is going to shred that cheating sunnuvagun at finals!
cant wait for finals!
getting ready to do the memorial mile  3rd day in a row running    its the easiest way for me to work out 
did a 8-minute mile at the memorial mile
is back to training to beat spires
"wonders how some people can be so self-centered and have such a love for finding the faults of others, yet never once see their own faults "
"why should i hear what you say any longer,  when you don´t even know where i´ve been?  i feel something in me getting stronger,  and i won´t get kicked around again!  if you won´t listen to me,  then how can you tell me how i feel?  all along i told you that i cannot feel a thing!"
"\what did you do to those poor flowers?\"" \""i soaked them in bleach    and smashed them with a mallet \"""""
"im wrestling jv 162's if <propfirst> makes weight  if not, im going f s  either way, im using this match to see how far i have to go to beat spires on saturday "
i won my canyon match 5-4  im wrestling 162 @ f s league finals
"yesterday was amazing! i placed third at league championships that day, and had an amazing time at winter formal! <propfemale> was absolutely gorgeous!"
"kiss me once for the good times, baby   kiss me twice for goodbye   you can't help how you don't feel,  and it doesn't matter why   give me a <propmale> to bow out gracefully,  cause that's how i want you to remember me   i'm gonna smile, cause i want to make you happy   laugh, so you can't see me cry   i'm gonna let you go in style   and even if it kills me,  i'm gonna smile "
"i would love to say that im fine  but im not  i hurt bad  i feel it down in my soul, pulling my heart to pieces  i hope that eventually i'll be able to find a way to light the dark room of my soul and find the pieces, and, one by one, put my life back together "
"i know im a mess and i wanna be someone   someone that i'd like better   i can never forget, so dont remind me of it forever   what if i just pulled myself together?  would it matter at all?  what if i just tried not to remember?  would it matter at all?  all the chances that have passed me by,  would it matter if i gave it one more try?  would it matter at all?"
"dear agony, just let go of me  suffer slowly, is this the way its gotta be? dear agony "
"well, you win  go ahead, rub it in  i dont care anymore  you were right  i hope you're happy, because i cant be anymore "
songwriting seems to be quite the venting opportunity  i feel a lot better already 
"im going to be allright  make no mistake, i still hurt, but im getting better "
"ugh    ouch  that hurt  one of my friends just told me why <propfemale> broke up with me, and i have to say it bites "
"you dont know how strong you are until you reach your weakest    i was a mess monday and yesterday  im still far from better, but ive realized that i will survive, and i can move on  i just need time to get my head back on straight "
"getting better  im slowly pulling my way out of this rut  i wouldnt be able to pull my way out if it hadnt been for hali stafford and <propfemale> lansley grabbing my hand and dragging me out, whether i wanted to or not  thanks "
"aaaand i see her face on my news <propfemale>, and down i go        ugh  talk about the worst time to look at my news <propfemale>  i feel like my heart is bleeding   "
"im sick of people commenting on my attitude! i just had the one person in my life that was holding me up drop me and kick me while she walked away  ive cried myself to sleep three of the last four nights, and i cant bear to leave the house without my glasses because my eyes are bloodshot  im a wreck in 4th period from trying to keep it together and not fall apart in front of her  do not try to comment on my attitude"
"im feeling a lot better than i thought    i know she cant read this, but thanx <propfirst>!!!!!!"
im going to wach the cif duals today  go hawks!!!
"hers the pattern: i get thrown into the fire, i try to crawl out, and i get pushed back in  eventually i remember that i have friends in high places and god lifts me out  thankfully, ive reached the last stage  it wont be easy, but im getting over her  i just need time "
i love how a workout makes everything seem allright  im already feeling on top of the world and im not halfway done with my workout 
"all these valentines day apps fail  all of them have at least two people i dont know in person, my ex girlfriend, and my big sister!"
fourth in cif  lost to temecula valley  not a bad run  next saturday is the cif individual tournament 
feeling good now  bout time! lol
met connor hipwell's grandmother at church yesterday     that was wierd 
saw lighning thief  amazing! and it actually stuck to the book pretty much the whole movie 
"i swear this time it won't turn out  the same 'cause now i've got myself to blame,  and you'll know when we end up  on the streets that it's easy enough  to find someone who looks down on you "
"i still believe this ordinary life can make it through   cause nothing else has ever felt so true!  let the music take control!  that sound is beautiful  and i'll never let it go,  no i'll never let it go, no!"
"noone's gonna take me alive, the time has come to make things right  you and i must fight for our rights! you and i must fight to survive!"
not going to school tomorrow! im working the tournament at the cif individuals at <propmale> godinez high school in <propfemale> <propfemale>!
off to <propfemale> <propfemale>! go hawks!!! lets get 14 champions this year!
"cif champions!!!!!!!!! 3 champions, 1 2nd, 1 3rd, 2 4th, and a 6th placer! 7 out of 14 guys qualified for masters next week! go hawks!"
"just got done cleaning my room  found out why it smelled like rotting meat       anyways! im off to evening service, and after service the youth minister is going to make us chili dogs an were gonna play extreme ditchem!"
"home takin care of my sis  boooooooooorrrrrrrrrrreeeeedddddd! text me, people!"
finally!!! done putting my cds on itunes  1 1 2 hours later       
"just saw new <propfemale>  waste of money!!!!! the girl who plays <propfemale> killed that character completely  and they made it impossible for anyone who hasnt read the books to know what's going on  and patterson is only a halfway decent actor  lautner (kill me now) was the only good actor out of the three  if not for him, i would have walked out in the middle "
"dear world: id like some consistency please  i mean, rouge is a conceited, self-centered bastard, but at least hes a consistent conceited, self-centered bastard  now i just wish everyone else would be that consistent  im tired of trying so hard to figure someone out, then having to start all over again "
dear lady luck: i want to smack you right now  make up your mind! do you love me or hate me?
"ugh  im a sophomore, and i already have letters from 4 ca colleges, 2 va, 2 wa, a <propfemale>, and an az college"
advertisement fail:   gravity: 1 2 off for a limited time only!
"urk  too much chinese food  today was a heartbreaker  <propfirst> lost in the finals of masters 6-5 in the 4th round of overtime  as for me, one of my friends from church is coming over for a jam session tomorrow "
"so    i just searched 'livin la <propfemale> loca' and in the 'did you mean' section, there was <propmale> <propfirst>       in japanese!"
"packing for the state meet  not gonna be at school friday, and im gonna be in bakersfield saturday too  this should be amazing  (i have also come to terms with the fact that i am indeed addicted to wrestling )"
<propfirst> chavez is the highest state placer el dorado has had in over two decades! ladies and gentlethings: <propfirst> chavez is 5th in all of california!!!!!!
nothing like a morning run to start your birthday  hoping for a good day! although im scared of what kailyn is gonna get me  i told her to use her imagination     *shudder*
enjoying the ipod    *glomps <propfirst>*
 love   love   love   love   love 
got no sleep last night    i blame <propfirst>   laugh 
"got 4th place at cadet and went 0-2 in <propmale>  im really out of shape! oh well, off to sadies (without <propfirst>   )"
"ugh  tired, sore, yet strangely happy  i got 4th at the sonora tournament and went to sadies two hours later  i had fun, even if <propfirst> couldnt come  its a bummer that someone stole my ipod though  oh well, back to my cd player!"
i predicted <propfirst> withdrawals in my near future  i should be a fortune teller 
"just checked to see how my new wrestling gear fits  looks like im not going shirtless next week! goodbye, matburn!"
is bout ready to burst  im sooooooo happy! life loves me right now!
ask me anything here: http annoyed  www formspring me brandonstone no seriously  ask me something 
*little plane flies around my head* ooooohhhh        
"im doing jv folk style, and im probably going to do jv freestyle  coach hasnt gotten around to teaching me greco stuff, so i cant do that!"
"just got 3rd at jv folk style, and 2nd place on jv at my first ever freestyle wrestling tournament! overall, i was 5-2 (5 wins by pin, 1 loss by a 1 point minor, and 1 loss by pin in freestyle finals)"
i just messed up my shoulder again!!! right before the one tournament i cant miss! grrrr      oh well  at least im spending my late start day with <propfirst>  that makes me feel better 
im getting better at typing with a gimpy wrist  in about an hour ill be with <propfirst> at pk's   love 
"grrr     lynns aunt shot down our late start day together     whatever  today wa decent  not enough lynn brandon time in my opinion, but im being selfish "
"more decency  im 4 pounds overweight     grr     oh well  for once im not looking forward to spring break  and if you dont know what i mean by this, dont ask "
"ok, its official  im going to punch the next person i hear making fun of cutters  i am so sick and tired of it!"
is going jv folk and jv freestyle again  wish me luck!
"well this sucks  i beat my rival from <propmale> in quadruple overtime, but i messed up my shoulder during the match and had to dq myself from both classes  its so bad that i needed help getting out of bed this morning  and im right-dominant, so i had trouble eating dinner last night!"
"pain, pain, go away, come again another day      wait      i mean dont come back!"
"i know im gonna get attacked for this, but: finally! monday is here!!!"
does anyone know what call time for festival is tomorrow evening?
"whoever said \words can't hurt you\"" has never been hit in the face with a dictionary    """
"my dad's on facebook         in other news, im not entirely sure im looking forward to spring break this year       "
*sigh* spring break here i come      
oh joy  drivers <propmale> here i come      
orange rabbit tweezers!!!! in other news     i might be getting an ipod today!
i haz ipod!!!!!!!!
i havent had my ipod for a whole day and ive already synched it at least 3 times     
i am amused by the fact that the two genres with the most songs on my ipod are country and metal  in other news: happy easter!
"my new profile pic isnt the best in the world, but i wanted one that has a bit more me, and less wrestling team  the closest i have are the pictures from winter formal with madi     unusable in their original form for obvious reasons "
i love how theres an earthquake and im just calmly sitting here typing      
"ok, so three minutes after an earthquake, half my friends are on facebook      really, people?"
is reminiscing about how he went from the wimp who hated any form on exercize to the guy who is dying because he cant lift over spring break 
is lonely            
"is wondering why he likes night castle by trans-siberian orchestra  not the album, the song  at least in this song, the seargeant has a horrible voice, and the instrumental is uniinteresting at best, even during the solos  yet i love it still "
"ask me anything here:   http annoyed  www formspring me brandonstone  no seriously, people  im bored out of my mind "
is narrating his life in a voice reminiscent of <propfirst> <propmale> 
does anybody know how to put fb on my itouch?
is doing the macarena       with no hands!!!!!
has got the funk without the parlament
"ugh  i hate my voice  i cant sing worth crud, especially when im nervous "
sometimes the hardest part of finally seeing through someone is accepting what you see   
"if i came with a warning label, what would it be?"
"says 50% of us are depressed, and the other 50% are responsible for it"
is upset that my multiple personalities are no longer speaking to each other   
is replacing the chains on his swing set with bungee cords and launching 3rd graders into orbit  anyone wanna help?
i have the kind of friends that will set my house on fire just to be able to flirt with the firefighters who come to put it out      *glares at madi*
"says never judge a book by its cover  but if the story inside is boring and self-centered, then judge away "
padded rooms are fun!  i get a bouncy room all to myself!!
"although we may be <propmale> apart, your love & laughter always remains in my heart  here is to wishing you were here "
"wants to know    if i got arrested, what do you think it would be for??"
"tomorrow night, pinky, we come up with a different plan  tomorrow we take over walmart!"
levels of insanity    1 - talking to ones self  2 - arguing with ones self  3 - losing argument with ones self  4 - in no longer speaking to ones self  where do you think i am?
"sanity can be cured, i had a friend that was sane  we cured them "
has lost control of the gremlins! drastic measures must be taken immediately! pass me the tranquilizer darts!!!
"sometimes i question my sanity, occasionally it replies!"
is making sure all jellybeans are dead so they cant say mean things to him anymore 
"i'm not insane  i mean, everyone talks to purple polka-dotted dragons and then slides on rainbows with the pretty pink unicorns, right?"
wonders if its healthy that his other personality thinks its an orange leprechaun named <propfemale>       
me and my army of swedish squirrels are off to go bowling[:
"i'm locked up in a mental institution, but its not as bad as i thought  im partying with a bunch of orange bananas  and look! its raining fruit loops!"
forget drugs  im addicted to something much better   love 
"<propfemale> hits harder than i ever could, so im just gonna sit back and enjoy the show "
we trust banks with all our hard earned money so why won't they trust us with their pens?
the heart takes care of the stuff the mind cant understand
"if a bunch of midgets are at a baseball game and they do the wave, is it still considered the wave, or just a ripple?!"
i used to wonder why all the best girls were fictional  thanks for proving me wrong 
pretending i don't love you is like pretending i don't need air 
"i don't want to sleep because ill dream, if i dream ill dream of you so i don't want to sleep because i know i cant have you yet "
you reach into my weakest moments and remind me that i am strong  
"they say where there's smoke there's fire, well i hope its true  cause rumor has it you love me too "
i just heard that theres a flower called the foreveryours  i wonder where i can get some and how many i should get you 
when i first met you i was afraid to kiss you  when i kissed you i was afraid to love you  now that i love you im afraid to lose you 
if stars fell every time you made my heart skip a beat the sky would be empty
"close the door, lock it tight, then i know youre safe tonight, turn on our song, that means the most, believe i'm there & hold me close    love "
"when i tell you i love you, i don't say it out of habit or to start a conversation, i say it to remind you that you're the best thing that ever happened to me "
"when your voice whispers past my ear, i think there's no one else but you   when i look into your eyes, i know its true "
"has found someone who holds his hand in public, kisses his face not just his lips, and says 'hes the one' when her friends ask who he is  love "
you found a place deep in my heart i thought i'd never see; that only proves to me how wonderful you will always be 
"if i had to chose between breathing and loving you, then i would use my last breath to say i love you  love "
it's really amazing how you make me smile  smile  and the way you make me laugh too 
"your kisses make me dizzy, your hugs keep me warm, the way you look at me gives me butterflies  you are the love of my life and i will love you forever!  love "
has the most amazing girlfriend in the world
"i love it when my fingers are entangled in yours, your head on my chest listening to my heart beat  it made me feel so safe like nothing bad could ever happen to us  love "
"when people laugh and ask me what i see in you, i laugh and tell them everything you don't "
describing how i feel when i'm with you is like trying to describe how water tastes; completely impossible   love 
you have no idea what the sight of you wearing my jacket with my hat falling down over your eyes does to my heart 
"some people say their guardian angel is watching over them, but the difference between them & me is that mine fell from heaven to be with me!  love "
falls asleep with a pillow in his arms tonight wishing it was you  miss you baby 
"feels really lonely  i cant sleep  i wish you were here, baby "
"i hear your hopes, i feel your dreams, and in the dark i hear your screams  dont turn away, just take my hand, and when you make your final stand, ill be right there, ill never leave  all i ask of you is: believe "
thinks sleeping wont be a problem tonight      *yawn* about freakin time       
"well, im happy  gonna do drivers <propmale> until <propfirst> texts me, then spend pretty much the rest of the night talking to her  i saw a picture from her girls-day thingy with <propfemale> archey and <propfemale> <propmale>, and she looks amazing!"
stayed up til 3 am talking to <propfirst>  that was amazing  and well worth the exhaustion 
has a shiny machoke named acid  i understand if you're jealous 
"just saw spy next door  <propfirst> <propfemale> is hilarious! on another note, 3 more days of spring break left!  smile  im gonna get hurt for saying this, but i cant wait till tuesday!"
"3 more days  jam on sunday, and potluck at the angottis tonight  im gonna suffer through monday, then hellooooo <propfirst>!!  smile "
"\are you spencer?\""  \""yes!\"" \""how are your buttocks?\"" \""fine     \""  *feels butt*  \""firm \""  hahaha  i love icarly """
"promise me son, not to do the things ive done  walk away from trouble if you can  now it wont mean youre weak if you turn the other cheek  i hope youre old enough to understand, son you dont have to fight to be a man"
"i promised you dad not to do the things youve done  i walk away from trouble when i can  now please dont think im weak, i didnt turn the other cheek  and papa i sure hope you understand, sometimes youve gotta fight when youre a man "
two great philosophies together in a great song 
still has the funk without the parlament
skidoodleybop!
"we were on the beach  i was running form evil cheese! they were trying to eat me up, but they ran into a rock! but it wasnt a rock! it wasa rock monster!"
"off to the angottis' for a potluck, then bed  2 1 2 days of break left!  smile "
"one day of break left! and <propfirst> is giving me a music stand         alrighty then! goodnight, facebook!  laugh "
one more day     im counting the stinking hours 
it takes a man to fight when he knows he cant win  it takes a real man not to fight when he knows he can 
finally  only a few more hours  break come quickly 
"im happy  i saw <propfirst> again, and hopefully she had an amazing birthday "
ok      mr peterson was being very creepy today      
ok      any choir kids that know why mr peterrson was just being so creepy?
everyone tries to define this thing called character  it's not hard  character is doing what's right when nobody's looking 
90% of the time when i get in trouble it is because i'm laughing  why is my happiness being punished?
days like today are why i don't own a gun
is grateful for the people in his life that make his life worth while
is ashamed of what he has done for a klondike bar
the perfect person to love is the one that loves you for your imperfections perfectly!
"everyone knows that grain-fed animals are the tastiest of all  so if we come to the point where cannibalism is necessary, we should start with vegans "
"i was talking to myself early today  i was being very cordial and polite, but i could tell i was lying "
"says if you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders"
has the opportunity to hold the most amazing girl in the world in his arms  and takes every opportunity to do so 
"well this kinda sucks       but in other news, prism was fantastic!"
is bored and commanding his <propmale> subjects to entertain him! lol
"says: when people give you crap, make like a monkey and fling it at them!"
is going to find the evil <propfemale> that lives in the dryer that keeps stealing his socks!! if you don't see me tomorrow call the cops wish me luck!!
"i could have sworn that the action window on my itunes just said \sacrificing <propfirst>'s ipod\"""""
"im going to temecula to see my grandparents, my sisters, and my three abolutely adorable nieces!!!!!!"
"has been accepted into the loose laces poetry club because of my songs run away and hold on      hahahaha, thank you, <propfemale> archey"
can play again! now to get back to wrestling    
all i want to do is hold you in my arms and never let go  love 
got his class ring yesterday! its awesome!
"hey, who's going to prom? i need to know, it's kind of important "
"i just switched to english(pirate)  this is hilarious, matey!"
anybody know whats going on? when i plug my headphones into my ipod it plays over the speaker and the headphones    
off to the costa mesa 5k! be back later!
ran the costa mesa 5k! my time was 26:47
"jeff:what makes you happy, <propfirst>?     <propfirst> jalapeno on a stick: my bmw jeff: you have a bmw? <propfirst> jalapeno on a stick:yes senor  on a stick "
"so a 5k run, reteaching myself the double-leg, and two plates of homemade orange chicken later, i am beat  goodnight!"
"ok, so my legs and back are sore from running thet costa mesa 5k yesterday  it was fun though  time for church!"
"says: if i had a dollar for every time i heard the word crackalacadingdong, id have zero dollars"
says: sometimes treating someone exactly as they treat others is a dose of their own medicine that they just can't take  gotta love <propfemale> 
"says: for every idiot-proof system devised, a new, improved idiot will arise to overcome it "
says: hope floats  but stupid bounces
says: here's definitely something wrong with you when you fall off of the floor    and you havent had a single drink 
says: love is word that they use to get lucky  love is a word that reminds me how lucky i am 
wants a hug      
"<propfemale>      this morning <propfirst> asks me to come to the dance show in a week, and the first thing i see when i get on facebook is an invitation to the same show       "
yknow what? some people really need to learn when to shut up and go away  thanks for ruining a perfectly good evening 
"pretty good day, all in all    yeah  so im going to set up for vbs tomorrow, then head over to hatty's place "
urgh  i have a sore throat because of the wind kcking up my allergies  my throat hurts right where my surgery was  this sucks so bad 
so    hatty's neighbor scared the living daylights out of both of us       that was really creepy     
"i'm gonna rock you baby to sleep  i'm gonna make you crazy over me  im gonna hold you like you've never been held before  love you till you till you tell me you can't love anymore  im gonna shake your emotions right down to your soul  then im gonna love you all over, in and out of control  if this is how love is supposed to feel, then baby i know i've fallen head over heels  im gonna rock you, baby "
"my dad got a droid, so i sent him all my pics so i could put them on my new (his old) phone, but now he cant figure out how to send the pics back      fail "
"so    i cant feel my thighs     darn you, <propfirst>! although using lynns head <propmale> prop when i fell was interesting  i got a dirty look for it though    and about 5 seconds later, she was holding my hand  gotta love that girl "
"if you watched hawk talk today, you know what i mean  kawaiiiiiiii!!!!!!!"
"i love pillar! particularly three songs: for the love of the game, throwdown, and indivisible "
"aw yeah, ya like that dontcha?"
"just got back from the dance show  good job, girls! i love you, <propfirst>! the two best performances were the male soloist and the all-male hip-hop dance group  that was amazing "
"ok, so this was lunch yesterday: \*grandma takes a peice of meat out of her mouth*\ dad: too tough, mom?  \me: no  \dad: how do you know?   \me: 'cuz shes tougher than most of those animals were when they were alive!"
"this is ten percent luck, \twenty percent skill, \fifteen percent concentrated power of will, \five percent pleasure, \fifty percent pain, \and a hundred percent reason to remember the name!"
"theres the music, nii-san"
lol  someone just told me the corus line to remember the name should be my theme song 
so im catching up with one of my friends that i havent seen since homecoming last year    i just told her about madi and <propfirst>      lol
"sometimes i wish i could change the past  then i realise that the past has made us who we are today, and it has presented countless opportunities that would never have come if i changed the past  so i'll let the past be, and enjoy the happiness god has blessed me with through the past "
"well, life is good "
wow  so nobody has any thoughts on me joining cross country? im surprised!
"i just got back from the <propfemale> hills church of christ's lockin  that was hilarious  the way i think of the song \the lion sleeps tonight\"" will be forever changed"""
everybody look at givesmehope com ive never seen such an amazing collection of stories that gmh 
is done with drivers <propmale>!!! *unce* *unce*
"every time i look at my profile picture, i cant help but think that she looks very comfy "
something that most people fail to see: a horrible personality can make the most beautiful person ugly  and an amazing personality can make the ugliest person beautiful  im just lucky  i found someone with both looks and personality 
i hate seeing the pain in her eyes and knowing i caused it    i hate myself for not being able to help her when she falls    i hate being so powerless to help her when she needs me   
"im so happy knowing that all is forgiven  neither of us is perfect, and we both messed up  its time to start again, this time together  maybe thats what we needed all along "
wow     i seriously cant believe that all flowed out so smoothly to make ultimate ownage 
i love making nii-san's life awkward  but enough for now 
off to hatty's!
"ok, so recap  ran with hatty, got a fedora with <propfemale>, played <propmale>'s dads bass guitar, and watched the most amazing jazz concert ever  an amazing end to a great day "
i love the laugh at the beginning of the fire
hahahaha  i just made kailyn about have a stroke  she doesnt understand that 3 <propmale> isnt a very long run for me and hatty
i just saw a group that said \more girls go to college than boys," so shut up and make me a sandwich\""\"ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,my parents want to get a <propmale> shepard  smile 
what kind of sick person put an 's' in the word lisp?
i love how half my favorite bands have at least one music video that only amounts to psychadelic nosense that only slightly applies to the song
is finally typing up some songs that he wote bafore the cahsee
"writhe in jealosy symphonic band, im watching lion <propmale>!!!!!!"
im playing my sax in a fedora       i feel sexy  smile 
sooo      who want pictures of me dressing like a mobster tomorow?
"so im talking to <propfirst> <propfirst>  talk about a self-esteem boost  apparently my mafia look doesnt make me look awesome, i make my mafia look look awesome   smile  hahahaha"
"theres a calm surrender\to the rush of day\when the heat of a rolling wind\an enchanted moment\and it sees me through\its enough for this restless warrior\just to be with you\ love "
"ok, ill bite \\if you \like\"" this status i will post on your wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want a challenge """
urgh    what a day  but at least my routines went okay after a lot of help from <propmale>
"if you \like\"" this status i will post on your wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want a challenge \",ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,"drum <propmale> auditions in a hour      *stress* hahahahaha  no, im fine  im just gonna do my best  if i make it, great, and if i dont ill try again next year   smile "
"i did fine at drum <propmale> tryouts, took pictures of lynns cowgirl costume for dance, kept my big shiny stick away from <propfemale>, gave her a piggyback ride, and ate lasagna  a good day  and monday im getting cds fron niisan"
"rambaddin dun bumba din now\rambuddin dumba din do\rambaddin dun bumba din now\rambuddin dumba din do"
"and at this moment i'm standing forward!\i've tried it your way so how do you like me now?"
"i just saw a motivational poster  \none of us is as stupid as all of us together\"" and screamed \""congress!!!!!!!!!!\"""""
this is sad    im 16 and i just put on the first pair of flip-flops i have ever owned
"i really dont deserve the happiness in my life, but i thank god every day that its there "
we had field tryouts today  im confident that i did really good on that  half 0 pd tomorrow so <propfemale> lawn  can try out  good luck!
"remember how a cold shower used to be a punishment? i just took one voluntarily, and it was amazing  smile "
"i'm not going down that easy, it takes more than that just to break me \im not going down without bleeding  i'm not going down, down without a fight"
counting the seconds til friday  its all day with <propfirst> and banquet at night  dont get much better  smile 
cool! i just did the facebook mobile thing!\\nbrs love clg
cool! i just did the facebook mobile thing!
cool! i just did the facebook mobile thing! but so far its not working very well      
i think the facebook mobile thing is working this time     *fingers crossed*
um     wow     i guess it did work    
"well, i talked to beckman about help paying for the xc     now to talk to lawson      fun      "
"i wont let them deify you!\they view\you as the new messiah!\deify you!\renew! \belief in one demented man!"
"i didnt make drum <propmale>     oh well! <propmale> is the street drum <propmale>, and <propfemale> made field  good job and good luck you guys! (but be careful, <propmale>  im coming for you next year     playful  hahaha)"
"im at the special olympics! volunteering, not participating  annoyed "
 smile  theyre playing <propfemale> at the special olympics 
ive been assigned to help out with the bocce athletes    now if only i knew what bocce is    
done at the special olympics  i wish i could stay longer  these people are amazingly fun  ive never met anyone as nice as the people i meet at things like this 
"hey bandos, did anyone get the bjc xxiii cds?"
"ahahahaha  oh, the irony "
did any of you bandos buy the bjc xxiii cds??
can anyone fathom why people feel the need to argue ovr the stupidest things? just frickin talk! dont scream!!
hahaha  smile  fun  im at <propfemale>'s house and were studying some strange mixture of japanese and language arts
bandos! bring yur instruments tomorrow!
going to toms then gonna go to angels fedora night with dad!
well     angels lost 6-0    t-t
"long, but fun, day     and church now  then i have to sleep  good news: xc weight lifting isnt at 6 am  bad news: its 3 smile 0-4 smile 0 pm not a problem normally, but wrestling is 4-8pm"
"<propfemale> lansley, you are the only person i know that can make a rubik's cube hilarious"
"gonna be a pretty long day, but if my head doesnt decide to be stupid and hurt before i can take an aspirin  first, bloodwork appt at 8:20, then vbs canvassing at 9 smile 0, then beach partay!!!!! im going to corona with <propfemale> archey and <propfemale> <propmale> and a few other peeps and were gonna celebrate the end of thet accursed school year!"
"\alcohol and calculus dont mix  dont drink and derive\""\",ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,"i seriously just did that     im looking through a stack of newspapers for hot dog coupons, and i just looked through about half of a loreal coupon book before i realized i probably wasnt gonna find coupons for hot dogs in there      "
"its nice to know that we have mature, intelligent teammates, right wrestlers? well unfortunately that doesnt seem to be the case     but im far from letting that ruin my day  beach party in about 2 hours! woo!"
"\alcohol and calculus dont mix  dont drink and derive\"""""
"aw, man! i spent 15 minutes getting sand out of my hair last night! hals, madi, you guys are nuts "
just got a piece of meat out from between his teeth      it tasted      odd  like beef and chicken combined  like beefen!!! win!!!
"were off to see the wizard, the wonderful wi- oh no!!! theyre taking me to the dmv!!!! heeeeeellllllpp!!!!!"
is watching mythbusters with catie  awesome!  playful 
just scratched an itch on his arm with his phone      lovely      nice to know i can appreciate some of the more obscure uses for technology 
lovely     my computer went on the <propmale> yesterday and it said that solitaire was infected with a virus    my reaction: (epic movie yell) nooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to fatburger for the first time since my road trip with my dad before 7th grade!! yessssss!!!
is dressing up as a weird sailor-dude  who wants pictures???? lol
vbs      i look forward to this every year 
"we did step-aerobics and yoga w mrs lawson  im just gna go to sleep now  the step aerobics nearly killed me, but the yoga was extremely relaxing "
"am i the only person that enjoys saysing \muffins\"" during awkward silences?"""
happy independence day! thank god for our troops!
"and every time i hear 21 guns\i know they've brought another hero home to us"
"so dont tell me whos wrong and right\when <propfemale> starts slippin away\and if you aint gonna fight\get outta the way\cause freedom aint so free\when you bleed red white and blue"
ahhh      the fourth of july with my friends at church  whats better?
"lovely     had a great 4th of july, and on the 5th i wake up in a coughing fit  ive been coughing so hard that i swear my colon is up in my throat"
"so dont let time\leave you empty handed!\reach out tonight\and make ameeeeeeeeeeends!!!!\aww, man! i love alter bridge!"
"seize the day is awesome! (for all you bandos, im not talking about that one)"
"like this status and i'll tell you: my first impression of you, what i like about you, what i dislike about you, and a confession if i have one about you (thanks <propfemale> for a solution to my boredom  playful )"
"let your mind free and allow your nature to comsume you  dont hinder yourself with the hate and anger that you force on your heart  let the natural love that all humans share flow free  life's challenges are miniscule compared to the love that god has placed in all of our hearts, and that love itself is but a grain of sand to the mountain of his love for us "
im the doting uncle  i loves my neices! i have more pictures of my neices on my phone than <propfirst>  and i have a lot of <propfirst>
t-t    i need a hug       wanna nearly made me cry at the burial today 
gah!! im kinda bored  text me people!
"i commented on a guys misuse of the n-word, and this is the response i get (edited) \\ur a f------ moron too look up n----- be 4 u try to place a f------ race card what was it? originally ? n----- = ignorant person or a tree look it up and know what it f------ means unless ur a n----- urself\""\",ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,nearly smashed an egg with his class ring     awesome  smile 
"first xc practice was cake, but madi says that we'll be doing 3 <propmale> by friday  i think im gonna like this summer   smile "
three hour bus ride      someone help me  text me  something!
"i can totally see madi and me singing \im alright\"" by <propfemale> <propfirst> messina  is that odd?"""
"\poison <propfemale> is the necrophiliac of plants\"" -zetsu\",ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,"4 months and two days      <propfemale> archey, that should be a familiar number       playful "
"lovely  same bus ride as yesterday, going the other way   "
be afraid  im officially cleared to drive   playful 
lesson of the day: do not get <propmale> mad 
three  and  a  half  hours  at the dentist  someone shoot me 
wrestling tournament today at el do  wish me luck  will keep you posted periodically
wrestling tournament today at el do  wish me luck  this should be fun  im in better shape than i have been in a while  ill keep you posted periodically
not a good day  i went 0-4 and lost to 3 of my teammates  now im on my way to snails pace to get some running shoes 
"got some pretty awesome xc shoes  theyre <propfemale> colors, but i needed special support, and beggars cant be choosers"
"-ï- i cant feel my hand, and my thumb is twitching involuntarily    "
i proudly embrace my inner mental patient!  playful 
grr     ive got so much hanging over my head right now      i thought summer was time to relax??? t-t
"skype me! \hi im zetsu\i really need human contact right now    "
lame        i just saw y=mx+b  carved into a bathroom stall     nerd graffiti!! lol
rifnars       random ice flying near a radio syndrome      i love my crazy awesome possibly unhealthy relationship with <propfemale> archey
"\omigosh flying cancer!\"" i love odd moments with hatty"""
i just saw a strobe cat!
wrestling tournament at <propfemale> tomorrow  wish me luck!
"urgh     i went 0-2 today  i lost my first match 0-2 in ot, lost my second match 5-6  i still had a pretty good tournament though "
im watching the mythbusters of fighting  deadliest warrior  awesome 
gah!! i keep getting text messages! cant you tell im clipping my toenails?!?!?!? lol  playful 
o o i just saw a raw chicken smash a car windshield     
i can barely feel half my face      awesome   playful 
"\i should not be able to jump higher than you with your epic thighs of doom\"" - <propfemale> archey \",ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,im done with drivers training!!
"\im being abused with corn!!\"" -me at the beach with <propmale> and <propfemale>"""
poor <propfirst>  maddy is dressing him up    
leaving for vacation with grandma and grandpa tomorrow morning!!  laugh 
just saw an ostrich farm!
greetings from solvang
i can now say ive had a danish cinnamon roll!  laugh 
pismo beach ahoy!  playful 
"\your wife just tried to decapitate me with a cheesy bread snack!!\"" -me"""
ahoy from <propfemale> <propfirst>! i just got out of the pool  imagine that! a motorhome park with a pool!
my first time on an actual train!  playful 
"so    today i went on a train, bought a present for <propfirst>, and got into a fight with a pool noodle     i lost     "
what would you say if i bought a saint <propmale> and named him mr  doomba?
i woke up about 3 hours ago  im getting ready to leave to go white water rafting! owo
"\fear my awesome dress up skills!\"""""
"\the gray hair and granny flaps of youth!!!\"""""
"i have a mole, and its eating all my grape jelly  sad "
you know what would be awesome? if i had weighted  clothing like in dbz  then i could work out just by walking around
"i asked jesus \how much do you love me?\""\\njesus replied \""this much\"" and he stretched out his arms and died\"""""
im eating frosted flakes  smile 
"if you could summon an animal with your mind, what would it be?"
yes! 922 hits!
5 months!  laugh  yay!!!!!
theres a fat chinese dude with a bowl cut singing <propfirst> <propmale>      and hes doing an awesome job o o
"\so the republican plan is to fight socialism by <propfemale> becoming communist?\""   -<propfirst> <propmale> from the daily show"""
fail     i just saw a mcdonalds sign with only one arch    
"\a cow dressed as a police officer riding a tricycle with a ferret and a rooster on his shoulders? that rules\""  -some announcer dude"""
"happy friday the 13th! all u evil people, throw a party! and all you non-evil people, hide! and throw a party in hiding!\\n3-11-10"
"i just realized something      i wear hats all the time, so i'm set for when that terrible beast that we call baldness comes to steal my soul!"
"if you were to leave a spaceship withour a spacesuit, what would kill you first?  a-intense cold  b-no oxygen   c-the vaccum"
one thing ive learned from dragon ball z: namekians have deadly burps
yush!! ninja warrior marathon! that can only mean one thing! the next season is coming! i cant wait to see the new course!!
its amazing how an evening of singing can boost your spirits 
lovely     2 hours later my <propfirst> still has no brakes      the master cylinders probly out     
that was a nice 40 mile bike ride  now for xc practice  lol
is making faces for no apparent reason
"\your wife just tried to decapitate me with a cheesy bread snack!!\"" -me"""
i saved <propmale>!!
im listening to a band that named their album sandwich      
"if you felt your heart stop for a second while watching <propfemale>'s got talent tonight, like this "
leaving for the mountains at 1! wooo! ignite teen camp!
ive got a <propmale> shepherd puppy!!! her name is <propfemale>!!!
so      my puppy woke me up this morning with big slobbery wet doggy kisses  laugh 
"maes' chinese islamic resturant       wow, really?"
"\were in a baggette boat with a tank full of snail grease! what could go wrong?\"" -phineas from \""phineas and ferb\"""""
so apparently im the flying turtle of doom      
"let me make something perfectly clear  if i find out who has been saying things about <propfirst> behind my back, there will be problems "
"done practicing and assembling my <propfemale> book  now to relax  \and just to be perfectly clear, what i said earlier still applies  if i find out who has been saying things about <propfirst> behind my back, there will be problems "
"\machine gun-wielding zombie nuns       whats wrong with this picture??\""    -me"""
alumni run soon  wish me luck!  laugh 
"\you ripped my cookie!!\"" -<propfirst>"""
my time for the alumni run: 15:50
my right nostril seems to be having an involuntary spasm        
"i love how my best friend is also my ex girlfriend  by all rights that should be an awkward relationship, but instead me and <propfemale> archey are the best of friends!"
"\maurity is a high price to pay for growing up\"""""
"more useless trivia with <propfirst>! how long have yoyos been around?   a- about 20 years b- about 200 c- about 2,000 d- about 20,000"
ill take off my halo if you take off your wings  you dont have to be invincible cuz i sure aint no saint 
meh  im bored  like this status and ill tell you what i like & dislike about you and a confession about you
ok so i feel great after that workout 
awwww        i want a flying lemur!!!
"i wonder which sickens me more, kidz bop or the fact that theyre singing beyonce      "
"i wonder how many ppl will be dead tired this morning? probably all of the freshmen, and most of the sophomores       maybe some upperclassmen, too"
"\thank you so much for stalking us! we  love  you so much!\""  -gaara \""kc\"""""
i just saw a girl that looked like mia stuck inside a pepsi machine       gotta love the internet 
hakuna matata! the best advice ive heard all day!
six months! i love you babe!
<propfemale> was 1st with the girl in 2nd like 100 yds behind her  and osiris and stormer blew through the senior race! both top 50!!  laugh 
"i was blown away at the sheer number of people at fastback  each heat had upward of 100 ppl, and there was somewhere around 14 heats"
so my new kanji folder is an angels folder         laugh 
lovely       i cant get the sound on my comp to work  that means no asylum or skype til it decides to be nice again 
"ok, so im channel surfing on the radio and i hear hotel california      i think ill stay and listen for a while      smile "
so apparently my neice likes to play with lynns ipod       hahahaha
i feel like a freaking punching bag       i have no idea what im supposed to do       
"\do not put hairspray on sequins!\"" -corkie\\n<hakuna matata>"""
"\hadley stop hiding your quesedilla!\"" i love team dinners      """
my race at woodridge is at 12:15
22:46!!! i pred by 4 surprise 1!!!
meh  im tired and my face is sunburnt
"well       wow im just horrible, arent i?"
"ahahahaha!!!! i dont know why i find this funny, but my scalp is sunburnt!"
 laugh  i got the radio in my <propfirst> to work!! i feel accomplished!\\n<pr 4 surprise 1!!>
doesnt mind canned worms
happy birthday dad!
"\mariah is an adorable little whirlwind of death  she doesnt count\"""""
"i got 169th place and i know i pred, but my time wasnt posted  i'll check the website later "
the aloha dance was awesome  i spent the last 30 minutes trying to teach <propfemale> how to dance  playful 
"the aloha dance was awesome  i spent the last 30 minutes trying to teach <propfemale> how to dance  i think i failed, but it was fun  playful "
"i just checked dyestat  smile  i places 169th at <propfirst> hills, and m,y time was 21:40 8  1 surprise 6 pr baby!!!  laugh "
gonna fight the war and use my music as a weapon!!!
"well, mediocrity seems to be my lot  i cant really say im not used to it by now"
"one suggestion, use your discretion before you label me blind"
"hahaha we just solved one of the dilemas of hattys life! the one-eyed one-horned flying purple people eater isnt purple, he eats purple people!!  laugh "
"wow     i really miss the guys on the wrestling team     cross country is fun, but its just not quite the same"
hahahahaha!! my dad just got a card in the mail from the aarp!!
"\white supremacists storm the basketball court\"" wow      somehow i find this extremely amusing"""
"monk fight!!!! hahaha im watching most shocking, and there was a riot consisting entirely of monks and the riot police trying to stop them"
just ran 6 milles in the rain      dont you just love california?
blech  going to the dentists
"\so i lost $300 in vegas high-fiving a monkey       yeah      \"""""
going to the jam at <propfirst> valley church of christ with maddy and the gang from newland
"\thats extremely creepy yet strangely enjoyable\"""""
for how long will you hide? how long until you walk away? your facade cant disguise the fact thet youre in misery
"ok so i feel accomplished  i know he was injured, but the fact that i stayed with ceasar for over 3 <propmale> makes me happy"
urgh     i hate thursday football games     
yikes      i am definitely a cat person  i cant keep up with <propfemale> at all  shes running circles around me
does anybody know how to get <propfemale> out of the olivine lighthouse? grrr i cant figure it out
"pretty good night at the rowland field tournament  we got 1st, arcadia got sweeps  now for food and sleep  smile "
"\mom get in the driver seat now!\"" -tawnys reaction to me driving home from church"""
eeewwww       week-old noodle juice on my leg      
"well this is lovely  monday, here i come, armed with 4 hours of sleep t-t"
so apparently the guard are all kidney stones      
"noone will ever see this side reflected  and if theres something wrong, who would have guessed it?"
is at the cross country team dinner costume party!
<propfemale> got lost in my jacket   playful  that things way too big on her
lol guys vs girls for control of the minihouse       girls dominated      mostly because <propfemale> is absolutely insane
just got a gps watch!!  laugh 
"\lets get down to business to degfeat the huns\"" lol i love the music they play while were getting into uniform"""
goodnight bandos! (because were the only sane people that are still awake      although sometimes i question the sane part)
so enjoys debates  today's subject: human nature
"\so what do you think of the name transient  pancake?\""  -hatty"""
well we just spent 3 weeks on <propfirst> 6:9-10       this is awesome
omgobamasonthedailyshow!!!
"im eating pumpkin pie, playing pokemon, and watching obama talk politics with a comedian"
"so many fun quotes on halloween  \stop massaging my wig!\"" -<propfemale>"""
awww       <propmale> didnt win homecoming <propmale>      he totally should have though  but at least we won the game!
yardwork and cleaning rain gutters       at least im getting paid\\n<epicpieofdoom>
homcoming was awesome  happy haloween!
new phone!  playful  this makes my night a lil better i suppose
last race of the season  and my knee is feeling better just in time
race at 1 smile 0  wish me luck
21 smile 5 atleague finals!!!! 1:11 pr!!!!!
21 smile 5 at league finals!!!! 1:11 pr!!!!! and my new 1 mile pr is 6:40
is making cookies!!!! i think i deserve a reward for selling the most in the fundraiser (50!!!!)
8 months       wow       i cant believe its been that long already
is it sad that i really enjoy polishing my showstoppers?
"yknow, its frustratingly hard for me to run in some places  unfortunately, norwalk is one of them"
grrr       all this waiting for prelim awards to start is driving me crazy
5 days til arcadia!!!!
o o coach hazard ran cross country in high school         
oh joy  its pouring at arcadia  effffffffff
lol im watching shrek with my grandparents        laugh  i love my family
"i'm sweet, kind, lovable and innocent  \shhh! stop laughing  you're blowing my cover!"
don't pretend to be smarter than you are unless you want to confirm that you're dumber than you look 
   should really have his own warning label  comment and tell me what it should say
woot! 8 surprise 0 practice! i actually got to sleep in!
this should be interesting  i have wrestling practice in 45 <propfemale> and if i dont start feeling better soon im gonna die
"\are you insinuating that i should tolerate this diabolical insubordination from an individual whose mental capacity barely exceeds that of a lima bean?\"""""
hmmmm      i have a dilemma
ok so this whole fiasco with getting my bike back and this whole misunderstanding has left me extremely hungry     
im tired      but tangled was awesome
\i decided long ago, \ee9cd3e60054d54082ef264bd7b1885e,lovely      were on our way to church and the freeway is literally a parking lot      he turned the car off      
"of all the things about me that she could choose, she chooses to be scared of my driving? my sister is a nut "
is watching the most epic moment in the whole dragon ball dbz dbgt saga
 laugh  im singing christmas carols!!!!
160 6
lol i weigh 172 with my suit and fedora on 
"\i'm a barbaque conniseur\""          thats something you dont hear every day"""
 laugh  awwww         <propfirst> + <propfirst> = kawaiiiiii!!!!!!!!
good job frosh soph a b and c
"el dorado invitational, day 2        *pound head on wall*"
an emergency situation that requires tweezers        at a wrestling tournament thats a scary thought
o o i just got mail from the aarp      thats the american association of retired people     
163 5
hold me closer <propfemale> dancer  love 
i won! i beat a millikan kid 2-0
"i lost  ah well  i went 1-2 at my first tournament of the year  not as good as i would have liked, but it happens"
we celebrated christmas with my aunt and cousin because theyre going to mammoth next week  i got an e-reader!!! and a nice picture  smile 
just ordered my letterman jacket! it should be here in about 3 weeks  laugh 
really? really? just shut up!!!!!
is it really that hard to go one day without all the yelling and screaming???????
just sittin here readin mah nook waiting for my grandma and aunt to get here so we can open things  playful  yeah were early risers
everybody have a good christmas?
does anybody know when f s practice is?
"so i have a concussion  no running, wrestling, or lifting until the doctor clears it "
"im gnawing on the head of a flightless, semiaquatic bird"
we picked up the girls and were on our way home
yes! i (for the most part) have broken the language barrier!
"\nothing says mothers love like a giant robotic platapus butt\"""""
"\its like having two foreign and completely unrelated sisters who dont speak english!\"""""
yay! im better at video games than nae and kasumi!!  laugh  lol
"goodbye is never fun, but wow      i didnt realize i had grown so attached to those two girls  nae and kasumi, we'll miss you"
cant sleep  again  lovely      
off to brea!
good night world  good job today boys  especially f s  62-9 is awesome  and nice pin monkey!
*sigh* something tells me i wont be sleeping tonight
driving!  playful 
extremely frustrated  <propfirst> tong is a disgusting excuse for a human being
<propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfirst> <propmale> <propfemale>! those are the korean girls homestaying with us
"\love doesnt make the world go round  love is what makes the ride worthwhile\"" -<propmale> p jones"""
lost f s but idk about jv  lets go varsity!
"\whats with these old people? do they have radar or something?\"""""
lol my cats a ladys man  playful 
"dude, props to <propmale>  he was giving up over 50lb and he still held his own against a kid that got 2nd at the <propmale> invitational "
i got my letterman!!!!!
eldo girls wp vs temecula valley       *hiss*
i missed the hwt match of the iowa-oklahoma dual match  anyone see it?
nice  iowa vs oklahoma state ended 15-15  that was a tough match
welcome to the world <propmale> <propfirst> bearly  god bless you <propfirst> and <propfemale> for taking him in
what year did ww1 end?
could someone give me deeanns email adress?
so it turns out i wont be lettering this year because of this stupid concussion!!!!!!
im starting to wonder if its even worth it anymore
my first status posted with my ipod  behind the times much?
 smile  <propfemale> jeong might be coming back to stay with us on a student visa for college next year
finals go til 12:26  its 11 surprise 0       *sigh*
i really hope youre happy  you got rid of me  it took you long enough 
does anyone know anything about fixing ipod bugs?
"lol i saw a guy in mcdonalds with an \i  love  jesus\"" hat  i stopped him and pointed at his hat and said \""me too!\"""""
i still say the swat team should have a squad of ninjas posted in every county
are me and <propfemale> really the only people at this school who dont care about the super bowl?
league finals tomoro and winter formal with <propfirst> tomorrow night  smile 
league finals!\\n*welcome to my asylum*
like this if you know the super bowl is on and you arent watching it because you have better things to do
i wish we could just talk like we used to      
whats with this waiting room?
happy valentines day!
jump city  i love freerunning  smile 
holy cow  go tempest! that was an awesome match
"\and later the pie comes out of different orfices at different times\"" -<propfirst> duff"""
"\its like a big black hole of fail\"""""
according to <propfemale> i suffer from gatorade deficiency
its nice to hear the house has morals      to an extent      
aw man      just got my new insoles      my legs are perfectly straight now but my legs huuuuuuurt t-t
txt me ppls! im at practice and i cant run! t-t
*sigh* some people just dont get it        
176      wow      i feel fat     
i was in 3 sports this year      and i have the sweatshirts to prove it  laugh 
"and the peace of god, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds through jesus christ"
"1600m-6:13, 800m-3 surprise 3, 4x4 1600 relay- individual-1:20 team-4 smile 5"
"1600m-6:13, 800m-3 surprise 3, 4x4 1600 relay- individual-1:20 team-4 smile 5"
i got a bday card from harding university      
thanks everybody who wished me a happy birthday  i had an amazing birthday and an even better anniversary
"its not a joke, ive felt as messed up as you do  ive felt the feelings youve been feeling, been through the same things youve been through  and i know how how hard it is to feel like youre alone  weve all been given a second <propmale>, but the choice is all our own "
"$31,190!!!!  thanks for the help everybody who donated!!!!!"
wow! penn state is ncaa champs for the first time since 1953!
fake trees      *sigh* even a nuclear detonation cant get rid of those things  playful 
february 8th  the day that shall forever live on in infamy        maddy
beckman is doing karaoke!  laugh 
pop culture just kinda passes right by me doesnt it? i think i like it that way
on my way to <propfirst>'s for the <propfemale> hawkins dance  playful 
*sigh* an amazing night  goodnight world  smile 
