971ba69590918296f063271586b3ff1f
at home back in west palm beachi want to go out
i wanna work out     <propmale> needs to hurry up
on my way to <propfemale>    staying in <propfemale> tonight
about to hit the road to va     roadtrip
"tired as fuck    drove to dam neck, va by myself  sad "
checking in today
bored and getting to know dam neck    it sucks
man im tired of 'work' i wanna go to school already mondays suck
1 more day of prevent yay
thanks everybody  smile 
im bored    cant wait till tonight
"sore as hell from \pt\"" (boxing muay thai) yesterday    got to go back in an hour dont make me  sad """
lesson for today: dont ask a white man to do a black man's job
"lesson for today: don't have retards help with inventory    hooya zero!  annoyed  \(fucking hate females)"
tired ass fuck  pt with the kids today (0800-1030) kindergarden-2nd grade
<propfemale> sucks there's nothing to do here and im bored
beach! and movies?
just made e-4 so you can call me gm3 madiedo bitches!!
how random is random car inspection (on base) i swear the watch set me up    what a waist of time
first day of school tomorrow cant wait  smile 
don't drink and canoe you can get a dui <propfemale> law     lol
so apparently you cant fucking curse in public in <propfemale> aint the some shit    its a $50 fine for fucking cursing what the fuck!   lmfao
boredom    i'm going out
what a night    what a night    i should be a psychologist and not a gm
i hate tests
can someone e playful lain to me what 25mm has to do with vls?
learning to drive stick    i hate 1st gear lol
happy father's day to all the dads
"on duty, good thing i dont have watch "
pt tomorrow morning  annoyed     good thing its kickball and not a run    this time
who knew horseback riding can make your ass sore the next day lol
got the day off tomorrow my instructor has watch lol    wish it was thursday instead
i hate 3 mi run in formation  annoyed 
"i might not go to fl, they're still debating my request chit   annoyed "
staying in jacksonville all weekend
"i did the insanity workout today with my class    epic failure lol, now my instructor wants us to workout tomorrow (idk why) and friday  annoyed "
clubbing?!    hell yea!
im hungry!
so much for self pt my insturctor is going pt crazy now    she's prego insanity workout again    and 3mi run on wed  fml
"on duty today, and i dont know if i have watch this sucks"
watch in 30     annoyed  (till 2200)
lesson for today: dont laugh at damger in the face    he will smack your ass lol literally!
had a test today and did awsome!
command picnic tomorrow the co is going in the dunk tank  smile  cant wait
bored out of my mind!
the pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more 
couldnt accomplish anything today besides medical    cant wait till the food gets here so i can take my meds and go to sleep
what did medical give me? these drugs are messing me up!
bored as hell!!! and cant do anything    no car  crying  for now 
so much for motor world    got a test instead
i hate people who change their number 12 times a year and get mad at you cause you dont (as they call it) halla at them back   you know what     go f@#$ yourself!!!!
just got off a 6 hour watch with an et fml!!!!!
i'm really craving something salty     i dont know why lol
so i definitely hit the door on my way out lol that was embarrassing
"i hate people who follow you in a store, and try to talk to you at the cash register all casual  i'm just saying dont talk to me when im shopping  dont follow me either!"
"you can never be certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try "
so i printed the pictures and the class pics came out blurry    i think we're going to have to do them again lol      but seriously
your lack of organization does not constitute as my emergency    so how about you light a charge up someone elses ass
first day of school again  annoyed    
i have a dream     time to go to bed
firday & monday off i think i might go to d c 
one more week and i'm out   
"last weekend here, what to do, what to do"
wtf fml    i give up
"was at the range all day, the happiest i been in a very long time, what a stress reliever"
so i guess i do get sea sick
"525 damn what to say    all i can say is thinking about you brings a smile to my face, thinking about the time we spent together i had a lot of fun, too bad it was short lived, i hope we can cross paths again, i really miss it"
"\have a coke and a smile   \"""""
<propfemale> i'm home!! lol
"man, i'm crankin  annoyed "
wow epic fail
"\don't piss on me and call it rain\""    some bullshit* t"""
first time seeing the sun in 5 days damn its bright
ugh i have a roommate now  annoyed 
"ugh, underway     again!"
