d4eb9d61493de34f8475504c46ea3fd9
go bucks!!!
the browns are currently failing at failing   it won't last 
thankful for the much needed perspective on what real problems are
is being such a goody-goody student these days it's making me sick 
is pretty sure i finally pinned down the final version of the law school essay    success!
"would have thought georgetown was too classy a place for ghetto-style, drive-by catcalls   apparently not "
is sad for the deer stuck in the construction zone by the msb building  sad 
"is tired of incompetent people   if you say you're going to do something if it's your job to do something, do it "
is trying to figure out the lesser of two evils    the gre or the gmat
feels awfully georgetown studying in saxby's and sipping on my latte
shaq is coming to <propmale>?!?!
feels like i might finally be on the right track
"is, like the rest of the world, revisiting all the mj classics"
is at the dc law school forum sucking up to law school admissions officers 
"feels like i've possibly, maybe, sort of, kind of made up my mind "
"and once again the <propmale> dies less than 5 days before finals   thanks, <propmale> "
is finding summer all-nighters to be particularly offensive
wants to know how i set two alarms and neither went off 
redbull and chinese history   in the summer   be jealous 
"is reminding myself that 1 year from now, i will never, ever again have to spend whole nights of my life memorizing random history"
is going for a long rollerblade by the potomac!
is pretty sure someone should have worked it out so there's a break between summer sessions     class tomorrow  annoyed 
brand new juggling balls  smile 
is excited to go juggle for the kiddies tonight 
hates those days when you realize you're failing at just about everything
just discovered that ive been analyzed in computer juggling animation on jugglewiki org   i think ive reached a new level of nerdiness 
is 3 days until 21
is 21!
all nighter studying   on a saturday night   in the summer   not ok 
"is laughing at the guys sitting across from me in their brightly colored polos with the collars popped   even in georgetown, what kind of toolbag actually pops their collar anymore?"
is convinced that there has to be a way to make energy drinks not taste like rat poison
"doesn't know what happened with the black scholar, but i do know obama acted \stupidly\"" for commenting on it without knowing what went on """
is in my last week of grades that count for law school apps  can't wait to be done!
"is tired, sore, and frustrated"
is studying for finals and trying to ignore my massive headache   2 more days 
"is 400 years of history, 2 finals, 1 night"
is starting my caffeine sugar therapy for the day   4 hrs of exams until freedom 
is done!!!
was not aware that being a calc tutor was a paid job    yesss!!!
"loves ohio, loves home"
mission accomplished!!!  summer starts now!
proof that people don't know good music anymore    http annoyed  www thestar com entertainment article 682033
is getting everything ready to head off to <propmale> in the morning    finally visiting osu law!
is @ osu law
is leavin on that midnight train to georgetown
is pretty sure that any professor who puts his schedule in military time has got to be a douchebag 
rest in peace <propfemale>    you touched more lives than you'll ever know 
is finding out that 6 classes and thesis writing is a lot of work 
never forget 
you lie
"dear professors, thank you for dragging your feet on my recommendations and holding up my law school applications   clearly you cannot spare a half hour of your time for me, even though your class required me to waste several months of my life reading pompous dribble "
loves hearing <propmale> folds on the radio
"is tired of any and all insults against obama being labeled racism   <propmale> isn't racist, he just didn't want to listen to obama's lies "
is pretty sure i've been hit by the swine  annoyed 
finished and sent my first (and most important) law school app!!!
"so much work, so little motivation"
is having the barnum's animal crackers that come in the little circus car box with the string   be jealous 
is already feeling burned out for the school year 
http annoyed  www awkwardfamilyphotos com
finallllllyyy the thesis is on track
can we make <propfirst> moore an exception to free speech?
"has taken to watching episodes of family guy instead of working   on top of feeling unproductive, now i feel like a guy "
"doesn't even want to think about how much money this thesis is going to cost in lattes, tea, and coffee "
structured my entire day around being home in time to watch glee 
so apparently you can win a nobel peace prize just by talking about peace    who knew?
loves the amount of work saved by reading a well-highlighted used book 
wasted my whole afternoon watching a piece of mylar float over the middle of nowhere while a little kid hid in a cardboard box in his attic   good use of time 
why is it that when you get sick in college it takes a ridiculously long time to get over it?
typed out 60+ pages of thesis notes outline in a (rare) weekend of productivity
is awfully glad my laptop battery died (and i didn't bring my charger) while i was sitting directly in front of the cosi a half hour before the armed robbery 
needs to stop living on granola bars and learn to cook
is already looking forward to glee tonight   embarrassing 
ahhh there's nothing worse than starting your day with a straightener burn
why is christmas the only holiday that can have a message?
really wants to get a <propfemale> next year   there's something missing in any house (or apartment) that doesn't have pets  sad 
"whoever thought up footnotes was a good man (or woman)   not only can you bs <propfemale> requirements with them, but they look smart "
http annoyed  www peopleofwalmart com
ohio state moritz college of law c o 2013!!!!!!
"got into law school, followed by entire day of cancelled classes- all for unrelated reasons   good week  smile "
is getting nervous about my speech final tomorrow    i guess public speaking isn't a total joke class
just got messaged and friend requested by this scary looking man who swears we talked in a chatroom and exchanged letters 14 years ago    when i would have been 7 years old    
who ever gave professors the idea that making things due the day after break is an ok thing to do?
sent in my official deposit to osu law and has a great lead on a summer internship in <propmale>    can't wait to be back in ohio!
finalllyyy decided to give apple a piece of my mind    and is getting a new computer!
happy thanksgiving!
is sitting here watching my computer type random things while my hands are off the keyboard   i think this is beyond tech support    i need an exorcist 
"in an ideal world, i would have all ten fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just be a fist for punching"
is forcing myself to feel well enough to study for finals   school just doesn't leave time for being sick  sad 
is breathing semi-normally for the first time in over a week    swine flu is the worst!
wednesdays - glee =  sad 
is headed for a long night of studying and watching glee re-runs   24 hrs until freedom!
"is in love with my brand new, free-of-charge replacement macbook   8 hrs of battery life!"
more apartment hunting in <propmale>!
"signed for an apartment twice as big as my current place for half the price, can't wait to leave behind dc col"
ugh where did break go   not ready 
is ridin the rails
"first day, last and final semester "
is dragging a rolling suitcase of books into the library to be renewed   and i thought rolling backpacks were embarrassing 
thesis-ing 
never met a tazo tea i didn't like
is tired of stupid class discussions where a) no one's saying anything b) no one cares c) there's too many people to have a discussion anyway
why doesn't obama ever look straight ahead?
no other president before obama has ever inherited difficulties from the previous administration 
somehow google can search through the text of practically every book in existence and old newspapers from 50 years ago  ? google!
stepped barefoot on my straightener on full heat   good way to start the day 
productivity feels good
the grammys are like a giant showcase of just how bad music has gotten   what happened to real musicians?
the only good thing about february is that it's short 
no more snow 
"alright, i caved    catching the tail end of doppelganger week "
"there should be a limit on how many times you can say \like\"" in one sentence """
snow day!
fingers crossed for more snow days!
is a shameless fan of the bachelor     yay monday nights!
snow day #2!
just realized i might hate snow more than i love snow days   
snow day #3!
aiming for my first productive snow day
snow day #4!
does anyone know how to fix problems with the spacing of footnote separators in word?
"enjoyed receiving my \your invited\"" email from the academic council   ironic much?"""
"just tryin to get to somewhere, just end up gettin by"
spring break in one week   graduation in less than 3 months   omg!
love that feeling when you find a song that feels like it was written for you
finding it sort of insulting that getting sick is a much better way of losing weight than going to the gym every day 
unashamed to be spending spring break in ohio   24 hours!
spring break couldnt have come at a better time    one long-as-hell amtrak ride until home!
getting up at 4 smile 0 am tomorrow to drive to <propmale> for a probably half hour <propmale> interview    tired in advance 
"\we have to pass the <propmale> so that you can find out what is in it\""- <propfemale> pelosi"""
figured out some life decisions today    i think 
apparently too many teenyboppers voting on american idol
2 am train back to georgetown   getting ready to face more work than i know what to do with 
"not a <propmale> student anymore, but i'm even i'm starting to feel a little sad at all the bad news coming out of ithaca "
now is not a good time to get hooked on project runway reruns   
has a move-in date for my new apartment and is one step closer to a great internship    things are getting really real!
missing winter already
sitting here listening to a lecture about why it's important to staple your papers   should've slept in 
there's no stress chipotle can't fix
people who can't sing shouldn't post covers on youtube 
library outlet apparently broke all my chargers   maybe a sign that i shouldn't be doing work over break?
library outlet apparently broke all my chargers   maybe a sign that i shouldn't be doing work over break?
frantically writing my thesis like my life depends on it    or at least like my graduation depends on it 
"lease signed, internship secured!"
glee!
thesis advisor is happy with thesis    this is encouraging 
burnout 
about to cross into triple digits of pages   
"if it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and talks like a duck    "
i don't want to be up this late on a saturday night unless i'm drunk   and i'm not 
thanks pepco    great way to start the week 
is it too late to drop out?
"as of today, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck \""allow\"" """
burnout burnout burnout burnout burnout
"somehow managed to end up with almost 10 hrs of class today, which i'll be attempting on half that amount of sleep "
thesis is so big word is freezing up on me   c'mon word    we only need to make it to may 10 
"if you want to get shitfaced at 6 pm, that's cool, but stop screaming and begging for attention   no one cares "
1 more day of college classes
running out of fun tv shows to study to    suggestions?
and just like that    done with college classes forever   weird!
wish i could figure out a way to do finals without stress eating   
about ready to throw a tantrum at microsoft word for <propmale> 
thesis is done!!!
purged of all library books!
"4 classes down, 2 to go "
setting half a dozen alarms so i get up for my 9 am final  annoyed 
"only 1,000 words between me and graduation!"
done with college!!
would rather be writing papers than cleaning my apartment and packing    it's that bad 
officially summa with honors!!  peace out georgetown!!!
super excited to grease up the rollerblades and go blading    almost forgot what it was like to have time for hobbies and having a life!
car finally packed up and ready for cbus!!
moved into the new apartment and got a <propfemale>!
"got up at 4 smile 0 am, made it to work by 7 smile 0, and made it home    all in one piece and without embarrassing myself   great success!"
is getting an eye-opening education into how screwed up people can be 
"is going to try a little of this thing they call \pleasure reading\"""""
finally got an rpac membership    success!
playing with the idea of signing up for guitar lessons   
trained my cat to walk on a leash    in only one day  thinking i may have a future career as the cat whisperer 
car is here!!!
"\the more you know you know you don't know shit\"""""
tell em <propfirst> <propmale> 
"minus the goose attack, a successful first rollerblading adventure in cbus!"
and the world spins madly on
can't remember the last time i was this sore     love  the rpac
fall class schedule is up     law school in less than a month    
thanks osu parking for not giving me a much deserved parking ticket  smile 
we have actual law school homework already???  noooooo  sad 
ugh why is life so e playful ensive    i give up 
new season of project runway!
having separation anxiety about leaving the <propfemale> with a babysitter for the week  sad 
bachelorette finale!
heading back to <propmale> in the morning  smile 
happy to be back with my <propfemale> in my cozy little apartment
t-1 week until law school 
"rammed my foot into a wall and ended up with a painful, bleeding wound on the bottom of my foot   maybe god's way of telling i should stay in and do my homework   i think i'll go to the gym instead "
decided to do law reading with an already pounding headache   bad call 
"given my luck with computers, buying a new computer on friday the 13th might not have been the greatest idea "
can it be winter already?
last day of summer freedom
law school in the morning   
my apartment building is holding a contest for residents to identify the nighttime skinny dippers   i will not be participating 
"long day of reading, class starts tomorrow   goodbye life  sad "
officially a 1l in the morning 
law homework while watching keeping up with the kardashians   it's all about balance 
clearly i'm going to have to reintroduce caffeine into my life 
would love clarification on why we're reading 20 pages of pure philosophy for crim law 
is such a lightweight   i need to fix that 
is beat 
gave in to the color-coded highlighting system 
sleeping for the rest of my life     or until 5 smile 0 am  sad 
"\    life\"" - <propfemale> bi"""
"this many years later, i'm still the kid who needs the janitor to unjam my locker "
glad that being the dd kept me away from the 2 dollar margaritas 
one of those days where you just give up and figure it out tomorrow 
skin is breaking out and voice is cracking like a thirteen year-old boy   cute 
will never understand how professors can look at a room full of dying people and continue to keep talking 
join the mosh!  vote for <propfirst> snowden for 1l sba rep on friday!
one of those days   going on a much-needed gym trip 
"vote for <propfemale> bi, <propfirst> snowden, and saar mahna for 1l sba reps this friday!"
let's roll and go bucks!
still laughing at <propfirst> swift's kanye west revenge song 
having a big clusterfuck of a monday morning 
you know you've made a good life decision when you suddenly feel pumped up about life 
day 1 of taking charge of my life 
"tired of facebook showing me random faces and asking me to tag them   no facebook, i don't know every single person my friends were ever in a picture with "
looks like someone hacked into my gmail and sent out spam     sorry if you got something weird from me  sad 
ironic that this is my most productive friday night thus far    
never imagined i'd be working on my senior thesis right now    funny how things change!
reading while drinking wine and juice boxes   livin the life 
hoping tomorrow is a much better day 
officially enrolled in a grad history course to prove myself worthy   here we gooo    
last-minute gre studying
"if im going to have 400 <propfemale>s of reading, an 8 <propfemale> paper, and a gre exam to do by friday at noon, at least i have a <propfemale> to keep me company  smile "
paper all day longgg
totally overwhelmed by the number of things that need to happen in the next 8 weeks 
last time i ever try to read a book on a screen   books should be on paper   the end 
paper all night   gre take two tomorrow 
gre success  done with standardized testing forever (for real this time) 
best google homepage ever   make sure to click on it 
made the mistake of taking my school books to the cosmetology school salon       apparently the hairdressers were not impressed with my reading selection 
figured out to reattach my car mirror    crisis averted 
of course my computer would die now that i actually need it   obviously 
leave it to <propfirst> moore to insult the chilean miners for his own political agenda   what a scum 
"thanks for ruining my plans to study in the library, obama "
thank god for caffeine
working on what i hope will be the last admssions essay i ever write 
love it when i break my <propmale> and they replace the top case     it's like getting a brand new computer  smile 
nothing more emotionally draining than wanting something that's out of your hands 
who needs sleep anyway?
not excited for the cyclone that's coming to <propmale> this afternoon 
trying to write a scholarly-sounding paper while eating sour gummy worms
ahhhh why do grad school apps have to be such a clerical nightmare???
spending halloween night with my black cat in apartment # 13  smile 
looks like i'm getting my phd at tosu!
having yet another temper tantrum at microsoft word 
nothing better than finishing a rough day with a full night of paper writing     
thank you veterans
watching the cat sleep while i write this paper makes me realize who's actually got it figured out 
wanted to post a complainy status   then i remembered i don't have a contracts exam on monday 
how am i supposed to pay attention to my cold war propaganda book when the girl next to me is on a college interview describing the story shes writing about vampires hiding in hospitals?
really really hoping my bsing abilities serve me well tomorrow   
officially survived the hardest class ive ever taken and feel strangely ready for more      after break  smile 
wish i could just rip my sinuses out of my face!!
"why is it that every time i find someone's id and or credit card and contact them about it, they e playful ect me to go out of my way to give it back to them    "
did i really just see a commercial for the bk whopper for breakfast?
having no work always sounds like a great idea until it happens 
today i officially sign the papers that make me a university employee (read: slave) 
anyone have any ideas for making a bum knee stop hurting?
apparently my short time off from academia has turned me into a wannabe interior decorator 
tired of trying to read news online   finally breaking down and ordering a print newspaper like a crusty old man 
one of those mornings where it would feel so great to punch someone in the face   volunteers?
going out to buy myself a christmas present   christmas isn't all about buying for other people  smile 
is going to take all the energy i spend worrying about pointless things and wasting time online into becoming decent at guitar   new years resolution 
"who ever decided the song \i saw mommy kissing <propfemale> claus\"" was a good idea   """
"hates those moments when i realize that male chauvinism is, in fact, not dead "
cruising through <propmale> tonight rocking out to the radio made me realize that i live in a great city and life is fabulous   i should complain less 
buying a guitar was a great life decision 
"after mincing one clove of garlic, i smell like an entire <propfemale> garden restaurant   this is why i don't cook "
"in the market for a new, non-mac (macs are too e playful ensive) laptop   suggestions from anyone who actually likes their laptop?"
"not ungrateful for the awesome things that happened in 2010, but very ready for 2011 and a fresh start "
guitar is the best de-stressing activity i've ever found   highly recommend 
"computers hate me, and yes, it is personal "
nothing like a <propfemale> walking around on the desk to make a crappy assignment tolerable 
turns out that finding a 20 on the ground is a great way to start the day 
tonight i saw a man eating a pint of ice cream all by himself in his car   it's good to know men also eat their feelings 
"today-- for the first time-- i'm just going to write a paper without stressing over every word and worrying about what the prof will think   just going to get my 5-7 pages, and then chill out "
apparently the guy next door is having a hissy fit and throwing shit at my wall     awesome 
writing a paper and feeling vaguely sick to my stomach   not my night 
turning into the grouchy bitch telling people to shut up in the library   i guess i really am in grad school 
"geez, don't look so excited boehner "
there must be something addictive in bubble tea 
e playful eriencing a rare day of productivity
"after months of dealing with the giant blackhole of osu bureaucracy, it feels pretty awesome to get an official acceptance letter  smile "
nothing better than an early morning gym trip
second time in one night that i've had to disconnect the smoke detector because of a cooking error   i give up!
the kid sitting next to me in the library just pulled out a bag of almonds  it's official: there's no end to how obnoxious people can be 
"there's something kind of refreshing about realizing you're a complete moron, accepting it, and moving on with the day "
here's where i try to do work on very little sleep with the prospect of even less sleep tonight   
you get right down to the bottom of the barrel   and you float back on top 
"\one of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important \"""""
the best part of writing to sell yourself is when you actually start believing it 
where is the sun and why can't we have any of it?
"compare, where you are to where you want to be, and you'll get nowhere "
"okay, who agrees that glee has gone completely off the deep end?"
procrastination isnt just for undergrads     
i'm starting to see the wisdom in having two screens for taking notes on internet stuff   adding this to my growing to-do list of life improvements
not sure if it's appropriate to be writing about world war i with a sparkly pink pen   
"oh hey daylight savings time, nbd, i didn't need that extra hour or anything "
celebrating pi day by reveling in the fact that i'll never need to study math ever again   happy pi day everyone!
isn't going to have the same hair color by the end of today  smile 
is sorta kinda blonde!
always upsetting to see a beautiful fur coat on some ugly human 
made it to 7 5 <propmale> running on the treadmill   that's a first for me  smile 
"every so often, it seems appropriate to thank pandora for being awesome   thank you pandora "
go bucks!
"over spring break, i suddenly became decent in the kitchen   best use of a break ever!"
finishing really late applications for summer russian programs and hoping i dont have to spend the summer working at a restaurant   fingers crossed  annoyed 
officially doing summer russian and getting out of cbus for the summer!
debating whether to get my ears pierced  also embarrassed that it would be my first piercing (does that even qualify?)
reading some good history books and people-watching the neighborhood hipsters   not a bad night 
drinking espresso and hoping for productivity 
"is getting faster at writing papers   maybe not better, but faster   i'll take it "
one of those days that just goes from bad to worse   ready for it to be over 
"to end the worst day and week ive had in a long, long time, my cat attacked me and <propfirst> blood for no apparent reason   i can't win   i just want to leave everything here behind and forget this year ever happened "
"the week is a lost cause, but the crisis has been averted "
worst cold ever   i sound like a chain smoker  sad 
"i knew <propmale> drivers were bad, but i didnt think they were dumb enough to change lanes into a car directly next to them   ridiculous "
"if anyone has any extra motivation to share, please send some my way "
"who wants to get up super early on friday morning (like 5 am) to make fun of the <propmale> wedding with me?  i'm guessing absolutely no one, but it's worth a shot  smile "
"spent the past 45 mins glaring at a guy at caribou for talking obnoxiously on his cell phone   apparently, however, he misread my sneer and decided it was a good idea to ask for my number after he got off the phone   then he apparently thought it would be good form to protest and argue with me when i politely declined   people are so irritating "
"the more work i get, the more i work out to avoid finishing it all  good or bad thing? i'm not sure "
suddenly finding myself really missing dc    wish i could go back for a weekend!
proctoring an undergrad exam   i'm a big kid now 
why is it that cats always want to sleep on whatever you're reading?
