6095802d3b99c0d39170eb0c887e1066
is over it  ?_?
has been going through journals and drawings from high school and prior  slightly horrified by it all 
is trying really hard to keep the smile from slipping 
salutes the <propmale> of pop 
was stopped by the cops and accused of looking like an under-aged boy  joy 
is going to mingle with the ghosts of black <propfemale> canyon  again 
loves black <propfemale> canyon  truly 
is anxious about moving again 
saw hbp  snape is gold   love 
no longer has a cellphone  courtesy of la mia madre di perdoni  >\\
tries 
found a marble  hordes it well 
"met two bums named <propfirst> and <propfirst> at the beach   learned what it's like to be 20 and homeless and traveling, the danger and excitement in the pursuit of freedom  also heard stories about the rainbow gatherings and discussed the brain in rem state (yay ps"
has gone crazy 
has one week left at the batcave  move-out is next weekend 
will miss it 
has acquired a driver's permit! hurray!
went to the <propmale> and saw fire on the mountains  came home and saw fire on the <propmale> 
keeps trying 
"has been watching the dog whisperer all day  can now effectively utilize the \tch\"" command and the sideways-kick maneuver """
needs help 
"drove a lot, built a fortress in the sand, and acquired a feline guide in <propfemale> "
is happy   smile 
was chased home by a skunk 
broke again 
would like to stop being tired some day 
visited dr  acula 
"-- a little sad, a little happy  playing in the rain to forget "
"played spider tracker with big brother! found nine widows within five minutes, and creeped jas out severely  now on opposum watch with the dog  x]"
has too much to worry about 
"is playing the keyboard, with bosco singing along   love  my dog "
"shouldn't watch the news  learned about the planned destruction of a national park for a garbage dump, and about an acid-wielding rapist on the loose "
-- coolest thing i've heard all week: we're not paying you enough 
"just completed a three-day download of pokemon, the first season! -giddy -"
ninja'd onto the roof for no particular reason   laugh  required a ladder to get back down 
"is anxious and sore, and listening to children at greenwood shriek \merry christmas\"" as if the everyone three blocks around has gone deaf """
saw avatar in 3d! technological brilliance 
: space camel  that is all 
is 
has a baby dragon! will know if it's a boy or a girl in a few weeks  having trouble deciding on a name -- any suggestions?
"is back from az! gambled successfully, made friends with a bulgarian limo driver, pet stingrays and almost got a tan~"
"-- after some consideration, i have decided    this mess calls for captain planet "
has returned from camping! already missing the great outdoors   smile 
"-- feel like i've been on vacation for a week, yet was never far from home  much fun   smile "
has been consumed by mass effect 
"returned from another weekend of camping! hurray for campfires, nighttime fishing and heat exhaustion!"
"saved the galaxy! must do it again, because the galaxy is too dumb to care for itself!  love  mass effect 2"
saved the galaxy again! third's the charm 
officially survived the hottest day in the history of los <propfemale>! record breaking 113~
"is tired and sore, and hoping for a thunderstorm  shake up the sky "
voted!
"had a happy thanksgiving  saved a turkey -- ate a cow, caught up with family, and spoke to some of my favorite people   love  happy turkey [cheeseburger] day "
"officially owns mass effect 2, bioshock and soul calibur iv! yay!"
"impatiens, poppy, snapdragon and gladiolus seeds! going to make the backyard colorful   laugh "
a brief history of time came in the mail today! with a random person's boarding pass from british airways inside  >>
"minecraft megastructure, hours of tedious labor and more gold than i've ever had, have been eaten by my laptop overheating     ¯\\(º??) ¯ tsssss~"
