62d73a4dc1b25c84742fa1285447e094
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!
dwan is going to iraq!  sad  i hate to tell everyone like this but i don't get to talk to alot of you very often 
i am bored out of my mind at work     thirty minutes to go!
dwan left 3 weeks early  please keep him in your thoughts or prayers  whatever your thing is 
whooo!!! coogs win! that game was awesome! i'm ready for an undefeated season!
"i am sleepy and going to bed  in case any of the rest of the college kids did not realize (cause i didn't- until my bro rubbed it in my face), tomorrow is <propmale> day  we have to go to school and everyone else gets off  i miss those random holidays!"
i should be writing a paper   
why must facebook fuel my procrastination?
i ate far too much mcallister's    it was so good i just kept stuffing my face    now my stomach is paying the price
<propmale> mid term tomorrow    hope i do well!
i have been assisting in the hatching of chicks (or hatch lings) all morning  it is a little nerve wracking to be responsible for new-borns 
i am quite annoyed   and contemplating if i should keep it all in or e playful lode!!!
chillin with <propfemale>   
"had fun seeing <propfirst> last night! and the opera was ok too, except for the creepy guy!"
"if you dont like the new facebook, here is how you can change it back to the old  on the left column, at the bottom, click edit(or more)  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  however new pics and business pages won't be shown  you can change between the old and new way though "
i am so bored   i should really go to sleep   
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1  crazy 2  i'd marry you 3  talkative 4  sarcastic 5  bangable 6  clubhead 7  moody 8  dumb 9  spoiled 10  mouthy 11  random 12  hot 13  funny 14  fit 15  amazing 16  tough 17  cute 18  bf gf material 19  player 20  the best 21  freak 22  qu      iet 23  sexy 24  adorable 25  annoying 26  rude 27  boring 28  down to earth 29  cool 30  a friend
so i just tried social interview for the first time and i have to say it is pretty fun!
how did we lose? ahh! i am so upset  ucf 37 <propmale> 32       really?
dwan left for kuwait at 11pm on dec  2nd  please keep him in your thoughts 
just worked out for the first time in months  i am feeling great!
going to kona grill with <propfemale> and <propfirst> for happy hour!
i am really groggy  nobody should have to get up at 6 in the morning 
i feel like daaannncing woo! daaannncing woo! dance the night away 
let the sun beat down upon my face with stars to fill my dream
"those baked and not fried goldfish   the wholesome snack that smiles back until you bite their heads off    did you know they're made with real cheese, even though they look like fishies     the snack that smiles back   goldfish!      eating goldfish and got that stuck in my head    yummy"
does anyone know how to get ahold of <propfirst> presley? or even remember him?
i am so dreading spring semester!
black with sequins
hungry    waiting for subway    mmm
rolling out of bed at 2pm   
eating kashi cinnamon harvest and waiting for the maintenance guy to fix my drainage problem  where is he???!!!!!!!
eating greasy nachos and successfully typing with just my pinkys    
"if anyone wants to send dwan free calling cards while he is in baghdad, there is a program called cell phones for soldiers that will send him calling cards (at no charge to us)  if you are interested send me a message or an email and i can provide you with the information "
"if anyone wants to send dwan free calling cards while he is in baghdad, there is a program called cell phones for soldiers that will send him calling cards (at no charge to us)  if you are interested send me a message or an email and i can provide you with the information "
"it's doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status or send it to your friends "
i baked cookies from scratch for the first time yesterday night  i started at 7pm and finished at 12am  umm    probably should not have baked sugar cookies that you have to roll out for my first baking e playful erience  i made them heart shaped and am sending them to dwan for <propfirst>'s day! i hope they make it enact to dwan in time!
what is up with facebook always changing stuff on me!
i'm sorry but it is too cold to go to to class!
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse or significant other  and make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this as your status  --dating for 2 years and four months and newly engaged!"
"is hungry, but i just ate  what is the deal here?"
ready for spring weather!
i normally go to the gym to run but i just went for a jog in my neighborhood for the first time and i am feeling pretty good!
just in case anyone is worried    <propfirst> is fine  he lives very close to where the plane crash happened and used to work next to the building that was crashed into  he hasn't been home yet but i am sure everything is fine the air just might be a bit smoky  he said he loves everyone too!
my baby's turning 22 tomorrow! i hope he enjoys his birthday as much as possible in baghdad 
watching friends and trying to will myself to stop and go to bed!
about to go to <propmale> to celebrate <propfirst>' birthday!
hanging with <propfemale>!
went to a manchester orchestra concert tonight and ready for bed!
just made apfelringe mit biertieg and it took me way longer then i e playful ected  so instead of doing <propmale> homework i cooked a <propmale> dessert lol 
excited to see <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d tonight!
la ti da
do a dear a female dear
"went shopping today on westheimer  i swear to you i tried on 40 dresses  it was absolutely ridiculous  i am not even a dress person, or i wasn't lol  i am beat! i bought five of them but i almost left with twice or three times that!"
happy st  daddy's day
last day of freedom!  sad 
needs to work on her review for her <propmale> midterm  goodbye facebook!
"mmmm milk and chocolate chip cookies, nicht sehr gesund, aber ist das mir egal, weil sie gut schmecken"
went to my cousins wedding tonight    tried to separate myself from the pack         but i caught the bouquet anyway! dwan and i are so perfect for each other!
ich trinke viel leckeres bier zur anderen hochzeit!
omg! i learned to ride a bike today at the park  it was fabulous!
so much to do so little time!!!!!!!
white rabbits and red-headed sluts tonight!
i keep getting checks in the mail from my obgyn  shouldn't it be the other way around?
"i woke up with no electricity in a pool of sweat  next time you electricians repair my braker, could you please let me know? thanks "
so i have my language for facebook set to <propmale>  i am learning a lot of new words!
i would pick being a jackass over being an elephant any day 
just got back from <propmale>'s  that was a nice confidence booster and a great workout  now i am chillin at home watching south park and anticipating dwan's return!!!!!!!!!!!!
dwan comes home july 18th!!!!!!! i am so ready!
saw the killers tonight with my brother  it was a pretty good movie  funny moments and romantic ones  then went out for ice cream  it was fun but man teenage boys are a little annoying  love ya <propfirst>!
"so i have an infected wisdom tooth, and i have the surgery this friday  i postponed it for a year, now i have to do it "
this whole not talking thing is driving me a little crazy!
dwan is leaving baghdad today! i am so excited! one step closer to being home with me  i can't believe we lived without eachother for so long  i miss you baby!
only one week left      i am so excited to have my life and love back again!!!!!!!!!!
so i was looking through some photos by <propfirst> stender and it looks as though he has photographed two girls i know <propfirst> kegley and <propfemale> <propmale>  i believe y'all share a mutual friend <propfemale> spears  i just thought that was really weird and shows what a small world this is!
dwan is finally home!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i have had a great first week back with dwan  we have gotten so much done, and i have cooked so many meals! i forgot how much i actually enjoy cooking (at least when it is for more than just myself)!"
i got some much needed sleep today after an awesome weekend camping and hiking    oh and climbing a freaking waterfall! it was beautiful!
"i came up with the brilliant idea to go bungee jumping the other day  the two closest places to go are in <propfirst> and south padre island, so dwan <propfirst> and i are headed down to south padre tomorrow for a mini vacation!"
went to yoga last night and man am i feeling the burn today!
yum   buffalo burgers with blue cheese and homemade fries  delicious!
i am so bored    i wish dwan <propfirst> would stop watching bleach    
heading down to <propmale> in a few hours    
i have had a pretty awful last week of freedom  i hope everything starts looking up!
"so everybody half of my keyboard is broken on my phone, so if i don't respond to your texts please email me, call me or get ahold of me on facebook  also i cannot always check my voicemail or call a number that's not already in my phone  hopefully i will get a new phone soon just an fyi for y'all "
mmm    juicy oranges are the best!
"<propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> metzger and <propfemale> marrow, what are y'all doing this weekend? are we all free?"
sigh   
whooooooooooo's hooooooouuusse?
bought a nikon d3000 today! i cannot wait to start using it 
"i am sure google was targeting people like me today (easily amused)  i am so amused by the graphic today i felt like sharing it with all of my friends! if you are interested go to google and play with dots  i keep forgetting they did this graphic every time i open google to search for something, and it makes me happier with each new search  you should check it out!"
yuck greasy burgers and fries       i am tired of eating crap    i need to eat healthy again       i blame you dwan <propfirst>!
i have a headache i am going to bed!
when my photography savvy friends get a <propmale> i would love for you to check out my 24 angles album!
i like it where i can find it!
i just finished my website  now after days of procrastinating i can start this stupid review!
so much to do today!
looking forward to halloween weekend!
i totally keep forgetting that my birthday is next week    too busy   
"<propfemale> metzger , <propfemale> marrow and <propfemale> <propmale> are y'all free saturday?"
"<propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> newman, <propfemale> schacht farrell, cillian <propmale>, <propfirst> farrell, <propfirst> farrell i would like for all of us to get together on friday for my birthday  we can go out to eat or just meet at mom's and play cards and stuff  i don't need anything i would just like to get everyone together, if y'all are available  do you have any suggestions? i wouldn't mind either option "
thank you to all the veterans!
on my way to san <propfirst> with dwan!
anyone in san <propfirst> tonight? dwan is going out with his army buddies and i have nothing to do!
so bored        
stop tempting me facebook    i am too busy to distract myself with you!
"i feel \normal\""     not liking it    """
i just had a brilliant idea! dwan <propfirst> shouldn't be a personal trainer; he should be a mime  then he would have an excuse for using only non-verbal cues to communicate  it would be the perfect job for him!
man i loved the magic school bus when i was little  i like this new profile picture thing  i am getting back a lot of great memories (of me watching a tv as a child) 
it's just a jump to the left    
your car is japanese  your beer is <propmale>  your wine is spanish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is colombian  your tea is chinese  your watch is swiss  your fashion is french  your shirt is indian  your shoes are italian  your radio is korean  your vodka is russian  and then you complain about your neighbor being an immigrant! pull yourself together! copy this if you are against racism 
studying for my <propmale> final   
"stop with the number crap, please!"
this weekend definitely did not turn out like i e playful ected it to   
a high of 82 on winter solstice? i think so! awesome!
last day working at the rec center   
is anyone trying to sell a car or know someone they trust who is?
"congratulations! you have survived the second round of cuts    30 \friends\"" down   """
ferrerro rocher und riesling aus mosel    yumm! es schmeckt mir gut!
ich habe hunger!!!!!
this early bedtime thing is not working for me! goodnight!
"had a super productive weekend! went to my sister's, <propmale> out and discussed wedding plans, <propmale> out with <propfemale> and <propfemale> and made dinner, went to bridal extravaganza with mom, <propfemale> and her mom, then out to eat, cleaned the apartment, and more! wow! i can do so much when dwan is out of town!"
"*leans in for a kiss, our lips meet, jumps back in shock (literally)* \me: \why does this keep happening to me? i just want to love you\"" \",62d73a4dc1b25c84742fa1285447e094,is sooo bored    dwan <propfirst> stop playing fallout!
tried to make lamb and risotto tonight     failed horribly    the rice was still hard and the lamb was a horrible fatty cut of meat    at least my classes went well!!!!
"i am ready to hit dwan <propfirst> with a snowball! let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
"this not having power thing is not going to work for me    i have two tests tomorrow, a press release and a <propmale> essay due    ugh"
just bought my wedding dress!
yes! i placed second in women's beginner for the anti-gravity climbing competition and i won the coloring contest! woot woot! does all of this good fortune mean i don't need to study tonight?
"cowboy stew, jalapeño cheese cornbread and rice i love you! yumm    full in less than nine minutes    amazing!"
getting sicker with each day    
where is the most beautiful place you have camped hiked in texas    i need to get out during spring break!
boohoo! no yoga today! i have to write a speech and finish my cinema paper  i hope i get it done! 1st step: stay off facebook!
loves days when i can enjoy the weather and lay on the hill next to the satellite     yes vitamin d!
does anyone have a tent a can borrow for a few days?
who has a tent i can steal for a couple days?
i love outdoor climbing! awesome weekend!
red delicious apple   
oh sun how i have missed you this week    thank you for finally returning and brightening my day!
i am now an organ donor! only 6 21% of residents in texas are donors  that's awful!
finished my <propmale> essay    ugh so tired! bed time!
