210e8da748adf0bc6c76992d2e7f9b22
im so happy right now that my sister is have a boy (and that i won the bet  laugh )
this was an ok easter  i made 8 dollars and im about to go to the track
omg today was a great day  no joke it tops in at 7  lol it was a great freaking day 
okok dodgers lose   crying    im not going to school tomorrow now so have fun without me  oohh and nice i'm sry fir cutting you off like that lol
i think i did really bad on the stat test today  ='(
lmao  i'm out running and i take alittle break and a <propfemale> lands on my back and i smack it and i get the sharpest pain under my shoulder blade   crying   that <propfemale> got me good
either god loves or in just lucky cus today was a great day at school  very lucky at 4th period too
hahahahahaha today was an epic day   key periods where 4 and 6  hahaha man  i was pissed off that my group lost password
im mad  i have a 3 17 gpa and i have a c in the easiest class i the world   well nothing i can do   so just get over it   dodgers are 1-2
"dam i just found a new song that i  love  its call  \haven't met you yet\"""""
you guys thinks it's a problem if i wait up with my back in pain?  why should i do?
wow i'm at work and i have nothing to do
wow one of my friends want to practice on me so i let him cut my hair   it came out bbbaaaddd
the movie kick-ass was great i highly recommend this movie  it was funny had slot of action and a very good story line   smile 
man i just can't get out of bed  i think it cus i don't want to show my haircut that my friend gave me
"hahaha i got to hit the kid with the nickle (the one that said \dodgers suck\"")  i saw him at wal-mark again  he started to cry but he didn't see me """
wow i cant believe that my group lost in password by one point in overtime too  wow this is unbelievable
omg im going to get out of bed just to take my cousin to the store  lol im so nice      love  i love today  love 
aaaaahhh i just finished taking a bath (the whole 5 yards)   love  omg it relaxed me so much  love   hope today is going be a good day 
anyone know any good beaches around here?  real question plz help me out
hahaha wow im at work and im getting a party some drinks and when i get there the little girl is crying  ='( (how sad)  she told me she wanted a lollipop   for the record i  love  lollipops  but i gave her my last one (it hurt me alot)
okok since there was alot of flakers that changed their minds about going to the beach tomorrow  im going to change up the plan   im going to pick up guys up at 7 and then we head out    i hate flakers
wow the beach was great  all the flakers missed   played some baseball and we made some stops on the way there  great day
wow i'm stressing out right now like crazy 
yeah going to the dodgers game!!!!  smile 
time for summer is also here and school is coming to an end   sad   i kind of dont want school to be over 
i feel like a jerk cus im working on mother's day but  love  i wish everyone to have a great mother's day!!!   love 
ok ok the dodgers are the best team in the whole world and i don't want any of you <propfemale> fans or yankees fans saying you are better cus in my mind we are the best 
i been thinking a lot about me and the military and i think im not going to join 
this is the first time in like 3 years that i get a summer off      so i really dont know what to do     lol
going to the dodgers game this friday (if i can get my day covered) lol
god dam the other day was too good!!!!     we have to play some more basketball      lol jack-in-the-box you guys know what im talking about!!  lol
hell yea!!!! <propmale> pains and burn notice tonight!!!
going to take a break from everything!!! bye  annoyed 
going to the beach tomorrow!!!!! man i  love  the beach!!! well who doesn't?
omg i was play tackle football and i got tackled by a 200+ pound friend(paul) at the beach and now my shoulder blade is kill me 
what to watch? lakers game or burn notice and <propmale> pains?  uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmm   annoyed 
mom just got out surgery   sad  hope she is doing ok
wow i almost cried when i saw my grades   annoyed  i guess im not going to see the light for a couple of weeks
well          im drawing on my wall anyone have any ideas?  the theme is the beach 
omg started to paint my wall and its going to come out great!!!
homedepot screwed me!!!! i got too much paint!!!!!  > sad 
ok im about to paint the waterfall or should take it out and put          idk  i need help
wow the teams i didnt want to win    won   i hate mexico and the lakers even more now         annoyed 
i dont know what to say but        i just saved a little white kitten's life! he was about to get ran over by this lady!!!
wow my phone just broke  sad 
wow what should i  get the new i phone or the evo?
im going to cancel my t mobile plan!!!  yea  smile 
"this song always make me want to learn how to play the paino\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh pvez78-kl4"
im about to bust a mission!!!
i lost everyone's phone number  sad                     
sonic!!!!!! i have to go there again soon!
hahahaha i was about to slap the shit out of someone at work today!!!! sry about my manners
waking up at 1pm and know that i just wasted a day
we have to do this again soon!!
omg never know that drawing a cloud was <propfemale> hard!!!
yes my glow in the dark paint just arrived!!!!!!!  smile 
haha every team i was going for     lost   sad      dodgers     mexico     england         annoyed 
last night at work someone lost their phone     he thought one of the busboys stoled it so we argued for like ten mins         then he found it in his car  annoyed 
what a beautiful day!!         too bad most people wasted it
ok im going to the mall tomorrow and then going to sonic who wants to come?
omg today night was great!!!!!!!!!! you better upload all the videos!!!!
if you cant fix something      then how can you make it better?
wow just woke up after a long night  annoyed  and my ears are still killing me and i cant hear a thing
i feel like a doctor lol
wow i been super busy for the last couple of days! but today is the world cup!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg i passed the calculus bc exam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-_- idk what to do right know
lost all my song  annoyed  (computer was action dumb)         anyone know any good songs?
its about time i get a hair cut  annoyed 
lol im keeping the football as memories of today!!! it was great day play football and b ball  playful 
"2011 schedule\1st avid-mel  smile ))\2nd gov-jens  laugh \3rd ap stat-yarbro  laugh dddddddddddddd\4th arch-lunt  sad \5th english-webber  sad \dont like it so far"
"hahahahaha i found this at work and didnt know what it meant lol \eff you see <propfemale>  own eff eff\"" do u know what it means?? ? ?"""
 annoyed  2 days left and im having mixed feelings about it
hahahaha what a great way to end the summer
wow everyone wakes up late!!!  annoyed 
wow i had a weird dream!!!!   d:
wow everyone i know is in a relationship       i feel left out  annoyed 
yes got a car for the week until i get my back  laugh 
i guess everyone hate me cus i bus almost everyday when im at work now lol
"\sex on fire\"" is a great song  laugh """
nnnnooooo im the secretary of ap stats  annoyed 
hahaha no school friday!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh dd
nnnnnooooo burn notice and <propmale> pains  crying 
i love my team but i know we have no <propmale> of winning  crying            need to start looking for a new team for the year
nnnoooo i cant text  crying 
homecoming??!!!!!  annoyed 
omg i need a new cell phone!!!  annoyed 
 laugh 
hahahaha i dont care what anyone said let go braves!!!!!
i want to be a billionaire so **** bad               laugh 
yes spain lost and mexico won!!!!!!!!!
hahaha took a nap and now i feel like the whole day passed me by  smile 
hahaha i been having tooo much bad luck for tooo long  annoyed 
 annoyed  the fever kicked my ass!! put me in the hospital for 2 days            this sucks
hahaha mexican music is the best and nothing can beat it
nnooo im getting surgery  crying (((
"\i got the magic in me\""  laugh dddd lol"""
"wow i found my new show      to hell with glee, burn notice, <propmale> pains, house, and ncis              let's go \lone star\""!!!!!  laugh dddd"""
got my suit but dont know if i should wear a blazer or not??
great music and great dancing  laugh dd         homecoming!!!!!! lol
<propfirst> <propmale> thx man you sure know how to cheer me up  laugh 
<propfemale> <propfemale> manfredi and lahana kye hahah if you gurls werent in my group for english i would be so bored!!!!!!!!!!!! hahaha
hahahahaha <propmale> nuesa macaraig your a freaking pig at eat!!!!
hahaha today was a pretty good day  laugh d (after i got out of school lol)       great food and drinks and i got all of my work done so it been pretty good
dam waking up sick sucks!!! cant even talk right now  sad 
 sad  got 4 teeth removed it hurt like a bi*th
<propfirst> francom you made my weekend man  laugh  at the game store (you know what im taking about) and when we where chillly at your house
lets go great day but everyone keep hating on me cus i was wearing a tanktop
thank god that the 33 miners are out  smile 
"10-13-10 laugh 3 \10 13 10              33 miners where saved"
hahaha this rain needs to stop!!!!
hahaha  laugh ddd got a new puppy!!!!!!!!!!!
my favorite song saved me from getting a ticket from the cop today          smile 
wow senior year has been good to me but its going way to fast and it need to slow the f down in my mine!!!
who's down to go see happy potter tonight??
-_- this rain ruined my day
hahaha -_- almost crashed into traffic cus some freaking retard
i lost my phone  crying ((( and i cant fine it anymore
thanks giving was bad -_- but black friday is growing strong
wow in and out was good!!!!!!!  dont know why i hated it
time to write a 6 <propfemale> paper in one day  laugh dddd
i hate my english class and my stats class -_-
hahaha notebook checks  surprise 
im going to drop ap stats!!!  laugh dd
all night and day in the dam emergency room  annoyed 
ok <propfirst> lynch  we need to put an end to this      how about a draw           51 percent me and 49 u   playful pppppppp
hahaha my feet are killing me!!!  annoyed 
everyone in ap stats who thinks that final was hard???!!!!!
hahaha is it wrong to gamble on my sister's baby??
i feel so dam full had a <propmale>'s meatball sandwich and an in and out double double at the same time x x
good way to spend the day      shopping and watch movies with my family
rock climbing was super fun but it had to come to an end  crying       but it was funny afterward   laugh d
wow i need to wake up at 3 just to take my godfather to the airport and i got my car tooken  away from my -_-           what great gifts
wabi sabi!!!!!!
hahahaha what a great way to end a day with eating sushi!!
great day at the movies  laugh 
hahaha for the past 4 days i been going out to eat at a restaurant
ice skating hurts  playful p but it was fun over all with good people  laugh dd
hahahaha today was a good day but apparently wear tanktops is not ok
im drinking starbucks and i get pulled over -_-                dumb cop
hahahaha today i learned that my leg hurts like a bitch in the cold and that i shouldnt be running any time soon           
why does today have to come to an end??
living in dreams is good but when it becomes true its wonderful   love   playful pppp
='(
hahaha time to start another day and then friday!!!!  laugh dddd
senior ditch day next friday if u know what i mean
-_- cant recharge my phone anymore             
"truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for \ -<propmale> marley  \",210e laugh a748adf0bc6c76992d2e7f9b22,"''humans plaster on a fake face and never show their emotions; just trying to hide their problems so everyone around them don't worry but sooner or later it gives in and           \ hahaha so true"""
strawberries taste good  love 
mia x_x
"<propfirst> macias hahaha dont know what i would do without u\<propfirst> francom too many good times  laugh d \sekou <propfirst> your just too crazy \hahaha love you guys  smile "
uuummm cal poly or san bernardino???
the devil             gives me hope some times  annoyed 
<propfemale> <propmale> good time
where to go movies or rock climbing??  wink 
so tell me why i was falling asleep during 5th  laugh 
so lets go steelers!!!!  laugh 
"sssoooo i just learned that i cant charge my phone anymore  -_-\ annoyed  going to go crazy in a matter of minutes tomorrow"
"so much fun today ? ?\thank you stepho for the pirate show   laugh "
so how is life going?
