dfaa4c9e85a06cb643fbd9f68e03f3cb
thinks this weather sucks
my front lawn is now underwater   
is looking forward to this weekend
ripped up a basement today
finally saw stepbrothers
is bored
is gonna see <propmale> potter today  yay!
off to west <propfemale>  wooo  playful 
back from the mission trip! <propfemale> much fun!!!
spent a loooong day at six flags with family    ehh
something random   
is tired    but feelin good
got a car! woooo!  laugh 
school    not happy about that 
ohh boy   
can't wait til tommorow's over   
physics final tommorow shall be the death of me!!!
"passed all my finals, getting ready for trip to disney"
"hello darkness, my old friend, i've come to talk with you again, because a vision softly creeping, left its seeds while i was sleeping, and the vision that was planted in my brain, still remains, within the sound of silence"
ticheli fest = awesome
is tired   of everything!!!!
"ohh facebook, if i see another failure to connect to facebook chat at this time message, i think i may become upset with you "
root beer float for the win!  then attempt some homework   
busy busy busy   i'm not used to this   
1* in all four of my events at solo ensamble  woo!
r i p  vbm   
can't seem to avoid messing up the good things 
is going to try something    buckling down  (gulp)
blarg 
double blarg 
is in canada eh?
state    i wonder if i would have done better if i practiced   
ahh the talent show  went great and was tons-o-fun!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xshgypofcro enjoy
thinks women are impossibly complex
poop
 smile 
has been flocked!
"wonders how many \idea's\"" have you had today?"""
last day of high school <propfemale>!!!
it   is   done!!!
"what a day   birthdays and bonfires, saving the human race, making silly people cry  what a day "
hates waiting   
done waiting!  smile 
mine and <propmale>'s grad party today!!! come! we have tacoooss!!!
party was awesome  super epic long-time freestyle volleyball and tacos were definately the highlights  thanks to errybody who came!
new laptop is officially up and running!
shmummrmremummmm
"toy story 3 = awesome!  everybody should go see it  no, like right now  why are you still reading this? go!"
whoop!
i want to be a billionare   
"went to see <propfemale> was in concert with mi familia, it was pretty shweet   how cool would that be to travel around playing such iconic music?"
did anybody pass the ap stats test???
i have just discovered hulu! why have i been watching tv the hard way for so long???
had shark at hu hot tonight  shark!!! how cool is that? tasted like chicken   
"ohh music camp, what an awesome week!"
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world is probably one of the funniest movies i've seen in a looong time  e'rybody should go see it!  go!
this alchohol survey test is the stupidest thing i have had to do do yet for stinkin college 
lost his phone    stupid roller coaster
is officialy moved in!
football's got some dumb rules    (detroit vs chicago)
yeah packers! broke a couple eagles today 
why am i up?
"words, stuff, and all that jazz   "
 annoyed 
i hate google  it wrecked my youtube account <propfemale> hard with it's mandatory google acount crap  i hate it i hate it i hate it 
packer game = pathetic attempt at a performance   17 penalties      <propfemale> sad  why did they have to put on their worst game since 1987 against the freakin bears????????????????
bahahahahahhaha the packers last kickoff return was great!      sad    but    comical
raawr
has a bad midterm today  not going to be fun  blegh!
"is bored, and so i shall be silly"
go pack go!
old man fell down!!!!!!!  thank you <propfirst>!  smile 
grr
packers win!  whew
d2l can shove it 
uwm has a pet raccon  it lives in the sanburg tower area   awesome!
i like to smell my feet after i run   smile 
living with <propmale> donalds is like hearing all his status posts before he writes them   
is completely lost
"was bored, so decided to see how far back facebook remembers things, and has yet to find a limit    facebook is scary"
   
i wish bows was real    way more usefull than boss
time to craaaam!  annoyed 
"ohh boy, politics final, here i come    "
man everyone is going home and i'm stuck here till the 23rd  > annoyed 
is a total bonehead
cannot wait to go home  these final things suuuck!
thank you collins! go pack go!
so bored
"still waiting for the epic blizzard, just seems <propfemale> out   "
super bowl champs baby!!! go pack go!!!!!
"hi spanish class, i don't like you or the stupid assignments you make me do  go away please"
"well thanks north tower 7th floor, for having us all get some exercise at 2 smile 0    what a perfect time for some stair climbing "
"if you're ever bored, just watch a youtube vid with transcribe captions turned on, and enjoy!"
"heard birds today! is it weird that this makes me excited? think about it, when was the last time you heard birds chirping? not any time during the colder months "
i dare you to look menacing while drinking orange soda  can't do it!
milwaukee smells terrible when wet     like dead fish + wet dog
going back to k town for the weekend     anybody wanna do something?
"\sweet canadian mullet\"" ~ sobe bottlecap knowledge"""
"\sunday night dinners\"" ~ sobe wisdom"""
"homework for tonight: watch singing in the rain on a screen larger than the ones in most movie theaters  yeah, i think i can do that "
ohh dear
"the monkey's outta the bottle man, \pandora doesn't go into the box, he only comes out "
"\i'm not your daddy i'm your grandpa \"""""
just saw the situation make absolutely no sense on roast of <propfirst> trump
is lovin this spring break thing
hmm   
