db69533acc5ce3871a320978486da5b4
"tired, but worth it"
coca cola is like mouth sex
disco jesus can turn water into funk
feels like life is out to get me
trying to find somewhere to go
is looking for a place to stay
"i have too many things going on at once, help me please"
tired   yet cant sleep      damn you caffine!!!
"i'm a little teapot short and stout; here is my hande, here is my   other handle? shit, i'm a sugar bowl!"
i worked my butt off over the weekend and now im paying for it
i dont know what to do
trying to find a place to sleep
"got booted out of my friends car, have no where to go"
good morning to those who are having a good morning
well happy new year everyone
"how did we meet? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile  you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that, answer for me      i really do wanna know how many people remember"
you laugh because i'm different            i laugh cause i just farted!
there is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy  her heart 
"it's 11pm, do you know where your pants are?"
<propfirst> police: you!! out of the pool!
"happy birthday <propfemale> hillyard  i'm clean! i have new pics and vids from the weekend, i had a blast "
<propmale>
"kinda annoyed, i know why but i feel that i cant do anything about it"
hazaa for feet!
7 am and already annoyed
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and copy and paste what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
tired of the bickering
"1 brick, 4 horseshoe, 6 nail, and 1 board left till i finish my stable"
"just got the new layout, i may have to get used to it, but for the most part i think its pretty cool"
"getting kicked out, homeless, so no computer, or phone "
i need help! im being kicked out of where i am staying and with no place to stay
"hungry, tired, and scared"
yay im older!
feels like crap
is going to be gone for awhile
well im off
trying to relax a bit
"tired, kinda bored, and none of my friends to <propfemale> with"
"to bed, willbe on in the morning please keep contact with me here, cuz i wont be able to use a phone all the time anymore"
just chilling and wondering what to do all day
"stomach pains, probably too much ramen"
"my chest hurts, no clue whats wrong"
two days tilli start my job
starting work tomorrow
"i thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and your picture in a frame  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  copy and paste if you are missing a loved one that you have lost"
"new photos up from way back when, gotsta see em  joyful "
i lost the game
"leave me one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot   anything you remember  dont send a message, just leave a comment below this post  next, repost this in your status, and see how many people leave you a memory"
"on the hunt for a job, it would be so bad if it wasnt raining with <propfirst> force winds all day!"
"if you have a best friend who will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin, love you unconditionally, even with your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall and give a much needed dose of reality and a swift kick in the butt if necessary  post this as your status  he or she will know who they are!"
"looking for work, still nothing, getting irritated and rawr!"
happy easter everyone!
38 farmville requests since this morning omg!!!!! to many!
just waiting for the bus      damn its cold
feels like crap            i wanna go back to bed
werp iz da shit!
mcdonalds ftw
wondering how my life would have turned out if i didn't move up here
i might have a job soon working at mcminemins   wouldnt that be swell
"had a interesting drunk convo with a friend last night, it was actually very nice"
"there, it's plain to see that baby you're beautiful and there's nothing wrong with you it's me, i'm a freak but thanks for loving me, 'cause you're doing it perfectly"
"just had my interview,   hopefully i hear back"
"off to class, cya fb"
stupid bike makin me perspire
"eets a bunneh! ( )( ) (^,,~) (> <) (n  n)"
"( )( ) (^,,~) (> <) (n  n) bunneh?"
done with my interview  but there shoes are killing <propfemale> feet!
pwned!
is soaked    damn by polar weather
ouch hail
they are building a sonic in tigard woo
ok im pissed  i got denied employment because i had too much e playful erience  what bull shit
starting another week looking for work  ugh
crap for work getting annoyed!!!!
mondays suck horribly
is friends with a bri-ish girl
crap its raining!!!!!
"i want some food, but no moneys to get any :,("
yay! its the weekend  boo! nothing to do
little car sick  and very warm  ugh
"please put this on your status if you know, or are related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated bythe death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"was looking through some pics on my moms facebook    i've been gone too long, and i miss my family"
"cooked me some tenderlion wrapped in smoked bacon, some rice and veggies"
up late with nothing to do
3 smile 0am saturday morning hmmm  should i sleep?
love is found where it is shown
im so clever that sometimes i dont understand a single word of what im saying
(>^(>0 0 wink >  butt hugz!
just joined a video chat with 2 other people at http annoyed  tinychat com yonglestatewar web: http annoyed  tinychat com  fb: http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=140802830263
"just finished the cirque du freak series, kinda sad but im glad i finnally finished it"
want a job
thinking about someone
had an interesting convo on facebook
got a part time job  3 hours a week  cleaning
got another part time job at winco!
yay the <propfemale> festival is here
nice and <propfemale>  yay!
"1st day of work over, mah feet hurt!"
damn <propfemale> crocker
boo!!!
bored on a wednesday with nothing to do           i would like to in to the <propfemale> festival but i has a lack of money
<propfirst> bohy can go suck a chode!
"got a full time job,from 6 am to 2 pm m - f  gonna be soooo tired during the week "
is dozing off bbl
damn your threes to hell <propfemale>!!
had a fun weekend     now back home and to get up at 2 am   ugh!!!
just got home  and im soaked
"is up at 3 am, feels kinda sick    "
"after work i got home and passed the hell out, just got up about an hour ago"
well here goes day two      ugh
"well i threw up at work today, the paint i have to use has this solvent in it that stinks to high heaven    "
"off to bed, night everyone"
taking a short nap  smile 
"listening to alive (nightmare) - \kid cudi\"""""
just realized the work is making my boogers turn black
hmmm     well       got hit by a car today     
im thinking that i might make me something to eat    
got a new phone      503 268 2485       call of some time
on break    so tired and hot
2 am   and tired as hell
its nice out with nothing to do
"couldn't sleep at all last night, pulled an all nighter, had a pot of coffie, now its 5 in the morning and i have to be at work in an hour    "
"couldn't sleep at all last night, pulled an all nighter, had a pot of coffie, now its 5 in the morning and i have to be at work in an hour         today is gonna suck immensly "
"tired, hungry, and dirty      sounds like a monday"
is sick
i lost the game
night fb
lunch woo hoo
ack! tis raining!
has a long day tomorrow
i will be in the medford area for the weekend     anyone down there  here is your <propmale> to see me before i leave
"dinosaurs were lies, fed to us to cover up the existance of pokemon"
new phone   503 268 2485
on the greyhound bus and will be in medford at 12 30 am
bored  ppl text me! 503 268 2485
in salem now
made one flaw      i forgot to charge my phone before leaving     ack!
ok facebook is killing my phone faster  text me if ya wanna talk  503 268 2485
already in <propfirst>        blah
in salem now  next stop portland
"called into work,  got home at almost 1 am then to get up at 4 am   yeah not enough sleep while running heavy machines       yeah i don't think thats a good idea"
"im tired, have a headache, a bit hungry, and i missed work today \\i started thinking about having a place of my own, and then started thinking about all the things i could have been doing before instead of screwing around  hopefully i dont lose this job and things keep going good like they have been "
"\your skin is pale white and ice cold    i know what you are \"" \""say it  out loud \"" \""   polar bear \"""""
ugh bored  text me   503 268 2485
"eating pizza and macoroni salad, then off to bed"
had a five hour energy shot  damn am i hyper
woo hoo  payday!
sweet jesus its hot
i think ill get my hair trimmed tomorrow
"well yay its saturday, got to sleep in, had time for coffie and breakfast, and woke up to a bloody nose  annoyed "
watching eclipse   smile 
"had fun today, went and saw a movie, then went to sharis  nice to get out"
has to get up at 3 am   ugh!
"off to bed gotta get up at 3 am rawr\\p s  sorry <propfemale>, i coudlnt get out there today bein sunday n all, the bus over here doesnt run  annoyed  grrr"
doesn't wanna be up this early > sad 
another day another dollar
"of teens and\middle-aged women would cry if they see <propfirst> pattinson (<propfirst> cullen\from twilight) standing on top of a skyscraper, about to jump  if\you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn and\screaming,\do a flip you sparkly *$^&%!\"" then copy and paste this\",db69533acc5ce3871a320978486da5b4,burgerville       nom ^^
off to bed and to get up for another ass kicking day of work tomorrow   night fb
hungrey with nothing to make
"alright im off to bed, its getting late, and yet again i have to get up at 4 for work   - -"
thinking i should stop by <propmale> later today
"me\ if you ever had a crush on me  like this if you think i'm a goodfriend \ inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment ifwe have\ had good memories together  let's see who's brave enough to copy   \ and paste to their own status!   ~for kicks and giggles "
"going to sleep real early,  falling asleep already and maybe i wont be so cranky in the morning"
yay  second break!  two more hours and i go home
"my dad got out today, i wonder where he is now"
in <propmale> and im wondering what to go do
good morning people   sorry about that last post
"well im going to have to be moving int he next month, but i havent been looking around for any place  also i would have to be fairly close to where i am already if i am to still get rides in the morning for work      sad "
"listening to - \ angel in disguise\"" pillar"""
not looking forward to work today    yesterday it kicked my ass
just lost the game  annoyed 
"one question, one <propmale>, one honest answer  you can ask me onequestion (to my inbox only)  any question, anything, no matter howcrazy, dirty or wrong it is  no catch  but i dare you to post this onyour status, and see what people ask you"
gots me an air mallet and i shall pween your face with said mallet
"well, monday is done and over with  tuesday, im going to kick your ass \\kinda feel like the days are flowing together, i dont do much anymore, recently been going down to <propmale> on the weekends, but other than that, nothing really        kinda sad"
its ten am  and lunch time already  smile 
day dreaming at work   smile 
if one day you feel like crying    call me  i don't promise that i will make you laugh but i can cry with you 
"ugh work has been taking it out of me every day this week, i have been working my butt off  they are trying to improve things so maybe it will get better soon "
"is feeling kinda lonley, i need someone to be there  v_v"
is watching some video with a cat massaging another cat  wow im bored
"thinking either ill head out to <propmale> tonight or tomorrow morning      hmmmm\\who wants to see me?  laugh "
"pissed off, for no apparent reason my roommate cost me a job"
"kinda bored    someone should text me   \503-268-2485\\before i go to bed ^_~"
feeling like im missing something in life
"post this as yourstatus and see what people rate you  smile  1  crazy | 2  \i'd marry you | 3 talkative | 4  sarcastic | 5  i miss you |6  club head\ | 7  moody | 8 dumb | 9  mouthy | 10  spoiled | 11  random | 12  hot | \13  funny | 14 fit | 15  amazing | 16  tough | 17  cute | 18  gf bf \      type |19    player | 20  i love you | 21  gorgeous | 22  the best |\  laugh "
well goodnight everyone   tomorow is friday woo
"i bet if i give all my love\\then nothings gonna tear us apart"
i dont wanna go to work     bleh
time to play me some dance dance revolution before heading to bed for another hot day at work
will be losing my phone for the next few days until i get paid on thursday
just got home from work    time for a nap
watching  breakfast club
at hometown buffet
i suddenly have a craving for a green apple jolly rancher
well i guess summer is officially over
that closet door in your bedroom leads to the gates of hell  don't go there 
"two good things to tell\\1) i am moving out!!!\\2) 1st time seeing a comma on my bank account  joyful "
ugh monday
just got fired today  im gonna fight it
"well i didnt get my job back, oh well, back to the job searching i guess v_v"
"o luck on a job, life is kinda boring lately  not doing a whole lot"
"well my phones out, guess this is my only way to talk to people now  sad "
"happy halloween, hope everyone having more fun than i am"
copy this to your status and see what your friends rate you   (1) ghetto (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) crazy (7) spoiled ( smile  trustworthy (9) wild (10) funny (11) beautiful (12) mature (13) athletic (14) i wish i had your number (15) honest (16) great friend (17) cute (1 smile  nice (19) reliable -be nice          
"still looking for work, so far nothing  not a while lot going on, alot of sleeping though  yeah   lifes kinda lame right now"
"5 years old: my mom is the best!  7 years old: mom i love you  10 years old: mom whatever    17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna leave this house   25 years old: i wanna go back to my moms house 50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom 70\years old: i would give    up everything for my mom to be here with me           \post this on your wall if you appreciate and love your mom"
"well its 7 am, i kind of annoyed my friend got two new jobs on top of the one he already has  and its from a place i have been to a ton! im almost ready to give up on looking for work and just being a lazy ass, seeing how looking for work is getting me nowhere "
cant sleep            
"well, thanksgivings here already, another years almost past by  \i just wish i could spend it with my family"
"happy thanksgiving, hope your spending it with your familys\\miss you guys   "
<propfemale> christmas!
hope everyone had a better christmas than i 
"sittin at home, playin the xbox, eatin foods, not much else  oh and using the toilet too"
thinking about family and how much i miss them
monday    with nothing to do     bleh
just surviving   
"not a whole lot going on so far, still looking for work, tho i did get my food stamps again  just getting by     "
"sorry facebook, its been awhile  sorry for leaving you all alone on the internet  not alot fo things have changed since though "
i got a new phone  woooo
food!
cant sleep and my ass is talking shit behind my back
just watched oceans twelve   awesome movie
"just woke up at 3 smile 0 am, and cant fall asleep again       grr"
