44ef2237edb16c36bd6def35acb675b5
had an amazing new years!!goodbye 2009 hello 2010!  smile 
loves being reunited with my brother that i havent seen in 7 months!!
wow wat a gorgeous day!  smile 
lovin summer  smile 
absolutely loved michigans adventure!!!
cannot believe the <propmale> of pop died today   sad  r i p  <propfirst> jackson  you wont be forgotten!!
hopefully today will be a better day than yesterday!!open houses tonight   
lookin at buyin a laptop   wat kind to buy though  hp? <propfemale>? toshiba? apple? too many choices!!!
is thinkin this is gonna be a great weekend!!
had an amazing weekend up north!!  smile 
is so excited for my road trip to colorado tomorrow!!  smile 
going to colorado today!!! be back in a week!!  smile 
absolutely loved colorado and is glad im back home!!
is relieved and really happy!!  smile 
loves her life!!  smile 
had a ton of fun at central today!
goin to coast guard!!
loves coloring ppls hair  smile  and is loving life!
trying to figure out who wrote on my car!!lol hmmmmm    
meteor shower tonight??i think so!!  smile 
had <propfemale> much fun mini golfing with <propfirst> today!!  smile 
<propfemale> rida and <propfirst> kingston were amazing!!!!  smile  goin up north   be back tomorrow sometime!
absolutely loves getting her nails done with friends!!  smile 
loved clubbin last night with the girls!!taphouse was amazing!!
is enjoying this last week of summer!!
is so ready to start a new chapter in my life  college!!
got 10 stitches in her finger!!stupid cutco knives!
loves getting out of both of my classes a half hour early!!
gvsu tonight!!  smile 
had sooo much fun at gvsu this weekend!!!
had a great weekend but it went by waaayyy too fast!!!
loving college loving life and loved going downtown to see the <propmale> prizes!!!
has had a crazy but fun weekend so far!!wedding reception tonight!  smile 
wow   today has been the most bizarre day ever!!
this week went by fast but im definitely ready for the weekend!!
go green!go white!wow what a great game!
absolutely loves life and is happy its the weekend!!
road trip with my <propfemale> frann this weekend!!cmu msu and maybe albion  wow its gonna be one crazy weekend   smile 
ready for the weekend!
no class tomorrow!!so excited!!
happy halloween everyone!!  smile  its gonna be one crazy night   
definitly ready to party this weekend!!
go state!!  smile 
plannin a trip to get outta here  i need to get away!!
saginaw valley this weekend!!  smile 
looking forward to this weekend for sure!
heading up to central!!  smile 
finally on break!!!  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!  smile 
had an awesome break  and is ready to hit the books and get this semester over with!!
is in love with the snow!  smile  and is ready to get my finals over with this week!
no government exam for me today  thank you blizzard!!!
officially done with this semester!!returned my books and got half my money back  awesome this is gonna be an amazing break!
"partying every night, clubbing at sixx, hanging out with old friends  wow i love christmas break!!!"
christmas eve!chillin with the family today  
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!  smile  hope it was a great one!
absolutely loves life!!
<propfemale> happy and relieved that its finally the weekend!!
is loving life!! haha wats new?
msu bound for the rest of the weekend!!!
wow wat a game  way to go state!!
going to msu and u of m this weekend!!wow its gonna be one crazy weekend!!
soooo glad its the weekend!!
loves loves loves having both of my classes canceled today!!!  smile 
msu for the night with my girls!!  smile 
had an amazing weekend!!happy valentines day aka single awareness day!!
loves life  and is realizing the everything happens for a reason 
had an amazing spring break  and is having a fabulous week so far!  smile 
wow  luck has definitly been on my side this whole week so far!! im lovin it   smile 
heading up to msu to visit the <propfemale> frann!!
thank you for the birthday wishes everyone!!!!  smile 
loves loves loves having class canceled  smile 
is officially done with her first year of college!! partying with my girls at gvsu tonight!!
there's nothing like waking up in the morning and eating taco <propfemale> for breakfast  smile 
finally landed an awesome summer job!!! life cannot get much better than this    smile 
loves life  smile 
phones broke  ugh wat a pain  getting a new one tomorrow though!!
chillin in detroit right now and absolutely loving life  smile 
loves life  smile 
absolutely loves being a spartan  smile  especially because of this past weekend best game ever!
i bleed green and white  sparty it up!!!
i love my family i love my friends i love my boyfriend i love being a spartan i love my life!!!
currently listening to christmas music  smile  and motivated to get this semester over with!!!
signed a lease today with the amazing <propfemale> russo!!! next year is going to be crazzzy!  smile 
had an amazing snow day!!!  laugh 
avenged sevenfold hollywood undead and stone sour concert with <propfemale> russo and christiaan schuyler krombeen tonight!!!!!
going ice skating tonight with some cool people  smile  what a great way to start off the weekend!!
random road trip to ortonville with <propmale> olney <propfirst> janas and <propmale> semivan tonight!!
hittin up chicago for a couple days!  smile 
thank you so so so much for all the wonderful birthday wishes everyone!! i really appreciate it  smile   its been an amazing bday!!  laugh dd
