febc9a1c7c7f60dd4254042d3152a756
i like my kindle 
<propfemale> is desperate for me to stalk her  i can tell 
"wherever your ass is, there's my foot "
i own <propmale> 
today i was diagnosed with swine flu  i also got a hefty scholarship  i think it evens out 
i have to say that swine flu has given me some rather remarkable fever dreams  it's really too bad i can't remember any of them 
i want november to get here  i want it more than christmas 
i should really be in bed 
my sleep schedule is a bit messed up 
i want chipolte 
is powered by chipotle 
i just cracked a coke can with one hand  who's the man?
i wonder what the odds are of a fully cooked and cracked lobster falling through the ceiling and onto my lap are 
i find myself wondering how i go to be the kind of person who goes around with a spoon in their pocket 
i'm excited to go to the nanowrimo write-in! november is awesome 
"first of all, beavers are awesome  secondly, i love nanowrimo; thirdly november first is the best day to have a birthday "
and in summation i am happy 
is over the hill 
twelve thousand words and it's only the beginning of day three  i'm feeling good about this 
how am i on <propfemale> thirty-five already?
weezer's new album is good  chewy gobstoppers good 
"30,000 words and i've only killed off two nameless characters  i need to fix that "
i can smell victory 
i just won nanowrimo  i shouldn't have to wear pants 
    and so mass distraction came to pass 
"my essay is done  it is a brilliant piece of nonfiction, if i do say so myself  now to  sleep "
i'm a supernatural fangirl  and i'm drinking amp  watch out world 
"i'm playing mw2 to the tune of \sweet caroline \"" i'm so tough """
woodstock's pizza is the best way to celebrate an osu victory 
"i woke up before noon today  of my own volition, too "
i'm thinking about letting my hair grow out   
see <propmale>? even <propmale> wants me to win 
i am a bit giggly  it will pass   
cranky again  at least that's in character for me 
not hungover! huzzah!
sad   
this weekend has been a bit of a blur    i don't want monday 
this must be what going mad feels like 
i just found a tick crawling on my pant leg    now i feel them everywhere 
one sure sign that you're distracted: forgetting to get excited over an a when you e playful ected to fail 
"those 300 <propmale> really dragged on, but i'm home safe!"
coffee!!!!
"what's for breakfast? blueberries, turkey and fudge! on another note, i miss my texting buddies "
"okay, i think it's safe to say that <propmale> owns my wall   "
my homework is going swimmingly  this concerns me slightly    but i shan't complain 
i've got a dog on my lap and coffee in my cup  it's good to be back in <propfemale> 
i'm so very excited for the weekend!
i have been tattooed! i'm a badass 
watching pushing daisies makes me want pie    very badly 
i'm drinking coffee and rooting for the saints!
i'm quite certain that nacho cheese sunflower seeds are a gift from god 
"new shoes, covered in sequins! what more could a girl want?"
"oh supernatural, you know just how to make me happy "
"alchemy is a beautiful thing  coincidentally, paper towels are not the best choice when attempting to clean up caramel "
mine is an evil laugh 
bubble wrap  it's the cure-all 
i'm becoming a crazy tree lady   
miracle whip is a godsend  i'm tellin' ya 
i really need a new computer  imac here i come? i wish 
"please, god, don't let the impala die!"
"i want you to plug in the microwave  yes, i know that there's a microwave in the other room and i still want you to plug this one in  why is this so hard?"
"i'm transferring to southern! i'm doing theatric jazz hands right now, if you couldn't tell "
will i never be rid of these flip flop tan lines?
my phone died  anyone who wants me to have their number should give it to me now so i can program it into the new one  thanks 
"o, mystery of life, i have found you!"
i think apathy is in the water 
everything looks better on a 27 inch imac 
i have to say that pirate radio is an excellent movie 
digitizing my dad's recipe book is considerably more problematic than e playful ected  i should have anticipated the lack of coherence and the terrible handwriting   
mmmm pickles 
this death rattle brought to you by: rock band!
i just made cookies with my mom; it's been a good day!
i need more true blood  right now 
"not my pants, not my problem "
i have one thing to say and that is: gaga 
have you got your flu shot yet?
kitties! we have two 
"apollo does not like his medicine, the poor <propfemale> "
cheddar!
"thank you everyone! my day has been great so far, and it's only going to get better "
ten thousand words already  not bad 
poor apollo <propfemale>  accidents seem to find him 
oh  there was a fork in there 
verdict: good  i'll come up with a better adjective later 
"nano, you were tricky this year; i was trickier "
7 smile 0 final  the world is such a beautiful place 
sixteen hours of sleep and feelin' good 
i like how rounding up the cats is a sting operation 
"watching the knife show after midnight is a thing of beauty  redneck, dangerous, drunken beauty "
rolled out of bed at one with a nearly perfect faux hawk  it's gonna be that sort of a day 
red wine and a drumstick: the most excellent late-night snack 
party for the pack!
who doesn't have tortilla chips? this chick 
i need moussaka and vodka 
artemis is currently the avatar of basement cat 
"oh, chacha users  you think you're clever "
i have a burrito problem 
"it's not fat, it's power!"
