72631ecc2f76aca9eddabd2ef7f054a8
"emotions are a peculier thing  how can someone be devastated, crushed, excited and elated all at once?"
im kind of tired of cooking every single meal every day of my life!
well i guess i'll go make something to eat!
"excuse me, but i have no idea what you just said "
contemplating moving back to manhat or nl  next summer   i love the schools  and i love the town but i  love this house    it's sooooo clean and new and close to my sister  hhhhmmmmmmm
there  do you feel better now?
i hate phony people!!!
is there any resemblance at all?
burst in and take over! way to go!
yeay  i get to spend time with my sister  i love her 
don't roll your eyes @ someone freakin out cuz they almost hit a deer  you just might hit one!
is going to the zoo 
"attention!!! i've been told that my <propfemale> might have been hacked by someone who was sending out perverted messages to people  it was not me  i have changed my password so i hope that fixes the problem  thats embarrasing! so sorry for any offence again, it "
is comtemplating running away   again   for good 
"i have a huose full of children! they keep coming out of the wood work!1,2,3,   4   5   6 6 of them  o well they trash it while i'm sleeepin, they're gonna clean it "
i just crashed through the gate in <propmale> estates  i wonder how much that is gonna cost 
i am so bored and broke  broke and bored  well at least i don't have credit card debt! i should be happy  i think i'll go to the park 
is plotting!!!
<propfirst> <propfirst> is here!!!! yeayy!!!!!
pray for the ups man who got shot in the back today  he is in christ hospital 
rrrrraaaaarrrrhhhh!
is cleaning and listening to <propmale>
watching the haunting  i havent seen a scary movie in years 
is bored  i need some intelligent conversasion 
im suposed to be on my way to manteno  why am i on facebook?
ok im leaving now   on my way to manteno   ok right    now
grillin again!
im so glad it's sunday! i get to spend time with my sister tonight!!!
grilled pork roast  hey im getting good at this!
i cant wait for the first snow!
i need help!!! i was on here a couple of nights ago and i came across someone who posted pics of my brother <propfirst>'s  bday party  <propfirst> fudge & <propfirst> curtain were there  does anyone know who has those pics?
"i need help!!! one of my friends(you) has a friend who posted pics of <propfirst> fudge, <propfirst> curtain, <propfirst> frederickson, rat, <propmale> o'brien and maybe <propfemale> carlson (she was there)  i need to find those pics again  they were of my brother scotts last b-day before he died  i should have coipied them when i first seen them rrrrrrrhhh!"
please don't be my buzz killa  im taking a welding class 
"just came back from lake of four seasons, indiana  stayed at cj & <propfemale>'s and had a good time  i want to move out there!"
i think i have a million things to do  do you think i'll get them all done today?
going to meet my sister for lunch  i love my sister 
is going to see pearljammmmm woo hoo <propmale> cj!!!!
<propfirst> rocked the house last night! i love him 
hopefully i'll get to on a road trip to <propfemale> in two weeks! woo hoo
i got a feelin'   a feelin' deep inside o yeah ooh yeah ooo yeah!!!
o great!!! i would like to prethank the govt  for raping our wages again   why dont they grt rid of the crooked polititions they can tart with mayor daley  he makes my blood boil  strogger to wtf? sorry <propfemale> we have save our money for taxes to buy yhe sour patch <propfemale> now 
has a bad sinus infection!!! ugh
i wish my class was more than one day a week 
how many times have you been around the sun?
had the most amazing weekend!!!
uuugh i forgot babies wake up in the middle of the night   this too shall pass
can'tseem to speak english today
"don't you know that she \bitched him to death\""? literally """
t g i m!!!!!
they need to stop fixin' fb  don't fix something that doesn't need fixin?
has no clue what she is doing
please shoot me      now
"can i just say i don\t know? i'm tired of questions """
i think i'm done with vampire wars  how does my blood get withdrawn from the bank? every time i try to play my blood is gone  maybe the bank isnt fdic approved 
"omg i'm gonna clean the bathroom, do the kitchen ,dining room liveingroom floors, then i'm gonna take a shower then i'm gonna take my sons bike in to get his brakes fixed   seriously who gives a crap! aren't you glad i shared? bet you just couldnt get through you day w out me posting that!"
"i just told <propfemale> we didn't have interent when i was a kid  she said \you didn't! how did you live!\"" hahahah"""
yeay monday  monday=alone also monday= silence    it is <propfemale> you know
<propfemale> is going to go do a commercial shoot tonight for prime time     stay tuned 
i'm learning about good carbs and bad carbs! yeay i have a problem with them
is loving this weather!!!
i had really weird dream   i fought and killed a wolf with my bear hands  then i new that the time was coming to fight the bull and i new i would be defeated   then i woke up  what does is mean!!!!?
bake cookies!!!? that's man's work!!! oh did i mention some of the words best chefs are men 
has anyone heard the song by thurl ravencroft schizophrenic baby? i've got to find it!!!
i need some oxytocin i wonder if there is a synthetic form so i can get my fix!
facebook=crack   i assume 
is wondering why i'm dizzy and nauseous and no i dont want any cheese with this whine 
yeay i found a firepit on craigslist so if this is the last time anyone hears from me you will know what happened!!!!lol
someone shoot me im being forced to watch the <propfemale> montana movie! hhheeelllllllllllllllp
ooo miey is adding some hip hop to the hoedown! awwright!!!     shoot me
"be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind "
maybe i'll turn the heat on for christmas    
needs to go to orland today   ugh
is wishing someone would cook for me    not in this lifetime    
is going to kill <propfirst> for volunteering me to babysit!!!! yep yep yep    gonna kill him    
desperately needs a haircut
is not feeling good  i want to stay home  must    fight     it!
hhhmmmmmmm    now that i've wasted my whole morning    
i promise i won't post any more videos    for awhile 
i can't stand superficial people  i don't know why i even try     ?????
i had to laugh when they found that kid in the attic! everyone watching that that balloon like he was in it!!! aye aye aye
do you confront the deacon's wife and mohawk chick for stabbing you with their dagger eyes? what to do ? what to do?
wow! it was so good to see everyone last night at daves celebration for life  he had alot of people who loved him and will miss him dearly  i miss the matthis family 
o darn! no school tomrrow! aaarrrrrggghhhhhhhhhh 
we are all such hypocrites!
i love my dogs!
still hates phony people!
my lil pookey man is feeling better  that means he can go back to school tomorrow 
<propmale> cracks me up  god i love that kid! all my kids are such a blessing! (i just hope the rest of them don't come home from school crabby)
clean the floor or play vampire wars?
getting my little minions ready so i can send them out for chocolate! and hopefully some pink starburst 
is leaving for for school     
wishing i could just loose all the weight i gained as easily as i gained it  why do you people gain weight when they stop smoking? to smoke or not to smoke? mmm not!
yeay!!! i'm back in comission baby!!!
the grass isn't greener on the other side  when you get over there you have the same view!
this is gonna be one busy weekend!!! ugh
what is it with hairstylists? do they learn one hair cut every few years and then cut everyones hair the same way no matter how you want it cut? wth? im gonna take a picture grow it back and keep it with me and say never cut my hair like this! evvvverrr!!!! yes i have this thing about hair  why didnt i go to <propfemale> or <propfemale>? im so mad
never say never! i'm taking a math class  yep 
woooo hoooo! i've got all the classes i wanted!!!! wooooo hooooo !
"proverbs 12:16 a fool shows his annoyance at once, but a prudent man overlooks an insult "
i miss my class already  sad 
"i should have named <propfemale> satan cuz is the devil! omg i'm kill her! she ate my collection of young folks shelf of books, the christmas tree, my spider plant      "
"wishing i had nothing to do tonight except making christmas cookies with my kids  i'm feeling it, but it ain't happenin' "
is really really really crabby       really!
dudes! i got an a in my class  ewh now the math class  scratch that   omg i'm actually pretty excited!
"i hope i get some socks  wool socks, thick ones, not the kind you get in a bag at walmart "
my baby is going to england thursday  i'm <propfemale> excited for her!
i have slept all afternoon  now i feel like crap 
my sissy is here!
these kids need to go back to school!
i made bisquits and gravy for dinner  they dooon't liiiike it! well then they can just go eat some dirt!
?(•???•?)? ?(-???-?)? ?(????•?)? ?(?????)?
"i don't believe in new years resolutions  if you are going to do something, do it now! there is no time like the present!"
isnt it funny how some people come across as arrogant condescending little cliqueish cheerleaders who flip their hair and roll thier eyes? they know who they are  those are the ones i'd like to pummel thier face  but that wouldn't be to christ like  i need help with this  it's very hard to ingore 
o god!!!! my daughter lost her dear friend in a car accident last night  my heart is broke     
happy new year!
hidy hey baby don't you wanna go sweet home chicago
"wonders where <propfemale> from nowy targ, poland is???????"
if i wanted sports scores i would watch sports    
is very angry
contemplating if i should continue the daily pokefest shinanigans     
is wondering why <propfemale> springs doesn't plow the streets  i haven't seen one yet!
i guess i'd better get shoveling or i won't be able to get out of the driveway  i like snow but this is ridiculous!
"my kids are fighting over snow for their igloos! \she's taking all the snow\""  wait a minute   there is enough for everyone!"""
whats going on?
"what i mean is , why is everyone blurting out colors?"
"<propfirst> hallford <propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>!"
im soooo happy my baby is home!!!!!
i am so sick of hearing i want to move everyday of my life!
i guess i have to get of fb  my husband is irritated with me  hahahahahhhaha 
school tomorrow!
moraine valley colleges parking lot is a joke! aarrrggh!
"i know this will offend some of you but i thought it was funny and decided to post anyway for all those men who say,'why buy the cow when you can get the milk free'  here's an update for you! nowadays 80% of women are against marriage, why? because women realise it's not worth buying an entire pig just to get a little sausage!!!!------keep it going girls"
i love my sister more than words can say  if you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without our sisters!?
"this week>>>>>>>>>>>>replace your profile pic with a famous person (actor, musician, athlete, etc) that you've been told you resemble and repost    if you disagree say so, or if you think of someone else instead  comment"
said i would never buy the tribune  well now i'm going to subscribe to it (only for the coupons  i'm such a hypocrit!
i've come to the conclusion that i don't know anything because i stay away from people who know everything!
im relieved a bit cuz i thought we had cub scouts tonight but we dont! today was crap! its almost over
i'm mentally and physically exhausted  i f hear mooooom one more time i  i   i don't know!
its just me & tia` tonight! where shall we go eat? hhhmmm
i love the smell of the welding booth   mmmm e6010's hahahhahhh
is about to shove a hostess cupcake in her mouth!
well so much for friday alone time  i will have two sick kids home from school tomorrow  poor babies sad 
aaaaaaaahahhahahahahhaahaha      blahhhhaaahahhhahahaa    tee <propfemale>
i actually made it up the hill last night  yep my tires were bald  thank you goodyear man even though i think you ripped me off!
is wondering how i got on fb when i suposed to be on my way to the store?
has discovered how biased i can be  two people do the exact same thing  i feel animosity towards one  sympathy towards the other  emotions are amazing and they baffle me  sometimes i just don't know what to do with them 
"a visitor pulled the fire alarm at the school today  they thought is was the doorbell to get in  apparently they didnt speak english! sheeesh learn the language people (only if you are here legally  if not, go back home)"
does anyone sell avon?
to those of you who knew <propmale> stover  he passed away a couple of weeks ago  so sad 
silence is <propfemale>  have you ever been around someone who never seems to shut up? and they talk and talk and talk    i can't take it
to all my family down in <propfemale>  remember the h a g y! i can't wait tosee you all!
"i also hate when i am asked a sries of \i don't know\"" questions  like \""why is this blue?\"""""
manhattna irishfest tonight!!!
im in the mood for canolli  thats what i like about being so close to the city  you can get any ethnic food within 20 minutes of driving  hhhm maybe some sesame beanpaste balls 
im on spring break  sad  what am i going to do?
"loves the smell of e6010's in the morning! oh by the way, i don't want to brag but    i got an a in my welding class!cheeyah"
i had a dream i was standing at the meat counter picking out my corned beef  i wonder what that means   
didnt realize i still had the corned beef status
wake up monkey face ! we're going to the museum!
can'y wait to go back to class on monday! spring break is no big deal  it's not even spring yet so why are we on spring break?
i'm just curious    is anybody actually for obama's health plan on here? please voice your opinions  i really want to know 
feels like saying   stop being a sorry sap! no one likes being around someone who mopes all the time! shape up and pull yourself together already!!!!sheeesh    but i won't!
lord of the flies     
does any have an easy kolache recipe? can't seem to find a good easy one    
first concert you attended!! everyone play along! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends first concert was  copy and paste on your profile  then put your first concert at the end of this sentence    judas priest and motorhead 
uh oh we got a butt kickin karoke system  i hope the geriatric <propmale> doesn't mind!!!!
gaa gaa o <propfemale>!!!
feels like crap     
"i admit it i'm a bitch!!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this    i make mistakes, i'm out of control, i'm emotional, and at times i'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best! if you're a bitch repost this! i dare you!!!   "
is bored to death 
party at the prestos!!!!
"stop trying to speak like shakespeare  seriously who the hell talks like that anyway  tis', twas, shan't  dorks!"
ah haa ah haa! doo doo doo doo doot doot doo doo doo doo doot! ah haa ah haa!
why am i not notified that i have two more friends  how am i gonna find out who just accepted me without going through everyone?
is freezing! how is that possible?
wonders why i have 4 bedrooms  they all sleep together like a pack of dogs    maybe i should downsize 
you and me goin' fishin' in the dark  lyin on our backs countin the stars where the cool grass grows 
why do people thrive on drama? then they get the facts screwed up!
i seen two of my daughters teachers aat school today  you'd think they would show a little concern  nope! assholes!
i want to go fishing    
i feel like a stalker!!!! eeeewh!
sometimes it's better to be silent!!!!
lord keep your arm around my shoulder and your hand over my mouth 
the redneck woman and the high class broad are going tanning
im a little  red
i would give anything to hear my daddy say: i'll stomp you boy or grinnin' like a jackass eatin' briers!
is trying to tan but keeps getting chopped from those massive amounts of whirly bird thingies that fall from the trees 
nothing absolutely nothin 
i love my sister! she is my best friend!
who is jodelle frye? and evryone her? it seems that way 
will i am from the blackeyed peas is a wonderful man!
ahhhh hahaha thanks <propmale>!!!!
for goodness sakes be original or at least try to be 
i  ate  sushi! never say never  i said i nevr would eat sushi and i did  sooo    never say never 
woo hoo i'm registered in all the classses i wanted for summer and fall!!!!
"must get off the chaise lounge, my bon bons are gone  think i'll go tanning!!!"
<propfirst> told me to go put my welding hood on and sit in the parking lot at school and cry  he never ceases to crack me up!
happy birthday <propfirst>! party on <propmale>!
stop parasitically draining our country!!!
thought grades were suposed to be posted today      ???????
rappy rirthday <propmale>! ry ruv roo!
g p a 4 0 yes i'm bragging!!!!
where is my f o i d card? i'ts been 30 days      
background checked cleared  i can wait 7 more days    woooo doggy!
school tuesday!
ok i'll admit  i jumped on the bandwagon a couple weeks ago  let's go black hawks!!! tear em' up like some philly steak sam'ichez!
is getting ready to leave the beach sad 
i got it! tee <propfemale>!
where is the sun!? this is ridiculus!
if you constantly trash people and gossip  dont freakin talk to me
is missing 1 6 foot alumin ladder 3 tomto cages  6 6 feet long garden stakes 1 smoky brown eyeliner
bored! i want to go home!
has developed an 8 year old siamese twin  now  i know why animal mothers eat thier  young 
is yelling free bird! on the inside!
thinks people shouldn't be so judgemental  no one is  perfect!!!!
"<propfirst> 7:1-2  judge not, that ye be not judged  for with what judgement ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again "
is sick!!! on this beautiful saturday    wth!!!
is making plans for the hallford <propfirst> gunn yearwood reunion  aka h a g y!
<propfirst> needs to get  his butt on stage!
i have a dilema  true blood or r e o speedwagon tonight? hhhmmmm what to do what to do    
i misss my <propfemale> feather  i havent seen her in  week
owwwwh! just not in the mood for today     
omg just shoot me 
what a screwd up week  why  cant i just keep my mouth shut?
<propfemale> is getting her puppy in 2 weeks!
feels like im in the twight zone  trying to find out how to get a police report from il  state police  no phone <propfirst> no adress! why didnt manhattan show up?
if one more person flicks a ciggarette butt in my yard im gonna make them eat it!
cleanin  cleanin cleanin whoa my house is gleamin! rawhide!  smile 
"happy birthday <propmale>   i  think about you often \happy birthday <propfirst>!"
it makes me angry when people  think that southeners are  all toothless hillbillies  it just shows your  ignorance!
wonders why we dont hear good old country music in chi-town 
feels good to be home  cuz thats where my heart is 
home again home again jiggity jig   ugh    
it is what it is   and that's all\\n   kelly
"my 13 yr old crahed my car into the garage but hey, all 4 speakers work now!\\n   kelly"
wants to curl up in the fetal position and cry but that won't help matters
i got rid of most of the toys!!!! i knew this time would come!!!!!
was  driving thru little bagdad today and seen an american flag on the street being ran over by cars  it broke my heart  i did  a u turn and picked her up 
needs tres leche  in a bad way 
thinks you should get male hormone injections and grow a beard instead
sometimes fb creeps me out  is anyone with me?
i need a good picture of myself for a profile pic  anyone have pics of me email me some    ahem    donna
"marines!!!! haha  you, little boy, are not <propfemale> material  you are more of a homeless gay bottom prostitute in singapore  you need to be locked in a dog cage in a window somewhere over there!"
what to do what to do!!!???
going to pick up my beautiful sister for lunch
i got to hold the cutest little baby last night!
i get to hold that lil snuggly bug baby again!!!!eeeeek
east or west?
wishing a safe trip for <propfirst> and my baby today  first stop england (hi <propfirst>) then off to morroco!
making a red <propfemale> cake for one of the teachers at school   whaat are you doing? high five the <propfemale> for me!
"you and i wake up in jail together… using only four words,what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say… (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this as yourstatus  fair is fair  smile "
its 2:22 in morroco  wondering what they r doing      
my baby is leaving on a trek theough the sahara on camels to spend the night in a nomad tent! the girl is living my dream     
"im sick  i missed school, but im gonna get up and cram that damn microphone down someones throat!"
is wondering when this is going to end  if ever  what to do  what to do  i'm gonna snap 
"i qualified for membership with phi theta kappa,hahahaha maybe they have the wrong person!!!"
it's a sink or swim world
found the hottest dentist ive ever seen! i dont think i can go to him  can you say awkward???
my baby is getting married!
is really hoping i get this job!
"who wantsa to play psychiatrist? im the dr  when i say \careless child\"" you say     """
feels like i got hit by a <propmale> truck or maybe a peterbilt   ugh
wishes my dad was here     
o brother you  are full of drama
now i have to hide you too!
not necessarily conservative  not liberal  hhhhm what am i? i just don't fit in 
im locked out of email!!!!: smile  smile  smile  smile (
has a love hate relationship with <propfemale>
freezing my arse off
well im up now (please no early morning poking)
woooo hooooo hahaha!!! i got a job!! doing the happy dance!!!!!
"the\ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort,\but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy  [i totally stole this from a friend!]"
"<propfemale> presto was hurr!!! chyeaa boii, lol  smile  haahh"
"wow i get to do something and get paid! what a concept! i feel like im playing monopoly and i got a \get out of jail\"" card free!!!!!!!"""
decided to give up listening to <propfemale> jam for awhile  i'm starting to get depressed  i get in the car and what do i hear? i go in the store and what do i hear?
i just realized i checked the mail twice today  i don't think i'll be getting anything today!!!
i got a secret and i'm dying to shout it out!
"fake(+)(+) ,perfect (o)(o), perky ( wink ( wink , cold (^)(^) and even grandmas \\o  \\o  big( • )( • ) or small ( ) ( ) save them all  repost for breast cancerawareness ---love it      "
my siamese twin is talking my ear off     
coda? i can't believe you deleted ur email address  reading ur crazy stories was the highlight of my day 
tee <propfemale>
"dear insomnia, i hate you "
my siamese twin is at it again     
i just want to know why      
is dying to catch the old fart blowing his leaves in my yard
"thinks it's funny that all the christians speak \christianese\"" to one another!"""
it's funny how a mustache can change everything!
i ain't got nuttin'
thinks it's tea time
"ok i'm gonna do the 30 days of thankfulness thing  ummm  lemme think i'll get back to you  ok i got one \1  my job "
turn it up!
i seen a cook county worker blowing leaves  in the woods on archer  are they going to try to mop up lake michigan too???
"saving up my money for a rainy day, giving all my clothes to <propfemale>     "
going to see my weesie girl!!!
if you mated a bulldog with a shitzu what would you call it?
is bored and i smell chocolate 
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? please repost"
im being beggged to go watch the diary of <propfemale> <propfirst>  just not in the mood to have my heart broke  cant we watch <propfirst> hood with <propfirst> costner?
so happy i get to work tomorrow early! tee <propfemale> i know i'm a lil strange  but happy!!!
wishes everyone would get out of my room
what drag it is getting old  good night 
"at the request of a facebook friend - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for the us \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this """
what happened to my uneventful boring life? i want it back for a little while 
january 19  sheilded metal arc welding 1&2 here i come! (happy dance)
is it time to pack the halloween decorations away?
congratulations!! you've got yourself an <propfemale> male!
thinks the verizon vortex sucks!
baaah!
to #3  i'm a pretty good judge of character  i liked you immediately  we should talk more 
"feels like death warmed over, house is a pig sty and will be gone all day! yeah me!"
gloom despair and agony on me      
excuse me  excuse me  excuse me! i want off this ride now!
umm  ummmmm ain't got nuthin 
i hate commercialized christmas  i think its stupid to go into dept for this day  im pretty sure jesus would agree  the whole meaning of this day is lost 
as for me i celebrate christmas so <propfemale> christmas to all who celebrate with me  too late to to say happy hannukah so i'll get you next year! happy early kwanzaa to all my friends who celebrate that holiday! love you all!!!
love my family! today was the best! miss the rest of my family down in <propfemale>!
who gets up at 6 smile 0 am on sunday to shovel snow? my neighbor  i think its weird 
wow im home alone  ahhh silence  it is <propfemale>!
is bored!!!!!
well everyone is mad at me! bite me! $#!t happens!
actually had mentally stimulating intelligent conversation  very rare!
when i don't get a straight answer i usually go my gut feeling about the truth  i just really hope im wrong but i think my speculations are accurate 
is in the mood for a bon fire  guess i'll have to wait 
i love you monkey face
is stalking people on fb!
happy birthday!
stupid phone? smart phone  stupid me! ugh happy birthday <propfemale>!
i swear i seen huggy bear wearing a long fur coat on the southside yesterday!
just waited 22 minutes in line at walmart and there was only 4 people in front of me  at times like this tourettes would come handy!
needs a trough for this kettle corn!
the nutzo family is starting a monopoly game on a school night
had the worst day of the year so far
never wants to see a another cheesecake bar again     
needs food!
im still totally a gemini buy i don't believe in that stuff! pulllleeeez
can anyone recommend any books on the vietnam war?
sitting in class waiting for it to begin  this is goo g to be interesting     
well im home now  yeay  me 
will be taking a road trip in february to see my son in law(im so proud) graduate from boot camp! will be passing through nashville the weekend of the 26 
i had so much fun tonight!
im going to be selling premier jewelry to help my lil cousin raise money for a trip to europe with her school  if anyone is interested let me know 
thank you everyone who helped me win the jacket!!!!
"dear verizon, the droid x is an awful phone "
manhattan irishfest wooo hooo! march 4&5!!!!! now chicagos largest southside parade! wedont need you <propfemale>!!!!
did absolutely nothing yesterday  layed around all day and ate an entire bag of flamin hot cheetos  i'm such a rebel!
soooo chicago is getting a blizzard! bring it!
forget the bread and milk! toilet paper!
o look   its snowing 
laughing hysterically!
i looked out the window and seen my son helping a neighbor shovel  it turns out he & the dog where playing and got snow on her driveway  she yelled at him and made him clean it up 
i keep seeing how people pulled together in this storm  that is so nice  but i have the shittiest neighbors in <propfemale> springs  yeah i said it!
why must i wait so long for you?
who is the playing in the superbowl? the packers and the celtics?
wake me up when the baseball game is over 
loved the coke commercial
whats the score
needs a good book to read
oh baby im so tired!
wishing i was in georgia   where are those dang <propfemale> slippers?
is thinking about running away and joining the circus    
thanks for your input but seriously mind your own damn business
is jaded beyond repair  i think     
spent valentines doing verticals! fun fun fun  i love the smell of those red 6010's 
needs some serious duct tape
sooo looking forward to cleaning out my car!
never thought i would be bummed because there is no school sad 
wishes i was in <propfemale>
i really hope rahm is not chicagos next mayor  i think he will be though 
911 what's your emergency? my neighbor has dog doodoo in their yard  can you send a squad? imagine being the officer on that call?
im truely disgusted  rahm <propmale> is the mayor of chicago  i knew he was gonna get it  business as usual!
wants a normal life without unnecessary chaos 
anybody know where my mom is?????
<propfirst> hair straiteners on sale at tuesday morning for $39 99! cheapest i've ever seen them!
who turned my furnace off?    brittni
getting ready to watch shameless but not with my sister sad 
did anyone love taking the isat tests besides me
who wants to go to bourbon st  tomorrow night? text me 
knew this morning was to good to be true     
my kids are driving me crazy!
word of the day  cantankerous 
im gonna stop buying crap from <propfemale>  this is gonna be hard  evrything is made over there  its crap!
its monday! suck it up whiners! go out and do it!
just said goodbye to my baby god i'm gonna miss her 
free to a good home   sad  i have to get rid of my american staff 
"its national book week  grab the closest book to you, copy the 5th sentence on pg 56 as your status  don't mention the book  post these rules as part of your status "
hmmm who should i poke??????
everything is going to he'll in a hand basket
redneck word of the day  i made me some fried okra an i ate it obama sef
i gotta take a crap!! hope i don't clog the toilet again    lmao   
my husband thinks he is funny changing my status  har harhar
i hate listenig to people argue about religion  ugh
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying!
wonders how the dogs got in my room and jumped all over my bed with muddy paws  o but they weren't in there  very odd indeed 
3 smile 0 is not a good time to wake up when you start work at 9
may you be in heaven 10 minutes before the devil knows you're dead! happy st  patricks day!
funky fresh eazy e!!!!
its time to get goin  what lies ahead i have no way of knowin       yeah!
never ever would i thought i would be were i am today 
that last status wasn't meant to be that deep!
i am very illannoyed!!!
ok what's the fruit thing going around?
sometimes fb is so    so juvenile  im not saying im not but just in a different way 
banana with orange tendencies
if i knew you you were going to pass away 29 years ago today i wouldn't have been so mean to you 
nobody is perfect  its no big thing don't let it bother you  remember this too shall pass! tgif!
<propmale> is goin' flyin' t'day
doesn't fetta cheese remind you of toe jam!! ooh i love that smell!!
im gonna kill you tumbleweed  stay off my phone or ill break your other foot!!!! o no i changed my mind you need to go back to work!
i know this is weird but i like putting peanut butter on my toes and letting my dog lick it off!! i go thru alot of peanut butter thou!!
cant wait till my husband goes back to work
is at a crossroad 
omg! who the hell is <propfemale> hardiman?????
makin brownies for work tomorrow
does anyone have a blonde afro wig i can borrow? ????
is pregnant again!
life is what happens when you're busy making other plans    john was a genius
is sad and empty
today is going to be a very looping day  can i have some cheese with this whine?
flu like symptoms again  what the heck is going on????
i wish my siamese twin would stop frolicking
"my heart is broken but relieved  relieved because you suffer no more  aunt <propfemale>, i will always love you and hold you close to my heart "
i hope i have a job when i get back      
"lynard, check  bocephus, check  <propmale>, check  couldn't find <propfirst> "
<propfemale> wants to know if anyone seen droopy pop on american idol thursday?
monteagleweeeeeeee
i love you <propfemale>
i miss my kids
"i love and miss all my cousins, aunts & uncles  each and everyone of you  that makes a very large immediate family!"
snow? snow? you've got to be freeeekin kidding me!!!!!!!
wake up its 5:24 fb
doesnt want to be misunderstood
love and respect you mothers  they wont be around forever  dads too 
i think someone in the capitalone office is smoking crack 
help me win that oxy welder  yeah that one down there\\|  (i hate this phone it won't let me do what i want to)
i wish <propfemale> and <propfemale> were little again and lived at home with me sad 
i love all my fb friends  well except for one of you and when i get my hands on a computer you will be gone 
will be moving to the the yearwood compound  im gettin me a rooster and maybe a goat 
what were <propfirst> and <propfirst> going to do with those spices? haven't heard an answer that satisfies me me yet    
sing me a song <propfirst> lowe!
is freeeeezing and im sick of it 
this weather is making me depressed  ugh
29 posts about the hawks!
needs to know how to deal with someone who has absolutely no common sense 
im still freezin!
smells like      bonfire!!!!!
ok im desperate  ineed to find someone who has a paypal account  i want to buy a cord for my laptop? who is gonna help me out?
me and my big blabber mouth always seems to offend somebody  if i did im sorry  i didn't mean to 
was in manhattan yesterday  yes i choked back the tears      
im selling a car on craigslist  if you don't hear from call 911  im scared!
i want to see his dead body  i need proof 
dont click on the bbc video of dead osama going around fbcuz its a virus
i wonder how many sleeper cells are in bridgeview? i remember back 99 fbi busted someone linked to osama 
is freezing
i still need proof!
happy cinco de mayo
why do do i have the weirdest dreams????
ran away last night  i didn't get far i had a dr  appt today 
house needs a serious purging 
being left out sucks  its even worse when it happens to your kid 
