e25e3216e53b7a8947026a15831c262b
visiting my brother for new years
being a senior is ftw
reinstien is such an awesome teacher!!
"which movie should i see? \final destination\"" or \""inglorious bastards\""?"""
does anyone know of good drivers <propmale> schools?
"is listening to \our truth\"" by lacuna coil"""
is writing a roommate ad 
ahhh basic design is boring
is done inking his basic design project
is really bored and has nothing to do  sad 
hates writing his senior project paper
is bored and thinking what to do
if you could be any pokemon who would you be?
broke his phone
is bored and needs something to do
wishes he was out snowboarding right now
is bored and needs something to do with friends!!! any suggestions??
happy newyear!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from visiting my brother at bosh ba'hai school up in <propfemale> cruiz
is wishing he could play a  game of arkam horror
wants to be back up in <propfemale> <propfirst> to <propfemale> with brother and friends
"to all the year of service youth up at bosche keep up the good work you guys are awesome!!!, and <propfirst> try not to do anything stupid that would wind up getting you hurt"
hates scratch boards
"has mr  reinstein's saying \sin y\"" stuck in his head"""
can't wait for the school year to end
thinks obama's state of the union speech was verry impressive
needs better things to do after school!!!
hates mrs  schultz's government class
anybody know how to solve tan ?= (70 30)? i'm completly lost on how to find theta
open house was epic in schultz's class  just had to yell <propfirst> and watch people pour into the room  and at the end <propfirst> shared a cookie with everyone 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
happy valintine's day everyone 
any snow sports fans out there have any suggestions as to what kind of gear to get?
thinks eminem is probably the only good white rapper
has no one to go to prom with
just bought two prom tickets!
is currently searching for a group to rent a limo ride to prom
"just came back from the mall, picking out his tux"
"hey, if you are going to prom and need to rent a tux, i've go tdiscout coupons  just ask me and i will give you one "
"\the diary\"" by hollywood undead totally describes me"""
happy easter everyone
"anyone planning on doing anything this week, i sure need something to do  lol"
well it's official  i'm an eagle scout 
is planning on buying a paintball gun but doesnt know what kind to get  any suggestions?
bowling is so much fun
i gave up being a vegetarian yesterday
tomorrow im legal  awesome
prom!!!!!! i can't wait  it's going to be a blast!
prom was awesome  sucks that it's over
school days sure seem quite boring now   annoyed  wish they were better
so what to do after high school idk  any suggestions?
"just got back from a dance show  wow, is about all i can say "
"gotta get away, gotta escape my fears  gotta run not away to reality but to my dreams  gotta reach high to the sky and show others how i fly  dreams are a valuable thing, not to be wasted but achieved  let not others tell you who you are, but to discover that amongst yourself and your dreams "
can't wait till grad night  8 more days
just applied for moorpark
"calculus, what's it like  cause i'm gunna sign up for it at moorpark"
is bored out of his mind and is waiting to get his conformation of appling for moorpark college   sad  they are so slow right now it's pissing me off 
"sooo bored  don't know what to do, any suggestions?"
isn't love such a beautious thing?
"went to the <propfemale> library today, and on air force one i asked the lady if i needed to put my cell phone on airplane mode  laugh  hahaha such a great day "
just got back from senior awards night
congradulates everyone who got an award during awards night
oh my gosh! reinstein's final was a bit confusing -__-
"so grad night, who all is going?"
"grad night was amazing, it was soooooo fuunnnn!!!!!!!"
"bored, got my house to myself, and i don't know what to do  what should i do, suggestions people   laugh "
ahhhh i'm  bored and wanna do something  playful           most suggested thing i will do   laugh  so suggest something
sooo ready for that bbq tomorrow  smile 
reinstein is gunna have a bad day tomorrow lol cause i'm in his class
"bbq was sooooo good, great day today  smile "
i just got done shooting my french final project  i was so nervous  being infront of the camera is harder than it seems 
"yeah, so i had to reshoot my video, cause i couldnt reformat the file from linear to digital  sad  ohhh well life goes on "
"finals are done, school is over  time for college"
alright  grad practice today then graduation  awesome
"ok, sso i try my graduation cap on and it doesn't exactly fit me well  annoyed "
how does an iron work? someone please tell me cause i need to know how to use it   laugh 
"okay, so i was thinking, why did they tell us to iron our grad gowns if they are made of plastic?"
"to all the graduates congrats on this bittersweet day  i will miss seeing you all in the awesome and powerful form, the class of 2010  there are so many last hugs and pictures i wish i could have taken  i hope one day, our paths  cross  may you all have the best of luck in the new college environment  i hope to keep in touch with all of you guys  you are the best  805-624-0189"
"man, pau gasol rocked the staples center stadium in last night's game "
"spent a whole day celebrating his father  ate at <propfirst>'s crab shack, good place, great food  e playful lored ventura area, and ate ice cream at the end "
just got an id and set up a checking account  now to get a job 
"strangly i crave sushi right now, and i am not even that hungry  lol"
says < 3
"after seing pastrana jump a shifter cart into his foam pit, i so badly wana ride one "
does anyone know how i can get my final transcript?
"after much consideration  i have decided, i shall become a pastry cheff!!!"
"what is love?    baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more      baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me   no more        "
i just made muffins  ^ ^ sweet
anybody going to moorpark want to take a tennis couse?
ça va?
can't wait for winter again  i need to go snowboarding badly 
thinks he should take up bass guitar   smile 
went to the dmv and failed the permit test and eye exam  makes me sad  sad 
got my eyes checked and got glasses today   annoyed  at least they are only for driving
i got my permit  smile 
"first week of college is over, and i discovered that golfing is pretty hard "
golfing seems to be getting easier so all i need is to keep practicing  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
my calculus class starts in about 3 5 weeks  woohoo  i'm so stoked    lol hardly
what a tough weekend  painting a garage is a lot more work than you think it is  lol
so i am here at moorpark early    <propfemale> bored and dont know what to do   sad 
first day of calculus and i am already hating the class     sad 
i need to tell reinstien that calculus is crazy
somebody text me i'm bored
holy shit!!!!!! three hours of learning about epsilons and deltas= one hell of a long time  annoyed 
today was a great day! passed my pitch shot skills test and got better at my full swing  soon i'm gunna be hittin like a pro 
the squeeze theorem is amazing!!!
"i've been thinking, why doesn't <propfemale> <propfemale> do any good senior pranks? <propmale> get's a gorilla on their roof and we get stupid spoons stuck in the field "
went driving today  definitely getting better at it  smile 
why? why must you be 100+ degrees outside? it is autume for cryin out loud!
finally finished the long ass calculus homework i was assigned  damn that stuff takes forever
"just ate my first meal of the day,  sad  there is seriously something wrong with me  that ain't normal"
skinned my hands and blistered them playing golf   sad  wow that really sucks
what's a good price to pay for golfing gloves?
so apparently rain qualifys as an excuse to cancel golf class lol
nooooo why must it start to warm up again?
saw someone putting up a yes on prop 19 poster at moorpark  haha wonder how many people will vote yes on it?
tuttie fruitie is amazing  smile 
super bored  sad  maybe i should start filming stuff  laugh  haha
hhmmmmm what should i dress up as for halloween? suggestions? all are welcome  smile 
curse you crappy hot weather  already october and it's hotter than it should be outside  sad 
getting really tired of homework  it is so gay -_-
someone should through a halloween party
"almost that season again, snowboarding    i'm so stoked  smile "
i am proud to say i don't have that little voice in my head that separates the ridiculously extreme from the ridiculously non courageous!
"<propfemale> <propmale> guten morgen, guten morgen, guten moregen sonnenschein!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"\like\"" my status  smile  and i'll tell you 1) what i learned about you after looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) what color you remind me of  3) my first memory of you  4) what animal you remind me of  5) ask you something i've always wondered about you  6) my favorite thing about you  7) i'll challenge you to repost this!"""
new favorite music's ska!!!! it's amazing
"what's up with these crappy weather patterns, why can't it just stay the same for at least one week?"
"on section 3 5 of my calculus homework, like 5 more sections to go and 63 problems remaining  test tomorrow  > sad  fml"
"bored as hell, why can't winter come already? i can't take the waiting to shred down the mountains anymore  annoyed "
"damn, i've forgotten the password to my email account  i feel so stupid now  sad "
"damn, boredom never seems to leave me alone :["
saw three of my friends at work   laugh  hahaha i was totally surprised 
"bord, bindings and boots all half off at five points skate and snowboard in ventura  what a steel  go there if you want a board, 2787 east main street "
snow season is like about finally here!!!!!! sweet can't wait to test my new board out  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
anybody have an idea of what a reasonable price is for a pair of boarding goggles would be?
"this damn snow season is taking too long to arrive  so tired of this crappy  <propfemale> weather, but at least it looks like it's going to be decent this week and next week though  annoyed "
"thinking of cutting my long hair off, who agrees i should do this?"
"down with the <propmale> for years about ten of 'em  recruiting suckers, <propmale> and <propfirst> and makin' men of em'"
"got a c on my calc test, hell yeah!!!!! i just might not fail this stupid class after all"
gosh why must restringing a guitar be so freaking complicated!!!!!!  sad 
"great can't finish restringing my guitar cause tuner's broke, and the cable jacks are crap  sad  so not cool"
"it's times like these we learn to live again, it's times like these we give and give again, it's times like these we learn to love again! \ such a great song"
who's a good english teacher at moorpark???
looks like next semester is full time student for me whoopty freakin doo   annoyed 
"got myself a nice burn from the stove, cooking can be a bitch sometimes  annoyed "
"thanksgiving is getting closer, time to sit back eat hearty and watch football  love it!!"
happy thanksgiving to all!!
last calc test before finals   hahahaha i'm gunna ace this test!
passed my full swing skills test  finally!!!! no just an easy final left and golf is over 
super bored  i need something to do 
been getting really weird ass calls by restricted <propfirst>  annoyed  and some how the people know my name 
"each growing day, i am finding food to be less and less appealing   sad  something about it makes me sick "
finally the semester is over  now it's time to relax
too bad the rain stopped  sad  i was liking the nice break from the dry cold weather
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!! make it a fantastic and bitchin one!!!
i really don't want go back to college yet  first time being a full time student  <propfemale> not stoked for this one   sad 
off to yet another class  annoyed  shit this day just never seems to end
je veux parler français en class de français 
throwing <propmale> pisses me off!!!! it's so damn hard!!!
"finally this week is over!!! shit it seemed so long  time to sit back and chill for a few days, then start the process over again "
finally is getting the <propfemale> of ceramics  i could spend hours on hours throwing <propmale> haha  laugh 
"went into the ceramics lab today, made one more mug, and made a rattler  had so much fun today  smile "
packers vs steelers superbowl  this should be a good one 
i have decided that from now on i will only eat low-fat foods 
homework sucks!!!
finished two mugs for class!!!!
hell yes!! i have ceramics class tomorrow!!! i am so stoked!!!  laugh 
"superbowl this sunday, can't wait to watch the steelers win "
has no tv and does not want to miss the big game sunday  anybody wanna let me watch it with them?
packers suck!!!!!!!!! > sad 
happy <propfirst>'s day!!!
got to class only to find out it had been canceled   annoyed 
just found out that jam masta-jay was shot  that ain't cool!!  sad 
just bought a nice new pair of boarding goggles!!!
gotta love the rain in cali  nice to have a weather change once in a while 
i really really hate college essays   sad  they continue to suck  more and more 
spring break!! it's here  have to party 
just found a bunch of my bro's cd's in the garage of bands i like! time to put em on my ipod!!!
"now has the albums dookie, recipe for hate, all ages, supernunknown and turn the radio off on his ipod!"
headphones broke  sad  only used twice and they broke! what is with that?
"what sucks worse than school is school papers for projects  just finished one, one more to go   sad "
