9d70dd554497a5f6d698391cf1c2a169
"just saw did you hear about the <propfirst>'s and it was really funny, mostly just on <propmale> grants part though"
just had a great new years toast and hoping they come true!! yours too rhii rainbow!!!
family christmas today  smile 
summerschool makes me appreciate my friends sooooo much!! i miss you guys!!
woooo! summer school is over!!! i took the final and i had the highest final grade in the class!! a 97 9!!! i'm such a nerd!!
at lil rahmeen and solomans  bday pty and bout to go swimmin
so tired from the pool today    chasing around an eight year old is way more exhausting then you'd think    i dont know how parents do it   
"i hav a reeeeeely bad sunburn on my legs and summer gym, ugh   "
"ummm    hmmm    a little tired, uhh all i'm doing for the next two weeks is summer gym sadly   "
ahhh!!! the lights went out!!! [:inside joke smile 
i think i tore a ligament in my ankle playing basketball    really swollen    hurts like hell   
"the doc said my ankles either broken or a realle bad sprain, and it still hurts and its like i have one kankle"
"how, i ask anyone who is willing to give me a solution, am i supposed to rest my ankle for two weeks, or longer, if i hav summer gym the rest of this week, camp all next week, going to the lake the next week, then columbia the next, then school starts??? "
"how, i ask anyone who is willing to give me a solution, am i supposed to rest my ankle for two weeks, or longer, if i hav summer gym the rest of this week, camp all next week, going to the lake the next week, then columbia the next, then school starts??? "
unfortunately i have to do the final in summer gym tomo    stupid ankle   
"packin for camp today, leavin tomo, prolly wont be on for a few weeks, bye everybody!!"
sme tomo!!!
leaving for columbia later!!
anyone near locker 04033?
"i know everyone already has school as their status, but really, there isnt much else to write about    well watever, school starts tomorow   "
"school was good, a little boring today, but the halls were insane!!!"
finished my homework  smile 
"i finished my homework, thank god!!!"
"hey everybody, i am running for freshman class rep, vote for me!!"
"hey freshman!!! i am running for class reprasentative, so vote for me!!!"
mmmm    mtn dew ultra <propfemale>!!! delicious!!!
can anyone think of songs that start with either e or n?
"i just randomly watched prom night, and was it supposed to be that stupid and depressing?"
today i was looking at facebook religions and i saw the option for amish  i think this begs the question    why in the world would amish people have facebooks? mlia
"today, i found out that it is illegal to hunt whales in the state of kansas  kansas is a landlocked state  i am now dying to know the reason this law was necessary mlia"
who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
i infected ambers facebook!!
wow interesting day   
"i used to be love drunk, but now i'm hungover, i loved you forever, forever is over   smile "
soooooo confused   
i really really really really really really really really really really hate being sick  sad   crying 
tired i wanna sleep but i have homework    stupid homework   
"i have an awesome costume, brebre caraway, u would be proud"
the haunting of <propfemale> hartley was completely and totally not scary and it did not make sense   
strange traditions the theatre people hav   
"is wondering   if you and i woke up in jail together   using only 4 words   what would be the first thing you would say to me??!! copy this into your status, and see what responses you get!"
"will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy,sinister,personal or wrong it is  there is no alterior motive, you have my full honesty, i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get  smile  (i took the dare  smile "
just brought up all the christmas sttuff!!! its getting close! only a month away!
"my notes now have beautiful coloring on them, thank you soloman!! hahaha"
pissed to the n'th degree
reeeeeeally needs a monster  sad 
how the heck are u supposed to find menus and restaurants in europe? i cant seem t find the right things  sad 
"finishing up my europe report for, klein, well not finidhing ut up but typing it up  sad "
"i have the most amazing friends, thanks everyone soooo much for the birthday wishes except for <propfemale> lemonshe is evil but looks like a great hooker (hooker makeup)"
can anyone think of some really attractive guy celebrities??
"i really hate vaccuming, killer on te allergies!!"
watching <propfirst> lopez reruns  smile 
workin on the klein study guide for finals an its making me tired!!!
what two regions on the us are most noted for their fertile soil?
what are the two biggest cities in latin <propfemale>?
"in terms of population distribution, how are germany and <propfemale> different? and what are 2 reasons people of nordic europe are so content with their lives? please help me!!! i can not find these i've been looking for 45 minutes!!"
"randomlyon here when i really should be trying to finish the studyguide, 2 questions left and i hav no idea what the answers are   "
"spanish, yuck, <propmale> foundations,easy, and then i'm done!!! so so so so so so so so excited!!!"
spanish flash cards    woohoo    can you say fun   
what does lugar mean? (its spanish)
my dad didnt realize that tomorow is christmas <propfemale>   
o my goodness you guys i am sooooo psyched for christmas!!! (is that how u spell psyched???)
got an ipod!  smile 
enter status here
"hangin out, rhii rainbow did u get my text??? check ur phone cuz!!"
supernatural is awesome!! such a good show!! thank you so much for showing me rhii rainbow !!! i'm glad you liked <propfirst> tucker must die  laugh 
i am kinda scared i'm not gonna have any f my friends in any of my classes or lunches  troubled 
quite tired
yay!!!! we have thursday off too!!!!
blue
insert funny status here
"no one really cares about statuses, right?"
"don't worry, be happy"
i am a lttle sick of these mu vs ku statuses   
not the greatest of days   
yay greek!!!
"i just tried to fast forward the tv with my phone, it took me a little bit to figure out why it wasn't working    considering my phone has no buttons, it shouldn't have taken me that long   "
i will follow you into the deep end of the kiddie pool    lol luv ya rhii rainbow!!!
grrrrrrrrrr   
right now i really wish i had a snuggie     sad 
"o my goodness, my cousins    wow   "
ugh    cleaning   
since whe is it 11 o clock?? o thought it eas 930   
i didn't know the movie gamer was a musical    lol
"watching paranormal activity, it is boring   "
paranormal activity is the least scary movie of all time!! my little pony is scarier than that and rhii rainbow agrees!!
the movie gamer is really really good
"kinda tired, i think i might be wierd and turn in early     smile "
what are the three most populated cities and the three most populated countries in the middle east?
"fools was so much fun to work on! kat, ad everyone involved, you did such a great job!!"
"i am actually doing my homework the day before its due, the world must be ending soon     smile "
"maybe i was smart not to do my homework, my neck hurts and i have a headache   "
102 degree fever    not fun   
"so tired, trying to transcribe my intro to law interview, ugh   "
goin to rhii rainbow's house  smile !
wow rhii rainbow and i just had a supernatural (the tv show) moment    lol
"amityville horror was a really good movie! the new one with <propfirst> reynolds, btw, if you were wondering"
"if you are going to see remember me, and have a heart, be prepared to cry, i saw it and cried for 20 minutes after    wow"
"it's a new <propfemale>, frozen ice cubes- rhii rainbow"
turning in early  smile  i need me some sleep  troubled 
found out i get better internet connection on my balcony   
"this huge tree across from my apartment fell over, if it had fallen a few inches more to the left, it would have hit my apartment, if it had fallen the other way, it would have hit other peoples apartments, it was really lucky that it fell the way it did, because things could have been bad   "
"trying to learn some basic sign language  i have new neighbors who are deaf and i would like to be able to sign with them a little, when i met them i felt really bad, i was able to sign my name and understand theirs, but i did not get anything else out of it   "
kind of in shock   
gotta love all the family easters on easter weekend   
found out that my laptop only responds to violence   
and royals beat the red sox!!!
"you know are tired when you look at a word, and after a minute it doesn't make sense   "
"my phone is being stubborn, it shut itself off, which wouldn't be that bad cuz it has done that before, but this time it won't turn back on   "
such a bad headache    i have been sitting in a car waaaay to long
got a new phone everybody! need <propfirst> please!
just figured out how to get my itunes music on my phone  smile 
"interesting game, peoples true thoughts are coming out"
babysitting tonight  tired  don't know how well this will go over   
"<propmale>, <propmale> & <propmale>dy  smile "
happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms on here!!!!
high school is a lot like prison
done with my freshman year! yay!!!
"ahhhh relaxin with my feet in the lake, a good way yo spend the first full day of summer "
burn
"it's six in the morning, on a saturday, during summer vacation, and i am awake or no apparent reason   "
incredibly bored at the plslaza library until my mom gets done working    ugh   
coffee is heaven
"just got a haircut, it is soooo short!"
am i the only one that just now noticed that you can like comments??? how long has it been like that???
there is a really annoying cricket in my room and i can't get to sleep  crickets are disgusting creatures  yuck
kids these days   
my dog is shedding so much i think i might suffocate
those are the best shoulders i have ever seen
"my cousin rhii rainbow, took the computer and didn't log out like she said she would and is actually typing right now!  laugh  lol she just wants everybody to know that she is amazingly awesome, and that jensen ackles is simply beautiful "
"started on my summer homework yesterday, i probably should have started sooner   "
10 days  laugh 
on the way to the lake  smile 
"spuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ?\?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s??\spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
"if ur lifes going down the toilet and all you have is a piece of shit, you cling on to it"
movie day with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!!  laugh 
ever walked into a room you e playful ect to see empty and see someone une playful ected sleeping in the bed? i did    i almost peed myself   
<propfemale> tired   
preparing for california    kinda strassful at the moment
"babysitting for my neighbor, i get to watch finding nemo then putting him to bed  easiest job ever"
off to the airport  smile 
hello sandiego    its cold   
its not raining
walking along the beach writing stuiff for 2 hours wears you out    8o
"watching the knowing, anyonw know if its any good?"
is addicted to fresca
<propfemale> <propfirst> today  smile 
you can just drive by a golf course and see about 5 to 10 deer   
is cold 
"apparently i'm frustrating    actually the exact words were \you're so    so    ugh!\"""""
mmmmm    in and out burger  smile 
it has finally reached a high of 66 here  the ocean looks gorgeous
okay who prank called me saying they were <propfemale> clause? really? it has to be someone i know because they said my name  real mature real mature 
"just got done horseback riding! my horses name was <propmale>, it was amazing!"
"trying to teach a frenchmen the difference between a tongue, tongs and a thong    interesting   "
"i cracked my phone screen  wonderful    still works fortunately, but it is kind of ugly "
off to the airport  again    homeward yay!
i'm home!!!!
breakfast club!!
my cousin thought beiber fever was an actual sickness    hahaha!
why do the bulls in barnyard have udders?
this kids fake snoring sound is haw shoo!
my dog is evil   
last day of summer and my allergies are giving me hell    typical   
vampires suck! hahahahahahahahaha it was sooooooo funny!!
osquitos love me    i just couted and i have 80 mosquito bites   
"hust tripped on a stair and my face hit <propfemale>, it kinda hurt"
mmmmmmm spring rolls!
anyone selling chocolate! if you have dark chocolate you could trade me let me know! i will be so grateful!
"\there's nothing more american than shucking corn over an amerivan flag    in a wifebeater \"""""
"i don't like the spanish language    i don't like conjugating    grr, plus i have a headache, worste time to do homework   "
i want cheesecake   
i just found out i can talk to post my status this makes me happy i enjoy it way too much
it is amazing how empty your fridge looks after you clean it out
freaked out when i realized my phone wasn't in my pocket  then i realized it was in my hand  happens to everyone   
found out that i actually can succeed in spanish! yo recibo 55 54 en mi examen!!
i think i am losing my voice    ugh   
my voice cant decide if it wants to stay or leave   
mwahahahaha cough
finally finished my report stuff for ehap!! yay!
"great, a fever, that's wonderful  too bad i have to go to school tomorrow "
i have bronchitis    great   
debate    woo   
why is everything on the news sad or dissapointing in some way?
i was bit by a fly    it now looks and feels like a mosquito bite    itchy   
i can't draw to save my life   
"my othello comic book for fry is soooo bad that it isn't even funny    well, a little "
i like it on the couch
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority, andso much else all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better, and you respect them, for who they are, copy and paste this  most of you won't, but let's see who will?"
"i like how, in movies, when the main character is fighting a group of people only ons person at a time comes at the main character   "
tocos   
doesn't want to be in seminar right now    only 50 minutes left   
i am babysitting the most fabulous <propfemale> ever  yes 
"don't dream it, be it "
"i'm playing best friends sleepover, but i would way rather be playing xbox   "
can you sprain your voice? just wondering 
this pink foil kinda makes me happy 
a personal advantage? you've got to be kidding me   
i am addicted to popsicles   
hay <propfemale> amigo en mi 
just convinced a kid that there is a grade z that stands for zero 
i seriously sprained my ankle ans
me+super <propfirst> brothers=bad
my house smells like christmas 
"please\repost this if someone you know was killed by lord voldemort or any of \his followers  being struck by the killing curse, having your soul \sucked out by a dementor, or becoming petrified by the basilisk's gaze \are all truly tragic fates, be you muggle or wizard  93% of people will \   not repost this, as they have already been killed by the dark forces "
hates the smell of burnt popcorn    >:{}
for the ehap take home test does anyone have 2  16 42 39 62 or 65?
why <propmale>? why? ugh   
<propfemale> mcdonald is the greatest 
you know your dog is too small when you sit on a remote and think you killed the dog   
"cousins are the 1st friends of our lives  when you grow up, they're still your friends repost this if you have some of the best cousins n the world ! they may not be part of your daily ife, but they're never far life, but they're never far from your thoughts & memories!"
my phone synched every single one of my friends info to my contacts    let's just say i have a lot of pointless contacts now   
"ever notice how people just ask for conflict sometimes? they say i don't want any drama, then they basically beg for some    i think it is ridiculous "
"i went to the grocery store earlier and saw 6 year old twind that looked like young <propmale> potters  it was amazing, made my day "
love love love the lion <propmale> 
shakakakaka
"i killed a duck, it made me sad, i named it <propfemale>   - <propfirst> <propfirst>"
thanks to everyone for all of the birthday wishes! best birthday ever  smile 
got my license  you have fair warning   smile 
just got asked if i was registered to vote in kansas    and she called me ma'am   
watching despicable me  anyone want to get me a minion for christmas?  playful 
"if you think about it, pez dispensers are really sick    their innards come out of their neck and then you eat them   "
"when you are used to driving cars, driving a big truck is really wierd   "
"i finished my quote logs before midnight? how did that happen? well, this once i dont regret procrastinating   "
"don't broadcast your problems, 80% dont care, 15% are happy about it, only 5% listen with the intent of helping you, if you can find someone in tat 5%, good for you, if not, keep looking "
<propmale> has been maimed     sad  poor <propmale> 
you're being religionist!
i am a master of popcorn making  smile 
"i have tests in my three worst classes tomorrow and i can't find my ehap book, great   "
"and now, deep thoughts by <propfirst> handey    i can picture a world without war, a world without hate  and i can picture us attacking that world  because they'd never e playful ect it "
"<propmale>, if this were real life, by the time you got to the sloth, it would be dead  sorry to burst your bubble "
i missed <propmale> soooo much! but he is back now! and he had a hip replacement!
<propfemale>
i really hate ehap the night before a test   
i think i just learned more watching <propmale> the science kid than i have in chemistry this quarter   
the kids that i am babysitting are watching <propmale> potter  win 
today just kinda sucked  i did not want to do a mock trial tournament and it ate up my whole day   
my dog likes to sleep on shoes    it's really weird and it can't be comfortable 
