3cb3f393c9ce7879cf6e95f5b2c0717e
going swimming
im so hottt!
im dying my hair  smile 
"whoo hoo! mexico won! sorry usa, i still love u"
"i think i pulled a muscle, how do i fix that?"
going out with my bf mely today  smile 
conference was great! im so glad i went
getting ready to go to the gym   
not excited about staying up all night  sad 
i love my new coach bag  smile 
i love summer nights in san <propmale>!
excited to start studying for the gre    study partners <propfirst>?
going to go see <propfemale>'s body    i heard its good!
"if i cant get to sleep soon, im gonna have to resort to drugs"
"im feeling sick, this sucks"
"just waiting in the hospital for <propfirst> to come out of surgery , not bored thanks to the internet  smile "
"one of my clients woke up saying he felt an earthquake, i tought he was lying but  seeing all the new posts on it i guess i was wrong, haha"
"relaxing at the beach, it's finally <propfemale>"
i think i'm addicted to yoga    so relaxing!
"left my tapas at cafe sevilla to go to work, and i was still late, ugh"
"im over at my brother's place, where are my babies? sleeping, ugh"
i need some shopping therapy
"eww, i just drank some bad milk  i hope i don't get sick  annoyed "
off to my zumba class  smile 
almost time for dragonboat!!
"we lost in our dragonboat race to the sd sheriff dept by less than 1 second! so much fun, we did great!"
i just found out i have a high threshold for pain
so good to be home  smile 
"i'm having scary dreams, don't wanna sleep alone in my house  sad "
"why doesn't anyone want to go to tj with me? really, it's not that bad  haha"
"i really want to go buy a mexico soccer jersey, i hope they're not too e playful ensive  smile "
"watching <propfemale> perform at the fifa world cup kick-off concert, she's so freaking cute!"
who woke up early for the world cup?!!! go mexico!!!
"can someone e playful lain to me why people on here are rooting for england? unless you're from england, why wouldn't you want your own country to win? i don't get it!"
"went skydiving with <propfemale> today, <propfemale> amazing! if anyone ever wants to go, lemme know, i'll definitely go again!!!"
"vamos mexico, si se puede!!!!"
gooooool mexicooooooo!!!!!!!!
"burrito before my yoga class, ugh! what was i thinking?"
"goooool usa, finally!!!!!!"
good game usa    but i'm so sad now  sad 
why is it so cold in the middle of july? i want sun!
"for some reason i think getting a pedicure will just make everything better, lol"
loving the beatles rockband my sis just got!!
i need help! i don't know what to write in my autobiographical essay  annoyed 
"i'm so excited that tonight will be my last overnight shift, finally some normalcy in my life!!!  smile "
"leaving for mexico city and acapulco today yayyy!!! anyway if anyone needs to contact me in the next 10 days, i'll be checking my email and fb regularly  smile "
"i had an awesome vacation in mexico,  so good to be home though"
"shouldn't take 4 hours to get to san <propmale> from la, hate this traffic!!! and now i'm late for work  sad "
"orientation today then classes on monday, sooo happy to start school again!!!!"
too much hw has ruined my plans for a fun labor day at disneyland    i guess it's ok i've already had an awesome weekend  smile 
"apparently there was a party at my house last night, haha, time to clean up"
"sooo nice to have internet at home    not just the one on my phone, haha"
this heat is making me irritable  annoyed 
i like it on the nightstand
"love my counseling class, very therapeutic      jacuzzi anyone?"
waiting in <propfemale>'s concert line!!!! anyone else here?
wearing my purple  smile 
perfect beach day
off to run for the boobies!!!
at the happiest place on earth  smile 
cant wait for this semester to be over   
why is everyone being extraordinarily nice to me today?? i'm confused
where to study tonight?????
off to celebrate the end of the term!!
is horrible at directions and in life
i need a new laptop!! please share any good deals you know of  smile 
watching step up     looove this movie but its distracting me from my hw!!!
big bear reservations made    sooo excited!!
i'm moving out!!! suggestions?
date night  love 
"i need to stop talking to my dog, i probably sound crazy!"
this is going to be a loooong night!
loving life  love 
