3397062e9864738e8b88354cfd8033f7
happy new year!!! 2010!!!
buenos días : )
very cold day today : )
going bike ridding in the mountains 
movies : )
went bike riding again 
la negra tiene tumbao
perimeter mall today 
washing my car 
out eating greek food : )
stuffed 
jacksonville tomorrow  smile 
chilling in jacksonville : )
back from jacksonville 
mexican food tonight : )
watching univisión 
outlet mall 
back from biking 
concert : )
college orientation today 
got a 5 on his ap spanish test!!!!!!!!!!!!! : )
alive after 5 
<propmale> potter tonight : )
<propmale> potter was awsome 
awesome day at the zoo 
placement test today 
don't know if i wana go down to miami this time 
ah i don't know if i should stay or go!
going 
hanging out at doral resort 
<propmale> 
misses miami like crazy!
at the dentist : (
primos arriving soon!
orientation today   for real this time 
difrutando mis primos : )
tired 
lake today 
so beat 
mall 
family gone : (
bored 
watching movies : )
registering for classes 
looking for my phone 
still can't find it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dinner 
artisan bakery 
eating delicious chocolate ice cream with chocolate chips : )
watching into the pride on animal planet 
"driving my grandparents around town, running errands "
two more days of vacation  sad 
school soon : (
"<propfemale> girl tú me haces sentirrr  como estoy en fuego junto a ti  tú me captivas con tu amor  te quiero dar todo mi calor  mi niña de diamante  si tú eres, si tú eres"
school tomorrow : (
first day of school!
had a good but long day at school 
another good day at school 
school 
just one class at 5: political science 
college : )
no school today : )
dinner then a movie 
just finished my math homework : )
headache that hurts like crazy!
fall is in the air early this year 
awesome day until a rat ran across my foot at a restaurant!
watching old episodes of friends : )
doing homework : )
out to lunch 
political science class 
no school today : )
dinner and a movie : )
had a delicious dinner at sahara : )
saw inglourious basterds which was awesome : )
school 
english class was canceled : )
bored at school  indecision 
roadtrip to <propfemale> : )
walking in the park 
no school thursday : )
jurassic park : )
errands 
at the mall 
had a great night with some old cubans : )
happy birthday <propfemale>! : )
class was not cancelled today! : (
"okay so class was cancelled after all, they just didn't tell us till we got there "
ugh two essays today!
school then the airport - it's gonna be a long day 
friday in miami : )
awesome baby shower : )
leaving miami tonight : (
had an awesome weekend  : )
school from 1 surprise 0 to 6:45 
47 degrees is the low today   unbelievable 
things on my mind that i have to do today: 1  go take picture for my saudi arabia visa application 2  political science from 5 smile 0-6:45 3  put final touches on my research paper 4  study for map test in world history
bored in english class  
fedex lost my fricken passport a week before my trip!
"so much to do, so little time  surprise "
high of 57 today!
has a new cousin!
"will be on an airplane in 48 hours : ), for 13 hours : ("
awesome : ) http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=n06mwf2yq6c
buenos días : )
1  pack  2  get a haircut  3  take midterm test  4  leave to the middle east : )
is in love with dubai  smile 
e playful loring <propfirst> : )
is lovin' the middle east 
biblical sites today : )
looooooooong night 
is gonna be all on his own in dubai for two days : )
hanging out at dubai's festival city : )
is watching the sunset behind the tallest building in the world from his hotel bedroom : )
jet lagged in dubai; i just woke up and it's only 3 in the morning here  sad 
it's a beautiful morning in dubai : )
at the mall downstairs
bored in dubai - never saw that coming 
watch this too! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=hrfjlfyxyla
leaving festival city and switching to the shangri-la hotel 
spent his night at the buddha-bar in dubai : )
just got back from a night in the desert 
off to egypt today : )
can see the nile from his balcony : )
palm trees and mist make for a beautiful morning : )
is spending the day with an egyptologist - another dream come true : )
has met ramses ii and hatshepsut!
is going back to the states : (
on a flight from new york to atlanta
is back home
doesn't feel like going to school right now
meteor shower tonight!
missing cairo
jet lagged and wide awake at 5 am!
"church activity, school then the movies : )"
math  sad 
bored 
school then movies : )
wants to go to the movies 
breakfast : )
working on a photo project for my great-grandmother : )
night out with a friend: )
at church 
no more essays please!
got an a on his research paper!
is gonna be in mia from dec 11-28 : )
math test tomorrow  surprise 
got out of class early : )
it's my birthday tomorrow!
thank you all!
20 years today : )
thank you all!
not another essay!
lunch with my grandparents then school : )
watching the office : )
school 
working on my one   last   essay 
celebrating my dad's birthday
english class was canceled again : )
my great-grandmother turned 90 today!
polys  class was canceled : )
is enjoying the warm <propfemale> weather : )
had an awesome dinner with his mexican friends : )
best weather in the world!
school : )
so much to do and so little time 
too much going on at school!  surprise 
working on my last essay for the semester 
okay english essay and math test all in one day!  surprise 
is dying to go to the andes again!
is at the mall 
went the opera today 
last day of political science class!
happy thanksgiving everyone : )
let the feasting begin!
had a great thanksgiving : )
woke up way to late lol
is going to the mountains today : )
has another big dinner tonight with friends and family 
tuve <propfemale> noche divertida : )
school then an event with nuns 
first final tomorrow  surprise 
is taking a final today  surprise 
school 
is sooooo excited cause i'm taking italian next semester : )
has his schedule for next semester : )
one more week till i'm in miami : )
liked the christmas concert 
lunch with friends and then the mall 
so neverous about tomorrow's final : (
taking my world history final today 
just got another cousin; her name is lucía <propfemale> : )
two more finals tomorrow and then done : )
last day of school  smile 
one more final to go : )
is done with his first semester of college : )
is so sick : (
isn't gonna be able to go down to miami till next week : (
is feeling so much better : )
it's 36 degrees! too cold!
another freezing day 
¡feliz día de la <propfemale> de <propfirst>! : )
is craving <propfemale> tarta de <propmale> : )
is having a boring break so far   
did amazingly well in all my classes this semester : )
meeting up with friends 
wants to get his dna tested to learn more about his ancestry : )
will be in miami in two days : )
loves his grandparents : )
rip <propfemale> murphy : (
one more day till miami : )
loved avatar : )
is in miami : )
had an awesome christmas  smile 
is having an awesome time in miami 
is gonna chill and have a jamaican-venezuelan lunch : )
had an awesome time tonight with my two oldest friends : )
back in atl 
"yo solo quiero pegar en la radio, para ganar mi primer millón, para comprarte <propfemale> casa grande,  en donde quepa tu corazón"
there's frost on my lawn    it's freezing!
is ready start the next decade : )
happy new year from london!
is totally missing dubai : (
"has the best mom in the world, who is also the best cook - she just made us a <propmale> dinner  smile "
it snowed : )
movies : )
nine was awesome
loved los abrazos rotos 
back to school today : )
is loving italian : )
went to confession today : )
no school today : )
movies 
studying for italian : )
bored in english 
school 
looks like i might be heading to mexico soon : )
quiz in math today 
"i just made an i on my math test, i'm sure of it  smile "
quiz today in psychology  sad 
bored at school 
just learned some interesting info about my very rare last name : )
"had the best dinner tonight, made by none other than my grandmother - bacalao a la vizcaína : )"
more snow : )
took the day off today : )
had a bad start today 
has to write two essays by tuesday   ugh 
<propmale> pressure for tomorrow in italian   but i'm not nervous at all : )
finally working on my movie research paper 
it's freakin' cold outside!!!
"boring day so far, let's see how the night goes   "
"poor chile, another earthquake : ("
more snow : )
"i totally just bombed my math test, it was like freakin' hiroshima!"
spring break is finally here!!!
perfec weather outside!
academy awards tonight! i'm rooting for <propfemale> : )
happy anniversary mom & dad!
is dying to go to the canary islands!!!
ho bisogno di fare i miei compiti d'italiano più spesso 
awesome weather!
"loving life, even the difficult parts : )"
"went to confession, took a nap, and now i'm happy energized : )"
in texas 
allergies bite 
lmao when did everyone at school start wanting to be cuban?
stressed!
everything came out well! : )
really needs to finish his essay 
is enjoying his family : )
is ready for a relaxing weekend : )
has the most beautiful sister in the world - have fun at prom <propfemale> : )
got a new phone : )
is exempt from the compass test!!!!!
math final tomorrow!
watched documentaries all day : )
"happy mother's day to the most beautiful, thoughtful, dedicated, and kindest woman in the world: my mom : )"
italian final today!
is done with the semester!
is totally craving paella : (
happy to have my parents back home from spain : )
is so so sick : ( sniffing vicks vaporub 
loves weeds : )
woohoo germany!!!
<propfemale> mexico!
go spain!!!
going to the zoo with my little cousin : )
go germany!
¡¡¡viva españa!!!
way way too hot today 
"hey hello <propfemale>, we are part of the new usa, people, listen people, let us share what we have today    gente, oiga gente, hay que ver   "
"¡gane o pierda, en mi casa está la fiesta españa, te tenemos paella, tapas, migas manchegas, sangria, y <propfemale> flan!"
is really craving some indian food right now  smile 
last math test today before the final 
final today   this is when my summer is starting 
gozando en méxico : )
at the beach  smile 
loves mexico : )
e playful loring chichén itzá and valladolid today  smile 
back home from mexico  sad 
extraño a méxico  sad 
is excited to take music appreciation next semester  smile 
in mia  smile 
is already missing miami  sad 
leaving to amsterdam today  smile 
is loving amsterdam 
e playful loring outside of delft and the hague today 
a little more amsterdam and then leaving for dubai  smile 
in the middle east  smile 
awesome day at dubai mall  smile 
is returning to the desert  smile 
loving dubai  smile   smile   smile 
doesn't want to go home  sad 
just got back home and found out my fish died  sad 
back to school 
has a huge headache from school!
they're remaking titanic in 3-d!
sto cucinando pesto <propfemale> genovese per la cena  smile 
vivaldi's the best 
enjoying my time with my family visiting from venezuela  smile 
"dinner: home fettuccine alfreddo, london broil, toasted bread, delicious salad, and wine =  smile "
"hope i can study in salamanca one day, it looks amazing!"
"i'm so disgusted right now  i don't want to even look at another fast food restaurant  the way they treat animals is beyond repulsive  our food is not natural  totally going organic and everyone else should, too "
happy 18th birthday <propfemale>!
cleaning my car  smile 
just found out that a little thing of 8mm film stored away in my house is actually never before seen footage of my grandparents' wedding in nov 1968!!! i have to have it converted to dvd!!!!!!!
had dinner with <propfemale> ramirez and <propfirst> <propmale> 
enjoying my new job so far  smile 
loooooong day at work
you can totally feel fall in the air today 
another day with awesome weather!
"happy birthday to my mom - the sweetest, most giving, best mom in the world!!! i love you!"
finally got the hope scholarship!
beautiful day 
just had a great night out with my friends!
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes!
happy anniversary to my amazing grandparents! 42 years!
tired of school 
thanksgiving at my grandparents this year  smile 
christmas in england  smile 
thought racism against cubans was dead  sad 
dinner tonight should be interesting 
happy 70th birthday to my wonderful grandpa!
enjoying time with my family on my grandpa's b-day  smile 
did awesome on my italian final! grazie a dio!
driving home all i saw were accidents and heard ambulances    everyone needs to get used to the ice  smile 
is going to donate a share of an alpaca to someone in need  smile 
feels like eating <propfemale> boliche asado  smile 
"work, work, and more work   but i'm loving it  smile "
<propfemale> christmas feliz navidad buon natale  smile 
loves the snow  smile 
off to england  smile 
is finally home  smile 
the office is the best show ever!
feels like eating torta de <propmale>  smile 
loving the snow 
s n o w : )
loves being locked away at home on a snow day  smile 
back to school today  sad 
"love all my classes, especially anthropology  smile "
it's so hard becoming a spanird  sad 
cenando como <propfemale> español <propfemale> noche  smile 
perfect weather today  smile 
wishing i was in london  sad 
looooong day at work 
gonna a have a new cousin by the end of the day!
meeting little <propmale> today  smile 
"la raíz de todas las pasiones es el amor  de él nace la tristeza, el gozo, la alegría y la desesperación \- lope de vega  smile "
loves homemade mexican food 
happy to be in miami  smile 
gozando con la familia  smile 
"loving the perfect weather in miami today, so sad about japan though  sad "
spent an awesome day in islamorada 
gave an awesome speech today on drinking water in public speaking  smile 
happy anniversary to my awesome parents!
<propfemale> noche comeré <propfemale> cena criolla-venezolana con familia y amigos  smile 
rest in peace <propfemale> <propfirst> 
