e1358a7da41e4cc806f213db9f4dd097
i'm all about a <propmale>
i can't get noooo sleeeeepzz!!!
all smiles  smile 
i've developed a strange foreign accent
working shhhh's the troubled brain   
i should start charging for my tarot card readings   but then i'd read my own and it'd probably tell me to stop   
i am woman hear me roar!!
deep sigh   
fantabulous night - time for sleepz!
"it's not an event, it's a process   "
"i would offer you my pulse, i would give you my breath   "
you really don't understand faith until it's absolutely all you have to hold onto   
hit the restart button!
i have an awesome studio room!
spirited away
"\you're so pretty when you're unfaithful to me!\"""""
"hide out time  must recharge  music, tea and bed schtuff   "
"if i could start again, \a million <propmale> away, \i would keep myself, \i would find a way   "
\seems like folks turn into things\,e1358a7da41e4cc806f213db9f4dd097,"works if you work it, so work then working and workers you worth work for work and ya   "
this is sensational!
"just to clear the air for some recent naysayers on my practices annoyed to most practicing occultists, it is simply the study of a deeper spiritual perceived reality that extends beyond the senses or pure reason and science  \ok - there - definition - thanks!"
\she was into s&m and bible studies\,e1358a7da41e4cc806f213db9f4dd097,i'm so fucked in the head right now - please god help us all   
"hey sleep,\i was in bed waiting for you  i had a rough day  it'd be nice if you stopped by for a while  i miss you and can't wait to catch up on those zzz's  \p s  bring a dream if you'd like  something happy & nice  key's under the pillow  see ya soon   \-<propfirst>"
over like 700 songs on my computer  playlist set to random on all i had  somehow manages to play only 3eb for like an hour and half while i was balling my eyes out  our favorite song came on  it's finding the extraordinary in the seemingly ordinary  the little coincidences that really aren't if you're open enough for understanding them  goosebumps of course    
darkness & light - all through the night
hitchiking to broward - need cardboard for sign pleez
i'm allergic to mondays!
looking for a ride to jupiter - escribeme por favor
"i'm around, i'm doing, i breathe air - and carbon monoxide occasionally   "
i ated too much sugarz   ouch!
being on a boat really boosts my appreciation of florida   
i feel it all
back in my little jensen hole   
"autumn has greeted me today  hello october, thanks for the weather  smile "
"10-10-10! my birthday, 90 days and the sunday i internally combust!!!"
give me far away wilderness
hannibal and i are having a heart to heart   
"my mom baked me a red velevet cake with cream cheese frosting, i stuffed my face with sushi and got a video with a cute <propfemale> singing to me all before my actual birthday!\these are all signs that i will e playful lode happily on 10-10-10   "
thanks very much to all  happy indeed  smile 
oh my my i am just overloaded with sweet goodness from many! i had the best day ever  thanks to everyone for their joyous participation and tender wishes  i did not blow up!
"what i'm looking for cannot be sold to me\i wish they all would stop trying,\cause' what i want and what i need\is and will always be free"
i can't help but laugh   
i enjoy floating through both the mainstream and underwater currents 
nearly every serious emotional problem can be seen as a case of misdirected instinct
i love my girlies so much! they make me a happy turd burglar  laugh 
bawled my eyes out last night  thanks björk!!
"heaven's not a place that you go when you die\it's that moment in life when you actually feel alive\so live for the moment"
"i said there'll be no regrets when the worms come \\and they will surely come"
i gotz a phone!!! yay!
"is she weird, is she white\is she promised to the night\and her head has no room"
"get over yourself\just dance through life's misery\let go - see beauty"
job interview friday!!!!
"i have an angel on my shoulder\but a devil in my head"
there is a light that never goes out
anyone wanna make $20 for transport services??
"after years of waiting nothing came\and you realize you're looking-\looking in the wrong place"
"you're not obliged to swallow anything you despise\see those unrepenting buzzards want your life   "
halloween dancer
dorkster girl by day  turtle rescue hero by night
"the shins and radiohead mix playing in background, fresh baked brownies and a secret stash of cigarettes - sunday morning blissfulness   "
i still dream of livin' off the fat of the land   
"i'm gonna take a stab at this\surely we'll be alright"
home alone and bored  where's <propfirst> pesci when you need him?!
"morning comes in paradise, morning comes in light\still i must obey, still i must invite"
every day i miss you
i'm so bored i'm about to start knocking on random doors and asking if people can come out and play  i got sidewalk chalk! we can play manhunt!
magical potions and candlelight
"you're what happens when two substances collide\and by all accounts you really should've died"
so excited for tonight!!!!
twas a grand ol' time!
no goodbyes - it isn't over   
"i was just wondering if you'd come along\hold up my head when my head won't hold on\i'll do the same if the same's what you want"
"met some more lovely and welcoming women last night  so amazed, so blessed   "
underschtand
"in a time warp again, a nostalgic vortex pulling at the heart strings\memory inducing stomach butterflies generated by comforting aromas, haunting melodies and the current weather scheme"
my reflection wraps and pulls me under   
"i don't like snappy, irritable <propfirst> around  she always brings me down and makes me frown   "
morning with the zombies
area 117 - land of the sad and lonely
sushi thai gets me high!
fab five <propmale> told me everybody's high   
3 musketeers is the most disappointing <propfemale> bar in the entire universe
the job calls are rolling in  when it rains it pours! which one do i choose brah?!
"traveling down this road, watching the signs as i go\i think i'll follow the sun - isn't everyone \just following down their own road, watching the signs as they go\i think i'll follow my heart it's a very good place to start   "
"the more i say i should quit smoking the more coupons i get in the mail for cigs\i am no longer afraid of the boogeyman in my closet but more the marlboro man"
i still don't know what being a plant psychic means!
i loved seeing everyone's faces last night  smile  still a happy camper about that  off to work!
"wow, if this was a war <propfirst> just dropped an atomic bomb on my <propfemale>  call it hiroshima ii"
"it's either love or hate\i can't find in between"
"sane, sane they're all insane   \\hanging out the window with a bottle full of rain"
this place is kinda j-u-i-c-y   
"move a muscle, change a thought"
thank you  love 
jazz & metal music are my primary source of vitamin d for drums! the best beats are in these genres and they're quickly absorbed by the ears and into the body for proper nutrition  for your health!
i have my lunch packed and i'm on my way to work  it's in a lunchbox  smile  i feel like a kid   or a construction worker   
"long day in store for tomorrow  hope i don't get that 2 smile 0 feeling  that 2 smile 0 feel is dreadful! you know, the feeling that those 5 hour energy shots have marketed as the worst time in the day? people everywhere just pass out at the wheel, coffee machines in offices around the globe e playful lode, and before 5 hr was created, every cubicle had a cattle prod attached to zap workers back to life    "
"i dreamt i had these magneto like powers and things and people were being uncontrollably pulled to me  it was like i was in this strange force field! i was pretty harmless and would simply meditate to harness my awesome powers which i had newly discovered  unfortunately, these men called me satan started a witch hunt and chased me while trying to light me on fire "
energy  smile  breathe thank you 
i wanna be a little seahorse
if you want to come along i hope you've brought a good shovel   
being ignored really ruffles my feathers
"thanks music, i  love  you"
feeling sickies
eh
my entire upper right side hurts  from my tonsil to my head to my right ear  i'm infected   
having a sickies in bed adult swim marathon  laughter is almost as good as that bubble gum flavored kids medicine   
tired <propmale>
"i no longer suffer from rsi thanks to a new medication called moveadan®  no more right-side tonsil soreness, earache and headache  thanks  moveadan®! side effects may include pizza with the gang after moving a brit through hollyhood in a $19 95 uhaul truck  in labtests moveadan® was 99% effective in treating rsi (right-side infection)  may not be suitable for women with a predisposition for tramp stamp tattoos   "
drifting into oceanspace
i want to buy a truck or suv  if anyone is selling one i am your buyer 
like a cat   on antibiotics   
"every day i wake up and thank the stars above\for sending me a man who i could really love\if only i could convince you to feel the same way\we could be so very happy each and every day"
i keep having dreams where i'm living in new york   
"people are transformed not by being loved, but by the act of loving someone - no matter how hard it is   "
"and there's something wrong in the heart of man\you take it from your heart and put it in your hand"
"insufficient \vacant\unable to forward"
sleep all day
i need some miso soup  me so sick!
"<propmale> cox is the fucking bestest  he is so fucking awesome it scares me  one day i wish to evolve into him and be as good as he is  <propmale> saved me from a car crash whilst i was on fire  <propmale> you are my hero, you inspire me to one day rename myself to <propmale>  great job "
hannibal tripped me
"if anyone has been trying to contact me via phone in the last 4-5 days, i haven't been ignoring you we've both been dead  i will give you the flu through text messaging   "
waiting on the <propfemale>   
but i have special eyes
my computer is infected and i don't know how to fix it  sad 
i'm so far gone now i've been running on empty
i love the smell of books
i'm hiding in a box with cats and a creeper
sick for <propmale> 
lmao good job danny   i have never been facebook raped so hard in my entire life  never again shall i use a bald british man's computer  their sausage banger fingers are only good at mischief!
sugar water and a mayonnaise sandwich
i'm on vacation! road trip  smile 
in the land of peaches and pecans   
world's largest aquarium and world of coca-cola ate my pinky toes today  hiking a mountain tomorrow will devour my feet   
i'm lost in a fractal of time
oh <propfemale>
"he hit me, and it felt like a kiss   "
"i should have followed my own voice, but you're so loud when you sing"
she's a vagabond gypsy nomad who sleeps with a bag packed and her running shoes on   
"after a while you realize time flies, and the best thing that you can do is take whatever comes to you - cuz time flies   "
"dear snow,\hey i've been trying to meet you! i've traveled up north thinking you'd show  i was in <propfemale>, but left too soon  if you don't ever want to see me just let me know, because ironically i'm falling for you - white lovely snow!"
"wow, just entered a debtor named cokeisha into our system at work  and she's been forwarded to us for collections by s&m properties   "
"anything for you - turn my castles blue\turn my bones to sand - just to see you\i'd give you anything   "
"i am an all powerful amazon warrior, not just some sniveling girl"
"sometimes you just gotta dance in your underwear, jump on the bed and scream the lyrics to your favorite tunes   "
"don't want your institution, organization, medicine, violence, physical, mental & spiritual brainwashing and propaganda  your mind is very profitable, and everyone wants a piece of it  only you can control it   and prevent <propmale> fires  "
sorry to anyone who's trying or been trying to get a hold of me via telemaphone  i've been scrimping on minutes if i've even had any  obama changed the plan and now it eats up twice as much for any little communicating i do  i think it's time for a new phone   
i just realized my tv has been on the spike channel for like the last 24 hours  isn't that the man channel?! what's happening to me? why do i do this to myself?!
sometimes it's not important which way you jump - just that you do in fact jump   
meh
"get me away from here i'm dying\play me a song to set me free"
"you cannot lose your mind, which is your ground of being  however, it is quite possible you may lose your brain "
lion is such a delectable delight
loiter the whole day through and lose yourself in lines dissecting love
got new phonez
i love my new phone-sorry obama   
illness loves me on the weekend  the cia could bottle these germs and use them as secret warfare it's so intense   
singing cartoons & helium balloons
omg an aa family guy hah
today put some fire in my shoes
"it's ok, you don't have to say you go to hooter's for the wings"
"every new day brings me a little more hope  smile    \dear hope, please wake me up after 6:45am next time, appreciated thnx!"
feeling peculiar and mushy   
"this is a gift, it comes with a price"
why is everyone on my news feed talking about shit? poop stories galore!
fuck yeah i just got my settlement money!!!  laugh 
i'm in a dancing mood   
yeehaw!!! going to a rodeo with the family ya'll  smile 
omens abound
"uh-oh its friday, you know what that means   "
there must be a light of some kind
two wrongs make it all alright tonight
i woke up excited today  i missed the lil rugrats this weekend  time to play!
headache all day  annoyed \
"you are not your body, and you are not your mind"
i'm part of a complete breakfast
should i travel by plane or train?
i have raffle tickets on sale for drawings on spending time with me  i went to clown college  i am the ultimate awesome now 
trying to get to port st <propfemale> and or <propmale> anytime within the next week or so  any takers? i play good tunes and pay for gas  smile 
it's official  one way train ticket to buffalo for may 25th  so joyous and excited!!!
just got out of yoga and now going for a massage with my mama  que chévere  smile 
could you show me dear-something i've not seen? something infinitely interesting   
grizzly bear why are you so amazing??
"a recent study showed that buffalo's june 2010 unemployment rate was 9 2%  today, the region's largest economic sectors are health care and education  the retail sector of the economy is strong with additional revenue from canadian shoppers who wish to take advantage of the weak <propfemale>n dollar and in 2010, forbes rated buffalo the 10th best place to raise a family in <propfemale>  smile    i cant wait!!!"
renewed vigor
i  love  <propfemale> legrand
just had the scare of a lifetime  parents failed to tell me some random guy was going to be fixing a window  woke up to what seemed to be a stranger breaking in  nearly kicked the guy in the face and i think i swallowed my heart   
spent the entire day running around playing video games and riding attractions at boomer's with my nephew  now i'm supposed to go to an all night laser tag event till 7am with the big kids  what is going on here?!
im ready to get ready 
arroz con leche
what a busy day! sleep never looked so sexy and delicious!
"hands down - i'm too proud for love \though with eyes shut it's you i'm thinking of"
sugar for breakfast!
beach? why the fuck not?! everyone else seems to be going  smile 
"best weekend, very happy  smile "
i think i just heard a grizzly bear track on an adult swim clip  my brain just e playful loded from glee  laugh 
not in the mood
i like singing because i am a bird i am 
give me someone new
"i used to be a tree, but now i am just a stump "
"but most of all don’t forget about the time on the beach\with fireworks above us   "
