b4b677a760ef4413287a3dc06ecdb0e8
bored as hell
stalked livie yesterday  smile 
wondering        is it just me or does miley <propmale> sound like she has a mouthful of shit in her mouth?
bored                  saw a spider on the ceiling earlier                    i wonder where it went
feeling good  playful 
omg <propfemale> pisses me off so much! (my sister)
can't believe school starts up in 9 days kinda happy cuz i'm bored lol 
stressing out over ap english paper  sad 
"getting 4 teeth pulled on monday, just hope they can put me to sleep"
probably should study for a test on monday but i don't feel like it 
oh so tired of school and it's not even second semester ; 
mad at the hole in my sock can't find a sewing <propfemale>  sad 
can't decide if i should study for the act
"the difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant "
new <propfemale> was awesome!
"probably the difference between man and the monkeys is that the monkeys are merely bored, while man has boredom plus imagination "
going to dmacc next semester yay  smile 
bored as hell!
<propfemale> is sleeping over!!!!!!!!!!!!
cuddling with my kitties  playful  sometimes they get on my nerves of how much they want to cuddle grrrr
dreams are illustrations    from the book your soul is writing about you
a lot of people like snow  i find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water
watching a cat attack a ham sandwich    halarious!
oh how i've missed the rain  smile 
reading goverment for 6 hours sucks!
"had a band of brothers marathon tonight  watched all 10, 1 hour episodes in one night  surprise "
can faintlyhear weird music coming from the hoover stadium
it sucks when something you love to do causes you pain  sad 
hates to be confused  sad 
readdy to go home i'm sick of gov
"what if you could go back in time, and take all those hours of pain and darkness and replace them with something better?"
wishes people would understand i am not indecisive by choice    it's an annoyance and great bother to me as well 
love looking back at old memories  smile 
??t? t?? ???? ? ??? ??? ???? t?? ??????? ?? t?? ????? ???
"making a <propfemale> costs two cents, a nkicel nine cents, and that makes no since "
"<propmale> bassett: run for it? running's not a plan! running's what you do, once a plan fails!"
first day of classes went well
i guess someone had to be stupid at our graduation  sad 
some people just don't get the hint
"there is no \we\"" in summer  only \""u\"" and \""me\"""""
people can be dumb sometimes
"if you ever need an outfit to match that stick up your ass, give me a call"
"treating the whole world as if it works for you doesn't suggest you're special, it means you're an ass"
"cleaned out the fridge today, ew is all i can say "
"time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils    "
people need to learn to mind their own damn business
flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss
i have to get up way too early tomorrow  sad  at least i get tuesdays and thursdays off  smile 
waiting for time to pass and it's going slowly  sad 
mothers say the darndest things!
can't wait to go home and relax!
"i like fall, but i hate the allergies that come with it"
new cell number 3436703
"fell down the steps off of my deck, ouchy  crying "
"can't believe it's already thanksgiving, time goes by fast!"
"so bored, nothing to do!  sad "
got all b's for grades yay  smile  hopefully i can do as well next semester when i have calc
"curiosity killed the cat, but for a while i was a suspect"
waiting for my next class and i'm bored 
bummed that my ipod is dead  sad 
frustrated that my left earbud won't stay in my ear!!!!!!
tgif!!!!!
