bd6a656189621c7f9fdefba39f86cf03
enjoying the end of an amazing week  going to san <propfirst> with 2 amazing women of god great friends 
working with <propfemale> today  feel free to text 
is ready for more truth  no matter what it takes to find it 
is on a holy spirit rush 
cant wait till my life fits in a back pack 
what would your life look like if you were 10 times more courageous?
may the knowledge of the <propfemale> increase 
just got accepted to bssm!!!!! woot woot!!!
is ready for more  and more    and more    and more   
thinks that <propfirst> greens live album might be the most wonderful album ever 
is so trance'n right now 
"\you will not be controlled     you live in the tension of creation     you decide whats beautiful \"""""
contemplative meditation 
2-0 usa? the lord loves our country      and soccer     and futbol
get some <propfemale> 
lets get together and feel the lord 
"i love, i love  i love your presence "
i'm strung out on him 
i'm in love with a man 
tomorrow = <propfemale> <propfirst> 
had an epic nap  still trancing 
good thing i'm a morning person     and i'm to tranced out to care 
im ready for an espresso and a scone  and most importantly some contemplative prayer 
contemplative meditation 
is sooo captivated  i will never be let go 
just watched the <propfemale> bride with the family  minus <propmale> 
"\for christ will appear in some chosen vessels to bring into the promised land the new creation state \"""""
cant stop listening to songs of water  i am so lost in love itself 
lunch break  fun 
first shower since saturday = epic 
is going to bed too late 
beautiful man!!!!! fully divine!!!! fairer than the sons of mannnnnnnn!!!!
if everything is paid for and there is nothing to purchase  could i possibly give everything i have received? o how sweet and lovely it is to give away everything 
is ready to go backpacking with jesus 
is wondering what today holds  how much jesus can fit into a day  but we must realize that the day it self beholds jesus 
jesus is the love of my life forever  i feel so enveloped in truth i feel like preaching  anyone care to listen?
had a dream i was holding hands with an otter while swimming  any interpretations?
"\behold he comes with clouds with eyes like a flame of fire burning <propfemale>  his reward is with him and out of his mouth comes a sharp sword with which to judge the nations \"" best song ever!!!"""
who wants to go to the river today???? going to new spot near mosquito bridge  let me know 
"redding? yea, why not?"
alright lets hear some divine supernatural rest prayers for <propfirst> 
hopefully will leave after only a 8 hour day so i can nap with jesus 
last night was one of the craziest nights corporately worshiping god
its all about jesus 
totally now has ihop <propfemale> albums 2-25 on his computer     now all i need is an ipod 
taking a break from work  maybe ill take off at 630     hopefully <propfirst> doesn't find out   
working   ish  going golfing after work  so tired     pray for supernatural energy 
hanging out with the family again  bbq before bother my brothers take off 
come to <propfemale>'s dessert cafe tonight at 7pm  for live music and a great atmosphere 
anyone got a record player they will sell me?
thinking of a couch surfing journey    
off work  where will my day take me today  jesus guide my feet 
just bought a chemex  woot!
just finished adjusting the valves on the vw  now its time to go to work 
at work  wanting to finish reading new mystics  i cant wait till im off work 
is getting a free massage tomorrow  i am blessed 
charismatic catholics are crazy 
god is hilarious 
i am awake  what are we going to do today god 
ready for another day of work 
when jesus is everything  there is nothing 
let everything go that hinders you from grabbing the only hand that matters 
"breakie break lunch break  long hours, lots of jesus = a good day "
mute math new album august 18 
time to do it all over again 
my boss gave me a wedgie  and i love him 
its time for rest 
contemplative meditation 
im in the best mood ever  ever!!! jesus is amazing  period 
new phone  lost <propfirst>  text or call if you would like me to be able to contact you  530-363-8843
new phone  if you want me to be able to contact you text or call  530 363 8843
is very tired  only an hour and a half left of work  thank you lord for a job  leave a week from saturday to drive across the country     again 
i'm runnin' it bloodshot fanatical  can't take a sabatical  won't make this mathematical  i'm runnin' straight bloodshot 
i forgot to put deodorant on this morning  anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
is feeling really on top of things today  maybe that 15 mile bike ride yesterday is the answer to all my troubles 
off work  good this is there will be no traffic  prayerfully 
is home  cleaning organizing  getting ready to move to redding 
im so in love with jesus 
lazy weekend 
listening to songs of water 
i think fiberglass is amazingly cool  but i dont like the messiness of it 
about to pass out     maybe one more round with the rubiks cube 
just woke up in new jersey  now off to work!
is home!!!!!!!!!
"was attacked by a ferociously, adorably cute dog this morning who missed me  i am loved "
i awake and ready to play some golf     but where is my dad?
is thoroughly enjoying a yo-yo 
time for bed      maybe ill solve the rubiks cube one more time before bed 
another lovely morning with jesus 
mutemaths youtube account is suspended     sad
bloodsport=bad acting horrible cinematography but some how the plot just gets you 
is packing for the move to redding  i leave sunday  if you want to see me before i leave  come visit me!!!!!
amazingly blessed night  god is good  period 
and i will be living in redding in approximately 8 hours 
is still in redding 
still cant believe that he is in the school of supernatural ministry  epic 
seems to be getting tested in the area of faith in god as my provider 
new number!!! 530 436-love
got google voice woot!!!
playing around with google voice 
i am the fragrance of christ!!!!
is still in ashland or  god is good 
doing homework with shylah-rae!
in <propfemale> <propfirst>  heading back today 
heading to sac area tomorrow!
at my parents house 
got my passport  world here i come 
sitting at the rents house 
just preformed surgery 
you own at life 
what to do today     
wants to go to <propfemale> soooooooo bad 
my brothers online from iraq!!!! praise god 
anyone else going to be in tahoe for thanksgiving?
went on a bike ride with my dad today on the trails around the corner from our house  i love the <propmale>  i love my dad  i love jesus 
happy thanksgiving to all my friends that i love and miss  i am so thankful for all my amazing brothers and sisters  i wouldn't be the same person without you all!!!!!
made it home 
hangin with the parents for the last night  be back in redding tomorrow 
be back in redding late 
the gb breathed her last  at least with this engine 
i love life and love  and all that it brings me 
i am called to be known  but not to be known 
is 
walked across land  traveled through seas  caves and shipwrecks all to save the <propfemale>  mission succesful 
woot 
is wrecked on the fact that jesus is like    yea 
hanging with jct  he is amazing 
is confused by whether i want to get married or not 
found out i'm going to lake tahoe monday-wendsday 
add me on skype if you haven'y alreay  ellisrobbieiii
is home and wow is jesus good!!!
tahoe and back in a day  had fun driving through the snow  love jesus  mmmm 
read or play piano?
wishes he could be reading sundar singh's teachings right now 
christmas <propfemale>  jesus is soooo lovely  mmmm  i can't wait to see him face to face 
about to go four wheeling and shoot my dads winchester 30-30 lever action rifle  i love our christmas traditions 
christmas dinner = beef wellington 
is about to crawl underneath the beetle  poor little car    jesus owns 
so how beautiful is jesus?
it's going to be a good day 
wants to leave the house but has no car to do such things    
watching lakai fully flared  get some!!!    jesus owns 
what to do what to do     i know!!! love jesus all day 
is ready for the day  <propfemale> will be here this evening! woot woot!
needs to stop sleeping in 
going to shoot the 30-30 then to <propfemale> <propfirst> 
rang in the new year with a cigar sitting in a hot tub while the snow was falling    
grrrowllll 
has all my homework done  now if i just had money for tuition    
getting ready to step out on another cloud of faith  here i come god 
i love jesus  wow he is epic 
today was beautiful  found out i'm an enfj 
doot do dadda do dat dat daaa  squeekidy splat dip dattidy plap dap daa
wishes i could go to haiti and help out     
so to find my only provider is jesus is not to push everything away  but to pull him closer into every situation and decision that concerns every day life  oneness with gos is vital to dependance on god 
great weak with <propfirst> <propmale>!!!! one more day to come out to redding if you need a healing!!!! saw 6 people have metal dissapear and people to bend move like they couldn't before!!!! god is good!!!
i like the oneness 
pancakes and waffles in your pockets man 
just got the book culture of honor today  woot woot 
going to <propfemale> tomorrow to minister to a couple churches  god is good and hilarious  i love random trips with jesus 
had a wonderful night ministering in washington  the whole place was covered with a passion and fire for god  12 people got healed  and i was tossed on jesus 
on the road again  o how i love to travel 
in seaside at my grandpa's  grandma is doing pretty good  love and miss everyone  hope i get a <propmale> to see my oregon friends 
time to enjoy the nw  going to eat some goat sausage soon  mmmmmm
"had the manliest day in a long time  ran a chainsaw, chopped wood, and ran excavator  love my family "
i want a black taurus 1911 with wood grips    
is going to be in downtown astoria 
boomskees 
what should i do tonight   
i love love  it is delicious  this week is epic!!!!     wait     this life is epic!!!
i love i love  i love your presence 
working security at jesus culture     ish
i love life  and friends  and jesus  and you!!!!!
successfully washed a shirt today    
is playing tonight at 7 at the fox den 
at school 
does anyone have pants in their pockets??
culture night at <propfemale>  get to eat dried whale and who knows what else   
your awesome and your my <propfirst>!!!!!!!
is sooooo good  period 
is thankful for all things but one thing i am especially thankful for is the best i've had in i have no idea how long 
long boarded all day    mostly   smile  so good 
it's going to be a good day  i'm lost in love with god  i hope i never find my way 
not to long before the <propfemale> takes place!!!!!!
fun long day  skating yesterday was legit  i think it's nap time 
my butt is asleep     what an awkward feeling    
loves having friends who take professional quality photos of you   smile 
woke  had like 5 crazy dreams  not sure what i'm going to do today but i know it will be filled with jesus 
"your dreams <propfemale> wait  the heart of the righteous will prosper and see the <propfemale> of the lord  i see you as a wonder in the eye of god  you are the <propfemale> that glistens as he gazes upon the earth  peace will be your path and understand your weapon  prov 12v18 \   but the lips of the wise bring healing \"""""
boom 
"dear rain, thanks for like ending the drought and what not  but why rain on my dy off  being carless isn't fun when it's raining to hard to walk anywhere    but note that i still love you "
get whacked  stay whacked  and whack others 
long boarding monday night whos down?
washing clothes 
real men fold clothes 
second year interview in 33 minutes   smile 
now to enjoy a beautiful day in the sun with my beloved jesus 
ultimate frisbee at 3 
worked on cars all day   smile 
lake <propfemale> only needs 42 more feet to be full  let it rain lord!!!!!
is going to see what this whole working out thing is all about    
boom  thats  how the <propfemale> is 
rocket man = one of the greatest movies ever 
found out today     the vw is officially dead       sad 
i leave for mexico at 330 am  keep me in your payers  god is going to do great things 
leaving for mexico 
in <propfemale>  want to go back across the border    
is back in redding  crazy mexico stories  god is good  and i want to go back like   12 hours ago 
is about to make a blueberry waffle  i love ________ 
loves the mornings and loves you!!!!!
has newsboys take me to your leader stuck in my head    
"\tell me all your ones and zeros \"" - <propmale> stinton"""
why do i want to go to bed earlier after we spring forward?
installing native instruments kontakt 4     finally 
really wants a canon 7d  or another high end camera      i recieve lord   smile 
guinness anyone?
is at the parents house!!
my brother gave me his old laptop  thank you jesus!!!
found the tipping point for a golf cart with my brother today  funny thing is i played better golf after we tipped it back over 
is convinced <propmale> is not better than pc if you know what your doing   smile 
miss people  love people  want more hugs     
i love it  all of it  i want to e playful erience it all  but mostly i love you 
being super geeky   
living the good life is living a life out of control but covered in the peace of god  -<propfirst> vallotton 
"apparently is taking on the 36\ inch pizza challenge with some friends!"""
is rediscovering the things that light my heart on fire  and opening crates that have yet to be discovered   
is going roller skating with the revival group! jesus owns 
<propmale> worley!!!! yea!!!!
i need a shower      but then again    i am super lazy 
i want to e playful erience it all  i want to e playful erience you 
mexico reunion meeting today  e playful and your mind to accept that which he finished at the beginning 
worship  word  firetunnel worship   soooooo good  love <propmale> worley  love jesus  love you!!!!
i absolutely love this weather!!!! god is sooo awesome!!!
is watching spinal tap for the first time 
you are a radar detector 
i'm alive inside  dreaming ignites who i am 
will be back in el dorado country this weekend 
yann tiersen owns 
is at the parents house 
for all those who have skype and we aren't friends      it's ellisrobbieiii
wondering what the weekend holds   
arggghh it's good to be a pirate 
it's snowing outside  should have half a foot atleast in the morning    smile 
grrr
now has the legend of <propfemale> link to the past on my computer   smile 
i do work 
dad's birthday  going out to some reastaurant  then to heart for the kids  going to be awesome!
just installed cleanmem 
back in redding 
good day with a good walk and good coffee and good friends  my god is good 
going to have delicious coffee with a delicious friend 
working on the generals project 
lake <propfemale> is less than 18 feet from the top!!!!!!
what to do what to do  praise the lord with something new!!!!
hahahahah it's finished!!! he did it he did it!!! ahahahha wow  god is so legit  i'm going to go celebrate what he has done
doing the general thing 
why do they make it so hard to searh for my ancestors and relatives      orwhy do they try and make me pay money 
7 out of 10 assignments done 
really wants to do the running of the bulls  whose with me?
time for sleep  then it's homework  packing  arcata  i can't seem to stop traveling
going to be a long and amazing day weekend 
in arcata  going surfing today 
talking to my brother in germany  wish i had this supernatural transportation down so i could visit him 
watching a video of <propfirst> mills on a negative blog site  thanks for posting it!!!!!
he rescued us from the claim of darkness and ignorance and transferred us into the kingdom where the love of his son rules  col 1:13
breathe in the breath of god today  inhale his truth  inhale the good news  enjoy the ease of the gospel  and celebrate what christ has done for you  ephesians 1:6  his grace-plan is to be celebrated: he greatly endeared us and  highly favored  us in christ; his love for his son is his love for us 
"good day  jesus, your delicious "
life is an adventure  why aren't you living it?
got blessed with a skateboard  hallelujah!!!! also had a fun sesh at <propmale> 
is officially accepted into second year  woot woot!
meet me at <propmale> park in about 30 <propfemale>  do it!!!!
is loving this <propmale> deez album 
"ekki <propfemale> hrædd, þú ert bara með augun lokuð  is by far my favorite track by mum  only if i knew what it meant      "
this is pants 
don't pass up this goodness  it's eternal 
col  2v6  your daily walk is  no different from that initial embrace when you  first understood your divine  association in him 
thank you <propmale> stinton for showing me <propmale> rice 
come on sharks 
all i know is that sharks are ahead 2-0 in the series 
is watching outsourced 
about to watch slum dog millionaire with a friend 
has blisters on the worst place of his foot     
streaming the sharks game on my computer  it's commercialless so i can here the tech guys talking where the commercials should be   smile  i love technology 
epic day  you just wouldn't understand  or your crazy like me 
super busy day  if anyone wants to come longboarding with a crew of 5 so far around 10-1030 tonight give me a call  530 363 8843
how come more guys don't tell women how beautiful they are?
if your reading this  you are a gorgeous person 
wow  i'm gonna miss all you bethelites and soon to be alumni  know that you  will always be win my heart  god is good  period 
bbq with beautiful people 
loves the feel of my tattoo under my finger tips
giraffes? giraffes! owns 
todays gonna be a good day 
life is so sweet  i'm the most blessed man i know 
mustache graduation anyone?
if i started a dance party home group next year     would you be in?
mmmm your delicious 
dodge ball was epic yesterday  way to go team 
hmmmmm      castle crags tomorrow  soooo00o0o0o0o delicious  just like you 
my parents will be arriving in redding in a couple hours 
ad me on skype ellisrobbieiii
i think i beat everyone else home   
loves you 
i am a lover  thats who i am 
needs god to heal my phone  or just a new one 
hmmmm 
eating an it's-it 
epic day!!!
mums birthday  time to clean house 
my dog thinks i'm delicious 
watching <propmale> welk with my parents 
and the journey begins 
is offically in oregon  la grande to be specific 
got the <propfirst> s  way translation for 6 bucks at a book store   smile 
starts his new job in an hour 
isn't feeling to well   
jesus owns  broke into my apartment today 
is now running on linux  so far    i'm in love 
"the moment\ we reduce relationship to a recipe we lose spontaneity and intimacy "
did you know that     
yepp     love 
so my supervisor told me yesterday that i'm doing a great job and that i'm making his job a lot easier  hahahahhah <propfemale>!!!!!
the more i learn and ubuntu the more i love it  (i wonder how many people understand what i'm talking about and how many people are looking up ubuntu on google right now     )
covered myself in a layer of sweat     and you know it was a good day of skating 
getting used to work  getting ready to write a letter to someone on the other side of the country   smile 
crazy sporatic weather today 
going to work shortly 
today is going to be epic  my jesus told me so 
best day of skateboarding in a long long long long time if not ever 
phase 3 of most epic day ever  commence!!
penalty kick by ghana = legit 
keep on rollin  keep on rollin  oooooo00oooo00oo00o  wish i had my long board    
i realised this morning  that your awesome!!!!
they need to more cheese in <propmale> n cheese   
17 hours of sleep in 3 nights  i got this  thank god for a body that likes mornings and can function on limited amounts of sleep 
just found out that there is a city named sandwich in the uk  i must go there 
wants a motorcycle  anyone giving one away? don't care if it needs work 
usa should've won     but we will be good sports and just play the next match and the top of our game 
playing 9 ball by myself 
wow  way to go denmark 
"\happyness isn't real unless it's shared \"""""
apparently i have a bug annointing  to minister to random bugs and encounter them at random times  for instance i felt something on my neck and it was a little beetle  so i'm holding him and i set him on my laptop and he decides it's a good idea to crawl through my ethernet port into my computer    i hope he is alright   
playing bass tonight  it's been awhile but i think i'll do alright   
if your reading this  then i love you  and your amazing 
absolutely loved the fantastc mr  fox  super cute movie 
"probably the third time i've posted this quote  but i love it  \those who are willing to go too far  will see how far one can go \"""""
how is it that your so awesome?!!? o yea!!!! you were made for <propfemale>!!!
time to enter into the dream world     gonna be so epic 
world cup today!!!! come on usa!!!!!!!
can you feel the anticipation rise!!?!?!? world cup!!!! woot woot!!!!
goall!!!!!!!!!
watching top gun  worked on a 64 chevy today  total man day 
did you know that a mongoose  can shoot lazer beams underwater?
"me\hahah\beach?\montana?\isn't that an oxy moron  \5:59pm ruth\it's a recreational pond with gravel around \it   so we call it the beach"
i win!!!!!
sometimes i can be a cotton headed ninny muggins 
this pear is so delicious  it's as if jesus' arms were branches and he produced this one just for me   smile 
i have become the guy that lowballs everything that interest me on craigslist     even if i don't have money   
work 
phone died       probably won't be getting another one for awhile     i'll keep you posted 
wow  you are gorgeous 
thank you <propfirst> webster for the inspiration that anything is possible  your a legend 
an epic week end this will be 
less then 36 hours till i will be on a wave 
surfing was amazing this morning  so good to just be out on the water!
is hangin with <propmale> barkemeyer in astoria  good times 
back in la grande 
back to the daily grind  and unfortunately i don't mean skateboarding    
it's pear eating time  followed by god knows what 
skateboard on your face!!!
breathe in ecstacy 
why am i looking up jedi costumes?
hallelujah!!!!
if you only knew how much he delights in you being you 
breathe in your salvation 
i'm so addicted to change!!!! i love it!!!!!
can you feel potential for a great day? make it happen 
question  when you skateboard (or any physical activity)  and you literally get a layer of sweat on you  then it dries and then you get get active again and you covered in another layer  is that the same layer? or are you putting on layers of sweat as if it's clear coat?
wants to be in redding with friends so we could go to the like   but i'm stuck in oregon by myself without a car    
ladies and gentlemen  i love you  
i say tomato  you say tomahto  i say why the heck did you put an h in it and totally mispronounce it 
watching for a few dollars more 
i suck at falling asleep when it's hot 
dreaming  always dreaming  never stop dreaming  lack of dreams kills an adventurous heart 
why did i get the only apartment without a c?
can you believe someone want to through away a perfectly good set of christmas tree dinnerware?! don't worry i saved em 
<propfemale> kornfeld gave me a new <propmale> name  ro mi el  i kinda like it   
just placed my deposit for 2nd year!!!!
wow! god just won't stop blowing my mind  plans are forming  things are taking shape  all for his <propfemale>  p s  he lives inside me!!!!
          i'm gonna be honest  i can't remember the last time i wasn't intoxicated on his passionate love 
dreamy dream dream dream      mmmmm i can't stop dreaming   smile  it just taste sooooo good 
i hate clothes 
playing at open mic friday in la grande 7pm at the white house coffe shop  whos coming?
so my board is breaking in 3 place  must land bolts everytime  and no more k-flip front board attempts   
don't enslave yourself to your perceptions 
good bye cruel word      hello heaven on earth!!!!
the dream is growing     thats 3   
inception was good  i wouldn't say it was the best movie ever  but definitely a good watch 
skate comp anyone? why not     
skate comp canceled       i guess i'll go church instead 
sausage  beans  guinness  a perfect meal 
good thing i think sleep is over rated    
if you were here right now  i would hug you 
"\yo it's 3030 i want ya'll to meet deltron zero    \"""""
more than you'll ever know  but how much can you learn?
another provocative question from <propfirst>  how much do you want?
everything you could ever fathom is nothing compared to the vast knowledge and wisdom that lives in you 
the one pair of shorts i own don't have holes in it i've had the longest and i paided $50 for     thoughts?
shape the world or watch someone else shape it for you 
finally going camping in la grande  my adventurous heart will be revived  so you in a couple days fb people 
camping so going to be sooo awesome 
watching stripes 
was ahead of zach by 72 points on scrabble and he forfeited   
just watched the curious case of <propmale> button      i think i might have something wrong with my tear ducts    
i pray for favor in you on you and that the favor of god will go before and behind you and into every area of your life 
it's to believe who you are  and live for today 
live a life excited for the future  if you aren't excited for the future  let yourself dream and think of the great things to come 
camping again?!?!?! two weeks in a row  of course i will 
"dream with me, dream for the years  dream for the laughter  dream away your tears!! dream with me  dream for today "
so apparently my birthday falls on retreat week at school again      ):
had an extensively long dream where i was watching a <propmale> eastwood movie  it was pretty epic 
i think zach <propmale> finally gave up playin me in scrabble    
it's not over till you want it to be  life continues and grows  the options an possibilities e playful and with you not from you  where and what is next is an option no one can decide but you  dream bigger than you have ever dreamed before  and make efforts to obtain those dreams  live life to the fullest  do everything imaginable and unimaginable  coming back down is optional  reaching the top is vital 
pray for a financial outpouring 
there is a folk band playing in the coffee shop! soooo legit!
pray for my brother  he is in the hospital with a broken arm and possible nerve damage  his name is <propfirst> <propfirst>
hold on just a second don't tell me this one  you know i know this one i love this song 
playing at the white house coffee house tonight at 8ish 
"i've seen life\i've seen fruit\i've seen love\i've seen right through\the tools of \the worlds lying truth\and i fall\right into    your arms\arms\arms"
i want to be known for valor and integrity 
just watched the usual suspects for the first time  great movie 
is trying to figure out the next move   
so they didn't have peant butter panda puffs     so i had to get peanut butter puffins      sad day 
can you feel it? you where made for this moment 
the meaning of life is to grow  to not be confined but what we can imagine or logically conlude from our surroundings but to stretch our capacity of thoughts  to learn grow change live and love  don't be stagnant  a stagnant lake turns into a cesspool     
perception is everything  open yourself up to the perception of others to understand them  and the perception of god to help the 
well     i guess it's time to skate    
redding  you valiant warrior for the kingdom  i will join you tomorrow and ride for the son!
thank you for the warm welcome redding!!! it's good to be back! i'll see you at the lake tomorrow!!!
jesus is sooooo good  amazing day at the lake thank you everyone who came out!
played tennis for the first time ever with <propfemale> downs  it was a blast 
what does today hold? probably some coffee    definitely some good friends  and maybe a motorcycle 
about to eat some home made carne asada  ohhhhh <propfemale>!
i love you soooo much!!!!
hmmmmmmm     
anyone has about size 9 5 soccer shoes they aren't using?
longboard  river trail  guitar  book 
just pick up @<propfirst> <propfirst> from the airport 
i can hear cpsp calling my name    i will answer that call tonight   smile 
cpsp i'm coming for you!!!
my life is epic 
going to work at sg studios inc  and you know it's going to be a good day 
just got back to the parents  long day of work  felt soooo goood  tomorrow is another excited day 
can't sleep     waking up in 5 hours      gonna be fun 
working like crazy  losing sleep  only going to get crazier  why do i enjoy this?!?! i don't know but i love pushing my limits 
i went to the      danger zone!!!!
is tired  long day 
is anyone planning on going to sac airport on the 5? need a drop off not a pick up   
install day at an <propmale> gallery for <propfirst> grammer  it's gonna be awesome!!
"watching \the boy with the incredible brain\"" again  sooooo good """
going to banquet dinner tonight with delaney <propfemale> <propmale>  got the pair of 100 dollars tickets for free     favor! going to be a blast      also hair cut 230   
is not happy with his hair cut       wow 
time to get ritzy  
coming back to redding  bringing my mom with my to church tonight!!!
in redding  anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
will be in north <propfemale> on monday 
i don't want to have an adventure  i want to be an adventure 
leaving for nc in the morning  be back wednesday night  love you all!!!!
anyone feel like paying for my second year tuition so i don't have to  it would be much appreciated 
how epic do you want your life to be? then do what it take to make it so  stop waiting  start doing 
"\do one thing everyday that scares you \"" -<propfemale> <propmale>"""
anyone in redding have att phone sitting around that they aren't using? mine is set to break in half any day now    
opportunity is missed by most because it wears overalls and looks like work  ~ <propfirst> <propmale>
phone is dying more and more every day!!!! does anyone have an old att phone?!
yea for a new phone thank you jesus!
love more than you are shown love 
look at them shine  ahh  look at them shine
love  it is really that simple 
about to go to bed after staying up all night playing halo:reach with <propfirst> tussing 
"\life is either a great adventure or nothing at all \"" -<propfemale> keller"""
when it's utterly perfect you'll be surprised how much better it gets 
going to spain in november!!!!  smile  gonna be a blast!
your so awesome!!! give me a hug!!!
birthday party tomorrow  it's gonna be insane!!!
<propfirst> orley is in town for my birthday party!!! she surprised me  soooo happpyyyyy  smile   love  life and  love  you <propfirst>!!!!
has been hunted by the number 44 more than usual in the past week    
today i leave for retreat  going to be awesome  i love everyone!! but especially <propfirst> orley      smile 
i love life  sometimes it's hard to believe how blessed i am 
bonfire with the lady? yes please  amen 
"<propfemale> gazed at a ski resort  made eye contact with an owl  encountered a suicidal raccoon     he didn't make it  went wine tasting  failed to have a bonfire, yet enjoyed the darkness  all in all, a fantastic weekend with <propfirst> orley "
800 dollars by friday to stay in school and another 150 to stay on the trip for spain      sounds like a job for god!!!!!
living is worth living  even when things shift  if we change our perception to receive the positives  we set ourselves up for life 
skatepark activation is going to be so amazing!!! anyone got some wood they wanna donate so i can build some skate boxes?
my parents destroy your parents in the cool race 
samurai <propfirst> with <propmale> <propmale> anding 
i love <propfemale> lighthouse  and everyone in it 
"and my life owns   smile  jesus is epic  and today is a glorious day  \\p s  i love you "
be an optimist  it makes life more enjoyable  and studies show that it relieves stress!!!
bahahahahahahahahahahaha wow 
i longboarded so much today my legs feel like i'm still carving        smile 
jesus loves me so much 
soooo i'll be skateboarding in spain in little over a week  jesus    i need a new board before i go 
just when you think it was all coming together    
phone is off 
spain trip  paid for!!!! thank you jesus!! and apparently i'm the drummer for the trip  hahahahahah
i miss my curls   
i'm in spain   smile 
wishes he had a skateboard in madrid     jesus  i ask that i be provided for   smile  amen 
"spain is amazing  amazing people  amazing friends  like <propfirst> ethridge,     and maybe <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> "
i love walking down alleyways and into hole in the wall shops where you don't speak the language and without a translator  succesful day in madrid 
today we lay my laptop to rest      ): dear lord please provide for another one  one that is better then the last  amen 
oh my sweet lord jesus  today was sooo amazing  <propfemale> <propfemale> hallelujah  tomorrow  back to centro madrid  and more good times at el tigre with kayo zukowski 
computer diagnosis  broken hard drive  is it worth the money to put a new one in a 5 year old laptop?
loves having a professional piercer for a friend 
walk throughout the whole earth together  and discover the gems 
wonders if eating frosting that says it e playful ired in july is bad for me    
loves having dreams and skateboarding  i always am so clean   smile 
mmmhmmm
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yyeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
still waiting on my full beard  jesus  you gave me dreams in the night  and i know it's your will  i command my beard to grow in jesus name!!!
what's with these homie's dissing my girl?
discover life 
bleehhhhhh     i love life 
snow is falling and my heart is happy 
dont you hate getting profile hacked on fbook? <propfirst> sure does   
hmmmmm hava grab givens  lovva lap flicks 
don't you hate it when friends take awesome pictures of you  and you can't decide which one or if you should replace your profile pic with one 
i want to travel and never stop   
about to defeat ganondorf listening to local natives 
time for a shower and to get dressed    then go for a walk with dogs and my dad 
putting a board together after way to long without one  free board favor is amazing! i am loved!
cuter than a button i am 
so today i will skate  it has been too long  my heart is happy 
oh my good lord today was a good day of skating  one of the best days of skating ever  i think it's cause of the bingaman board   
turkey day     i'm gonna be stuffed 
thanks giving part deuce 
it's time 
"if your reading this    i want a hug, stat!!!"
arrived in barstow 
thumbing it to sd tomorrow 
it's too cold to get out of bed  or should i transfer bedding to couch       
in sd 
doing 
can't stop looking at <propmale> 
my brain hasn't felt so free in too long 
is watching the little mermaid for the first time 
i'm a bit wacko    d:
<propmale> is living and active  and speaks louder than words 
hhheeellllloooooooooo nnurrse!!!!!!
my heart is happy  time to skate 
i'm here to help 
anyone feel like paying for my ticket to disneyland 
you ever just want to share a moment with someone?
should i just delete the people i knew in highschool if they don't wanna talk when i send them a message?
in case anyone is wondering what i want for christmas  a plane ticket to madrid would be perfect   smile 
to shower and get dressed or not to 
my life is a journey  an e playful loration of cultures 
needs a new computer  this old beast has served me well but can't handle it 
goodbye san <propmale> 
and another board bites the dust    
is at apu leave for redding tonight  be home late 
on my way to redding  phone is dead  i'll arrive around 330  yay!
is in redding  i  love  wool socks 
oh hahahahaha how i love a good rickroll  for you that don't know what a rickroll is  this article will help e playful lain it 
"friend: \nice! bringing back watching skate videos \""\",bd6a656189621c7f9fdefba39f86cf03,mom got tired of her jailbroken iphone do she gave it to me      <propfemale> christmas 
i am me 
mmmm burnt popcorn    
i hate myself and my stoooooopid mustache 
i love having a mustache 
possible new years resolution    not drink anything from starbucks for a year    
if life is for living  what are you waiting for?
deadmau5 computer repair party going on right now in my room 
not going to type it     
nothing says christmas like chorizo and eggs   smile 
if you are ready this  than know i miss you     *tear
yet another computer repair dance party  these would so much more fun if i wasn't alone     oh well!!!
yo gabba gabba on your face 
dear jesus  please send me a girl with a voice like the girl from feist  amen 
because the movie the godfather teaches about respect and inheritance 
feist and chocolate chip pancakes 
anyone want to go geocaching?
on the hunt!
"repost this: to let others know this seriousness of rogue unicorns  rogue unicorns are running around untamed and harming thousands on a weekly basis  if we the people of facebook won't speak up  who will? 85% of people reading this will be too afraid to repost, fearing the unicorns    "
it's impossible to tell of a surfers sunrise 
my best friend just got engaged  so stoked for you <propfirst> tussing
it's time 
is reading <propmale> quixote 
time to downsize?
i just got poked for the first time on facebook in god knows how long  i didn't know you could still do that   
thank you everyone for poking me to prove that poking is still available on facebook     i had doubts about posting that   
freia melkesjokolade makes me happy   smile 
eating chocolate chip pancakes and watching animaniacs with <propfirst> tussing
a little bit of clarification for those who are curious  i am not in second year  it was my choice god is doing some great things  in the past 2 weeks i have had 4 skateboards and a surfboard givin to me by people from around the world that don't know each other  and i never asked for anything  i'm following the favor and looking for a job 
okay     sooooo where next?
wants to ride my brand new skateboard  jesus  please make it <propfemale> and dry tomorrow 
"i love reading that \the packers are the most dangerous team in the playoffs \"""""
it is impossible to tell of a surfers sunrise 
so the zodiac signs changed    i guess i need to change who i am and my moods to align with the universe says i am 
i'm so sorry taste-buds    tuna hot sauce and lawry's sounded like something that would go well with top ramen   
wishes i had someone to watch football with  
i want more photos of me skating    any wanna go take some 
"for i am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able meet from the packers game next week "
time to skate 
does anyone in redding want to go on an adventure  right now 
me siento <propmale> 
is tired of not having a car 
i've been skyping <propfemale> toutouh for 2:15  thats hours and minutes 
jobs  i'm tired of looking for you  you should look for me 
i've got my pants on 
this is it  your whole life has prepared you for this moment  it's easier than you thought 
why is fight club such an inspiring movie to me?
is anyone driving to sacramento from redding today? need a ride  call me 530 363 8843
oh greyhound  it has been to long    sacramento here i come 
why did i take a shower before i get on the greyhound    chances are the person next to me didn't take a shower    
soooo this freaking greyhound has wifi    
working if only for a couple days  jesus give them more work so i can work 
keep praying for work  that the company i'm working for gets busy so i can stay busy!
12 5 hours in  time for a dinner break then back to work 
11 hours down  just got done with my lunch break  let's see how long this last  i have no idea why i enjoy this so much  i must be crazy    
anyone going to be in sacramento in the next couple of days and is going back to redding? i really don't wanna ride the greyhound back 
lost the ball on the end of my piercing  hopefully it doesn't fall out when i sleep  if i ever get to sleep  going back to work  13 hours and ?? more to go!
"stuck in a cafe in roseville california till someone, if anyone picks me up     should i hitch hike back to redding??      we will see "
what i want in a wife    someone who is witty and understand my jokes 
   broke my skateboard    they should really last longer than 2 weeks   
is anyone looking for a road bike?
come to me job!
your beautiful 
yepp
"so today i was given $145 in gift cards, $45 dollars cash, i worked for 3 hours and made $50 and i was given a <propmale> jacobs wallet  which apparently is worth $100  oh how my jesus loves me"
destroying mini tanks with @<propmale> stinton 
good day with beautiful friends  my life is so epic 
what to do today    
grrrrrr
another day  another reason to be happy  another <propmale> to be blessed 
i'm in love with life 
is a <propmale> boy 
i hate super long online applications 
principle shot by custodian at schnell school in placerville ca  pray  i grew up near this school and went to the elementary school 1 5 <propmale> away from this one 
why is my body between sizes on everything 
just had the coolest bail on my skateboard 
i am a gorgeous human being 
had a dream last night i bought a car for 100 dollars and i got a job  i soooo receive that   smile 
i love how i have to be out of the house i'm living in by the 28th  i need a job  i need a car  and i have no idea whats going to happen  but i have so much peace and joy  my life is soooo blessed!
anyone selling a truck?
any friends in sd got a place where i can stay?
best decision of today thus far: wearing the cheesehead around redding while longboarding  all the packer fans and or steeler haters were cheering left and right   smile 
"i have walked longboarded way too much recently  jesus, i need a car "
jesus  i want a truck 
thank you 
good night with beautiful people   smile 
sacramento here i come 
blisters on hands mean two things  i haven't worked in awhile  and i worked hard today  ow 
ahhhhhhhhhhh busy <propfirst>  sorry to anyone that might feel neglected  i love you  text me 
anyone want to pick me up in sacramento friday night so i don't have to ride the greyhound home  or anyone in sacramento feel like giving me a car?  smile 
sanding fiberglass  when you thought work couldn't get anymore annoying 
exit time for the hot and ready     
wishes i was egypt right now 
two roads diverged in a yellow wood 
for this status smash your head on the keyboard and post the results 
i love    lamp 
lazy day 
wants to get out of the house 
oh i can make it happen 
best way to eat nutella    survey says!   a spoon   smile 
i wish i could like someones like on a status    
another good night  and it's early 
free hugs for all who see me today 
wants a girl that can cook 
"it starts  dreams and desires  check  ambition  check  passion  check  \\lets do this "
so had another dream i had some thick luscious facial hair  i think god is trying to tell me something 
"\hey i gots a cat in my lap  it's a really cool cat!\"""""
early mornings means work 
yepppp that's how i do it 
do you miss me?
i love surfing    unfortunately i'm 3 hours from the coast    i guess i'll surf couches instead
i wish i was in hawaii  i guess i'll just eat spam instead   
hanging with my mom 
this bed is too comfy 
want to disappear for a while 
iceland has a phallogical museum    
writing a business plan     god must be real  cause this is way out of my area of e playful ertise   
i just woke up time to go to sacramento and back      yay    
i'm tired of eating unhealthy  and not getting exercise   
if you can't beat em    your not trying hard enough 
<propmale> torgerson ftw!
is at the sac airport     again 
going to sacramento      again  again 
pants 
staying the night in sacto 
car party with <propfemale> thompson
is watching is disk defrag 
hmmmm     what to do today?
this is me
hmmm    
i got my pants on 
ahhhhhhhhhhh what to do? what to do    
goodbye redding 
and my diet has returned to being cheese and breads     or just cheese 
i want to go snowboarding <propfemale> bad  6 years is too long    
it's storming out side  and i truly believe i don't like sleep 
pretty sure i just ruined my sleeping schedule 
there is an add on tv for catheters     0 o
is going to be implementing a bi-phasic  sleep schedule 
reading and video games  it's what my life consists of lately 
andddd the powers out 
i miss my friends in redding 
it's raining outside and i have an empty warehouse to myself and my skateboard 
hold me closer <propfemale> dancer 
how can you truly appreciate something that you don't <propfemale>?
i want a girl who buys me flowers 
placerville skatepark 
goodnight my love 
sometimes i feel like i'm the only one i know who likes watching tennis    
super fun day of skateboarding at <propfirst> park  exhausted and tired  goodnight 
oh skateboard how i love you so 
it must be getting close to summer  i have had the sudden urge to take my shirt off for no reason 
i need an adventure 
going to bed before 3am fail 
if i didn't know any better i would swear that you're my enemy 
and thus begins the rest of your life 
what better place than here  what better time than now 
what makes a true friend?
i love the travel channel 
bamboozled 
wozniacki ftw!
does anyone in redding have an old computer chair they aren't using?
i watch too many skateboarding videos 
who skates and wears size 9 5?
h4ck!n9 ph0n35 4 fr!3nd5!!!!
yup 
<propfemale> the spy with the house mates   love 
skate3 today you meet your maker  errrr me  and i'm going to own you  well in the sense that i will conquer your objectives     you know what i mean!!! stop looking at me like that 
   and that my friends is how the west was won 
awesome  whole lot to think about 
focusing 
has anyone been a secret shopper? heard about an opportunity and would like to ask someone some questions who has done it 
mmmm hockey 
andddddddddddd i'm going to bed 
"reason 432 why gmail owns: notification i was issued when i tried to send an e-mail  \did you mean to attach something to this e-mail? you wrote 'i have attached' but nothing was attached to this e-mail \"" thank you gmail  now i know they got my resume """
focusing sucks  it means you have to stop looking at other things 
i am so thankful for everyone in my life that i have ever encountered  i wouldn't be who i am without you  i am shaped by those who i have interacted with  i wish i could give everyone a hug right now 
i  need  a  car 
there goes 80% of my plans  bad rain  bad! don't do it again for atleast a month 
having tattoo withdrawals 
wake up to find the cpsp crew on vianouzzzz's channel  my heart is happy  keep skating boys  can't wait for the video 
anyone in redding have an old pair of running shoes? around size 9 5?
watching treasure planet 
applying for jobs at 130am = desperate   
5k473804rdin9
i can't stop skateboarding 
i choose to live happily and it's working  great so far 
ready  set  come here job!!! come here!!!!! who's a good job?
so i now have a motorcycle that i was given  praise jesus  now i just need to fix a couple things on it   smile 
wisdom belongs to those who observe 
i don't have a phone anymore 
watched the goonies now i want to take a trip north 
phones on 
i've seen fire and i've seen rain 
first two hours of the day spent reading posts on xjbikes com and you know it's going to be a good day 
my coffee is talking to me 
it's adventure time with <propfemale> thompson
this beer completes me 
i might have started a twitter account  we will see how i like it  robbietravels
is definitely on lake <propfemale> 
and today will consist of  
why     why?!?!?!?!
river trail lb sesh with the housemate 
playing munchkin  epic rules 
the less you speak  the more you listen  the more you learn 
i love antique stores 
celebrating may the forth right  episode 5 
and today will be the beginning of something new 
river trail sesh 
and to all those who know are those who are interested  it is time for the right wick of man to left in woes of longer dissent 
a cubism dream  the most beautiful squares you've ever seen 
"if you knew <propfemale> despins <propfirst>, you might feel a bit of jealousy because she isn't your mom "
oh my goodness  natali canache why must you be such a good cook     i'm so stuffed 
update on the bike  got a battery for it and started it up for the first time in awhile  working on getting the parts shipped from sacramento for the break and clutch  but she lives!!! all she needs now is a name 
does anyone in redding have a welder i can use?
mmmm tennis     now i need a shower 
<propfemale>   who wants to drive me to sacramento so i can pick up parts to my motorcycle?
i went from an enfj to a entj 
