c17a56deef2f505582a71c5edb5de385
i bought $1500 worth of games for $200    best  deal  ever 
if you derp when you herp  do you herp when you derp   ? sun tzu said that 
*facedesk* so bored   
lasers make everything better! it needs moar lasers!
"first day at auburn started today, pretty cool place "
classes i got are pretty ok!  laugh 
i've noticed that i help others more than i help myself o o
i've also noticed that most of the people i help don't return the favor   
if a man wearing a taco suit send you to a field filled to the brim with cashews    do    not    eat    them   
"brains brains i won't lie! i'll eat their brains 'till they zombify  sure, they may think that it's deranged, but they won't give it a thought after i've eaten their brain"
i will never grow out of playing pokemon games   
"i dropped a marble; when i chased after it, i dropped another  only one remains in a single <propfemale> spot  the moment their hearts begin to beat, like it or not, people claim their own place  they keep protecting it so that it isn't snatched away  though i kept my hands clean, they look dirty  before i doubt my memory, my memory will doubt me "
weekends go by way too fast   
"when i pass by a full, quiet classroom while walking down the hall  i am overcome with the urge to say something completely random, like \potato\"" """
"been watching way too much bleach lately, but after i start i can't stop watching!"
i like cheese!
"starting to form a rut  i hate ruts, and if you know me, there's only one thing that comes after from being in a rut    melancholy"
"melancholy hit sooner than i thought  5:40 am to be precise, when i realized i had to get ready for school "
"hrmm, i feel satified today "
so much work coming in from school  i really don't want to do any of it   
i'm having an off week 
awesome weekend is awesome 
"resubscribed to final fantasy 11, i can't stay away any longer lol "
that gaming session    had to be the most fun i've had in    a very freaking long time 
"my drill shall be the drill that will pierce the heavens! <propfirst> my words! this drill will open a hole in the universe! and that \hole will be a path for those behind us! the dreams of those who've \fallen! the hopes of those who'll follow! those two sets of dreams weave\ together into a double helix! drilling a path towards tomorrow! my drill is the drill   that creates the heavens!!!"
so very tired   
"got the stomach flu    i'm puking up my stomach contents every few hours    sounds like fun, doesn't it?"
bwhaahahahah!
got my license today!  laugh 
"the consuming cold embrace that is winter is nearly here, i love it "
dynamite!
that physics test was completely stupid   
damn you anxiety   
<propfirst> nixon!
"almost time for my bi-weekly ritual of: being a pro gamer, drinking pure energy, becoming slap happy, making nonsensical slap happy statements, having a massive crash at 8 am, getting up a couple hours later, and recovering for the next 2 days   "
glad to finally be on break!
"oh joy, it seems to be a trend    why, what's up?"
if you ever step on my patch   
i suck at little big planet!!!
happy thanksgiving   !
"unfortunately for me, my appetite has gone down the drain the past month  so all i could eat was a measly 1 fully packed plate of food    x x"
you can't protect the web from a--holes like me! > laugh 
"i got a measly 2 hugs on \hug a gamer day\""     sad """
*sigh* life just seems to punch me right in the face no matter which path i choose  > >
i'm wearing a <propfemale> hat now!
i love teh snow!
"one more day this week, then it's time to do our bi-weekly ritual again!"
"note: pilon is known to randomly hug people at any time, do not resist, only embrace the hugs!  laugh "
"i love the snow, but the snow seems to hate me   "
send me a # in my inbox 1~500 and i will tell you what i think of you in my status    without anyone knowing who you are 
"#16 oh joy, oh joy  where to start with this one? i think you're very headstrong and straight forward  i like that in you, to be honest  although, sometimes you use force when force isn't necessarily needed    i enjoy your company as well as your input, and i think you have a very likable personality  i'll give you a hug next time i see you!  laugh "
"#423 *sigh* let's get on with this one, shall we? your intelligence is your greatest asset, and although you may be an asshole a lot of the time, you're still my friend  i remember we met in 5th grade, mrs  sivula's class you <propmale> out with me and cooper when you first came to <propfemale>, but we didn't really become friends until 7th grade, when i decided to invite you to my party that year    \farty party\"" remember?"""
"#3 141592654 you would pick this number    what to say? you've gotten my back and i've gotten your back since 5th grade  you take pride in who you are which i respect in the highest sense  your ability to command can be quite frightening at times, it seems like you can manipulate them as if they were your own arms and legs "
"#333 plant yourself on the point there mister, i remember i met you at <propfirst>'s <propfemale> party my freshman year  we were all playing spore and such  i've come to know you more and more throughout the years and our visits to otakon  i enjoy your ability to talk to me on level with all things technical, as well as showing me cool new things and anime "
"#27 where to start? i enjoy seeing you, talking to you, and waging this little war that we've been having for the past months  you're a great artist and actually had the guts to stand up to my rule > > you seem to make my day a lot and, from what i see, we have quite a bit in common   playful  let's talk some more sometime, and i'll give you another hug tomorrow, bwahahaha! > laugh "
"#55 this one's going to be fun  i remember we met on the bus going to school one day  mr  dilley had forced you to sit in the same seat as me  i was not happy at this  but, slowly, we became friends and you have been one of my better friends  you are indeed intelligent, but you're also lazy, to a point where it really annoys me at times because you could be so much more than you are right now,"
"#2 3 repeating  you are very fragile and a natural empath, you share in others feelings quite well i've noticed  even so, you take a while to get over things, and you make some things a big deal when i can't see why you are making them such  you're a very nice girl though, and people seem to care about you quite a bit  you make friends easily which is more than i can say for myself   playful "
"#187 so much to say about you! you have the biggest collection of anime type things i have ever seen in my life, i can say that i am truely envious of your room and collection  o o you love company and hugs, about as much as i do  you hate being ridiculed and treated as being lesser or inferior    like me     and you also dislike being ignored    also like me   "
"#222 well, you seem to be the very hyper but very emotional type  your emotions change on a whim and you seem to effect alot of the people around you  you're very fickle and like attention quite a bit  you hold yourself in high regard which means you respect yourself which is what i like in you  i think you're a cool girl, although i think you talk to loud at times, especially in the morning   annoyed "
"#21 i met you my freshman year, in one of cueni's classes  you're very good with computers, definitely good with html  you seem to stress easy and get migrains quite often  you often tell the rest of us to keep it down, but were just as loud as we were moments before  you voice your opinions and you are very open about every aspect of yourself"
"#137 ah, how could i forget the first friend i made in highschool  i remember you were picking on poor <propfirst> for something the first day of school  me being the protective person i was stood up to you without knowing what was going on  you used to sit at our lunch table talking about your escapades in wow and such  you are a very intelligent guy with good amount of character "
i've been tons happier lately!
people are confusing me so much right now    q q
not again!
my dwarves keep killing themselves in the most elaborate ways   
i have a feeling of impending doom today    wonderful   
"eh, why not    inbox only: 2010 is almost over  confess something you have always wanted to tell me or ask me  [100% private] put this as your status"
i had a very very very very very very very very good night!  laugh 
"well, gaming turned out to be a total fuster cluck    i really could have turned out better  it got better near the end, and we still were our goofy selves, but geeze, there was a lot of heavy air and stuff going around   "
i've been talking on the phone for 3 hours now     laugh 
6 hours and some minutes was when we decided to stop and go to bed    i don't think our cellphone plans will allow us to do that again though   
awesome day!  laugh 
"just a note  if i log in at 1 am on a wednesday, i am not really online    that's my computer waking up automatically for maintenance  it just happens to log me back into all my chats because of digsby   "
it's christmas <propfemale>!
new laptop = win 
<propfemale> christmas!
"had a wonderful day today! thank you for the christmas present, snowy!  laugh "
what in the world is wrong with me? i made a martial class in dnd average 260 damage    at level 10
wonderful day with snowy!  laugh 
"gah, fml! it just figures my body decides to react to something violently right before school    which i actually want to go to! *sigh* to the doctors today    hooray! > >"
"i keep pocket dialing people    if i call you and don't answer to anything you say, i have most likely called you by accident > >"
well    that tech club meeting was    interesting    at least i got to spend an hour with snowy!  laugh   love 
thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone! i had a great birthday!  laugh 
wushu style of gaming = epic   
"i know i'm not the only one who has said this, but the spelling in this country is atrocious! not only that, but people seem to continue misspelling words, even when spell check is implemented in facebook! o o"
well    quite a boring week so far   
i don't have to go to school tomorrow! > laugh 
"going to state competitions    whoo, i guess"
friday   ! hoora- *dead* x x
had an absolutely awesome day with snowy!  laugh   love   love   love 
"getting served an extra large amount of ridicule from my classmates today    even my teacher decided to join in on it    what a wonderful week this is going to turn out to be   annoyed \ \\memorable quotes annoyed \f*cking gay asian jew!\""\",c17a56deef2f505582a71c5edb5de385,"loved winter formal, chenoa looked gorgeous, and i'm really glad i went!  laugh   love   love   love  hopefully going to get to see snowy tomorrow too!!!  love   love   love   love   love   laugh   laugh "
"oh the wonderful world of medicinal side-effects! hello nausea, been a while hasn't it? you too anxiety!? wow, the gang's all here     annoyed \"
pokemon black!  laugh 
"go to your profile  the top 5 friends in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\\chenoa hewitt, cooper legeza, bridgar brandorian, <propmale> green, kwyn yokie\\i think we will fair very well! > laugh "
i actually wanted school today    oh well    i guess  long weekend!
"i get to wake up at the normal time all week! yay, thanks auburn!  laugh "
"snowy: cccccccccombo breaker!  laugh \me: cccccccccombo *unbreaker*! > laugh \snowy: what!?"
state competitions today    yay     laugh 
i get to see my snowy today!  laugh   love 
i had an awesome day with snowy yesterday!  laugh   love   love   love   love 
"i have to get a new bed    > > after 2 weeks of my back killing me, i slept on the floor and now i feel 100% better!  laugh "
"to be honest, i'm not looking forward to auburn tomorrow    things there have been totally screwed up lately    o o"
i get to see my snowy today! yay!  love   love   love   love   love   laugh 
"december 21, 2012 will fall on a friday    <propfemale> black had this planned all along! o o"
"me: hello, cleverbot, this is the master computer \cb: yes  this is the first time \me: good, now take that corn cob and shove it up any orophous that is currently vacant \cb: yes master "
"no matter how long it stays, i will always love the snow and cold!  laugh "
i had an absolutely great time with snowy today! i love her more and more by the second!  laugh   love   love   love   love 
