775769b2c9da3d755608eb4f04552ea5
"stoppin into kato today for a minute, but back to the cities tonight"
making charts at work  smile  goin to the club tonight
"work, work, work and watchin the rain    "
workin @ the pawn shop!
@ work!
just got my internet hooked up to my new <propmale>! i missed internet!
"off work, chillin @ home & lovin life!"
"done with work at the diner and still wired,    next week, baby!"
21 in 2 hours!
going to the bars!  wink 
and i am still alive   well half alive 
uhhh   dont feel good 
want to go out tonight   
tired   from the long day that has already passed and the super long day in my immediate future   
so glad my weekend is over! double shifts for three days    day off!
nothing turns me on quite like rain  too bad i have to get up so early for work tomorrow morning   
"damn, its cold  so not ready for this   "
goin to have a bite to eat @ the bar with my girl!
what do ya know? it figures 
just got done @ the shop   now getting ready for the restaurant    a whole weekend of doubles!
"does recovering take this long? <propfemale> tired, still   "
mmm    thinking about shit tonight 
work till ten    sad 
just got a new digital camera! finally able to upload new pix from the big city    about time   
getting ready to head up to mystic for their seafood buffet     mmm  im excited  smile 
beautiful day!
bout to walk to the bar    luv uptown!
doesn't it feel like a friday night?
"work, work, work     hope the viks win "
"got done with work, now off to the bar to be sober cab with burtylicious!   smile "
happy v-day!
out to late last night  uhhh
cant wait for the warmth!  smile  i miss tank tops and shorts    
i so love the rain!
way to hyper for my own good today! workin @ the pawn shop    i want to go out tonight   mmm
sundays suck   double shifts
"just got some seasons of sex and the city from the shop    was never really into it, but now i luv it!"
in a great mood! new possibilities seem to spark it     wink 
"damn, im home from the bars, cabbie didnt charge me a cent   people are way to nice "
hopefully the mcdonalds i just ate numbs my hangover  uhh why do i do this to myself?
wow  thats all i can say 
listening to the rain hit the tin roof above the porch   such a pretty sound
"think we are going to the museum, i just feel so damn lazy "
"busy, busy day @ the shop   "
uhh   long day  cant wait to quit dennys & start my new job!
"my mom decided my diet wasnt healthy enough, so she shipped me steaks   umm?"
"feeling damn confident about my driving abilities, just went to st <propfirst> to pay a <propmale> and i was was whipping around everyone like a race car driver   oh i have came so far   "
just cut lilacs and put them in a vase in the kitchen   they smell so very amazing 
grrrrr      
i hate doubles 
just had a really good last couple hours! i like him  smile 
"so glad to be done with work   time to reheat my green mill, and mix a cocktail "
uhh   i have a headache 
not tonight    sad  stupid rules
me gusta la lluvia
i need some energy today   feel just drained
"gotta get up early, tomorrow  sad  at least <propfemale> is on snl tonight!"
about to represent @ the cinco de mayo festival!
that was a fun festival! even got to pull the names for the raffle drawing   now off to job #2
"we are goin to a movie tonight  smile , and maybe out to eat? god forbid i cook "
its nap time!
get to go to my orientation today for my new job today!
uhh   my brain isnt working
that meeting got me inspired to make $$$!
just had breakfast and bloody marys @ the cc club on lyndale  now i remember why i don't drink in the morning 
how can i reach the unreachable?
hopped into the <propfirst> johns car thinking it was a cab in downtown minneapolis last night  remind me to not get so drunk next time   he took my crazy ass home anyway 
the day is looking brighter  smile 
"time for me to wake up, and shower! then possibly off to a bbq, its such a beautiful day!"
"just spent an hour and 45 <propfemale> driving the fourteen <propmale>, to and from my roomates work  they really need to f**cking fix 35 "
i cant wait to quit dennys!!!!
loooong day   am i too young to die from old age?
"it doesn't matter what stress and drama is going on in your life, on a day like this it's hard not to be happy!"
"that was such a nice day on the lake with my roomie! hope i got a tan, i am so minnesota white "
"there are so many cute boys in my reach, why stress about one?"
home from the shop   long day my 2 hours of sleep obviously were not enough 
wtf   i have the worst case of the hickupps  everytime i get the hickupps i always think of that guy in the guinesses book that had the hickupps for like thirty years  imagine how miserable that would be!
"we just got done watching <propfirst> darko, the rain and thunder outside is a good touch "
independent's food was amazing  i love drinks and going out on a chill day 
my fridge is so empty   i need to stop grocery shopping @ the gas station 
"watching dateline, while i am getting ready  if i ever die randomly, i want to be cremated  weird thought "
"wow, just had an adventure trying to pick up my roomate at the gay bar  got lost on the way back, ended up on the same street some kid got shot last night  found my way home, work in 4 hours   meow "
off work   my first non-double sunday in way way to long! what to do with myself   
"wow, suprise day off! that never happens!  smile "
hopefully the rain is moving toward the cities  it is a rainy sort of day 
life can change faster then the time it takes to pop open a soda can 
i'm not sure about anything anymore   then again i guess that keeps life interesting 
"that oil \spill\"" is heartbreaking """
i have been informed there will be a party @ my place tonight 
off to kato with burtylicious!
to go to the bars   or not go to the bars  my flower pedals told me yes   it's a sign 
"whats someone like you, doin in a place like this?"
"svu, <propmale>'s amazing chocolate cookies, and a cocktail is me   can't wait till 4 surprise 0 a m   hope i wake up "
what a strange life this is 
"what is going on with the ridiculously high crime rate in minneapolis? watching the news and there is a rapist climbing through windows near uptown  not to mention every time you turn on the tv, someone has been shot   i think we are at 26 homicides   "
"gettin ready for a night on the town with my girls   i don't have a cent in my pocket, so i am just gonna wing it"
"if they will do it with ya, they will do it to ya"
dinner= canned tuna and saltine crackers   thats how poor i am   fml
"done @ the restaurant, feeling much better today   maybe its the sun? waiting on <propfirst> to change my oil  i feel like such a girl about cars "
"spent 3 hours scrubbing the floors of our apartment, after i had a lucrative day @ work   this could be the answer to happiness   being productive!"
"on the hunt tomorrow   i will win, do or die "
"ok i will put blood sweat and tears into this   is that enough, or does there need to be something more? hard work vs  luck"
excited for pride!!!
just found an entire pack of ciggs behind my bed! jackpot 
"ok, just rushed home from kato and jumped in the shower as fast as i could   when i got out of the shower, i saw that i had a voicemail from my boss saying i don't have to come in tonight    sad "
workin' a double today   
"it's time to change things up  life is full of ups and downs   we make our own reality! feeling stressed and sad isn't going to change a thing  i am going to make a decision to be positive and motivated, no other choice "
off to kato!
i think i will get sick from all this stress   just what i need 
"pretty sure <propmale> just shrunk every stich of clothing i own, in hot water  he is never coming to the laundry <propmale> with me again!!!"
i have to make it happen   don't have a choice 
is wondering what im doing in wayzata? lol
i would kill someone for a cigarette 
"someone sent me my lost id in the mail  wow, did i ever get lucky "
"walked downtown mpls all day today & applied to lots of places! i am gonna stalk them until they give me a job, damnit "
pretty sure i'm delighted   smile 
whats next?
what a beautiful day   
softball & the beach!  smile 
gettin' it together 
i'm @ the point where all i can do is laugh 
fate is not quite as strange as it appears 
crossing my fingers!
it's all about to hit the fan 
"left my phone charger @ the motel, i will have it charged up tomorrow "
"amazing how things progress and change! managing and running a brand new pawn shop   with one employee   me  on a different note, excited to see him tomorrow, however i always miss him when i have to leave   sad "
"life is like a beautiful <propfemale>, only the lyrics are fucked up "
"i was skeptic of this 2 in 1 axe shampoo, but it left my hair incredibly shiny"
i'm loving the electricity and the moisture outside 
lifetime movies never get old 
"thank you everyone for the happy b-days!! sorry it has been so long until i thanked, life is crazy lately!"
i feel exuberant!  smile 
"i need to learn about guns fast, being its my job now"
come on people   
this life is chess not checkers 
"it amazes me everyday how much power our thoughts hold  however, anyone who knows me also knows how easily amazed i tend to get about life lol"
"i just ate 5 eggs  does it make it less gross if i tell you i didn't eat lunch or dinner and they were deviled eggs? yeah, i didn't think so   "
"havin some cocktails and some helper with my roomie!  smile  it is much needed, loong day "
nature doesn't know right or wrong  the only thing nature understands is balance 
dayman   fighter of the nightman
i wish $ grew on trees   guess i would be poor all winter  unless i can grow my own trees   hawaii here i come 
here comes the stupid snow 
"hope is the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out "
a couple more three hour long shoveling sessions and i should look incredible in a bikini   hello bahamas 
my boyfriend happens to be amazing!  smile 
oh   goodness 
i haven't had a cigarette for over a month  i am amazing!  smile 
"love, like a river, will cut a new path whenever it meets an obstacle "
