bd2b6d3b7ec9a300ef18e53224cc0822
"extremely annoyed, but on my way to the tri for <propfirst> and kristens wedding!!!"
"off to <propfirst> and kristens wedding!!! so happy for them, they are perfect for each other smile "
went to watch elite practice with <propfemale> and i miss dance sooo much!
work work work   
so sick of the rain!!!
tonight is gonna be a good night smile 
going to the lake to spend fathers day with grandpa smile 
loving summer smile 
at my lake house for the fourth smile !
bonfire smile 
sick
polson hoop fest at the lake smile 
got a hair cut!
sick    again annoyed 
off to work out then writing an essay annoyed 
hates writing stupid essays about stupid things!
finally    much needed sleep!
stupid homework    im missing greys!
got my hair done smile 
workin out    then more homework annoyed 
finally sleep!
<propmale> of snow tonight! hello winter    where did fall go?!
off to see alicia smile 
had a wonderful weekend smile 
so sick of homework    ugh
done with class for the day smile 
snow love 
ugh homework annoyed 
 love 
 love  excited for tonight!  hope it goes as well as the rest of my weekend has  laugh 
 love 
happy halloween smile 
had a wonderful halloween love 
 love 
wants a new tattoo love 
cause i heard jesus he drank wine  and i bet we’d get along just fine  he could calm a storm and heal the blind  and i bet he’d understand a heart like mine
ugh homework annoyed 
"\your definition of love is more spiritually sophisticated  you believe that an e playful ression of true love for another soul is the courage to let them go to pursue their own path \"""""
 love 
got an interview at direct tv love 
happy thanksgiving smile 
 love 
"this could be one of those memories we want to hold on to, cling to,  one we can’t forget  love "
finally done smile 
<propfemale> christmas  love 
 love 
"\the more boys i meet the more i love my dog smile \"""""
happy new year  smile )
 love  snow
teal   
 love 
hot and steamy   
at the lake love 
pullman love 
ugh annoyed 
 love 
"with your eyes on my secrets, god knows what you'll see there's so much to my story, but you're the perfect ending "
go saints!!!
 love 
5-3 usa!!!
sick annoyed 
what a beautiful day!!!  love  going for a run then off to night class
 love 
hello sunshine love 
got accepted to wsu!!!  love 
lovin this little taste of summer love 
"summer, please get here sooner!"
4 weeks till summer  love 
hello 4 day weekend!!! tri-cities and pullman here i come!
dropped my phone in the sink and now it doesn't work anymore! great annoyed 
got a 96% on my research methods exam and a 93% on my psychology exam! yay!!!
good luck today elite! kick ass and bring home the 2 world trophies you are all so deserving of! i love you all smile 
 love 
studying my life away   
ugh! where is all the good weather?!
in pullman at adams graduation!  love 
"hello beautiful day!!!  love  \too bad i have to study for finals  sad "
loving this little taste of summer  love 
what a beautiful day  love 
"done with finals!\helloooooo summer  love "
"true friends can go long periods of time without speaking, never question their friendship and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been "
<propmale> mcgraw was amazing!!!  love 
"unsinkable ships sink \unbreakable walls break \sometimes the things you think could never happen \happens just like that \unbendable steel bends, if the fury of the wind is unstoppable \i've learned to never underestimate \the impossible"
hello sunshine  love 
the more boys i meet the more i love my dog  love 
how do you keep your feet on the ground when you know that you were born to fly
"can we pretend that airplanes, in the night sky, are like shooting stars  i could really use a wish right now "
national dance day is on july 31st!!! hell yeah  love 
such a beautiful day  love 
had a fantastic weekend  love 
life understood is life lived
had a wonderful time at my surprise birthday party!!! thank you everyone  love 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
live for the moments that you can't put into words
"as far as im concerned, you're just another picture to burn"
what a wonderfully exciting day  smile !!!
bummed!  sad 
off to the river  smile  i love summer!!!
"you know, they say that dreams are real only as long as they last  couldn't you say the same thing about life?"
what are you waiting for?!
lake como  love 
oh wallet where have you gone?!  sad 
 love 
<propfirst> franti  love 
 love 
loves the feeling after a great workout  love 
should we tie our sweatshits around our waists? i think so!
till the sun comes up  love 
 love 
oh summer where did you go  sad 
 love 
thunderstorms  love 
loves game day!  love 
why do we bother if it never lasts?
"4 5 weeks till deadmau5!\5 weeks till <propfirst> monsoon!\7 weeks till freaknight!\october is going to be insane  love "
lets go griz!!!!
feeling a cold coming on    just in time for october annoyed 
hello october smile !!!
you don't understand what being stong means until its the only option you have left
"if you get a <propmale>, take it  if it changes your life, let it "
"deadmau5: tomorrow!!!!  smile )))))))))))\job interview: friday smile \<propfirst> monsoon: saturday smile !\such a good week  love "
deadmau5!!!  smile 
my mind is beyond blown away! such and epic night!!!
"mr  bubbles please please please arrive quickly, i wanna play  smile  smile  smile "
hello mr  bubbles smile )) everything is coming together nicely!
 love 
"it's\ brother'sweek  if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched \you, stuckup for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, \saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and \someone you can't do without, copy and paste this to your status"
it's almost christmas season  smile )))!
wishes it would snow already!
gonna be a good weekend smile ))  love 
snow  love 
geekin  smile 
i miss dance  sad 
hello tri cities smile 
is thankful for my amazing friends and family! i couldn't ask for better  love  thank you for being so wonderful! i love you all smile )
it's officially christmas season!!!  love 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and\invite your friends to do the same until monday (dec  6)  there should\be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a\campaign to stop violence against children  please spread the word  we were all kids once  smile "
can't decide whether to go to rebelution in missoula or in spokane    help!  smile )
officially addicted it glee  love  love love love
only 3 more finals till winter break  smile  thank goodness!
 love 
light up the darkness  love 
off to kalispell! gonna be a good night  love 
<propfemale> christmas  love 
it's all part of a grander plan that is coming true  love 
sooo lucky  smile )
"\at times you gotta go without knowing where you're going\"""""
"foresters ball tonight! \super bowl tomorrow!\gonna be a good weekend  love  love "
"so i've officially lost my phone, and wont have a new one until tuesday  but if you need to get a hold of me, where there's a will, there's a way  smile "
my phone came today smile ) woohoo! back in action  wink 
animal nite:  youphoric nights ix! tonight! you don't wanna miss out on this zoo town!
