07c06434b0f7d2ab5b50a8d9cef3e215
hope everyone's night was great!  happy new year!
"needs to clean her house badly, but really really really doesn't want to do it today   think it can last another week?  lol"
"has begun the process of cleaning her house, but still don't wanna   too bad i'm too old for that excuse "
is amazed   the laundry's almost done and all it took was a mere 8 hrs *dripping with sarcasm*
hates sleeping alone so is probably gonna be up half the night again 
"had some intense discussions tonight, and now i'm wiped   time for bed "
can't wait to go to lake of the ozarks in a month!
thinks it's amazing how the rain and potential for bad weather can lull me to sleep before 10!  the light was still on in the dining room and so was the tv!
may have a way to get rid of several <propmale> causes of stress in my life   hooray!
"so i found my old phone       pheobe stuck it in an old credit card wallet!  i had checked all my purses, but didn't think to check that!"
is feeling good tonight   a couple of beers and won all 4 in bowling tonight 
is now sad because she was reminded that her brother's life stopped   it hurts to see what his life could have been like 
is going to get groceries and then head down to p town for the parade and fun in the park   now if only i could play on the inflatable slides and such   that would be an awesome day 
has a very busy day ahead 
can already taste the lazy weekend beer and hear the fireworks   probably not going to get much done at work tomorrow   lol
had a nice 4th with the family   now i better get to bed 
"wishes sometimes she could just keep her mouth shut and not make someone feel worse   and yes, i know i shouldn't have let the kids play with markers "
hates mosquitoes!  mia and pheobe are all bit up even though we used bug spray!  my poor babies!
is really tired and doesn't want to go to work today   3 days left until i get a nice long break!
"if i wish hard enough, will tomorrow be friday?"
oh yeah!  no work until the 21st!  i love vacation!!!
oh yeah!  headed to lake of the ozarks tomorrow morning!
is back home and has one last day of vacation before getting back to work 
has not had a mountain dew (unless you count diet) in almost a week   this better fricking help me lose weight!
back to reality for me   boo reality 
has the bed to herself again tonight   wonder when i will decide to crash tonight 
seriously wants to know what all my friends without kids do with all that free time!
we have frickits at our house!
is reminding people not to leave sprite in the freezer too long and then try to open it   well unless you really feel the need to clean something such as a stove 
really needs the weekend!  so glad it's almost here 
is oh so tired!  heading to bed for the night 
is going to bring the kids to wp to meet <propfirst> mcdonald today 
"long day of going all over the place   sunday will be my day of rest   well not really, i do have to do laundry and clean "
is on a pb & j sandwich kick 
has to get to cleaning for pheobe's birthday party tomorrow!
pheobe's birthday party went great!  not looking forward to work tomorrow though 
"quotes from pheobe yesterday \i hate cake on the face!  it is totally stupid!\""  \""everybody needs to learn to listen to me!\"""""
finds it funny when people attempt to be sneaky about being nosy   it is way to obvious and reeks of desperation!
"is driving em's car tomorrow!  yay!  air conditioning, and it is just so pretty "
"is feeling a little better, but hates sleeping alone "
is enjoying her wii fit 
thinks she is gonna head to the fair for the parade even though she has some sinus crap 
's sister's car eats stuff   how the hell do you lose keys and not be able to find them while you are still right next to the car?  and how does a binky disappear after it falls out of a kid's mouth?  ahh!
is still sick   blah!
is really really really ready for it to be the weekend already!  hurry up!
had a great night at the bowling alley   free beer and food and lots of dirty minds!  what could be better?  now what to do today?
is wondering if the key to a perfect marriage is just never asking questions   if so i am doomed!
feels like her ears are gonna fall off if she hears any more whining!
is headed to a concert in fremont tonight   hopefully it's good!
is relaxing and hoping the day doesn't speed by 
"is wondering if you are always looking for something better, how can you ever be happy?  i don't mean just wanting more money or a nicer house, i mean not living in the moment and appreciating what you do have "
"is trying to burn some of this extra baggage off   anyone think i can replace facebook obsession with exercise?  ya, that's what i thought, but i'm gonna try anyway "
is excited for foreigner on sunday!
always remembering with love   24 today 
"is headed to the foreigner concert!  i am gonna get me some \dirty white boy \"""""
had a great time at the concert with my parents   just wish it wouldn't have taken an hour to get out of there!
"is headed to a labor day bbq with brownies, cookies and cheesecake!  yum!"
had a great labor day out at <propfemale>'s   just gotta get the older two into bed and then i can clean!  whoopee!
is hoping for the weekend to come fast   i am so worn out lately!
wants to invent clothes that wash and fold themselves   i can do the rest 
made it to the middle of the week!  boy this has been a long one so far 
is getting pumped up!
has felt like a zombie most of the day today and probably should go to bed but would rather take pointless quizzes on facebook
feels the pull of the shiny cars   headed to the car show in an hour or two 
"does not answer to clapping!  say my name, say my name!  then i might get my butt off the computer and get you some dip "
"is seriously pumped to be training another bereavement coordinator   i love my job!  might not like getting up in the morning, but i still love it!"
is hopefully getting a laptop this weekend!  yay! finally i may get a little closer to catching up to the rest of the world with technology 
"had a horrible day   pheobe has had an on off fever for over a week and has no diagnosis   parent teacher conferences were horrific   i never knew 2 teachers and a principal would never ever call with any problems and then just gang up on you in the conference   apparently, i need to send a camcorder to school so i can know what actually goes on there "
is searching for a babysitter so i can get some stuff done 
"loves iron chef even though there is no way i could cook any of it!  they use polenta a lot and i have no idea what it is, but that's the least of my cooking deficiencies "
is glad she doesn't have <propfirst>'s issues 
is so happy to have all of you wonderful friends in my life!  i am so blessed!
seriously?  why did grey's anatomy not dvr!  i wanted to watch it on my tv and not the computer!
had a great time last night!  8 surprise 0 came way too early though!
spent most of the day in pender and helped my dad and grandpa get a 52 ford pickup out of its cozy little spot on a farm   it took forever but was fun 
"if i have to do the dishes and i drop one on the floor, maybe i won't have to do the dishes anymore   except we have mostly plastic dishes   microwave them maybe?"
"so pheobe points to something, says its her favorite color, and then when i asked her what color it was, she said \i don't know \""  she did end up telling me it was purple   so cute """
"is going to take a nice long, hot, relaxing bath and pamper herself for the rest of the night "
actually planned ahead and got the kids' clothes ready for tomorrow!  marking that on the calendar!
thought <propmale> was feeling better       but i guess not   i just wish we could all be healthy 
is tired   sleepy and doesn't understand why her sick daughter won't go to bed   of course <propfemale> montana is on right now      
"is venturing out of the house for the first time today so i can get something from the store   oh, i mean 6 <propmale> away since everyplace in dodge closes at 6!  darn it "
needs a babysitter!  why does his birthday always end up on homecoming weekend?
found a babysitter!  yay dad!
wonders if anyone else is up for going to the haunted houses in sioux city?  or omaha?  been to most of them there in the past few years so we are thinking sioux city may be a better bet 
"went to bed at 6 am, and got up around 9ish   had a great night last night, but i am in need of a nap sometime today!"
"is so tired, but wants to wait until <propfirst> gets home so i can actually sleep   if he has to work late, i know i'm not going to make it that long "
is going to bed   finally!
thinks this may be a long week 
really wishes everyone's men would just stop!  mine just needs to stop being sick  sad   the rest just need to be good!
thinks it's nice to be acknowledged for the work i do   i know there is still a long way to go to get things to be the way i want them 
is glad it's close to the weekend!  grey's is on soon too!  woohoo!
burns   crap i hate burns   still gonna watch grey's but ahh!
should probably go to bed   thank goodness the weekend is so close i can taste it!
thinks all that going to bed late might have finally caught up with her 
thinks she was wrong   i'm awake 
guesses her hubby is dying but she doesn't care   at least that's what he says   boys always exaggerate   besides i am gonna get him a root beer float   i care 
"had a great night at the er   by the time we got there he was just tired, and felt a little better   but it feels good to know it wasn't anything <propmale> "
is really tired of everyone being sick!  i am so sick of sickness and i'm not even a sickie!
wishes she had pheobe's energy!  that girl is like the energizer <propfemale> and i am like the generic knock off   i need my sleep!
is happy her hubby is back home and feeling better 
is ready to watch grey's and fold laundry!  something i love mixed with something i hate   woohoo!
is listening to parody songs that are sooo wrong but yet sooo hilarious!  how do people think of this stuff?
had a good time trick or treating with the kiddos with my huge updo   i knew that big bump-it would be good for something!
is hoping for a lazy day       we'll see how that works out
loves iphoto!  super easy to use!
had a pretty lazy day   wish fulfilled!
is hoping this month doesn't fly by as fast as the last one   i have a lot to get done!
"picked up my certificate for a free massage over lunch hour from the kexl office   now i just have to find time to use it!  oh, what a dilemma!  lol"
is grateful for a husband that does stuff around the house and can get the kids out the door in the morning!  i am spoiled!   smile 
is thankful for the awesome friends that go bowling with her!
is thankful for the time she gets to spend with her kids!  they are just too fun!
is thankful to have reliable babysitters when i need a little time away 
is thankful for my family   they remind me i am loved   and they are all just so darn cute!  lol
is thankful for all the people in my life that can make me laugh when i am having a bad day 
"is grateful for caffeine, food, and diversions to help me get through long meetings!  oh, and i can't forget excedrin migraine for getting rid of the after meeting headache!"
is thankful for hope   hope that maybe this weekend will go better than this week!
is thankful for a morning where everyone let me catch up on my sleep and roll out of bed a little before noon 
"hopes everyone has a happy, safe, and filling thanksgiving!"
had a wonderful thanksgiving with all 3 families!  and i didn't have to make a thing!  wonder if that's a hint?
wonders if her kids are conspiring to make her head blow up   i swear they have been whining and yelling all day   it's naptime like now!
feels like she got a lot accomplished today!  but still has a lot to get done 
thinks she might head to pender today after i get done with the last of the clothes   the pile is almost gone!  yay!
is so happy her parents came down and did some yardwork for us!  they are totally awesome!
"is getting sleepy, very sleepy "
"wonders \what's my motivation?\""  i really need to get my butt in gear this morning """
gets all her drama from desperate housewives and hopes her life never gets that interesting!
"feels better, but is really stressing thinking about driving tomorrow "
"went to work, found out girls are sick, took care of a few very important things, and headed back home "
is fairly sure that she needs to just plastic her entire house   i can feel all the places that draft tonight 
is having another snow day!
"thinks the day went by too fast!  i had all these things i wanted to get done, but didn't even get close to done   girls are feeling better thank goodness and really that's what matters "
is happy to be at home after all the excitement today 
thinks she should just sleep in the recliner tonight   it is so comfy right now and i don't wanna move!
"wishes she had something profound to say, but is in too much pain and is too tired to think that hard "
<propmale> was so cute playing his pretend guitar at the school concert!  but boy they need to use a sound system and not a boom box   it is a little  too redneck for me 
bowling done       sleep and then it is time to brave the crowds!  gotta pump myself up for some marathon shopping 
"is done shopping, but still has lots to do before christmas!"
bath time then bed for the lil ones   at least that's how it's suppose to work   we'll see 
"so, my daughters have new beds, which apparently makes it impossible for them to sleep   great "
"is staying in pender for the next few nights   <propfemale> will be coming here because we don't want to brave the roads again   also, i want to be with my family for christmas!"
"first round of christmas gifts opened, and now the boys have the x box 360 to play with for a while   my computer still hasn't lost it's novelty, and the girls are asleep "
yay!  i got a cricut!
"wants to go out and jump in some drifts!  but i don't think i would like the consequences   plus my kids would want to follow me, but their snowpants are in dodge "
"well, according to the 511 website, there is still no way of getting out of pender  i am still stuck "
can i make it to dodge from pender?  it still says the hiways are blocked   unless i want to go through <propmale> or something 
"made it to dodge, but not looking forward to the drive to work tomorrow "
"should really take down her tree, but feels like she just put it up   christmas sure flew by fast!"
happy new year!
attitude in 2011?  pheobe sure is bossy today   lol
is gonna play a little kinect dance central and then off to bed 
loves listening in when the girls play dolls   i think it kind of tells me how my parenting is going   sometimes it reminds me they remember everything 
is headed to the wonderful world of toy r us with the kids so they can use their christmas money from papa 
"kids passed out in the car after our toys r us adventure   mia & pheobe pooled their money to get a kitchen, and <propmale> got the toy story 3 game with a few <propfemale> wars guys "
thinks it is strange that her cat is hugging her arm   must want some of that gourmet walmart (i know) cat food i just bought him   i suppose that would taste better than the blush mia mixed in with his other food 
is frustrated with everything right now and just needs to relax and or go to bed 
is beyond done with this whole winter thing   nothing works when it's this cold out!
white
"how did we meet? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that, answer for me****please participate! this should be fun!"
just looked at the 511 site and discovered northeast nebraska is closed!
it only took 1 whole day but cookies are done!
you would think that being stuck at home for 3 days would mean my house would be spotless   you'd be wrong   but i do plan on getting a lot done today 
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer?   dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen "
forgot how addicting family tree things are!  i already added almost 100 people and i know i am missing a ton of people 
is beyond tired of little girls that won't sleep!
"i know what i like, and i'm gonna get it   friday!!!"
"wants to go to omaha and use her gift card   if i sneak out before everyone wakes up, do you think they would be confused enough to think i went to work?  lol"
wishes things could just be simple   i am so sick of having to do extra because of dishonest people 
"<propfemale> 1, ice 0   but what fun tomorrow can bring!  laughter is the only way to get through this blah weather "
is hoping to head to sioux city this afternoon to get some things 
never mind      
is gonna work on organizing things today 
is past the point of no return 
is hoping       beyond hope       that she can get to omaha today 
is thinking (well hoping) that the girls are actually in bed and staying in bed for the night 
had a nice evening with the family 
is missing a remote   time to tear the house apart   guess it's a good way to get cleaning done 
is working on the laundry   folding done   clothes in dressers   now just gotta get stuff <propmale> up and put away   wow i am so exciting!
headed out to get some groceries   need to think of more stuff we can make for supper 
hopes that we can figure out what's wrong with <propfirst>' shoulder   i hate seeing people in pain 
"bleep, bleep, bleeping truck!  just glad i am going to work and don't have to deal with it "
in a war with my brother in law   please help!
help!  my husband declared war on me!!!  go to my <propfemale> and help me out mafia!
"is glad it will be friday soon, but could i please actually have a decent drive to work?  please!"
is hoping the weekend slows down a little bit so i can get something done 
woohoo!  bowled a 235!
"i have a really cool idea, but we'll see if i can actually pull it off "
"together since december 27th, 1998   married march 3rd, 2006 "
"had a fun ride back from omaha!  i can see why 91 was closed, but <propfirst> got us home in one piece   of course   plus we picked up a stranded motorist "
"well, it's another day at home   wish i could actually use my vacation for a day i want off!"
wonders why people at my son's school don't seem to comprehend that i actually work!  i can't call them by 3:45 when they leave a message on my house phone   grr 
rocking out with the kiddos to the horrible sounds of my voice on the american idol game 
is the next american idol!  at least according to medium setting on the game   and the kids are headed to bed 
wonders if it would be possible for my house to stay clean for 1 day   just 1 day 
"finds it hilarious that she now enjoys \matching\"" her girls' outfits   what happened to me?  lol"""
had a surprise christmas thanks to the gifts i finally picked up from my aunt <propfemale>'s!  the kids loved it!
<propfirst>       where are we going tomorrow???  i am too lazy to text you or write on your wall   lol
i will have to see where this day takes me   i believe it will get better      
had a great evening!  now i am laughing at my husband who is trying to figure out farmville!
even the largest obstacles in your path dwarf your blessings tenfold   you just have to take off your blinders cause the blessings surround you while the obstacles just stand in your path 
"ups and downs, all kinds of drama, but we make it work!  happy anniversary <propfemale>!"
wow i have had a lot of wine this morning!  i wish my kids would just get along!
"is going to attempt to be crafty, but first, a trip to the store   this should be interesting "
"busy busy busy   baby shower shopping, and bowling   that's besides all the cleaning i need to get done "
someone please send my husband a torch so he will stop whining 
wonders what excitement this week will bring!  hopefully it will just be smooth 
"todays game (i guess)-place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence    pender, nebraska"
"maybe someday my girls will actually go to sleep without attempting to put them to bed 20 times!  this is beyond ridiculous   super nanny, where are you?"
"thinks it's sad but funny how seriously people take facebook games   they're games!  if this is your life       i pity you   they're fun, but come on now   oh well, something to laugh about i guess "
believes her 3 year old may end up with better fashion sense than her 
"anyone want to go to <propfirst> the cable guy with me sunday night?  i inherited two tickets due to some annoying drama  anyway, if you want to see <propfirst> in sioux city tomorrow, text or call me!"
getting excited for the show tonight!  should be a fun roadtrip!
"i know i am really behind on my movies, but i really liked gran torino "
is still amazed how fast kids grow   <propmale> is 7 tomorrow!
is playing stay at home mom for the day and baking cupcakes for <propmale>'s class   mia is being my little helper!
hope everyone has a beautiful easter today!
"o what a beautiful morning, o what a beautiful day, i've got a beautiful feeling, friday will be a great day "
what a beautiful day?  cookout anyone?
is going for a bike ride followed by yummy food on the grill 
can't believe her baby will be 2 in a week!  occasionally i can see glimpses of what she might be like as a teenager   that is a little scary 
friday!  yay!  finally!
's baby mia is 2 today!
loves how deadliest catch reminds her of high school because they are always saying the year   <propmale> crab 09!  w o w 
mushroom season + mom = yummy mushrooms for the party on sunday!  go mom!
yucky day out but the party is still on!
"has a musical inside her head   it's quite fun, really "
wishes all of my birthday buddies a happy birthday today!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  hope you all had a great day too!
is an auntie again!  congrats <propfemale>!
"is happy she just got to see her new nephew   the girls kept wanting to take turns holding him, and even <propmale> enjoyed holding him for a lil bit "
is beyond frustrated   the girls are making me crazy 
"didn't realize that when family members go back to school, you go back to school too!  lol   fun with powerpoint tonight!  woohoo!"
"if a dream is a wish your heart makes, why does something bad always happen in mine?  lol"
is happy that <propfirst> and <propfirst> got the swingset up for the kids   they love it!
happy mother's day to all the lovely moms in my life!
is getting her new stove tomorrow!
thinks she loves her new stove!  already made some yummy brownies!
"thinks negativity is like a nasty cold   if you're around people that have it, you're more likely to catch it, and it's a pain to get rid of   positivity on the other hand, is more like growing a garden   the seed are planted, but to truely thrive, it needs to be nurtured and the weeds need to be pulled out "
will have to find a way to relax next weekend   this one went by way too fast!
is excited for <propmale>'s track meet tomorrow!  i just hope the rain stays away 
is sad <propmale>'s track meet was canceled  sad  but on the positive side i did a little landscaping in the rain!
w o w 
can't stand being sick 
"is sicker and headed to the dr  this morning   also, today it has been 8 years since <propfirst> died "
had a nice day with the kiddos even though i had to clean!
thinks today was just beautiful!
is sitting in the basement at the dentist's office 
"sure enjoyed seeing what's in the basement of the dentist's office   not!  but on the positive side, no hail damage!  yay!"
thinks the craftsman catalog is like sephora for my husband   the only difference is i don't see any makeup at sephora that costs $400+ 
"is enjoying a relaxing day at home, but thinks it would be nice to get out tonight "
"is headed out to do something for the night   don't know what yet, but we'll see how it goes   call me if you're bored & ready for a night out too!"
thinks it is a good day to grill out   come over and enjoy some food with us!  we'll even wash your car!
"relaxing at home, trying to avoid thinking that the weekend is almost over   it's not working "
thinks her daughters need to start getting along   they are fighting over lip balm 
attention friends:  i am attempting to make a grocery list   any yummy and quick food ideas would be appreciated 
has her grocery list completed   thanks everyone for the help!  i think i may have a list for next trip too!  i am so saving that post 
"saw the sunrise this morning   only because poor mia was sick and in pender with my dad and sister, but yeah, i saw the sunrise "
thinks it finally all makes sense  smile   lol
"vacation is sooo close   tomorrow will go by fast though, because i have a lot to get done "
vacation tomorrow       packing tonight 
has been in the <propfirst> since 11 smile 0   only a few hours to go!!!
osage beach woot!  i don't even care that it's raining right now 
what a beautiful morning out on the lake 
taco tuesday is awesome!  now to walk off the calories by doing some shopping   yay vacation!
"has had a great day so far   parasailing, bandanas bbq, and jetsking!"
"is home   when's the next vacation???  irritated about <propfirst> closing, and don't want to finish unpacking "
"had our own little fireworks display for the kids tonight since <propfirst> has to work tomorrow   then wp for me & the kiddos tomorrow, i think "
"had a great night at the west point park with the kids   they loved the bouncy castle, loved the sno-cones, loved the park, and most of all loved the fireworks!"
wow   the things kids say 
"sometimes, when i just sit back and observe, i realize a lot more people like soap opera drama than will admit it!"
is headed to the sas museum with the kids!  and yes that includes <propfirst> 
"guesses buzz \light beer\"" is coming with us to the sas museum   gotta love that!"""
is not surprised   it's time for <propfirst>' annual trip to the hospital   boooooo
s t o p  class   yay      
has a feeling it will be a looooong week 
just found out <propfirst> is having foot surgery on wednesday    sad 
's hubby has surgery at 8 am   hoping it goes well and is over fast 
is waiting for <propfirst> to get out of surgery   started a little after 8 
surgery went well   he's in recovery now 
"is sitting at methodist wondering wth happened   surgery went fine, but i really don't feel like talking to select specialty hospital or home health   this is going to be longer than i thought "
is gonna bring the kids to toy story 3 in west point sometime this weekend   we need some laughs 
really would just like to convince herself that things will get better   but i really need people to cooperate for this to work   lol
"stayed at the hospital with the kids last night, headed out to eat breakfast and then home "
is off to west point to see toy story 3 
has no idea what's going on   all i know is it's monday 
"thinks her children are very lucky they have their looks, because the attitudes tonight were horrible!  lol   i just need some sort of normal back "
"wonders if anyone else watched \know your numbers\"" and thought it was extremely creepy """
is amazed at how much pheobe has grown over the past year!  happy 4th birthday on the 4th to my little <propfemale>!
needs some normal   any day now please 
is at the er in omaha with <propfirst> 
is freezing   apparently this is the place to be to beat the heat 
"thinks she will be doing a long, early morning drive "
"drive, drive, drive, drive, work, drive, drive   where did sleep go?"
home   both of us   finally 
"'s husband just got a call that he can join the nursing program   that's great, except he is still on the wound vac and just got out of the hospital "
is relaxing with a <propfemale> in hand   weekends are awesome!
finds a wealth of worthless information on facebook   which is exactly why it's so addicting   lol
saw a deer in the middle of dodge   thanks for reminding me i live in the middle of nowhere!  lol
the laundry <propfemale> needs to get to my house pronto!!!
is hoping dad's surgery goes well 
heard from mom that surgery went well and that dad is now just waiting to get the ok to eat   he should be home tomorrow 
"hates proofreading papers   i have a strong urge to just do the papers myself so they are right!  grrr you guys   you know you get extra credit if a peer reviews it, right?"
needs a motivational speaker to help me when i'm cleaning 
"is now having trouble with texts    if you texted me yesterday, i just got it "
"is fascinated by \the colony \""  you just have to watch it to get it """
"some people just can't handle the truth   don't worry, it'll catch up to you   i promise "
headed out for a drive in the 'maro tonight thanks to <propfemale>    smile 
"16 years on earth, and 9 years in heaven   we love and miss you <propfirst> "
had a nice day out with the fam & <propmale> e   lol
it felt so nice to have an extra day to get some stuff done and spend time with the kiddos   this is how the weekends should feel!
just doesn't understand some things   insurance is one of these things 
really needs a dishwasher   those dishes won't listen to me and just wash themselves!  at least if i had a dishwasher the dishes wouldn't be giving me dirty looks 
is bored   very bored   help!!!
is headed to the demo derby 
"is not looking forward to tomorrow   however i have been smoke free for 6 weeks and 4 days, so i guess threats work "
thanks everyone for the encouragement!
"ended up staying home for the day, just lazing around "
is headed out to the last fling   hopefully they have some good food cause i'm starving!!!
"likes the scent of cinnamon rolls, but also likes to eat them   when they make a warmer that actually makes the food it smells like, or transports you to the places with those scents, let me know, cause that would be worth my time    smile "
is looking for something fun to do tonight   i need to unwind a bit 
is rearranging the kitchen cabinets   how exciting and adventurous of me!  lol (someone come save me)
"ended the night on the porch in a snuggie, watching master chef on the computer and drinking a green apple smirnoff   now i am off to bed "
"i am going to be a follower today, so i have a question for you all   how did we meet?"
needs more cheese for all the whine i have in this house 
is walking at skyview over lunch 
thinks maybe she should try to start her nightly walks a little earlier 
is enjoying poppy's with the kiddos and my parents 
"has a sick kiddo    <propmale> is drama at times, but he is definitely sick "
"wants things to get better, but has no idea how to do it   if things could just be as simple as they used to be it would be a cinch "
some days i just need a redo button because nothing turns out right   then i remember tomorrow is another <propmale> to try to make things better 
"is watching a movie   a movie rated above pg!  better write that on the calendar, b c who knows when it\ll happen again """
is spending the morning at the children's reading festival with <propmale> 
is looking for 2 people who want to go to the funnybone and see <propfirst> medicine hat with us   we have 2 extra free tickets for the 10 pm show 
wishes the weekend could slow down a bit   i don't feel rested and renewed yet!
you can ask me 3 questions (only in my inbox       thats the rule)   any question   no matter what or how crazy it is i will answer   you have my full honesty   but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get 
had some ups and downs today but is hoping that all the good things pan out!
has a sick lil girl and a nice sized headache   the day can only get better   naptime!
like this status and i wil tell u 1 something i learned from lookin at ur wall for 13sec 2  the color u remind me of  3  my 1st memory of u  4  an animal u remind me of  5  ask u somethin ive always wondered about u  6  my favorite thing about u  7  give u a weird nickname  8  challenge u 2 repost this!
now knows not to look at blogs that look funny   before i knew it i was in this strange trance where i had to look at more and more   i almost didn't make it out!
thinks her husband has a problem   a tv commercial problem   specifically the ones for insurance   is there a support group for that?
"my bank handed out screwdrivers for their 25th anniversary   fancy adaptable screwdriver <propfemale>, but could they be more obvious about it ;p"
i'm the wife who's sick of her husband's statuses so i hide him in my news feed   now where's that hide <propfirst> button in real life?  lol ;p
"'s house is finally getting roofed today   it's a little late, but it's getting done "
is eating & then getting ready to party   woot!
"had a great time last night, and is hyped for the trick or treating tonight!"
"has so much to do that she needs to give herself a \lunch break \""  of course that includes checking facebook   lol"""
is married to the oldest acting 32 year old i have ever seen 
has a broken tv  sad   tv repair anyones specialty?
loves how excited and happy my kids can get with the smallest of things   i try to catch some of their enthusiasm to keep me going 
"hears the wind howling outside and i think it's mad i have yet to wrap my house in plastic and weather stripping   whatever, i don't want to hear it "
"so i just got the glaze and stuffing for the turkey on sunday   the vodka wasn't too pricey, but man did i have to get a lot of valium!  that is how you make a turkey, right <propfemale>?"
made it through thanksgiving at my house without any <propmale> disasters!  woot!
"is glad to have the girls back at home, even though mia and i don't feel very good "
wishes everyone a blessed thanksgiving!
"word of the day:  balloonicle!  yeah they've had them for a few years now, but i love that word!"
"believes that if you already have your christmas shopping done, you are an overachiever   and i may just be jealous  playful  "
is shopping in fremont   feel free to come join me!
"needs to get some stuff done before bowling tonight   cleaning machine!!! (not me, i just need one   anyone have one i can rent for cheap?)"
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6), there shouldbe no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories to raise awareness for violence against children "
enjoying cheesecake factory with my sis after some intense makeup shopping   great girls night out!
has totally awesome parents!  they have to be to put up with me 
"i'm home, so it's time to play the <propfirst> game!  please send me a message to my inbox with a number in between 0 and 1000, and i will post your number and what i truely think of you on my status  send away!!  smile "
"62- we've never really <propmale> out, not even in high school, so i don't know you very well   high school was, well, high school   anyway it seems like you are trying hard to give your son the best and doing a good job of doing that!"
165 - i really don't know you   i think you have had to deal with a lot of things and have the strength to get through them 
"26- i remember you being a cheerful, happy, fun person to be around when we were in college   i hope that hasn't changed  smile    i think you are someone who works hard to make her son's life e playful eriences the best possible, and takes the time to enjoy and appreciate the little things "
"1- you tend to be a bit cocky, but usually can back it up   you're funny, with a sense of humor i can be jealous of at times  you also know how to make someone feel good about themselves   and you make cute kids "
"3- you seem wise beyond your years   but you're not stuck up about it, you're approachable   it seems like you accept people as they are and just chill   you're an awesome mom who makes everyday moments with her son special "
"2010 - well, at first i thought you were shy, but then i realized it was a pretty messed up situation, lol   after careful review i think you are a person who makes friends for life   you look past people's faults and mistakes and see the good in people, even if you have to squint a little "
"325 - i have always seen you as a risk taker   you were always the person who would rather make her own path than blindly follow what everyone else was doing   you were great fun to <propfemale> out with, even if that fun could lead to some trouble!"
"02-i think you are still trying to figure out what you want in life, and find where you fit   i want you to be able to find what fits you instead!!!  i also think you are a great friend and that we need to have a girls night out sometime "
"17- you saved my butt, and i am forever grateful   i think you are strong in your discipline, ethics, & willpower   but unlike some people i know like that, you also have a warm heart, compassion, and caring (not just for animals either  wink  despite what you said) that make you a fun and inspiring person to be around   you are an awesome mom that tries hard to make memories with her little boy everyday  smile "
"22-you are protective, loving, and a good listener   this also leads to you being bossy, stubborn, and opinionated at times   but i know you do it with love   smile   you make me laugh and help me out when i need a hand   you are my best friend for life!"
will put up the tree today since we can't go see <propfemale> 
is headed out to see <propfemale> 
"enjoyed yet another night of pitch, but wonders:  if i bowl and play cards every weekend, does that mean i am getting old?"
is nervous about <propfirst>' dr  appointment today   praying whatever's wrong is fixable 
wishes moments of joy were as easy to relive as times of pain 
took a long nap!  i suppose i should wrap some presents now 
"had fun playing kinect games with the girls last night   pheobe is all excited to play kinectimals, but it's at mom's house   can't wait for the super cuteness!"
hates the bleeping fog 
is hoping to be able to do something for new years <propfemale>!  any ideas?
is so glad she has the day off today   i will stay warm and toasty in front of the heater and avoid driving   yay ato!
what a frustrating week!  let's hope this isn't a preview for the rest of the year    hoping the weekend improves my mood 
"i hate to sound a little preachy, but i keep seeing this status about god not being allowed in schools   god is in my heart wherever i go   i don't have to make a public pronouncement of it 24 7   be respectful and show people god's love by your actions, not by force "
"is snowed in for the day   <propmale> was so tired he went to bed before 7 and is still not awake, so he doesn't know school was cancelled   he will be excited "
so where have i been?  they changed the the zodiac signs?  what?
relax + laundry = this is an invalid function   please try again 
"doesn't much like this weird dizzy feeling i can't get rid of, so will probably attempt to sleep it off "
"finds it interesting that the fridge is \too cold!\"" for mia to put the pop back in it   shouldn't have got it out in the first place baby!  i love kid logic """
actually had a productive weekend   who knew they existed?
will find that camera cord after i de-clutter the entire house   this is gonna take a year or two 
is considering going to deno's for karaoke   maybe   if i can find someone to drag along 
is having card night at the house   the more the merrier!
"ahhh!  quit shooting the <propfemale>!  i have had some good hands, but not that good "
learned a new diva trait today   apparently ice pops are to cold to hold and need paper towels around them 
thinks the only positive thing to being sick today is that the weather also is sick   it matches how i feel 
"still hasn't found the cord to the camera   grrr  hey, i know!  i could take pics of the pics with my cell phone and upload   lmao, i don't think so!"
apparently i don't taste as good as <propmale>   lmao!
"is trying some mind tricks   if i stare at the laundry long enough, can i get it to fold itself and go into the drawers?  i'll find out today "
is enjoying abc family today   pixar film are so funny 
wants the heater vent from the house on 5th street to appear at my house   sunheat's not the same!
"forced torture   after parent teacher conferences an extremely tired, screaming toddler, i decided to bite the bullet and just give the cat a bath "
<propmale> thinks i should get off work early today since it's valentines day   he was surprised i had to work    <propfemale> cute!
knows someone needs to get over themselves and suck it up 
"on a more positive note, yummy!  cheddar biscuits!"
"had a loooong day, saw a beautiful baby, and is now relaxing with the kiddos watching over the hedge "
wishes everyone would try a little harder to understand others and stop being so self centered 
<propmale> and colbert are about the only people that can make me laugh about politics when i'm to the point i start to question whether thinking is obsolete 
thinks saturday night would be a great night for a girls night out!  let's make it happen!
pampered chef party food for lunch   yum!
"is amazed how much drama some people feel the need to stir up   thank goodness i don't need anything stirred, and nor is anyone doing the stirring, but seriously people, the world would be a better place if you just myob when it comes to most things "
had a late night but it was fun   now it's time to see how i can hold up at a kid's birthday party with only a few hours sleep    smile 
"great birthday party despite the servers & wait for food   man, kids grow up way to fast!"
"just got done watching unstoppable, great movie   only one lil one still up, but she is being good "
"horders:  buried alive makes me feel a little less crazy   mostly because i can walk on my floor   ahh, the simple pleasures "
"had a wonderful time at two cute kiddos birthdays   my niece justenne turned 5 (she's growing up too fast!), and a friend's kiddo, kolten, had his 1st birthday party "
"doesn't like homework   how would a 2nd grader know what a herpetologist is?  i wasn't sure, but it sounded dirty   thank you google for filling in the blanks before i spell out the whole word   lol"
has a strange feeling today is going to end up like the rest of the week 
"is immersed in lego <propfemale> wars cupcake ideas   i think i'm getting in a little deep for a person who barely makes boxed cupcakes that look cool, but hey, i can dream "
"it's easy bake day!  their frosting just won't do the trick though, so we've got some packaged stuff "
chocolate chocolate cookie dough cupcakes at my house   nom nom nom 
happy birthday to <propmale>!  can't believe you're 8 already!
i love the complexities of things   it makes life so much richer than judging by first looks or soundbites 
has too many feelings right now   an overwhelming sense of confusion reigns above them all    annoyed 
last night one of my windows decided it no longer wanted to be attached to my house   thank goodness it was only an outer window 
is changing the party to the 17th since i am a goof and didn't think about easter before setting a date 
had kindergarten round up with pheobe tonight   she is growing up so fast!
"<propmale> says \i drink milk out of a face \""  he has 7 pages of homework due monday because he was sick on thursday   this is gonna suck """
"grocery shopping day, aka lets go wander walmart for 3 hours day, has arrived!"
"absolutely needed some dyac laughs tonight and was not disappointed!  dyac, i'm addicted!"
<propfirst> won the allied health science scholarship at northeast   now if we only knew what allied health is       lol   congrats hun!
"thinks sometimes the smallest, most innocent things bring back floods of memories of you   i wouldn't have it any other way, even when i cry  smile "
"is cleaning cleaning cleaning for tomorrow, and praying the weather continues to get better "
is ready to party!
happy 3rd birthday to my baby girl mia!  time flies!
just got her butt kicked on the kinect <propmale> of the ring   <propmale> and pheobe are getting too good at this!
loves friday nights!  even when i can't seem to figure out how to bowl it's still the best 
is planning on getting to an easter egg hunt today if these kids shape up   i don't like whine in the morning 
hopes everyone has a happy easter!
"i think i need to go to bed   i'm talking to <propmale>, tuck, and <propfemale> <propfemale> on wonderpets   \this is serious \"""""
is having a <propfemale> <propfirst> kind of night 
i think i will do what everyone says and have a great day   thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"bored, bored, bored, bored"
is at my nephew's 1st birthday party!  happy birthday liam!
this is the first 3 hour fit mia's had in a long time   i have the feeling she feels about the same way i do 
osama bin laden is dead!  they finally got him!
repo games is just scary   how do they pick people that stupid?
"watching <propmale> jam out to the dodge elementary jr  high band playing <propfemale> wars was definitely the highlight of the day!  they decided to play it at the concert just because they knew he would like it, and did he ever!"
is attempting this thing called yardwork   please feel free to stop by and bring beer 
"mother's day   a day to remind all mothers that while fathers can have other interests and lives outside of raising children, your family would might fall apart if you do too much extra "
i would like to wish a happy mother's day to my mom <propfemale> glissman who is hopefully hunting mushrooms right now   happy mother's day!  i know you have done more for me than i will ever realize or know!
waiting for motivation   it's running late as usual   doesn't it know that monday's already come and gone?
