d81f18805c541534169c14b202db4a6e
so glad im off work   
big brother in ten minutes! its pathetic how much i like that show
so tired    hate my job
tequllia yumm
i got paid!
is so happy she doesn't have to work today!
can't decide what i want to do tonight   
so relieved and happy now !
had an awful day  sad 
is still sick but getting better  smile 
feels so much better! had a good day too  smile  for the most part
i need a new job !
i love wearing a new outfit!
is lovin life!
i need a new job  sad 
i love my new job  smile 
at&t and an iphone? or verizon and an envy touch?    
"there is nothing that is thrown at me that with the help of god, i can't handle "
hopeless romantics are only hopeless in the eyes of those who don't believe in romance 
do any one else's houses make creepy noises when they're home alone  annoyed 
one day off  smile  and then eleven in a row  sad 
back to school soon!! is it weird that im so excited?
i feel so much better about life now!!! and im so much happier! goodbye super one foods!
after nextwednesday im never working in a grocery store again! and i advise you all to do the same  smile 
"new laptop today, new glasses and hair cut tomorrow! life is good  smile "
i retract all previous statements i made about <propfirst>'s day    it was one of the best nights of my life  smile  hope you all had a good one too !  love 
i just got home from a terrible date  sad  hope everyone elses night was better than mine haha!  love 
got my tax return! yeah <propmale>  playful 
who knew running could be so exhilirating? haha i definitely have to do this more often!
"drink with my girls tonight? yeah <propmale>, hit me up!"
so much to do and so little time   
just got home from working 12 and a half hours    i cant e playful ress how much my feet hurt
i love relaxing sundays on my couch  smile 
if you should return to me    we truely were meant to be  love 
if you haven't seen the girl next door you are definitely missing out !
got my juicy bag in the mail !!! so excited! its so cute!!!! love 
ordered my books online    soooo much cheaper  smile 
"watched snow white and the seven dwarfs last night, love disney love "
good weekend  smile 
car broke down again    right before im supposed to be at work    grrr
siicckkk ugh   
ughhh sick two days before my birthsay  sad 
i start school tomorrow!!! woohoo!!!! is it weird that im this excited ??? im such a nerd  smile 
i love sundays    at least when im not working  smile 
"cancelled class, beautiful day, relaxation, and new clothes     life is good"
another beautiful day!!! lovin life  smile 
my legs feel like jello haha  what should i have for dinner?
im not sure what to do now but ill keep on praying
"every generation laughs at the old fashions,\but religiously follows the new "
my 3 yr old cousin is a huge smart ass hahahaha
what to do today?
"\and i wonder if i ever cross your mind   for me it happens all the time\"""""
one more final tomorrow morning and im finally done! til next quarter that is  smile  start my new job on monday as well woohoo!!!! no more penneys yay!!
back from camping  so much fun!
loving my new job!
happy friday the 13th!!!!
someone save me from my boredom     
"stand up for what you believe in -\even if your standing alone  love "
hungover   time to lay by the pool  smile 
"somewhere a firefighter is missing his family while caring for yours  in the minuteit takes you to read this, firefighters all over the world are saving lives  it's firefighters appreciation week    repost this if you are a firefighter, love a firefighter, or appreciate a firefighter!!"
getting drunk tonight? i think yes  wink 
interview tomorrow wish me luck!
"\a bible that is falling apart usually belongs to a person who isn't \"""""
two job interviews this afternoon!! wish me luck!
i need to find a new church   any suggestions?
even on my weakest days i get a little bit stronger  
"work, church, amens, sharis, chocolate chip cookies, and <propfemale> land  i had a good day  smile "
"this lullaby is only a few words\a simple run of chords\quiet in this spare room \but you can hear it, hear it\whereever you may go\i will let you down\but this lullaby plays on    "
'like' my status and ill tell you 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your <propfemale> for 13 seconds 2  the color you remind me of 3  my first memory of you 4  the animal you remind me of 3  my first memory of you 5  ask you something i've always wondered about you 6  my favorite thing about you 7  give you a w   eird <propmale> name 8  challenge you to post this
it's that time of year where we just drink more instead of dressing warmer!
halloween weekend = f'ing insane!!!
i have to go get my drivers license tabs and insurance    ugh
the sandwiches from my work are so amazing   im never going to subway again  laugh 
<propfirst>'s song = amazing movie!!
about to go to my new apartment!! so excited!  laugh 
pizza   yes  smile 
"oh man this made me laugh\\       dear scissors, \\i feel your pain    no one wants to run with me either \sincerely, <propfemale> palin "
mmmmm chocolate chip cookies  love 
i love thanksgiving leftovers  love 
"\you are my sweetest downfall\"""""
"\every generation laughs at the old fashions but religiously follows the new\"""""
today was officially my last day of school! it's official people  i have my a a  degree
one day i wanna copy someone's status word for word just to see if they notice
"6510: i'm so glad we were friends  you are probably the sweetest person i know  man we had some good times  i'll never forget staying the night at charlys on falcon, and her older brother came over  we couldnt get you to stop drooling over him  of course i couldnt either  smile  and for some reason we stayed in <propmale> roon that night, dont remember why i think we were playing video games "
"im glad for the number game just because of this  this shit is hilarious!\\#402  you were a one night stand that overstayed your welcome  and now, you're stalking me on facebook  awkwaaaaaaaaard!"
"69: we definitely have some beer pong memories  smile  didnt know you for very long but you're a great person and i had a lot of fun with you  as im sure you know i also had a big crush on you  but, alas, got totally turned down! all in all, we had good times and im glad i got to know you "
high off pain meds but hyper off steroids    whoa i feel weird
"last night was awesome! \who said that paragraph?!?!\"" \""stop vulture man!\"""""
why is it so hard to find an affordable but still somewhat nice apartment??
"this one might be fun   \inbox only! 2010 is almost over, confess something you've always wanted to tell me (message me), it will stay between us  copy this and post it to your status  you might be surprised at what you get!!!!"
"do sore thumbs really stick out? have you ever looked a thumb and said, wow that baby is sore?  "
"bubble bath, chicken <propmale>, and <propmale> potter  smile "
"i just scrubbed a bowl for fifteen minutes because whatever substance, (that was making me gag the whole time from the smell), wouldnt come off    2 more months and i will never have to wake up to a dirty ass house again!!"
"no more phone, hit me up on facebook"
court this morning   so tired  
mmmmmm     venom  smile 
thats right baby! go green bay!
this valentines day will never top last year   neither will any valentines day after that   i think ill just stop acknowledging the holiday altogether   either that or by myself chocolates  smile 
phones off      again haha
"hashbrowns, eggs, bacon, and english muffins  really want it    dont want to spend the time to make it"
i'm an aries damnit and that ain't ever changing!
when i eventually get a house the first thing i'm doing is building a treehouse in the backyard   whether i have kids or not
im craving an <propmale> <propmale>   
"i find this hilarious!\\a student comes to a young professors office  she glances down the hall, closes his door, kneels pleadingly \\i would do anything to pass this exam \""\",d81f18805c541534169c14b202db4a6e,it's so fluffy i'm gonna die!!! love 
love my new house!
anyone wanna buy a digital camera?
somebody stole my pickles  surprise 
thats what happens when you let the licorice drive
my 21st is on saturday! im so excited!
