ca0115927fa6aeca14ee899e58d051e1
out with old in with the new  happy old years and happy new year to you all 
we made! the world has not end  a new year to do new things  live your life like it started today 
finally the <propmale> has arrived to facebook!
the night closes down upon us like a shadow of an unseen being  we can not change things we cannot control  we just have to embrace it  but fear not the sun is on it way! we have a new day to get things doen 
"the sons of the father shall rise? like the phoenix from the ashes   ascending to the right hand of the kings of kings , lord of lords, conquering lion of the tribe of judea  a thousand years is but a day to the father and time is just a moment "
takin over the world one day at a time 
"i pave my own way in life  neaver a follower, always a leader  to the haters in the whole you will always see my back  cause im always one step ahead of you "
"they say neaver turn ur back on your enemies, but i do cause i fear no man or beast \im always moving forward  so my enemies are left behind me staring at my back "
fuck the world  get money  thats the only thing that makes me happy! cause it can buy all i <propfemale>!!!!
heaven is a mile away  just spread ur wings and have faith  it will take you there 
"yeah i once again changed my name  im gona keep this one dow  cause these 3 are part of my whole name (yeah its alot, i know)"
"money is not everthing  if it was we would eat, drink, breate and shit money  and we would neaver run out of it!"
"just went back in time and saw passion of the christ \that movie is really deep! he die for us  and people dont believe in him!\so fuck the non believers! i love jesus christ!!!!!"
once again i journey threw pain and ink
"just came from a good workout  another work day ahead of me \but first ps3 baby!!!!"
another day of work day in hell  when will my torment be over 
"when people hate you and mistreat you  remember one thing \they hated him first! so if they could hate the lord than who am i not to follow in his foot steps  so hate me as much as you like  my rewards are in heaven "
"looks like im married to trouble  cause it always follow me \yeah you guessed it im in trouble again "
when it rains with pours  when it snows it storms  this is what you do  grab an umbrella and a coat  and just wait it out  it does not rain all the time 
tomorrow is never promised  not even later today  so grab the bull by the horns and embrace your <propfemale>  cause you might not have another <propmale> 
you show me a good man and i will show you a woman who does not see him 
"i saw <propfirst> q the other day  i was really touch by that movie \how many off yall will do what ever it takes including diein for your love ones?"
they say school days is the best days  that statement is so true! back then you did not have a care in the world  just go to school and have fun with your friends  now years have past and its just a memory  but i still think about my school days 
my nephew is a friday 13th baby!!!!!!
know matter where i go or what i do  im trini to the bone!
"not everyone that smile with you are your friends  they smile but they not really happy when you make movements towards a better life  you need to find out who ur true friends are, and keep them close  cause good friends are hard to come by  as for the rest of them  if they not with you, they are against you  get rid of them like the garbage they are!"
"just finished watch avatar  greatest movie i seen in a look time !!!!!!\if you have not seen it, you are missin out  its a got to see flick!!!"
"with my back against the wall facing a army of haters been on my destruction  i fear no evil for my heavenly father is with me \jah jah heals all, protects all and care for all "
finally back on days  i was tired as hell today  im still on that night mood 
i throw up the east even dow im a savage beast form the west indies!
"the prez is about to end the war overseas  \the troops are finally coming home!!!!!"
"it cost us 7 hundred billion dollars for that war in iraq \i guest know we can use that money to build up usa "
finally on leave  chillin with da family 
enjoyin time with my la familia
im likin it out here  da kid gonna become a country boy soon enuff 
time for a new chapter in my life to begin 
good things come to does who wait  those who give <propmale> will capture their prey  those who seek they surely will find 
me and trouble are soulmates  we are met to be  cause we always seem to find each other  you guess it  da kidd is in trouble can 
changes always happens wheather you like it or not  just roll with punches and keep it moving  you a loser if u just give up and fell sorry for yourself 
dang we flooded as fuck out here in va! when is this gonna end!
"with my back against the wall, surounded my haters and enemies that plot my down fall \there is a spot light shinning down from the heavens on my poor soul  i am comforted and i gain strength  for i know the lord is with me  and i am his faithfull servant  so he will guide and protect me from all you haters and enemies! for the lord is with me, no enemies can stand against me "
f <man of his word>
the lord walks with you threw out ur whole life  when you think he is not around and you cant find him any where  he is carrying you threw the most difficult times of your life and he is making you stronger for the more difficult times ahead (what dont kill you make you stronger )
if i fell and i woke up in the valleys of hell  where can i find the stairway to heaven?
life is what you make it  if you dont make movements how do you e playful ected to succeed in life? if you dont try then you will always be thinking what if 
why the fuck cant women make up their minds?
"you dont trust someone only by the words they say  but also by their actions \because if there words and actions dont match up, then there is a big problem!"
"im tired of fake ass niggaz out here in these streets  they claim to be ur homie , but they really not  so im treat yall niggaz like roaches and get rid of yall  if the cap fits, where it bitches!"
"the countdown to armageddon is close at hand  20 days and i will invade the south \it will be the beginning of the hostle takeover of the south  east coast back in affected!"
"life is full of lessons  sometimes you learn from ur mistakes, sometimes you are doom to repeat them  you should learn a lesson after the 3rd time "
"be carefull who you trust  cause that might be ur enemy in disguise  they pretend to be ur friend only to get close to you, and you drop ur guard  then like a viper they will strike quick and fatal! putting that knive deep into ur back "
"the countdown to a new life awaits me  new place, new people to me, new things to do  always forward moving neaver back tracking "
"all military members  prior service and currently on active duty, \national guard, and reserves  show your pride and respect for the \fallen  change your display pic to one of you in uniform  leave it there\unti after veterans day   <propfemale> we fight for you   !"
fuck call of duty  yall dont want to see me in fight night!
sometimes im to fucking real for people  i say the things out loud that people only thing about  i do the things that people only dream about  im a real motherfucker that do what i want and say what i want and any given moment  u can call me the  x-factor
watchin raw  people are fake! wrestleing is real!!!!
the invasion of the south begins  doomdays in 7 days  i begin da east to the dirty south  we taking over 
breaking news the tropical storm s bastien is on its way to tennessee  it will be there in 7 days  total chaos is a most  who they ready for the likes of me  casue they aint neaver seen a elemental force from da west indies 
"well my peps  im about to leave soon  to all da people im cool with, best wishes to yall  its been fun  to da haters and phoney people out there  yall know who yall are  fuck you! hope you drown in da pool of ur own negetive! if i see yall again in life, gunshot to ur fuck head bitches!"
happy thanking to all my people & fam!
meant to say happy thanksgiving  yall know what da fuck i mean 
they tried to assassinate ur boy! but they did not  it takes more than a stomach bug to stop me! tried again haters!
free at last! free at last!
thank you to all those wishing me a happy birthday  im really touched by yall comments 
yeah u knew it  i aint no one minute man  i poke over and over again 
i aint mr  stealyourgirl  im mr  fuckyourgirl  cause i dont want to keep her  i just want to fuck her in her dirty hoe-mouth  how my nuts taste bitches!
shit happens for a reason  either to build you up or fuck you up! but the thing is what are you gonna do  get up and fight harder  or be like a bitch lie down and continue to get fucked!
life is about learning from past mistakes and not repeating them  after that we just bide our time here and then we just die  sometimes life suck!
the way i see it you go down a path in life for a reason  it makes you stronger for the tuffer shit ahead  so learn ur lessona know matter what they might
the devil is always in the mood for mind games  always showing things you really want but cant uptain at that moment  from now on i say fuck the devil im just take what the fuck i want  so if you now for the cause than fuck you to 
<propfemale> christmas and have a happy new year to all my homies and family members 
waiting on da new year to begin  so i can be reborn and start a new 
"its a new year, for new things  trying to get up kama right  putting da haters behind me and jah jah b4 me  all my west indian massvie do you feel me?!"
"i do what i do, when i do, how i do and i dont give a fuck what you klowns think!\my life is for me to live how i see fit  if you aint with this then fuck you to  biitches!"
watched the game last night  it was off the chain  but it was kind of crazy to  2 years later and everyone has changed so much  if i was tete i would knock <propmale> ass out  just like what <propfirst> did to his moma 
"in the shadows plotting against haters and devils  i strike faster than a cobra and my venom is 10 times more toxic! you wont c coming it till the very last moment, when i pounce on ur worthless lives  qutoe campo nevermore meaning!!!!!"
"sometimes i think death gotta be easy, because life is hard  it will leave you physically, mentally and emotionally scarred "
went to <propfemale> garden and had a blast 
"b^atb^h a nigga slippin, then his blood start drippin  this fool want to <propmale>, but he out of lub^k  bsg!"
the way i see it  you make me famours the more you talk about me  those who dont know me now they because of you  so continue talking about me so more people could know my name and know who i'm  i thank you for being my hater!
just like the phoenix bird  i raise from my ashes and reborn and twise as wise  so da ur traps would not affect me a second time  you build a better trap i create a wiser mouse   quote the <propfemale> nevermore!
"im still fly, im sky high and dare anybody to try cut my wings!  im still shutting blocks down evertime i come around  haters im still doing my thing!"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=te0rj52z55zvnlt8h83h\\ _frsthgl"
u every craved something u neaverhad? so how do u know if its good for u? or meant for u?
"another day gone  another day to come \mr  x factor"
new day for new things  lets get it!
bazzville99
