5a6f457d97af61e27738ca0605cf02de
food then party
i love my friends  and i could really go for another strawberry daiquiri
god damn fly landed in my coffee! so i drown it in the coffee  fucking bastards
having a beer and a cigarette  bored! help?
i need gas money  sad 
what if the matrix is real? maybe we are just a memory inside a computer  each universe could be just a random senerio created by the computer! how can we feel stuff when we can never touch anything? that would be pretty insane
home alone   time to go out and get fucked up
my brain feels likes it's going to throw up
well i was arrested     for car hoping  i now have 2 felonies and my court date is august 11th  i fucking hate cop dogs but they bite like pussys
all i got! all i got was insane!
this site should be renamed to ignorebook
9 more days    maybe thing will change for the better
listen to my profile song  it's badass
"got to move around 5000+ pounds of dirt today, how exciting   "
boooo     court tomorrow morning
"once i drink the magical elixir alcohol, i am transformed into tim-o-ta-o the enraged viking sent from the gods of valhalla!! on a holy crusade to seek and destroy babies!"
"when shit hits the fan in your life, it's always nice to have atleast one good friend who actually gives a shit for you    i see all your guys updates and everyone seems to care    yet i could say i was going to kill myself tonight and not a god damned one of you fuckers would give a flying shit   thanks <propfirst> your a true friend "
i'm so sick of summer already    i want some fucking snow
"after all, what's the point?\\course levitation is possible \\if you're a fly, achieved and gone\\theres time for this and so much more \\it's typical, create a world\\a special place of my design\\to never cope or never care just use the key\cause he's alone\he's alone\over and over a slave\\became\\over and over a slave\\became\\over and over a slave\\became\\over and over a slave"
made 20 dollars today    yay i'm not completely broke anymore
7 days til freedom
do vegetarians poop like rabbits?
"i love the way i feel today, \but how i know the sun will fade\darker days seem to be\what will always live in me, but still i run\it's hard to walk this path alone\i don't know which way to go\will i ever save this day\will it ever change"
"im ready to die\will you kill whats left of me to stop the bleeding\shoot it, shoot it out cause they want, want it now now\shoot it, shoot it out cause they want, want it now now\suffocate integrity til im not breathing\shoot it, shoot it out cause they want want it now now\shoot it, shoot it out cause they want want it now now\feeding the wolves\dont you know better? \feeding the wolves\the taste of blood is bitter"
going to be home alone all day today    hopefully today isnt boring
mom is in texas and dad has work til 4a m     anyone want to <propfemale> today or later tonight?
shower    will return
holy crap my horoscope is true! scary
anyone want to <propfemale> later today?
finally 18
"so all you christians dont get mad at me\ i just hope the mystical magical miracles works in catastrophes\and this aint blashpemy\but artillery is my strategy\i hope for a higher power when i look at all these tragedies\but if the laws and the bible are bogus  then prepare for anarchy \worse case scenario is there never ever was a higher power\so in the midst of chaos now, the only real savior is firepower"
i have recreated hell in this pot of chilli im making 
gator don't play no shit! gator's bitches better be using jimmies!
40 hours of community service all next week
sometimes shooting people is the only way to make the world a better place
i think im going to work at the haunted mines today
holy crap!    life is boring
hopefully im not washing dishes for 7 hours straight again today 
dreaming of washing dishes    fucking community service   
27 hours down 53 to go
"psycho! groupie! cocaine! crazy!   psycho! groupie! cocaine! crazy! psycho groupie cocaine crazy, psycho groupie coke, makes you high, makes you high, makes you really want to go "
the more new people i meet in the soup kitchen  the more and more i realize that we are slaves to the government    this is depressing   
"today was fun, i love working at the mines"
i'm pretty sure doritos cures aids
"working at the haunted mines tomorrow, cant wait til halloween  "
you and me will all go down in history with a sad statue of <propfemale> and a generation that didn't agree 
the things you own end up owning you 
dreaming of screaming! someone kick me out of my mind i hate these thoughts i can't deny   
"i'll take the quiet view of life and leave you to your sorted strife  i'll take the quiet view  ffaallliinngg, ffaalliinngg, awake, faalliinngg, awake, ffaalliinngg, awake   "
haunted mines open 7 smile 0 tonight    do it!    do it now!
holy shit    what a party  
"and it pulses through, the <propfemale> to change, to deconstruct  all of my, all of my past failings  but where to begin, because when you live in sin, it's hard to look at saints, without them reflecting your jet black <propfemale> back at you  and all i have is hope and all i need is time  to bury in pine under six feet of time, the lies i told me about myself "
"counting all the assholes in the room    well im definitely not alone, well im not alone  you're a liar, you're cheater, you're a fool  well thats just like me yoohoo and i know you too "
"silent, beauty, no one, cares, silents, ending, no one is there  "
"they can't take this away, it's far from over \we can't stay in a place we don't belong \for one more day, i'm not afraid to fall \for one more day, we try to save it all "
holy hell    i am beat
yesterday was a fun night 
"love kills, romance is dead! and i don't even trust myself but, i love you! and you can pull my wings apart and pin me down on the glass until the end of days! if it can help you, discover that we share the same pain! i just hope you write your thesis before, your subject is dead! no life after death!"
"show whats it like, to dream in black and white  so i can leave this world, tonight "
"sometimes it feels like the whole wide world has made itself, my enemy  but, i will stand upon my own two feet and raise, raise my head up "
whats up with the sun? it's too bright    i want to go back to sleep 
"i never knew how brutal mouse traps were, to mice    it's amazing  chopping them in half and tearing them open! and the looks on their faces is just priceless "
"fear, it's all the same, should i evolve, to tend to these sights, said out load then said again, if fate is so wrong, you'll start to feel lightheaded, by my admission, nothing grows, just a longer list of unsorted laws  so why then, has all my life made no sound, and are your eyes closing even now, my life made no sound, i fear your eyes closing"
"let the panic bloom could help us all end up in the clear  then let the havoc choose to shape us all, push us to invent  we can feed off shame all day! we could feed off shame all day! like to be feeling the sand bring color back to both my arms the sun, let it do damage like they said it would if given <propmale>, had to be shouting your voices, scheming devils never make it through, hey way to go lad! can't wait to go!"
happy halloween you fuckers!
"i now own this fatal role that lives, imagine here's a better feel, told to dissolve or choose to fade, or stay here, you'll live  if you ever enter my mind, stay there, you'll live, defend it off and fool them all, stay there, you'll live "
who the hell got me sick? i'm hunting you down
it's party time
"dont you bring me something stupid if you dont want me to lose it, step back if you dont want me to attack im a beast, better give me the deuces  i have no tolerance for nonsense get away from me, we don't wanna get dollars dont wanna hollar but your makin me, im a little dysfunctional your the problem please dont awakin me and im that way because back in the day most have forsaken me"
"i believe in nothing\not the ehd and not the start\i believe in nothing\not the earth and not the stars\i believe in nothing\not the day and not the dark\i believe nothing\but the beating of our hearts\i believe in nothing \100 suns until we part\i believe in nothing\not in sin and not in god\i believe in nothing\not in peace and not in war\i believe in nothing\but the truth in who we are"
"i'm going to bed, the <propfemale> is trying to sleep on my keyboard    its a sign from satan!!"
silly people and there silly beliefs
"i'm a addict for dramatics, i confuse the two for love, you can tell me you don't beg \liar liar, if we're keeping score, we're all choir boys at best "
"perfection, it doesn't exist  we've all told you once and now i hear myself say it again  how can you be this fragile and still be alive  you have no will to live because your so weak  you dug your grave which you call home  we can't save you when your shoving us out of your life  we gave you unconditional grace and all you could do, was spit in our face "
"well i'm look at you through the glass, don't know how much time has passed, oh god it feels like forever, but no one ever tells you that forever feels like home, sitting all alone inside your head  how do you feel? that is the question i forget you don't e playful ect an easy answer, when something like a soul becomes initialized, and folded up like paper dolls and little notes, you can't e playful ect a bit of folks"
"i was standing on the wall, feeling ten feet tall, all you maggots smoking fags on <propfemale> <propfemale> boulevard, this is my front <propfemale>, this is my new age, all you bitches put your hands in the air and wave them like you just don't care  all you maggots smoking fags out there on sunset boulevard  all you bitches put your hands in the air and wave them like you just don't care "
boring day   
"liar! killer! demon! back to the river aras! someone's blank stare deemed it warfare  liar! killer! demon! back to the river aras! freeeeeeeeeeeeedom , freeeeeeeeeeeedom, we're freeeeeeeee, we're freeeeeeeeee"
"everyone hates me, so fuck it  blood's on my face and my hands and, i don't know why  i'm not afraid to cry but, thats none of your business! whose life is it? get it? see it? feel it? eat it? spin it around, so i can spit it in your face  i wanna leave without a trace, cause i don't want to die in this place! people = shit! people = shit! people = shit! people = shit!"
"the true believer's head was bathed in sunlight  while you were walking all detached, so tell us  where you going, to the bottom, do you hear us, we are rotting  we're going down in a spiral to the ground, no one, no one's gonna save us now, not even god, no one saved us  no one is gonna save us  where do you e playful ect us to go when the bombs fall? where do you e playful ect us to go when the bombs fall?"
"forfeit the game, before someone else takes you out of the frame and, puts your name to shame  cover up your face, you can't run a race, the pace is just to fast, you just won't last  you love the way, i look at you while taking pleasure in the awful things you put me through  you take away if i give in  my life, my pride is broken!"
"wow   i'm so bored, i'm considering reading a book to entertain myself   "
"she lights a candle but, she doesn't know why  she wants to save me but, i'm barely alive  my soul is thirsty, i just wanna get high  make her go away  now i'm hitting the walls and, she begs me to quit, and she drags me to church but, i'm scared to commit  and i'm losing my mind, cause she hides all my shit, she won't go away!"
"crack pipes, needles, pcp and fast cars  kind of mix really well in a dead movie <propfemale>  if i feel like talking i never be wrong, if i feel like walking you best come along  i close my windows, crank the heat up high, til my palms are wet and my tounge is dry  i'm looking for a mother to get me high, just a stupid motherfucker if i die, die "
"i'm a midnight fist fight, looking for a mother that will get me high, just a stupid motherfucker if i die, die "
"she wants nothing more but, to be a little whore  he wants nothing less but, to wear a little dress  she's like heroin! sipping through a little glass  i'm looking for some help, i need someone to make some cash, selling, ass "
i want to fight someone
such a lonely day and it's mine 
it's still halloween for me    fuck christmas 
facebook on xbox   cool
"all i asked for christmas was a ak-47 that could shoot beams of ionized plasma at innocent people and, i didn't get one! damn you <propfemale>! damn you to hell!!"
"great day, snowboarding tomorrow  life is good "
new years <propfemale> is going to be the shit
research poll; 48% disapprove obama  and everyone thought bush was bad    fucking retards   
"dear 2010, you were by far the worse year in my life  except haunted mines, that was good  but anyways fuck you 2010  i'm making 2011 my bitch "
getting my wisdom teeth pulled today    this is going to be fun 
"ouch, my mouth hurts a lot  sad   this sucks"
did you know getting angry at every little thing is a sign of poor brain function? yeah it's called imalitttlemoodybitch syndrome  brain cells don't properly communicate with your frontal cortex thus causing stupidity and a <propfemale> to make everyone around you miserable 
"don't text me, i don't have unlimited  i know gay but, 20 cents per text is even gayer"
new 47' tv! fuck yes!
"everyone's eyes are blue and everyone's mouth is dry and nobody wants to die, in <propfirst> nuys "
sigh   
"i see, you're a <propmale> who's been dethroned  casted out in a world you've never known  stand down, place your weapons by your side  it's our war in the end, we'll surely lose, but that's alright "
rain    wtf?
can't open messages in facebook    stupid
"watch the sun play in your hair, and i couldn't really care, care any less about you! fuck! all your false beauty, it wasn't transparent like your smile, liar! your thorns caress my flesh, crimson drops on a snowy field, liar! i've watched you retrogress, i've seen what you've become, liar! please take your eyes off of me, it's funny how fast blue eyes fade to grey, liar!"
playing all the old duke nukem games
"uummmmm     it's <propfemale> but, it's snowing  god damn colorado "
"i am not your rolling wheels, i am the highway  i am not your carpet ride, i am sky! i am not your blowing wind! i am the lightning! i am not your autumn <propfemale>, i am th the night   "
"and on my death bed, i will prey  to the gods and angels, like a pegan, to anyone who will take me to heaven  to a place  i would recall  i was there so long ago, the sky was bruised  the world was black  and there you led me on  in your house, i long to be  room by room, patiently  i'll wait for you there, like a stone! i'll wait for you there, alone   "
"topless hookah party, oh yeah haha  goodnight losers"
"the sun will set for you  and the shadow of the day, will embrace the world in grey, and the sun will set for you "
i need a job    apparently the hooker industry isn't doing so well 
"for the first time, in a long time    i feel muy bueno!"
check out my ceramic artwork album! i like criticism 
"can only see myself, is anybody here? \if you could be myself, you'd understand me clear\and if i die today, it would take my pain away\cause it's flooding and i'm drowning and it's liberating me \it keeps on raining in my mind\another storm another day \these little pills won't change my mind\cause they don't make it go away"
"bed time, after i eat more chilli "
"i talk to satan, me and him made finger paintings together  we also made kite and flew it in the park  laugh   he's real name is lucifer assholes! he would also appreciate it if you would address him as your dark lord and master  obey him!"
quit your bitching and fight your way through it 
i think hell froze over 
"went snowmobiling, i really need a snowmobile now "
became over! and over! a slave  
"i'll walk, dead or alive, i'll waste my time whenever i like, i'm feeling okay, with my whiskey hangover "
"far away in this land i must go, out of sight of the one  a punishment sent from his hands, a hardship that no one should know  now go out of sight of the one, away in this land you must go "
finally    a job interview 
"low like the grasses, low like po folks on gratiot  i'm so below the casket, ragged pulse up the maggots  why do i feel this illness, i'm looking for something to come and kill this a little bit  i got my head in the hills cause the real shit is, momma is suffering taking pills with the stillness  and i can feel it, i can't shake it, in any case my space is the basement, i can't erase my embrace of encasement "
theres only one way to settle this    mortal kombat!!!!!
"i know you like to think your shit don't stank but, <propfemale> a little bit closer seeing, roses really smell like po po po "
finally off jos    i know what i want to do 
i have a physical reaction to boredom 
"theres only 2 things i have in this world, my balls and my word  and i do not break them for anyone "
can't wait for system of a down   
"of all the horrible shit people do to each other, you tell me there's a god? get fucking real "
"by the time you come home, i'm already stoned! you turn off the tv and you scream at me! i can hardly wait till you get off my case  no matter how hard i try, you're never satisfied! this not a home, i think i'm better off alone  you always disappear, even when you're here  this is not my home, i think i'm better off alone    this house is not a home   "
overdosed on stress 
finally back from arizona 
"don't waste your time on me, your already the voice inside my head "
shots and a gas mask  that is my plan today 
"let's the panic bloom, could help us all end up in the clear? then the let the havoc choose to shape us all, push us to invite  we can feed off shame all day!"
"i'm sorry ms  <propmale> but, i am for real! never meant to make your daughter cry, i apologize a trillion times "
ravin today
yesterday was awesome 
osama bin laden is dead
"should of done something, but i've done it enough  by the way, your hands were shaking  rather waste my time with you, waste my time with you "
oh my god   there is nothing to do    
"your halo is slipping down    your halo is slipping down    your halo is slipping down, around your neck and tug you to the ground "
damn    i wish i was a rock <propfemale>
didn't know figuring out what i want to do with the rest of my life would be so difficult 
good day 
shots! time
all day i dream about sex
13 hours and 30 mins   
13 hours and 30 mins   
"got a job, yay"
system of a down today! 14 more hours
wow    i have work in 3 hours and i can't sleep 
"yay, did not pass out at work and for some reason i'm not tired"
only if life was always a party
"wait, they don't love you like i love you "
damn     i'm going to be very busy this summer 
sometimes i believe there's a higher power working against me  what a bastard 
"these days are strange, it's true  there's not a thing i would change, no mistakes that i'd undo "
"these days are strange, it's true  there's not a thing i would change, no mistakes that i'd undo "
"cause i'm in too deep and i'm trying to keep  up above in my head, instead of going under again "
it kind of feels surreal that i actually have money now 
i had a fun day
"everybody got a secret, can you tell me what is mine? can you tell me what you'll find, i'll tell if you keep it, i promise not to lie  well i have the fears, the pain and the tears, i just can't hide  it all disappears, cause everything passes with the time  all you need is a reason to believe"
why should i care 
i feel fat and happy 
what's my greatest fear? living a boring life 
well i got 2 weeks to work with    totally not enthused about moving back but oh well  so lets drink up!
im drunk! and little bored
"i just can't stop smiling!!!!! hahaha\'"
fuck you 
so   tired  
"wow i'm only sleeping 5 hours a day, wth "
"if you keep running away now    if keep running, i wonder  will you know my name?"
"well it's been a badass past 3 months but, the party will still continue "
back home 
"forever is a long long time, when you've lost your way "
got my flowlights bitches
we party everyday motherfuckers!
what does being alive mean to you?
i feel like causing trouble today 
so tired   
i hate working but god damn i love the money! i have a love and hate relationship with just about everyone and everything 
"some how i found, a way to get lost in you  let me inside! let me get close to you  change your mind, i'll get lost if you want me to "
never get caught with your pants around your ankles  best advice for life 
"normally it's not like me but, i feel like sitting in the pool of rage "
"gonna find this kid, gonna find this kid, gonna break his neck, gonna break his neck, then rip him open and play in his guts "
"all these things about me, you never can tell "
what a most excellent day to be alive 
"learning to talk again, i believe i've waited long enough "
why do mondays always suck?
i hate my parents 
i'm fucking losing it again 
another day    let's kick some ass today 
"i run this city, run this city, i run this city, right and gritty "
"if i hear you saying something about me, to the left, i've got my friends and they're ready to swing, to the back, i've got my army and they're as big as the sea "
"hanging around, downtown by myself and i had so much time to sit and think about myself and there she was, like double <propfemale> pie, yeah there she was like disco lemonade  i smell sex and <propfemale> here, who's that lounging in my chair, who's that casting devious stares in my direction  mama this surely is a dream  yeah mama this surely is a dream "
"god, i wish i was alive in the 1940's, i would fuck some nazi shit up!"
i love rum 
the thought of you gives me a headache 
need    to   rave!
i'm a little tea pot 
flowlights are coming today yay!
i think it's time for some change 
"right back what is wrong, we move along  "
where the hell is my underwear!?
"my back is in agony, time to lay in bed all day "
"you're cold with disappointment, while i'm drowning in the next room  the last contagious victim of the plague between us, i'm sick with apprehension, i'm crippled from exhaustion  and i dread the moment when you finally come to kill me "
"dreams    either bring you great joy and pure bliss or, horror and painful sorrow "
bust a move!
"9 more days til school, i had a badass summer "
charge the gates! with rust on their gear! they seek destruction and kill the function 
happy endings 
"sunset in july   rockers by my side and time is flying by  ba da bop dop da <propfirst> yeh  watching you dance and having the time of your life and it's getting me high, time is flying by, whoa oh oh oh "
fu  cking      in ter   net  fuck!
my brain    it hurts   
there's a party in my pants and you're invited    yup
cougars have snacks!
school done  nap time now  work later  sleep  work in the morning  birthday rave  my weekend has been set in stone 
"i'll write you, just to let you know   that i'm alright! can't say i'm sad to see you    go! cause i'm not, no i'm not   well i'm not, no i'm not, i'm not   i'm   not "
"some things i'll never know, and i had to let them go  some things i'll never know, and i had to let them go  i'm sitting all alone, feeling empty  i can feel the pressure! it's get closer now! we're better off without you "
"i'm not so naive, my sorry eyes can see  the way you fight shy of almost everything  well, if you give up! you'll get what you deserve!"
school  work  school  work  school  work  i hate my life lol 
12 hours of sleep and i'm still tired   wtf!
"just watch as my wildest dreams come true, not one of them involving you "
i need to get the hell out of colorado
i need help with math    what? is it wrong for a asian to suck at math? fuck you!
"you don't have to believe me  but the way i, way i see it  next time you point a finger, i might have to bend it back and break it! break it off! next time you point a finger, i'll point you to a mirror "
oh facebook   how i love to waste my precious time with you   
"gin in the morning, good day already "
"and the worst part is, before it gets any better, we're heading for a <propmale>  in the free fall i will realize, i'm better off, when i hit the bottom!"
off    nap time   
"e playful lain to me, this conspiracy against me! and tell me how, i've lost my powers!"
you know what really pisses me off? you 
drive until you lose the road or break with the ones you followed 
i sing like a angel but dance! like the devil!
hhmmm   what a bitch 
"well yeah yeah you're just a mess, do all this big talking, let's see you walk it, yeah i said let's see you walk it "
interesting events today   but it was a good day 
"look to the past and remember a smile and may tonight i can breathe for awhile  i'm not in the scene, i think i'm falling asleep but then all it means is i'll always be dreaming of you "
"screw school, i'm not going today "
bum bum bum bum bumbumbumbum bumbum bumbum bum bum bum
"went hiking, now i'm bored as hell   "
where'd you go? i miss you so  seems like it's been forever since you've been gone 
rave time 
girls in bikinis and dancing in gogo boots everywhere  take me back!
hhmm   what a refreshing nap!
totally ran a red light in front of a cop today  didn't get pulled over  smooth criminal   oh yeah!
i live and breathe partying    only if people could understand haha 
something about autumn   something wonderful
dude    shut the fuck up!
you know i'm a lot happier believing in something non-existence fake rather having no faith at all    but that's just me 
i am your wildest dreams that will never come true  i'm the manifestation of your deepest desires  but you can't reach me 
i'm a genius  screw you all 
dreams are all that i can feel 
and i'm getting bored awaiting around for you  we're not getting any younger  and i won't look back cause there's no use  it's time to move forward  i feel no sympathy 
let the flames begin 
i'm as bright as the sun  i burn up all that i choose 
"it's taking up our time again  go back, we can't, go back at all \it's taking up our time again  go back, we can't, go back at all!\it's taking up our time, taking up our time   "
looking back    things seem that they were predestined to happen  or i'm just crazy 
i'm content with dreaming the rest of my life away 
i'm bored as hell  why does this always happen?
i forgot how much i love my extended family 
"you can't buy me love but, i'll kick your ass for free "
anarchy is liberation 
