3da3f77fd22922098af1f22556f4e651
"happy new year, greenwich mean time, time for bed"
im staring to think everyone on fb was drinkinghardcre lastnight   its been barren for quite a while
"boy, having a couple days off is a hell of a thing    one learns to take them for granted"
"a challenge to all in facebook land, say something   doesnt matter if its relevant   make a statement    the air grows stale"
"why, when an escalator is out of order, is there a sign that says \escalator out of order\"" instead of \""escalator temporarily stairs\""?"""
it's kinda awesome seeing my daughter play legend of zelda: a link tohe past    a game i played when i was her age    kinda brings back the better parts of my childhood
sicker than a dog  came down with pnuemonia    havent slept or ate
"what did the potato chip way to the battery?  if youre  everready, im frito-lay"
finally shaved the beard    feel a little naked
man!!! did we sell an assload of big k!!!
life is like a box of chocolates    these nuts taste salty in my mouth
"where else in the world, can one e playful erience the whole gamut of human emotion and logic, (or lack thereof) but <propfemale> grocery store?"
"what rolls downstairs , alone , or in pairs, rolls over your neighbors, dog  whats great for a snack, it fits on your back its log log log"
after several long disscussions with nigele    i offiially miss the 90's
"just got back from the optometrist  never had glasses before   after the exam he gave me some test lenses, and wow, shat a difference it made\cant wait to get my glasses!!! (giddy as a japanese schoolgirl)"
"ive officially gotten bored with facebook  whos gonna help me out  give me a topic, any topic  a thought  ive got something to offer in return, im sure   ( loates the fact that im trolling for attetntion)"
"my wife is so awesome! my wife is so awesome! she is the best wife ever   even when shes sick and in pain, she still works hard! love ya babe!"
there is no spoon 
15 minutes til showtime    willing to take a chair shot to the face for tickets to wrestling
"facebook seems bereft of emotion  strangely   where did the drama go? bi thriveon drama  then again, i am probably not the only one   here's hoping that your lives are normal for once "
"as the snow flies   on a cold and gray chicago morning, a poor little baby child is born, n the ghetto and his mama cries, cuz if theres on thing she dont need is anothr hungry mouth to feed   "
"but on this most auspicious of nights permit me then, in lieu of the more commonplace sobriquet, to suggest the character of this dramatis personae    voila!!!"
"in veiw a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast  vicariously as both victim and villain, by the vicissitudes of fate  this visage, no mere veneer of vanity   "
"is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished   however, this valorous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition "
"the only verdict in vengeance, a vendetta held as a votve not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous"
"verily, this vechyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose  so let me simply add that its my very good honor to meet you and you may call me   v"
"inglorious basterds, zombieland and quantam of solace    pretty damn good marathon if i say so"
"and im gonna put this out here right now, no one    no one    liked the v speech?"
ill bet a large pzza nooe knw my cartoon characers
"see, now <propfirst> would knoww this one   "
you and i wake up in jail together  using 4 words what do u say to me? note:if u comment u must repost so i can comment   b a good sport
"what olls downstirs, alon, or in pairs, rolls over yourneighbors dog, it's great for a snack, it fits on your back, its log, log log!!"
"to those i missed this evening, <propfemale> christmas, chums"
dude!!!   i dont want to scare anyone bt there's somthing under my tree
where's the rum?
"you and i woke up together  using only 4 words what would you say to me? if you comment, copy and paste this as your status  come on play along i did!  smile "
(wind whistles) got quiet all of a sudden
"going out tomorrow night for poker night with a lifetime of friends, wish you could all be there"
"atcing <propfemale> 22 , rocking out to an elevator version of gangstas paradise"
i can see   !!!
"thank god, my wife found my glasses!"
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but, want you to lie  that's right  just make shit up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same"
"facebook is cold tonight, someone please warm my heart"
does anyone have the cure for boredom?
"100 friends, and no one says smack, save a true few"
(sniffs)nothing  like snorting walleye chunk off of a hookers back
"im up for a deep discussion or debate, whos got a topic?"
"im not a bad man, just not a very good one"
"nothing worse than waking up early,having breakfast and getting ready for work before you reallize, you're off"
my pimp hand is strong
"have i seen you naked yet, if not, like this so we can sort this out"
"tell me whats on your mind, ill tell you what you shouldnt be doing   "
: wonders if anyone ever googled thier boss
"its been a dull couple of nights on here, anyone have anythng to  offer?"
feels like startin some shit
thats right   disappear fool
"simple cavemen wanna <propmale> a rock, against smeone whose numb from the neckup"
"ask me about    fine wine   if im a guest at your house , i prefer hard liquor, but wine is fine"
