4a8ec07ac74c0e801a14d12ace8ea990
on my way to a high intestity training research at san <propmale>
went off roading today in the jeep  smile 
packin up today and gettin ready to move
finally moved into the dorms and this year is gonna be great! lol
first day of college!! first class: college alebra   damnit haha
goin home today after my class   goin to see me family!  smile 
goin home for the weekend and goin to see my nephews  smile 
friday night was interesting
i got all the classes i wanted for next semester!!  laugh   hell yeah!
paintballing this weekend!! who wants to go we're tryna get a private party
had a biopsy today and now my head is buggin!!
this is my <propmale> to be my best and show wat i got     going to the try-outs in temecula for the valley predators football team   wish me luck  smile 
i made it!! the try-outs were tough but now i need to start workin on my skills to improve and be the best
"do u remember the windex commercial where the crows fly into the window, well my dog juss recreated that scene, but he's ok he's back fighting the cats again"
lovin the weather! keep the rain comin
stoked that the chargers got rb <propfirst> mathews  laugh 
first time goin to the relay for life tomorrow so if anyone wants to go let me kno   rip papa <propfirst> y <propfemale>
wooooo lakers! thank u gasol!
hell yea i got all my classes for next year  smile  philosophy 110 human development 101 spanish 101 kine 336 nutrition for health and exercise performance
accidently stepped on a squirrels tail today in the parking lot and i freaked out haha hows that even possible?!
playing super smash bros and baseball in the dorms
"oh yvonne?\aw damn! hold up!\that’s a french ass name yvonne!\yeah my lil croissant  lil cheese, on my croissant  yeah, mmmm!\so listen, ca’i have yo numba? could i have yo numba?"
woo i got a job interview next week!
might have 2 jobs  smile 
a cloud of bees juss flew by me   fuck bees lol
in pain from having neck and back spasms   annoyed 
anyone have an extra at&t phone that works?? let me know asap
"juss spent the weekend with my twin nephews goin speed racer thru the house, surpisingly i was able to fit in their toy cars and not break it lol"
still waiting to hear from the hospital http annoyed  lnk ms 77gsb
celtics half time score is 1 point above the lowest score in first half of nba finals history  laugh 
ha im goin old school and playin donkey kong on the super nintendo
"http annoyed  lnk ms 77gsb \ why am i trying to see when there aint nothin in sight? why am i trying to give when no one gives me a try?"
not sure if joining the army is right for me   
"hide n go seek in a house with all the lights off is intense, lets do that again with more people and davon dont lock me outside again lol"
"here in las cruces, new mexico and still got 8 more hours of driving to get to san <propfirst>"
finally here in texas! and now were goin out to eat at 10 surprise 0 lol damn time change
"had the <propmale> to kill a snake in my front yard lol     damn thing got away tho, i wonder what the neighbors thought when they saw me chasin a big ass snake with a machete   "
"found out im goin to yosemite in sept  to go mountain climbing and hiking\\on the half dome   gotta get in shape for this haha"
"marriage is like a tense, unfunny version of everybody loves <propfirst>, only it doesn't last 22 minutes  it lasts forever "
i need to get out ive been cooped up in the house for too long
"    when you see somebody walking down the street wearing a superman t-shirt, you just want to shoot them in the chest     when they start to bleed go, \i guess not\""    """
ow! fuck that hurt!! felt like i broke sumthin lol
"remember the part in the sandlot when the vacuum e playful lodes in the tree house    well that juss happend to me, except its all over the house\\lmao"
family isnt supposed to treat eachother this way   if no one is gonna do sumthin about it to fix it then i sure as hell wil
home opener for the valley predators football at murrieta mesa 7pm so come by and support the team
"stay alert, stay alive"
might be studying in italy next year for a year
packing for the yosemite trip and gettin my gear together   time to bust out those rambo knives  smile  lol
got back from yosemite a lil while ago and damn i got a great story to tell hahaha if u wana hear it then let me know
moms bumpin to tupac hahaha
dont think school is for me    need to find an alternate way of accomplishing what i want to do
tosh o     fkn great hahaha
fk philosophy! this stuff is rediculous!
i dont think watchin american pie 2 while parents in the room is wise hahahaha   fkn awkward but funny
"sticks and stones may break my bones, but i will kick you repeatedly in the balls, gardocki!"
"yeah i called her up, she gave me a bunch of crap about me not listening to her, or something, i don't know, i wasn't really paying attention  smile  lol"
jackass tonight!
jackass was shittastic lol wanna see it again
my badass nephews are here  smile  time to watch football with them!
help out this girl who locked her keys in the car while it was on lol i had the most interesting way to break into the car and it worked haha
whos down to see paranormal activity tonight?
paranormal activity tonight   and dont worry <propmale> we wont fuck with u like we did last year lmao
what did the 5 fingers say to the face ?? slap!! lmao
"saw a neon green smart car with spinning rims, goin 95 mph and the driver was on the rite side of the car   that completely threw me off lmao"
wtf! <propmale> juss showed up at my house and he came from texas lmao
football tomorrow! lets not break any bones this time lmao
i swear keys need to start coming with beepers!
have you ever seen the movie <propmale> gump? he ran across the u s  and he was pretty stupid  i have faith in you   lmao
"my favorite part about thanksgiving with my family, besides the food, we cant say no when offered food  smile "
hey colts fans   better luck next year  laugh 
confidence is a stain they can't wipe off
i got my classes! and im <propfemale> screwed for next semester  laugh 
"change\your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and \invite your friends to do the same  until monday there should be no \human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children "
need to find a site to download music   any suggestions?
so bcuz chargers keep losing i think im a listen to <propfirst> and finally go for the raiders they do got better colors and are doing better im tired of the powder blue keeping me in the bottom of the food chain  goooooo raidersss
2010 is almost over! confess something you always wanted to tell me [inbox only]  make this your status and see what you get
feet dont fail me now
send a number 1- 2000 to my inbox and that will be your number and i will let you know how i feel about you on my status 
"ive known u for 4 years already ur like a sis to me and even tho i dont see u as often i feel like we'll always be close no matter what happens in life, im glad were still good friends and stay that way   much love numero seis"
"12   haha aww man theres so much to say even tho we juss met a few months ago haha all the times in spanish we had with getting yelled at, being put on blast from the teacher, and cheating  laugh    im so glad that i got a <propmale> to meet u cuzz then that class would be boring as hell! i hope that we could stay really good friends and if i need anyting i know i could go to u   thanx for not killing us in spanish  smile "
105 dude first time i met u was freshman year in mr  britains class! damn its already been 6 years! weve had sum good times tho playin football and goin to mulligans and folklorico   wat else   oh and blowin things up haha but ur really a great friend and we only hangout every so often but its all good cuzz when we do we have fun
27  even tho we juss started talkin no more than a couple months ago i feel like we already are great friends and i know if i need anything i could talk to u   ur really nice and i hope u get the best of things in life cuzz i know u deserve it
"16 i got to know u our senior year in mr  hiltons class and im gladd i got a <propmale> to get to know u cuzz ur a really great friend and easy to talk to, its too bad we dont see eachother anymore but hopefully we will sutmtime in the near future, and if not then ill see u in 8 years lol"
"1999 dang to imagine ive already known u for 4 years   time has gone by so fast and we've had sum great times hanging out with everyone and bf   we may joke around with u but u know we love u like a sister, so dont take anything we say seriously  smile  for real tho ur a great friend and i hope we keep in touch even when we dont hangout as much"
"2, senior year is when i met u and there were good times we had in that class and it seemed like i knew u for years   all the bombass food that we made, although sum was nasty and small proportions lol it was fun   all the smack we would talk on a certain person lol and my fights with 2 peeps   we had an awesome group tho, ur really are a great friend and i hope nothing but the best for u, we need to hangout sumtime"
"17, ur such a great friend and i know if i needed sumone to talk to u could be there to help me   i realize we dont talk much or hangout anymore but when we did it was really fun  smile  bf was also fun and our senior song was awesome! lol and ur one of a handful of friends i know i could trust, i hope we keep in touch and stay good friends  smile  much love number 17"
"2000 haha good times we've had since freshman year, especially when u guys switched places durin p e  =p but we've had sum good times together and ur really funny and know how to make people feel comfortable and ur easy to talk to, oh and we still have our record that no one can break! booyah! =p haha but i know we'll be great friends for a long time and i hope we never lose touch"
"#06282010 haha well 6282009 is the day i met u cuzz u hacked my friends profile and juss randomly chose a person lol but u are a really great friend and spazzy, and a thief! (u know wat im tlkn bout) lol but i like how u sumtimes call at the most randome times like 4 am when a normal person should be sleeping lol but honestly ur funny extremely nice and caring and fun to be around and i hope we stay friends  smile "
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday, probably one of the best ones ive ever had, had a great time tonight with the family and my amazing gf gaby  smile   thank you guys for everything"
89 is really are like a sister to me lol all of us mess with u but u know that we love u even when we have our moments   i gott admit tho that ur driving skills have improved =p haha no mailboxes or trash cans have been hit in a while  but ur a really great friend and im sure our families will always be close
who wants to go to the redbull new years <propfemale> no limits <propfemale>nt?? its in san <propmale> at embarcadero park
check the song out that my boy <propfirst> has come out on   its for the new t-pain song and if his song gets around then he'll be on the official track   http annoyed  soundcloud com rae_le_ann motivation-demo
spent the day underneath a house fixing it up and on a roof top at night time trying not to fall off  smile   bext way to make $300 lol
5 days and $220 later i finally got chompers back  smile  welcome back mighty mouse  smile  lol
i feel like role models today are not meant to be put on a pedestal   but more like angels with broken wings
spent the day with my beautiful gf gaby rincon on her special day and i hope she had fun and enjoyed every minute of it    smile 
he who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command 
"men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely offend them they take vengeance, but if you injure them greatly they are unable to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that vengeance cannot be feared \- niccolo machiavelli"
anyone trying to sell their car? let me know
first day of work    bring it! > smile 
i'm not interested in preserving the status quo; i want to overthrow it 
'everybody dies but not? everybody lives'
"gettin thru the day on 4 hours of sleep, had a final exam at 9 and got work from 4-10 smile 0ish hahaha no regrets tho especially when i spent it with friends and the woman i love  smile  \everybody dies but not everyone lives\"""""
if an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared 
"awesome day  smile  got to see my beautiful gf, ate at <propmale> taco with friends, had fun at target wearing 3 y o  helmets and chillin at home watchin grown ups eating circus animals > laugh  lol"
