19d6452f98da8d8b9c70bf2803ed5438
"wow, its been awhile since i've been on facebook, hit me up!"
"i'm uncontrollable but still i get the last laugh, i got your presidents head inside my garbage bag "
i can be an axe in the back of people who wonna trash talk 
"i can be the last angel standing at the top hill, or that green demon on your window cil "
just woke up at 3! hit me up people 
"they are all staring and at some point a couple motherfuckers start to laugh they're talking about me, but they do it to they friends 'cause they all afraid of what's gonna happen in the end, now my ears keep ringing only meaning that the devil sings and "
leave the lies for liers
"let me see your five put your fist up in the air! shinedown pretty much owns  hit me up, 314-600-3493"
attempting firefighter  sad 
chilling at home 
"i created the sound of madness, wrote the book on pain somehow i'm still here to e playful lain "
listening to the sound of madness again 
"the medicine got me feeling like i'm stuck in a maze  i can only find my out by subtraction, murder is my reaction "
"so i woke up at 3 today, in response to that i will be staying up all night  no sleep till brooklyn!!!!"
haters talkin but haters ain't walken until its fucking fine these haters ain't walkin  we slap that sucka bitch 
"\you will lose\"" its what the haters screamin at me everyday  \""no doubt\"" up in my mind when i rhyme imma find a way  \""you should quit\"" never will i do that we about to ball  grab a mic and raise my middle finger  \""fuck all yall\"""""
just take it for what it is 
"underground and i’m buried alive  i’m resurrected and reflected through the juggalo eyes, this ain’t no fucking disguise this is the way that i look and it will all be e playful lained in the book "
out and getting crunk!
"damn last night was awesome, played beer pong, ate food and became sober, played more beer pong and came home and passed out  fun shit  hit me up people "
bitches ain't shit and god bless the dead 
"awake and alive, at home chillin like always bumpin some techno dubstep  hit me up if you wonna chill, 314-600-3493"
"at home chillin, hit me up if you wonna chill  314-600-3493"
"your the reason why we do what we do, if you see us puttin it down we representin you "
i am up way too early!
"at home chillin  kinda bored hit me up, 314-600-3493"
"happy turkey day people, i hope we all eat alot, get fat, and enjoy ourselves! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"this blood on my hands like the blood in you, somethings can't be treated so don't make me don't make me be myself around you "
"back in st louis, had lots of fun in florida but good to be back  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"ah had an amazing awesome night, next week will be ten times better for sure  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"they say they'll give me pain, they say they'll give me love, they say they'll make me believe, and tell me i'm above  they take me down again, this is my medicine  i cut the head off the devil and i throw it at you!"
"wigs splitting leaving all your family members dead  i can't e playful lain it so i just blame it all on my head  paranoid shaking in closets when i'm done, and i think i'm hiding from the fact that i just slaughtered everyone "
"so pray then, if it makes you feel safe  all i can say is we go are own way  so pray then, if it makes you feel safe  all i can say is we go are own way, we go are own way, so save us "
"blam! up in the club eastside  who ride? true juggalo scrubs! text it, 314-600-3493 "
"going out for abit gonna go do my normal night stuff  hit me up people, 314-600-3493 "
this is a war that was lost the day it begin 
"cause i found a way to steal the sun from sky, i'll live that day that i decided to fly from the inside "
"chillin at home listening to shinedown, the love i have for those guys is undescribible  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"just got home, abit much on my mind but i am solving through it all rest assured  sorry <propfirst> for burning out like that  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"i try to change the formality and everything about it people killing people for a reason  you make mistakes you don't regret, so make a conclusion  *infected*"
"drawn into the back-drop here you can fade, you can fade away  last glimpse of the light in the hole of the dying day "
"watching pokemon 2000! god its been awhile since i've seen that movie on, its a childhood classic!"
here i come to find myself catch the tide looking for a peace at the end at the line sometimes i can't help myself fever's high i'm all at sea and so unwise 
"your half a world away but in my mind i whisper every single world, and before you sleep at night you pray to me at night  your lucky <propfemale>, your singing satellite "
"your half a world away but in my mind i whisper every single word you say, and before you sleep at night you pray to me at night  your lucky <propfemale>, your singing satellite "
"back from twiztid, it was the shit like you know it would be  very hungrey, making food  hit me up people, 314-600-3493 "
"this is a document to prove that i was here  this is a document to prove i was at all, and when my voice ceases to be will the echos still ring loudly, and when theres nothing left of me will my memory still go on?"
air for life 
"down through the dark trees you came to save me  your so ugly but so pretty, your like no one on earth could be "
evil is as does and theres alittle bit in all of us 
"currently bumping some tracking treasure down by <propfirst> & dresden, eating enjoying a rather relaxing day  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"beh another friday, at home chillin gonna go out for lunch then mow the grass  hit me up if you wonna chill, 314-600-3493 "
"i'm stealing time from my own life, all the hours that god sends, my future is a <propfirst>, stolen in the perfect crime  as the hours go flashing by, i'm winding down the windows  i know i'm living out of line, but with a blazing smile i'll die "
"i know this will be something \i remember in my head  sharp words push me back hanging on to anything i can  why do you tell me \only things i want to hear? why dont you tell me \this could just dissapear?  love  <propfirst> and dresden "
"not out on a saturday night, this is a rather strange situation  hit me up if you wonna chill, 314-600-3493"
"and if i fall with all the strength i held inside, i wouldn't be out here alone tonight  i wouldn't be standing alone tonight "
omg its the funky shit!!!!
smack my bitch up!
"please put this on your status if you\know,or are related to, someone killed on the death <propfemale>  my wish for\2010 is that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a band\of murdering scum  the empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy\but these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white    93%\won't copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least\onehour?"
everyone with half a sense of humor should copy and paste my last status  playful 
"embrace me, surround me as the rush comes "
"so you don't have to answer me, if you don't want to and you don't have to hold my close to clam my fears  it all becomes so meaningless if theres no love here  a hard life till this solus dissappers  i dissapper "
"tnt, today not tomorrow "
"listening to l d  50 playing some infamous  hit me up people, 314-600-3493"
"icp today!!!! thats right, its gonna be the shit "
"save some face, you know you only got one, change your ways while your young "
"listening to some tunes, still in an one of a kind mood curtosy of <propfirst> <propmale>  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"we ran like vampires from a thousand burning sons but even then we should have stayed but we ran away, now all my friends gone  maybe we’ve outgrown all the things that we once loved  runaway, but what are we running from? a show of hands from those in this audience of one where have they gone?"
"a bullet sounds the same in every language! watching family guy, bored! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"chilling at my house with katnip, bumping some prodigy! hit me up people, 314-600-3493"
"back at home listening to some rage, pistol grip pump on my lap at all times! pool hall later tonight  get at me, 314-600-3493!"
"got inside after being locked out, yay! sleep maybe "
"very bored and alone it seems! hit me up if you wish to amuse or be amused by me, 314-600-3493  nothing is over until we decide it is!"
"at home kicking it old school listening to some deftones! bored, hit me up  314-600-3493"
"this fire is out of control burn this city, burn this city!"
"chillin at home listening to the finest of electronic music, pool hall later tonight i do believe  hit me up, 314-600-3493"
"kicking it with ivo at my house! listening to some dubstep! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"chilling at bryans house with him and katnip listening to the finest in dubstep  pretty nice for a rainy day  hit me up, 314-600-3493"
"downloaded a high def version of fight club for my ps3, good things i do say! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"happy father's day to all dads dads to be! at home bored, listening to music  hit me up, 314-600-3493"
at home listening to some linkin park playing some bad company 2 on teh ps3!
"uphill struggle, blood, sweat, and tears  nothing to gain, and everything to fear "
"drawn into the back drop here you can fade, you can fade away  bright lights in a starless night then a hole in the dying day  looking at life you'll load a gun, take your best shot aim it at the sun  look at you'll load a gun and you'll find yourself, you'll find yourself alone "
invaders must die!
"what will become of us? is there no one to watch over us? if we should face the certainy of our destruction  forefitting everything, pointless cries, futile dreams  there will be no after, there will be no tears when tomorrow never comes "
"hours like these black beats blue, i know nothing that i'll feel is true  pool of tears, layers of pain  we call for comfort, and cry for rain "
\the general who advances without seeking fame and retreats without\,19d6452f9 laugh a laugh 8b9c70bf2803ed5438,"i know you must really think it's funny, you had everybody fooled in the end but it's a little unassuming considered how you knew me  i'm the only one that called you a friend because the mind is a weapon see, and its got you on your hands and knees "
"can we say that we are free? our hands are bound and voices silent  i'm sure its not a dream i am awake my eyes are open, i can't accept and won't concede in aftermath we find redemption "
"can you see the light?\as far as the eyes can see from this point above the world  where mortals dare their <propfemale>  as it radiates, may i witness open-eyed, and let me remain where there is light "
"bored and alone *sigh*, hopefully tonight picks up  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"ah about to be doing some drinking with my boys, good night i do say  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"ashes to ashes dust to dust at least thats what i was told when i was on game rush, been to the grave and it ain't no joke resurface to the earth with the spirits i invoke "
"beh so many thoughts running thru my head, they range anywhere from love to betrayal ah i do love moments like this  no plans for tonight, should fix that eh? hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"i know what runs through your blood you do this all in vain because of you my mind is always racing, and it gets under my skin to see you giving in and now your trip begins but it's all over for you "
"i can see your faded halo, i can make it burn again like the sun  just stay for awhile let me hold you tonight, just open your eyes and see the light  you don't have to be frozen, you don't have to be broken, you don't have to be broken tonight "
dance with shadows until morning light 
just pre-ordered my signed copy of anjunabeats volume 8! hopefully it will be here when i get back from <propmale>!
all the bitches love me cause i'm fucking exo 
"just ripped a free copy of fl studio's off the interwebz needless to say me and freeq are gonna start rolling out tunes, stay tuned! at home making the music happen  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"at home having my going awayish party  enjoy some drinks with goggin, freeq, and <propfemale>  hit me up, 314-600-3493"
day 2 of the <propmale> adventure  needless to say its amazing both eventfully and vasually here had a blast last night and hopefully again tonight! more events to come and many pictures for when i get back 
"start of day 3 of the <propmale> adventure, last night was pretty awesome amazing ice cream! today should be pretty slow, thrice tomorrow "
"day 3 of the <propmale> adventure drawing to an end, sat around all day and played force unleashed 1 and beat it! getting ready to enjoy dinner then pick another game here to ravage before sleep  thrice tomorrow!"
"day 4 of the <propmale> adventure, thrice was the fucking shit!! ah i can barely talk sign of a good show if you ask me  tomorrow should be a slow day then the week rockets off "
"day 5 of the <propmale> adventure, looking to be a slow day here at the house  lots of fun things in store for the next 5 days so i guess this is a day of rest of lol "
"day 5 of the <propmale> adventure was very awesome, spent the day at the house but had like 5 people over! a blast i do say  turns out my sister works tomorrow so no awesome events till wednesday!"
"is gonna lay down and continue reading the <propmale> of war, ah what an amazing book that helps me so much for day-to-day life "
treat your soldiers as your methodical children and they will follow you into the deepest of battles 
while everyones lost the battle is won with all these things that i've done 
"day 10 of the <propmale> adventure still in progress, leaving here in 2 days  sad   sunburnt as hell but is gonna have some nice color once this shit heals over lol, been having nothing but a good time out here!"
"day 11 of the <propmale> adventure draws to a close, leaving tomorrow at 8pm  sad   had a blast today smoking hookah and chillin with <propmale> and <propfirst> playing settlers! college tomorrow and who knows what else "
oh and how can i leave out the awesome time in the mountains!!!
"back in st louis had a nice flight watching the sunset at 20,000ft is pretty awesome! <propmale> fucking rocked, i miss you all already! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
got his signed copy of anjunabeats volume 8! very excited about that  finished day 1 of 3 of training pretty easy and fun stuff  going out to dinner soon and then who knows 
"recall the deeds as if their all someones stories  now you stand before me for a soul, so glad to see you well, and not to pull your halo down around your neck and tug you off your cloud "
"a quiet desperation's building higher, i've got to remember this is just a game  so beautiful, so beautiful, it's a beautiful lie, its so perfect tonight  such a beautiful lie to believe in "
fuck them and their law 
"we can love and live forever  we can taste these feelings come alive, and my interest is in love, and i can not take this pressure, and i wonder who of us survives, and there's no conflict from above  i'm asking for mercy, i'm asking please don't hurt me "
listening to some tunes to relax and put me to sleep    and i could live forever and i don't believe in you 
"always, i think about it always \a memory i can’t place, the thought of running home, and now you see \with all that’s gone before you there’s nothing that could show you that you don’t already know \now i could live forever\for i, no time is no end, no end \now i could live forever and i, won’t be leaving you and i, won’t be leaving you "
"chillin at home listening to some 30 seconds to mars! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"<propfirst> was a different girl had a thing for astronauts, <propfirst> was the type of girl she always liked to play a lot, <propfirst> was a holy girl father whet her appetite, and <propfirst> was the type of girl she always liked to fall apart  tell me did you see her face? tell me did you smell her taste? tell me what’s the difference? don’t they all just look the same inside? buddha for <propfirst>, here it comes   love  30 seconds to mars"
going to go see caspa live!!!! ah this show is gonna be movin! be back later tonight with lots of pictures!
"just got back from seeing caspa!!!!! wow that was the fucking shit he tore the place up  danced the whole night, i need to do that more often  dubstep for life!!!!!"
"whats reality compared to me? i am in a state of mind which makes me blind, i am here to stay forever but not today  you need a time killer but you don't understand, i am like quicksand lick it from my hands, i am your time killer i let your mind e playful and, i am like quicksand lick it from my hands "
"into the wild, on with the mission, over the hills, your coming with me "
are we cold and are we killers? will you break my mind apart? have you seen what pain delivers? if you start to fall apart you won't build a life of pleasure  if you wonder what we are we can build a life together 
"so i picked up the firestarter ep by the prodigy yesterday and it has the full 4:41 instrumental, can we say remix time?"
"wow thats alot of dislike button spam 0 o, my bad people should get that though cause disliking stuff is awesome "
"i'm taking her home with me, all dressed in white  shes got everything i need, pharmacy keys  she's falling hard for me, i can see it in her eyes  she acts just a nurse with all the other guys "
ah chillin listening to some dubstep a damn good night its been!
4 smile 0 am i'm awake again  singing to the doctor open-eyed 
"chilling at home with mango stevens listening to some dubstep  bored so hit either one of us up, 314-600-3493!"
ah i do love a good storm 
nobody listens to techno no no no no techno tech techno tech techno!!!!!
"adding the pictures from <propmale> soon, new pictures to my facebook i know right? pretty awesome day ahead, stay tuned  hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
"tonight was pretty awesome, sitting back pvping with my bro in law and sister "
"just watched the most gory fucked up i've seen in awhile, digging for links  i'll post if i find it "
"i'm stealing time from my own life, all the hours that god sends "
fuck yes!!!! just cracked a complete copy of ableton 8 1 1 suite! let the music happen 
"messing around on ableton   getting the <propfemale> of it rather nicely even using my computer keyboard, wtb a piano keyboard though!"
working in ableton trying to assemble a sample to present to eager people  hopefully i'll get something in a couple days 
"don't go underground without me, please take me to your world  in the night i found you, now i walk without you  thought i would be safe in here, but all i see where you were  now the night surrounds you and i walk without you "
"crestfallen be a name, crestfallen by thy name "
if you think threat is hard and were pretty sure shes a tard  if your a tank and your bad your name is kat 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh gkl94anap0&feature=related
its hard as fuck finding trance vinyls > >  why does the highest quality of sound have to be on a vinyl?
no sleep demon 
no sleep for this evening damn 11pm naps!
"pick up'd the new linkin park cd, a thousand suns and its a very huge improvement to minutes to midnight  8 10 i'd say still no hybrid theory or meteora though "
"the time is now, the clock is ticking  we need quality time, no time to waste "
"ah orange juice, some ham, and trance music  quite a good breakfast i do say "
"life is temporary, <propfemale> is forever "
"out for the evening, text it  314-600-3493 "
"ah today was a very awesome day, found two very rare prodigy cd's! at home chilling listening to them hardcore  hit it up "
everybody that's in the place lets go!
"god save us everyone where we burn inside the fires of a thousand suns for the sins of our hand, sins of our tongue, the sins of our father, the sins of our young "
immortality what does it mean? does being immortal mean living forever? if your remembered are you still living within the still frames of peoples minds? if all this is so then is anyone ever truly dead?
"ferry corsten tonight!!!!!! ah its gonna be a bomb ass time, no pictures but stories i am sure "
"ferry corsten killed it tonight! my gloves were a huge hit, can't wait to break them again  \\everything is beautiful   \let the music <propfemale> you   \maybe i will follow you, forever! \\nowhere else i'd rather be, \when you're lying next to me   \let the music <propfemale> us, together!"
"good day! i'll most likely be getting two part jobs! goodbye life, hello money!"
    starcraft2 is pretty amazing not gonna lie  brb tabbed out selling my soul to blizzard some more 
no sleep demon 
"fucking dubstep, how does it work?"
"<propfirst> oakenfold nov  18th, i know i can't wait "
"chilling at home looking for shit to do, get at me! 314-600-3493 "
"my world is on fire and its not my <propfemale>, in the city of ice so very nice "
trip like i do 
"we can love and live forever, we can taste these feelings come alive, and my interest is in love, and i can not take this pressure, and i wonder who of us survives  there's no conflict from above  i'm asking for mercy, asking don't hurt me "
"i think the world would be a better place if everyone stopped what they were doing, held hands and listened to dubstep "
needless to say call of duty black ops is pretty amazing 
"beh! above & beyond pushed back their cd till early next year, they need to stop being touring superstars and focus on the studio work "
beh awake at 4 smile 0 but feeling alot better!
can't wait till thursday! <propfirst> oakenfold is gonna be a sick ass time 
why is the colbert report the only real news that can have my attention spam for more then 30 seconds nowadays?
good morning world at 5 smile 0 in the morning > >! <propfirst> oakenfold today!
"<propfirst> oakenfold rocked!!!!! ah what an amazing show, all 4 acts were equally amazing "
happy thanksgiving!!!! i myself plan to gain a couple pounds this evening lol 
its snowing!!!!
ah i am so full  today's mission accomplished 
just ordered his very own copy of super8&tabs empire  beh shipping from the uk always takes forever and a day 
"just saw the new <propmale> potter, they ended it at a very strange part not what i e playful ected at all "
"mmhmm that was some good sleep, time to cook breakfast "
you need a timekiller?
"is burned out on being a dj hero at the moment, just beat all of dj hero 1  tried a song on dj hero 2 and needless to say its pretty awesome "
invaders must die?
wants a license to kill 
"back to dj hero, text it 314-600-3493 "
"is unavailable for the next couple days, i got a death knight to level and gear up!"
i want to logout
"dear dubstep, stop making me so uttery filthy throughout the whole day "
the writings on the wall and it won't go away  its an omen you just run on automation now 
"heartache, heartbreak, a fatal attraction in action "
is a nonmusic fuckhead!
whos ready for that blood red <propfemale>?
cause 4x4=12 is indeed the truth 
would like to thank everyone for teh birthday wishes!
ah new years is alread7y shaping up to be one hell of a party  get at me if you want on the guest list its bound to be a night you will forget 
word to your mom i came to drop bombs 
is applying for college today! yay taking classes in the summer?
some people think i'm bonkers 
might upload photos from 6-8 months ago  oh boy!
a heavy bassline is my kind of silence ^ ^
well i know i promised this yesterday but today i mean it! about 150 new photos coming your guys way 
alright so not 150 exactly but 122 is still close! new pictures(omg right?) enjoy 
"your slowly letting me go, and i know this feeling oh so this feeling in my bones "
whats there to do at 1 smile 0 other then sleep?
"in fire there is the spark of chaos and destruction, the seed of life  in ice there is perfect tranquility, perfect order, and the silence of death"
"filling out my fasfa zzzz this is boring as fuck! hit me up, 314-600-3493 "
the reward is ghosts n stuff?
really wants the trance anthem pack for his dj hero 2 the songs are just so good!
cause even the clear sky won't bring back yesterday 
this is not the end but a new beginning 
got the trance anthem's pack for dj hero 2 finally! the songs are incredible to say the least 
is like a boss 
"so i walk downstairs and my mom is playing dj hero, i don't know how this makes me feel exactly "
cause you just can't get enough of my sound 
"running through my mind baby all time its not over yet, deep inside my soul this i know for sure its not over "
the only infamous acts i regret doing were the ones i choose to do of my own accord 
on a side note its also occurred to me i am sick 
dj hero till something fun comes to my view 
"human, human, human, human after all "
"on another note the next batman movie might not be the riddler two-face but rather bane, this is kinda upsetting news "
i chime in with a haven't you people heard of closing the god damn door 
"cleaned up the friend's list, if you can read this you win at life!"
all the comments i see every thursday about jersey shore make me and baby jesus cry 
"somebody to rough you up, somebody to make it tough, somebody to bait you, somebody to love, but wait is this the love you want "
"so i got the house to myself for the next two days, anyone wonna do outrageously dumb stuff here?"
wicked 
"gonna sit back and watch red, i'll check this again a few hours ^^"
hello? fuck!
"gonna head out for a bit, text it 314-600-3493 "
its not a cool time to be outside but everything looks so nice and smooth! gotta love the way the ice makes everything look 
noooooooo!!!! my dj hero controller died    no more dj hero till i get a new one  sad 
"gonna be a slow night at home, need to fix my sleep schedule badly  text it, 314-600-3493 "
"so on a very special note i checked out that backround checking website, i am not so impressed with it but i am concerned with the fact that information like that about some people is even available  what are your guy's thoughts on this?"
now i stick my hand outside and its raining solid ice    i think i'll enjoy a lovely day at home 
got a new dj hero controller! my day got a little bit more awesome because of it 
"so the new armin <propfirst> buuren cd is really good, it's sad he's starting to sell out  sad "
sometimes thing's get complicated 
"well facebook i got some good news and bad  the bad news i am not gonna be on at all today, the good news is i just the collectors edition of dead space 2  so yeah    "
text me if its important or your awesome  good bye facebook hello necromorphs!
"beh on chapter 10 of dead space 2, done playing it for now my skill was steady diminishing  great game though, if your into the whole horror suspense game scene it's a must own "
beh staying up all day is gonna be fun on 5 hours of sleep from wednesday night 
"so i like snow and all but i am used to bitching about not getting enough, never about getting to much "
"well dead space 2 has been beatin  hat's off to visceral for designing quite possibly one of the best game's i've ever played  it was suspenseful, thrilling, challenging, sad, happy, twisted, and above all else jaw-dropping  i anxiously await 3 "
"hmmm tiesto is coming to st  <propfirst>, who would be interested in going to this with me?"
what a game! both teams played exceptionally well  hat's off to green bay for winning of course 
"take a moment to live, take a moment to cry, take a moment to love and don't ask why,"
"today was good, chilled with <propfemale>, and now full of chili  hit me up "
"the bass, the funk, the mic, the trouble, i like my coffee black just like my metal "
"got a hair cut, that's always fun  got an interview tomorrow at 4 "
"saddest news all day, activision is discountinueing the dj hero guitar hero games "
"interview was brief but it went well, i know i'll get that 2nd interview tomorrow "
world my finger is on the button 
al-shanosta 
"on another note; just got back from seeing the green hornet, pretty cheesy movie but funny and kinda badass lol "
"happy singles-awareness day lol, what a worthless holiday "
"pendulum dj hero 2 mix pack, finally some dnb  wtb dubstep mix pack "
"a warning to the people the good and the evil, this is war "
chilling at home eating ramen and watching black hawk down 
"on another note watching this movie again another some odd years later i notice what an amazing cast it has  <propmale> bloom, ehan mcgregor and many many others "
just got done doing 3 laps around jb my legs feel killer lol  chilling at home about to do the whole music production thing 
"gonna go take a stroll around jb, text it 314-600-3493 "
"chilling at home with the amazing <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> turnbough, <propfirst> sullivan, and kassy  watching a movie lol "
tomorrow never comes until it's too late 
"<propmale> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propmale> sullivan, <propfirst> hunt  are we all ready for the dubstepping time that is bass cabaret  tonight?"
"\yeah her orgasm would sound like a computer crashing   \"" -kassy link"""
well the rave was pretty fucking awesome 
"thunder, tornado's, and dubstep  oh my!"
"move for me, and i'll move for you "
"on another note, before i fill out this weeks round of job applications, anyone know anywhere hiring, and would be awesome enough to reference me "
is it just me i'd like to know or are we all just a little blind 
"hmmm <propfemale> castles playing in chicago, oh if only "
"putting together a formal resume, listening to something other then dubstep(omg right?) "
"beware what you intend to say, those words will always make you pay "
you know how we do it 
"so the site where i get my gloves is giving away free swag raveready com rocks pretty hard, should check them out for most your dancing rave needs "
is chilling at home watching repo!
"is chilling at home eating pizza, and watching the <propfemale> bride "
"they hear the bass and they say whoa, and then they get down on the floor "
"i wanna, i wanna dance in the light, i wanna, i wanna, rock your body, i wanna, i wanna go for a ride  hop in the music it will rock your body "
ladies and gentlemen i think i am in love    with more bass!!!
"wow, it's a good thing i am writing all this down  not here of course but wow i feel so unlocked "
above & beyond is coming the 22nd of april!!!! omg omg omg today is the happiest day since happiness was created 
watching japan right now    wow i am awe struck at watching this nightmare unfold 
"shower, then whatever the day has in store  nothing planned lol "
"feed the fire, break your vision, throw your fists up, you're coming with me "
"there is no you, there is only me "
if you don't play you'll never win 
"feels awesome after that bike ride, hit me up people 314-600-3493 "
"today was such a nice day out, did 3 laps around jb, did all of what was available of <propmale>'s trail, and is now chilling eating dinner  could this day get any better? i think so!"
"good morning 9am world, it's been awhile "
"also on another note for all you gamer nerds, i will be doing dead space 2 hardcore and recording the whole thing "
"home, prepping the basement for <propfemale>'s party  its bound to be a hell of a night lol "
are you alive or are you dead?
"4sho presents :  <propfirst> vonstroke @ koken <propmale> factory  this week, yep its gonna be a good week already  smile   great day though it was awesome out "
"above & beyond jono, pavvo, and <propfirst> i can't wait for you guys to hit st  <propfirst> for the group therapy world tour its going to be an amazing night  i wish i could make you're guys amazing show in miami! well keep spreading trance around the world  anjunabeats for life my trance family!"
"no rest, no mercy, no matter what "
"friday needs to get here faster, <propfirst> vonstroke is gonna be awesome!"
fuck registering for classes is boring!
yay internet how i missed you so!
"morning world, anything exciting happening today?"
"look facebook i don't give a fuck about you're city, farm, mafia, what questions you answered about me or any of that jazz!"
oh and new superjail tonight!!!!
