dcadd0bb8bd7f5da3ee5876b29da8cf2
"i'm up far too early this morning  saw zombieland last night, have work at 3"
needs to finish my skirt for halloween and then has work at 3
just call me copperhead!
wow first time ive been on here in  weeks  waking up for school
homework takes so long!
i have no idea how to use this  at all  i should probably come on here more often
time for the train
got a new tattoo last night  laugh 
garlic bread for breakfast and its always <propfemale> are great ways to start the day  laugh 
i have work then bowling pallloooza
"i swear lazarus is the coolest goat ever  no really, i swear "
tching 10 things i hate about you (the show) and realizing that this main dude is super hot  fo sho!
how does a drummer lose a finger playing soccer? i wonder which finger?     symetircal faces are so pretty 
just got home from work and i am so tired  p s  i would never want to play on any team called the nuggets  then again    i would 
god knows i wish i could wear hot pants  does anyone else go to school with me tomorrow???
i have a bunch of homework but i don't think i am actually going to do any tonight
in class with <propfemale>  hearing some pretty great speeches  not  i love flipper!
"look at this <propfemale> victoria,catherine the great, madame curie are they yummy or what? and look! who is this <propfemale> haried beauty? thats <propmale> da vinci  hahahahahah god i love boy meets world!"
faux poes foes!
"well, what do you e playful ect, mother? \\ \i'm half machine  i'm a monster !!!!!!!!!!\\ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"ok finally ! my speech is done  googling leprosy pictures is gross, which makes me feel like a bad person  ahh i am so tired today "
"\why is there such a fine line between utopia and dystopia?\"""""
"who can take a sunrise, sprinkle it with dew\\ cover it in chocolate and a miracle or two\\ the <propfemale> man, the <propfemale> man can\\ the <propfemale> man can 'cause he mixes it with love\\ and makes the world taste good"
somehow all aspects of homework are not alluring right now  not flats or cutting out patterns or finishing sketches  nothing 
"i swear i feel so craked out this morning  i'm talking like im ghetto which normally isnt odd except i'm doing it to the poepl at the cafe   \im a sesquipedalophile???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
have to go to work now 
oh my i am tired       
"im am trying to adjust the way i'm sitting on the bed so the sun does not hit me in the face and i can finish my speech about milk being the devil but now i just look like some crackhead with some sort of spine injury who has to lie down weird on a bed  \i guess its just way to inconvenient to just sit somewhere else "
"i hate homework! i hate it  oh my god ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh\\this is hurting my head  \but i'm done with my milk speech"
got my first etsy sale  but i am an idoit who didnt see it for a day and a half! hahahahahah ohhh well  in the school library takin' care of business   laugh 
have to get ready for work  i swear this purple shirt is going to make me kill someone  i'm going to burn it tonight  hahah
driving to see my dad this morning  laugh  then i have to finish this stupid project thats due tomorrow!ahh even though the ancient olympics are interesting i am tired of this project 
duuuuude got a jury summons  i am so excited! its like real life law and order! haha probably not but whateverzzzzzz i lovezz it
"trying to get homework done today but i am not in the mood  at all \last week of school last week of school  i need this to end soon or i might have some sort of mental melt down work at 4   annoyed "
i hate when class gets pushed back an hour and no one tells me untill its too late to sleep in longer         
at school trying to finnsih my last assignment for this quarter but i just dont want to 
my last final is done! i'm off to ihop! errrrg i want a new tattoo 
"hello grades are supposed to be posted already!!survey of western <propmale> b+\hell yeah!"
"i swear to god, i'm going to murder you  yup  it'll happen if this continues"
toy story was great!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh 
"p90x killed me    i'm like jello  jello arms and jello stomach hahah\and now i have to get ready for work   sad "
p90x is becoming too intense my whole body hurts!
happy birthday babe  laugh 
my bday  laugh 
"aww everyone is so nice  laugh  thanks you guys \<propfirst> plans the best birthdays, that are days filled with nothing but they are the greatest "
have to finish cleaning then work at 4
have to start getting ready for work then i get birthday enchiladas and then to the observatory!
"sprite, good  you mind if i have some of your tasty beverage to wash \this down?"
"i think i'm getting a mirgraine  debating doing p90x or finish watching pulp fiction hmm here are 1,665 steps to the top of the eiffel tower  very interesting "
i love going to ikea with <propfirst> and picking out kitchen tables  i can't believe i still have to excercise tonight  :[ suckfest 2010
nutmeg is toxic??!?!???!!!!
had a dream last night that i spent $400 at h&m buying headbands  haha yesterday was fantastic  laugh 
i forgot how much i love this show  love love love  should i spend 50$ on ebay and buy all 3 seasons??????????
"inception was so good  i swear i am in love with <propfirst> gordon-levitt and his 3 piece suits! seriously, fantastic movie "
"first homework assignment of the quarter is due tomorrow and i have not even started the stupid essay  i hate english comp!! and the fact she wont let me do euthanasia\! must find new topic    now "
so tired i have fashion seminar at 3 today then going to edwards  i am pretty sure that i do not like most of the people in that class 
about to go into class but just got the feeling to run back into the subway and leave 
i want this tattoed on me \all <propmale> is exorcism  i paint dreams and visions too; the dreams and visions of my time  painting is the effort to produce order; order in yourself  there is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time \dcadd0bb8bd7f5da3ee5876b29da8cf2,"yesterday i came home to my 3 seasons of mad men, felt like crying i was so excited  i swear they will all be watched by next week"
hands down  <propmale> <propmale> is was the sexiest president ever 
"\the man is a master of bodily fluids\"""""
"what??? daddy long legs are not even spiders?????!!!!! i don't even understand \\must continue to play fallout     tunnel snakes rule!"
zoo-e-mama!!!
have to get ready for work now  unfortunately i'd rather just lie down and continue to watch xfiles 
i swear this is the best sandwich i've had in a long time 
tonight will be day 2 of sleeping outside  trying to muster up enough energy to exercise  it might not happen    
"if i was black mamba i wouldn't have let copperhead's daughter live,but that's just me i have blisters on my hands from painting "
"this may not be opposite to nature, but nature in its ultimate form"
"\to be really mediaeval one should have no body to be be really modern one should have no soul \"""""
"bedroom almost finished, just need to put my bed together and start bringing in the other junk god, i can't wait until i actually have a completed room without piles of boxes all around me!"
"man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains "
which crazy writer are you? -- my result: <propmale> <propmale> poe  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 175269 referrals status?aid=100000404496527
i love how in downtown la its totally normal to see 2 seperate guys with eyepatches within a 2 hour time span 
i feel like crap  staying up for over 25 hours straight does not agree with me 
i think i may be in love with <propmale> hoffman (circa 1979) but only eith the <propfemale> bottoms  ah be still my heart!
"thank you amtrak for cancelling my train now i get to wait an hour and a half in this god awful heat and i get to be late for class kudos guys,kudos "
a gramme is better than a damn 
date night with my boyzzzzz (don't i sound like a player? ahh yes ) <propfirst> and <propfirst> you are mine tonight!
"ok today=best day, ditching my second class to go hangout with <propmale> and <propfirst>, walking around little tokyo, going to the new cathedral and getting an interior design gig, then the icing on the cake  falling asleep at 8 pm"
the kid took my antlers  she took my antlers and galloped away 
amadeus is sitting on my lap making a clicking sound;i swear this bird hates my guts 
i love watching vhs's all day long and falling asleep at 8:45 and waking up the next morning to watch invader zim 
"what is \textured vegetable protein topping\""? do i want to know?"""
"i hate this,like an empty knot in my stomach  even though that makes no sense  damnit damn it dammit  (??)"
5am comes so quickly   
could i name a child <propfemale> and not have it as a video game reference? or it is it half the fun?
"i need some perspective, actually a lot "
machete was awesome  <propfirst> rodriguez is so cool- i still think that spy kids pwn!
"\stare deep into the spooky depths of my crotch! do you not fear the awesome power of tile grout?!\""       i love happy noodle boy!"""
"i think my face is falling off  i really can't leave homework for the last minute  note to self, i hate me "
"hey, must be a devil between us,\ or whores in my head  whores at the door  whore in my bed, but hey "
"trying to write my new 7 <propfemale> essay  putting it off again \a synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one "
"\the fire sirens from way outside are crowning me <propfemale> of migraine town \"""""
today is kinda not all that great  i just want to sleep 
"\and your very flesh shall be a great poem \"""""
at the dmv  do all these people hate their lives or something? i feel stressed out already 
just woke up  <propfirst> and <propfirst> are fantastic dates 
"san <propmale> here we come  i love days with <propfirst>  plan: eat <propmale> fries the whole trip there and making ourselves more sick of music we already listen to, go to a museum buy random crap and then pixies  ahh so stoked "
i hate when every single other person around me is speaking a different language and i cannot understand a thing  yesterday last night was awesome beyond awesom
"when it rains it pours  let today be better, please   "
i love how i wake up from falling asleep watching in cold blood the 3rd time and i just realized that <propfirst> has changed my cell phone background to a picture of me asleep  hands down one of the top cutest creepy thing he's ever done 
the systematic destruction of a people takes time 
"new tattoo  laugh  yes,yes \with maddy and <propfemale> "
i'm still trying to get used to my new hair cut 
i am not looking forward to school starting at all 
help!!!! how much stuff do i get in computer aided fashion design and computer grading marking and cutting? as in should i bring my <propfemale> backpack and a few notebooks or should i bring my big rolling bag and other items?
can't i please just go back to sleep?
"hello work, it's been a long time "
on the law of simultaneous contrast of colours and its demonstration by e playful eriment  section one 
i am error 
my phone finally died i am so tired  i need tonight to be good 
i feel like er  words cannot describe  i hope i can sleep through the night 
"¡ 1349 tripticon show  all i smell is beer and stevens shampoo,i love it"
the show last night was great even went i started to fall asleep and rhythmically headbang all at once  then the guy next to me told me he liked my saddle shoes  success!
i wish i could ride a bike without holding the handlebars  then i would pwn 
i dont understand  how is doing homework so unappealing? i cant even get motivated to start it  i just want tomorrow to come 
at the fleshgod decrepit birth show  omg  omg omg  all i have to say
i have a feeling i am going to be the only one fully dressed up at work today just like last year   my neck cant really hold my head up hahah
"iggy pop,will you marry me?please????"
i want a cheeseburger for breakfast!
"\i hope so-because i'm so damn lonely not even animal planet does it for me anymore \"""""
got the new ableton live  gonna jam tonight!
spelunking??? oh yes 
i want self contained underwater breathing apparatuses not fetish models!!!
ok so i'm driving to work listening to fleshgod and the car next to me pulls up and gives me a thumbs up then offers me a free dime bag true story hahhah
<propmale> <propmale> was hands down the coolest president ever  i mean he almost made beavers go extinct by popularizing the beaver felt hat  only him   
is it just me or is <propmale> young beyond sexy? just a thought   
at <propmale> potter  laugh 
my dress does not look like a couch 
how lovley my car breaks down on the freeway 
<propfirst> lopez is in far too many low budget christmas films that will be airing on abcfamily   
fml there is a total of 13 openings in patterning i and oh i dont know maybe about 70-90 people trying to register for it      
"when i die, i'm leaving my body to science fiction "
i am 99 6656% sure that registering for classes does not need to be this hard 
ahhh not again  i always put myself in this position  but i love it 
"\and i will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death\"""""
no i swear south <propfemale> is its own continent!      there's 7!!!  smile  hahah
i need to stop waiting until the last minute to do homework that takes hours 
i literally just read 98 69% of my textbook on the train  and the worst part is     it wasn't even an assignment
i'm sitting next to the coolest looking old man  he's reading the paper  i want to ask if i can read the comics but it seems inappropriate   
"hey pig nothing's turning out the way i planned \hey pig there's a lot of things i hoped you could help me understand what am i supposed to do i lost my shit because of you"
forced family situations are always akward for me 
i could and probably listen to this all day       i hate finals
"today= good day  driving around with <propfirst> aimlessly trying to waist time  was at rhino records for 3 hours,ate at yum yum donuts and decided that i will read comics from now on but fml now i have to do a crap load of homework "
ahh yes! 100% on this final! 3 down  only 1 more to go  smile  god i'm tired
"i got all shaky because i forgot to eat,then i ate 4 pastries  they were delicious "
"grades posted annoyed 11032 desn 2530  computer aided fash design i   a- \hell yeah  laugh "
can someone please trade me shifts on sat? i work 6-10  i need a morning afternoon shift
fml  i'm beyond stressed out  i was all ready to be done with school today but apparenly if i don't come tomorrow and turn in a bunch of work ill fail 
one last train trip then come home and sleep for an hour then go to work until 10 then go out god i think i'm going to be tired considering i got 3 hours of sleep last night 
i look like i could use a drink 
i am not doing anything constructive for the next couple of days  end of story 
occupation: professional wrapper  bomb-digity sucka 
"\interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art\"""""
homemade fudge and pomagrante juice makes the best breakfast
"\capitalism is the circulation of money as an end in itself\"""""
"\tickle my fantasy!!!!\""i love <propfemale>"""
i just might marry asisn zing buffalo wings is that legal?
your darn tootin!
yes i am watching the pretty little liars marathon and yes i am enjoying it 
"ok very productive day, finnished draping, making a pattern and sewing a dress and i just did p90x now on to the mall  i have a feeling i'm going to be tired"
work then show  laugh 
"got lost,got to the show,got on stage,got lost coming home woke up with x's on my face yeah "
pareidolia (  pær??do?li?  pa-ri-doe-lee-?) is a psychological phenomenon involving a vague and random stimulus (often an image or sound) being perceived as significant
i don't wanna do homework!!
"\i've got a babys brain and an old mans heart\"""""
hell yea my photoshop hw is looking legit      laugh 
"washing my car for the first time since october  i really need to love him more,and by him i mean my car "
\impossible day i don’t complain i’m over it i guess \,dcadd0bb8bd7f5da3ee5876b29da8cf2,"\is it not true or is it not true (yet)  imagination is the bridge that takes us from where we are to where we want to be \"""""
interpollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!
how lovely  i have about 50 flats to do on illustrator  i think i'm going to die at my pc working on this 
school why are you so far? and why am i so tired when i slept 8 hours last night?
"i think i'm finally ready to reupholster my gpa 1970's office waiting room chair  even though i love it the way it is, apparently to everyone else it is grotesque "
"today you are you, that is truer than true  there is no one alive who is youer than you"
very perfect day1 of vday  tomorrow part deux!
i cannot believe that my glasses broke  yup i am now one of those girls with masking tape holding her glasses together for dear life 
which batman villain are you? -- my result: mr  freeze  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 139374 referrals status?aid=100000404496527
interesting day
mbw: i am mister brain wash
"hello, my name is <propfemale> and i am addicted to home design blogs "
fnsf=friday night sissy fights
136 pages in and i finally get a murder and a chapter devoted to <propfemale> 
"\cryin over corn and not even popcorn\"""""
do you like my latest couturious look? vote for me! http annoyed  www couturious com c meow 93226?ref=fbk
"just decided that i will be taking 6 classes next quarter, yes 18 units  i'm going to die "
tired of it 
"ok school schedule\\mon: portfolio prep 8 smile 0 vazquez\        professional practices 12 surprise 0 keele\tues: collection development 8 smile 0 manukyan\thurs: industry pattern 8 smile 0 kuchenski\           computer pattern drafting 2  12 surprise 0 blackshear\fri: american political and economical history 12 surprise 0 hope\\i might be dead come june "
"seriously i'm going to die this week i have so much work,i'll never get it all done and still keep my sanity  if i even still have it "
"i love snuggling with face and falling asleep on stevens couch when we are supposed to be watching tv, then i wake up and pretend that i wasn't asleep "
migraines are going to kill me
"seriously all i have to say is annoyed blah, blah, blah\got your lovey-dovey sad and lonely\stick your stupid slogan in\everybody sing\\are you motherfuckers ready for the new shit?\stand up and admit that tomorrow's never coming\this is the new shit\stand up and admit"
"ok sleepover is done, time to get to work  i am never going to finish "
seriously i will not have the project done  i hate my life 
procrastination nation  population: me 
seriously feel like crap 
sweeeeet guess who's getting a free bicycle? me suckaaaaaa
cannot wait to scan in my asian pictures
i am tired of being so overly drained that i can't even sleep i cannot sleep to become rested and i cannot get the rest i need to actually sleep  endless cycle!
i hate school i might be dieing  please dress formally for my funeral 
"debating going back to black hair, i need opinions please! red vs  black? who will win?"
gonna go see a man about a bike  laugh 
anything to put off doing my homework    
just had 3 finals ughhh
i just dont even know anymore
seriously why do i do this every time! i leave my cad homework on my home pc! i hate my life 
"my legs feel like jelly from the bike ride   \and  \i love it hah"
why do they play the most aweful music at the bank?
is this what my life has come to? i am beyond pathetic
sucka punch foooooooooo!
"omg an episode of law and order with deaf people \just kill me now, i love it "
new hair colour and cut is on the way  laugh 
i got a baby's brain and an old man's heart 
seriously you have to ruin a good day don't you?
psh making a sale on etsy makes me feel all jittery  laugh  laugh 
"\just for reference i have a red volvo\"" \""please we've just met each other\"""""
why does my mother insist on making bomb guacamole when she knows i'm allergic to avocado's? then i proceed to consume massive amounts and now my mouth is swollen  kudos mom!
"perplex,perplexing,perplexed,perplexity   "
should i run or should i run? i hate trying to get myself to exercise 
"i just made green chile sour cream chicken enchiladas,homemade mexican rice, homemade salsa verde and beans \seriously how do housewives do it? i'm beyond exhausted"
"i have been googling for hours: 90's grunge, female singer grunge, top strippers songs of the 90's, top alternative female singers 90's and every other combo i can think of  i swear to god i'm never going to find this song  i listened to hundreds by now "
help! what do i need to bring for industry pattern drafting and computer pattern drafting 2? and does anyone have them tomorrow  laugh 
