ffa27f176b022665e6e6b4c88fd42b48
"is doing all his shopping on christmas <propfemale>, of course"
turns out watching scrubs is a lot more fun than going to sleep
continues to question his decision-making skills
left his jacket at the rec   
"let the drummer kick, the drummer kick that"
"just received the worst haircut ever, compliments of <propmale> smith"
vote 5 for yell!
really needs a bouncy ball right now
seriously  a bouncy ball 
v0te ---> vote tamu edu
"one man, one research paper, one in the morning  sigh, one day until spring break "
"wait, what it was my birthday? damn i forgot  thanks everybody for the birthday wishes!"
"just got back from dr  <propfirst> hawking's lecture on black holes   yeah, it was cool "
"is reliving the <propfemale> days of the office, thanks to a one-month free trial of netflix!"
"28 episodes of the office down, starting season 3   "
"is in <propfirst>- alone, taking taxis, and feeling all growed up"
got the internship in the texas governor's office  moving to <propfirst> for the summer!
lives in <propfirst> now  i've got to decorate this freakin apartment 
"dear <propfirst> energy company, please turn my power back on, i want to finish cooking my tacos  sincerely, <propfirst>"
got his russian <propfemale> stone software in the mail  now learning russian will be really easy!   
anyone know which pokemon gameboy game is the best?? i've got a big decision to make 
someone has been using my netflix     hmmm
codathon
flying to moscow!
has just created the most delicious drink of all time  (and it's non-alcoholic)
"is camping, for the first to time forever"
owns way too much junk these days  <propfirst> durden would not be pleased 
"<propfemale> laptop just crashed, \unable to find hard drive\""    lolwut"""
lost all of his russian notes and homework in the commons   
"community, 30 rock, fringe, the office, <propmale>     man i love my fall lineup!"
has a working computer again
wishes he had some graphic design software   
shout out to facebook for wasting my prime study hours
"shout out to adnan <propmale> aka addymo for being the most legit friend ever  i will help him with his pols 209 homework tonight, its facebook official "
chiddy bang is coming to college station!!!!  laugh d
"ravenclaw and hufflepuff are so one-dimensional, which is a pity "
misses his roommate  sad 
"good game texas, that was scary"
chiddy bang this weeeek!
just signed up for a crazy spring semester 
"the chiddy bang concert   well, it was pretty much amazing  final exam in 8 hours, so worth it  videos up soon!"
"paper, consider yourself started "
"guinean election paper canceled, i found the lion <propmale> online "
iausgfasdknfbawe[piu
american ninja warrior!!
"if tron turns out to be as good as i'm hearing, certain other people are going to be eating their words   "
annnd sleeping all day   
finally on my way  college station has never seemed so foreign 
"straight talk,  this is the best tuna salad sandwich i have ever tasted "
wow i need to take this math class more seriously
"such is the way of the world, can never know - just where to put all your faith, and how will it grow"
is cool with filipinos now
lost my phone d8
is an uncle? whaaaaaat
"i'll just assume that, if there were no facebook, everyone who posted on my wall would have called personally to wish me a happy birthday  and that warms my heart"
is accepting recommendations for movies i need to watch  be obscure!
"bracing for the most productive weekend of my life (which, let's face it, isn't saying much)"
the heat and pressure of this schoolwork has turned my brain into a <propfemale>  diamonds are worthless as brains 
it's awesome when my small amount of car maintenance knowledge is put to good use
magnets
"brb everyone, going to sleep for 48 hours #summer"
"my little brother plays minecraft, what a badass"
"london, kiev, then moscow!    now you know where to look if i don't come back in a month   "
"welp, the 2012 presidential campaigning has begun  brb everyone, locking myself in my closet until january 21, 2013 "
"liftoff! bittersweet day for human space e playful loration, but as one <propfemale> ends hopefully another one begins"
the asian guy from the rockets retired? a sad day for golf fans everywhere 
"feel so fortunate to have grown up with the <propmale> potter series  picked up my first book the third grade, and i guess tonight it's finally done "
"lost my phone saturday night, so if you are desperate to get a hold of me please communicate by postcard  i will also accommodate mail by owl "
