ae8d0a2b75b04516f32569e36797786e
why do people do dumb shit? can somebody answer that for me
"what a real man is    a man is not measured by what he has, but by what he do with what he has  if its just the cloths on his back or the bmw in his driveway  a real man will take on the responsibility of another man if that man aint man enough to step to the plate  a real man will admit when he fucked up  a real man will bare witness to what he created and raise that creation with no reservations i am a real man!!!!"
lil <propmale> looks like an alien with a bold head!!!!! lls
"my favorite quote>if u give a man a fish u feed him for a day, teach him to fish and u feed him for a lifetime>end quote    see, people always e playful ect other people to do things for them but if u only can see the potential in urself u can achieve anything u put your mind to  nothing is wrong with getting tought things but u suppose to move on and use what u learn and try to teach other people "
"when u ask for thing that u dont really need sometimes u really get shit u dont really need  so the next time u ask for something make u really need it  people tend to watch other people and see what they got but appreciate what u have, meaning anything that makes u happy and i promise u, u will not really need nothing>>knowlage from dutch #2"
"never really knew how it was for women nor the precious beings that they are until i had my lil girl  so a word of advice to all woman out here, respect ur body and mind bcuz its alot out here that can harm not only u but ur integrity  i look at my lil girl and hope i can in-still in her concientous and anylitical qualities that she can utilize in her everyday life bcuz its a fucked up world>>knowlage from dutch #3"
"birthday tomorrow! got to work but its cool tho, guess ill party early      26 seems so old once u get here    i know i feel old"
"what came first, the chicken or the egg?????"
never really seen tha <propfemale> out in the daytime   a thing of beauty!!!
forreal   i'm tired of these lil niggas in these tight ass jeans    nut huggers     lol
"two girls walking on a bridge   one girl had a skirt on and sat on the rail and then said to the  other girl    look at that big ass canoe   the girl said that's not a canoe, that's your reflection  lls"
"for ppl that don't say fuck or shit i say to u      if u don't shit, fuuuuck, >>& if u don't fuck shiiiiiiit     lls"
"on tha way to captain <propfirst>'s by tha chesapeake bay bridge, best seafood ever!!!"
bout to b a looooooong day!!!!!!!!!! shit!!!
$$$ mayweather!!!! it's not a game!!!!
y you screemin? i ain't even cut <propfemale> yet   in my <propmale> voice   nightmare on elm street
"at work bord as fuck, feel like 7:15am is running away from me "
happy mothers day to all mom dukes!!!!
"two men on a bridge pissin   on said the water is cold & the other one said yea u right, it's deep too   lls"
"wow!!!!!!! been in traffic for like 2 hrs now   don't go on <propmale> <propmale> bridge today, u will b blown"
"this was not my day   just want it to b over over over, but it's far from overrrrrr   (in my drake voice)"
"i am a spiritual person & believe in a higher power, u might call that god, but as far as religion goes, that is some man made bs, all religions are created to use that higher power to control the masses "
"can't wait to get home to watch the finale of the best tv show ever made '24'   after 8 seasons tha show came to an end last night, i couldn't catch it tho cuz i had to work but that's what u got internet & tevo for right   james bond ain't got shit on <propfirst> bauer!!!!!!"
"it's been a long time comin, but i kno a change gone come- r i p <propfirst> cook"
i do not like dat nigga kobe but gotta respect his game   l guess it's lackers vs  celtics
"lls   this facebook book shit is full of alot of  illiterate, nonintellectual, horny(males mostly), don't never got anything to say, niggas, this pose to b a social outlet for ppl to voice thier opinions bout shit that matters, but u got chicks on here that would say sum like i'm bout to go to bed & within a minute 100 niggas comment & say the same shit like can i get in the bed with u baby   lls lame"
"r i p   gary <propmale>, <propfirst> harper, and dat nigga from tha five heartbeats, sorry, forgot ur name dogg!!!! ppl always die in 3's"
"didn't know it was dis hard planning your own wedding reception      took a break, guess i'll get back to now, to all those we invited, please b pacient just filling in the cracks aight!!!"
the notebook is the best love movie ever!!!
<propfirst> is the best movie ever made    brad pitt as achilles was priceless
"human beings r a changing species, we grow everyday, cut our hair, get mad, sad, happy, make mistakes&learn from them, u change ur mind daily  etc, u are u bcuz of these things, u won't b u without them, so just think of heaven & what it's all about, it's no change in heaven, the change that makes you, you, so who would u b if u wasn't you, just think, aren't you proud to b you?!!!"
"lil <propfirst>  vs  <propfemale> minaj   who u going with? imma rockin with <propfirst>, but nik nice as shit tho, lil <propfirst> just profected what <propfemale> nice at!!!!"
ppl stink like shit on this train son!!!!!
"having a great night tonite, wrestling with the girls & cooking steak and potatoes    dem girls gonna b <propmale> boys fuckin round with me  still gotta get up early tho, but it feels great spending time wit tha fam!!!!"
"these niggas at this reeve center is off tha chain, one nigga in here talkin bout security is in his blood   his father was a security guard, his grandfather was one and now he one   lol, damn i guess it is in his blood   lol, i just b in here bord as shit, listening to all these ppl conversations, tha shit ppl talk about     "
"to the one i hurt today,i'm sorry & wish i can make the pain go away,lifes trials & tribulations can take u down dangerous terrain,if we can weather the storm the hills & mountains would even out into a lovley plain, some doubt,some hate,that's what keep our love so great,i know ur mad,but i am what i am,tha good & tha bad, all tha way thru,plz forgive me love, i know not what i do,to the one i hurt today! love you"
"happy birthday to the g o a t   tupac shakur, you are truly missed, god bless your soul & rest in peace   you would have been 39 today!!!!"
fuck tha lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"my life is brilliant-my love pure-i saw an angel-of that i'm sure-she smiled at me on subway-she was with another man-but i won't loose no sleep on that cuz iv got a plan>>>>your beautiful, your beautiful, it's tru, there must b an angel with a smile on her face, when she thought up that i should b with u, but it's time to face tha truth, that i will never b with you!!!"
"at my fathers day cookout & this fire won't stay lit for shit, that's what we get for buying cheap ass lighter fluid   smh lls"
"i keep seeing ppl say 'happy fathers day to all the good fathers out here   lol, not to sound like i condone being a bad no good ass trifling father, but they r still fathers, and it's hope for everybody , just sayin it's fathers day, not 'good fathers day'  !!!!!!"
name the three nba teams in witch their name does 'not' end with s    ???
"my list of top 5 rappers dead or alive\1 2pac-philosopher, lyrical, & versatile, legend \2 eminem-lyrical genius, unpredictable  \3 lil wayne-lyrical mataphores, intelligent, the    \                   the future\4 jay-z-lyrical matermind, mature, business \             man \5 biggie-lyrical, hustler, legend"
"it's official  verizon is some shady, con artist, stealing your money, preying on black folks muthafuckas, been waiting a whole week for them to refund me my $100, it shouldn't take a fuckin week to fix yo' fuck up   see i was nice all week bout now in my lil <propmale> (voice) im gion in!!!!!!! lls"
misunderstood don't need to be e playful lained     
"can someone answer me one question???? y is it that black girls are all of a sudden getting fake asses when y'all are naturally built to have a phat ass, give or take few lol   but really tho some just take the fake ass too far when it look like u a stick that swollowed a beach ball!!!"
"ok, i'm gettin married in the morning & i got a stuffy nose  hope my nose isn't running at the alter   lol, if anybody got any home remidees on gettin rid of a stuffy nose feel free to comment!!!!"
"finally a married man so ladies please back the fuck up!!!!!!! but nawww its females out there that thier soul reason for living is to fuck up a happy home, and im letting them know this the brickhouse that the bigg badd wolf aint blow down nor will blow down!!!!!"
"is lovin life, love my wife, love my kids and appreciate all that god have set before me "
i love the shit out of my wife    hahahahah!!!!!! fuck tha haters   !!!!!!!!!
sick as a dirty dogg again     huhhhh    duaghter gave everybody her cold    !!!!!
misunderstood don't  have to b e playful lained!!!! remember that one facebook!!!
i got great news today   alls i have to say is god is good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"this dude i use to know couldn't read, and i don't mean the can't read where you stumble over your words but when u litterally can't read the word 'the', but dis nigga had a newspaper in his hand, up to his face every morning, i be like ok what was that    , i think that's <propfemale> funny!!!!"
"you ever looked at a squirrel & a rat, they r the same thing   , a squirrel is just a rat with a furry tail   , i think that's <propfemale> funny!!!"
"word of wisdom, don't let anyone make you think you cant do something, including urself, in my(young jeezy voice)you can do anything  you put ur mind to, put your grind to, forgetful ass nigga, shell i remind you!!!! but just remember that got does work his magic in mysterious ways, he not there when you call but always on time, even when you least e playful ect it "
"question facebook, who is the ultimate decider whaen it come to having sex??? the male or the female??? does the male 'want' to have sex with the female and it's up to her to do it or not, or is it vice versa, the other way around, or is it an even 50 50 division between both???????"
"in this vast universe someone is going thru something a bit more traumatic then you so if you can think about that person,and pray for thier well-being,and it might not change your situation,but mybe you changed that person's sitsuation with just a prayer and thier situation is better then yours now they might b able to lend a prayer or can physically help you out of ur traumatic state god moves in mystirous ways!!!"
"on the way to hagerstown to visit my lil brother, he got family day today & we got 4 hours to chill with him, i'm so proud of my lil homie cuz he been caged up since he was 15, he 22 now & he comin home in 04', that would b ten years and he accomplished so much, love my lil nigga!!!!!"
"just wanted to give a shout out to my wife for being tha strongest woman i know, she holds down the house, does the damn thing with the kids, go to school, and puts up with yours truly, lol, everyday is mothers day in my eyes, even if she doesn't know it, but forreal, she does work miracles, don't know how she do it with our crazy schedule, love you babes!!!!"
"me & wifey out at the national harbor, & we chillin, good to get out once in a while wit my baby!!!!"
me & wifey just gettin back in and bout to get it in    hahaha!!!! hope u got urs cuz i deff got mine   good luck single ppl   lol
"on my way to work, training is officially over, first real day i'm on my own    wish a nigga luck!!!!!"
"had a smooth day at my new position, but don't let me speak to early, it's always a tomorrow   being a supervisor has it's ups and downs, gn facebook!!! time for wife & kids!!!!"
"@ wifey, hate to see u go, but l love to watch u leave!!!!!! ;0)"
i am not a human being *weezy*
"when it rains, it pours, so nigga stay dry!!!!!!"
"as the heat of the summer sun die out-we all must look back on 2010 & b blassed to have made it this far on a good route-as i look at my life- my kids-and also my wife- i see the american dream-idle minds can't touch what i have- but they continuously want to walk in my path- haters r like buses-they come & go, so please stop clockin everything that i bestow!!!"
"always makin moves, cuz imma hustla hommie!!!! bread right b4 midnight!!! can't fuck with me  oh yea hi hataz!!!"
"weezy out now, so y'all can <propfemale> that gucci, soilja boy, & <propmale> <propmale> shit, nigga gonna come out blazin!!!!!"
"work was unbelievable yeasterday, unreal, just glad that everybody was safe & unharmed , thank god for everyday u have on this earth, live everyday like it's ur last"
"call of duty is the best game series ever, black ops!!!!!! that bitch is intence!"
tha only time i will depend is when i'm 70yrs 0ld- that's when i can't hold my shit within- so i shit on myself- cuz i'm so sick & tired of shitti'n on everybody else!!!!!- lil <propmale> killed that shit!!!
n o on my fitted- i'm comitted to my city- anything i will commit it- just to show that i'm committed- committed & get aquitted- gizzle let me get em- gizzle let me get em- eat em up and shit em'------lil <propmale> killed dat shit!!
"dr  <propfirst> <propfirst> descovered how to seperate the plasma in blood for blood transfusions  he was in a car accident, he was rushed to the hospital for lose of blood but wasn't allowed in because the hospital was for whites only    we as black ppl came a long way  that man discovered that proceedure & it couldn't get done on him cuz of the color of his skin"
"happy new year to all friends & fam!!! yea i know i'm late, but unlike some ppl, i don't live on facebook, i got a ummm what u call that lil thing, oh yea (life) lls"
"just wanted to tell my wife that i love her to the end of the line, and i guess that's 4ever cuz out love is endless  also i loved our mini vacation getaway to the pocono mt  paradise stream resort  so to friends & family, thanks for being there & to our haters, love u too, couldn't do it without <propfemale>, hate on hater, oh yea u can eat a d*ck   lls  smile "
"got my heart broken by this woman named <propfemale>, but ho's gonna be ho's so i can't blame <propfemale>----> lil wayne     so niggas, forgive all those women who did u dirty cuz ho's are gonna b ho's, u can't blame them!!"
u can stand under me if u can't understand me----> lil <propmale> (<propmale> 4 comin)
"woman always want the last word til the next argument, & the next thing that man say starts the next argument    smh"
"thank you everybody for the birthday shout outs, i had a blast, thank god for letting me see 27, hope i'm blessed to see 28, live everyday like it's ur last  everybody dies but not everybody live!!!"
congratulations to the love of my live for getting accepted to the national honors society for psychology    proud of u & keep up the great work!!!! u work vary hard everyday with school & holding down the most hardest job in the world by being a true mother to our angels     congrats to u <propfemale> <propmale>!!!
"fb   are you afraid to die???\why should i fear death?    if i am, then death is not!    if death is, i am not!\why should i fear something that cannot exist when i do???\think about that   ur not here when ur death is here, and death is not here when u are  so why fear it   "
"religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as  useful!!!\rulers, kings, emperors, pharos, presidents, and also the pope would put the wise man to death, while controling the common ppl with religion    the funny thing is god has nothing to do with that   god is spiritual not religious, as am i "
"you miss tha little things about a person when they r not with u    just thinking bout my lil brother, i remember when we were young and he always copied off me and i hated that lol  but i would give anything to get those time back   my lil man will be home soon tho and we gonna live it up, <propfemale> what u got now  free elmo>>>2014 mob ish ent all day!!!"
happy birthday to my daughter duchess   daddy loves you   smile 
"ohhh     cadillac escalade where r u, i need u in my life      soon soon i hope!!!!"
"somebody told me they would duck their head down in the car if they was riding with me & i'm bumping 2pac music     sigh!!!! wtf, you sound like i said kool mo de, nwa, or mc hammer or something 2pac , biggie is exempt from that embarrassing old school shit in my eyes, my man pac music is timeless, i'm sorry"
hangover 2!!!! can't wait!!!
"give a man a fish, u feed him for a day    teach him to fish, u feed him for a lifetime    (food for thought)!!"
