0949319647d6ecbe2efb9faad8b8071c
omg mj and cirque i'm at the first show any where in the world!!!!
come on mexico <propfemale>!!!!
lets  go usa!!! we need a big win!!!
"stay strong 3 7! my prayers are with you guys and your families    remeber \3 7 no shit\"""""
"ok so i have a question for my corpsman brothers, why the hell do they call the penicillin shot the peanut butter shot?"
"im so sick of hearing about the fucken heat and lebron <propfirst>, go lakers!!! lets go 3-peat!!!!"
shark week!!!! fuck yea!!!!!
"so if i was ever on death row and i had to pick my final meal this is what it would be, chicago style pizza (from giordano's) the apple juice in the little glass bottles shaped like an apple and the dessert would have to peppermint ice cream     fuck yea!"
"the last combat soldiers\ left iraq this weekend    the war is over!!!!! (kinda) i'm grabbing a couple pitchers!!!!!!!!"
it's the start of the nfl season tonight!!! it's the most wondetful time of the year!!!!
"is pretty much convinced you need a wet mouth or a pair of tits to get an advancement or a raise    this is why i miss the military so much, i didn't see any of this bull shit going on    "
medal of honor or call of duty: black ops?     i'm thinking medal of honor   
happy  235th birthday united states navy!!!!
"welcome home 3 7 !!!!!\\sorry i was a little late   "
don't go see paranormal activitie 2 sooo fucken lame !!!!
thank you to all my friends and corpsman marines for wishing me a happy birthday    you guys have no idea how much i miss you guys!!!!
"it's dos <propmale> los muertos, i can't wait to go have a shot with great grandma! i love and miss you so much!!!"
"omg, i can't stop laughing this movie grown ups is the best movie i've seen in a long time"
the walking dead = sooo badass!!!!
"to all my <propfemale> brothers happy birthday, who's down for some surf and turf!!!!"
happy veterans day to all my 3 7 brother !!!
opera made 313 million dollars this year alone     sigh     dude at that rate she makes a billion dollars every 3 years     
has anyone seen skyline? i wanna know if its worth it   
hands down the <propmale> show is the best!
that's a lovely accent you have  new jersey?
and to top off my day    i get dumped   
i just wanna remind everyone that the <propfemale> secret fashion show is tonight at 10 surprise 0pm      it's the most wonderful time of year!!!!!
army vs navy going down right now!!!! go navy!!!! fuck army!!!!
my boss just asked me if i was legal   wtf? man   i don't live in arizona    i'm a fucken veteran and she knows this   
"dude when i grow up i want to be bear grylls, he just made a seal skin wet suit    badass !!!"
so i just got fired from my job     so back to the navy or to the airforce     i want it to be skate this time around
"rebelution live in los <propfemale>, ca 04 01 11 rebelution live in los <propfemale>, ca 04 01 11 @ wiltern theatre - sold out\\fuck yea tonight is going to be a good night!!!!"
