3d2f1069808de0579263d46d645c4bf1
"why is there a whole key dedicated to the \$\"" on this keyboard?"""
should not be awake this early 
stupidly bought an old fashioned coke bottle forgetting you need a bottle opener 
thinks maryb should make us some <propmale> & cheese  
feels unproductive 
going slightly insane without my cellphone 
why does my computer hate facebook so much?
excited for warped tour on sunday and surgery next friday  smile 
sitting on the floor of mall of <propfemale> 
freaking out about her haircut 
bored as hell 
sick of couches 
thinking about who might be taking driver's <propmale> with my twin brother at cooper this session  & being excit<propmale> for us finally turning 16 this sunday!
"could really, really use a sugar cookie "
this is not what i signed up for 
extremely disappointed  annoyed 
stresseedddd
tornado sirens are so annoying  annoyed 
is going to have a scary amount of homework this semester  one more day of freedom before classes start  annoyed 
hears a bowl of captain crunch calling her name 
wants to go to subway  ):
borredddddd
finished my first online essay quiz ever with 48 minutes to spare- so now i'm off to go reward myself with a grilled cheese sandwich   laugh 
downloaded the new gossip girl only to realise this computer doesn't have sound!!!!!!!!
"blah, class only from 7:20am to 8:58am tomorrow  i'm almost failing to see the point of going "
"well, i just had my hopes and dreams stomped on  good night "
finally got a netbook mini laptop  smile 
is incredbly sick of spiders  > indecision 
since when is gossip girl on at 8?! i want it noww 
it's my problem free philosophy 
has learned all i want to know about ionic and covalent bonding  13 minutes till i get out of heeeere
"blahh, i hate college writing "
watching breakfast at <propfemale>'s   smile 
trying to think of why a wal-mart in illonois called me at 8am this morning?
i can't even cook ramen correctly 
you're a jerk 
facebook and the freezing coldness of this room are the only things that are keeping me awake during chemistry 
new grey's anatomy  laugh 
slightly tempted to try a pumpkin pie blizzard 
really wants to see zombieland!
frreeeeezzziiiinnggg 
mr  blue sky is living here today  smile 
phoneless for the weekend 
sick    making pancakes 
crying from laughing so much  photobooth makes my day 
is annoyingly sick   sad  [on mea break  blahh ]
"iphone got ran over and has been on the street since friday(through all the snow  )  yet, it's still alive  "
"phone keeps ringing, but i can't read the texts  sad  this is a very annoying situation "
is in need of a new obsession 
amazed that i totally understand thermodynamics 
thinks essay exams are annoying  everything should just be multiple choice!
"<propmale> and cheese for breakfast isn't so weird, is it?"
my brain is mellllttiiiinggg 
i would be so bored without my laptop (i hope i never drop it ) waiiittiingg for <propfemale> foslien and <propfemale> persaud to get out of class  
i should be happy when i only have school from 7:20-9   but if just feels like such a waste to even get up 
's brother knows all the words to party in the u s a 
<propfemale> vu  
"<propfemale> kruyer in 10 minutes: \i loove my bunny!\""  \""i hate my bunny!\""  \""jennaa  \""  \""come here you bitch  i hear you chewing  stop chewing \"""""
thinks someone has a kitkat addiction  
is incredibly stupid  smile 
ohsnap 
dear alarm clock; i hate you 
is the biggest loser ever and needs to stfu 
got my old phone back after 3 weeks of phonelessness! but now i have no contacts and i'm failing to locate the charger  great 
life would be so much easier if my essays could be as long as i wanted them to be  and if i  didn't procrastinate  
won the costume contest and a $50 walmart giftcard at north hennepin  hell yeah 
is not smarter than a 5th grader  
's life officially sucks 
has not had a very good day  sad  big chemistry exam in 10 minutes  not very excited  looking forward to going home and making a grilled cheese sandwich!
<propfemale> persaud is awesoome 
yawn 
fails at essay exams  sad  i miss the good ol' days of multiple choice!
should really be cleaning and take off my hat since i'm inside   but i don't want to do either!
strangely yearning to move to sweden 
super excited to go watch project runway at hell's kitchen tonight! smile  hoping ra'mon or <propfirst> stop byy 
has officially been brainwashed into thinking lady gaga is amazing 
is superrr excited   laugh    but can't tell anyone why 
really wants an invite to lockerz  _ 
onto my third bowl of capt'n crunch today  
christmas cookies [:
is not very good at staying on task  
   what was i doing again?
does not want to go to class today  annoyed 
sleep is such a waste of time   indecision 
"just spent half hour reading incredibly random stories emailed to me from random people around the world  i love you, mystery google  http annoyed  www mysterygoogle com"
"fuck forever, live for now til' whenever  you can blame it on me, but don't blame it on the weather  it's a beautiful day if you ask me  cloudy or not, i'm just glad to know there's a sun "
fails epically at life  but is enjoying the snow   smile 
wishes all the plows would just break down right now  a 2 hour late start would be nice 
is quite happy 
's newsfeed is being taken over by <propfemale> pictures of pokemon 
"bubblewrap is only fun when i am the one popping it- otherwise, it's just annoying!"
done with finals   laugh 
project for awesome!  smile 
is a zombie 
"is currently eating applesauce & drinking apple juice   yet you will never, ever see me eat an actual apple  "
is actually going to school tomorrow! [and currently has hair dye in   hope it doesn't turn out too red   ]
is loving her new classes 
is out-nerding herself 
shaq's got my back 
yesterday i learned that the person who does the voice of optimus prime also does the voice for eeyore  at that moment optimus prime became way cooler than he has ever been before  mlia 
"wow, my phone is incredibly good at hiding from me "
good ol' caffiene 
yup  lost is confusing as hell  but i love it 
<propfemale> the vampire slayer is on mtv right now? i'm both shocked and amazingly nostalgic happy 
finished essay! now debating on how to celebrate  
"\& that's too bad that you lost what you loved  it's an ugly world but you can smile all you want  \"" smile """
"\we are pleased to inform you that you passed and have been accepted as a chacha e playful editor  guide\"" helll yeahhh """
officially weirded <propfemale> persaud out [& made her think the plant was moving on it's own]  mission completed 
so busy! just wish i could relax  glad for half-spring break next week!
enjoys meeting strange people on the city bus  laugh 
"hahah, they have a zombie film appreciation club at augsburg  jealous!"
i wish i could be a more interesting person 
the news can be so depressings sometimes 
i wish i could send the stride ostriches to knock this woman's gum out of her mouth!
"is craving toast  & not wanting to wake up for school tomorrow  but strangely excited to try subway's new breakfast menu  [i know, it sounds gross!]"
wins at life 
has realized electricity rules her life  give me power back! the storm was cool until it woke me up twice and made so i can't even connect to my wireless internet   let alone see   ohwell  smile 
ouch 
is on the road to kentucky  on a very crowded coach bus 
shall eat kfc sometime whilst in kentucky 
awkward  
i can't set my hopes too high 'cause every hello ends with a goodbye 
"we're just dancing, we're just hugging,                             singing, screaming, kissing, tugging, on the sleeve of how it used to be "
<propmale> mcallister love 
is in chicago  smile 
is way too excited for this summer 
"loves rain and loves sunshine   but hates cloudy, inbetween weather "
is in a famous <propmale>'s food coma 
where is a good time machine when you need one?
is in love with the night sky 
don't let your dreams be dreams 
what's life without a good adventure?
is on the roof of <propfemale>'s fish cafe enjoying the weather and life 
will hold a strong hatred for iphones until i get one 
almost forgot i had two kittens  they were so quiet sleeping  
is super excited to be volunteering and attending several shows at the fringe festival this year!
dreamed an epic nightmare that morphed from one fear to the next   fun  
"ah, the lullabies of gunfire "
thinks microsoft should give up on internet e playful lorer and focus its efforts elsewhere 
bored out of my mind 
a
http annoyed  www gigwise com news 57749 dr-dre-to-release-instrumental-hip-hop-album-about-the-solar-system
we all need somebody to <propfemale> on 
"\my knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil \""  wink """
4th or 5th time i've lost power since i moved here a few years ago? geez 
got my textbooks today   school is approaching fast!
http annoyed  i imgur com r7ttc jpg
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!  smile  pizza luce for dinner  yumm 
now has a jailbroken iphone 4   and it is epically awesome 
facebook updates the like button again  instead of adding a dislike button
http annoyed  i imgur com xcbek gif
http annoyed  www brawlinthefamily com comics 2010-08-23-265-fortunecookies jpg
it's the number of glowing lights in my room at night that remind how big of a nerd i really am 
you don't know who <propmale> mustafah is? shame on you!
"since when are \q\""s \""g\""s and since when is there spaces between punctuation? i don't understand the point  """
http annoyed  alexonsager net pokemon 
"goddamn, it's a great day for a love song "
hates when great mornings turn into sucky days 
acts tomorrow at 8am but having trouble falling asleep  annoyed 
i must've done something right to deserve you in my life 
http annoyed  imgur com mgf1i gif
one breath at a time  
   is impatiently awaiting november 19th 
will be seeing my two favorite musicians of the last 3 years - backseat goodbye and <propmale> <propmale> - both perform at the garage on november 30th  i am excited   laugh  this is like a lame dream come true 
just made butterbeer  it is delicious 
just realized that most elderly ladies of today knit because they need hobbies to keep themselves entertained    and elderly people of tomorrow will probably play wow all day 
flights are booked for nyc   laugh 
cannot decide if i'm going to attempt nanowrimo this year  
wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything and everybody believed in you?
having the ability to not physically or mentally need sleep would be quite grand 
"is oh, so very cold "
thinks national hug a stressed college student day 2010 is a brilliant idea 
bllaaarrrrggh  sad 
is just absolutely terrible at focusing on homework 
"gets to see deathly hallows part 1 a few days before it comes out & free!  laugh \\i'm a happy camper "
almost one month till winter break 
i'm wearing a tshirt in november  where the hell is the snow?
"is at the airport, almost on my way to nyc!"
the empire state building looks like a rocket pop 
missed the first snow in mn   sad 
got accepted to hamline!!
is about to watch deathly hallows part 1  in a private theater  it's just us  hell yes 
"&the silence isn't so bad  \until i look at my hands and feel sad,\because the spaces between my fingers are where yours fit perfectly "
needs to stop daydreaming and accept reality 
smiling's my favorite   smile 
"dream on, but don't imagine they'll all come true "
"thinks someone should be a doll and write my 7-page history essay for me  by the way, it's due saturday  here's the 150 pages of reading from the textbook "
is seriously craving some oreos 
must  focus  on   essay    _ 
everything that shimmers in this world is sure to fade away again
yup  we're going to get more snow 
there is such incredible snow fortress potential in my town home complex 
?_?
thinks the <propmale> avenue version of teenage dream is wayyy better 
http annoyed  i imgur com  playful 7ir jpg
"salut, <propfemale> persaud !"
for the past 2 weeks i've been hearing very faint music   finally able to recognize it now as lady gaga   i can only hear it when it's super silent in my room   all my speakers are off and i have no musical devices playing   wth  it's 24 7!
all the dead birds that fell in arkansas was just god playing angry birds 
everytime i browse thinkgeek com my head just e playful lodes with awesomeness 
is a total weirdo 
"\not all those who wander are lost\"""""
the hunger games turns into a movie march 2012! yesss 
i'm still disappointed by the ending of lost 
90 days until i graduate  hmm 
i feel like i'm riding on the knight bus 
"roses are #ff0000\violets are #0000ff\all my base\are belong to you"
is going to be ditching her iphone for a motorola atrix   surprise 
"would really, really like a camera phone with macro capabilities, please   annoyed "
"i wish i had $8,000 laying around for a national geographic student e playful edition in iceland   annoyed "
"got a new phone! but i lost all my <propfirst>  so, if you read this, text me saying who you are!"
friends are the family you choose 
theatlantic com infocus 2011 03 earthquake-in-japan 100022  <-- pictures from the earthquake in japan  terrifying 
the foo fighters are filming a music video right outside my new house 
still enjoys stepping on the crunchy ice 
you have a pretty smile  you should wear it more often 
someone needs to e playful lain to me what's so awesome about minecraft  
