10e3b1440c386bcb7ed4d161e873ff96
just got out of the hospital     stupid heatstroke
is not looking forward to westwood sat 
is back from q-town 
is finally realizing just how fucked up the world can be  ouch
can't understand why? you say tomato i say twomato
can't wait for the fish fry!!!
just wants people to leave me be
can't believe a simple phone call is to much for them to handle 
can't help but wonder what life will be like without her
just tryin to look forward and not back    some friends would be great right about now
need to get out of this valley
y is it that the one that hurts the most is always made out to be the asshole?
"this was one of those days when i thought that maybe a new life, a different life,wouldn't be so bad  but where the hell did i put the receipt? could i exchange this one? where do you go to get a new life when the old one has got you so puzzled that you don't know how to fix it  i wish i knew"
body and mind hurts     just need a little tlc
life throws u a curveball everyonce in a while   this time it a homerun  hahaha take that bitch's
hey im here find me on im
livin and lovin life finally!!!!!!!!!!! i miss everyone in reno hope all is well to those who care  love you guys and i miss u!!!!! have fun and be safe!!!
time flys when ur havin fun   not ugh   work
kinda want the show to get on the road already   tired of waiting to make it    but still excited for the journey   lol
it sucks that im to old to trick or treat   but not to old to scare the kids   lmao
sucks that im to old to trick or treat    but im not to old the scare the kids    lmao
work work work         bills bills bills   (      sigh        ) really want to party         ( nope im a sober kid now!!!!!)
2 months sober
why is it that everytime life starts gettin good    something has to break down    damn car  300 bucks to fix it and that 300 bucks i dont have    (sigh)    life is grand
just lettin everyone know that im moving on thurs  i wont have the net for a while   heidi i'll call u guys   caitlyn i'll try and keep in touch through dad   love y'all kell <propfemale>
heyjuat letting everyone know im alive  just workin    love y'all
still alive          shockin isn't it
does anyone know of any job openings? please!!!!!!!!!!!! i wanna work      but where's the work?
it is    just come home for a bit   
then call me   626-6612  i'd love to see u
"just sittin,wishin,hopein,prayin for something to happen"
wishin i was home in ohio for v-day  sad 
my b-day is friday!!!!!!!! all i want is a bus ticket  200 dollars
goin for a ride     be back this afternoon
ugh     i need a job      stat  i want out of this valley!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just sittin watchin hopin prayin     
"god, please let cathy(dawns mom) be ok    she just had a heartattack      please god not yet   fuck"
oh my god   its not looking good  and i cant be there for <propfemale>  damn this sucks 
really need someone to talk to before i do something stupid
(sigh) yuck 97 today   anyone up for swimming the river?
(pant pant) hot!!!!!!! but it beats winter!!!! lol
want a job sooooooooooooooooooo bad i cant stand it 
on the hunt for a job   again  ugh
anybody have plans for the forth?
wow   weekend at the lake with good friends and great times = a very sore body    lol
might have found the break i needed(job)    today heres hopin and prayin
oh i hope i hope i hope!!!!!!!!!!!! please god let me get thid job!!!! i can almost taste the freedom     
my wife made me hungry   damn it k time for a sandwhich
go check me out on the tube at lahonten lol is funny
just went for a ride   i missed that!!
(sigh) really want this job    god please!!!
miss my wife    sad  need her hugs and kisses bad    and my ass is sore from riding horses today  ouch! thats what 4 hours at a trot will do to ur tush
just waiting for the big break (sigh) i hate waiting
hot!!! too hot!!!!
ugh!!! 1 more week til <propfemale> gets here  (stressed) wow i cant believe its happening this quick  i hope i have everything i need for when she gets here   just need to find a ride to the airport then to the hotel  ugh!!!!(stressed!!!)
my bro is playin at the alley friday night everyone needs to go!!!
had a great night with the girls   hope to do it again soon
ugh    bored
yay!!! goin to my brothers event!!! hells yes!!!! soooo excited!!! u rock tommy2tone!!
back home just waiting
yay!!!! stuff is finally workin out just have to book the hotel!!!! thank u becca and <propfirst>!!!
i got a job ! i got a job ! hey hey hey hey!!!!
"snobby girls come from new york   sweet girls come from alabama   but we <propfemale> girls have fire & ice in our blood  we can ride horses, four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw a left hook,shoot guns, fish, get dirty, drink with the boys   and if we have an opinion, you know your gonna hear it!! re-post if you're a    true <propfemale> girl !!"
omg my wife wants me to teach her about horses and riding    any help dad?
im glad my sis is coming state side but damn it    can a girl catch a break here??
i just wanted to thank everyone (<propfemale> and dad) who kept me in there prayers all this time as i have been trying to get back on my feet    it seems that all the prayers are beginning to be answered    just please  keep them coming!!! apt and a car in 6 weeks(yea right) is my next goal!! thanks again   oh!!! and congrads dad on ur article!! proud of u please stay safe and healthy    love kell <propfemale>
ugh      baby steps     what to do?! car before apt or apt before car? hhhmmmmmmm      chicken or the egg? hahahaha i crack myself up
had a wonderful weekend with dawn   our 1 yr is coming up   god can u believe it?! going full-time at work already and i really love what i do! thanks to all who prayed with me! your my angels!!
off to dawns to apt hunt then to work
what a fucked up weekend
off to work     yay   
i have a <propmale> case of cfs (cant fing shit) lol
we might have found a place!!!!!! god i hope so i might have my freedom by monday!!!!
keep ur fingers crossed folks!!!! might have our own place by monday!!!!
"ugghhh         working and working and working\\<propfemale> got a job yay!!!!!!!!!"
goin out with friends (planning on being dd)* gasp* me dd? surly not!!
