2eebf701cce63c5c7e9157e7fec601bc
"just now, just here and now     half the bottom of my shoe fell off  the half that isn't there  i can't describe, i can e playful lain  half the bottom of my shoe fell off    i put it back, where it goes, i hold it there with tape  half the bottom of my shoe is back on, the half that wasn't there "
i cannot feed my fish!
"';km';kmfsdalkjngfdl;jnl;jn ;k rfsal;j f,m fsdal;j fsda fsdal;m fsd, fsdlm fsda l;m fsda, fsdalkmfsdadfip[jwq m wq-o]kwq,mrfsd, gfsd fdv msrfsdopweqf,mefsda,m fdvp'wesfvmvr esdvipkmsd,m msfdvopks v pkslm rsdiop3e2lkm4 k 3i0[j3l'km a';kml'k  w -=9';k 32-9]kefv m  ergf-i9]kwefl'kmfsdb rfsopkfdv ,  efspkmgfd';kmsda fdvp'kmfsd , fdv';kmsd ,  v';sdipjw vpmse;ksdfmf;kwq dw;kvmsp;ofdw efs"
i absolutely love <propmale> <propfirst>
you will be immortalized 
"i find myself at <propfirst>'s alone having coffee     if anyone wants to join me, over on fry, smoking section  it's quieter back here "
really needs coffee 
for true!
move along 
find me someone new 
cornfoundit       
lost an entire day to sleep   
into that wild blue yonder   
"wow, the karate kid is really just a terrible movie    not the new one either"
"curse you heartburn, curse you right to heck!"
"son, i am disappoint "
"welp, it has been decided  i am going to move to ireland, because there are no snakes there "
"there is a common enemy in this world, misinformation  the only way\ to combat it, education  - me"
thank you all for the birthday wishes
"ugh, work, sleepy, hungry, arm hurts "
"holy moly, work is almost over "
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>
"sometimes i answer myself, when i talk to myself "
"fsdijadsgijp'adfsgoiaefeo;ijfewo;ijfwe;ijoefwjo;iflkfdsjnadfsajo;;adfs;jandfsao;jn;adfso;odfsm  dfsslnldsfjfsijo;fewnfdsio;efmdfs;ijodsm ,dfsijjefmdfso;;fdsmsdo;ijfjndfssiefjnfs ndsjjaap'jpdsafj;asfjidsfijpjdjp'jfjiw924ijo;w[923lnfjp's[0u9u23kme,dsc"
"ez bake oven, cook with the power of light bulbs!"
just awoke from a very good slumber  oh god   my back hurts 
"life, even with all its beauty, wonder and amazement    it can really shake you to your core sometimes "
hello  world
fright fest! whoopy
ahg! bored 
"what is up? hmmm, dawg?"
tired much?!
i hate your face 
"hello, hello, hello?"
"ok    for real, i am done with this question bullshit, it's just millions of pounds of interweb spam  faceboooksddfsnkgrsjkdfgsjkn:"
"you know that feeling, when the world gets heavy? yep  goodnight whoever you all are "
"here i am, at the precipice of change, dare i look back and remember what i am giving up? go on  take the plunge already, you've put it off for far too long  see you on the other side "
"i get to do someone else' python homework tomorrow! thrilling , riveting, magnificent"
2 hours until sweet relief!
hello  it's like jello but with an h 
the sugar dissolves into the tea 
"i dont remember, but i do know that <propmale> and <propmale> movies are amazing "
"600 new \most recent\""s  don't leave facebook unattended less you want to be swarmed """
"19 failed to pass, not surprising really  still disheartening "
extra hour power!!!!
aaaaahg bored 
internet at work!! i feel revitalized 
there's pickles everywhere!
"who is a tree decorating master? me, that is who!"
omg    freeeeeeeeee at last
aww poop 
post more! do more facebook you borings! entertain me!!jkerjdfhjkfghsddfhjpdfaghjklnadfgjiadfg
where the sweet taste of cinnamon 'is the winna-mon'
everyone! <propfemale> trek: the next generation marathon! 8am-6pm syfy
"has the flu, or a really nasty cold  sad "
feeling much better 
help     i need somebody  help  not just     anybody?
"fleeting     fleeting everyone \\fleeting "
who is going to go the hmns with me on tuesday? pirate exhibit  i will be most sad to go alone 
hu                  heart attack
my god     boredom is painful 
is anyone else cold? i'm cold 
"to everyone annoyed \      good night, sweet dreams!\\sincerely,\chace"
"hey     hey! hey  hey, hey hey     hey damn it "
not enough  won't do 
"no, please no  not that bed  i cannot sleep there tonight    i need to change something, for sure  something needs changing "
happy groundhog day everyone! may your groundhogs be marry 
it's cold 
"there was some hard clear stuff on my car today    i dunno what it is or where it came from, but i aim to find out "
"singularity has become intolerable  i can no longer accept this existence anymore, please let me see a catalog  i'll pick something new "
"had to spam through 21 questions to find out who thought <propfemale> o'donnell is better looking that me    i'm not self absorbed but <propfemale>?\i hate this app  never again "
brain drain
let it be known     <propfemale> vs  capcom 3
stop having a boring tuna 
boredom
ok
entertaining
"something need doing? work, work "
blah blah blah bored blah blah blah meaningless facebook post blah blah blah
"good smoke  good night  sorta, kinda  off to watch good(hopefully) movie "
poor <propmale> laptop    i got grease all over the keys  damn projectors 
"i ate some food, now i'm full  extraordinary how that works "
facebook wont let me be in a relationship with myself  what a drag 
booorered!!
double work day  aw hamburgers  sad 
so  who's bored?
<propmale> grahams are a delicious treat 
