aedd9eced6b7a3fbeae6749a6ecf496a
teach me a lesson?  you're not my parents!  my parents are dead!  i live with auntie em and three creepy uncles who are pawing at me everyday and telling me how pretty i lookin in my checkered dress!  teach me a lesson?  how dare you!!!
looking through friends pics from back home and realizing all the things i've missed out on    sad 
sitting in east point in my undies eating cheeseburger <propmale>
"love can rear an ugly head every now and again  how do i know this?  when you meet someone you genuinely have an interest for, how easy do you think it is to spot the \red flags\"" when you are wearing \""rose-tinted glasses?\""  think about it """
oooooh    myyyyy     gooooooooood!  i'm really frickin' excited   i didn't know this would be happening today!  i'm exstatic   she is going to come in here    and think no one is here    i don't know what she's going to do when she sees the balloons!   and we're hidden!
"my tongue hurts from talking so much  just kidding, it was from hot soup  just kidding, it was hot cheese  just kidding, it was hot cheese soup and it was really e playful ensive  just kidding, it really wasn't that e playful ensive and i don't really have a tongue  just kidding   just kidding   just kidding   "
"i'm always on the go  go, go, go! up at 4 with the baby, out the door by 6, on the air at 9  and the crazy part is, i'm supposed to look good doing it  that's why i use tressant supreme  tressant supreme is this fantastic deep moisturizing intensive hair color with natural highlights and just a little bit of crack cocaine     and i love that its all natural  except for the crack cocaine part   "
don't forget to check out my poems in my notes    i have posted the pieces i am most proud of   enjoy 
"if jesus died and then was brought back to life, wouldn't that make him a zombie, by definition?  just food for thought   and that's even funnier seeing as how zombies eat brains "
"i love that in today's world we can simply block out unwanted trash from our inboxes and walls with a click of a button   don't you agree, <propfirst>?"
"please check out my latest note   i mean, like, right now   stop reading what i'm saying here and just click on my notes  that means you   i'll wait right here for you to check it out, comment, and then come back here and tell me what you think   go!  lol"
please go to my notes and check the new shit out that i put on there!
"isn't it strange that when we r presently going thru something tragic or sad, we feel totally & utterly alone in just about everything- feelings, thoughts, instinct, actions even  but, yet, once we've made it out of the darkness, & we finally build up the courage 2 speak about those dark times 2 others, do we actually find that @ some point or another we all have a similar story- thus finding supprt & relief "
please everyone needs to go check out my notes section   i would really like to hear everyone's comments   thanks 
you know what?!?!  i have a huge bone to pick with all of the application requests that ask me to sign my name to a petition to harness an american's right to free speech   the proverbial straw that just happened to land in between my humps   find out in notes!
