357ea9152990f9e49c6864fd618c7793
there's nothing like the new year to make you want to blow your own brains out   
"my account went bonkers, so i decided to deactivate it and create a new one   sorry everybody "
depression     *sigh*
i'm trying to get my hands on the 1972 french film version of <propmale> <propmale> misérables  the title basically translates to <propmale> miserables: the tale of the friends of the abc  english subtitles would be a plus (i just started learning french a few months ago so i'm not exactly fluent )
"is so cold right now! any know of a way to get rid of cold chills? i've tried a hot shower, hot tea, tons of blankets & sitting very close to the gas heater "
does any one play warhammer online? i don't play it but i got a code for free items with a game my brother bought me  anyone want the code?
so i have auditions in about five weeks and i still can't decide what i'm going to sing for my solo  all of my ideas just seem   bad  anyone know of any good mezzo-soprano arias or any impressive hawaiian folk songs?
so much to do       only twelve more days left to do it      i'm starting to freak out 
where the east coast storms really so terrible? i just got home yesterday and i have to say i'm terribly unimpressed 
how the heck are you supposed to get the ground coffee beans out of a cup of coffee after you brew it?? there must be some sorta magic that i don't know about   
"maybe i'm just picky, but a month seems like a very long time for a headache to last "
so is there anyone left who hasn't seen <propfemale> in wonderland? this post is directed at you <propfemale> 
"unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better, it's not  - the lorax, by dr  seuss i need to learn to care  how do you learn to care?"
82 days    so much to do and so little time to do it!
apparently roosterteeth is still making episodes of red vs blue     
30 days    
"so i was supposed to have jury duty all week  they canceled monday and tuesday, and now they canceled the rest of the week  i'm actually kinda sad that i didn't get to go   "
one more week   
"alergies were bad today, right? it's just that  i am not getting sick  right? right!!?"
three more hours sitting at lax then a five hour flight to kona    no seat assignment yet so this should be fun 
we always want what we can't have  the sweet corn festival started back home  sad  but if i was still living in ohio i probably wouldn't have gone anyway 
have any of you <propfemale>'s or eaton's done a family tree or any geneology research?
finally got a copy of the love never dies score  now i just gotta by a pa'u and i'll be able to put my money towards the necessities in life  y'know like dance and surfing and makin' music 
getting back to tfbd conditioning    it's like running into the one that got away and realizing that you love one another  why hadn't i been dancing last year?
"it might be a rat, or a very large cockroach    or a ghost    or maybe a brain tumor   "
don't forget to vote no for lakewood!
"bombay bellywood is at the <propmale> theatre <propmale>, oh tonight  go if you can "
"saying thank you and walking away means the conversation is over   it does not mean you should turn around and try to catch up with me  i'm sorry, but i just don't trust you, random compliment guy "
"screw dirty dancing, <propfemale> grey's waltzing makes me want to learn ballroom dancing "
one more long stressful day tomorrow and then classes will be chill for the rest of the semester 
"\aloha dancers! please call shadyia if you want to perform for december's first friday event at the island oasis boutique and studio in aloha tower!\"" \",357ea9152990f9e49c6864fd618c7793,"oh, look, michigan lost, again! yay, bucks!"
"decided to stay home to *study* today  i got bored and started playing the zills, for an hour, my poor, poor neighbors   "
"finals, winter concert, and clubbing all in one day was a great idea in theory, but i think it's sleepy coma time now  great job hpu choir & orchestra!"
?????? ????? ??? ??????
went before the jury today  it went    somewhere 
a bird just landed on my lanai and started singing; completely oblivious to the dreary weather  what a little champ 
note to self: never ever require an ambulance in waikiki  it took them over 45 minutes! epic fail 
there's talk that obama is going to support mubarak    
"it just got really, really quiet  no crazy partiers rioters in the building or on the streets below    "
"dear ohio, \stop following in wisconsin's footsteps  they are not a good role model!!\tsk, tsk, tsk   "
"all these capsized boats in the harbor    if <propmale> spires where here they could be saved!! oh, memories    "
"trying to sip tea with shaky hands after an anxiety attack  first real one in   3 years maybe  \it's funny b c even though my mind is pretty much f@*'d for the day i can still feel thankful that things aren't anywhere near as bad as they could be "
hawaiian yodeling!? are you really *that* drunk?
i got called for jury duty again    it hasn't even been a full year since the last time i had to serve  to bad i won't be able to make it  the transit would be just a little inconvenient 
"hmm, attempt to sleep, try to fix broken computer, work on research paper said computer lost, or ignore real life and write some lyrics   "
