2e1b7e508d1f478c3b654ddcfd6c2a1e
happy new yearrrrrrrr! love you all  smile 
4 and 1 2 hrs  yay!!!!!!!!!!
no more blonde!!!!
ugh i am so bored and i cant go to sleep!
gawd i am not photogenic at all  seriously i hate all of my school pics every year
"i cant believe school is almost here, summer went by too fast  crying "
im not tired and it feels like its 1 in the morning!
wow this was my last day of summer and school is 2morow  annoyed 
today wasnt my favorite except for lunch that was my favorite
haha i love taking quizes!
im going to go do my hw now  aha
yay! glee starts tonight  lol
doing hw soooo bored  school isnt fun   lol
im sooo bored
going to bed  smile  night
did any1 watch 10 news at 5 smile 0 that was at my school  scary  annoyed 
yay! i kinda feel better today   smile 
ughhh i have a headache   sad 
omg i have sooo much homework and im still not done    sad 
"a friend is someone who knows the song of your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words!  lucky numbers:16,19,38,41,44,50"
happy halloween everyone!  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
going to make christmas cookies with my grandma!
happy almost christmas everyone!!!!  love 
<propfemale> christmas!!!
best christmas everrrr! and the best mom ever!!!!!!
i love the rain!  smile 
rain i love you!  smile 
ahhhh its rainign super hard  im scared ahaha  smile  i love the rain
omg i finally passed my final drivers education test with 81% and then i found out i have to take another stupid test at the dmv before i can get my permit  how stupid is that  lol
omg its hailing   iv never e playful erienced hail
"hey has anyone seen superbad? well the actor that plays \mclovin' fogell\"" went to el camino high school from 2003 to 2007! how cool is that"""
"omg i saw the best inspirational movie everr!! \to save a life\"" its amazing every one needs to see this movie especially teens in highschool  it relates to all high school students and what we go through in life so u guys need to see this awesome movie    smile """
finals! not my favorite part of the year but it does have its advantages: getting out at 11:45 woohoo
"a very modest chick, very outgoing, most likely on a journey of self discovery, loves to make people laugh, is hella funny, very into nature, artsitic mind, has a love for people, wants to be remembered when shes long gone, extremely random, indiscriminative, will always make a great conversation no matter the circumstances  if you see her don't be afraid to talk to her because she loves talking to random people  smile "
"you know what iv always wanted to know: what do guys talk about at sleep overs, cuz i know what girls do and talk about but what do guys do? haha"
i really should be doing my homework but i dont want to  lol
i'm so glad that the cahsee is over    the english was sooo easy but what the heck! i totally forgot most of the stuff on the math part  playful 
omg i just watched the video for lady gaga's song telephone and it was the weirdest thing i have seen in my entire life   it was so weird and it was like 9 <propfemale> long  confidential 
it feels good to stand up for someone who isn't able to stand up for themselves   it makes my day to know that i helped someone  smile 
got new glasses 2day  smile 
going to go <propfemale> out at my dad's restaraunt!  smile 
why do guys have to be so complicated  annoyed 
why would i do something so stupid  annoyed 
i have the hiccups     annoyed  and they wont go away!
everyone should try out their food and become a fan of deno's burgers and bites!
having fun with <propfemale>!  smile 
i am glad that i am finally home but i had a great time at my dad's house  smile 
ahhhhhhhh! ugh im so stressed with school    annoyed 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyandz now i know my abc's next time wont you sing with me!  smile  i  love  this song!
why do teachers always give projects when other teachers also give out projects at the same time   cuz that just makes my life sooo much more complicated and makes me stress out more   ughhhhh   annoyed 
going to the movies with my mom today!  smile 
i am such a procrastinator   but im almost done with my essay that's due 2morow!
"watched \the <propfemale> and the frog\"" today and i have to say i think it is my new favorite animated movie  it is so cute i love it!  smile """
ugh! i'm getting a cold  sad 
finally done with my geometry project  it took forever! but now im just going to relax  smile 
it feels like friday today  sad  but its not
ahhh! yay were finally moving!  smile 
going to the doctors    i really hope i don't have to get surgery  annoyed 
i want it to be sunday ready!  smile 
getting ready to leave for <propmale> home!  smile 
ok so i took some medicine and i hope i will be good by my birthday cuz that would be another year that i was sick for my birthday and that would just suck!  annoyed 
i had a great birthday!  smile 
off to <propfemale> with my dad  smile 
"had a really fun day down in san <propmale> with my cousin, mom and aunt  smile "
going to the movies with my favorite cousin!  smile 
getting ready to leave for palmdale with the fam  and then were going to vegas! im so excited  laugh 
yay! we're heading off to vegas tomorrow  smile 
i absolutely love vegas!
home at last!  smile  i will miss you sweet vegas  love 
ugh i want to shoot all of the back- to- school commercials > sad 
just got back from a fun night with mom in long beach  we went to the aquarium and then to bubba gumps (my favorite resteraunt) for dinner  smile 
the last day of summer   why did it have to go by so fast!  sad 
ugh i can't believe on the first day i already got so much homework  like come on  annoyed 
wow! we haven't even been in school that long and i am already stressing out  if this keeps going like this  by the end of the year i will be bald from all the stress! lol
finally feeling better so now i can go back to school and go to my elementary school!  laugh 
yay! so excited to go to <propfemale>'s not-so-sweet-16th birthday party!  laugh 
ugh i am already so done with school   
i absolutely love this weather!!!!  laugh  i would take weather like this any day instead of hot <propfemale> days
i just e playful erienced my first blackout by myself   scary!!  annoyed 
starting to decorate house for halloween!
p j  day!!  laugh 
i fell down the stairs    sad  now my arm and back hurt bad
feeling much better now    i can at least walk now  laugh 
yay! finally up in sonoma with the fam   cant wait for thanksgiving dinner   yumm!
so excited for my favorite meal of the year!  laugh 
san fransisco was so much fun!  laugh  now getting ready to go home  sad 
"it feels good to be home, but i miss my family  laugh "
i love saturdays  laugh 
i love saturdays  laugh !
i can't wait for the weekend!
"i had such a good christmas, i got the 17 books i really wanted  laugh "
it's raining!  laugh 
i hate finals! i cannot wait til they are over
first day of homeschooling tomorrow  laugh 
friday!!!! woohoo
"<propfemale> and <propfemale> were here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \hahahha!  smile "
"i sniff my own farts!!! \hahahaha!"
"had a great night out, beastly was an awesome movie"
hanging with <propfemale> and <propfemale> tonight!!!  laugh 
had fun hanging with friends this weekend!
i want the days to speed up so we can finally have spring break  i am in need for a break!!  laugh 
on days like this all i want to do is watch movies all day!!  laugh 
finally done with my essay!  laugh  took me forever
vegas!!!!
omg!! words can't even describe how amazing the lady gaga concert was last night  by far the best concert i have ever been to 
