bd1d0d653642c745a763e22e261c997f
"brat fry, schuyler patch ride, marinemoms meeting, etc  etc  busy but rewarding day ahead "
air show this weekend  we have a booth with honor flight for the  wwii veterans-should be interesting and fun 
good thing happened to me at work today   i have been struggling to get a report for insurance to be less than 90 days old   i had accounts waaaay over that   got a check today and i have met my goal   only took a year!! yeah!!!
sturgis on the river    vroom vroom can i say that even though i don't have my bike yet   lol
"migraine all gone    what a waste of a day   oh, well, the weekend will be here soon and then lots of armed forces personnel and bikers to get associated with   lol"
air show air show!!  spending time with veterans and friends this weekend 
"sturgis was fun   spent time with some friends and checked out bikes   now, onto the air show and more sunburn  ouch!  haha"
air show is over   drat   it was amazing to be with the wwii vets and watch it with them   many stories to tell 
another fun filled week at work   then a memorial ride on saturday 
going to mow the yard-94 degrees but most of it will be in shade   if i don't come back in 2 hours send over the marines!! lol
i am becoming quite 'hot' looking   red sunburn and my hair has went from light brown with red gold highlights to really sunbleached with a hint of red   haha
dinner with friends and helping them pack  a rather enjoyable evening 
the boss was very weird by the end of the day    really 'happy'-hope she approves my time on friday while she is in a good mood    lol
this weekend will be very busy   not sure which missions i will do yet 
as long as we women have the 'little blue bottle' the men don't need their 'little blue pills'    lol
the weekend is almost here    lots to do 
can a vegetarian eat animal crackers??!! lol
"my brother in law called me and wanted me to talk to a trucker friend of his   the guy said 'so, i hear you are hot   are you '  me-'i am so hot i melt dry ice '     lol"
another hot and <propfemale> day   don't forget your water and gator-aid 
"going to check on friends     the heat the last few days make me worry   sorry, lil sis syndrome   haha"
pretty quiet day today   had lunch with family and then went to pay <propmale>s and visit friends   should have stuck to just <propmale> paying  some people were wound and onery    lol
another fun filled week at work   looking forward to friday night and the weekend!!!
very important meeting tomorrow night   we need your prayers to do his direction   thanks!
yahoomail is out! how will i ever keep in contact with what is going on?? uugghh
do you ever think of a friend and just start laughing to yourself   i do that quite often  sometimes if i am not alone people start alot    lol
last night's meeting went well   thanks for the prayers  now onto the rest of the week  looking forward to a busy weekend 
if i have to deal with one more 'cat fight' someone is getting spade!
i wish it was friday evening already   it is going to be a great time and the weekend will be fun with family and friends 
went out for mandarin with my sister last night   my fortune said 'now is the time to try something new '  hmmmmm
went to a welcome home for one and ended up with six! always happens   the most rewarding part is the one we went for had witnessed several of his buddies being killed over there by one of their own   he needed a big hug and us there to let him know he is
told by a veteran friend of mine    'most branches of the service have their own anthem   marines are the only ones that have a hymn  because they are closer to god   got to love their 'cocky confidence'
monday-uuuggghhh!!  oh well-only five days until the weekend   lol
got home last night after the meeting and took a shower then wanted to relax  nope! sat down and 'hellfighters' was on    love <propfirst> <propmale> 
three more illinois army national guardsmen killed in afghanistan this week   may god comfort their families and friends   will be standing by  to pay respects for their ultimate sacrifice for our freedoms 
media is obsessed with mj-but where is the news and stories about our recent fallen heroes   they are the ones that deserve recognition!! thanks for the vent
"my 6 yr old niece asked me if i had ever been married   i told her no  then she asked why   i told her when someone asked me i want to marry i will   then she said 'well, can't you find anyone your height?'  kids are sooooo weird "
"shhh!!!  finally have a quiet weekend   now getting ready to download pics from: welcome homes, air show, memorial day events, etc etc   then onto studying for my motorcycle awareness class   two more weeks-vroom vroom!!!"
"yeah!!! pictures are all uploaded   enjoy,comment and borrow at will    lol"
a very busy week   please remember the talbert family in your prayers   as always-also our brave men and women serving in the armed forces   god bless them all 
my boss granted friday off   i will be able to do my part for the <propfemale> mission of spc talbert   thank you all who have already been there and for those that have sent their prayers 
start of a very busy next four days   please pray for our military and their families 
today's visitation was hard   it rained outside and 'in'   the family and community are awesome!  military appreciation day was outstanding!! lots of time to hug and say thank you to those serving our country 
one week from today and vroom vroom       riding class being   another step closer to riding with the big boys and girls    haha
headed to bed soon   long weekend still ahead 
another awesome day!  spent it honoring our fallen soldiers with many friends and the gold <propfemale> families   then onto karaoke with friends and now off to bed to start all over again tomorrow with a special benefit for another dear friend 
"pictures all loaded, camera cleared and ready for the next adventures   now onto another fun filled week at the lab   end of the week will be amazing-motorcycle class starts friday at 6pm  for inquirying snoops-no there is no 'spectator' area available   "
four more days! four more days!  are you getting excited for me    or scared for you??!! lol
i miscounted   haha two more days! two more days!!  vroom vroom       
tired of dealing with others' insecurities and playing babysitter to adults!!  i have enough problems of my own     thanks for the rant!!
one more day! one more day!!!  are you getting scared       lol i know i am   vroom vroom
"and so it begins!!!    today starts my weekend of motorcycle adventures   if you have a moment i would seriously appreciate a prayer and some kind thoughts  nervous, scared, anxious, excited, amazed    you get the idea     lol"
first day of class went well   we were in the trailer during the storm soooo we had more question answer time for the instructors   they started to chuckle when we would talk about something and i would start 'but the guys have told me    ' lol
second day down and one more to go   i amazed myself and the instructor  he told me 'it may take you longer to get it but when you do you are amazing ' yeah!! thanks for the prayers and encouragement   i still need more tomorrow-test day!!
time to do more studying and then back to class to practice  i really hope i pass  i would hate to disappoint myself and others   keep the prayers coming     thanks!
good news! scored a 94% on written test   bad news     bike fell on one of the riding tests and automatic fail     drat!!!  good news! i get to take it again next month for free!! i am just proud of myself for doing this and will complete the mission   th
off to work and then out to dinner with friends   we need to c-e-l-e-b-r-a-t-e!!!!
thank you to all my friends that made tonight so special   next time it is when i truly pass   which i have officially rescheduled for august 14-16th     vroom vroom
i think the bruising is spreading down from my knees   it's going to get uglier     haha
i am going to try and take the permit exam   i got their book and will read up on it   if i can pass it then i can get a loaner and practice 
yeah! half way through the week and it is free wings wednesday at checkers    oh the small things we enjoy    lol
one day closer to the weekend   nothing big planned but still going to enjoy the time off   have a good day my friends!!! yeeee haaaaaw
celebrating mom's bday   kids made her cake-very interesting     hahaha
friday friday friday-what else needs said    lol
"very productive morning meeting with friends, tried out new bakery (yum!)- cookies, cakes and more-half a day at work on now the weekend!!!!"
small feat but one step closer   got my motorcycle permit today    vroom vroom
great sunday   relaxing this am and then a welcome home in aledo at 5pm   yeah!!!
great welcome home escort   got lots of pics and will try to add them tonight 
pictures are up   now to head to bed for some rest before starting another week 
one day closer to the weekend!!
"migraine finally gone   only took three days ugh now, please pray for no rain friday evening and saturday morning "
heard on 'ace of cakes'- i wanted to make the dragon spit fire but my insurance agent said he'd drop me    lol
remember seeing this on a t-shirt 'paddle faster-i hear banjo music'     lol
another fun filled week   i hope it doesn't rain too much this week  lots to do 
celebrated my nephew's 10th birthday and the 82nd bday of a dear friend   i am truly blessed to have such special friends and family!!
getting closer to the weekend   hopefully this one goes better than last month   haha
i passed i passed!!!vroooooooommmmm! i got my motorcycle license   i am still taking the abate make up course this weekend   thank you all for your prayers and support!!
comic strip the other day- it was so hot today i saw a weiner dog plump up on the sidewalk       lol
another one-   it was so hot-two baseball players were fighting over the same fan    lol
"getting ready to take the abate class again  yes, i have my license but the completion certificate and more practice won't hurt     hopefully this time   lol"
did the first day of class and one of the instructors is one i had last time  yeah <propfemale>!  it seemed a little easier this time   hopefully everything goes well this weekend   prayers would help   thanks
class not to bad this time   i learned not to use the clutch the whole time and got better at the start stop  fell again but it was when the instructor stepped out and waved to stop!  i used more front than rear brake   nice knot on my elbow but not as bad as the first time   still have tomorrow am before test   could use a few extra prayers 
thank you all for your prayers and support  i passed the riding course for abate!!!!  i already have my motorcycle license but this was to complete the course  vrrrrrrrrrrooooommmmmm!!!!!!
"going to bed again  didn't go to work-sick   but, can only stay in bed so long before you have to get up and at least sit to do something   hope tomorrow's better "
"going to try to go to work now   headache better, stomach finally settled and fever gone   hope this doesn't happen again for a long time   haha"
"meeting tonight, tomorrow and thursday  wow!!!"
just finished watching 'green berets'- you just can't quit in the middle of a <propfirst> <propmale> movie 
only one more day til payday     yeah!!
very busy friday and weekend   definitely won't be boring    haha
a very unusual funeral then celtic games and then home to rest for tomorrow  what adventrues     hahaha
why do i sound worse today when i was in sun yesterday than when i spent last weekend in the rain!!  haha
finished mowing the front yard and trimming the bushes (needed it bad) but now i feel and sound better  really weird-usually it is the opposite    lol
helped <propmale> and therece celebrate their 40th wedding anniversary   pgr friends and very sweet people 
last day of all <propfemale> veterans healing field for this year   another emotionally packed time to honor our veteans   god bless them all 
got pictures from closing ceremonies and video of pgr coming in and another of them retiring the 'lest they be forgotten' flag   will try to get them uploaded for your viewing tomorrow  way too tired to try now  another outstanding and emotional year 
videos for all <propfemale> veterans healing field uploaded   will try to work on pictures of closing ceremonies tonight 
all pictures and videos loaded and ready for viewing and comments   enjoy!
count it-two hours of ncis in one night  dang! does anyone else think <propfirst> harmon (gibbs) is hot for a more maturely aged man??!! lol
"gen  radin's last day at ri arsenal   he will be greatly missed  also, six units coming home and several single military arriving   going to be a busy time for awhile "
