59a47d661b25ca8431e32fbcb6897830
"just woke up out of a daze and realized he's <propmale> rogan in funny people, except more attractive and with a better day job smile "
solstice badass!
just spent five hours cleaning up after the asshole who used to inhabit his body 
electric beatdown!!!
what happened last night?
black friday tried to kill <propfirst> and it didn't even look like his retailer broke into the black ):
   
"has found some internet, however briefly   a wise begger tries not to be too much of a chooser   "
is chillin' youtubin' it waiting on the j-man to get off so we can go terrorize okc! (i very excite)
"is chillin', gonna do something out of doors tonight!"
g-funk
"benazir, suu kyi, <propmale>"
"ganado y herramientas solamente, ningunas opiniones, <propmale> parecer"
is mother******* enrolled!
is about to grab the day by the balls and get s*** done!
just got to see his brother pwn!  on the wrestling mat!
"was just awoken by jehovah's witnesses to find the city of stillwater has disconnected his power, again : )"
dinnertime!
is feeling especially philosophical     
trying   to   stay   awa   ke     
didn't stay awake     
as soon as the base hits your dome    
"is so fresh and so clean, like a bently coupe on 24's"
so damn tired   (yawn)
hates medical insurance companies   l
"may have to engage in an ugly, bloody war with blueadvantage administrators of arkansas! (enraged frowny face)"
feels like crying
would like to see a clown impacted by a pie at a medium to high velocity
will not have a functional phone until thursday : )
"if you tell yourself that you shall fail, you shall   if you don't think you can, you can't   success is a choice!  why defeat yourself?"
wow!  urban dictionary pegged me perfectly!
"wow, urban dictionary pegged me perfectly!  especially the first definition : )"
"my surgeon cancelled his appointments for today, so i can't go back to work for at least another week but i need money      i can write papers and tutor people in some subjects   i'm just saying "
is off to do some partying!
"am i the only one around here familiar with the term \omertà\""?  gossiping is not cool!  it leads to people spreading lies about other people!"""
satan has blessed us with snow!  hail satan!
satan has removed the snow   hail satan!
mediterranean mushroom salad is actually even more delicious when it's free ( :
"if you don't believe it, you can't do it   there's a line between confidence and cockiness, separated by the ability to deliver!"
"this whole \being an adult\"" thing sure monopolizes your time    """
"-absolute advantage, absolutely "
does not appreciate being treated like the average chump by osu     utterly unacceptable!
must    remain    awake   
i know what good is : )
just met an amazing woman with a group of wonderful people!
"the phrase \criminally insane\"" has very subjective meaning   indeed """
some people don't justify even their consumption of oxygen 
doesn't like having to metabolize alcohol in the morning    it sucks to wake up drunk : (
likes waking up motivated!
drinkin' with my homies
crunchin' <propfirst> at the coffee shop
has e playful erienced a sequence of most fortunate events!
"ponders the deeply philosophical question of if wakefulness at 6 am is indeed good, then can still being awake at 6 am be bad?"
should probably be asleep      
needs more objectivity in his life : )
is noticing a definite increase in his testosterone level     
has reached the point of no concern    must  be the fukitol hcl
would like some solitude     
is looking for a new job!  smile 
"is gainfully employed but looking for a new job!  throw me some leads if you have any, please : )"
"wishes he was naked, far out in the woods "
just keeps getting more ripped!
would hate to be someone on his family's bad side : )
"had a crazy, awesome, crazy awesome night!"
has total self confidence!
spontaneous dance party!
hip stabilizers= sore= increase in functional power!
st  <propfemale>'s was a good night : )
office life     ahhhhh
was outside in nothing but shorts 18 hours ago      
so much blood   
is so going to enjoy this  smile 
is managing some f*****g metal with the metalmanager!!!
seems to make people uncomfortable   
definitely makes people uncomfortable!
has been eating like a grizzly    grawr    
classes attended  check  quiz emailed to professor  check   friday night  check  party time!!!
feels overwhelming benevolent gratitude!
thinks his brother tends to take force to the point of excess   
"this one's for you, <propfirst>   i'll never forget you "
"is cleaning out the office of metaljammage : ( - damn you <propfemale> hains, may you be damned to an eternity with slayer in hell!!!"
"is going to sleep, alone save for the sound of cold rain against the window pane       "
pole dancing is harder than it looks!  props to those who can pull it off!
mastodon!
has confirmed yet again that osu exclusively hires insecure toolbags to work on the police force : )  way to go oklahoma shit university!
"my phone don't be workin, i needs a new one    "
just remembered that he is a professional handy man with a highly diverse skill set and a need for jobs!!  smile 
is maliciously annoyed for the first time in like a year!! ):  goddamn testoterone!!
make the best of the situation     before you finally go insane    
worked out so hard that he puked!  argrawaawha     i bench press your face    rawwawaawg!!
pork soda!
he that fights and runs away lives to fight another day   
stripper pole!
molestache!
is getting llllllooooooowwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!
the day i tried to live    
união do vegetal
knows what good is  smile 
303 9      
"is sore, exhausted and ready to sleep it off and do it all over again!"
sometimes lacks insight into the cruelty of his sibling and cries 
has gained 30 lbs  back since february!
drunken irishmen brawling!
finds the mating rituals of the north american homo sapien rather confusing at times 
has arisen with the sun
is fed up with returning to the cave empty handed!
shall eat cake 
hates stupid apps!
<propmale> bates is a sore loser  smile 
will work for food 
number 3 number 1!
just what i always wanted: spam mail attempting to capitalize on my misfortune 
ponders       
"possesses insomnia, or vica versa"
ventures forth yet again searching for avenues of revenue
is to the point of inventing activities to pass the time         
"\if you want to make a million dollars    \"""""
"what my name is, biatch!"
"if cows are blue, are cows red?"
   'cause rules are for suckers   
aaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"attitude adjustment: less hatred, more anger  just right  smile "
boats & hos 
shotgun shells and chocolate milk 
getting fkd by the long dck of the law!
has been working like a wage slave 
the court system is a for profit institution 
das kapital
must pay off bursar   
it is not a matter of if but of when 
got dang bless 'merica!
\if children were regarded by law as the equal of adults,\59a47d661b25ca8431e32fbcb6897830,"serious question:  if you could buy anything and everything you want without limit, what good and or service would you buy and is there anything you would want to buy that doesn't exist?"
new question:  what good or service do you want to buy right now that's not available to you?
none are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free  --johann wolfgang <propmale> goethe
guess what: <propfirst> cochrain is dead  --<propfirst>
gojira!
i love my sister   stay strong <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> 
teaching myself statistics like a boss!!
