98dc4d00403a02dd75c40e3712c94a85
ho boy  already one of my distant and very nosy relations has tracked me down and tried to add me as a friend  do not want  this person is a huge gossip and i don't want my life splattered all over the rest of the family willy-nilly like that 
"caffeine isn't helping  quick, get the jumper cables!"
"the amazing <propfirst> <propfemale> came out of the closet today  i'm happy and my estimation of him just shot through the roof  but i wonder what prompted this  <propfemale> is 81, a cancer survivor, and the father of the modern skeptic movement "
"my horoscope today in the seattle times actually said to add a tea party to my day  what  the  everloving  fffffffuuuuuu---?! sorry  i'm too liberal to be joining anyone's teabagger convention, thankyouverymuch   smile "
"i would join the coffee party but i don't like coffee  besides, i'm a black sheep  or rather i should say a lone wolf  i don't color inside the lines, to mix a whole lot of metaphors   smile "
i love how they put faces of people too attractive to be single on a singles' website ad  what you see: beautiful & young  what you get: ugly & desperately horny 
ouch  never cross an angry scared rat who has a different opinion on cooperation than you  *hiss* he just had to scratch me in the right area where using a computer mouse would hurt worse!
"first attempt at democracy 2: i'm an epic liberal, apparently  i overspent my way out of office  lolz!"
"mother of damnation, i forgot what i was about to type here! senility    it's the    oh, look! a <propfemale>! *squee*"
"some people complain that <propfemale>s have thorns  others are grateful that thorns have <propfemale>s  as for me, i'm glad to be far away from any kind of <propfemale> bush right now   smile "
"hey, you can't not vote for a rat for public office  that's discrimination!"
"there is clear, salty fluid seeping from my pores  what is this? sweat? what is that?!"
i think kenshi may be depressed  he's done little more than live in that tissue-box apartment for days now   sad  i need to find more time with him 
"i don't want to go to bed on a sad note, so here's your half-daily bit of randomness: liquid feem  that is all   smile "
"d'oh  just realized that i don't want *all* my twitter posts to go on my facebook wall  i'm a lot more frisky on twitter than here, esp  since i've got family on facebook!"
oh  just realized there's a difference between a news feed and a wall post   annoyed  i'm a facebook noob 
very little pisses me off more than hipocrisy  how someone living in the lap of luxury can sit there & tell everyone else they're wrong for not believing in poverty  (see my blog for more )
"wait  is \unlike\"" now a verb?"""
"currently wearing my rats  kenshi is shirt-spelunking while ryu is riding \shotgun\"" on my shoulders  vice-president ryu is very active  he's trying to climb down to the computer & type!"""
"well, created my first sim on sims 3  <propfirst>  he's an evil loner who's a bookworm  hates children  monday is his lucky day  <propmale> imitates real life sometimes, eh?"
"valerian <propmale> is wonderful for helping you to fall asleep and stay asleep all night long  however, i've noticed one side effect: it leaves me with a deep feeling of ennui the day after  life is but woe!"
"brain is scrambled  read the mafia wars ad as: \bored? kill someone \"" it's supposed to say \""kill some time \"" lord  i think i'm becoming a psychopath  \""here's johnny!\"""""
"ok, so i listed myself as single  that makes it okay for failbook to smatter all my webpages with singles dating ads? what if i don't want to look at \happy\"" couples snogging on the beach?"""
"<propfemale> on  i thought the term \to spank a monkey\"" was a euphemism for masturbation  erm   """
"awake, although not entirely  had to take antihistamine to get to sleep, then was rudely woken up when my trachea closed up again   sad  mine is not a happy life "
"don't let the candle burn out it's raining, it's raining, it's raining a lot (currently listening to sleepthief's \labyrinthine heart\"")"""
"in case anyone should happen to care, i'm having kind-of a bad day  i'm slowly realizing that i feel very dead inside  apathetic  but i don't really care  i'm going to bed since it's the only thing to look forward to  if i don't choke again "
living with a persistent headache is a bit like trying to live in an area of the world where there's been an ongoing 4 0 magnitude earthquake for the last 6 months  nobody knows why it's happening and nothing you do can stop it   sad 
"qwest lied  they told me they'd start my autopay in june  they just stole $55 from me  so not only did i get to pay double rent this month, i also paid double phone <propmale> too! *seething with rage*"
"that's adorable  if you have animals on your farm in farmville, you pet them, they'll jump for joy and little hearts will float up from their heads  aww! i've got a chicken and a sheep on my rice farm  (you knew i'd grow rice! it's for my curry!)"
mayhap i best be off to slumber? i have been awake nearly 21 hours  i suppose after sleeping 20 the previous    night? day? (whatever!) i have earned a few extra hours of wakefulness  to sleep! perchance to dream a little dream     smile 
"i'm up but not necessarily awake this early a m  after having got less than 5 hours of sleep, it seems like my body is conspiring to keep me awake against my will  i have fibromyalgia  it's a pain in the arse "
"ok, internet e playful loder, you don't always have to be on top  quit hijacking my computer e playful erience! if i want you in the background, stay there, dammit!"
"saw a vehicle with a bumpersticker that said: liberalism is a mental disorder  of course, this vehicle was a pickup truck driven by a fat white guy who obviously smokes way too many cigarettes   wink "
"excuse me, but i won't be checking into facebook for a little while  i'm going off to sob quietly in a dark corner somewhere "
"hey, metro employees! you can't say anything, yea or nay, about religion or god whilst driving a bus! there's a thing called the establishment clause  it sucks* i know, but it's the law  *by the way, that was sarcasm    it's a very good law, in my opinion "
"rats! r-a-a-a-ats! oh, yeah, forgot  they're my pets  ohaio, kenshi  ohaio, ryu   laugh "
"why does failbook chat keep giving me false-positives? it keeps saying one of my friends is online and available to chat, but when i e playful and the window, there's no one on! liar!"
"honestly, jesus, you didn't have to do that  i've never knowingly killed anyone  i've never stolen anything valued over $2  i have lied but only where doing so would not cause great harm  i just try to live a good life, be kind to others and obey the law of the land  really, there was no reason to offer yourself as a sacrifice for me  i was born okay the first time   smile "
"kenshi is definitely the glutton  he's asleep in the empty treats cup of their food bowl  ryu again shot me the wtf look when i checked in on them  he hates being woken up  like father, like    pets?"
"breaking news: <propfirst> the chirp goes apoplectic after human e playful lains what an \egg hunt\"" is """
damn! anyone seen my brothers today?
"wellp, looks like the corporations score another one  the court just threw out the fcc and 'net neutrality  bottom line: if you are doing business with comcast, get out now "
"sadly, today's been chock full of typos for me  either my brain is going through meltdown or i'm becoming dyslexic  or, i'm just out of typing practice as i haven't written anything intelligible of length for many months   sad "
"there are some really, really disturbing things out there   surprise  too frightened to sleep  i may vomit  i'm about to pass out anyway  if i don't have nightmares, i'll be surprised  also, i want to cry  hormones must be off  good night "
"good news! <propmale> county metro actually sent a written response to my complaint about a driver! this involved a violation of the <propmale> of rights, so i'm pleased they took it seriously  now, time will tell if they actually follow through  and thank you, ffrf, for backing me up!"
"if you're religious or not, you should care about the separation between church and state  after all, the government could tell you who you have to pray to  what if you don't agree with that religion? keep that wall up!"
"i just gotta say: if you've got tattoos covering more than 2% of your body, i don't find that attractive  when i want to see skin, i want to see skin, not jumbles of color in human shape  if i want to see colors like that i'll go view paintings in a museum "
"for no apparent reason, i'm daydreaming of a holiday in scotland  costco travel has a package including edinburgh & dublin for about $900  sweet  i need the law of attraction to rain some money on me so i can do this   laugh "
dammit  just because you have a door doesn't mean you have to slam it  stupid neighbors   
"so tiger woods didn't win  not that i care much for golf (except mini and goofy) but it's too bad he didn't win  sure, he did some shameful things  but i like to see up-from-the-ashes kinds of stories and not hang-your-head-forever-in-shame deals  he'll probably bounce back from this whole thing  but not now "
"ooh lovely! my neighbors are having deep-fried skunk testicles, from the smell of things  odors from other apartments seep into my bathroom, which is why i keep it shut tighter than fort knox  gee, without my neighbors, my life might actually smell a little bit like roses! i'd move except that i'm too poor & tired of it "
"holy shit dude! not only is runescape down but twitter is, too! what the feck am i going to do with myself?! *contemplates killing neighbors just for fun* meh heh heh heh!"
i fail  at pop culture and at lgbt culture  what the hell is glee? and why is everyone so ga-ga over it?
i'm really kicking butt on farmville  but i need more peeps to join me   laugh  come be my neighbor!
"i finally got sims 3 to load! unfortunately, i've got a new problem  the animation is jerky  wtf? it's not lagging, it's just really jerky  movement isn't smooth, anims seem to walk back-and-forth during  hmmm  i'll stick to runescape til i feel like tackling this issue   "
finally shaved for the first time in 4 months  aaaaaaaaghblblblblbl!!!!!! my face is on fire!
grrr! that trick to keep ie from interrupting everything did not work! fuck this!
"check out @unicornbooty to support lgbt business and enter to win an ipad! (hey, it's free, so gimme!)"
damn  it is only after all the local grocery stores close up shop that i get a burning <propfemale> for root beer!
"as of this moment, 16 04 2010, i am officially giving up on the whole human race  i've had it  we moron apes are now so dumb that we've damned ourselves to extinction  in a few generations and once we've destroyed the fucking world so completely that we're on a countdown to annihilation, you all can look back at my words today and i can say \i fucking told you so \"""""
"ah yes, and of course there would be yet another roving band of brainless teenagers standing right out there on 4th avenue, in the street, car-dodging, yelling at the top of their lungs, acting like the little doucenozzles they are  i really wish they would get hit by another group of teens drag-racing, take a couple out of the <propfirst> pool and send the others where they can get gang-banged in jail "
"i hate everything right now  if i don't ever wake up again, it'll be the best thing that has ever happened to me   "
"if you're tempted to spout anti-gay rhetoric, take a good, honest, open-minded look around you  i'm willing to bet that wherever you climb aboard your soapbox to shout about how gays want special dispensation, you'll find gay people "
i finally found something that invariably sticks to t-fal nonstick cookware! strong odors! yuck! the failed peanut sauce noodles e playful eriment from the other day has pwned my spaghetti pot!  sad 
"wtf failbook? got amnesia? alzheimer's? forget who i am? why the hell have i had to login twice today? fuck this, everything's making me angry "
"sweet jumped-up zombie jesus on a pogo stick    now why the hell can't i have more than one intardnet e playful loder window or tab open at the same time?! cannot multitask? what the fuck is this, 1974?! i'm finally going to break over and get firefox, goddammit!"
"bought one small bottle of <propfirst>'s hard lemonade tonight  i'm falling off the wagon, baby! i haven't had a drink of anything alcoholic (beyond a sip of beer to reaffirm that i hate beer) since june of last year  not sure if i'm going to drink it tonight since i'm doing a rollover, but meh   smile "
"just saw mention of a sequel to the sex and the city movie  *epic headdesk* that's it  there is no intelligent life left on this planet  <propmale>, beam me the fuck up, now!"
ea games really dropped the ball on sims 2 and future sequels & e playful ansions  i just dreamt up a handful of ideas they could've added & made the game a lot richer  examples to be listed below 
uh oes! i might become a gym rat  i feel so good after workout i may just move in there 
win! ryu has finally figured out how to use the rat wheel! i only needed to coerce him a few times but this morning he's doing it on his own  i'm a happy rat-parent 
"ugh, high pain today  not because i overdid it at the gym yesterday; i barely moved at all  back started aching even before i made it to the y  today i can't stand up without hurting   sad  may go back to bed soon "
"happy earth day!  laugh   also, it's refreshing to know that my rats' favorite food is spaghetti  it's also my favorite food  things sometimes work out perfectly, eh?"
fibromyalgia sucks  lower back started hurting a few days ago for no reason  it's still happening  i can barely stand up; it hurts to straighten so i have to walk bent over  (being bipedal sucks ass ) can't leave apt  either but i'll need food soon 
"additionally, i saw ryu asleep inside the exercise wheel earlier  fail! i wanted to take a pic and add the caption \exercise wheel    you're doing it wrong\"" but i knew i wouldn't be able to get close enough to the cage to take a picture without him moving  i think he might be sleeping there not just for novelty but to get away from kenshi  k-rat doesn't go near the wheel """
"honestly, city of burien, i'm disappointed  seems like every time i go down there (every other day or so?) someone opens up a new can of woo  saw a new chiropractic office  that makes two now within a city block  srsly, wtf is up with you, burien?!"
damnation  not interested in lying in bed anymore  too achy & mind-busy to sleep  worried about the backlash i may get for telling someone off just now (a psycho ex-friend ) yet too ill-feeling & tired to stay up  bored  sick  life sucks right now for me 
"just read someone's tweet: [i] would be happier if it was a little warmer than 55 this morning  my thought: be happy it's 55  be happy you're here to feel 55  it could be -55  it could be 105  my point is, just be happy   smile "
fuck  looks like facebook is doing its failbook thing again  fuck 
"teenagers are children in adult bodies  parents of teenagers, of course, think their kids are adults in children's bodies "
how to make 2 hooded fancy rats turn into 2 mexican jumping beans? just add warm water & a handheld shower head set to fine mist  result: 2 rats shitting & hopping around trying to get out of the tub  fun times & clean rats!  smile 
epic win! got my paperwork in today to get the marker changed on my license  looks like the state has streamlined the process a bit  now it takes a fill-in form & a doctor's letter   smile 
"day 1 45 of operation cold-turkey caffeine: *epic fail* i've been up since 0530 this morning  i won't last til my blood donation appointment tonight  i've got to do something or i'll be asleep before long  also, how the hell did i ever survive as a mormon?!"
"i donate blood and what does \karma\"" have in store for me? try a full bladder while riding the world's slowest bus with <propmale> brimley driving  he insisted on not going an inch over 27 mph the entire way & didn't know how to turn off the heater """
"good night everyone  hope i can sleep more than 4 to 6 broken-up, flopping-like-a-fish-out-of-water hours  i usually function on a good 10 to 12, but not lately  no wonder my think-meats inside my skull-bone don't work too good lately   "
"i really loathe the fact that when a woman uses self-deprecating humor to describe female habits, other women think it's funny and or true  however, if a man uttered those same words, they'd rally to have him castrated, sued and or jailed "
"bloody hell, but i feel completely and totally hopeless right now "
worst  sound transit  driver  ever 
im officially off the wagon & completely drunk from 1 happy hour <propfemale>  i suck 
"ah yes, the quintessential northwest way to commit suicide: get a <propfemale> or design your own \e playful erimental\"" aircraft  fly it  (doesn't even have to be a <propfemale> day or anything ) your body will be found once your craft goes down & reported about on many news outlets """
"i was looking for any info online specifically from northwest cable news about the item they did about gluten-free food  saw the report at the bar but couldn't hear it, obviously  they spoke to a naturopath about it  i rofled "
reason number 694 why i should never drink alcohol ever again: the dreams i had last night  ugh!
it's spaghetti night! ryu and kenshi are going to love me more because they love spaghetti!
"never tell me animals can't emote  you should have seen the look kenshi gave me when i showed up with an entire knot (read: fistfull) of spaghetti noodles  \ecstatic\"" is one way to put it  he was like  confidential d"""
"arguably, pressure migraines are the worst kind of headache  you feel alright so long as you're sitting perfectly still  when you move or cough, your head is filled with nightmarish pain "
"holy cats! kenshi turned a cracker box into a box with a big freakin' hole in it! i think he might be a little peeved about me taking the former box out of the cage, also due to the fact that they chewed big holes in it  lol rats will be rats, after all "
i don't like the comparison between today's illegal immigration problem and the white settlers' arrival and takeover of the new world  don't blame me for what other peoples' ancestors did  i won't be held responsible for something i did not do & had no control over 
"it's not my job to change your opinion about me  it's my job to be exactly who i am  if that repels you, that's not my concern  if that attracts you, then call me a friend "
"charlie: i am god  because i am god, i'm always right, no matter if it contradicts whatever i've said in the past  me: (thinks about it, then shouts) then, that really does make you god! charlie: yerp "
"oh yeah, i kinda forgot about all that manifest <propfemale> stuff  and, oh yeah, you kinda forgot that i have no control over history, moron "
dammit  is there a way to view other people who like a certain facebook <propfemale>? other than the <propfemale> sidebar item that shows you 6 people at a time  facebook is so piss-poorly designed 
"another reason why poverty + crime = epic suck  every weekend, starting late thursday night, there's a helicopter that buzzes over the apartment here in slummy bluecollarville  it's loud, it's annoying, & it's probably a phenomenal waste of ta playful ayer money  y'know, because the kc sherriff doesn't do shit "
ough    migraine  again  third time this week  this means no workout today  this is inconvenient because it's also grocery day  might have difficulty doing even that  but i've got to 
"yes, web ads, i am looking for a boyfriend  but, no, i don't want a boyfriend who takes pictures of himself half naked in front of the bathroom mirror  can you say \manwhore\""?"""
"cute <propfirst> quote of the day: dogma should always be free  if you ever have to pay for dogma, then it's probably not worth it  also, munch!"
"cute <propfirst> quote of the day annoyed me: we all know that flying is simply the act of flinging yourself at the ground and missing \<propfirst> (who is a swamp sparrow, ergo, a bird): hey! you mean my kind has been doing it wrong all this time?!"
" sad  my teapot died  the bottom broke out when i poured hot water in it  i had it since the <propmale> days, about 10 years  i'm sad now "
"my very special hidden talent: i can duplicate the engine sounds of a circa 1960s vw beetle & the newer low-floor 40' new flyer metro buses using only my mouth & throat  (only, this morning, i seem to be off a bit  i'm practicing )"
"i got a letter back from the state department of licensing  as of 06 may, 2010, i am mr  <propfirst> a  <propmale>  i've been approved for a change of gender designation on my driver license  my reaction was, and i quote: woo hoo! epic win!"
"how the hell do you meet people on facebook? i mean, do you have to know a bunch of people already to get invites from others? that sucks; why do facebook at all if you already know a lot of folks?!"
"i've determined, through 12 years of close, personal scientific observation and study, that 99 9998% of my problems stem from not having a personal motorized means of transport "
"pizza night rawked! made homemade pizza with a 3-cheese blend  pepperoni, mushrooms, black olives, bacon pieces, and green <propfemale> pepper topped by mozzarella, medium cheddar and parmesan  also added garlic salt to the crust  oooh good! pix forthcoming when i stop being lazy "
"rumors currently abounding on facebook ads being loaded with viruses may be painfully true  i just cleaned a trojan downloader off my laptop computer earlier  as a result, i won't be frequenting failbook as often "
"in just a few minutes, it'll be 18 may 2010, the 30th anniversary of the \latest\"" eruption of mt  st  helens """
please pray for me* because i am stupid enough to dare wal-mart again today  (*-denotes sarcasm in the extreme )
"if someone made a film about my life, it'd be like a big-screen where's <propmale>  it'd be a wide-angle shot of a crowd of people passing by on their way to whatever  i'd be the little guy who walks by in the blurry background about 1 hour and 37 minutes into the film "
"so my year and 3 4 wait to get on the queue to get energy assistance goes ever onward  i have literally been trying to get help for 2 years  two  fucking  years  meanwhile the balance on my power <propmale> is going up and up, with $10 added to each unpaid <propmale> "
"it is not un-american to criticize the government  in fact, it is more un-american to sit back in complacency and let government run amok "
"ok, cigarette smokers: prove to me that you care about anything other than your supposed \right\"" to smoke """
"man, shit  i suck at life  i suck even more at relationships  i'm crushing on a guy who's not available  i really, really, really suck "
"another witty convo starring <propfirst> the chirp --\me: (looking at a short article on wikipedia) oh, this one's a shorty \<propfirst>: are you looking at porn again?\me: not this time \ laugh "
"<propfirst> the chirp: professional megalomaniac, professor of delusions of grandeur, would-be ruler and subjugator of tacoma, rats' rights advocate? yep, he's \adopted\"" kenshi and ryu as his \""children\"""""
"another day, another opportunity to wonder why i continue to live   "
"i'd much rather have all the haters out in the open, e playful ressing free speech rather than suppressed and in hiding  that way, we know where they are, what they're doing, & what they're saying "
it's 25 05  do you know where your towel is?!  wink 
"it's amazing how i went from an average-height, big-waisted, average-foot female-person with small breasts to a short, modestly-meaty guy with <propfemale> feet just by changing my gender!"
"wow, the world wide web is chock full of geniuses  first i read a comment by a guy who has no earthly idea what punctuation is for  then i read another comment who actually says \h-e double hockey sticks \"" afraid to type the word \""hell\"" there?"""
"new law of nature: if you have more than 4 legs, you are not allowed to grow larger than an inch  got it? *shudders*"
"what's really amazing is that we originate from chemicals produced by our sun; we are literally made of stars (sorry, moby ) yet the majority of us are content to believe we literally arose from <propmale> based on the word of a <propfirst> bronze-age tome  woman originated from a rib bone, no less!"
"i'm about 99 9998% sure i'm being cold-shouldered out of the ftm community in this godforsaken place  2 new guys showed up to tonight's meeting, they were welcomed in with practically a ticker-tape parade  meanwhile, i've been totally and blatantly ignored "
"i know i don't have a lot of followers, but i'm curious  question for the straight guys: do you feel insulted if a gay guy comes onto you? i'd like answers  this is purely a question out of curiosity "
"i got problems  i owe at least $700 to the power company  i'm lonely as fuck  i've got <propmale> depression  i'm chronically unemplyable  i'm in love with a guy who's already got a boyfriend  i've got a handful of money to last me til next month  i'm tired  i'm broke  i'm borderline suicidal  so, how's your day so far?"
"best thing about social networking sites is you can interact with your favorite lesser-known celebrities one-on-one, basically  love talking with my favorite musicians   wink "
i really don't get the failbook news feed order  i'm just now getting notice of an event that happened last week on my timeline today  wtf? yet another reason facebook fails so epically 
"i'm here to wish my friend <propfirst> royka a very, very happy birthday today  keep on being awesome!  smile "
"anyone want a pair of spoiled-brat rats? they fight a lot, knock over their food bowl, eat too much human food, poop & piss everywhere, chew up shit, and only make me more pissed off than i need to be  free for the asking  > sad "
"remember, kids, as you hit the sales and buy too many shoes and run yourself further into debt today, be sure to pause and lend a kind thought to those who died to defend your country so you could have the freedom to spend and sit on your ass watching tv  thinking of you, servicemembers, with an especial tip of gratitude towards our lgbt soldiers  thank you, from the bottom of my heart "
"i think a buddhist <propfemale> just moved in next door  not sure how i feel about this yet  buddhists are generally one step clsoer to atheism than most other people of faith  besides, i've visited many buddhist <propfemale>s overseas, so i know it's good there  this might be the start of something nice "
"i'm having terrible, nauseating pain in my liver area  not sure if i should go to the e d  it woke me out of a rather nice sleep  i might be awake the rest of tonight  if it gets worse, i'm calling 9-1-1 "
"it's free dunkin' donut day  also, i've heard through the grapevine that if you show up at the puyallup krispy kreme and prove you listen to 97 3 kiro radio you'll get free stuff "
"even in sleep i find no peace, no real rest  love is a mental illness; lust is a social disease  if only he wasn't making it so damn hard on me  if only i knew how he felt  if only     sad "
"just called crisis hotline  counselor told me, after i e playful lained my situation, \sometimes you gotta just <propfemale> in there!\"" worst  motherfucking  crisis  counselor  ever """
"wow  just when i really need my family to support me, i find out my brothers are off having fun with someone i thought was my friend  gee, and i thought i was suicidal yesterday   "
"you know, with just about every other aspect of my life i can handle things  if something's not ideal, i take it in stride  i evolve pretty easily to new circumstances  i research & keep myself educated  i'm damn good at resourcing & pretty good at looking for help  yet, when it comes to love & lust matters, i suck horribly "
"have been on-hold, literally, since about 11:55 am today waiting for a call-back from social security  see, this is why i hate anticipating phone calls  i can't miss this, either, because it could mean $185 i desperately need "
lovely  so twitter's down  looks like i have to move all my emo shit & senseless drabble over here for the time being 
"a poll asks: if you win a getaway package to see cirque du soleil, which city would you rather be sent to? montreal, las vegas or barcelona  so far, las vegas is winning by a 7% margin over barcelona  montreal has 13% of the total vote  wtf? why las vegas?!"
i has <propmale> cracker pie crust  i has sugar-free mousse pudding mix  i has milk  i can shortly has pudding pie   laugh 
"who do i have to kill to get some codeine right about now? my pot-smoking downstairs neighbor? sweet  *the voices are talking to me again, evidently* (wink)"
twitter is once again over capacity  at 2:28am pdt  what  the  everloving  feck?! i guess the 6 users are too much for the little trs-80 they use as a server at twitter hq  that and they really need to hire someone over the age of 26 who knows what they're doing  > sad 
"teabagging: proof that, to some, cold, unfeeling \money is far more important than human rights, dignity and suffering "
of course twitter is over capacity  it wouldn't be twitter if it actually worked!
"it's national man day  remember, guys, being a man is more than having the emotional range of a set of plumbing and the maturity that would embarrass a 3 year-old "
"i really wish god hadn't made the area around our fingernail cuticles so damn sensitive  ( sarcasm) seriously, when i get hangnails it's like the worst pain ever "
"it's time for another good idea, bad idea (tm)\good idea: eating broccoli for health benefits, nutrition, vitamins, fiber and flavor \bad idea: eating broccoli, and then conveniently forgetting to buy anti-gas medication  d'oh!"
"great  first twitter gyps me out of an opportunity due to server incompetence  now it looks like failbook and zynga are jumping on the bandwagon  people, get your head out of each other's asses and actually fix your damn servers! jaysus!"
"man, i get fed up with people taking pics of themselves by shooting the mirror reflection  dudes, i can see your camera! get a tripod and a cam with a timer  or, better yet, a friend who'll photograph you  or do what i do: turn on the macro function, hold the cam at arm's length and shoot yourself "
you know you're addicted to frontierville when: you click the heart icon on a tumblr <propfemale> and e playful ect to get a reputation bonus (true story for me )
"frontierville is e playful eriencing problems on failbook right now  i'm dead tired (long story) so i guess my wheat will wither  i'll regift when i get the <propmale>, if i'm still alive tomorrow evening "
"totally having a heart attack and dying from not-surprise here  farmville is once again fucking up  it'd be nice if they worked out all of the bugs before they go live with something rather than put it up as-is and slap a nice \beta! omglolz!\"" label on it """
"my apologies  i seem to now be having trouble with the gift-giving interface on frontierville  if i owe you a gift, please respond on my wall or send me a pm with your request  i'll regift when i get the <propmale>  ugh, computers!"
"additional apology: i just now realized that most of my new farmville frontierville friends could not see my wall posts and probably weren't getting any of my shared bonuses  i've given permission now, so y'all can bonus up  sorry   smile "
"i live out in the boondocks, about 15 <propmale> from downtown seattle  yet, when there is a damned protest for damned immigration reform, i'm still affected by it  go  the fuck  home  idiots "
"i need a vacation from my life  otherwise i'm going to blow up inside and wake up in a foreign country with no money, no clothes on and a few terminal stds and unable to speak the language    and no earthly idea how i got there, where i am or what happened  in any case, i forsee myself ending it all by jumping off a bridge "
"twitter is having server issues  again  you'd think that a site that has quickly gone from \niche\"" to \""mainstream\"" would actually have their crap together by now  > sad """
i'm so tipsy  all i had was one glass of wine  how do people live like this? meep!  laugh 
"would you believe this? on the day before the 20th anniversary of the car crash that nearly killed me i had to go and witness a car wreck? woman ran a red light, t-boned a station wagon  now e playful eriencing flashbacks & ptsd "
"i'm really having trouble with the free gifts <propfemale> on frontierville  anyone else having this problem? it won't load proper, takes several refreshes, then won't list my friends  i'll gift regift when this gets straightened out, hopefully in a few hours  sorry "
"no, that was not an earthquake in seattle  apparently a private cessna entered no-fly zone as president obama was leaving  2 jets went supersonic intercepting the cessna, scaring most of the citizens of south seattle, including me  bloody    lol"
i am currently going through a <propmale> depressive episode  i'm going tomorrow to ask for help  it only gets worse & i can't live like this 
"olve garden's neverending pasta bowl ftw  i also had a variety of pinot grigio i've never tried before  cold, sweet, mild, perfect   smile  life was good for about half an hour "
nooooo! i can't find that highly addictive word-scramble game i was playing last night! i thought i could find it on the games <propfemale>! i need my crack!  laugh 
"wow  sure is nice to know that whenever i'm feeling like killing myself that i can just pick up the phone & call someone  oh, and did anyone know i just got released from the er? yeah, funny story, that "
"you raise the blade \you make the change \you rearrange me 'til i'm sane \you lock the door \and throw away the key \there's someone in my head\but it's not me "
"i don't play well with others \at all \ever \it's even on my kindergarten report card "
"i gave the rats a bit of food last night on a small ceramic saucer  later, kenshi tea-bagged it  i don't know if i want that plate back now  ugh  if i eat off it later, i'll only be thinking \rat balls \"" *barfs*"""
saw the christian wallet thief today  she's plumper than ever  guess she's been finding more stupid <propmale> men's wallets 
why are shades of grey so hard for people to understand? why can't i be a feminine male? a nondominant top? a conservative liberal?
"wow  metro day of hell today  no, make that week of hell "
"it's that time of year now where i must determine whether or not to embrace christmas this year  also, i'm going to need to pick out a halloween costume "
i am shocked and appalled to learn that washington still has a death penalty  they're executing a guy via lethal injection at midnight tonight  sickening 
"beginning to sink into a morass of hopelessness, grief, sadness and suffering "
"i love my country but i will gainsay anyone who calls me a traitor for supporting the \ground zero mosque \"" anyone who knows me knows that i became a fire buff after events on 9 11 """
"i hate to admit it, but the gay community is often a source of great disappointment to me  (i know this will come back to bite me in the arse one day  giggety?)"
"ever\ get the feeling that the world is changing so fast that you're totally \lost without <propmale> of catching up? i'm starting to feel 35 now "
"i hope that if i have to get electroconvulsive therapy, i forget everything  better yet, i hope something goes horribly wrong and i die  i'm in hell  utter hell "
bellevue  feels like im hemorraging money just being here 
i have never tossed a shot before  holy shit does it get your head spinning fast! captain <propfirst> is bumfucking me hard right now  and i love it!
"atheist, skeptic, freethinker, humanist  can i also be a misanthropist? absolutely  homo sapiens is just another animal but more dangerous since s he believes s he has superiority handed down by the supernatural "
"did anyone else notice the fail in wednesday's seattle times? a front-page article, asked jews & non-jews to unplug for yom kippur  above the article remainder on a8, a piece saying kids 6-12 are helped by computers  fail "
"on the marra ye be callin' me ye dead pirate <propfirst>, yar! it's 19 september, international talk like a pirate day, ya-har!"
"going to attempt to sleep now  i'll check back in on the am  hopefully i won't sleep 18 hours like i did the other day  believe me, i needed it!"
a flowchart to tell you if twitter is down: is the internet working? --> yes --> twitter is fail-whale 
"once\ again, the dinosaurs of the gop prove what i've been saying for years: \republicans are the reason congress is the opposite of progress  provision containing dadt repeal failed "
"i think i just got excellent news  the problem neighbor i've been concerned with basically since i moved in here is on the way out  it is said that it will take about 2 months to finalise, but this is very good news "
"\kyle\"" means \""from the narrows \""\",9 laugh c4d00403a02dd75c40e3712c94a85,"at least religion has dogma, canon that is spelled out, somewhat neat, and easy to digest  the new agers have dog food  it's mostly filler, 99% of it is complete mystery meat, it does the job for some animals but, ultimately, for those of us who aren't conent with eating whatever shit happens to fall in front of our paws, it isn't satisfactory and is quite hard to swallow "
there are two types of people in this world: people who contemplate homicidal actions towards family friends neighbors strangers etc  and people who actually follow through on it  61 year old mentally ill lady just shot & killed 4 people about 1 4 mile from my apartment 
"seattle  the capitol city of solipsism  if you park your shopping cart in the dead center of the aisle then block the widest space through which i might be able to squeeze, don't act shocked when i say \excuse me\"" and try to pass  jeebus """
"another une playful lained browser crash  stay classy, firefox  one day, you too shall be just like internet e playful lorer!"
"what is this, impromptu parade of old metro buses along <propmale>  then ipod plays bus stop by the hollies  lol"
"ok, so if a guy wears a tutu and face paint during gay pride, this is not okay  but if a guy can wear full body paint and a stupidly tacky furry hat during a football game, how is this not a double standard?!"
"meet the nation of ursalea  it's a small country that encompasses the greater seattle area from edmonds to tacoma  its people are of spanish ethnicity and currently practice the national religion of shinto  hmm   \http annoyed  www cybernations net nation_drill_display asp?nation_id=422714"
getting high off scent of new metro timetable ink  smells good!
"that makes two family members now, passed away inside of a week  on top of that i had to do something stupid and try to reconnect with an old flame who's, so far, still acts like everything is my fault  i hate to sound selfish, considering, but see this is why i never sit content when things start to go well "
"this day, so full of fail, sucked ass  happy motherfucking birthday to me "
people can't hear what you don't tell them  yet what if the thing you want or need to tell them will make them so angry they won't talk to you for six months or longer?
"you know, people go on & on about the beatles yet, if you think about it, another british invasion group is more successful  the moody blues are still together, still touring, & all of them are alive  still produce original albums "
happy 10 10 10 day everyone! (what's that in binary?)
ow  toothache still here  headache still here  i know this means i'm alive but why does living have to mean so much pain?! i guess ice cream for afters is not a good idea   
"public service announcement - remember, there are three things you never discuss with people: religion, politics & the great pumpkin   smile "
is mercury retrograde today? i swear every metro bus was a douche-ride from hell  the am 134 made everyone get off the coach a stop early  the 60 driver didn't know what he was doing  then 131 got rerouted   annoyed 
today: wear purple  say no to bullying  remember those who were pushed over the edge  support lgbt community 
it's 8 smile 0 am  time for me to go to bed   smile 
"i'm hanging up the \do not disturb\"" sign and going to bed  the first trick-or-treaters to knock on my door or ring my doorbell will be bitten and transformed into sparkly! vampires  have a happy and safe halloween """
"dear santa,\papa needs a new microwave oven  if you see fit to deliver, i promise to not kill any children, elderly persons, annoying dogs, rednecks or anyone else who ticks me off in 2011  spiders, however, are still fair game and always shall be  thank you \love,\dead pirate <propfirst>"
"all i gotta say is    \f*ck yeah 26 oz bag of f*ckin' <propfemale> corn! mwahahaha!!!\""\",9 laugh c4d00403a02dd75c40e3712c94a85,"with religion, if good things happen to you, it's because god decided to bless you, but if bad things happen, it's the devil's fault or god is trying to test you  without religion, things just happen  the universe is vast and impersonal  that, to me, is more comforting than the belief that i'm just a puppet on a string dancing for supernatural whims  hooray for atheism!"
"so if dems take senate and gop takes house & we have a middling prez, do they cancel each other out? finally! anarchy!"
"how can i always tell it's raining without even going near a window?\squeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaal!\all the douchenozzles in the neighborhood get in their cars and trucks and go peel around corners  because there's nothing better to do after your 9-to-5 than shred tires and endanger lives  what else are paychecks for?"
"why do people follow you on a social networking site then seem to exist only to reblog stuff that you write, adding some backhanded sarcastic or passive-aggressive remark to whatever you say? i mean, if you got something to say to me, say it to my face "
i'm just a motherfucking troll magnet today  what makes fucking teenagers think they can harass an adult walking by them on the sidewalk?
"there's nothing new under the sun, and i just don't get it why the old and passe becomes suddenly so popular  conan o'brien has been around for a long time, yet he's the hot topic of the moment  and what's this about the tron remake? iirc, everybody thought the original sucked  why is it cool now, a generation later?"
"i wish i had been in a better mood earlier  i would have appreciated this moment more: on the bus, i saw a kid wearing a pin, white 8-bit text on black that simply read \ftw \"" sometimes your day is so damn bleak even the awesome can't get through  i'm going to bed now """
"here's to hoping dr  <propmale> hershey can help save this poor pain-wracked wretch from his misery  (ok, i know chocolate really isn't medicine, but it makes me feel better for a bit )"
omg  my favorite christmas movie phenomenon is going to become a musical! and it's coming to seattle! woot! anyone want to team up with me and go see it?!
"why\ is it not considered racist when someone says that a white person can't\ say anything on combatting racism in the world today? i guess it's\ on par with feminists who say men, especially transsexuals of all \types, can't ever be feminists  divisions and separations are \segregation  didn't we learn years ago that segregation sucks?"
"i'm paying out $20 (possibly more) to anyone who will deliver me a papa murphy's take-and-bake pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms and a container of cookie dough  i'm too cold & tired to walk out to get it myself and i must be on my man-period  i've got cravings "
"i'm kinda-sorta sold on <propfirst>'s angus mushroom and swiss burger now  oh, and a big thank you to the artard who threw his her fry box out the window without removing the monopoly stamps first  the sammich was delicious and completely free   wink "
"hey, tumblr  would you mind getting your shit together finally, please?\uber fucktards "
"ok, i think i'm over my snit  i am in an oddly good mood today  why do i not completely trust this feeling? oh yeah, i'm bipolar  this could just be hypomania  grrr  oh well  don't suffer through insanity; enjoy the crazy ride til the end!"
"combination hot apple pie and mulled apple cider: epic win \letting the last little bit of cider get cold and drinking it anyway because you hate waste: epic fail \ok, so maybe it wasn't an epic fail because it was not on fire and no one died in the process  but it was still a fail nonetheless "
"alright, let's get one thing clear: it is perfectly fine and mostly sane to start christmas shopping as early as you like, even as early as july  however, it is not acceptable in any way to begin decorating before thanksgiving! a neighbor already had a tree up at the beginning of this month  local bloggers are pointing out all the places that are putting up tinsel  what  the  f$&@?!"
we got flurries in white center  brr!
going to bed now 
"since reading a bit about jewish kosher laws earlier this year, i've made it a game to seek out the k or u on food items and containers  today, however, i got a package of little <propfemale> christmas tree cakes and found a big k printed on the front  really? kosher christmas trees?"
"it's snowing!\ laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
"ok, since the weather doesn't look like it's going to get warm enough to melt off all this snow and ice til thursday, i cancelled my appointments for tomorrow  sheesh  it's pretty stuff coming out of the sky but who said winter could get a jump-start this year?"
"now e playful eriencing a bit of schadenfreude  read a remark from female half of a young newly married couple trying to conceive for 1st time  schmoozing over baby manuals & proper child rearing advice  believe me, it'll be forgotten after 6 months of diaper changings & 3 am feedings "
"is still weirded out by the mt 60 coaches driving by the apartment \though, i do love the sound of the engines on those particular coaches  they make a very specific \purring\"" sound unique to that type of coach  fun! and i can almost mimic the sound with my throat (sort of goes along with my hidden talent of being able to mimic the sound of an old style vw beetle using my lips )"""
"come on  how can anyone possibly have the energy not only to move out of a place, but also move into a new one and fecking unpack all night? by the way, it should be against the law to move a sensory defensive person into an apartment unit where both vibration and noise from other units will make that person overstimulated and homicidal "
"i've officially converted to boeing employees credit union \and just in time  i got a notice in the mail that my current bank is eliminating their free checking option  man, fuck banks and fuck fucking corporatocracy  i'm closing all business with <propmale> before february  good job i got my savings and my checking accounts started today  i'm part of a collective now and not some faceless peon who hands fatcats my money!"
"ok, la-freakin'-nina    bring it  i got shoe-chains now "
"if you have not yet lost hope for humanity, you will now: <propfirst> bieber is coming to the big screen, in 3-d  good job i already totally lost hope in humanity earlier this year, otherwise this would have utterly crushed me "
facebook tendencies that annoy amuse me: you're having a really bad day  find someone on your friends list who's having a marginally better day  reply to their marginally better post  tell everyone that someone you know is dying  forget totally that fb has private messaging option 
damn  i guess spawning season is over already? i forgot to make a trip to renton library to watch the salmon   sad  now i've got to wait another year  boo hoo 
"i am having an unnecessarily hard life  even if things aren't crashing down around me, my own mind makes things more complicated than they need be  even if there was a god, mental illness is proof that god doesn't give one flying fuck about the things god created "
"sign online petition; provide mandatory email address \begin getting spam from  org where you signed petition \unsubscribe from unsolicited mailers \begin getting spam from other groups linked to petition org \ffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuu--"
"don't ask: it's a western washington thing  once you leave the store (and this is especially true if you have a huge shopping cart,) be sure to stop in the doorway so people behind you trying to leave get crushed by the automatic door "
"every <propfemale> has its thorn\just like every night has its dawn\just like every cowboy sings a sad, sad song\every <propfemale> has its thorn\(apropos of nothing, btw  thought i'd bust it with a little non-holiday music  mostly to save my sanity    what's left of it anyway )"
"i have literally been trying to get utility assistance since 2008  on a fluke, i tried to call the 800 number to get an appointment this evening  i go in on 30 december to sign up for a subsidy  omfg  my latest <propmale> was almost $800 from nonpayment  i will not let this happen again! i promise!"
a tank just pulled out of ballard safeway  fuck yeah!
"so, apparently the thing to do on facebook at the moment is to change your profile pic to a favorite cartoon character from your youth  it's supposed to show that you support the campaign against child abuse  done and done  my all-time favorite toon hero? the cross-dressing prankster and american everyman (every-rabbit?) bugs <propfemale> "
"since it's a very real possibility (however remote) that i might be relocating to another apartment come the end of this month, i shall put holiday decorating on hiatus until i find out more  would it be too tacky to put up lights on new year's day and light them throughout january?"
"is it tacky to answer the door wearing your houseclothes when the pizza person arrives? and by houseclothes i mean sleep pants, old shirt and house slippers? coz i'm totally doing that tonight "
"anyone want to volunteer to help me move? i'll know for sure one way or another tomorrow, possibly  i pay in booze  and i'm generous with it "
"quick, someone show me how to do a fantastic and anatomically correct middle finger in ascii so i can email it over to tumblr for them being twats worse than twitter this weekend "
"this day needs to be over sooner rather than later  i've got important things to do tomorrow  trying to calm my nerves, i tried watching a movie  it didn't help; turns out it was a psychological thriller  i'm worse off than before the film  anxiety just simmering under panic levels  i hate this "
"hey, tumblr  thank you for being offline all night  i'm really getting a lot done and things couldn't be more smooth  no, i lied actually; fuck you royally "
"twitter isn't working  tumblr has been down for hours  facebook has been hit-and-miss for me  this is why i often hate sundays \unrelated: the stress is killing me  i really do feel like crying  why? i don't understand this "
frustration! the management person i need to speak to about relocating to another unit won't be in the office until tomorrow! grr! but i do have her email address now  i'm going to write her then go out to print off these  pdf forms from section 8 just in case  then downtown to court to get advice 
"i propose that all habitual tumblr users take this down-time as a real opportunity  a time to rest, to visit friends and family, to   \   sike! i propose we take this time to write nasty emails to support@tumblr com and if someone should find a corporate phone number for their office, to inundate them with nasty phone calls as well! we won't take this lying down!  laugh "
"lol i just realized that the \physician\"" character when you get a score tally at the end of the game on word challenge looks just like the ultrasound technician at the ob gyn office i go to  disturbingly lol"""
"among possible security questions you can use on my credit union's website annoyed which team do you love to see lose?\only in seattle   \also, they're promoting costco membership  wonder why?  wink  p s : <propmale>, hope you signed up for this credit union!"
"guess what, tumblr addicts? yep  tumblr just went down again \*headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk*"
"two things that will be easier for humanity to accomplish before i can get my landlord on the phone this week: 1 ) making contact with intelligent extraterrestrial life, 2 ) getting tumblr to stay online for longer than an hour  *headpiano*"
"my brain is warped by fatigue and stress  whilst perusing a website looking for info on diabetic testing coverage for my healthcare plan, i read a link at the bottom: \cadaver support center \"" it's actually \""caregiver support center\"" but my mind isn't working well right now """
"someone has already applied for the apartment i was seeking  nobody knows if the apartment will be leased as yet  there might be a slim <propmale> they'll turn down the application, but i doubt it  i should know something by tomorrow  right now, though, i feel absolutely sick  the stress is killing me "
"in this instance, no news isn't good news  i've got no news at all  not surprising since the landlord is notorious for not following up on requested call-backs and, apparently now, emails  so as long as my asshole neighbors let me, i'm going back to sleep  let me not wake up "
"why, facebook? i hit the \home\"" button (which usually takes you back to the top of a <propfemale>) and instead it takes me to the bottom of the <propfemale>   \",9 laugh c4d00403a02dd75c40e3712c94a85,"dadt repeal is probably lost  republicans cockblock <propmale> that would provide healthcare for first responders involved in 9 11  tax breaks for the <propmale> continue  (where are you, frodo baggins?)\everyone who really knows me understands that i don't say this at all lightly, but annoyed fuck you, america \we could be the great nation that all the patriots claim  but we're not  not by a long shot "
"well, no response from leasing office  matters did not look favorable for me  if by some miracle the renters decide not to take the apartment after all, that would be the only reason i'd get it now  so, regardless, i am out of this fucking loony dormitory next november  even if i have to get a j-o-b for the first time in 12 years "
"303 is taken now; i won't be moving after all  landlord said she'd keep me in mind if when another upper unit came available  time will tell; after all, they did blatantly lie to me that pothead would be moving out in two months  next stop: courthouse on monday  anyone want to meet me for supper then?\also, am having my first <propmale> nosebleed of the season  it is now *officially* winter "
"one thing i don't like about cold temps (other than the arthritic aches and pains it brings) is that by the time you've toasted both bagels and smeared them with cream cheese, one is cold and the other is getting cold  so you eat the cold one giving time for the less-cold bagel to go cold  and cold cheese bagels aren't nearly as pleasant as warm, toasty cheese bagels   sad "
"remember, people  that pedestrian you nearly mowed down probably has a family or someone counting on them to be home this holiday season  even i, the lonely cumurdgeon, have two rats who depend on me  slow down and get over yourself  play safe or you could hurt someone "
"yes, the new profile pic is deliberately creepy   wink "
"parenting fail: taking your small children with you into the liquor store \epic parenting fail: letting your kids run rampant in the liquor store and allowing them to shake an unbought $40 bottle of goldschlager to watch the pretty gold sparkles fly \true story this evening "
"sometimes you pwn the needle and other times the needle pwns you    wait, that makes no sense \which is to say it doesn't make sense that i had to use two needles to inject testosterone this time  this makes twice in two years  obviously, i suck and should never pursue a medical career   "
"only thing better than a warm toasted cream cheese bagel is a warm toasted cream cheese bagel dipped in the runny yolk of a freshly fried egg  however, i can't get the over-easy bit down; 2 of 3 eggs' yolks broke in the process  i fail at making breakfast  tho, technically, this was my supper  at 3 00 am "
"any suggestions as to jobs for someone who's unable to work full-time, can't earn more than $700 a month, and who hasn't worked any sort of continuing job in twelve years? and, no, flipping whoppers is not an option; been there, done that, now the smell of burger <propmale> makes me nauseous  serious inquiries only "
"it's 2010, almost 2011  they can't even invent laser computer mice whose cursors don't randomly shoot off in an une playful ected direction totally at random, and you people are demanding hovercars, jetpacks and giant robots?"
"mock  b  and not get haxxored? well, you've spoke too soon \not that i visit  b   anymore  well, within the last month  that has to count for something, right?\*wanders off to hide in shame*"
"i bought my boys (rats!) a toy today as an early birthday yule christmas belated haunukah really early kwanzaa boxing day new year present  it's a rat ball  it's hollow, plastic, big  i call it the death <propfemale>  ryu took right off in it but he needs to learn the brakes  kenshi just panicked then lay down in it  *sigh* at least i had fun "
"awake \alive \do not want "
"well, goodbye disabled folks of washington  goodbye non-emergency dental, eye and foot care  goodbye state historical museums  none of this would have happened if you'd all voted for me "
"woke this evening to red and blue lights and strobes  xmas party? nope; just our annual holiday car wreck at the corner of 112 and 4th  hey, county, any <propmale> of getting a signal there or regulating that intersection? heh, no; who can afford it?"
"ever have one of those days (nights) when you can't sleep because a stupid muscle keeps twitching, jolting you awake just as you drop off? yeah  i get that nearly every night  fibromyalgia sucks  especially when your doctor doesn't believe you have it   sad "
"i'm going to regret this, i'm sure but    i'm going to renton today  today, as in, the last saturday before christmas  i'm surely a dead man walking right now  well, it's been nice knowing all of you   "
"fuck off, dadt  serve openly, my gay brothers and sisters  and thank you from the bottom of my heart "
bit off about an inch of chocolate pocky biscuit stick for each of my rats  they bit down on them and i swear it looked like i'd given them each a rat-scale cigar  lol
"help, i'm scared  there's this huge blue dome over south seattle right now and a big, bright warm ball in it  the light is unbearably bright and the ball makes everything warm to the touch  there's no water coming from the sky  we're all gonna die, i just know it! aaarghblblblbl!!!"
"fibromyalgia sucks so hard  67f is way too cold, yet 70f is way too hot  earlier, 49f but standing in the sun was spring-like  can i trade in this body yet? it's got 35 years on it and a few hundred-thousand <propmale> but i need a trade-in  else the road from here on in is going to be a lot bumpier   sad "
"i've earned $0 04 interest with boeing employees credit union  that's more interest that i had ever earned with chase \fuck the banks; join a credit union!"
"some uber douche decided to park his hummer h3 tank at the burien <propmale>'s grocery store so that he took up two parking spaces  some other kind troll left a wet note on his windshield with a single word scrawled on it in big enough letters that all passers-by could read: \asshole!\""    indeed    this trolling has been kyle-approved!"""
"i need muscle relaxers  my left calf is trying to ball up  hmm, i wonder how long i'll have to let a couple of shots of <propfemale>'s metabolize before i take a muscle relaxer? i'm not ready for bed yet, though! i'll try the booze first, see if that doesn't loosen me up "
"bah, humbug!"
"ok, just to be different: happy christmas all you wankers!  wink "
<propfemale> has officially entered the united states 
"<propmale> county metro trip planner totally fails ass  it's telling me to go 5 <propmale> out of my way in the wrong direction to catch a completely needless bus route to get to downtown  the bus that goes by my flat goes right to downtown, yet it wants me to head south and catch a redundant route north to downtown  and this was under the filter option \fewest transfers\""!"""
"thank \god\"" for star<propmale>s    one of a few \""heathen\"" places open on the lord's birthday  praise jesus and pass the <propmale>!  wink """
"i honestly don't know what's worse, people using \your\"" for \""you're\"" or people who've started using \""you're\"" instead of \""your\""! <propfemale> fails at education """
"what is it about small dogs (i call \anklebiters\"") that appeal to the old and or infirm?\",9 laugh c4d00403a02dd75c40e3712c94a85,"this head cold might be survivable if the only medication i have for it didn't e playful ire in june of 2009  i guess that's a good sign that i don't get sick from head colds that often  the bad news is that, no matter what, i've got to go out tomorrow to buy new medicine  hopefully stuff that'll knock me out for a year "
"hmm, <propfirst>'s is advertising their new menu item: chicken parmesan  okay, anyone care to join me at <propfirst>'s in burien? yummy! i've got to try this! (though i usually go for the pancakes )"
"uuuugh, did you get the number of that donkey cart?\unrelated, i'm starting to really hate avg    "
"i'm a little worried  could be all the booze    i mean, cold medicine    lately, but today my eyesight is crap  i'm squinting at my laptop which is literally less than arm's length away   sad  had to wear my glasses at grocery store earlier  do not want!"
"i'll let you all in on a little personal secret before the big reveal tomorrow: i've always hated new year's  and a little not-so-secret: i don't watch the ball drop in time's square anymore because i hate to see happy (always hetero for some reason) couples snogging on tv  also, i hope seattle's space needle fireworks rock this year "
"the big reveal: i am transgendered  i am choosing on this day, 31 december, 2010, to come out of the closet  i want to start 2011 with integrity and i have the full support of my brothers to back me  please read my \comments\"" below for the rest of the story """
"something to keep in mind as everyone (and their dog) begins the month-long new year's resolution to lose that extra 50 pounds: eat right, exercise, die anyway  i figure that since you only get one shot at life, may as well live it the way you want to, and stop lying to yourself "
think i'm about to try out sound transit's new fare menu  all prices for reduced fare permit holders reflect <propmale> county's fare rates  so one-zone and two-zone fares are all $ 75  now if only all prices were going down 
"ah, the empty threats of an ecologically-aware bleeding heart liberal  i said to my computer, when it was starting to act funny upon startup: \you'd better start working properly or i'll recycle you!\"""""
i'm currently discovering one of the <propmale> drawbacks of facial hair  sometimes you get a little hair that decides it's going to be a rebel and grow the wrong direction  not only does it look unsightly but it also tends to tickle your nose hair every time you wiggle your lips or nose  too bad nobody has really taught me any tricks to taming the wild 'stache yet since my bros are clean-shaven 
"i just came on facebook to say that i completely forgot what i was about to post here  i really need to go to bed \also, on an unrelated note, i'm uberically pissed off that i can't install ambitions because my video card sucks \and, yes, when you are awake for longer than 24 hours straight with out a nap you are legally allowed to invent words  <propfemale> palin must never sleep "
my computer is dead so now updating via psp will be back online when i can yeah i need this in my life right now
if u think u have to swear at your kids to get them to behave then u shouldnt be a parent 
especially if u are a man  no real man should swear at children or women 
great after trying aircan computer still fucked up now tech support wont answer phone what am i going to do without my drug fix tonight
i really hate being at the mercy of other people they inevitably let you down always
i fucking hate motherfucking football forever and ever amen
never be quick to punish others for their troubles are often punishment enough 
a real man never balks at a challenge and being in touch with his emotions and integrity is the ultimate challenge 
anyone can cry  it takes a real man to cry even when he knows others are judging him 
feeling anger doesn't automatically mean feeling hatred towards someone but that's the biggest mistake we all make in our society 
no one should ever seek power over others for the simple sake of having power  that's the surest sign of weakness 
life isn't about seeing who can die with the most toys or who had the most power  it's about helping others and doing the best we can while we're here  that is the meaning of life 
