cdd4bba767259fbbc5cad41bdec5feb4
hates people calling the home phone!
shaved 
<propfemale> trek is legit 
xbox com and the xbox live® service are currently down for maintenance  i'm having xbox live withdrawal!
who was it? we will hunt you down 
vball at 7thirty
gonna miss my favs 
schlitterbahn tomorrow!  smile 
home  hungry
lifetime at 6 surprise 0 workout swim then chill?
watching top gear!!!  smile 
4 more days  smile   smile 
ufc 101 at farris and reneen's!!
soccer scrimmage!
life map!  congrats <propfirst> martín <propmale> potro!!
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!  smile 
cooking with shaadi abughazaleh! wooo  smile 
"http annoyed  sports yahoo com nba blog ball_dont_lie post video-j-r-smith-is-a-little-confused?urn=nba,212688 haaaaaaaaa"
needs to find his celebrity look-alike
12 hours of sebring today!!
the old man and the sea 
watching fight science
strikeforce > ufc
"iron man 2 was entertaining, but it lacked something  "
lifetime 
angola vs  mexico
storm a 'comin   lifetime 
24 hours of nurburgring 
early morning workout then church 
hopefully that was the last chunk of studying i will have to do for algebra!
"yeah i pretty much just got top 1% in the entire world on my nurburgring lap in forza 3, no big deal  wink "
dulles graduation 
another great workout  barbeque tonight!
2010 fifa world cup!
let's go usa!
let's go germany!!!
let's go <propmale>! usa!!!
wow! this game is intense!
cote d'ivoire!
soccer!
let's go usa!
let's go usa! that's what i'm talking about!
"the dream is real, don't tread on this;\\nwe live the dream, don't tread on this   usa!"
"beautifu goal, spain!"
"time to play hard, usa let's get that w!"
"great effort usa, proud you made it to this point "
deutschland!
top gear!!!
go netherlands!
most intense last 2 minutes of a game i have ever seen!
germany 
"3 penalties in 90 seconds, this is crazy!"
watching people attempt to cross the flooded bridge at oyster creek park!
heading to <propfirst> with the brothers!
at the ut library!
ut emergency drill siren test  legit
let's go germany!
germany!
netherlands!
soccer!
working out
i love shaadi  love 
mls all stars game!!
schlitterbahn with the group 
l o l with the guys!
going to south padre island!
somebody should have hit the snooze button on the fire alarm   
running!
happy birthday <propfirst>!
nice weather for some soccer!
ufc 118!
psalm 139 
just finished total conditioning with @<propfirst> alkhoury
god is great!  smile 
bus ride + just a dream = bearable 
never thought i would have to drive 50 <propmale> an hour under the speed limit  crazy rain   
feels good to get out of my 87 degree class  this is the 7th out of 25 days of school with electricity problems  this district needs to get its act together!
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes and making this a great day for me!
amazing weekend  thank you all for making it happen!
i want inversion goggles 
carving pumpkins!  love 
atx bound!
yes! power is back!
<propfemale> birkelbach is probly the coolest person iv ever met!
go longhorns!
atx bound 
wish i had a chair from the pcl to study with!
"2 <propfirst> 1:7\\for god has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline "
would like to wish my brother shaadi abughazaleh a wonderful birthday!
\commit to the lord whatever you do," and your plans will succeed \""\"cdd4bba767259fbbc5cad41bdec5feb4,"whatever you do in word or deed,  do  all in the name of the lord jesus, giving thanks through him to god the father  http annoyed  bible us col3 17 nasb"
<propfirst>'s testosterone-filled <propfirst> swift songs are really pumping me up for this game  lol
i just got defeated by mother nature  walking to the bus stop didn't quite work out as planned 
"and not only this, but we also exult in our tribulations, knowing that tribulation brings about perseverance;  and perseverance, proven character; and proven character, hope; http annoyed  bible us rom5 3 nasb"
the start of something great  won in shootouts!
movie night with shukri!
working out!
it's in god's hands now 
"and even when i’m caught in the middle of the storms of this life \i won’t turn back \i know you are near"
bittersweet 
4 more days 
