ee5019ea31614a2e20fc4a7d26891e49
going to the docs to check on amniotic fluid 
woo! out of the hospital  gonna go eat  laugh  
strawberry mini wheats are so friggin good 
woo  gotta get ready for baby shower laterr  laugh  
i'm so disappointed 
gonna go see avatar the special edition in 3d!!!  laugh 
i want a baby boxer   ='(
cant sleeeep   sad 
went to the er today for some random attack of hives o__o   i'm suddenly allergic to something 
ah  my baby girl is a week old!
ah my babys belly button fell off yesterday   she is getting so big!  sad  
i smell chicken wings   
ah so pathetic 
case 39 sucked 
this hcg diet is the shit  =o 
"woo just had someone come to the house take pics of corabella, i swear she could be the next gerber baby lmao"
anyone wanna study anatomy with me? o____o
haha who wants to get my lil sister into paranormal activity 2?
that thing they stick in the outer space   
people are such full of bullshit 
yay just finished my pathology final at home  laugh  
damn the person who ruined my cell number 
yay vegas vegas vegas vegas   laugh  cant wait!
thank you!  laugh  and happy thanksgiving to you all!
yay 21!!!
ayeeee  my rhomboids and trapezius  need to go to doctorrr 
woooo! off to vegas!  laugh 
"ah before i go though yesterday was a crappy day, some bitch runs into my kid at the mall, then i lock the keys in my truck then i forgot my wallet "
blaaaahhhh! splat 
why is everybody a cartoon now?
i reallllyyy need to study for finals next week   sad 
i love my baby she is so cute 
i wish i was faster at typing it took me hours to type up my shiatsu protocol  sad 
i love christmas!!
wooo! school from 9am to 11pm is awesome  man do i sure love it haha 
mmmmm  chedder cheese pringles
omg  i made the worst burritos tonight  haha
"ahh  my truck got a flat tire at school yesterday, thank you <propmale> for fixing it  smile ) "
i had to massage the smelliest person tonight  she smelt worse than the huge holes in my ears 
i straight up lost my phone today     sad  <propfemale> depressing 
my phone is in 5 different pieces    sad    
i wanna see a movie   
i wish i was good at drawing   this vision poster would be alot easier   and if my crayons worked   
i need a phone
yay i got a phone
ohhh i wanna see red riding hood
corabella just ate her first real baby food  carrots!  laugh 
i need to stop butt dialing people
wooo! graduation tonight!!  laugh 
umaboob!
piece of shit 
what a crazy night last night 
wooo graduation partyy  hahaha
i can not sleep
today is tuesday the day that comes after monday  =k
"march 30 2011, there are 31 days in march  you sure helped alot this month not "
\i'll be lounging on the couch, jus' chillin in my snuggie\ee5019ea31614a2e20fc4a7d26891e49,t sh               m
<propfemale> effin bored!!
lmfao  i love when random creepy people ask to be your friend  denied  hahahaha
