d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166
i finally have something to share!  saw a bald eagle this morning outside the office! pretty rockin'   the fed-ex guy thought the eagle was migrating   guess it makes having to work on <propmale> day worth it after all 
oh hell-did i just write on my own wall instead?  i hate technology!
"by the way, just a general heads up-as far as computers go, i am functionally illiterate (at best); so you all may be getting some weird postings from me while i mouse and click   and goddess knows what else  i'm not drunk-i promise! just stupid! (maybe i should've let everyon think i was drunk instead!)"
no wildlife to report this morning  the critters are all too smart  it's cold and rainy and they all stayed in bed (unlike us human knuckleheads who went out to work today in this mess) 
mmmmmm! falafel sandwich for lunch! will be ready in 15 mins 
"back from ikea in woodbridge (va), 2 hrs up and 2 hrs back  and i still haven't decided on a sofa  but i think i'm gonna score some cool bookcases, solid spruce  suh-weeeeeeet!"
"saw a sharp-shinned hawk this am (pretty little guy)  wonder if they'll be nesting behing the house this year, like they did in 2007  if they do, it'll make for a noisy winter, 'cause 3 years ago they had sex like 6 times before noon  and loud! i love nature and all, but take it back to the nest!"
"desk is a mess!!! and the more i do, the more paper piles up on it! don't know if i need a nap, several shots of vodka or a leaf blower "
"taking <propfirst>'s reminder to heart  but in my own defense, snarking is much funnier "
thinks people who complain about how terrible charlottesville traffic is are too cute  (they're just too precious for words!)
"feels like an absolute heel for some of her wise-a$$ remarks and is sending herself to bed without any supper (except maybe a bowl of cereal) and won't \facebook\"" again 'til she gets some rest and can practice some tact  or until <propfemale> scores me an invite to <propfirst>'s halloween party sat  nite """
"mmmmmm! cuppy-cakes from capellino's last night! (my mom loves me!) ate the chocolate one with the pink icing and the dis-embodied tongue last night  saving the vanilla with chocolate icing and fangs and the red-velvet with white icing, bleeding heart and blood spatters for tonght! i love halloween  it's so delightfully obnoxious  it just makes me giggle with evil glee "
found the perfect buddha yesterday; fat and laughing and big-bellied (perfect for rubbing) and reclining on a pile of money  laughing buddhas rock! you just can't be sad or cynical around them  they're too giggley  same with sheilagh na gigs (looking to hunt one of them down next!) 
"i think i've settled on a sofa, karlstad 3+2 sectional  but do i get the krondal green or the krondal brown? @tee and <propfemale>- want anything from ikea? your stuff can hitch a ride with mine in the truck i'll have to rent "
"the northern harriers (hawks) were out in full force yesterday  even dreamt about on last night, flying low overhead "
"is very annoyed that she can't (literally) give her futon away  salvation army won't take it because it has animal dander  dude-it's cat fur, not smallpox  (i understand allergies and all, but jeez!) if i had a basement or a covered porch, i'd keep it, but i don't  have we really become this prissy as a nation?"
"sorry i was having a bit of a tantrum over the futon donation thing  been a bit over-worked and over-tired and really want to make my home a pleasant little haven, rather than the yard sale reject room it looks like  sorry for being a cranky-pants and spreading the negativity  mea culpa "
"saw a seagull on route 15 in fluvanna (very rare to see seagulls around here, think i've only seen 4 in the past 5 years)  poor guy, he was probably lost "
has (tenatively) unloaded her futon! three cheers and a bottle of <propfemale> for freecycle! (found a taker after posting said futon for 8 mintues!)
is now boxing books and vacuuming getting ready for her furniture delivery saturday!!!! (i'll start right after i finish this bottle of beer   )
"am i really at work   again?! maybe it's time to fill the water cooler with vodka, then i either won't know or won't care where i am   (and neither will anyone else)"
"roses on 3rd street ne in downtown ch'ville still blooming, all buttery yellow and creamy, like the icing roses on a birthday cake  wanted to scoop one up on my finger and taste the confectioner's sugar melt on my tongue like i was 7 again   "
"feels rather awful  chills with sharp stomach pains all day  hoping some chix noodle soup will fortify me enough to make it through the work day  (cannot call out sick, especially tomorrow-way too busy   )"
still waiting for the girl to pick up the futon! going   going   gone baby! it's going to the next freecycler (got 8 offers)  like i said in that pic with <propfirst>'s car-don't piss off the <propfemale> chick 
"friday! it's friday!!!! found another taker for the futon, and she has already set a time in an email sent at 8:45 this morning! that's more like it! by 7pm tonight, futon will be gone! good-bye futon, you were a good compatriot  best of luck in your new life   "
"futon is gone!!!! enjoy your new life at the judo dojo, futon   namaste   "
is disturbed that my cats eat better than large swaths of humanity in the world  darfur refugees would weep to see a can of tuna so casually given  but what to do about rectifiying that situation? (i don't think the answer is to not feed the cats   )
has new furniture!!!!!! (now to put it all together   )
"if the food network is my porn, then book tv on cspan-2 is my wwf wrestling   and i want <propmale> nader's new novel \only the super <propmale> can save us\"" where <propmale> people actually make themselves useful! (i've always enjoyed a good fantasy novel; oh <propmale>-you cock-eyed optimist   )"""
"as of yesterday afternoon, i have a wall of bookcases  that's right, over 10 feet of bookcases, 6 1 2 feet tall  i have so many bookcases that i actually don't have them filled! (nearly filled, but not quite ) my house looks like a bookstore! jealous? well you should be! damn, i love those crazy, clever swedes at ikea!"
"turkey brine is cooked and cooled  will brine bird tonight, chop onions, clean portobella shrooms, freeze bacon (for easier dicing tomorrow am), soften my butter and get stuffing ingredients all together for thurs morning  then will hide in the house for the enitre weekend, especially in light of black friday and the uva va tech game saturday (@uva)  happy thanksgiving! love to all! eat well and nap well!"
so over the weekend my mother tells me she thinks i ought to run for congress  me! politics! i keep trying to figure out when exactly she stopped loving me   (note to self: get the v-chip and block cspan; obviously it's having a bad influence on mom   )
"reading the second sex by <propfemale> de beauvoir  the more things change, the more they stay the same (damn it all!) "
"13 abandoned cars on my street  just an fyi for y'all-if you're driving up a slippery, snow-covered hill, don't stop!!! and don't go less than 15 mph  if you're going to drive uphill people, you have to commit! and then just do it, damn the torpedoes, full steam ahead! (and i grew up in nj people, that flattest place on earth!)"
"<propfirst> stewart-you rock my world  if you weren't already married to an <propfemale> catholic girl, i'd propose "
pants   too   tight   must   button   pants   can't   sit   down   (why can't white russians and mozzarella sticks and christmas sugar cookies all be health foods and celery sticks and v8 juice cause cancer?)
"okay, seriously, the holidays have been hell on my waistline  must start working out  but on the bright side, i've got the best breasts i've ever had  spanakopita-bad for the belly, great for the cleavage  who needs implants when there's cookies and other delectables to be had?"
"just a shout out to all of you: happy new year! personally, i'm glad to see 2010 go! hope 2011 treats all of us better! heartfelt wishes for healing and peace and joy to everyone  and thanks for being my friend, either here on facebook and or \in real life \"" (and thanks for overlooking my typos! i really appreciate that!)"""
"i came on fb this morning to click the link about the whole global meditation thing for 1-1-11 @ 11:11, to set intentions for the world in the new year  and now i can't find the event icon the click that i'm attending  oh well  will be trying to dream a new dream anyway  btw- you all only have 8 minutes to get your sh*t together and participate  xoxo "
"philadelphia mummers' parade found online  happy new year mom! sorry it's not a continual live stream  after all, it is being broadcast on channel 17  what can you e playful ect from an old uhf network?"
"starting the \faux\"" hollandaise  eggs <propmale> on toasted croissants with prosciutto instead of canadian bacon  washed down with more asti spumanti  i love food """
"more christmas cookies brought to the office, courtesy of <propfemale>, who is virtuously on a diet and eating navel oranges, while making the rest of us chubby  my pants will never fit right again  damn you <propfemale>-lou-hoo, with your chocolate dipped orange confections! and why do they always put the goodies nest to my desk?"
"the muse has tenatively alit  had very nearly given up on writing, but maybe, maybe \invoking the rose\"" will get written before i die! (research and world creation are a bitch! i'd say \""bitches\"" but that sounds weird )"""
"is having a bloody rotten monday! dumpster diving in the shredding bin in the unheated basement for unproofed files, covered in drywall dust  some days there just isn't enough bourbon and prozac in the world   "
thanx to <propfemale> ehrenreich yesterday for a sorely needed laugh! who knew cleaning the bathrooms of <propmale> people could be so funny?
"saw a personalized license plate today, ib4skns   i can't even begin to imagine what it means  i'd say the driver was part of the anti-circumcision movement, but it was a woman driving  any thoughts?"
"is deep in the dumps  not off on monday, mlk day  banks closed (no closings), courts closed (no recordings), and will have nothing to do at work but watch my life pass me by   sad "
"is singin' \the wage slave blues \"""""
"so, i'm hanging out on the sba website, reading, letting the wheels in my brain spin  but here's my question: are they trying to scare the hell out of people? or am i just too sensitive? (collateral, debt to equity ratio, 50% failure rate   aaaaaaacccckkk!)"
"wishes they would call the \speed humps\"" on angus road \""speed bumps\"" instead  the former term always leaves me disappointed afterwards  and never calls me the next morning """
"so i work up the nerve to check my credit score  i go to freecreditreport com, and guess what? not really free at all! sure you get a free credit report-with a paid subcription to their service! bastards!"
"has yet again shoveled out her 3rd car (my car, mom's car and then the company car; just like last week), and has decided it's about 1 and 1 2 car too many  this keeps up and i'm getting a flame-thrower and melting the snow off, rambo style "
"at the risk of sounding self-congratulatory, i have fulfilled my personal valnetines' day tradition  the only reason i'm broadcasting it is because i had this crazy idea of perhaps starting a movement  do you really need another stuffed animal made in <propfemale>? or roses that die? share the love! (and i didn't even need a condom!) ps-chocolate is alway welcome!"
"has been thrown over by her best friend for yoga!!! yeah-i'm talking to you teriann! we were changing the world (or at least network tv)and then she had to do yoga! (actually, i understand, but now i'm all fired up and trapped at work!)"
"is soooooooooooooooooo tired of tiger woods  never cared in the first place, and now, hate the guy, because no one will shut-up about him  he's supposedly giving a staement today  don't care!!! if he cures cancer or balances the national budget-then call me, but otherwise, shut the f up!!! i have real problems to think about!"
has been looking at real estate in belize   again  maybe i should just become an rn and run off to central <propfemale>  anyone want to tag along?
just signed a petition calling for <propmale> <propfirst>'s resignation (he's the <propfemale> legistlator who said disabled children are nature's punishment for abortion)  so am calling all friends in <propfemale> to sign (i'm lookin' at you tee! and get that husband of yours to sign too!)
"has contacted a realtor  yes, i'm thinking of buying a house, you know, like a grown-up  and i'm terrified! c'mon  3689 presidents road! be mine! i can afford you! (is it a sin to pray that someone's contract falls through? it can't be good <propfemale>   )"
is annouyed that book tv on c-span 2 has been pre-empted for college basketball  really wanted to see <propfirst> hitchens talk about the relevance of orwell today  how many sports channels do you sports fans need? come on! there's got to be at least 22 espn's at this point! give the book geeks a break already!
"so, who wants to go see houses with me this weekend? i officially have a realtor  now i need a <propfemale> officer   "
"there's an ad for the soon-to-be-released film the bounty <propmale> on my news feed fb <propfemale>  oh to be hand-cuffed by <propmale> butler   a pretty thought for \hump day\""   maybe i'll make it through the week after all   """
"meeting with <propfemale> officer was disconcertingly short  turns out my problem may be that i don't have any debt, which in our through-the-looking-glass world is now a bad thing  to hell with it! if it's meant to be, then it'll happen  although casting a spell or 2 couldn't hurt (\an' it harm none   \"")"""
"three <propfirst>, the sweetest <propfirst> alive (at least today): 6-8-7  for most people, nothing to write home about, but for me, much, much better than e playful ected  and it's a friday! all the more reason to get loaded on that bottle of wine i picked up at <propfirst>'s club last night for $5 98! slainte!"
"is learning to live with the questions, and without the answers   does anyone have any valium? xanex? gin?"
"3 reasons why today is a good day: mars goes direct today, my friends crocus, forsythia and snow drops are back, and my pants are looser "
"want to buy a house  even found a house i can afford, including a mortgage i can afford and am likely to be approved for (an fha <propfemale> no less) and no one can figure out whether the house i want is for sale or not!!! this is worse than the futon fiasco "
"spoke to the trustee yesterday at 4pm  the house i'm interested is still for sale  goes on the auction block 3 22 10 at noon  dare i bid? (don't worry, i can do a chain of title on the sly and check for liens against the property ) opportunity of a lifetime? or recipe for disaster? hmmmmmmmm   "
is meeting her realtor at 4 smile 0  and now i'm scared to death! (ain't it always the way?)
"there's a buddha in the front yard! (there's also a broken window, but i choose to emphasize the positive ) want, want, want!!!"
"2 loaves of soda bread out of the oven and cooling  then all i'll need is a sprinkle of powdered sugar and butter, washed down with some <propfemale>'s on the rocks  <propfirst> go bragh my friends, if for no other reason than this!"
"ok-wtf? trustee says the house is for sale  the listing agent (who refuses to call my agent back) says the house is under contract  house goes on auction block monday  yes, i know, 1 hand truly may not know what the other is doing, but get the feeling i'm being scammed by this nva listing agent   "
note to self: green and white <propfemale> lei and green plastic beer goggles should not be used together  we don't want a repeat of last year   
"thanks to meadowlark song and <propfirst> meres for this! tried to send an invite to everyone to join  don't think it went through, so if you get a second invite, it was my mistake "
"you just can't beat charlottesville in the springtime (insert you favorite \the producers\"" joke here) """
"the trees are already leafing out, glowing <propfemale> green in the overcast light  it's about time! i love spring "
"via meadowlark song, via <propfemale> <propmale> falkenstein --for all those men who say \why marry the cow when you can get the milk for free?\"" here's an update for you! nowadays 80% of women are against marriage  why? because women realize it's not worth buying an entire pig just for a little sausage!"""
"just a general fyi, but particularly to the guys: if you're going to send a fb friend request, especially to a woman, don't just friend request; send a message e playful laining where you saw said person's comments or something  i keep getting friend requests from young arabic and eastern indian men with very odd names who i plain old just don't know! this is worse than going grocery shopping in my 20's wearing eye-shadow "
to all of you via rumi: rumi <propmale> dostalar?m? ne kalbimle ne de akl?mla severim    i love my friends neither with my hearth nor with my mind   olur ya        just in case      kalp durur      hearth might stop     ak?l unutur      mind can forget     <propmale> dostlar?m? ruhumla severim   i love them with my soul   o ne durur ne unutur   s   oul never stops or forget  - mevlana celaleddin rumisee more
"well   have e playful erienced my first really mean-spirited facebook attack  i won't lie, it rattled me a bit  hope i defended myself well  boy, ya ask a guy who's against a \living wage\"" if that means he's for a \""dying wage\"" and all hell breaks loose  jeez   """
"am wondering if i'm really cut out to speak my mind  i really try to be scrupulously fair (and calm) when disagreeing with people, but they all seem to start attacking me and calling me names (\communist\"" seems to be a favorite)  i quote the bible and i'm told i'm quoting <propfemale>  i really am being polite when engaging in this discourse   really! it's all very confusing """
"speaking of entrenched beliefs, i found this quote: the most difficult subjects can be e playful lained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing cannot be made clear to the most intellignet man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already, without a shadow of a doubt, what is laid before him -leo tolstoy (but then i am a communist!)"
heartfelt thanks to everyone who has helped shore up and soothe my battered nerves this past weekend after entering the fray  i'm grateful to each and every one of you  xoxo
"a very heartbreaking post on the iasp wall (international association for suicide prevention)  her name is <propfemale>, she lives in tennessee and she is on the brink  for all of you who practice any sort of spirituality, i would as you send her love, light, thoughts and prayers, whatever, however you practice  i don't like asking favors, but i can't let this go and do nothing if such things actually help  thank-you "
"so, just heard via <propfemale> <propmale>, via the daily show, that \progressive\"" is the new word for \""communist \"" hmmm   so does that make \""tea partier\"" the new word for \""idiot\""?"""
oh! just heard my first tree frog! i love those little boogers!
"okay, enough reality  enough with the subprime mortgage meltdown, enough with the delusional positive thinkers, let's get into something really interesting  the secret history of the mongol queens: how the daughters of genghis kahn rescued his empire  now you're talkin'! who's with me?"
"boneless barbeque spare ribs par-boiling, homemade sauce simmering, shower, a load of laundry then heat up the fried apples, dish out the potato salad and crack open a blue <propfemale>  still wish it wasn't sunday and that i didn't have to work tomorrow  there's got to be a better way to make a livin' "
"so, am off the walk monticello mountain; 2 <propmale> up and 2 <propmale> down with a panoramic view of charlottesville  after all, if i'm going to be attracting 31 year old guys, i'd better get my butt is shape (figuratively and literally) "
"heartfelt thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday yesterday! as of 9 surprise 4 pm last night i was officially 39, or as i like to think of it, 29 with 10 years e playful erience  many of you are new friends, several are cousins spread out around the country, some of you i've just reconnected with, and the rest have been deeply woven into my life for the past 10+ years  i'm feelin' the love and am grateful to you all  xoxo!"
3-2-1 and hooray!!! 12:45 pm and the week is offically half over!!! (but who's counting?)  i need a nap 
"a true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy, your car makes funny noises, if you only have $5 00 in the bank this week, or that your family is not perfect  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are blessed with at least one true friend!"
"is wondering - does anyone in charlottesville think they'll be thirsty around 5:15 tonight? (i'm lookin' at you <propfemale>; offensive greeting card not required, but always welcome )"
"okay- so here's the plan: color hair, pick out clothes for may day beltaine, give self a pedicure ('cause i'm not jumping a cauldron fire without my toenails painted; it annoys the sidhe faerie), polish silver bracelets, buy coffee and <propfemale> red port for <propfemale>, gather crystals and witchy goodies, hmmmm   what else? oh yeah! clean out cauldron!!! )o("
"trying to catch up to teriann on my good reads app  she's got 512 books! i only have like 34  no, no, no!!! gotta beef up my bookshelves!"
"ya know what? i'm in the mood to go to a phillies game  it's been forever  i miss the business person's specials that started at like 1 smile 0  even with the exhorbitantly priced, watered down beer and mushy hot dogs  (i used to sneak hoagies in   mmmmm, hoagies   )"
"here's an interesting observation: yesterday i posted i was participating in \boobquake\"" and got 4 comments; later in the day i mentioned wanting to go to a phillies game and got 11 comments  i'm a perfectly respectable c-cup  what gives? triumph of femininsm?"""
"wonders if solitude, silence and fiction live 45 mintues away in a 2 bedroom condo in orange  and why the hell does the commute have to be such a bitch?"
"goddess bless <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> gilman  she died 3 17 2009 and left a building lot to habitat for humanity in her will  the house is built and someone is buying it  rock on <propfirst>, rock on "
"via meadowlark song laugh epression is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer it some point in our lives  getting help -it's good for you!"
"thanks to la (<propfemale>), tee, <propfemale> and <propfemale> (<propfirst> <propfemale>) for the gorgeous card and goodies! love to you all! )o("
"how is it that i can get an appointment at the vet for the cat the same day, and she doesn't have health insurance (you know, 'cause she's a cat), but i can't get myself an appointment to see the doctor for 4 weeks and i am insured? should i just start seeing the vet instead?"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear  \\while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  \\while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  \\while you make your woman cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  \\post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence!"
"hmmmm   to run tonight or not to run tonight? it's raining, but only lightly  but there was thunder  but then, i did buy that new knee brace i'd like to try out  but a nap would be lovely  hmmmm   "
is getting thinner (if not lighter)  my knees aren't too happy though   
yummmmm   beer   i love beer  blue <propfemale> is the best 
<propfirst>! <propfirst>! where are you? great accessor of the realty company lock boxes? i've been checking my email every 10 minutes!
what a day  what a bloody day  i'm going home to drink beer  wonder if i should pick up five guys on the way home   
is wondering - is spiral song my fate?
4:20 pm - still haven't had time to eat lunch (though i did snarf down 3 root beer flavored dum-dum lollipops at the bank)  guess i'll wait the 40 minutes and eat dinner   i hate busy days 
"interesting morning  saw a red-tailed hawk overhead while driving to stanardsville  wish my \honest t\"" tasted better  why can't whole foods <propfemale> snapple? a little deception might taste better right now """
quiet day at the office  phones quiet - no recordings or closings  just title committments to type  it's actually kind of pleasant   annoyed 
"okay - so, turns out i just accidentally encouraged one cousin to flirt with another cousin this morning on facebook  although, he does look like <propmale> gyllenhall  does anyone have jumper cables, because apparently my brain's battery is dead "
"has inadvertently made a new friend  she's about 6 -8 months old, all black, with a pink camouflage patterened collar and follows me everywhere  she's just a baby!!! (think my landlord will mind?) think i'll call her nuit, after the egyptian goddess of the night sky   (baby clio is very put out, by the way   )"
"poor l'il nuit - left her at the sliding glass door this morning when i went to work  but was very firm with her: if she gets scared or someone comes by, she is to hide under the deck and be quiet until the coast is clear or i get home from work, which ever comes first  don't think she listened though  and she needs to stop hissing at baby clio, who i think finds it very rude "
"hurry up and wait, hurry up and wait  then drive like a bat out of hell all afternoon  let's just get going already!!!"
"on a serious note: have been living under a dark cloud of grief for nearly a year; grief for what's happened and sadness over what never came to be  and this weekend, the pall passed, the sun broke through  i may be sorrowing again before nightfall, but at last i've breathed in the warmth of living, and that'll last me a while "
four hours on the road and i end up back at the office  you'd figure that after 4 hours of driving i could've at least arrived somewhere good 
so yesterday my grandmother turned 87  no doubt she was at the casinos in atlantic city  hope that <propmale> with ears trump comp'ed her martinis  (it's the very least he could do )
"coming off of a thoroughly lovely weekend with tee and <propfemale> hope, which we spent quality time with a bottle of <propfemale> red port, norwegian heaven cake, a 17th century tibetan singing bowl (you rock <propfemale>!) and dinner at <propfemale> moore's pub  i wish tee could turn 50 every weekend! (and i wish <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> could've been there!)"
"is going to see the house tonight, as in the house  guess a pending short-sale under contract just isn't what it used to be  <propfirst> - you rock!!! (hope the buddha is still in the front yard )"
"is, depending upon the results of a home inspection, is going to make an offer on a house, on the house  (thanks grandpop ) and now the painful, pulling-teeth waiting game begins  in the meantime, i'll be going through a lot of 3 olives <propfemale> vodka, so you all may want to buy stock in that company "
"half of charlottesville seems to have no electricity; 60% of the traffic lights are out; all of the phone lines are down (except for the <propmale> people in <propfemale>), and i can't even pump gas, so i ask you this: what the hell am i doing at work? let's pack this sh*t up and go home already!!!"
"okay - so here's the status: i definitely, almost have a ratified contract to buy a house, sort of, maybe  but it's absolutely, possibly almost approved, and most assuredly, maybe going to happen  we think  kind of  and the home inspection is scheduled for july 7th "
"is thoroughly bummed  i missed a <propmale> to have a drink with the <propfemale>, <propfemale> and b-dog because i was too busy b-ing sick as a dog  miss you guys  believe me when i say i desperately wanted to be there   "
"ok-these people need to stop messing with me; i want to buy your house, not use your settlement company, alright? why, you ask? well first, your settlement co  is in rockville, <propfemale> and i'm in <propfemale>, second, i work for a settlement company, and third - it's illegal for you to require it in order to ratify a contract, you morons!!!"
is trawling the outer beaches realty website; should i try to go to the beach this year? probably not  but i love the beach  should i? shouldn't i? really probably shouldn't  i may have to buy appliances  anybody want to split the rent an obx beach-house in late august early september? eh - nevermind  the beaches will probably full of crude oil by then anyway   
funding authorization and a continuous marriage affidavit keep me from finishing my day  arrrrrgggg!!!
"so - it's done  i have exercised my right to terminate my purchase contract on the house i wanted so, sooooooooo badly  sometimes being jerked around just isn't worth it  (hope it rattles a cage or two, nonetheless )"
"well, in order to distract myself from my recent house-hunting disappointment, i've picked a fight with a local libertarian who's complaining about his taxes  all because my congressman is doing a bartending fundraiser in town tomorrow to raise money for the local sexual assault resource center  (i know-rep  perriello is obviously a real bastard and needs to be stopped  after all, everyone knows merlot is so passe )"
"was very disappointed to see that, on second glance, the new local radio station's call letters were w-v-t-f  i had hoped they were w-t-f and that they would be playing <propfirst> black monlogues "
"so, just baited a misogynist  two days ago baited a libertarian  who's next? 'cause i got the whole weekend ahead of me! (although, in my defense, the misogynist really had it coming )"
"virus ** esp for <propfirst> shields** ; )\spreading like wildfire on facebook!! it is a trojan worm called \knob \",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,"just an interesting observation: when i was younger, everyone was freaked out that might i get pregnant and have a kid; now that i'm 39 everyone is freaked out that i've never gotten pregnant and don't have a kid  my question therefore is: wtf?"
wonder twerp (otherwise known as nuit) is at the vet to get spayed  wonder if she'll calm down once all those hormones work their way out of her system  (hope and delusions always spring eternal )
quarter to 5(pm) on friday and i can't get near the copy machine 
"is it me, or does dr  pepper taste like it ought to have cocaine in it?"
"so many birthdays today! <propfemale>, <propfirst> and last (but not least) mom! i have to say though - i'm really quite exhausted after my <propfirst>tology opus "
"so my office is down the street from the local planned parenthood  as i drove past today, there were two 30ish men standing outside of it, one holding a sign saying \pray to end abortion\"" the other holding a sign saying \""babies are a blessing \"" i was so annoyed on so many fronts (see below)"""
is tired 
"wants to get home and eat brownies with a big glass of milk   ideally in my jompies, lolling on my new 450 thread-count sheets (thanks <propfirst>'s club!)"
"and 3-2-1, there it is! the half-way point of the week! it's half over people! congratulations! you've all been humped "
"ah, the upside of working in real estate  learned today that the house i had wanted to buy cannot be sold  why? because one of the owners is in bankruptcy, and the case has neither been terminated nor dismissed (nor has a homestead deed been recorded)  but here's a head scratcher - why didn't the sellers' agent know that? (i really hate people   )"
is now completely bummed  the place i used to get my falafel sandwiched went out of business  and i was really jonesing for a falafel sandwich too  although on the bright side - whole foods had thai chicken with peanut sauce hoagies on sale for $5 
"rain!!! buckets and buckets of rain! falling out of the sky like   like rain!!! (and i\m not out in it! there's the real rarity )"""
big honkin' dragon fly hovering in the parking lot in front of the office  hi fella!
"4:43 pm - i imagine cousin <propfirst> is pacing himself with late afternoon beer before he gears up for the serious drinking after dinner  blood alcohol level:  295, possibly over  30  pace yourself <propfirst>  you've got a whole lifetime to drink  you don't want to blow out a lobe of your liver before you're 30 "
a banana and a brownie for breakfast  thanks <propfemale>! you're my new best friend!
white lotuses in bloom at the pond's edge on four seasons drive 
"2 excedrin migraine, and the headache has finally abated  don't mess with me migraine, i've got otc's "
is procrastinaing   (you have no idea how long i put off typing that   )
courtesy of the thread of aunts <propfemale> and patricia:  have you thanked your dna today?
"alright-here it is; there are people in this country who would burn me at the stake for my spiritual beliefs  there are people who blame me (and my ilk) for the destruction of the world trade center  therefore i refuse to condemn anyone else's religion, as well as where and how they worship  period - end of discussion  if i would have my own freedom, then i am obligated to <propmale> others theirs "
really wants and ice-cream sundae and a side of french fries   or possibly onion rings  and none of that dairy <propfemale> stuff either  full on diner friendly's richman's ice-cream sundae  wonder if timberlake's drug store downtown still makes them  (i hear they have amazing milkshakes )
"magaritas and ink with <propfemale>? or <propfemale> <propfemale> and pulled pork sandwiches at home? <propfemale>, <propfemale> - where are you?"
"seems trivial, but nonetheless, hope the car passes inspection today  (c'mon miss moonbeam! it's a silver car )"
"to everyone who switched up their facebook account settings because of my post - you're welcome! but i'm feeling a little guilty over all the approbation  i only passed the info on  your real facebbok privacy hero is <propfirst> ladue  props to you, <propfirst>!"
"so, turns out that on the daily show's e playful ose regarding the town of cape may lifting their ban on speedos, my aunt and her husband are among the freedom-loving speedo friendly  look for the couple on the park bench on the boardwalk!"
is multi-tasking  (just wanted to warn you all )
"for those of you wondering how the tour of the townhouse went last night, all i can say is that the wheezing has finally stopped  one word that those of you who have a house on the market right now might want to google: dehumidifier "
and the modem is finally up and running again 
"so, there was a house i wanted to buy  list price was $75k  i offered $80k  within a week of withdrawing my offer (for lots of reasons), the price was jacked up to $160k  it has been dropping $10k every 2 weeks since early july, and is now down to $100k  so, i ask you dear friends - w t f ? seriously "
"just a helpful hint to the <propfemale> <propmale> outpatient mammography center: you don't need to have the thermostat set that low  i realize having breasts is the number one risk for breast cancer, but making me freeze my t*ts off while i wait for an ultrasound machine to open up does not qualify as preventive care  (tmi? sorry )"
"in light of the actions of the dove world outreach center, i'm thinking of staging my own 9 11 protest demostration: burn a quran burner day  strictly byoecp - bring your own extremeist christian psycho  bic lighters will be provided at the event for a small fee "
"after a good, long brood, has decided to not let the perfect be the enemy of the good  (thanks teriann! needed the talking to last night!)"
"today, is world suicide prevention day  in support, please change your status to annoyed uicide is not about ending life  it is about ending pain  there is hope for healing  no one should be afraid or embarrassed to ask for help  let's start the conversation, raise awareness, reverse an attitude, save a life! www take5tosavel   ives org www att   itudesinreverse org\take 5 to save lives | world suicide prevention"
"is helping her fellow <propfirst>tologists valndalize our leader's facebook wall  oh <propfirst> - you'll never learn  (i'm going to have to say a lot of \hail <propfirst>\""s for this )"""
"alright, it's 2 smile 0  time to start to get the corned beef in the pot "
t-minus 50 minutes and counting until corned beef and colcannon   (see you in an hour <propfemale> )
stop calling!!!!!! no one wants to talk to you!!!!!!!! and noooooooo i can't help you!!!
2 (count 'em two) possible job interviews for mom? and i migth buy a house? is life finally turning around? next thing you know i'll wake up and be 20 pounds lighter and <propfirst> clooney will be leaving lovesick messages on my voicemail for me!
"the house (as in the house) was pulled from the market  why? no one knows  damn it, damn it, damn it!!!"
"so, the house is on the market, the house is off the market  the house was $75,000, the house was $160,000, then the house was listed $95,000  the house was put back on the market saturday  i signed a contract this afternoon  we'll see if it sticks "
"pop quiz, just to see if you all are paying attention annoyed \what do you want now?!\"" - who said it? \",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,feels pessimistic  flippin' real estate  and all the tarot readings in the world won't cheer me up 
"as she thinks about it, becomes concerned by some of the characters picking up their concealed weapons permits at the local circuit court clerk's offices   "
is waiting   again   
"i take it all back!!! i have a seemingly, mostly, pretty much ratified contract!!! on what house? the house, baby, the house!\\unless i just jinxed myself with this post "
holy sh*t   i think i'm buying a house 
"hi, red-tailed hawk! i'd be lazily riding the thermals too   though can't say west rio road would be my terrain of choice "
"thinks popcorn is the crack cocaine of snack foods  it's not that \you can't eat just one \"" it's that you can't eat just one handful  you eat it and eat it and eat it until it's gone """
"is bloody hell glad today is over  (i thought it would never end  cousin <propfemale>'s b-day excepted, of course )"
"well, if there is a litmus test for how public civil discourse has deteriorated in the past few years, i think it must be this: in <propfirst> <propmale>'s interview, <propmale> o'reilly came across as reasonable, mostly sane, and dare i say it? almost pleasant  (almost ) that's how low present standards have fallen "
the <propfemale> across the street is just beginning to blush red   
"and the overbearing, self-important ass-hat has been pacified  thank goddess! can i go home now? (and no, i'm not talking about the boss )"
"and the question on everyone's mind in the office is: will we, or won't we get monday off for <propmale> day? the courts are closed; the banks are closed; and so we sit with our fingers crossed, too afraid to ask lest we jinx ourselves  (and do you know hard it is to type with crossed fingers?)"
"crazy, off-the-hook props to cousin <propfirst> for passing the louisiana state bar exam   probably the only bar in louisiana that he's ever passed, but i digress      wink "
"has, in spite of a sick little <propfemale> (who is feeling much better, by the way), made it to <propfemale>'s, and is briefly facebooking while tee gets changed and we go out for mexican food  margaritas anyone? and yes, i know, i should be practicing making manhattans  one thing at a time my friends   "
"back home from <propfemale>'s, and what, pray tell, did i bring with me? a digital camera that i can actually work!!! thanks tee  and thanks for having me  xoxo you're the best "
"realizes, \so this is what living in the weimar republic was like \"""""
"because halloween is around the corner!!! (and no, i didn't pull that pic off google; that cat is my pet   mid-yawn )"
"had a dream this morning, just before waking  i was at a local courthouse and was about to record the deed to my house  i kept showing the documents to the deputy clerk saying \see? these are my initials! this is my house! isn't it wonderful?\"" and you know what? it was wonderful!"""
okay - so drama for nothing  no need to cancel the contract over this initial lead paint disclosure screw up  whew 
today would be a perfect day to curl up in a sweater and sweatpants and watch the lord of the rings trilogy  and or nap  with a bowl of candybars  and another bowl of popcorn  i'm really ready to leave work 
"okay - so like a psycho-hose beast, i have already picked out the kithcen cabinets (ikea - i love you!) and countertops that i want to put in a house that i don't yet know that i will be allowed to buy  tomorrow's agenda? a kitchen floor that i don't know that i will ever lay, and i'm pretty sure i can't afford (the floor i mean, not the house )"
"thinks she might actually be breaking li'l nuit of biting  so long as i rub her <propfemale>, she licks more than bites  so, does this mean miracles really do happen? \(ps - don't'worry, <propfemale>, you'll always be mommy's little beastie )"
feels like a stapler  not even as glamourous as a hole punch  and fax machine? forget it  just another tool to be used 
"shrimp peeled and ready to go in the pan, as soon as my butter melts and i saute some garlic  basmati rice finished in 8 minutes  i love food (glorious food   )"
"is annoyed and hostile  was informed that i need to take my 8 remaining vacation days (out ot 10), not by 12 31 10, but by 12 15 10  that gives me 7-8 weeks for my offer on the house to be accepted by the lienholder, get a home inspection, close and move  thanks for putting on the extra pressure and for the fore-shortenend deadline  just what i needed "
"thinks people are entirely too emotionally invested in the idea that i am an idiot  yes, i have my ditzier, dumber moments, but really, no more so than anyone else "
"after getting in past mid-nite from <propfemale>'s dirty-30 bowling b-day bash, my mother shared with me her belief in the 9 11 conspiracy theory, as told to her by the new <propfirst> ventura show on tru-tv  apparently there was an e playful losive chemical in the paint at the wtc  uh-huh  instead of a v-chip, i think my tv needs a lop chip  so, mr dillmore, get on it!"
"drove 113 <propmale> this afternoon, and my sorry a$$ ends up back at the office  hell, i could've been half-way to somewhere good  > annoyed "
a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 1 year  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician vows to defend their country; a soldier actually keeps that promise  re-post if you support our troops 
"<propfemale> <propmale> hospital has decided that they will not hire, not just smokers, but anyone who uses any nicotine or tobacco product  and you will be subjected to a drug (piss) test  if nicotine is found in your sample, any job offer will be rescinded  you will be permitted to reapply 6 months later  is this really the biggest problem facing us as a nation? smokers? seriously?"
supposed to have my annual review today  wonder if anyone remembered?
"by the way - just an update: no, no one remembered that today was my 5th anniversary at my job  that's okay  can't say i'm thrilled about the last 5 years myself  i'll escape  oh yes, someday, i'll escape   (i'm even working on a plan )"
"so, surprise, surprise, haliburton is connected to the bp disaster  well, i guess they don't call mr  cheney \dick\"" for nothing   """
"thinks obama might have just landed 30 or so mintues ago \\and by the way - anyone going to the rally to restore sanity and or fear, if you want to meet up, send me your cell # in a message and we'll meet by a port-a-potty or funnel cake vendor  (the mikes may ignore this message, as i've already got their <propfirst>, so to speak) "
"well, the roads in c'vilel are shut down  the line to get in to see the prez is liter<propmale>ly a mile and a h<propmale>f long  so i am home, waiting for teriann et <propmale>, and making signs  once my camera battery charges, i'll post pics "
"well, all i have to say is that i'm very disappointed that my sign didn't make the cut for huffpo  422 pictures, several repeats, and none of them were of me  i prbably had 50 people take pics of me and my signs  i mean seriously, is there anyone out there that doesn't love a non-communist, radically sane, masturbating witch who votes? this just isn't the <propfemale> i remember as a child   "
"i rather get the feeling that people don't want what works, but they want what they want to work, to work  i sense that republicans want to take the country back to the 50's, and yet, the tax rate was much higher then, thus helping to contribute to the propserity of those times  but for all that republicans reminisce for that \simpler time\"" they won't endorse policy that could bring back that sort of income equality """
doesn't want to talk about it 
"rotten freakin' news! house pulled off the market  is my contract null and void? maybe, maybe not  who knows? of course, if it goes into foreclosure, that's not necessarily a bad thing  i've got the title search in, so i could bid on it without too much worry  oh well - belize, i may be seeing you sooner rather than later "
"okay - so let me just give you all an idea of my day  i'm now offically 9 days overdue for my annual review, the boss is nit-pciking at me, i'm snowed under with title committments, the house i put a contract on was pulled off the market, and it rained  all i need now is someone to punch me in the head and or pee on my leg and the day will be complete "
what's up with all the lady lops (little old persons) on the road today? is there a ladies' night early bird special happening somewhere in charlottesville? is the local senior center sponsoring free pedicures? is there a sale on applesauce and prune juice at kroger? what?
"so, house off the market, house back on the market  with a new listing agent  okay  but where does that leave me with my seller signed (but not lienholder signed) contract  and does this new agent even know i have a seller signed contract? and don't i qualify for a free prescription of valium by now? with a mojito chaser?"
"annual review finally received  12 days overdue, but over with  my desk is no longer the problem  i work hard enough  my output and productivity is fine  but i spend too much time online  well, if i'm working hard enough, and producing enough, what is the problem exactly? but i guess i need to knuckle under like a good little girl and appease the better paid powers that be   <*sigh*>"
lunch our has started  you've got 59 minutes left to facebook with and counting 
okay - littel girl found  so you can call off the 60 second search  (and thanks <propfirst> m  for giving me the skinny )
"don't usually cut and paste others' statuses, but this one is worth a look:  we\are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,"alright, 1 surprise 9 pm - bye "
so this is how you want it? fine  it's on m*ther-f*ckers  bring it 
"the house i want to buy now has two listing agents from two different realty companies  yeah  i hate northern <propfemale> and especially northern <propfemale> realtors, who as far as i can tell, are a bunch of crooked, mendacious greedy bastards who thought they could get <propmale> off of loudon county  (sorry b-dog, but your former neighbors suck )"
"okay - i'm annoyed  and i'm annoyed with all of you love-and-light pagans out there (you know,the feel-good annoying ones)  why is it that the poverty or unhappiness of fellow americans doesn't count with you people? why is it always a matter of one's \personal happiness\"" and \""choices\""? grow up  not everyone in this country gets to have choices  or are you just so affluent that the wolf has never been at your door?"""
"just an fyi - i did not just fall off of the turnip truck, at least not when it comes to real estate  so if you're gonna pull that sh*t, try harder chucklehead  capice? ya feelin' me?"
"updating my \goodreads\"" <propfemale>  damn i've got a lot of books  (not that you can really have too many )"""
sometimes i think the only reason i'm alive is to be disappointed 
and now facebook is effin' wi' me  goddamnit!
is test-driving some new makeup  foundation is pretty good - made all the way to lunch without being blindingly shiny; the waterproof eyeline i'm a bit less thrilled with  but the trip to ulta was absolutely worth it  thanks <propfemale>!
"okay, you know what? screw you facebook, s-c-r-e-w y-o-u  after the day i've had, and you're gonna start this sh*t with me now? keep it up, and someone's getting stabbed in the head "
"brine cooked and outside cooling  onions, carrots, chopped, bacon minced and ready to be fried tomorrow morning  turkey rinsed and waiting in the brine bucket  i need another beer "
"ha!!! turkey in oven! or rather, bacon stuffed with 13 pound turkey in oven  oh yeah, did i mention i wrap my turkey in bacon before i roast it? and with the bread filling, it's like a big, inside-out turkey club sandwich! with gravy! damn i love food "
"so, a very happy thanksgiving to you all! eat, drink, be <propfemale>, and for god's sake - nap!!! i'm heading off to my first nap now  (hey, i've been up since 4 smile 0)  but maybe i'll have some pie first (per <propfirst>'s suggestion )"
has found the philly thanksgiving day parade online! and is that <propfirst> champion? he's the perfect dish to go with my pecan pie for breakfast!
"turkey resting; gravy done; mashing and salting potatoes  oh, yeah, and starting on the first bottle of asti spumanti  and by 3 smile 0, i should be ready for my nap!"
"car maintnenace with mom - \mom: the temperture light and battery light keep blinking at me \me: that's not the temperture light, that's the coolant light  have you checked the coolant?\mom: i wouldn't know where the coolant is under the hood \me: it's the one that says \coolant \""\",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,last night's car maintenance lesson: finding the coolant reservoir and adding anti-freeze  this morning's lesson? jump starting a dead battery  tomorrow? rotating the tires? a radiator flush? changning the spark plugs? i shudder to think of the possibilities   
"so, have picked my person off the angel tree at the bank  'cause really, i don't need anything or want anything for the holidays (except a ratified contract on that house   well, and an extra large bottle of <propfemale>'s <propfemale> cream wouldn't go amiss)  \\but i'm actually excited about doing some christmas shopping  and she wants earrings! how perfect is that! i'll throw in a matching necklace too "
"scrooged! my favorite christmas movie  \\\towel  towel  towel   most of these are towels \""\",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,"ah, classic, black leather motorcycle jacket from 1992; you who i put on layaway when <propmale>'s was having a sale, i missed you  thank-you for your badass-ness today  it was greatly appreciated  i think i'll go home and listen to <propfemale> jam's \ten\"" after work """
"during cocktails, has learned the difference between jersey girls and philly girls  apparently it's a matter of lingual agilty and the willingness to take said agility \downtown \"" well - i guess <propmale> springsteen didn't write that song - and they don't call him the boss - for nothin' """
"note to self: drinking for 3 hours on a weeknight is baaaaaaaaddd!!! although, i can't be held solely responsible  i was wearing \the jacket \"" its badass-ness made me lose my head (which has finally stopped hurting) """
"run in to food lion for cat food; come out of food lion to - snow?! ex-freakin'-scuuuuuse me?! (i told teriann to keep that sh*t to herself, 'cause i got enough problems )"
re-posting because it's true:  homeless go without eating  elderly go without medicine  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!!! yet we give millions of $$$ in taxbreaks to the wealthiest 1% of americans--those who need it least!   will you re-post this message?
is really tired of living her life trying to decide in which foot to shoot herself 
"i need to remember this annoyed \neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds \\- buddha"
"shrimp peeled  rice nearly done that's right, we're having a sort of improvised scampi with rice  yum!!! perfect for a cold night "
"angel tree girl bought for  one red sweater, size large (but afraid it may not be big enough); one christmas dvd (live action \grinch\"")  and i'm a dollar under budget  all i need now are earrings (free) and a tree ornament (2 for $5 at world market) """
"and a belated shout out to the moon: beautiful peach <propfemale>'s bow in the southwest sky last night about 6pm  i've paused to soak it in if i hadn't been barreling down the 250 29 by-pass at 60, er i mean, 55 mph "
"really thinks <propmale> mays should have a new years <propfemale> party  i think everyone should repost this as their status : playful eer pressure: annoyed \{because i sometimes cave to peer pressure}"
thanks to cousin <propfemale> for posting her pics of the wanamaker christmas water and light show  it made me all nostalgic  xoxo to <propfirst> 
"is straightening up her desk, because she knows damn well that whenever she takes time off, someone's gonna be sitting at it, and she's going to get scolded like an errant schoolgirl once she comes back to work  goddamnit  > annoyed "
"it \isn't politically correct  it's correct correct \"" \",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,"you know, what i want most for christmas yule is a lender-ratified contract for that house (of course)  and if i do get that house, a dishwasher  but i'm thinking that a pair of purple doc martens wouldn't go amiss  yeah, i may be a little too old for them  but i'm also a little too old to really give a sh*t about being a little too old "
"is having an anxiety attack  if i can just keep from climbing up the walls via my fingernails, i'll be fine "
extreme makeover: desk edition continues   
"so, got a call from my realtor this afternoon  the sellers' agent e playful ects an answer about my offer on the house by january 9th  fingers crossed "
"so here's my day in weirdness, in chronological order: driving to <propfemale>, i saw a cow and a bull having sex and almost got hit in the kroger parking lot by a girl talking on her cell phone while backing out of a parking space  (i was not in a car, but on foot ) i'm not even getting into the very slow old man on earlysville road  and i haven't even eaten lunch yet "
"weird day - part ii: mom slammed the screen door  it got jammed and she was trapped in the house, until 2 of our neighbors armed with screwdrivers pried it open and rescued her  oh, and it's going to snow tomorrow \\somebody save me "
"just an fyi to my neighbors who were born and raised in virginia: yes, i am from new jersey, but no, i do not have magical powers that enable my to drive in the snow  see, where i'm from they have these miracle machines called snow plows, and they know how to use them  thus my people are able to drive when there is 4 inches of snow on the ground  y'all might want to look into buying a few "
"and to repeat (because it bears repeating, apparently) when driving up a hill on a snowy road - don't stop! don't freakin' stop!!! because now my car is trapped halfway down the road because i needed all the momentum you in your m*therf*cking suv denied me  why?!!! because you had to chat to the other stranded motorists  i hate you! and curses upon your unborn children!!! ya prick "
"okay, i've got a question: why would a municipality wait until there is 2 inches of snow on the road before plowing? i'm looking at you charlottesville "
car home safe and sound and in her own parking space  poor miss moonbeam  glad to have you tucked in safe tonight 
day one of my vacation time  and i'm off to run errands (damn it) 
"okay - the good news (?) no running errands  the bad news? the car won't start  the really bad news? it's not the battery (which is not even 2 weeks old yet)  <propfemale> freakin' christmas to me! oh well  (and i do realize things could be much, much worse  it's still frustrating though )"
"okay - had a smoke and i take back my cranky, bitchy post  at least the car is stuck in my parking space, and not on mountainwood  miss moonbeam started and got home friday night  i do realize how lucky i am  it may take me a few minutes, but i eventually come around  thank-you ye automotive gods  blessings upon you "
"alright - i don't mean to be all \islama-phobic\"" but all i can say is that it is startling and unnerving to come face to face with a woman covered head to toe with only her eyes showing  i really do have respect for others' beliefs  pity their beliefs don't seem to respect female personhood """
"and now, i think miss <propfemale> is getting just a little brighter again on her outer right-hand edge   glad to have you back!"
"so i think i'm done for the week (except for a run to the grocery store)  got the car to the dealership without getting it towed  'cause didn't the sucker start right up this afternoon? either way, i believe i had finished the hard stuff on my to-do list  (wish my overwhelming anxiety disorder would listen )"
"by the way, i found this statement odd  <propfemale> doesn't want to let gays serve in the state national guard because a man doesn't want to be worried about being sexually assaulted by his fellow soldiers when under fire in a foxhole(?)  you know, there are so many avenues to more fully illuminate the ridiculous of this statement that i don't even know where to begin   "
well - goodnight all  i am worn out with my admiration for <propfirst> obey (which is deeply deserved)  but i need to go all couch potato for a bit and then head off to bed  love to you all!
"so, re-posting: <propfemale> whatever-holiday-you-celebrate! (i'm more of a yule winter solstice sort of gal myself   )"
on the phone with <propfemale>  and in the spirit of the christmas season - she is de-friending people 
"\oh <propfirst> - we're fighting again  let's not fight anymore   \""\",d4af51964c7ed49c9b216173aad7a166,i think my grandmother just <propmale> up on me    annoyed 
saw a seagull at routes 15 and i-64 at zion crossroads  just something you don't see everyday  at least not around here 
"so, just found out this afternoon that the office had their christmas luncheon last week while i was out  hell, i didn't even know we were even having a christmas luncheon  would've been nice if someone had called to invite me though  yeah - i really feel like an important part of the team  thanks for the appreciation "
"happy new year's <propfemale> <propfemale>!!! got my car out of the shop, picked up some soft chimichangas with beef tips from guad and busted open a bottle of asti spumanti  you know why? 'cause i'm friends with <propfemale> franzen, and she said i could do what i want! after all, she is <propfemale> franzen and she does what she wants (because she's <propfemale> franzen) "
"so, i think i might be getting my singing voice back  i'm not saying i'll be back to my 3-octave hey-day, but evanescence isn't as hard as it used to be   and i love to sing "
yesterday - the snow storm that wasn't  there was still an accident at the 250 29 by-pass at the i-64 junction  so i hid out in belk for an hour to let traffic clear up and what should i happen upon? a lingerie sale!!! there's nothing like a new bra to give you a lift! and now it feels like i can rest my <propfemale> on my breasts  haven't yet scored any folded one-dollar bills though   
"so, don't misunderstand me, i really am happy to have monday off  i just would've liked to know i was getting monday off prior to 4:27 pm today  lookit - they've done studies, a <propmale> contributor to happiness is anticipation  being able to anticipate a 3-day weekend would've made the arrival of said weekend that much sweeter for me  oh yeah, and i could've made plans  as cousin <propfemale> likes to say - just sayin' "
"another red-tailed hawk today on i-64 heading west  if i go home and see my roof covered with red-tailed hawks, a la the white owls in <propmale> potter, screw everybody, i'm running away to hogwart's  just and fyi "
is thinking about that box of chocolate chocolate-chip cookies 
"is convinced that all mortgage companies and insurance companies are nothing but a bunch of bookies  and if they can arrest a bunch of little old italian men for racketeering, they ought to be able to set up a sting and arrest bank of <propfemale> or gmac mortgage or cigna insurance  just sayin' "
"just got back from closing with an attorney (outside of town, who shall remain nameless) and all i can say is that it was like if the keystone kops had a law practice   and were drunk  jesus, <propfirst> and <propfirst>!"
"okay - a corrective status  i did not go to closing on a house of mine  i work in real estate, so when i talk about closing with someone, i do all the crap work required after lovely folks like you (and some a$$holes, unlike you all) get done signing their documents  fyi - your house ain't yours 'til i get to the courthouse "
"so the office opened an hour late this morning so that the roadways could melt  which was wonderful! i saw an entire family of bluebirds this morning white taking it easy  mama, papa and five babies! and those babies had a lot to say! chirp, chirp, chirp! i've never seen so many bluebirds all at ones in my whole life! coolest thing ever "
what's for dinner tonight? tater tots! with salt and catsup  yum!
and now the door-knocking mormons will be praying for me the rest of the weekend  great  guess i should've gone to that scrabble tournament at court square tavern after all 
just a question: who's giving to <propfemale> this valentines day? i ask because i think it would be cool to start a movement or trend or something 
"did i just see one of moammar qaddafi's minions in blue camouflage? dude, you're in the desert  we can see you  moron "
"so, it's going on 9pm and i haven't let nuit out to play tonight  i am a very bad, very mean, the most not-nicest mommy in the world  she wanted me to let you all know that "
10pm and l'il nuit is not home yet from her evening romp  she's grounded!!! get <propfemale> butt home young one! mommy wants to go to bed 
"finally feels semi-human again  been languishing since last night, feeling nauseous and awful (don't ask)  and i think i'm heading back to bed  yes, at 7:49 pm  i feel that wrecked  on the bright side, l'il nuit actually snuggled with me in bed, and she's never done that before  deep down, she loves her mommy, she just doesn't like to admit it "
stop calling the office!!! i'm trying to eat my big <propmale> damn it!
"just an fyi to the bosses and personel managers out there: getting all snarky and attitudinal about old paperwork i'm catching up on doesn't exactly inspire me to clear out the backlog or check for accuracy  i could've just stapled it all and filed it, let it become someone else's problem, and you'd've never been the wiser  just sayin' "
"just out of curiosity, because the topic sort of came up around the office, what is so great about marriage? because i gotta tell you, the older i get, the more awful marriage sounds  just   awful "
is spending the afternoon harrassing real estate attorneys via fax machine 
"by the way - just curious, has anyone had any e playful erience using acupuncture to manage chronic back pain? mom's constantly suffering, and all she can get is painkillers and an occasional cycle of steroids  (and <propfemale>, i'm looking for your input especially) "
"okay, charlottesville, we've had a nice run for the past 6+ years  but now that <propfirst> trump has bought 200 acres of the kluge estate i think it's time to consider relocating  i mean <propfirst> trump?! <propfirst> clooney couldn't buy a vineyard or something? there goes the neighborhood "
"so, the word is, no three day weekend for me  presidents day? screw it "
"well, if i can't get monday off, i can do the next best thing  make the problems on my desk someone else's problems  dear workaholic boss, aka <propmale> legree, e playful ect to be snowed under  love, disgruntled underling, aka office lackey  ps - if you gave me 15 days vacation a year, we could have avoided all of this unpleasantness "
"i think i just accidentally ordered 1200+ medium binder clips, instead of 12 dozen medium binder clips  oops  happy friday "
margaritas in t minus 17 minutes and counting  (but hey - who's counting?)
"bean and cheese enchiladas in 20 minutes  btw - you may not want to walk behind me until sunday afternoon  i'm warning you all, 'cause i like you  screw everyone else  let it be a surprise "
would mixing <propfemale> red port with yeungling black and tan be bad?
i think i know why my knee has been bothering me  torn meniscus  ask com rocks  now all i have to do is get the time off to go to the doctor and get him to agree  workin' for a living sucks 
how cheaply do you think i can build a 1500 square foot straw bale house?
"not that it's come up on facebook, but do not email me  apparently there's a trojan horse somehow attached to my email account  just an fyi  of course your can email me, but i won't be opening my email  guess it's time to switch to gmail or something "
"well, after a morning of chest pains that won't go away (and back pain, and jaw pain and dizziness), i think it might be time to get checked for heart disease  not to be a hypochondriac, i'm just not as young as i used to be is all "
doctor's appointment made  now everybody stop freaking out  i have had chest pains since i was 17  this episode was just longer lasting  now go about your usual snarky business   wink 
"after 30 minutes of my 60 minute lunch hour, i have been told that i \definitely need to go record \"" nice """
"at the traffic circle at airport road, was passed by a silver gray hearse, that was heading north on earlysville road, and said hearse had (i sh*t you not) bright red flames painted on it  if you want to pimp your ride, that's fine, but damn, son! seriously?"
oh! oh! a present from the jargo! what could it be? what could it be?
"so - i was about to call the bff to toast her on finishing her 4th edit on her 1st novel,and who calls but \mother's against drunk driving \"" on st  <propfirst>'s day? seriously  as i'm about to toast my bff with a beer? alanis morrisette couldn't come up with that irony """
corned beef - done  colcannon - done  dinner - about to start  yum!!!
"so in my <propfemale> heritage orgy, like a jerk, i forgot to do the most important thing of all, donate to help the hungry  because were it not for the famine, my ancestor, neddie gibbons would never have emigrated from county mayo  did it first thing this morning though  $25 feeds an american family for a month  bon appetit - and i hope you see better times very soon "
"so - i just got the first normal ekg the machine has ever produced, which means i'm super-normal  at least cardiacally speaking  next best guess for the chest pains: esophogeal spasms  after that, we're going to sludgy bile in my gall bladder  enjoy your lunch!"
"finally put on my big girl pants and filed my tax returns  i've got to ask though, how come filing my \free\"" state return cost me $19 95?"""
"117 <propmale> on the road yesterday  164 <propmale> today  i'm exhausted  and i have a headache  can i go home? on the bright side, i got tha cat muzzle ordered  (hey - i need to trim her claws, and she bites )"
"okay - to the moms out there  i realize that it is perennially popular to blame you for everything that could go wrong with your kids, so i don't mean to add to the burden  but - that being said, you must stop the self-sacrifice self-denial because you're a mother now  whether you realize it or not, your daughters want to know that they can be grown women and have an identity "
"in light of the us actions in regard to libya, i realize i have been alive for 4 wars, and my nation has only been at peace for 16 of my nearly 40 years of life  (and my reckoning starts from viet <propfemale> ending in '75 with the fall of saigon; if you want to bump viet <propfemale> ending in '73, that still only means 18 years of peace, still less than half of my life ) f*cking twisted "
just loves making my problems someone else's problems  and i know the just attorney's office i want to afflict next 
bartender - i'll have a robitussin on the rocks  you know what? make it a double  and put it on my tab 
"body aches mostly gone  chest congestion loosened up  but the fever is back  by the way, is it normal to dream that you're so hot your brain is going to boil and you'll die  <propfemale> said she thought i might have been e playful eriencing mild delirium  i also dreamed that i was a whaler and had to dive into the dead whale's brain to get the spermacetti  so maybe delirium was on the menu "
