874747e7c4de5c005f2451a880548c3c
happy new year everyone!!!  smile 
next time you try to say you are perfect   try walking on water!  smile 
idk    bored  some text me 571-268-4572
"bored    sick  gotta get back to school, im going crazy!"
"played in the game after being as sick as i was, yay!    smile  and no <propfirst> im not crazy!  smile "
ugh   everything is going wrong    sick and tired of everything
life was so much easier when guys had cooties  smile  haha
pssh   gettin tired of stupid people     they annoy the hell out of me
hmm    now i realize all the time i spent talking to you was just one big huge lie  wow   get a life and leave me alone   you know who you are
happy new year everyone! there would have just been one thing to make it all better    
had an uhmazing day hanging out with <propmale> l phillips  and <propfemale> casarin! it was a blast  smile 
watching the bengals play the ravens  smile  lets go bengals haha
"\you have to just live your life not caring what others think and shake off the drama and prove to them that you're better than they think you are!\""  smile """
the snow is pretty  smile  but it is way too cold!!!!
lots and lots of snow now     it really needs to stop  its just getting to the point where its stupid now - -
haha man this super bowl is crazy  smile 
never really thought i would say this    but im really missing school right about now 
"when you think you know someone, you finally find out the real them   "
who ever knew a clown could be so hotttt???  wink  without that makeup and hair he was sure fine as hell  smile 
spring break is goin good  smile  <propfemale> this thursday night or friday morning  i cant wait to see you <propfirst>  smile  its been too long 
happy friday  smile  haha  this weekend is going to be the best!!!  smile 
"i recognized ur number its burned into my brain   felt my heart beating faster    everytime it rang, somethings never change  thats why i didnt answer     cause im always your last call  i dont need to check that message, i know what it says, baby i still love you dont mean nothing "
june 4th through the 7th is going to be officially the best days of my life  smile  i cant wait 
"some people just piss me off  i try being nice and getting along with them and everything but they go and say stupid ass shit  really people, this is ridiculous!"
"so its been a pretty good birthday today, and its still not over!  smile  saturday im going to busch gardens to celebrate even more! cant wait "
found out some pretty crappy news     but on the other hand im signed up for my summer english class to graduate early!  smile 
ughh it sucks when you are trying to write a paper and something else is bothering you so you cant concentrate and finish it     i hate this 
"late night tonight! gonna be up doing my field day shirt, even though im not sure what to do yet  haha  smile "
god stress stress stress   cant wait till im out of quantico! dont know how much more i can take 
soooo im most definitely sun burnt! haha  oh how i missed the summer days  smile 
wow   so facebook is being stupid and making me a fan of everything 
"just a small town girl, living in a lonely world  she took the midnight train going anywhere  just a city boy born and raised in south detroit  he took the midnight train going anywhere a singer in a smoky room, a smell of wine and cheap perfume, for a smile they can share the night it goes on and on and on and on    smile "
"haha like im really going to let quantico people get to me  yeah right  go get a life and leave people who dont belong in it, out of it "
sooo eclipse was a waste of my time! it was okay but it drug on and on 
whoever knew summer class to gradute early could be so      boring
had an amazing night tonight!  smile 
"where there goes my plans for the weekend  thought i wasn't going to ohio anymore, but now my mom changed her mind  bummer!"
in ohio! oh how ive missed this place  smile 
ughh online class teachers are picky  haha  i misunderstood an assignment and now i gotta redo the whole thing  ger - - haha
my mom and i had an icecream fight  smile  haha tonight was a blast
ughhh trying to figure out something    guess i screwed up again  annoyed \
passed my online class  no <propmale> year for me  going to skip right into my senior year! haha life is amazing right now
"so im a senior now!  smile  i have my schedule too  and volleyball is the first day of school    if you are going to play, let me know! i wanna know who will be playin with me  smile "
"who is in yearbook class with mrs  lowe this year???? if you are, what time do we need to report to the school monday for the senior photos?????"
school tomorrow  smile  can't wait to see who is in all my classes 
"everyone who graduates from quantico always says they can't wait to get out of there because they hate it, but when it comes time for them to leave they always come back to visit  haha "
"tired as can be  laugh  i enjoyed volleyball today, the new coach seems really nice  but, we don't have many people playin this year  sad "
"today has been a sucky day, i mean really i don't think it could have been much worse "
"no regrets, just lessons learned  smile "
"woking on the vadets crap, getting my license sept  18th!  smile  so glad "
hurt my foot in volleyball  annoyed  its all swollen  going to the doctors hopefully tomorrow  idk if i will be able to play in the first game of the season    this sucks
"had a pretty crappy day    sucks when the one person you want most to text you,  wont "
"my mom is so wasted, lmao! we got her to order pizza and breadsticks  poor dominos for having to talk on the phone to my drunk mom  this night is too funny"
i miss lejeune and all my friends there! its been three years too long since i've seen you guys
so tomorrow it is back to school  annoyed  at least there is a home volleyball game at 4 to make the day worth it  haha 
"\never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game   \"""""
"bored  about to watch the football game, text me  smile "
"ready for monday's game, its gonna be a long bus ride  smile  \haha hopefully as fun as our one team trip to dc  lol "
tired of everything that has been going on lately  ready for the weekend to be here already and then the game on monday 
so today turned out to be a really really great day  smile 
finally got my homecoming dress after trying on so many  now i can't wait  smile 
"hurt my ankle, again, in the volleyball game today  annoyed  it's been swollen the whole day  that's just grand "
"okay, for everyone who wanted the pics i took this week for spirit week, they are now up!  smile "
"the pep rally was pretty awsome  smile  go seniors!! \good luck to all the football players tonight, we better get a win  smile "
homecoming tonight!  smile  can't wait  gonna be fun 
homecoming was amazing! i had such a great time  wish it would have lasted so much longer!  smile 
trying to write a paper and facebook is getting in the way  laugh  time to log off and work  ugh  haha
"okay, so i accomplished one thing tonight  smile  haha  now its school tomorrow "
ugh    so much going wrong  just about to forget everything and not worry anymore
"tired of being the only one who seems to try    i'm starting over and this time, i'm forgetting you and your ways  i am just going to worry about myself, like you always seem to do  ready for a new life filled with just worrying about mysef   smile "
i love when football teams support breast cancer awareness month by wearing pink gloves and or shoes  smile 
"going to clarksville, tn friday!  smile  can't wait  should be a lot of fun "
halloween was a lot of fun  i loved handing out the <propfemale> and seeing all the cute little ones dressed up in their costumes   smile 
"\girls wonder why guys dont talk to them anymore after a relationship  truth is guys dont talk to girls because there afraid to like them again   \"" probably one of my favorite quotes """
happy birthday to all the marines!  smile  love ya'll 
lets try this!  smile  why wassup?
"\keep your face to the sunshine and you will not see the shadows   \"" - <propfemale> keller"""
"finally taking a stand  you hurt me and just so you know, <propfemale> is a bitch! you'll get what is coming to you   smile "
who ever knew that one little picture of the most une playful ected thing could turn my crappy day into a now amazing one  smile 
"day was okay, it seemed too long  and this rain needs to stop, it is quite depressing  i want the summer back  smile "
"my dad's laptop equals possibly the worst thing in the world  can't wait to get mine fixed  sorry if i am talking to you and i just log out with no warning, this computer hates me  laugh "
"facebook is not the place to be acting immature, people  if you have something to say to someone then say it to their face  don't go facebooking it all day long  it solves nothing, half of the time it just makes it worse  if only some people would realize that "
misplaced my phone  annoyed  haha  now to retrace my steps so i can find the stupid thing!
"it's my life so i live it my way  you aren't going to try to stand in my way and pull me down  get a life, for real  smile "
sick  sad  bleh 
happy turkey day everyone!  smile  haha  going to be a little kid again and watch the parade!
"okay, so i must say, <propfemale> bernal <propmale>  can make some pretty crazy crap up  haha  i loved todays lunch    it was priceless  smile  poor saydi juliar"
snow!  smile 
"everyone always thinks they know me    but trust me, no one knows the half of it  so quit talkin before you actually know what truly goes on "
lookin forward to the 23rd!  smile  going to be great
volunteering to place wreaths on the arlington national cemetery graves on dec  11th    anyone want to do it with me?
just got home from the middle school girls basketball game    my sister did really well  at about 730 gonna head to the high school varsity boys' game  smile  should be interesting 
ugh why does my facebook keep sending requests to people? some of them that i don't even know  gez 
watching a year without <propfemale> claus! totally takes me back to my childhood  smile 
long night last night    stayed up till like 3 with a friend since things were going on    i think i much rather be sleeping right now than be up
text me! 571-268-4572
"i feel like i finally accomplished something, got all my online english done!!! finally! now to do the stupid exam for it tomorrow "
sick  annoyed  ugh  i blame the stupid school for making us park so far away from the school!
going chrstmas shopping today!  smile 
"going out bowling tonight, glad  smile  i need to get out and have some fun with friends for a change "
meeting up with an old friend from lejeune today with saydi juliar! can't wait
so the grandparents are coming today  smile  hmmm what to do after that?
i hate how it doesnt even feel like christmas  annoyed 
"if i die young, burry me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses   send me away with the words of a love song ?"
getting my hair done tomorrow!  smile  what should i do to it?
senior pics the 15th  smile  haha  i'm excited
"spent the morning playing sorry, the game,with my little seven year old brother and found out that i suck at it  he won the three games we played  annoyed  gez  \well, off to go find new boots now  smile "
"my sister managed 4 fouls in under 6 <propfemale>  so my mom said instead of praying to stay safe in the next game, she should pray to not get four fouls in 6 <propfemale>  smile  lmao  it was a funny car ride home "
"american idol isnt the same  annoyed  i want all the bad singers again, i don't want to see the good ones until later on in the show   the tryouts are for making fun of the bad ones!  smile "
 annoyed 
"so mr  cromwell tells the class that if we breath the chemials he was messing with then we would die  so he decides to mix them together and smoke from it ends up all in the room, with us breathing it in  no window open  thanks cromwell haha  what an interesting class it was today  smile "
"<propmale> mccreery, my favorite idol of all this season ?"
"attention seniors, if you have a pic you want to go in the senior collage for the yearbook, post it on my wall and i will make sure it gets in "
sat tomorrow  annoyed 
goin to ohio thursday night    fun 
"in ohio with the sister and mom  smile  havent seen my cousins in 6 years, boy how time has gone by  but, off to the mall in indiana here in a few with them  smile "
who would have known that just one phone call could have turned everything around for the better? what a great night
<propfemale> obama at quantico class of 2011 graduation?? i think so!  smile  who can beat something like that?
it seems like everyone i know is joining the marines after high school this year  
"yearbook is complete, now i will actually be able to sleep in and come home!  smile "
