4c65e70dfb242bf28286eab825d558d6
got two new kittens last night 
"i love how the paper seems to think that the air show is more important than the three convicts that escaped   way to go, guys "
i should really be in bed 
is a busy little bitch 
is hoping her <propfemale> fly traps will grow up soon!   laugh 
my whole body hurts 
is optimistic 
"will be cleaning   if you know the number, feel free to text it   if not, ask and i will process your request    love "
i hate when you're on your laptop and the power cord gets unplugged and you don't have your battery in 
"\   ocean pulls me close and whispers in my ear the <propfemale> i've chose all becoming clear the currents have their say the time is drawing near washes me away makes me disappear   \"""""
i want to kidnap <propfirst> <propfirst>    love 
bed = now 
<propmale> henson's: the storyteller was an awesome show   anyone remember it?
antikörper is an interesting movie 
time for    water!   laugh 
should i or shouldn't i   
holiday sammich = yum!
back home!
i wish my ear would stop ringing   
"hey   for those of you with skype, feel free to add me   my name is on my profile   laters    love "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday    love 
"you know, it is really sad that it takes an hour to get rid of all your requests "
snow    love 
bed   goodnight all    love 
swallowing little bits of gum that are connected to the <propfemale> part of a blowpop when you bite it off = not fun   my stomach hates me now 
i want to stop sneezing!!  > surprise 
<propfemale> in wonderland tonight!!  love 
"as of tonight, i've made a sound decision to stop eating meat completely   i've been eating too much of it lately, to me, and i think it's time to try the vegetarian thing again    smile   wish me luck!   laugh "
don't drink lemonade without eating anything first   x_x
"boca \burgers\"" are pretty damn good!   laugh """
prick your finger it is done the <propfemale> has now eclipsed the sun angel has spread his wings the time has come for better things
i hate hot weather   gunna be drinking lots of water for sure 
i'm getting rid of games i don't play anymore   i'm too crowded by invites and requests 
savetheinternet com
"i made my first pizza dough today   i did well   and my <propmale> sauce!   laugh   yummy, delicious <propmale> sauce   "
"i'm quitting cafe world   no more requests, please    smile "
i go outside for 5 minutes and when i come back inside i start sneezing like crazy   :[
"linux, how i love thee    love "
linux hates me   :[
"i believe, now that i have finished my game, it is time for bed   goodnight all "
i wish it would peak at 60° only   no more than that 
"everyone who can see this please re post it  so it can go worldwide - ok? help fight these scams! stop joining free  stuff groups! they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with  facebook, you will not get anything free  zynga has already advised  that they are not the originators of these scams       stop putting your  friends at risk "
is in a minimal amount of pain due to the need to reopen two of her piercings   :[
i'm tired and i haven't even done anything yet 
"goodnight, folks "
"so my account was hijacked   i just had to change my password  wtf, facebook?"
is starting fresh 
will now have some quality time with netflix 
burned her tongue eating her soup!  :[
"is anyone else having stupid issues with fb?  it is not loading everything   buttons missing, pictures not loading, and my messages won't load either   grr "
"wow, now www facebook com won't even load   good job, guys "
to hell with facebook   i'm done with it today 
"i'm quitting farmville   i'll help out with some last things, then it is gone "
"wtf, facebook?  what good is it to make lists if you can only have a message with 20 people in it?  i've sent messages to these lists before   get your heads out of your asses, please?  thanks "
"is munching on a mix of craisins, peanuts, cashews, and sunflower seeds "
"while you scream at your woman   there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear  while you humiliate, offend, and insult her   there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman   there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's    a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence!"
grilled cheese with saute'd mushrooms   so freakin' good!
"\do you know how far this has gone? just how damaged have i become? when i think i can overcome it runs even deeper everything that matters is gone all the hands of hope have withdrawn could you try to help me <propfemale> on? it runs   \"""""
hopefully today is better than yesterday 
homemade veggie burgers for dinner 
watching a movie 
"ohhhh, barracuda!"
time for bed   i'll be there for a week 
"dear ovaries, we could be really good friends if you'd just fuck off   love, me "
"so, i put a little too much oil in my homemade conditioner   oh well, guess i'm having an oil treatment instead!   laugh "
"so i tried sushi for the first time with <propfirst> parobek, and it was absolutely fail   sorry <propfirst>!!"
and the fucking city wokers are back   lovely 
"\picture yourself in a boat on a river   \"""""
"bp rep <propfirst> prescott shrugged off the oil spill\ by saying, \louisiana isn't the only place that has shrimp \"" here's \",4c65e70dfb242bf28286eab825d55 laugh 6,is contemplating watching inglorious basterds 
"fml!  i accidentally tipped my laptop table over and my cooling pad laptop fell off onto my bed   well, the way it landed, one of the blades broke off the cooling pad and now it won't work   ugh   "
"so, my cooling pad isn't dead   yay!!"
"mini-vacation was fun!  good people, good times "
can't it just rain without the electricity going out?
removing people from games i do not play anymore 
i can't get the ball on my damn hoop!!   troubled 
needs a snack 
"is stuffed and now tired   probably should not have made pasta, but at least i'll have dinner for tomorrow tonight   stupid bloodflow; it needs to be able to help digest food without making\ people sleepy "
has been awake for almost 16 hours now   is now going to bed 
"to farmville friends:  i am finally deleting the game   if any of you also play mafia wars, feel free to add me there "
"oh hell, a possible transformers 3??   laugh "
i saved another toad today    smile 
just watched district 9   anyone have any comments that have seen it?
listening to tool before bed    love 
why do i always end up listening to dimmu right before bed?   troubled 
"have a headache, going to bed "
<propfemale> cooper concert tomorrow night!!  super excited!!   laugh 
"okay, kids    chlorine from the pool has won and i need to get to bed   have a good night "
<propfemale> cooper concert = win!   laugh 
ugh    either i'm sick or my allergies are hating me after the smoke machine at the concert last night   :[
i've had a freakin' headache all day   almost time for bed 
has the feeling that she will be in bed all week   :[
"mafia wars:  anyone have a <propfemale> <propfemale> i can have?  i've finished the job, and still haven't gotten it   :["
why do white cheddar flavored foods seem so addicting??
homemade ramen is full of win 
g'night all   early bedtime for me 
has a serious case of the munchies   :[
being bored sucks hardcore   :[
almost time for bed 
i finally found what i was looking for on netflix!!   laugh 
"my head is freakin' killing me   had this headache all damn day   going to bed, folks   goodnight "
i'll be glad when i'm not sick anymore   having a headache every day for a week gets annoying very quickly 
"check this bullshit out from the lovely facebook folks annoyed \to protect account security, it is not possible to update your account’s\ security question once you have added one  if you have not yet created a\ security question, you will see this option on the account settings \<propfemale> "
i need to get a hold of some people    annoyed \
"is it just me, or is facebook getting boring lame?"
? i love the dead    ?
\i stand alone today    why you feel    don't ask me why i feel\,4c65e70dfb242bf28286eab825d55 laugh 6,is cleaning!!  surprise 
i'm hungry 
"i really hate my cat   i go downstairs to make a sandwich, and when i come back, i see he's thrown up on my bed three times within that time frame   anybody want a cat?  i'll give him away for free "
nvklazj a;lndjknhs!  going to bed   
i have officially eaten too much   troubled 
i had to reopen an ear piercing   i think i screamed at a pitch that only my dogs could hear  t_t
am i uninteresting because i do not like to go out clubbing or get drunk every weekend?  or are there others that think it is completely overrated   
"it really sickens me to see just how lazy people have gotten in writing typing   is it really that hard, people?  c'mon!"
"\you can't kill me 'cause i'm already inside you   \"""""
if this guy chews his gum any louder i swear to whatever god he believes in that i will punch him in the throat   
might be able to break out her brand new hoodie she got yesterday!   laugh 
"tempo per questa cagna di andare a letto! spero di avere finito con quello che voglio fare! auguratemi buona fortuna \\(let's see who gets that first     playful )"
i wish today never existed 
so i was playing pandemic 2 last night and i got madagascar on the first try  and i successfully killed off the entire human race!   laugh 
hahaha    i'm playing pandemic 2 and i started in madagascar!!   laugh 
i want to stab the person that keeps honking their stupid horn   it's annoying dumbass!!
is going to try to go to bed    hopefully she'll be able to fall asleep before 2am   -_-
excuse me while i put myself through a little pain 
sometimes i wish i was born deaf 
time for bed   goodnight!
and i believe we will be without power for the entire night   how awesome is that?? -_-
and the lights come back on   about fucking time   
"i've officially eaten too much, methinks    confidential "
"bottle of corona in hand, sitting in bed relaxing   smile "
water; the elixir of life!!  laugh 
"i have successfully stayed up all day to help correct my sleeping schedule!  yay, me    laugh "
gunna do some cleaning   i also hear some thunder!  laugh 
waaaay past my bedtime!  g'night everyone!
"how the hell can you make a movie adapted from the game battleship??  seriously, people    are you hollywood folks that desperate to make movies?  jesus christ "
"just finished watching the movie \metropolis\"" from 1927 """
my chicken tacos turned out lovely!   smile 
the <propfemale> is beginning to look lovely!   smile 
and so begins the adventure with <propfirst> the chimney sweep   
"time for a nap, methinks "
i'm so glad it is autumn!  got my window open and loving the fresh cool breeze 
haunted honeymoon on netflix   love 
bedtime   g'night 
breakfast and cardio   check!
cleaning up my <propfemale> a bit    smile 
i'm thinking some sort of <propmale> for dinner tonight   just have to figure out what kind!
i don't need anymore energy packs 
"time for bed   good night, folks    smile "
going to bed   g'night 
<propmale> with chicken and fresh mushrooms     came out delish!
54 degrees!! i love it!  love 
bedtime for me!
time for this one to get to bed 
hates having chapped lips    is also going to bed!  good night all    smile 
"okay, kids, time for bed   been on my feet all day   g'night "
walking around chicago all day yesterday makes you have a good nights sleep    smile 
my dog was just howling at the sound of the garbage truck 
going to bed   good night folks!
is trying to figure out what to make for dinner 
time to clean    oh what fun i am going to have  [ sarcasm]
i like it by my closet 
i support today's google image    smile 
"is bisexual and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=97468&rsource=stream "
"is bisexual and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=97468&rsource=stream "
"tired, dizzy, & have a headache "
can't stand it anymore; going to bed 
it's a lie in bed all day kind of day 
"got a new pair of sneakers today, courtesy of @<propfemale> leto!   laugh "
has a headache and is going to take some meds and go to bed   goodnight all 
g'night folks 
going to bed!  goodnight all   be safe and make good choices!!  laugh 
"please\ put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish\ is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a \choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking \for acceptance and equal rights  will you make it your status for at \least    one hour? promote love and acceptance! not hate! in honor of \purple spirit day!"
been staying up way too late the past couple of nights   heading to bed   goodnight all!
need some food!
bed   goodnight 
movie then bed 
"if my nose doesn't quit itching, i swear i'm going to take a razor blade to it "
"goodnight, everyone!!   smile "
"load of bollocks!!\\you have already answered to 5 requests for gifts in 24 hours  \",4c65e70dfb242bf28286eab825d55 laugh 6,anyone play ravenwood fair?
i hate heartburn   -_-
going to try to go back to bed 
should have been in bed a long time ago!  goodnight all!   smile 
"didn't sleep well, my eyes are killing me   :["
"bed early tonight, folks "
let the movie marathon commence!  happy halloween everyone!!   laugh 
"i have to say, i'm about sick of these missions!!"
i just pulled a tick off my cat    fucking eww!!
i've been lying in bed for two hours now trying to fall back to sleep   i hate this shit 
just woke up 
is going to bed early tonight   sick of not being able to sleep 
"off to bed, hopefully i can sleep tonight "
this no sleeping situation is getting old quickly 
going to give this sleeping thing a try again   we'll see how that goes 
"falling back to sleep is not a possibility, i guess "
meh   going to bed 
my sleep schedule is all kinds of fucked up and i don't like it at all 
i'm done for the night   going to go to bed 
"just finished watching <propfemale> in wonderland   i must say, i love <propfirst> depp in this film  and, of course, mr  <propfirst> fry   love his voice    laugh "
i'm going to be deleting some mafia members 
puppetmaster vs  demonic toys!  laugh 
why are reese's peanut butter cups so damn addictive??!!
i just made some delicious veggie tacos!  yummy    smile 
i think i'm going to make more veggie tacos for tomorrow!  they were pretty damn tasty    laugh   to the stove!
chamomile tea and then (hopefully) bed 
time for some yummy tacos!!  laugh   what do you think    hard or soft shell?  or maybe just chips?
"goodnight, <propfemale>!"
i only slept four fucking hours after being up all day yesterday   i'm really getting sick of this shit 
"virus\ in so-called \christmas tree\"" annex  this virus will crash your laptop \",4c65e70dfb242bf28286eab825d55 laugh 6,almost time for a nap 
ugh!  i just made the worst soup ever!!  troubled 
taking a break from cleaning   watching a movie so i don't get nagged at anymore!!
gotta do some chores   yay 
happy thanksgiving to those who celebrate it 
it's that lovely time to clean again!
"what's on my mind?  lots of things, but currently the thought of going to bed overrides everything "
slight headache; going to bed 
"did something she usually doesn't do, and now she's regretting it "
soon to be in bed 
yummy homemade pizza bread!!  laugh 
time for bed   gotta get up early tomorrow   g'night 
<propfemale> bit of snow here in chicago!  let's see what happens next!!
"got a book about steampunk, airships, and zombies   should be a good read!!"
i cut some of my hair off today 
o o  my cat just made a noise that sounded just like chewbacca   
i'm watching the creepiest <propfemale> in wonderland film ever 
new mouse for the laptop works fantastically!   love 
"i'm all about indie movies on netflix, recently   about to watch \following\"" """
even more tired than i thought i was; pausing netflix and going to bed   goodnight all 
i guess i should actually eat something today 
might load a movie on good 'ol netflix!   laugh 
mmmm    chicago-style popcorn 
"time for bed, folks   g'night "
"20 degrees outside, i've my window open for fresh air   i love cold air    smile "
ankle has been bothering me the last few days   have it wrapped up currently   :[
i cannot wait for this horrendous holiday to be done and over with already 
finally going to bed   goodnight all 
yay!! only a few days until this horrendous holiday is gone 
*sings* <propfemale> gets a new bed   <propfemale> gets a new bed!  laugh 
i just might go to bed soon   tired as all hell 
"well, today wasn't too bad, until now   i just came into my room and found my cat had climbed onto my bookshelf and onto the very top of my dresser and knocked a whole bunch of shit down all because i wouldn't let him out of my room   i am furious   he's very lucky i don't snap his damn neck   and if i don't sleep again tonight i will be even more furious "
"about to watch \waxwork ii\""   looking forward to its high quality entertainment """
"\i don't got that \""  people actually say such things??"""
"i'll bite annoyed you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours too  be a good sport and play along "
i'm finished with mafia wars   delete me if you find it necessary 
my new bed is here! i just have to go pick it up (hopefully tomorrow)!!   laugh   laugh 
been tossing & turning since about 1am   will i ever get any sleep?
hopefully i can sleep tonight so i can clean tomorrow 
testing the firefox 4 beta   i like it thus far!
gunna try going back to bed for a bit   be safe to all who are out & about 
just had to do a system restore   i love when i mess something up!   indecision 
man   it is almost seven & i'm contemplating going to bed   what am i   80 years old?
okay    now i am going to bed   g'night all    love 
