8291a96e6b23376ba0ab6080017790d0
"is headachey, cranky, and hopes she's not coming down with something "
is feeling okay with life about now   let's hope it stays that way 
is wishing that college would stop butting into her weekends   seriously 
is stuck on her last of the three essays from hell 
is done with her essays and is making triumphant poses of victory 
"is undertaking the epic task of getting through hell   i mean, monday "
thinks <propfemale> dickinson is very emo 
"believes that something must be done, she just doesn't quite know what "
"is being contemplative   actually, she's not, but it sounds like she's doing something damn smart, right?"
is awesome   just saying   gotta keep the self-esteem up!
is tempted by the chocolate and   must   resist   
wishes she were sleeping friday morning away   
"is in the midst of a linguistic conundrum that is completely and totally pointless and irrelevant   story of my life, really "
"wants to just sit down in a quiet field, and relax   "
is here physically   mentally?  now you're asking a bit much 
wonders why she can't get this paper done faster 
wants to proclaim that <propfemale> <propmale> is awesome   the <propmale> grams only add to this fact 
is at that half-way point between omgwtfbbq and utter hysteria that befalls nearly every college student when finals start piling up   and i've got 6 papers and a thesis i haven't worked on at all due   (x_x)
is feeling nostalgic: <propmale>!  oh my youth!
feels like an awful student 
is thinking about translation stuff   joy 
needs to survive these next two weeks 
is making very slow progress   *head desk*
"has finished revising her presentation that will be given today on the fly, wrote a 20+ <propfemale> paper, has barely slept, and has a migraine   today's goal: get through the day "
finds that listening to <propfirst> <propmale> makes one feel so much better about life in general 
"is one essay down, one more to go   maybe if i stick on target, i can get all three done and finish early!"
happy new year!
"had leftover microwave pizza and a brownie with coke for lunch earlier  behold, for i am the model of healthy eating habits "
"has survived the first day   now, classes tomorrow!"
hates it when she finds a history subject interesting because it is distracting from everything else she should be seriously thinking about 
"okay, <propfemale>, i'm doing this: go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"is feeling kinda headache-y, sniffly, and sickly   sad "
is doing stuff   really   it's totally innocent 
"believes that there are no truly great muscians anymore, only mediocre ones   and that modern music is dead because of the awfulness that is ke$ha (note, the $!)    before, she thought this was because of <propfirst> bieber, and before that it was lil' <propmale>, and before that   "
still can't quite believe that adelphi actually closed 
has decided not to go to school today   dealing with icy sidewalks and awful public transportation isn't worth it 
"has just finished spending the last 2 5 hours shoveling   between this and classes, i just couldn't win "
has discovered a love for crepes 
"has finished the reading for preston-matto's class   apparently, the literary lesson for this <propfirst>'s day is, \stay chaste! don't give up your virginity!  women are ebil   or else you won't achieve salvation!\""  it's such a cheerful message    love """
has signed up for <propfirst>'s reading circle   nabokov!   laugh 
"is pretty sure she'll have to have that awkward conversation about how, no, she does not have any pictures of herself or a camera or anything like that   the profile pics of pretty posies (alliteration, bitches!) should be enough of a clue to that "
has proclaimed that this weekend will be thesis weekend   we will all swear to work on that thing that we've been putting off so well that we try not to even think of it 
may or may not be thinking about something   nothing specific   just something 
"is not into hockey at all, but is still upset that we lost   ;_;"
is facepalming   all that fuss over medicated foot powder 
"is slowly getting this paper done   she has finished with lancelot and galehot   and now hates them   now she must do perceval, gawain, and <propfirst>   and then hate them too "
is getting really worried about the strange noises her computer has been making for the past four days 
"hates questions about the future   dealing with the present is difficult enough and there are no socially acceptable ways to say, \umm   yeah \"""""
has a headache  ;_;
loves dr  strangelove 
"has given up on writing anything on this computer, grad essays be damned!  it is making too much noice for me to concentrate   you know what, i blame percival "
forgot to mention how there is occasionally this awesome english guy on her adephi shuttle in the morning   it is most awesome 
is very anxious about everything and hope all things will go well for her 
"is happy her computer is no longer making noise   (take that, perceval!)"
"is happy that this long day is finally over and is determined to rectify her fail!public speaking skills with a kick-ass written thesis, which will be later devalued by fail!public speaking skills at her later thesis defense "
"will have a spring break connected to her computer, writing   i think i'll tackle the politics and lit  midterms that are due monday before diving into full thesis mode "
"could have happily gone her entire life without knowing what \vajazzling\"" was """
"has received an interesting offer from the u s  navy   grants, exciting e playful eriences, the whole lot   but she wonders where they got the idea that she is finiishing her education in dentistry "
"hates daylight savings time as she is off by a day and one hour, with a headache and a vague feeling of disorientation "
is done with essay #1 (damn midterm)   will now do thesis work while watching <propmale> 
"has discovered today is not only st  paddy's day, but also the day that italy was united and became a nation-state   also the rubber band was patented   huh "
is upset that spring break is over   because it is   you know it 
must stop wasting time and stop looking at the state dept 's opinion space site 
is busy   boo 
does not want to write essays and thesis papers   at all 
has looked at the wc schedule for tomorrow and discovered she is booked back-to-back from 10am to 3pm   oh boy 
is a dork and will watch dancing with the stars 
"'s final count for spring break madness: 3 essays (7 + 6 + 4 pages) and thesis work (3 sections, 16 5 pages) = grand total of 33 5 pages  where is that sense of accomplishment?  i'm not feeling it "
wants an honors college mug   because damned if she wouldn't look smarter drinking coffee if she has a mug with pictures of the big four on it 
's books have come in!  love 
"'s biological clock is not shot   it has been  torn apart, smashed to bits with a metal baseball bat, doused in petrol  and set on fire, and its charred remains pissed on  thank you college "
is excited to go wc bowling 
reports that tonight's wc bowling night was epic beyond belief and full of much awesomeness   smile 
wishes she felt more motivated   just been feeling blah for the past months or so 
"is holding down the fort at the wc  i guard against phone calls, stragglers, and trojan rabbits   anything else is beyond me -- <propfemale> is just that awesome "
's brain hurts 
is watching spaceballs   smile 
does not have a cartoon voice!!!
should be writing the thesis work she had put off the entire weekend instead of watching <propfirst> fry tour the us on youtube 
has a migraine right in between the eyes    sad 
"<propfirst> fleurimond, <propfemale> bernstein, <propfemale> lenox, <propfemale> hnizdo remember that we plan to go to the met this saturday!  i was thinking we should go in the morning, before the big crowds get in our way and maybe be done around 12noon-1pm or so   what about you guys?"
wants to thank everyone who wished her a happy birthday!
"should have done work on her thesis, but had something else to do   it's called life   (also, the wc student employee  recognition luncheon is a lie: it's not 12-2pm, it's just 12-12:45pm! grr )"
was given delicious chocolate cupcakes by <propfemale> illig as a belated birthday gift   yummy!  laugh 
has a severe case of senioritis 
"is working on friday  sure, the wc is great, but it's fucking friday "
is thesis writing 
"is 2 down on 5 appointments today   let's hope i survive to write complete my perceval section, finish my orality section, revise, and fucking conclude the thesis   i am not confident of this "
didn't get much done   sad 
wishes everyone a good morning at 4pm     dead   may preston-matto accept my humble draft 
*headdesk*
is tortured by what happened at the english thing today without her while she was stuck at that completely awful tutor meeting 
greatly dislikes perceval and wonders why she can't stop writing about him 
has written probably the crappiest essay she's ever done 
is happy  pierogi has that effect on people 
completely forgot about that whole cap & gown thing today  *groan* i have to stay longer after complete booking all day?
is tired and it's only the beginning of the week 
has discovered the adelphi senior sweatshirt surprisingly comfortable 
is freezing right now   seriously 
"is astounded   holy shit, only an introduction and a title may stand in my way of finishing the thesis of doom "
"   thinks she might have just finished her thesis, beyond minor edits   she'll have to miss <propfirst>'s reading circle, though "
"has sorta calculated that over since monday, she has gotten a grand total of six hours of sleep   damn, i'm good?"
's dinner will be most excellent   barbecue!
will be very busy today   praying for no shows!
just has had her last class ever at adelphi   if only i were less strung out to appreciate this 
"will definitely be late with the rizopoulos paper due today  at 12am  but damn it, i just pulled 20+ pages in one night and i'm not even done yet, i better be getting some slack "
"is happy to be home after pulling an all-nighter morninger on a 24-page term paper (suggested length 12-14), then having to walk the 2 <propmale> to adelphi to hand it in because public transportation sucks   will putting my feet up now "
has her thesis defense tomorrow   nerves abound 
is very happy that she got an a on her thesis defense!
"wonders why everything adelphi tries electronically fails with me   why is it forcing me to download quicktime (a <propmale> thingy when i have windows) to see the commencement preparation video, which refuses to stream anyway?! grr, just put it on youtube!"
is graduating today?
has officially graduated   the big scary world awaits 
"is enjoing <propfemale> somerset's the affair of the poisons: murder, infanticide, and \satanism at the court of <propfirst> xiv way too much "
had an excellent lunch with preston-matto and <propfemale> illig   smile 
\courage is the first of human \,8291a96e6b23376ba0ab6080017790d0,is watching the <propfemale> vs  england soccer game   go usa!!
goooooollllllll!!!!!!
wanted <propfemale> to win this game   but i will take the 1-1 draw with england!
had a great time at <propfemale> illig's graduation celebration   smile 
had a great time in queens with <propfemale> <propfirst>   thanks!
"knows that the fifa world cup and <propmale> quixote somehow go together   really, they do "
"is ecstatic!  team usa beat algeria and will advance to the second round of the world cup, because of a last-minute goal, down to the wire, by <propmale> <propmale>!  yes!  go usa!"
is dying from the tension   usa and ghana tied 1-1   i am also very much aware my recent posts have all been soccer related  please bear with me 
is spazzing 
is upset  (we lost!)
is watching usa vs  brazil international friendly game  go usa! (finally! soccer!)
", after studiously avoiding fb to try to break any addictions to it, is back  joy? who knows?"
"is happy to be home, even 1 5 hours later  the damage in queens was pretty bad, with down trees everywhere and traffic lights on the <propmale> "
"is busy writing a paper on defoe's moll flanders for her 18th century british novel class  why do i lack the ability to write a paper during the day, on a night not before it's due?"
"finished all of <propmale>'s anti-pamela, fielding's shamela, chaucer's man of law's tale, and the critical reading  <propmale>orrow, it's time to tackle fielding's <propmale> jones   right now? bed "
should not get all excited after reading an essay 
"is needlessly upset that she mixed up the meanings for \flaunt\"" and \""flout\"" again!"""
has discovered there is such a thing as the very large telescope   though the europeans want to build an extremely large telescope 
"does not care that <propfemale> <propfirst> has gotten married  so, radio stations, stop talking about it "
", no matter how many times she reads the clerk's tale, cannot stand <propfemale> "
's graduate methodology professor is just the nicest old guy ever   he even has a beard of benevolence 
has enjoyed watching hot fuzz 
is being grossed out by repo! the genetic opera 
's methodology class decided to indulge in some paleography  we all felt like first graders learning how to read 
is in a <propfirst> <propfirst> kind of music mood right now 
saw an absolutely riveting episode of sherlock and then a wonderful documentary on circuses   thank god for pbs 
"wants to know how the hell bristol palin has not been kicked off dwts yet   has she \made some kind of deal with the devil, with <propfemale> o'donnell has her witchy mediator?  i don't know   all i know, the \reality\"" of reality shows has just been pushed further """
is home  yes!
needs to get this analysis done and stop distracting herself 
can't wait for thanksgiving 
"has just discovered that her brother knows not only one person named \herbert\"" but two people named \""herbert\""  herberts are rare in this day and age!"""
"has had her turkey, and all is well in the world  or in my local world anyway "
the world is a sadder place today  <propfirst> nielsen died   sad 
"is in the library, thinking about what classes to take next semester  also, she forgot to bring the reading she wanted to get done  (see how the world plots against us students?)"
is writing her final paper for medieval lit  about chivalry  again! just when i thought i was out   it pulls me back in 
has come on facebook to let all of you know that she is finally done with her all her <propmale> papers   you may all drink a celebratory toast  (i will do the same for you )
is having a wonderful christmas   smile 
believes there is no better way to open the new year than with a twilight zone marathon 
"<propmale> <propmale>, button enthusiast "
