1abe1df784bc4ef0c97056e939fdd395
"had an very long day, but got to drive for awhile  smile "
is hanging out with my bf for the day  smile 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best
is really tiredd
wants to know if    you fail at failing isnt that winning?
is feeling like crap  but what else is new
thinks that creation needs to hurry up and get here already!!!!
is chillaxing outside  txt me
is amazed that i didnt burn after being outside all day
is bored
is thinking about going to bed
is bored beyond belief
thanks to a starbucks double shot im wired!!!
is drawing
darn you starbucks    im too hyper to do anything
is bored
is hanging out w  abi
is bored (again)
is hoping it wont rain on sat
just got home from a 2 hr jog  smile 
is going to have a busy day
is <propfemale> excited for tomorrow ^^
knows tomorrow is going to be complete crap
is packing for creation   i guess   
is going to be away till sunday   yay creation!
is home from the best week of my life!
is amazed how everything falls right into place after a week away from it all
misses creation <propfemale> much as well as all the amazing ppl there
is still missing creation   at work orientation  annoyed 
just got home from orientation   still missing creation  sad 
isnt feeling good  sad 
is working tomorrow   annoyed 
is home from work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is really getting annoyed with some jerk on aim
is having a stressful week v v
is really annoyed
is working tomorrow  annoyed    i guess im going to bed
ruined my class ring at work  sad 
ruined her class ring at work  sad 
is really pissed
is hanging out with <propfirst> ^^
is thinking
just killed her toe
is boredd
isnt feeling good   work 2:45-9 surprise 0
is still not feeling good   working 1-9
is still feeling like crap   work 1-9 smile 0
just got home from work
is bored out of her mind
is thinking about going to bed soon  long day of nothing ahead of me tomorrow
is home doing nothing all day
is packing for the beach
is at the beach till sunday  laugh 
is home but leaving again on tues  smile 
"is leaving for d c tomorrow,  i'll post pics from both trips when i return"
is chilling in d c with <propfirst> ^^
is home  annoyed 
is watching transformers 2: rise of the fallen > smile 
is trying to get back into the swing of things
finally posted pics from ocean city and dc  smile 
is helping out with vbs all week
could really use a few concealable cameras from my mafia  smile 
is working tomorrow 11-6
had a crappy day at work
"\i'm not a wannabe i'm who i want to be and i intend to be how you created me\""  smile """
is going with <propfemale> to hershey med  today  annoyed 
had a really busy day  annoyed 
is dreading marching band   sad 
is home from marching band
"is bored, doing nothing at home all day"
is talking to <propfirst> ^^
is working all day tomorrow then going to marching band practice  annoyed 
has had one of the most frustrating days ever   
is going to the church camp out tonight  laugh   laugh   smile 
is going to the church camp out tonight      
just got home from work and im leaving for <propfirst>'s soon
is spending a day being lazy
is hanging at home with geek squad  playful 
had a blast hanging out with <propfirst> today  smile 
"has band camp all week    -_-\\"""""
surprisingly had a good day at band camp other then seeing my life flash before my eyes  playful 
is going to bed cuz tomorrow is # 2 of band camp  
* is going to bed cuz tomorrow is day # 2 of band camp  
is home form a very frustrating day at band camp   
is home from a very frustrating day at band camp   
is not looking forward to another day of band camp   
is home from another exhausting day of band camp   
is taking my sister to a barnstomers game for her birthday  smile 
s taking my sister to a barnstormers game for her birthday  smile 
is home from the baseball game   work tomorrow
is working today from 11-6  annoyed 
is home from a long day at work
might just go to bed cuz theres no point in saying up   
should probably start my summer work today    
is going school shopping today  annoyed 
is spending another pointless evening at home     i might just go to bed soon    
had fun with my amazing aunt today  smile 
is really not looking forward to tomorrow   
is hanging out with her amazing aunt today  smile 
"finally got the freaking internet back -_-\"",2009-08-26 01:13 smile 1""",1abe1df784bc4ef0c97056e939fdd395,is starting her summer work tomorrow
is having one of the worst days of my life    
is working today   
is having another bad day   
is bored   might just go to bed soon   
is going to bed   night facebook
is leaving for the mall soon
is finally starting her book reports  sad 
is still working on a stupid book report   
seriously hopes it rains tomorrow    
is working   
is leaving for my little cuz's b-day party soon
had an ok day at school   
isnt to sure about going back to school tomorrow
had a long day and school   to much hw already  sad 
officially hates sat prep   
is rocking out to skillet's new cd thanks to <propfirst>  smile 
is leaving for mb practice soon  
had fun with the band tonight   looking forward to tomorrow night  smile 
had fun with band tonight   
is working tomorrow  then hanging with one of my fav ppl (they know who they are)  wink 
had a long day of painting     
finally finished painting my room  currently watching ncis  smile 
is sad the ncis marathon is over  crying 
had a really long day   and lots of hw before marching band  sad 
is still hating sat prep    > sad 
had a longgg day   
is really getting annoyed that all my fav books are being made into crap movies tv shows
is currently going insane trying to balance life and school   
is so not looking forward to school
has a lonngg weekend ahead    
might be working today   
had a long day at work
"is really really annoyed -_-\"",2009-09-13 22:54:52""",1abe1df784bc4ef0c97056e939fdd395,is gonna be in sooo much trouble if i dont bring up my sat prep grade   
is getting a new phone    and yea im still pissed about sat prep   
went to at&t and came home with nothing    
"has had one of thoose days where you look back and say \why the heck did i get out of bed this morning?\"""""
im just gonna go to bed         theres no point in being awake
finally got my class ring back  smile 
after an hour of calling and yelling at ppl i finally order my new phone   now all i have to do is wait for 3-5 days  smile 
cant freaking wait for her new phone to get here  smile 
is <propfemale> not looking forward to friday   
is <propfemale> not looking forward to tomorrow    
finally got her new phone  smile  !!!!!!!
is working 2:45-8 today   hopefully it will be busy
is sooo not looking forward to school tomorrow    
is still sick  sad  and is <propfemale> not looking forward to picture day
is really really bored    
cant wait for sat
is pumped for tomorrow  smile 
is finally 16  smile  !!
got a guinea pig for my b-day   shes sooo <propfemale>  smile 
cant wait till 5  smile 
is going to jesses house
had a pretty good day
had a really longggg day
is going to bed    night fb
is helping to put a float together tonight
bored to death   might just go to bed   
is in the parade tonight   look for pvmb  smile 
is really pround of our band  smile  great job last night guys
is really proud of our band  smile  great job last night guys (happy now zach?)
is wondering if anyone is planning on watching the pens game tomorrow night and if they could possibly text me updates
is sooo not looking forward to tomorrow    
is working tomorrow 9 smile 0-5
is thinking about buying a new i-pod
got a new ipod that doesnt suck  smile 
's computer is acting retarded   wheres geek squad when you need him??
is downloading a ton more song to my ipod for something to do
is feeling like crap    
is getting sick  again
"had a really longg, annoying day at school     not really looking forword to the long weekend   "
is working from 6-10 smile 0  sad 
is working again today 12-7 smile 0
is excited for tomorrow  smile 
is not feeling the best     work until 5 smile 0
is watching the pens game  smile  its a great day for hockey
is watching the pens game and unsuccessfully trying to get my sat outline finished  annoyed 
"is having a really long day, ive got tons of crap to do but not enought hours in the day to get it all done "
does not have swine flu!!!!!!!!!
wants to know how many times i have to tell you r-tards that i dont have freaking swine flu!!
"doesnt have to work today, yay rain  smile "
is hanging out with <propfirst> today
hates windows   
had a crappy night    at least the pens won   
is getting really really annoyed with electronics    
accidently washed my ti-84 plus graphing calculator      hopefully it works after it dries out   
is having a really odd day   
had a really good day  smile 
is gonna go watch ncis
had another decent day  smile 
is kinda nervous i have a meeting about ctc tomorrow    
can't believe tomorrows friday already    i'm not really looking forward to tomorrows football game    
has a really longgg weekend
is getting ready for <propmale>'s party  smile 
is having a pretty crappy weekend   nothing is going to plan
had an interesting day   
wants sat to hurry up and get here already
is excited for the yankees
is loving the pens game right now  smile 
had a pretty awesome day hanging out with my bf  smile 
is thinking about going to the <propfemale> party      is anyone else going?!?
isnt feeling good  
is laying around watching tv
is <propfemale> not looking forward to tomorrow   
is already having a pretty crappy day      i hope tonight doesnt make it worse  
had an interesting time at the football game      sad 
's weekend is looking like crap already  
got a hair cut yesterday   i still dont know what to make of it  
just got done adding some more photos to my site     check 'em out  smile  http annoyed  hotemochick13 deviantart com 
cant wait for this weekend to be over   
had a really really longg day  
is thankful for all of her amazing friends   i wouldnt make it through the day without you guys
is having one of the worst days of my life
is already having a crap weekend   i really need to get out of this house
is not going to the hockey game tonight  sad        good luck guys!  smile 
is looking forward to tomorrow
finally got her computer back up and running     smile 
is sick   this is totally not how i had my break planned  sad 
happy thanksgiving everyone  smile 
is rocking out with my cuz   smile 
is about to go shopping with my cuz
is looking forword to tomorrow
is having an amazing day  smile 
had an awesome day with <propfirst> and his family  smile 
is still cleaning out my car  sad 
"after 2 days of cleaning my car, im finally done!  smile "
is <propfemale> not looking forword to school tomorrow  
is really tired and has a ton of homework  sad 
loves windows 7 so far so good  laugh 
hates snow v v
hates snow and cant wait for it to all melt
is already sick of christmas music
is sooo not looking forword to tomorrow
"had a longg day of doc appointments, its <propfemale> good to be home"
is really tired    and doesnt want any more snow for awhile  sad 
good luck to the ice hockey team  smile 
well guys theres always friday  annoyed 
doesnt feel like doning anything productive right now
made county band  laugh 
is spending the night at <propfemale>'s house  smile 
is hanging at ambers for the day  laugh 
had an awesome day with my two fav ppl  laugh 
"had a good weekend but now, its time for school stuff  annoyed "
is having a pretty crappy day so far   
"hates ice, it ruins plans  sad "
is going to the dance and ten spending the night with <propfemale>  smile 
is excited for the hockey game tonight  smile 
hates snow
thinks dogs are really amusing when they are hopping around in the snow  smile 
is hoping i can leave tomorrow
let's see how forthcoming my fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting    wonder if i have 20 brave friends (or more) who will do this
2 hr delay= staying up 2hrs later tonigh  smile 
is trying to write her ctc essay     needless to say its not going real well   
could really do without christmas break   
good luck to the ice hockey team tonight  smile 
"yea, that right pv's ice hockey team owns  smile "
thinks tights suck  sad 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  laugh 
is sooo ready for bed
is looking forword to tomorrow  laugh   laugh   laugh 
had a pretty awesome time with my bf  smile 
is getting ready to go out for her permit
got her permit and just had her first e playful irence behind the wheel  smile       i dont think ive ever been this nervous
happy new years everyone  i hope your night is as awesome as mine is  smile 
had a fun day at work  smile  now its time to watch the winer classic  smile 
is ridicously bored
is trying to sleep but it just not working   
is trying everything possible to avoid doing hw  smile 
black
had a pretty bad day
has a band concert tomorrow     she really doesnt feel like going
had a pretty fun time at the concert and issacs afterwords with the crew  smile 
excited for fbla tomorrow  smile 
got second at regionals
"had a pretty long week, im <propfemale> ready for the weekend  smile "
is going to the hockey game tonight!!   knock 'em dead boys  smile 
has a long day of nothing   
is chilling at coreys  smile 
has to work tomorrow   
is hyper  smile   smile   playful   playful 
is a freaking taco
is going to tomorrows basketball game    who else is going?
"okay, so the game was pretty much pointless  "
county band concert tomorrow 7 surprise 0 at l-s  smile 
had an awesome time at county band last night  smile 
"today, i came home to find my little sister had decided to play hopscotch under our carport  feeling a small childish urge, i decided to hop on one leg to the front door  i tripped and fell, slicing my knee open  fml"
just got the line up for creation 2010     let me just says its gonna be epic!
is getting really sick of all the dramma   heres an idea grow up!
"is a person with feelings, im not here for your amusement and i'm not here for your drama"
is having a long weekend of bordeom
is having a pretty crappy day   
"dear snow, thank you for messing up yet another weekend    -_-\"",2010-02-04 23 surprise 9:28""",1abe1df784bc4ef0c97056e939fdd395,hates the new fb layout
is sick  sad 
is sick  sad 
cant wait for ncis  whooo!
aww    man there goes my long weekend
okay! thats enough snow!
"would rather be at school, then snowed in another day  sad "
had an amazing day!  smile 
is having a pretty great day of nothing but hockey  smile 
who needs valentines day when you've got ice hockey  playful 
"could really use some gifts on farmville  i am trying to finish my stable i still need 5 bricks, 4 harnesses, and 2 woodend boards  thanks!"
finally has the internet back! yay!
life is a book with many chapters some are hard to get through some are easy but u have to keep turning the <propfemale> to get to the next adventure  
got up this morning for no reason and now i cant get back to sleep    
"thinks we should have had a 2hr delay, not the whole freaking day off   "
thinks hockey fans are the best  smile 
is loving this weather  smile 
is loving this weather! time to break out the flippy floppies  wink 
got her prom dress today  smile 
had a pretty productive night of drawing instead of studying for finals  playful 
has only been up for a half hour and can tell today is not gonna be a good one  sad 
had a pretty amazing day  smile 
is haning out with my bro for the day  smile 
is offically going to ctc next year  smile 
happy easter everyone!  smile 
"eww, we have school tomorrow  "
had a pretty good day of fishing  smile 
is excited for fbla states tomorrow  smile 
just returned home from states      sad  i miss it already!
peace   love   rock 
is chilling at <propfirst>'s
"the door is everything! all that once was and all that will be! the door control time and space, love and death! the door can see into your mind! the door can see into your souuulll! really? th-the door can do all of that? haha, no "
just got home from my final concert  sad 
is going to get her nails done with her sis for some bonding time
has prom tomorrow    im not really all that excited  
"has prom today, i think the the next 2 hrs are going to be the slowest of my life lol"
is just chilling today  
"\what do you call a man who joins pages about girls making sandwiches?         answer: single!\""  playful """
had an awesome day!! im excited for tomorrow!  smile 
okay so the sat's were not too bad
is highly amused that the flyers just got owned!
had a blast at graduation ^^      tomorrow im off for new jersey  smile 
had an amazing time at my cuz's wedding  smile 
summer sucks so far     ive been sick  sad 
cant believe dad brought home 2 more ducks  smile 
cant wait for creation! whoo!  smile 
is gonna have to retake sat's     sad 
is leaving for creation tomorrow morning    see ya sunday!
has to get heart surgery on the 21st    sad 
if you look in my notes im gonna post the link to my blog about my surgery  check it out for updates 
got a new cell phone    yay!  smile 
has to work tomorrow     annoyed 
is working all day again tomorrow
is just relaxing today  laugh 
is working again tomorrow  laugh 
just got home from the hosptial! i feel so blessed to have so many caring friends and family members! love you all lots!
thinks we must be the change
"is it bad i've been out the hospital about a week and is just now returning peoples e-mails, comments, phone calls,   ?"
is doing nothing but watching the old ninja turtle movies  laugh 
might try to go to marching band tonight
finally got everything for ctc squared away!  laugh  one less thing to stress about!
refuse to give up  your mistakes don't define you  they don't dictate where you are heading 
first day of band camp down   too many to go  annoyed 
had a pretty good day with the band crew  smile 
is pretty happy that band camp is over!! i am really doing to miss all the shenanigans
had a great time with everyone at the bowling ally  laugh 
is <propfemale> excited for tomorrow  laugh 
is going to dc tomorrow  smile 
is pretty excited for the creation reunion tonight  laugh !!
well     yew    know  
hates being sick  
is going back to work for the first in time in month  smile 
is working again today    hopefully the day goes without incident
had a pretty god day at work  laugh 
is working again today  it's gonna be nuts! come stop in for the sweet corn festival 
hates scrubs!!
really doesnt feel like going to school tomorrow   
had a pretty awesome day at ctc  smile 
is having a crazy busy day!
loves ctc  smile 
just got back from senior pics  smile 
really wishes there was an extra day added to the week    or even more hours in a day        to much to do with no time to do it!!
finally has time to relax    until the football game tonight
is going to the midget football game today  smile 
is busy working     annoyed 
had a really long day at work    time to sleep!!
had yet another good day at school  smile 
had a pretty good day with the twins  smile 
ctc= yay!     weekly essays= booo!!
why must everything come with sacrifices
cant wait for today to end!!
had a freakishly busy day at work    holy crap am i tired!
was attacked by bees in class today     several times  playful 
had another crazy busy day!!!
officially hates dog hair!!
doesnt have to wear scrubs tomorrow     yay!!  laugh 
cant wait for sunday!  smile 
had an interesting day  i did everything from sitting around cuz of bomb threats to watching my teacher get mauled by a cat 
had a really long day   
has an interview at oscars pet resort on thurs  i hope it goes well  smile  i really want this job
has a long day of work ahead of her  
got a nook today!  smile 
had a great day!! thank you for all the birthday wishes  smile 
"you're\ brave, copy this to your status & see what people rate you  (1) \crazy  (2) wish we went out  (3) talkative  (4) sarcastic  (5) \beautiful  (6) lovable  (7) adorable  ( smile  strong  (9) dumb  (10) \pretty (11) spoiled  (12) mouthy  (13) wild  (14) goofy  (15) funny  \(16) awesomely awesome  (17) amazing  (1 smile  best       friend  (19) ugly \ (20)mean  (21) i love you "
is going to order her senior pics tonight  smile 
is not really excited to be in the parade tonight   
finally got home!!
had a good day with family  smile 
is going to bed   
finally started her senior project     playful 
is it thurs yet? i could so use a break!
i like it on the couch!
absolutely loves  love  hockey season  smile 
has a job interview tomorrow  smile 
"now has a \working interview\"" soon  smile """
is just laying around watching the cake boss marathon  smile 
penguins > devils  smile 
is so not ready for a busy weekend > sad 
penguins > flyers  > smile 
"honestly\ who is gonna watch the world series if it is rangers vs giants prob no \one but if the yankees r in u will have both yankee fans and yankee \haters watching so thats a lot of people"
"just for jesse: honestly who is gonna watch the world series if it is power rangers vs giant robots \\ laugh "
had a pretty fun senior night  smile 
just cut my boyfriends hair  smile  i guess its a good thing ive buzzed dogs  laugh 
yay hockey !!  smile 
wow   what a horrible day       
helped with her first surgery today  smile 
is downloading music for a friends party    suggestions are needed!!
is working today   then party tonight  smile 
is getting ready to go to detore's halloween party  smile 
had a lot of fun at jessicas tonight       oh look its 11:11  smile 
has a working interview today and is going to a hockey game after  smile  its gonna be a good day  smile 
i blame facebook if i suddenly go blind   
really hates google docs right out about now   
is working for the last time this year at <propfemale> crest  annoyed 
had fun at training tonight  smile 
is finishing up her senior project and then heading to a hockey game  smile 
finally finished her hills vet modules  smile 
cant wait for the weekend    hopefully the extra sleep will get me over this cold        sad 
has a long boring weekend of nohting ahead of her    
finally finished her senior project  smile   smile 
got a hair cut today  smile 
not a good day    
really hates yahoo mail right about now   
has her senior project all finished!
got hired at oscars     laugh 
is going to a bears game today to help out with uds  smile 
"had a fun time working with <propmale>, <propmale> and campbell today  smile "
is bringing <propmale> to school tomorrow and maybe even to dog training  smile 
had a really fun day with <propfirst>   smile 
had a crazy busy day at school  at least it was fun  smile 
is going to the hockey game tonight  smile  lets go braves!
have a happy thanksgiving everyone!  smile  i know i can't wait to have some rice and beans  smile 
is working for the first time at oscars today  smile 
had a pretty awesome day at work  smile 
yay another lazy day of nothing  smile 
is excited for school tomorrow  smile 
just cut <propfirst>'s hair  smile 
is roller skating tomorrow  smile 
so i herd you liek mudkip
is going to the hockey game tonight!
why cant the weekend be here    worst week ever  sad 
has off work again this weeked     i dont know what to do with myself
clipped <propfemale> tonight! she looks marvalous  smile 
is having a really really really good day  smile 
had a lot of fun helping with surgery today  smile 
"put this as your status & see what people rate you -\red= i love you\pink = you're cute\green= you're funny\orange=i like you\   white = i used to like you\yellow= you're amazing\black =i hate you\blue = friends forever\tie dye= you're beautiful\rainbow= i wanna date you"
had a long day    off to work i go
is offically an intern at sight and sound  smile 
is going to a hockey game tonight and then work in the am  smile 
had a fun day at work  boy am i tired!!
got a tour of my internship sight today  smile 
had another fun day of surgery  laugh 
cant freaking wait to see korn and disturbed with my cuz  smile 
so im bored to death   hit me up on skype  smile 
uds and hockey tonight  smile  its gonna be fun  smile 
is going to bed    hopefully tomorrow will go better   
finally has all of her hockey pics edited and ready to send to yr book  smile 
had surgery clinic again today  smile  i think its time for bed
"serriously hates snow -_-\"",2011-01-08 15:49:22""",1abe1df784bc4ef0c97056e939fdd395,had her first day of intership! i cant wait to go back!  smile 
hopes none of the buses get into an accident today since pv are a bunch of morons
wow   what a day    
cant wait for the music as a weapon tour tomorrow  smile  oh how i  love  disturbed
had a great day  smile 
just got a new phone  smile  oh yeah!
had a great day at the mall with <propmale> and <propmale>  smile 
had a great day with <propfemale> baum and <propfemale> baum-cantrell  smile  i love you guys!
internship tomorrow  smile 
is having a blast chilling with mccaws
so happy to be home   worst trip ever  sad 
"all i can say is: great job pequea, your so smart  "
had such a boring day  sad 
is having an awesome day
had an amazing day at sight and sound  laugh 
finds it funny that ctc closed an hour before my sending school did      great job pequea
hasnt gone to school at all this week  smile 
so about how it needs to hurry up and be sunday  sad 
thinks that unless she suddenly becomes a mind reader shes so not going to pass class  
is having funny puppy sitting  smile 
going to a bears game with @uds  smile 
had an interesting clinic day  
got bite by a <propfemale> today   ouch  annoyed 
had a pretty good day  hockey game tonight  smile 
had a lot of fun at work today  laugh 
is on her way to the westminster dog show
had fun at the westminster dog show  smile   laugh 
had to help with an amputation today  it was interesting to say the least   
is at the movies with the twins  smile 
is working till 6  smile 
had fun working <propfirst>'s pet resort of greenfield  laugh 
internship then uds  man i love mondays  laugh 
is having fun with sight and sounds new puppy  smile 
had a fun day in class with <propfemale>  laugh 
got a hair cut today  smile  lab final tomorrow    man am i nervous  
feels <propfemale> much better now that her lab final is over  smile 
just got birds  smile 
is heading out to the pv hockey playoff game with some pretty awesome people
anyone know what time pv's ice hockey game is on thurs?
loves the rain but doesn't really like working in it  annoyed 
is interning then heading to uds  smile 
is so mad she could just scream > sad 
is heading to a bears game with uds then to pv's hockey game  smile 
is heading to sight and sound for internship then to uds  smile 
had a fun time at school today with <propfemale>  love 
is having fun interning at sight and sound  smile 
has to go to school tomorrow    ew
had another great day with <propfemale>! she's such a sweetie  smile 
had a great night with all the dogs and wonderful people at united disabilities services
watched a donkey get castrated today   it was quite the learning e playful irence
is going to that fish place for uds training  laugh 
uds tomorrow  smile 
uds is awesome!
loves sight & sound  smile  even if she did get attacked by a <propfemale> again today  playful 
if anyone knows of any old english sheep dogs that are on a rescue site near here let me know!!
okay mother nature i'm not laughing   
had a great day with <propfemale>  smile  *to bad its gonna be an entire month till i get to work with her again*  sad 
hates prom dress shopping  
just bought a prom dress for $30!  smile 
its just one of thoose days    time for bed
is so excited for work today     sad 
is on her first week of fulltime internship  laugh 
perfect weather to be out at the barn  smile 
uds rocks  smile 
