b52cd88b108b214a516872cc0aa71c52
hay i haz uh gud ideuh  i pertend 2 b kool <propfemale> rely im jus a dork 
this is a rather lousy start to 2011 
ewww! mirrors are so fugly!!!
has vocab sentances that all involve tacos
has a fever
stupid internet has problems  keeps crashing evry 5 mins
lost the game 
got a stupid frickin virus on his computer disguised as a virus scan and closing my browser every five minutes 
stupid frikin virus killed firefox again! dammit!!
got rid of his virus by writing a program on notepad that changd the registry of the computer so he could run the antivirus software 
finished his <propfemale> tale  yes! (and it's funny too)
i have another virus    > annoyed  so friggen annoying!
got a nintendo wii 
rofl http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=kevjoudhhwk
cant believe that <propfirst> thinks that <propfemale> is hotter than zero-suit samus 
forgot to bring vocab words home  how the heck am i supposed to write the story now?
is gonna go to bed  g'night 
is working on push blocks 2 
wonders why the hell his internet is so slow!
is working very hard on making a video game
its hard to make puzzle game levels 
is pissed off!
we are gonna play d&d  we need a nerd who can be a serious dugeon master 
damn it!
the play is over    thank god!
saw kickass!
"is working on ouch 2, finally "
lost the game
accidently knocked down a birds nest breaking the eggs  =| i feelz bad 
is so hungry but its so uncomfortable to eat because of this stomachache!
"forgot to turn chat to offline before going to martial arts, making my friends think that i was available to chat for 2 1 2 hours "
's dsi broke     sad 
stupid slow internet!
frogger is awesome!
lost the game again!
never use a preposition to end a sentance with 
don't never use double negatives 
never do today what you can put off until tomorow
verbs has to agree with their subjects 
omg im getting so fat! i weigh 100 pounds now!
your writing will be poorly if you misuse adverbs 
be more or less specific 
"when typing, check if you've accidently repeated repeated words "
it is wrong to ever split an infinitive 
sprained his hand 
only use apostrophe's if the subject is posessive 
aaahhh! getting soap in your bloodstream is not fun!
exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement 
is at the circle school picnic but is so bored!!!
the bay trip was fun!
there are only like    6 people at school because today is an optional day 
im so friggen bored!!
hullah to all ya
just disected a shark  it was fricken disgusting 
hates being hyper!!!
had a run-in with darrian today   
hey does anybody know if there are busses tomorrow?
had another encounter with darrian 
feels sick   
cant sleep    
just got unlimited texting!!!!!!!!
is very very sad right now  ='c
got new super <propfirst> bros wii 
thinks that sitting in the car for three hours is somewhat boring 
is re-learning the piano!
gaw! my brother is so friggen annoying!!
twitter is for twits  get it?
just learned a new song on the piano 
what'cha doin?
writer's block!
happy 4th of july
feels like a dumbass   
stayed up till 3    woke up at 9  how is this possible?
beat tetris with the starting level set to 7 
some people have strong antipathy for large words  they believe that ambiguousness ensures when supposedly incomprehendable combinations of letters can confuse people  i think that their intellegence is so miniscule that they have strong animosity toward these words because they cant comprehend them 
you're a towel!
good night everyone! =9
is hungry but doesn't want to eat 
any ideas for ouch v2 0?
"hey can someone, anyone plz text me? i cant get on fb cuz my brothers on the computer, so im rly bored  my number is 717-712-8014 "
is going blueberry picking 
is done blueberry picking 
cant wait till august 3rd! gaw!
just got all 120 stars in super <propfirst> galaxy!!!!
zomg check this out http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=4qswffuyzyi&feature=player_embedded best lego animation ever!
it sure is a dissapointment getting all of the <propfemale> coins in world 9 in new super <propfirst> bros  wii 
"never do today what you can put off until tomorrow, because tomorrow, you might mot have to do it "
butterflies taste    with their feet!
does not particularly like sitting there waiting for the movie to start 
gaw chat is being dumb again  it keeps disagreeing with itself and not popping up when i click it at times 
loves fb txt message 
"is at a baseball game and its pouring, and one team forfit  how am i gonna get back to the car?"
stuck at the ballpark during an awesome thunderstorm 
made it to the car! now im in for an hour drive while soaking wet  fun!
why       won't         august      3rd        arrive      faster??!!? >=e
the ferret song http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=bnzzjelbfri
watch! its so awesome! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=bnzzjelbfri
is thinking     
"just woke up, now cutting the grass "
has another computer virus  i need to use the shared computer now 
will probably see inception today 
"after seeing inception, i don't want to fall asleep "
is afraid to fall asleep 
"ok it was 1 surprise 0 when this happend \\(while puting a <propfemale> in a <propfemale> box) true: it wont go in!\jimi: thats what she said!\guy behind counter at mcdonalds at the mall: woah! are'nt you a bit young for that?\   mike jimi true matthew: cracking up, laughing histaricly!"
just had an une playful ected sleepover party   
damn damn damn damn damn damn damn damn damn!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=j2ls7xmdwtq&feature=related
"is making my games cds again  you can buy them for as much as you think they're worth  compatible with windows  playful  thru 7, and its an installation cd  thank you!"
"netflix shipped kick-ass to my house! estimated arrival is august 3rd! tomorrow!!! i can't wait! when i get it, i'm gonna watch it like, a billion times!"
"if anyone wants to buy a genuine gamesfromtheeast cd, don't be shy! name your price, and i will accept any amount  the video games were mainly made by me, with some help from some friends  thank you, i really appreciate it!"
"hey everyone who cares! i need inspiration, so please inspire me to work on my newest project - <propmale> the rock  i need support and ideas "
"just got the board game \dirty mind\""  i can't wait to play it!"""
"wow! my video game that i am making, <propmale> the rock is turning out great! i started making world 3 and it looks awesome  thank you all for your support "
has kick-ass! holy crap im so friggen happy!
so friggen caffinated im so hyper! hyujedfriyhgedhfrtgyedhswydtfeyhwytfdxyehrftg! button mashing! gaw im hyper! 8o
is soooo hyper in the car! i am being so friggen annoying and i cant stop myself! aaahhh!
"if i get this hyper from drinking 3 glasses of dr pepper, what will happen if i had 3 glasses of mountain dew?"
dang im a mess right now   
"finally fixed the one very <propmale> annoying glitch in ptr (<propmale> the rock)  it took forever, but it works great! yes!"
is bored  what's up with you?
gaw! i hate not being home! now i cant <propfemale> out with friends for two weeks!
answered a question on friend facts™
"im going to bed, but i will still have my phone, so you can text me or comment on my status  to contact me "
like this status if you like liking like related likable statuses 
stayed up till 5    now i feel awful 
"is about to go to a baseball game  to contact me (not that anyone really wants to), you can text me or comment on my status "
"really wants to text people, but i don't want to bug them  how do i know if i'm bugging them or not?"
w00t! the state college spikes won the baseball game!!!!! x-)
http annoyed  www youtube com user nigahiga#p u 15 cbfr_fudrli funny 
http annoyed  www youtube com user nigahiga#p search 0 fhb89v43kwc increase your vocabulary 
"hey, does anyone want to play me in a game of ping-pong? i betcha i'll win! now if only i had a ping-pong table   "
noo! ='( dangit! ='c
i'm gonna be home on monday  yes!
is at moms house again 
ofto
being at my mom's house is really boring   
 sad 
"aahh, my voice is really starting to tick me off "
where did all of my inspiration go? =c
"okay, so i seriously need someone to help work on my game  i will put you in the credits if you help  i need ideas, level scenarios, and a source of significant inspiration  the game is called <propmale> the rock and i made world three, which is a factory world  so to those of you who care, if you want to help, thanks!"
sad sad sad  why do my emotions have to be so sensitive?
"shit, my laptop's casing is melting "
hates it when i have no one to talk to!
i cried myself to sleep last night     its not too fun 
"okay everyone who cares  i'm going to the beach, and i won't be bringing my computer or my phone, so you cannot contact me until next saturday  bye-bye!"
"well, im in the car, on my way it the beach  i wont be having my phone on, so unless you text me within the next 2 and a half hours, i wont answer til saturday "
"okay, you can text me because my family decided that i can text during the trip "
"who's online, and who wants to talk to me? it would be great if i had someone to talk to "
"has alway wanted 2 do something gr8, but what can i do? i would like to make a game, but how can i make something that can compete with games like wow? meh     "
is a creeper because you cant tell whether he is online or not  > laugh 
has been sad for days now  im so glad i have friends 
"my phone's keyboard is broken, so im forced to use quicktext  i can pretty much only answer yes or no questions  i will tell you if i cant answer a question "
awwz  
why can't i think right? im going crazy!
"hates his brother so much! he intrudes my privacy, meses with my stuff, gives me wise guy advice, and is constantly on my case! i hate him! i want my own room!!"
"loves texting people, but i hate feeling like i'm bugging people  everyone, be <propfirst> and tell me when i'm annoying you with my incessent text messages "
"aww   i just realized, ive spent almost half of august doing stuff i didnt want to do "
this is the worst i have felt since      yesterday 
"alright, who's gonna betray me? i know that one of my friends will in my lifetime, it happens to everybody  but who will be the one who betrays me? i wonder   "
finally back!
boredom is powerfull 
"okay, read this whole thing because it is funny, and its a true scenario \<propfirst> <propmale> bower, <propfirst> eisenstein, and jimi eisenstein were at mama's pizza  a guy and a girl come up to us and ask for a dollar  <propfirst> gives them a dollar  we sit down outside and jimi goes in with <propfirst>'s money to get him a drink  continued in the comments   "
ooooh! big words!!!
aww man    im sad once again 
happy again!
ofto
whats the difference between a sandwich and a dead baby? i don't eat sandwiches for breakfast 
what's the difference between a sleeping bag and a dead baby? i don't have a sleeping bag in my closet 
"yknow, i have always wanted to \like\"" my own status """
ofto
"cmonnnn    something interesting needs to happen or else i'm gonna be bored    ooo, a text!"
omg everyone's online 
"when people call me ugly i don't care, because we all know that i'm super sexy  ofto"
"teacher: nothing will go airborne in this classroom  that includes pencils, crumpled up paper, and other students  me: daaahhahahahaha!!! haha! ha! dhahaha!"
cheese is made of magic 
2nd day of school 
"oh my gosh, im so freaked out now im so so scared!! help! i have good reasons for being scared  its hard to e playful lain  you can call or text me about it if u want "
3rd day of school 
have you ever noticed that it's way easier to flame people on the internet than it is in real life?
hates night time 
"hey, look, a facebook status "
no one at all is on facebook atm 
"hey, look, a status "
no texts yet today   
"another day, another step towards death "
ouch   
so overwhelmed    =6
homework is so overrated 
http annoyed  www newsgd com citiesandtowns foshan news 200612180029 htm
"nobody's perfect  i am a nobody, therefore     "
"if i could change i would, take back the pain i would, retrace every wrong move that i made i would, if i could stand up and take the blame i would, i would take all my shame to the grave "
hmm    i'm bored  what is something utterly useless that i can waste all my money on that will have no relevance in the grand scheme of my life?
"copythis to your status, and see what people rate you   (1) crazy (2) wishwe wentout (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) sexy (7)strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) wild (12) goofy (13)funny (14) awesomely awesome (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) cute (1 smile       drama    queen (19) best-friend     comment and tell me"
i need a life  i need something to live for other than just surviving  lets see    what can i do that's beneficial to society that most people are incapable of doing?
"oh god   it just dawned on me, my life is real  i can't click edit>undo or ctrl+z or     http annoyed  yearbook com a n4rdq?ref=nf"
"okay everyone, i am tired of not being myself  i originally stopped bring myself because i was dissatisfied with my personality, but this is even worse  i am even more dissatisfied, and i'm stressed out  no more pretending, i am never going to be anyone other than myself ever!"
"you and me, baby ain't nothin' but mammals, so lets do it like they do on the discovery channel "
no one ever really talks to me anymore =|
"ah   for once in my life, i'm not feeling completely miserable "
this    this is great! i feel    happy! i haven't felt this way since i found out about the nintendo 3ds!
"ahh, i love life "
"\that was uncalled for \"" \""your face is uncalled for!\"""""
i think i want to be a psychiatrist 
"magnificent awesome radical vivid excellent likable outstanding uber stupendous, or marvelous for short "
"ah, a headache  haven't gotten one of those since    sunday "
goodnight
"damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn!"
"aah, i hate me "
twitter is for twits!
oh shii    take mushrooms
aaaaa!!! noooooooo!!! i just made some awesome sprites for my game and the program crashed before i could save it!!!!
is starting to make computer games again!!!!
maaaatttt get the fuck on facebook so i can ask for teh vocab wordz!
i really want to be a better person  i'm not good enough to be satisfied with myself 
goodnightz
"wow, i know more than i thought "
good morning!
"well, being home alone for the weekend was fun!! i had plenty of time for porn-i mean what who said that?"
"i feel bad   i haven't made a significant positive change in anyone's life  if people say that i have, what did i do? i can't do anything great "
d':
ahh!  smile 
"sometimes i want to copy someones status, word for word, and see if they notice"
heh   heh   hey wanna hear a joke? yeah of course you do  why did the mushroom    get invited to all the parties?   heheh    cuz   he was a fun guy!!!  get it? fungi? laugh  laugh because it's funny 
"some people say i'm really spacey, but i call it vastly profound "
"baboons ask \why\"" questions a lot """
 annoyed 
<propfemale> thanksgiving!!! now im getting off bye 
gaw!
i am thankful for my pessimistic attitude 
"don't sweat the petty things, and don't pet the sweaty things "
"a brick wall is blocking your way, and all you have is a sledge hammer  well, you can't stop progress "
"change\your fb profile picture to a cartoonfrom your childhood  the goal? to\not see a human face on fb untilmonday, december 6th  join the fight\against child abuse…copy &paste to your status to invite your\friends to do the same  raisingawareness works  11 16 10?"
"wow the dance was so libidinous and awesome! *new song*\everyone: \aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!\""  laugh  wow it was the best party evah!! i was loaded with caffiene  the crash is gonna be fatiguing """
"who wins, a poor and happy person or a <propmale> and unhappy person?"
i feel meh right now   
some people keep noting the fact that i'm asian  i keep noting the fact that i'm a freak  same difference  <--- oxymoron there 
my balls itch  
gah    no one i can talk to understands me 
go
"what's a party without me? a suckish party, that's what "
do you know which animal always asks why? a pig does 
i'm a wannabe poser 
shii---take mushrooms 
i'm not an idiot  i'm a moron  get it right  gaw!
"i'm not weird, i'm just regularly challenged "
"roh, rah, ree! kick him in the knee! roh rah rass! kick him in the     other knee!"
"ooo! a piece of candy!\   from a stranger!\   in a dark alley!\   at midnight!\yay!!  laugh "
"i have a question for you all \how's your mom?! hahahahaha!!!!!  laugh "
why am i so angry? no one ever did anything wrong that i know of 
joe: let's have a keeping eyes closed contest! whoever opens their eyes loses \\nsteve: ok *closes eyes*\\njoe: *ditches* sucker!
you can't stop progress  unless you have a gun 
\honey," why is the baby on fire?\""\"b52cd88b108b214a516872cc0aa71c52,cave story is so   friggen   hard  
ouwch!
i just updated my facebook status  again 
i think i'm gonna quit game maker  
"this day has been going downhill  first i get eight people in my class in trouble, then i almost go deaf on my right ear, then i lose all my money in a bet, now my brother is being a douche "
"why is it called \after dark\"" when it really is \""after light\""?"""
meh 
gaw why do i crave attention so much? others don't seem to need it as much as i do 
yyyyyyeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
holy flacking furbies im getting a 3ds the day it comes out!
if it weren't for facebook    then we'd all be on myspace! that would make us losers! wow! i'm glad we have facebook 
y u r in my countri?
"<propmale> tried to make a peanutbutter and jelly sandwich, but he messed up "
i love philosophy 
"wow, stupid people really bring my piss to a boil "
gaw i want my brothers out of my life!!
herp derp!
omgomgomg the wildy in runescape is back
runescaaaapppe
"\i did you mom!\""\",b52cd88b108b214a516872cc0aa71c52,"okay, well apparently it's a bad thing to have friends "
"cheaters win, but don't succeed  winners cheat and do succeed "
"nuh uh!\yeah huh!\nun uhh!\yeah   huuuuuuuuuhhhh!"
"so then i was like \daaaauuugghhhh!!\"" and they were like \""dhrooooooo!\"" and i was like \""draaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhgggghh!!!!!!\"""""
text beatboxing! pruth brthpth tzz prthbth prghprgh prthbp pruth tzz
the rubikth cube isth noth a toy! ith a 3d cube puthle!
<propfemale> vu
"\i can't fix that!\""\",b52cd88b108b214a516872cc0aa71c52,omigodomigodomiigod!
what do football players put their salads in? a superbowl! ha!
"i hate categorizing people as \cool\"" or \""douche\"" or \""fag\"" people are people! adurr!"""
runescape!
omg my camera iz awsom!
my <propmale> is bigger than calebs!!!!!
my last status was accidental 
fact: sleeping on your back is more likely to cause morning wood than sleeping on your side 
"looks are the only thing that matters in life  if you're ugly, you automatically suck!"
"\ """
why do some people love valentines day and some people deeply despise it? i don't have that much of an opinion on it 
"why am i such a loser?\\because you suck!\""\",b52cd88b108b214a516872cc0aa71c52,"\why am i so sad?!\""\",b52cd88b108b214a516872cc0aa71c52,therapists     the rapists   
