eb9ed26ff78a661be478995b91ad7928
thanks everyone   you know who you are   smile 
18
exercise = tired   but in a good way 
fun and interesting day 
going to play tennis 
likes exercise
going to watch the new transformers later 
waiting on some chocolate to freeze   smile 
bang your head like a gong cause its filled with all wrong! a-ha-ha! klang klang klang!
loves muse 
i think i'm drowning asphyxiated i wanna break this spell you've created you're something beautiful a contradiction i wanna play the game i want the friction
don't be afraid what your mind consumes you should make a stand stand up for what you believe 
"and we got sea legs  and we're off tonight  they can't have that to which they've no right  you belong to a simpler time  i'm a victim to the impact of these words,  and this rhyme "
just went for a night run  smile 
going for a run at ten   smile 
night runs = fun  smile 
running
going for a night run  smile 
running   
done running  10+ <propmale>
about time for a night run!
done with my night run   smile 
orientation tomorrow!!!
i know why i'm so excited!!!
back from orientation
i love <propfirst> mayer   in a straight way
someday i'll fly someday i'll soar someday i'll be so damn much more cause i'm bigger than my body gives me credit for
in your atmosphere
listening to some <propfirst> mayer   smile 
all the day holiday
tennis
going to play some tennis soon 
the sun burnt me 
iron & wine
all the day holiday
who's seen jezebel?
"when you play late night facebook games that have chat, you get hit on by creepers   i found this out the hard way  haha"
"ready for college, 14 more days   "
"folding some clothes!  smile  yes, i do enjoy it   "
going to watch some girl's soccer 
i want to play tennis
"next sunday, at this time, i will have already been moved into osu!!!"
us open!  smile 
"<propmale> potro kicked nadal's butt! 6-2, 6-2, and 6-2"
federer is just too darn good   
congrats to <propmale> potro on winning the us open!
sunday seems so far away
"today, tomorrow, friday, saturday, then move in day!!!"
"finally, my laptop came "
sunday is almost here!!
i'm ready for tomorrow to be here!
i'm moved in to osu!!!
i'm loving osu! about to sit in my room and wait for a fire drill to come and go 
"so the fire alarms here are not so loud, but they are very annoying "
first class at 8 smile 0 tomorrow 
kings of <propfirst> concert soon
back from the kings of <propfirst> concert! i loved it!!
college makes me lazy
"yay, i finally worked out during college!"
"oh rain, you should die "
i love naps!
i may be in love with the rpac
yay for waking up super late
"i just finished beating the original <propfirst> hawk pro skater, with every player  oh the things i do in college   "
good night
i enjoy sitting in the grass and listening to music before math class  it brightens my day 
psychology e playful eriments are a <propmale> annoying 
just finished scheduling classes! now i'm going back to sleep 
"<propfirst> mayer, battle studies!!"
just shot the <propfemale>!!!
what do you get for going to psych lecture the day thanksgiving break starts?    candy!
"back in morrill, had a wonderful break"
"chemistry, i hate you "
good night
"i'm sorry everyone, but you should be just a <propmale> jealous of me  i just purchased something pretty amazing!"
"i'm done with finals, now it is time for sleep "
clouds of sulfur in the air bombs are falling everwhere it's heartbreak warfare   march needs to get here faster!
<propfemale> canes!!!
"some of us, we're hardly ever here the rest of us, we're born to disappear how do i stop myself from being just a number how will i hold my head to keep from going under"
what's a christmas gram?!? i want one!!!
"\i will name him squishy  and he will be my squishy   ow! bad squishy!!!\"""""
doing something i do all the time   listening to <propfirst> mayer   smile 
i want to live in the center of a circle  i want to live on the side of a square
to my facebook profile: i do not enjoy you as much as i enjoy my twitter account  i only get on you to check if i have more friends requests from people i probably will never talk to  have a good day  that is all
i love black licorice
"one final left, then summer!"
7 smile 0-9:18am: biology exam  9:18 surprise 1 summer
summer is here but i still feel like poo
"killer whales are awesome, they kill great white sharks "
"yo <propmale> roddick, win this match "
"everybody wants to be a cat, because a cat's the only cat who knows where it's at"
<propfirst> mayer tonight with <propfemale> butler!!!!
juggling is the best!
its time to juggle!
i've been watching tennis and juggling all day  good day
i woke up before eleven   whoa
"wow, i sure do love the construction outside that took the hot water and is now right outside the window being loud, yay! not   "
darn you <propmale> roddick   
juggle juggle juggle juggle juggle
everything comes down to poo
roddick    
peanut butter makes me happy
in <propfemale>!
"call it education it was somewhere in between\\you gave me some sound advice but i wasn't listening"
i like to sneeze
"nooooooo, google is back to normal! sad day"
gael monfils makes tennis somehow even more enjoyable to watch 
just ate a whole package of ritz crackers  delicious
"tennis  nadal, you are amazing"
going to be back in <propmale> at noon tomorrow
"just got back from <propfemale> garden  set a new record for our server   five bowls of pasta  oh, and the salad and bread sticks  i'm full i guess "
going to play some sand volleyball at six!
back at osu!!!
first class of the quarter soon 
listening to thrice and reading some biochemistry  not a bad start to the day
i love poop  smile 
mondayssssss
"sleeeeppppp  work in four hours, followed by exam at 12 smile 0  sad day"
its friday and all i want to do is sleep  tough week
http annoyed  www askmehelpdesk com attachments humor-comedy 27102d1259817482-few-funnies-funny-pictures-cat-disguised-rabbit jpg
http annoyed  www stumbleupon com su 1ioqsi www thrillist com pics hippoeatsdwarf jpg
http annoyed  www stumbleupon com su 23mjdi www metacafe com watch 2010212 funny_hugh_laurie_stephen_fry_comedy_sketch_your_name_sir 
cleaning night
starting the day off with some colour revolt
"i'm not sure which of my friends on here started playing snake first, but it started a little chain reaction of people playing snake  now i continue to lose valuable studying time to snake   "
"attention, if you are playing snake and your score is around oh, i don't know, 1300+ do not plug your charger in! it will restart your game  i just wasted over half an hour "
i love snake
raising your voice: the next best thing to being right 
its cold   really cold
there is a great need for a sarcasm font 
whoops! i just woke up
i want to play hacky sack
i like to eat nutella straight out of the jar
someone should pay me to do the useless things that i do all day   because that would make life wonderful 
just took a biochem exam   i get really angry when i check my notes after an exam to find out that i wrote the opposite of what i needed   
i hate winter quarter
but i don't want to study for finalssss
nutella + animal crackers = delicious
but i don't want to be a pirate!
i love good and plenty
cell phone is broken
