11d6c915ea04d1ccb1df55c35f03279f
"favorite phrase of the day: \i'd rather be a destination than a layover\"" ha!"""
needs a break from work fur sure
is going to the midnight showing of transformers !  annoyed 
is sad  time for a nap!
is having 4th meal  my insides are going to hate me!
is headed to astoria to kick with her big bro all weekend!
no tengo sueno 
is swagger with the latest threads from adidas  god i love new running clothes!
"wanted to stay in bed all day today, eating french toast, fresh raspberries and watching the 1st season of seinfeld  can i go back to bed please?!"
has a broken ipod !!!  crying 
does anyone know anything about new ipods coming out this fall?
is going to be at the alibi tonight!  smile 
fried pickles are soooo good! yum 
is out of her element and super stressed 
"a delightful day filled with strain counter strain and massage trades  being friends with chiropractors, physical therapists and massage therapists is so cool!"
i wish the goblins would come and take you away   right now!
headed to seattle! to dance my ass off!!!  smile )))))))) smile )))))))) smile )))))))
bellingham: here i come!!!
was surprised with groceries this morning!!!! how romantic!  love 
"is addicted, to endorphins "
is summer over yet?! this is not ideal running weather  fall! come to mama!
oregon burrito -meat + sour cream = heaven
"aaaahh! turn it off man, turn it off! it's sucking my will to live! oh, the humanity!"
is going to see <propfirst> cross tonight!!!  laugh 
homemade soup! mama <propmale> iz de best!  smile 
massage the rapist
"did i forget to mention that i absolutely love what i do for a living!!!? if everyone received massages on a regular basis, the world would be a much happier place  smile "
going on a run  first time in months      annoyed 
call of duty is ruining my life 
is going to clean on her day off  what a surprise!
anybody wanna karaoke tonight? not sure where yet but get at me  smile 
"office christmas party tomorrow evening  rumor: karaoke machine will be involved, if so i'd be in heaven  lol can't wait "
is mrs  angry toast today!!! errrghhh    
charylie is randomly tearing up the trumpet at east burn with the band  love that girl   
sippin' on gin and juice!  wink 
went on a jolly jog around lacamas lake and there were so many individuals both <propfemale> tots and <propfemale> oldies out on the trails today in the rain and muck  rad!
"been on a doogie howser m d  kick thanks to hulu com  man, what a great show!"
"kept thinking it was sunday all day, because i went to church today  bahahaha!!!"
worked a 9hr massage day  who wants to give me a massage!? oh boy    
home made french fries: fail
someone is supposed to bring me home a kitten today  let's see if he follows through!
macgruberrrr!!!! lol  awesome 
gonna make a wine cork coarkboard  yeah!
whyyyy do i have finding nemo soundtrack in my itunes?!  remove! lol
"coming home to a vase full of roses, a glass of red wine and my sweetheart making me dinner just because  so romantical!  love   love   love "
"whenever i date a guy, i think, is this the man that i want my children to spend their weekends with?"
im all about savory in the morning   
"sippin' on coconut tea, made in my fancy cast iron tea pot and waiting  for my cinnamon buns to cook and just hanging out in my granny panties     what a marvelous morning!"
"i don't care what anyone thinks  i love <propmale> schneider in \hot chick \"" lawlz every time!"""
<propfirst> finally died today  crying 
anyone have any dermatologist recommendations in the portland vancouver area?
i love when my boyfriend goes hiking without me     not
any recommendations for affordable but good quality everyday kitchen knives?
grocery shopping with <propmale> is always a nightmare 
anyone in facebook land want vegan cheddar cheese? would hate to throw it away  annoyed 
that's what i get for waiting too long to get gas   shit
y
we got an electric wine opener and kitchen knives from my phc office party   score!
only <propmale> would slice his eyebrow open with an electric wine opener on the first try     now that's skillz
"any ladies interested in playing bunco, starting in <propfirst>? we need a few more gals and could always use subs  get at me girrrrrls!"
why am i not excited to go to zoo lights? bah humbug   
"perfect lazy sunday  watching christmas vacation in bed, breakfast in bed   not gonna move for a while "
everyone better show up for their massages today!
i hate being in public in my scrubs     i feel like i'm in a frikken potato sack  and i swear people treat me like i'm a bum  so tacky  ahhh!!! i hate scrubs!!!!!!
"i let curiosity get the best of me and watched the entirety of the human centipede  haha, i must be sick, it made me laugh at how insanely disturbing it was  now i have to try and sleep  annoyed "
4 a m  pizza rolls?! yesssss! i think so!
at a party listening to guys effing talk about playing call of duty makes me want to punch a baby!
gin
the accident on the 205 bridge is really screwing me over  patients are really late and or canceling on me  grrrr    i want my $$$!
