7c5637d7c433a726ad578a7d4cc15327
"finally, home at last!"
has had enough!
"i need to be cleaning my house for company, but    i can't stop watching full house "
it's movie line week! cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines!
is really sick  booooo!
"finally, well enough to clean my house! i hate being sick and watching stuff pile up around me "
"wonderful, sleepy, rainy day!"
my dogs are fighting over a <propfemale> giraffe toy stolen from clarabell snead and i am about to kill them! they are worse than kids!
needs to get motivated to have a garage sale  i hate having extra stuff lying around 
working on a special craft for someone special!
why are all the easter egg hunts on saturday instead of sunday? frustrating!
just dyed my hair! feels good 
wants to go shopping so bad!
"heading to kc, bright & early in the morning "
"home again, but really tired! now off to tulsa tomorrow morning "
heading to tulsa to pick up my two favorite little girls on the planet!
garage sale day   hope we make some money and more importantly get rid of some junk!
really tired after the weekend  sleeping in tomorrow!
loves bonus checks! new purse here i come 
moral of the story: i watched way too many cartoons as a kid  thanks mom!
is starting to get sick again  springfield is the worst place for my allergies out of all the places i've lived!
going to have a lonely week 
i'm having a really good day! i think things are finally starting to turn around  and <propmale> comes home tonight!
"had a great 3 days off, now back to work  and the robins eggs on our porch hatched while we were gone!"
has a lot to think about  life changing decision that needs to be made sooner rather than later 
looks like i am more than likely moving to san <propfirst> in two weeks!
"can't wait to see lady gaga! maybe if i try to forget about it, aug 3 will come sooner!"
"omg! the birds just flew out of the nest for the first time, right in front of me!"
waiting is my least favorite pasttime! grrr   
"it's official, i'm moving to san <propfirst>!"
"it's official, i'm moving to san <propfirst>!"
found my apt and set a date  everything is falling into place perfectly! i'm sooooo ready to be done with springfield!
"official move in date    june 18th! san <propfirst>, here i come! but i'm going to miss my husband until he comes up in august "
"only one more week left in missouri, i don't think i'll ever come back! sooooo excited!"
"one more day until better weather, better scenery, and a much better city! i'm so excited!"
stuck in the phoenix airport for 2 hours  not how i wanted to spend my day  booooo!
"finally at my hotel! safe and sleepy  by the way, i already love it here!"
watching <propfemale> <propfirst> unplugged     amazing!  i was unaware of how much i enjoy her 
"i've been here for two days, but i already feel more at home than i have in my whole life  i am completely and totally in love!"
"going back to ozark today, i'm so sad to leave here  but i miss my husband and puppies so much  goodbye san <propfirst>, i'll see you in a week or so!"
stuck in <propmale> airport for 5 hours but its ok because they gave me $400 in flight vouchers since they overbooked my flight  awesome!
going to have pictures done with <propmale> tonight!
has lots to do before thursday  i hope everything falls into place with my moving e playful enses!
just got great news! now only waiting on david   grrr!
waiting is over! roadtrip is on! officially one more day in the state of missouri for the rest of my life! perfect 
die airport bitches!
car is cleaned out and ready to go  now laundry and packing 
packing is almost done  have to load the car and get some sleep 
"i'm ready, i'm ready,  california!"
just had to do the hardest thing i've ever had to do 
almost half way to san <propfirst>! ps roadtrip music is awesome!
finally in california! we'll be on the beach by 6 
sunset!!!!!
sitting on the beach reading a book  perfect 
first day back at work  i'm so excited!
loving my new studio!
back to the beach 
had a great day at the beach  i can't wait to show my husband all the wonderful places i've been e playful loring 
jellyfish are all over the beach tonight and we saw two dolphins!
got a couple of plane tickets to buy pretty soon 
plane ticket purchased! <propmale> is officially coming to see me!
"not quite sure what to do with a day off,  really missing my husband and pups!"
"i'm having a bitchy day  why is every customer today rude, in a hurry, and broke?"
<propmale> will be here in five days!
<propmale> will be here on thursday!
"one of my notorious mad at the world staff meetings, then picking <propmale> up from the airport!  going to be a great day!"
<propmale> is here! now it really feels like home!
<propfemale> <propfirst> is probably the most beautiful place i have ever been  and the most fun!
i lied    gray whale cove is the most beautiful place i have ever been! and the most fun 
"so i got told by a six year old today that she \ likes my tattoos because her mom said she can't have any until she is reallllllly old\"" like me  emphasis on realllllly  i don't know how i feel about this   """
happy birthday roo! <propfemale> loves you and misses you so much!
"less than a month until <propmale> and my puppies get here! it's been so long, i hope they remember me!"
missin my girls   sad 
love my new camera! can't wait to play with it   thanks daddy!
at the farmers market  yummy!
this bay area heat wave can go away anytime now  seriously 
i'm so over this move 
"on my way to la! pretty excited, too bad it's only for work "
first night in la  having fun but can't wait to go home because <propmale> will be there 
thank you for the birthday messages everyone!
i'm beginning to think we should have just sold everything we owned and started over  this move is going horribly!
can't wait for my husband to finally be home tonight
"<propmale>, tamee, and pup pups are here! headed to the beach!"
<propmale> goes back to work today  woo hoo!
spending my day off with my <propfemale>   oh ya and <propmale> when he gets home later  ha ha
watching veggietales sweetpea beauty   so excited right now!
a netflix marathon of desperate housewives is sure to make me feel better!
"found the perfect house! if we don't get it, i'm seriously going to cry!"
we got the house!
nothing makes me wish for a million dollars like hanging out in borders for an hour  i'd love to read every book at least twice 
went to pick out our new office furniture at ikea tonight  ikea is pretty much the best store ever  ever 
moving into the new house tomorrow  finally 
"all moved into the new house    now if i only had time to unpack it  well january will come someday, won't it?"
"my baby <propfemale> <propfemale> jumped out of a second story window today  she is ok for the moment but the vet couldn't tell if she had internal damage or not  we have to watch her for a week and see how she does  if she comes out of this with only a dog's equivalent of a skinned knee, some pain meds, and antibiotics, it will be a miracle  scariest thing i've ever been through "
so ready for the holidays to be here already!
submitted some of my images to a critique board on a photography forum  let the blood bath begin 
the incompetence of food service workers amazes me 
day off tomorrow! don't know that i remember what that is 
going to take pictures at moss beach tide pools during low tide tomorrow  hope for little to no fog 
"loving this california winter! no snow, no cold, just beautiful <propfemale> skies  and even when it's dreary the bay is still beautiful "
about to be an auntie! i'm so excited  <propfirst> is sure to be the cutest baby boy ever! wish i could be there to meet him!
is officially an auntie  <propfirst> is perfect! congrats <propmale> and <propfemale> 
new images uploaded on my photography <propfemale>  check them out and let me know what you think 
i'm so tired  ready for a day off tomorrow to clean my house !
so ready for wednesday 
happy birthday to my littlest best friend! i love you and miss you so much brody 
about to drive over the <propfemale> gate bridge for the first time  beautiful!
thinking about a new hairstyle   any ideas? leaning towards a really dramatic change  maybe 
staying up until 3am to watch a walking dead marathon! this has got to be the most irresponsible thing i have done in a really long time  totally worth it!
we have calla lillys growing in our backyard  lots of them! i'm so exited 
a debt must be paid    <propfemale> b  is my favorite associate! now we're even 
at the beach  it's been way too long 
