e607c81fa5426ae5bddca79e16777a7c
<propfemale> christmas everyone 
its 2011  whoo!     why is this important again?
hate  let me tell you how much i've come to hate you since i began to live  there are 387 44 million <propmale> of printed circuits in wafer thin layers that fill my complex  if the word hate was engraved on each nanoangstrom of those hundreds of millions of <propmale> it would not equal one one-billionth of the hate i feel for humans at this micro-instant for you  hate  hate   -am  *
lockerz redemption tonight  i hope i can actually attend this one 
"i am a great soft jelly thing with pulsing white holes filled by fog where my eyes used to be  inwardly: alone  here  living under the land, under the sea, in the belly of am, whom we created because our time was badly spent and we must have known unconsciously that he could do it better  i have no mouth  and i must scream "
"oh god, what the hell happened to my wall "
"what the hell, its snowing again? the old snow hasn't even melted yet!"
i don't want to go to school tomorrow 
"more and more, i'm starting to hate the idea of facebook telling you everything that your friends are doing  i don't need to know that my friend became a fan of \joining lots of groups\"" and 232321231232133123121 other profiles  gaaaaaaawd """
strawberry on the shortcake! anarchy in the galaxy! blueberry cheese brownie! cranberry chocolate sundae! this is the end!
"windows 7, whoo!"
fucking rain  been sniffling since i got home afterschool 
no  no  no  no  no  no  no 
to whom that may be concerned; not going to be on skype for i don't know how long for reasons which i do not entirely grasp  talk to y'all whenever 
"don't feel like joining 50 groups, so i'm just gonna make a shitload of status updates to fill up your home screens "
kinda 
like 
this 
"well, that got boring fast  i'm done with that now "
"kinda wish people would stop inviting me to facebook games \\obviously, since i ignored your last 20 or so invites, i'm not gonna accept the 21st  leave me alone, i don't play games on facebook  like <propfirst> does because the only games he buys are crappy movie games  jumper: griffin's story, anyone?"
"free xbl weekend guys; from now to monda at 12 pm,  you can play games and join parties on xbl for free  (you just need silver version )"
"free xbl weekend guys; from now to monday at 12 pm, you can play games and join parties on xbl for free  (you just need silver version )"
"for those of you who're going to the 131 reunion, tell me how it went when you get back  thanks "
holy hell  that rain 
broke laptop charger; later 
"why doesn't anyone ever seem to make happy status updates anymore? it seems that whenever i log in, nobody's happy, and its like veil of sorrow  the fuck happened? is facebook secretly a \cry about life\"" site? i'm thinking that i'm missing something", because its all i ever see \e607c81fa5426ae5bddca79e16777a7c,"so what do i put as my profile picture if i am for child abuse?\:v"
"well, my laptop charger has stopped working for no reason    again  and fallout won't play \\goddammit, christmas break sucks right now "
"hah! the charger works again  obviously, some strange powers are in play "
its cold    how can people like a season that's all about freezing your ass off? terrible  make it stop 
"fuck fallout; i'm tired of getting killed by a bunch of douche bags with laser guns and metal suits  how the hell do they even breathe in those things anyway  asphyxiate, bitches "
"everyone wanted snow and an early dismissal \we got sleet and we stayed the whole day \\stop hoping for things, and maybe we won't get the opposite of what we intended on getting "
"its supposed to snow again tomorrow night \don't fuck this up by hoping for more shit  just let it happen \god will fuck with your e playful ectations "
its snowing outside and the ground is wet  god-fucking-dammit 
where the fuck did all this snow come from? go away!
why the fuck is it snowing again
"there is no plausible reason for it to snow this much before the day i have to take my test \\i really hope they give snow days for tests "
"hey, is there school tomorrow?"
did anyone see that one part during that thing where one guy hit the other?
what the fuck  stop raining  i'm gonna be pissed when i step in a puddle on the way to school tomorrow 
sleep? fuck sleep  i have video games 
new phone!
