b5ba133735d57325bb1b77a9aa1eb962
"12oz  of barq's rootbeer plus 2oz  of parrot bay rum+ 4 more oz  +4 more oz  plus 4 more oz , you know, just to top off this awesome mug  mmmmmm     good stuff  thanks zac and <propfemale> for the mug!"
w00t! insurv is over!!!
"was off the boat by 1030, and i don't have to be back untill tuesday for duty, and then i have to go to the ship's picnic on friday, and that's it until monday "
"was singing god of wonders, on the way out to my car a few minutes ago, and had the radio tuned into klove, which, when i turned the car on, was playing god of wonders! yet another day in the life of <propmale>!"
"watch   for eight hours, then another 8 hours of work, and then maybe i can get some sleep    before it starts again at 2230 "
"w00t! a whole hour of sleep, a 1 2 hour work period, then another whole hour of sleep! and now i get to monitor our satellite tv, untill the mon night football game(that's not on any of our 3 whole channels) and then i get to go to bed   what an great day!"
"so i was working on the ships phones up in the shop today, when another guy walked in, and started asking me some questions, that were work related, but all my replies were in a perfect british accent   and i wasn't trying, or anything, but i couldn't bring my accent back, either  it was weird "
"\red is the color of the blood that flowed down the face of someone who loved us so \"" -<propfemale>'s coloring song"""
"i've been up since five this morning, worked hard all day, got hollered at, because it's our fault that we are half the number we used to be, and we were handed a pile of garbage from those who came before us, and now we can't just snap our fingers and make the stuff work  because of this, we are the ship's worse workcenter  right    but i have watch in a few hours, so i'm going to go catch a nap "
"quote of the day: \it's hip to be square\"""""
"quote of the day: \what's spy?- new sonar tech   \""spy? it's that air search radar that finds submarines before sonar does \"""""
"listening to ceili rain by ceili rain  the msuic band, not my sister   "
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key,and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works! ( i didnt think it would work but it does)"
"just figured it out  to a cannibal, i would most likely taste like spicy beef  yumm!"
"yay for evil socialist style military medical care, where they don't believe you upon a brief, lazily based examination  this has caused me to have pain in my knee (during my physical readiness test) run, to the point where i was unable to make the time alotted for me, thus failing the prt  yay  they then asked me if i was going to re-run it 18 hours later    no thanks, i've had enough pain "
"just got home from the trans-siberian orchestra concert in <propfemale>, n c  5 5 hour drive down, watch zombieland, peruse best buy, and then the concert, with a follow-up 5 5 hour drive back home "
"loves getting surprised with especially difficult tasks that should be falling upon the shoulders of those above him  he did however take care of said task, along with run the pha, and get one of his guys to retake the pha a second time today and pass it! work day complete "
"is aboard the ship, in the middle of the atlantic  laughing at all the people vomiting because of the sea state "
is not looking forward to the seven month deployment in january   
"so at work, we have a white board, that gets quote of the day's, and other off the wall stuff, like the daily merriam-webster's word of the day  well today someone put up exodus 5:17  he didn't write out the verse, but just left his nkjv nearby so the rest of us could look it up "
"so yesterday was the greatest day of the year, being the first snow of the season  there is nothing grander then snow!"
christmas <propfemale>= duty day christmas day= duty day sunday after christmas= duty day not being home for three christmas' in a row= priceless
"sleep in a real bed, in a bedroom above 30 degrees, it's good to be home "
"so i am back in town, (wooster, oh) and don't have any plans friday, and from monday through saturday    "
"so i believe it is my fault that the snow has been falling since my arrival, and won't stop untill i leave  just so everyone knows who to blame "
"it is extremely hot here in norfolk, a sizzling 42 degrees"
we are deployed  see everyone in 7 months 
my srb is 3 0! i get a re-enlistment bonus!
12 hours of watch each day for 200 days (about 7 months) equals 2400 hours of watch 
"96 hours into deployment, and over thirty equipment and personnel casualties, including 1 dehydration, 1 laceration to the neck, and one injured leg, which we had to med evac off ship  so far, so good  nothing serious "
though the arrows of the enenmy fall around me i have nothing to fear  for god shall protect me 
"god knows my hopes and fears and will open the proper doors, and shut the rest  i know this for he is only one who can both count and name each individual <propfemale> and grain of sand  if he can do that, he can easily handle my issue's "
"so we stopped in rota, spain today, to refuel, move a missile(or something about a missile), and get a day of <propfemale>  i tried paella, and sangria  i don't recomend paella to anyone  not that good "
"i really do hate phones  after i answer one a couple of times, i start hearing the ringer, even though it isn't ringing  does that me certifiably insane?"
"i've never been more embarressed and frustrated in my entire life than tonight  right now i'm in suda bay, crete  moored outboard of us is the <propfirst> l  hall  i had the 17-22 chief of the guard(which is the watch assigned to allowing american sailors on the greek base) "
"so i have signed up for intermediate algebra, college algebra i, and college algebra ii  and for a different flavor, i also signed up to receive a language learning cd-rom, to learn russian and <propmale>  so i'll probably mix the two languages together, and come out some where in the middle, i'm guessing i'll be speaking polish  isn't czech rep  right there too?"
"mmmm! anthrax shot on the left, cowpox on the right  so much fun yesterday  though the cowpox shot takes a month or so to run it's course, and i'll have a nice dime sized scar from that "
"i re-enlisted today    dropped the 2-year extension, picked up 4 years, so that i can get full use out of some cake shore duty for three years, instead of one  and i got an extra 25k out of the deal too "
"i'm at my darkest moment right now    literally talking about my countenance here  i spent two hours in the back of a pickup truck in the middle of wadi rum, <propfirst>  i look like bacon fried in red hot sauce  the sad part is, i don't feel any pain at all "
"come on march 15th! danger pay, hazardous duty pay, tax free pay   , and not just for march, but for february too! and i'm still waiting on my re-enlistment bonus! biggest paycheck i'll have ever known "
fish and chips for lunch today! had mine with a pickle and provolone  so tasty!
another day at sea 
"stopped at the post office today, got the package with the pecan pie bars you sent me mom  thanks!"
http annoyed  ihasahotdog files wordpress com 2010 04 129090356221544556 jpg
"wooh! a 3 hour trip to walmart today    i didn't like twizzlers before, and now i like them even less "
is it really just april still? it feels like june 
"saw doc this morning, he says i either have a viral infection in my throat, or i have strep  either way it hurts to swallow, and is even worse when i sneeze  which i've done 3-4 times now "
"another trip to wal-mart     i thought wal-mart had ac though  100+ degrees, holding a cable wrapped by rope for 3 5 hours and then relaying dry goods down below    so much fun! i think i'll stay in the navy for 30 years, just so that i can do this over and over and over  and better yet, i'll just go <propmale> from ship to ship, just stay on deployment for the whole 30 years!    (i think i brok'ed my brain)"
"please put this on your status if you \know,or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was \obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will \understandthat the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel \alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil \empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste \this  will you make this your status forat least one hour?"
another day underway     another 15 hours of watch 
"just found out a couple hours ago    i made et2! seven tests and i finally made it  now i just need to wait for the frocking ceremony and see how high i placed, which will determine when in the next 6 months i start getting paid for 2nd "
\those who go down to the \,b5ba133735d57325bb1b77a9aa1eb962,trying to learn about logarythms    i doubt i even spelled that correctly  sigh 
"mahe, seychelles  great vacation spot with beautiful weather and water  just spent 3 nights in the hotel on the island  it was wonderful "
"gotta love the events block on facebook  getting requests to rsvp events that are taking place on the other side of the world  i'll continue to rsvp no, while i'm on deployment "
"questionspassed my esws written test with an 80 100 questions    now i just need to study all the topics for the next 2 weeks, everyday, for 12 hours day memorizing data and stuff "
another day in the gulf   
getting esws pinned on tonight!
"the navy's trying to shove this whole mentorship program down our throats again    i don't believe in the whole you have to have a single registered mentor from the list    i prefer to get a scattering from several people, taking only the good parts, rather than the good and bad from a single person "
"one must know the enemy, yourself, and the battle ground  one must know these on a strategic, operational, and tactical level  only then may one win the war "
"hello cypress  long time, no see "
"\four score in seven years   \"" mr  <propmale> was not an athlete   """
konig ludwig dunkel    awesome beer 
"alicante, spain  not too bad  climbed the castillo de <propfemale> <propfemale>, here in alicante "
5 more days 
likes facebook 
"the new \n\"" word = no\",b5ba133735d57325bb1b77a9aa1eb962,"apparantly, i have reached the ultimate status    my proof is that i no longer get notifications "
i'm in ohio now!
