ae49f4eefaa81282396735f6ac7f3ca4
whats happenin tonight?
excited my brother is home for the summer
is riding the great galactic worm
has two days off
anyone want to <propfemale> later hit me up 586 222 8609
is feeling better that i have in awhile
gotta get up and go to the gym in 4 hrs but facebook is addicting lol
just got into a fight with my dad   and so begins possibly the worst day of my life
is oh so bored anybody whos got ideas?
who loves orange soda?
playing the game of drink tonight    any challengers
whoooo!!! fifth of jameson= big headache
tomorrow off  disc golf anyone?
dont think im gonna make it to disc golf today  smile   on the other hand florida vacation coming up
always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much 
why am i so emotionaly excitable around my friends   kinda sucks when one of em's in a bad mood
who wants to <propfemale> today hit the cell 5864436130
so bored i need to broaden my social horizons and make some new friends or reconnect with the old
believes that excellence is a habit not a condition and must be practiced everyday
when ur on the way out do u want to be surrounded by people u were a burden to or people whos lives were better for having known u make ur choice
yo
hey everyone awesome 4th of july party goin on hit  me up  586 443 6130
whoo who wants to d golf on saturday morning
3 weeks till <propmale>  cant wait
awesomely aware of azure arcs all around
got tomorrow off first day off in a week who wants to do something
finally got the ticket to <propmale> its fina lized so excited  we got a hot tub in the room!
guess what?  i win
if u dont know what u want how can you know who u are
wants you to take 5 minutes a day to reflect on how you could be a better person tomorrow than you were today
awesome im goin to iron maiden dreamtheater show yet another great thing to do  this is easily the best summer ive ever e playful erienced
iron maiden was awesome in the best of ways
11 more days till <propmale>
do you think about the past  do you worry about the future  or do u deny both and simply enjoy the present for it is the only time that counts
goin for milkshakes havent been to dairy <propfemale> in like 3 years
booyakasha?
if people could see what others are like on the inside what would you look like?
the boredom is excuciating
are you funky enough to be a globetrotter
wants you to be a straight g
gettin paid then its off to gross point to stain a playset
i get to go to work and actually make less money than i could otherwise and get it later  how quaint
7 hours me kiel and <propfemale> will be getting off the plane in <propmale>
bout to head to the airport every second is agony
this resort is incredible i am going to enjoi this so thouroghly its incredible
hot as shit here
tommorrow is the end im starting to miss some ppl   are u one of them?
me kiel ans <propfirst> are gonna be home at 11 who wants to buy us a few beers and party  smile 3
just made it on the ground ive only been on a plane once and i hate it so much  but its good to be home
fall needs to hurry the fuck up
who wants to watch the meteor shower tonight
threw up at the company picnic drinkin everyday for a month is catching up with me time for a break for sure
sunday off anyone wanna <propfemale>?
phones back on hit me up with kewl shit to do
where the party at tonight
is tired of people tellimg him to be an asshole to get with a girl
why do i gotta be mr pink?
first day off in a week tomorrow hit me up
is on the edge of conscienceness
mathamatical!!!
the only people u should get even with are those that have helped you
where the party at?
im a streetwalkin cheetah with a heart full of napalm
all good thing come to those who wait    okay what if im in a hurry?
got two tickets to the tigers game on tuesday who wants to go
heading to pick up <propfirst> then tigers game later gunna be a good day
so me <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> got kicked out of the tigers game at the top of the ninth due due a general raucusness and alleged vulgarity awesome  smile 
here's hoping for a lil good luck  i could really use something to pick me up outta this funk ive been in
i should lock u away where u cant kill or maim us but this is la and you're <propmale> and faaaammoouuss
big ups for 12 hour day at work if ur boss calls u at 9 in the morning do not answer!!
great friday i have top shelf friends who deliver top shelf times also commitment to bettering my life to much fucking around lately time to focus  smile 3
day off tomorrow anyone wanna go play disc golf
had to visit my dad at the hospital  today he collapsed on the job luckily  he was working on beamont in <propfirst> and he wasent on the roof  yet hope the doctors know whats wrong soon  btw i hate hopitals alot
"clean,clean,cleeaann!!!!!"
music my kids will never listen too    <propfirst> sinatra  twisted sister  <propmale> <propmale>  keep it going!
whoo withers and katatonia whos goin
strikeout  sad 
you are a bad artists malformed view of the human condition
go withers great fuckin show katatonia was ok too i guess  smile 
being a wino tonight cliche powers activate
"ageless, remorseless, without pity or conscience"
why can't people just be kewl with each other common decency is supposed to be common not rare right?
phones back on  woot!!
watching saucer full of secrets on dvd   bitchin  smile 3
waking up at 9 plus laundrymat equals i i hate everything!!!
i most assuredly have friends to make diddy ashamed of his entourage
fucking loves <propfemale>
hey everyone whats on you're mind
real drunk but still fuck the blackhawks!!
work till 8 then doin something  who has something to do?
as the plow breaks the earth shall he break the lives of men and all that is shall be consumed in the fire of his eyes
awesome party last night thanks <propfemale> cook
phones back on hit it up
"and the <propfemale> never flitting still is sitting  still is sitting on the pallid bust of pallas just above my chamber door, and his eyes have all the seeming of a demons that is dreaming and the lamplight ought him streaming throws his shadow on the floor and my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor   shall be lifted    nevermore"
torn ligament in my knee plus breakin in new boots plus closing at work    ouch
pink <propmale> invented techno
oh stern korean man walking around the laundymat why do u glare so?
mug night at dooleys any takers
dust is the physical representation of the passage of time!
anyone wanna grab a beer
straight pubbin it
dude im wearing a snuggie their is no concept of time  as quoted from kiel chambers
trying to get a party together who wants to come?  586 443 6130
i am in no fit state to do anything    why am i making plans?
just got in a car accident whoo  sad 
seems like everytime something good is about to happen shit fucks up leave me be universe
hey if it moves you can bet on it  what about the detroit lions? hey lay off detroit dem people is livin in mad <propmale> times  moe syzlack
well on my way to the center of the universe
i think im going to start wearing a suit all the time 
calling all ramsgate crew  like this if u were part of it!!
i think im jumping on this <propfirst> thing  bring it
30  dude my earliest memories involve you  we have been friends for 20 years and counting and cliches aside ur my brother from another mother and i hope years from now we can barbeque and bullshit while our children play  love ya bro  smile 
hey my friend is looking for a dog anyone got puppies
as of late i have had a raw disgust with ppl i dont like and an overwhelming surge of love for those i do
cant trust anybody!
be nice to people!!! its christmas!!!
to all of you who bring joy into my life <propfemale> christmas!  and to all of you who dont <propfemale> christmas to you too  smile 
death is both delicious and fashinable
gotta make a break from someone in my life  clean break or phase them out slowly?
ow ow ow ow
anybody wanna <propfemale> out tonight?
so my chiropractor just told me he couldent help me cuz my back is to locked up for him to do anything  sad 
suit up!!!
anyone need a roommate?
got talked into trying to drop into a bowl yesterday and now i feel like i just had my ass beat
time to be responsible  sad 
"back straight, <propfemale> up, eyes forward   now  march through life with pride go!!!"
been kinda down as of late  sad 
kinda feel awesome today  smile 
sooo sick  someone bring me some nyquil ans soup
hey everybody come watch me freeze my ass of on sunday in new baltimore ill be jumping into a lake for the lions club  smile 
is going to die of boredom if  some excitment desent come around soon
did the polar plunge today  cold has a new definition   smile    awesom tho
time exists so everything doesent happen at once
wants to go   
anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight?
lets see what the center of the universe looks like
"we as humans are:habitual, violent, passionate, erudite, compassionate, brave,greedy resilient scared,independent,sympathetic  but we are more than a sum of our parts  above all we are    incredible"
btw im awesome and i feel incredible
anything goin down tonight?
anyone wanna go to the bar and play some pool
needs some excitement
my perception of myself as a rational person is being washed away and i dont like whats underneath it feels weak  sad 
borrrreed!!! someone come play with me
real men hide their feelings  why?  because its none of your fucking buisiness!!!
"so lets raise our glass, to better days! forget the past  and our wicked ways  lets sing together  this song  lets make this feeling last all night long  \unknown <propfemale> punk band\"""""
some awesome ppl should come have a beer with me when i get out of work at ten o clock
i wake up to the sound of music  mother <propfirst> comes to me speaking word of wisdom    let it be
busy night at work almost time for beer  smile 
drunk!!
now im scared if i stop talling ill die that what jesus told me hes over their in the corner
i got a deal for ya everyone be nicer to each other so i dont always have to be the nice guy cmon
i think me knee just popped back into place!!  smile 
hey my family is moving and were leaving a bunch of stuff if anyone needs furniture let me know
yo whats shakin tonight?
to many things goin on today so busy no time for fun  sad 
"\you're fellowship is one of pain and if that pain were collective rather than merely reiderative the sheer weight of it it would drag the world from the walls of the  universe and send it crashing and burning through whatever night in might be capable of engendering till it was not even ash!\""  white as played by tomy <propfirst> jones"""
lets face it  the <propfemale> are awesome!
someone wanna grab a drink?
so tired to much moving  sad 
"allright, here is my news reverend  i long for the darkness i pray for death, real death and if i thought that in death i would meet the people i knew when i was alive that would be it the final horror the final nightmare           if i thought i was gonna see my mother again and have to start all that over again without the prospect of death at the end that would the u the ultimate horror! kafka on wheels "
im so very bored and i dont work till five ughh
who wants to do something on friday?
4_12 shift on st pattys lets add that to thanksgiving and halloween i guess only cool people dont have to work on holidays fml
we built our getaway  in a tree we found      we were so far away but we were still in town   now i remember watching that old tree burn down i took a picture that     i dont like to looke at
i dont know what im looking for i just know i wanna look some more  and i wont be satisfied till theirs nuthing left that i havent tried  for some people its an easy choice but for me theres a devil with an angels voice
i visit hell on a daily basis and i see the sadness in all your faces   i dont know what i am livin for i know that i just wanna live some more
well it finally happend i realize tonight i am no longer as nice as i want to be but with this comes the realization that i dont care  smile 
let me see what spring is like on a jupiter and mars    in other words
so i was at pipers alley and a group of drunk people started singing little did they know me and kiel chambers were there long story short    we won
my little brother is a fucking imbecile breakin shit just because and when i ask him why i get a grunt as an answer
thats why darling its incredible that someone so unforgettable thinks that i am unforgettable too
hahahaha awesome st patricks day!
phones back on! hit it up   smile 
whts everyone up to today?
super cool  sad 
pink <propmale>  smile 
name something u think your children will have a worse childhood for the lack of it: <propfirst> sagan
kicking around on a piece of ground in ur hometown waiting for someone or something to show u the way
ow i need a back massage
whts everyone up to today?
