f96f8f63f73f430b52b2b690274dc0e7
now im getting addicted to bejeweled   i really need a life    
"dear sleep, i would really appreciate it if you would visit me about nowish thank you very much kaitlan"
now has a robe!!
coffee with <propfemale> hazelton and <propfirst> thompson = massive amounts of fun!!!!
going home!
just drove my grandma's massively high-tech car    so much fun so scary!!   could not figure out how to turn it on!!!!
home!!   again    
when you're worried and you can't sleep just count your blessings instead of sheep and you'll fall asleep counting your blessings
just got pulled over for the first time   stupid headlight
magnificently content with life in general
i might be getting addicted to puzzles   
happily inhabiting hastings
good morning!
"it's a lovely day tomorrow, tomorrow is a lovely day"
<propfirst> got me addicted to video games      ahhhhhh!
somehow one of the balloons from jensyn <propmale>'s birthday party at the end of august is still thriving     weird     
should probably go to bed    for really no reason at all    but probably should   
loves today!!!!!!!!!
my roommate ( jensyn <propmale> ) has decided that she is going to be lofting her bed today    guess what i'm doing today!!!!!!!
really wishes her body did not hate her so very much today
you know that tired where you've accomplished a lot that day and you feel good about going to bed because everything is done for tomorrow   it feels good
just heard the worst song ever    ask jensyn <propmale> and <propfemale> colbert to sing it for you!!
"is 5' 8 1 2\ not 5' 9\"" as some would believe *cough* <propfemale> harms"""
it's glasses week!!  give those contacts a rest and wear your glasses!!
sooo sleepy and want to go to bed    but its all the way across the room   
glasses week is ending early   sorry guys i just can't wear them anymore
i love that our vacuum fails so much that it takes twice as long to vacuum our room     more exercise for kaitlan!!
sooo sleepy    nap time!!!
anyone up for a movies and root beer party call me!!
i feel that papers were invented to torture!!!
thank you to all for the birthday wishes!!
is <propfemale> harms today!!!
good morning!!
sophomore assessments   check   everything else   well   here we go   
finals!!!!!!!!!  ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!   almost done   
theory and h&l are no more!!!!
is done!!!!!    for the day
why are there so many decisions to make when trying to find a job?
everyone    it's time to say goodbye to the van   she's leaving us today  sad 
is going to be in hastings in less than 24 hours!!!!!!!!
is back in omaha  sad  but  smile 
definitely an interesting day   
who started smiley faces looking like this  smile  why don't they go like this  smile  ??
does anyone have any good tips on how to read text books and not get distracted by your own brain or things around you?
    one minute    let me find my firework schedule   
church   selling fireworks   springfield ne behind the <propfirst>'s off of highway 50   you should buy!!
not enough sleep + dilated eyes = finding awesome giant clip-on sunglasses + really interesting drive
