6194ee08d126b08a4e10a9654346a057
miss <propfemale>in out with the girls- both my 'current' and my older friends - neither of which i've talked to in awhile!! hopefully the new year will bring more time to <propfemale> out with girl friends!!
"i thought my life was horrible when i was in hs    wow, was i wrong, but at least learned how to cope or else i dont know what i'd do now!!"
i am just so happy that my puppy is helping me keep my cabin fever under control    cant stand this!!
"this is insane       issued by the national weather servicephiladelphia, <propfemale>         4 smile 3 am est, wed , feb  10, 2010           blizzard warning in effect until midnight est tonight         winter storm warning is cancelled      blizzard warning for salem, nj   until 12 am est, <propfemale> , feb  11, 2010"
"to anyone who has tried to call me, my phone is broken  i should be getting a new one tomorrow  i dont know if i'll have to get a new number  i'll send you an email with my new # if it changes!!"
wondering if i should go out or stay in    can't decide   
"please    no more snow! i finally saw the little sidewalk from my driveway to my front door today! and now here comes another 6 to 12\s!! ugh!"""
"wow    didn't think life could get any more depressing, but it actually did  i think i'm in a state of shock    "
finally heading out to hopefully relieve some stress!!
"well, my last wall post was optimistic and i did relieve some stress by kicking some butt in pool, but the relief was temporary, which that's just the way stress is unfortunately, so i guess i'm gonna have to work on more stress relief tonight!!"
"i never thought i would care what people think about me, but when they are totally wrong, it seriously makes me want to punch them in the face   is that wrong bad??"
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy b-day!!
hoping to see the meteor shower tonight!!
i love square gum    tastes better than rectangles
excited that ill have some time to take my dogs to go swimming tomorrow! ill have to take them every opportunity before its too cold   
pumpkin chunkin' today!!! ((' )
bumbles bounce!! it really is such a  relief!
