b98e7448057e07f620098f514e58f19c
i'm off to nationals to try out for the <propmale> olmpic gold team!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is done with all the practices! the first set starts tonight, so i'm going riding!"
bored
bored of babysitting
hair cut 
there is a fine line between genius and insanity    i have erased this line
i don't suffer from insanity  i enjoy every minute of it
"some people are like slinkies  they seem to have no purpose, but they still bring you a smile when you push them down the stairs"
my car has been recalled  apparently it starts on fire
watching free <propmale>
laundry day
woeking on an ending to one of my stories
looking in to get another dog
stupid sick people!! i hate them!!
should have gone to bed hours ago but got caught up finishing a game
is in a swinging kind of mood
yay off to bowl
hates the fact that all of my friends feet are smaller than mine!
num     yellow cake
stupid mummies all i want is one little curse instead all they do is pick fights and light themselves on fire!
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!"
i'm lighting candles and watching them burn!!
is still lighting candles and watching them burn
off to watch some anime
xx72xxxxxxx6     so close  sad 
is reading but is sure to go swining soon
is making a list
2 things left yay thn i can take a break
i'm not weird    i'm not strange        i'm interesting!
off to the holliday party
apparently if you don't pay the phone <propmale> they turn off your phones
is so happy her dvd arived
just finished tearing apart my xbox 360 and giving it some vodka to clean it
is watching a liter of tears
is watching a litre of tears
"<propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propmale> are drinking coffee  <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale> are drinking soda  what is <propfemale> drinking, coffee or soda?"
there's an electric train traveling south  the wind is from the north-west  in which direction would the smoke from the train be blowing?
what odd number becomes even when beheaded
why is 2 times 10 the same as 2 times 11
"what do these 3 have in common: superman, <propmale>, and the cabbage patch kids"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  a wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for acceptance       93% won't copy and paste this, but will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
627 series
*sob* my xbox developed the ring of death and died *sob*
"haha i found a list i made back in 8th grade of all the things i owned, and who wold get them when i died"
i currently hate facebook
off to bowl
is putting together a <propmale>
just got back from the park after watching the matrix trilogy
sounds like spring
just got back from work
yay!!!!!!!!!!!
saw cop out with friends  not bad
went for nice long bike trip
yay biking
yay! a job
is sick
now is sick and angry
is sick of being sick and had a nice short bike ride today
"if someone coments on your eyes being pretty, you will probably lose them several chapters latter "
"welcome to the real world, prices are e playful ensive, people are dying, and no, the coffee is not complimentary"
picked up a 7 10 at practice today!!!!!
i found a 4 leaf clover today!!!!!!!!!
eating some well deserved ice cream after a hard day of biking and misspronouncing names
i think my dog is out to kill me
"(my dear friend brena) true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship     and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has \been         repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one"
"if anyone needs me call my cell, i'll be yelling at the library"
they say you shouldn't go to bed mad
anyone want to go to a movie?
2 floors done one to ago and they almost look like the original
i was having a good dream until a phone call woke me up  sad 
if anyone needs to get ahold of me the next couple of weeks starting now you'll have to calll me
"i've seen dreams that move the montains, hope that never ever ends even when the sky is falling down   "
pathetic i got so engrossed in what i was reading that my alarm for me to wake went off before i ever went to bed
any one want to go to a movie?
i want the last 2 hours of my life back! that was horrible!
brindle is wearing the white socks and duck tape suspenders of shame
savoy and full <propfemale>
just finished rewatching the entire full <propfemale> series  off to bed
i hate summer
who's in the cites this weekend?
if anyone wants to get a hold of me you'll have to call my house number my cell phone isn't working
a wedding!
is waiting for the doctors to tell me i have skin cancer
"treat your friends as if they will one day be your enemy, and your enemy as if he will one day be your friend"
don't e playful ect to live a happy life  you'll only be disappointed
if someone comments on your eyes being pretty you will probably lose them several chapters later
yours fan base is directly proportional to how angsty you are
"afterism - (n) a concise, a clever statement you don't think of until it's too late"
"if aliens are looking for intelligent life, why the hell are you scared?"
1  you need help opening pandora's box  2 purple=purple ball  3  how you were always at camp like all summer  4 bull  5  how many times have you injured not by yourself? 6  nothing you do or say surprises me and you always make me laugh  7  unnormal  8  challenge you to post this as your status 
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall  2 the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4 the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  challenge you to post this as your status 
got back from eau <propfemale>
loving my new puppy
is takung lotd of time off of work
we finished our christmas yesterday
is going bowling
"had a great day! bowling scores for today annoyed 183, 188, 181 for a 551\162, 188, 241 for a 591\220, 265, 215 for a 700"
keara is in a timeout for the rest of the day
off to a movie
i feel much better now
today i found a crack in space and time in my house  i thought the doctor fixed that problem  what i'm i going to do now?
spent yesterday making valentines
is going to have a movie marathon tomorrow
yay flipping a car
 sad  good bye little red <propfirst> i'll miss you  sad 
is sick of the stupid snow  it's painful
miserable
