773f516056d56aa7b5777c77dd25f381
arbitrary calendar date  wheeee 
"and therein lies an essential difference  you, by and large, prefer i stay the same, while i, i prefer to change "
caramelldancen!
reality is that which does not go away when you stop believing in it-phillip k  <propmale> 
give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day  teach a man to fish and he'll eat for a lifetime  give a man a couple cats and he'll never stop fishing 
"is love even something i want? it's a strange thing, that makes you completely vulnerable to someone else  subsumes you and leaves you naked and defenseless "
peoplewatching tip: every conversation is funnier if you imagine they had drunken sex the night before 
is now officially a umbcite!
"i am not a good person  however, this does not mean that i am a bad person  i'm just not a person "
my god i hate the system 
ngaah  student loans   
so    do i fit in the uncanny valley?
"hmm, i do believe i've just been press-ganged into learning "
gnaaah  horrible sleep last night 
"i hate guns, because you can't use them to defend, to protect  only to kill  yes, by killing someone who wants you dead you save yourself, but you can't block with a bullet "
to <propfemale> in someone's mere presence
"hmm, what's the etiquette for telling someone you had an erotic dream about them?"
jesus saves  the rest of you take damage  (credit to kemmotar)
mi'e byrux
me'i byrux 
me'i barux 
has no more wisdom teeth   
the fast is over   and i still can't eat  sad 
"has a camera now, courtesy of my aunt "
i'm awesome at defusing situations  especially when you take into account that a bomb that's gone off no longer has a fuse 
wolverine: the lesson here learned is that you shouldn't attach razor sharp metal claws to something that doesn't die when you shoot it in the head  (props to cracked)
"approximatley 7 8 seconds after learning that amazon will make college textbooks available, i will buy one  if i turn out not to be able to afford it, it's about another 19 seconds till i turn to crime "
aikawarazu usotsuki-ka
my god i have like 15 tv tropes tabs open  helllp 
has a new phone! with a screen  laugh !
zytrate comes in a little glass vial  and that little glass vial goes in the gun like a battery 
truly other people are what make life meaningful 
well duh! it vibrates 
"and the earth did tremble and the people did cower, for the second piece has been assembled! i have an anvil!"
i am too  smile  don't know what i did before 
don't worry ma'am; i'm cartilaginous 
"hmm, apparently pink light does not exist "
"pain shared is lessened, joy shared, increased- spider robinson"
tried geocaching today  discovered that it works better with a gps 
ein ganz kleines elfchen im walde schlief
"having fun, wish you were here  playful "
"hmm, housesitting, fun "
"two people in love are like two diamonds, the only thing that can hurt them is each other "
gotterdamung
does not compute!!!! -headdesk-
snuzzles  smile 
ich möchte meine zunge sie ihre seidenen haut führen
"for some, this might not be a surprise  but i hate hiding  i've decided i don't care  if you're not willing to accept me, i don't need you  i'm not religious  god doesn't make sense to me  i see no reason to dedicate my whole life to inane rules if there is no god behind it  if anyone has a logical, fallacy-free argument for his existence you'd like to share with me, by all means, go ahead, and i'll listen "
thinking of you  smile 
proud sufferer of ddd  playful 
"\that's right  your incestuous love-child was hitler *and* stalin\""  smbc ftw """
"forty four thousand, six hundred and forty minutes in heaven is better then 1  playful "
goodbye 
require  sleep 
rule three: an ordinance technician at a dead run outranks *everybody*
"when all you have is a hammer, the whole world looks like a nail  when all you have is thermite, the whole world looks flammable "
http annoyed  oglaf com fountain_of_death jpg
first blacksmithing meeting is wednesday     so much left to do still!
"hmm  giving blood tomorrow      also, hvz starts tomorrow  this could be an issue "
was ambushed by the rac by 3 zombies at 8 pm  constant vigilance ftw  smile 
don't worry  i did science to it 
i will soon be gainfully employed  surprise 
"why, i'm in florida  surprise "
my motel room is trying to kill me   
    maybe licking that hobo wasn't such a good idea 
"god damnit  i hope next year is better  lord knows it can't be worse  \   that wasn't a challenge "
"don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does  tipsy tow offered by aaa: you don't have to be a aaa member, from 6pm-6am on new years eve day they will take your drunk self and your car home for free  save this number    1-800-222-4357  please re-post this if you don't mind "
"welp, i'm not sleeping tonight  revelers were always quieter back home   "
"so, how does quality assurance on cyanide tablets work?"
we'll burn that bridge when we come to it 
duck! it's either machine gun fire or buddhists are praying 
perpetrate some chefery!
for science!
homemade sushi fail 
cannot draw xyz graphs    
"newest peeve: when people 'join a group' to show that they are a fan of something, and become a fan of something to group themselves with it "
what's that? 3 foot snowfall? snowshoes are a go 
cold plays <propfemale> hell with nerf darts   
"so, if a teacher posts 's lecture notes online, and holds you responsible for the subject matter despite him not teaching it, doesn't that just show that his job is obsolete?"
happy valentines   
chefery    
3 tests on a fast day? arglll
giving out hamentashen  on tanit <propfemale>  hillel fail
"yes baruch, february only has 28 days  annoyed "
i hate trigonometric functions      -stabs a triangle-
want my beard back    
"   i have nothing to do on spring break, do i?"
why does a monocle in anima cost more then spectacles? just break the spectacles in half people 
my physics final is next friday  crap 
my laptop is making horrifying buzzing noises  hard drive trouble?
stupid jew rules  i don't want a mustache!
truely happiness is the greatest joy availble to mankind
it's not gay if it's an elf 
ew  this semester's schedule isn't much better then last one's 
considering dorming next semester  anyone knowledgeable about these things?
"am i wrong or do all things, in nature and human interaction, seek balance? more energetic things will fall back to a stable state, a flighty person will seek out a stable mate, two magnets will attract each other    is there something that doesn't seek balance? or is this 'balance' merely the fact that all things seek a stable state, and that balancing is an easy way to do it?"
"bacon soap? no, just   god no "
hmm  well that didn't work  think i need to relearn how to shave   
the trick is to let go of the idea of entitlement 
"\why is there a human skull in the fridge?\"" \""so it doesn't spoil?\"" -<propfemale> and walky"""
"oh, hey depression  didn't see you over there -waves-"
the question now is if i should cover up my rune-etched blade when taking the bus    
"hah! i keep my scholarship, thank you very much "
believe those who are seeking the truth  doubt those who find it 
"if one does not know to which port one sails, no wind is favorable "
the music makes it hard to think  so why do i keep listening to music?  annoyed \
friend and fried are just one letter apart    
fma is over?  crying 
is it bad that i got excited when my parents said we're getting a steel door because i thought it would resist zombie attacks? > >
"\this is a fight  hits or gtfo\""-guilded age"""
"geez umbc, don't scare me like that"
a book shut tight is nothing more then a block of wood-proverbs
i suppose it is a lot easier to make a good song if you pay no attention to the placement of the words 
things were said that cannot be unsaid    
"really, really sick of filling out job applications "
we have become far more efficient  since eliminating sleep  we have also formed a collective consciousness 
"\so you think disabled access is a dalek conspiracy?\"" \",773f516056d56aa7b5777c77dd25f381,huh  didn't know that heartbreak could cause a literal pain in your heart 
"\why are you doing this to me?!\"" \",773f516056d56aa7b5777c77dd25f381,tried to draw an idea  remembered i can't draw  bloody well going to learn how to draw 
reading tvtropes on a depth-first basis has some issues   
"my ac, why have you betrayed me    "
hah! i win  i  win 
so  i'm now a minister  anyone wanna get married?
just realized my last name is spelled wrong  fail 
hah! moved in  i win 
you have successfully cooked hard boiled eggs! your cooking skill went up by one! your calcium has gone up by 4! your hunger has gone down by 2!
my rice is an unsettling shade of yellow   
"320 students in my genetics class, bio 302   "
"baruch used matured a new cheftech! \level 2 collegetech: rice and beans"
oh engineering  you're so easy  taking it last year helps 
what type of person goes jogging wearing a bandana on their head?
that was one sick burn! the osnap-ometer is off the charts! there must be over 5000 urmoms!
nice guys come in last 
"first organic chemistry exam on monday  so far there are two topics we have discussed that weren't as fully e playful lained in chem 101 and 102: determining the strength of acids bases, and determining the contributions of resonance structures "
"at some point, our dm crossed the line from \running the game\"" to \""trying to murder all of us in the most horrible ways possible\"""""
"suppressor mutations  breaking something so hard, it fixes it "
who throws out a perfectly good c-clamp?
today we learn that hvz bandannas are not waterproof!
doing chemical engineering analysis hw  problem has 18 unknowns    
"tomorrow: 75% <propmale> of rain, high of 54  and hvz starts  guess i get to wear my coat after all  smile "
note to self: put note on facebook 
"i got  bored  now i'm drawing on myself \   i need to rethink this plan "
i got a job  surprise  now i can afford luxuries  like cereal 
"so i was working at dominos when a human walked in   surprise \of course, he decided delicious pizza was worth the risk of zombie attack "
"i only have to get an 80 on the rest of my orgo tests to get a b  that's not too bad, right?"
"so hey! i can draw 1,1diethy;-4-(3,3,-dimethylbutyl)cyclohexane now  neat "
"you know what, science? i love you, but you need to stop using latin words for everything \or if you can't do that, at least stick only to latin, and not dabble in greek \and please, please, stop re-using latin words!"
"no, *your face* is a logical fallacy!"
one good thing about working at dominos: i could probably live off of free pizza if i wasn't pretty sure that would kill me 
"how many paladins does it take to change a lamp?\two  one to change it, the other to \uphold the light\"" """
how many of them can we make die?!
"marijuana can be used for medical purposes  how, you ask? take a molecule of marijuana, and remove or add an electron "
orgo  what the hell am i going to do?
"as you can see on my wall, i was officially challenged to post the following status: like my status and i'll tell you: (1) something i learn about you by looking at your wall (2) the color you remind me of (3) my first memory of you (4) the animal you remind me of (5) ask something i've always wondered about you (6) my favorite thing about you (7) give you a weird nickname ( smile  challenge you to repost it  laugh "
\you are dead," save ends\""\"773f516056d56aa7b5777c77dd25f381,alright calc 3    let's dance 
"today, i used the word \shande\"" in perfect seriousness  oy vey    """
you know what's a good anime? hellsing  hellsing is 
the best part about listening to trance? you don't even notice when one song ends and the second one begins  playful 
"i should probably sleep before an exam, right?"
near the tree by a river there's a hole in the ground    
"just came out as bi \   i love my dad  smile "
"huh  apparently, i ate too many energy mints  in unrelated news, i am a being of pure energy "
still steadfastly refusing to acknowledge it's cold outside  short sleeves is the way to go 
"i have 5 classes  two of them have a different period of exams then the others  and they're mostly all out of phase \meaning, at any given point, i usually have an exam coming up in a week "
double integral  all across the region r 
i suppose i might pass this exam  meh  let's go 
"stupid mistakes    welp, failedthat exam "
"english motherf****! do you speak it? \if not, please do not try to teach a class  and then use abbreviations for everything  including non-english words  and only give out all the information on what the exam is on a day before the exam "
i <propfemale> hot dogs 
"they're making robot hands out of coffee grounds! god, i love stumbleupon "
"problem one: i don't have enough hot dogs \problem two: i have too many beans \problem solved "
http annoyed  antieuclid com index php h1-whole-book
hmm  should i take a jewish course for an easy a? or some other culture course    facebook people: know any interesting culture courses?
"i just need to get an 80% on the orgo midterm and final, and i can get a c   \keep in mind that the average on the last test was a 48% for the class, and my best score has been 66%  bleh "
huh  i guess i do know hebrew  go figure 
my body's natural defense mechanism: being too tired to prepare the coffee 
"hey facebookers! any of you have kindles e-readers? if so, are there virtual libraries? can you load  doc and  pdf files onto your kindle?"
listening to techno  twice  two youtube videos  one stanza out of sync  eeee 
numb
hooray for miraculous pretzels that shouldn't exist 
"oh, hey  think i might have thrown off my sleep cycle  just a bit "
bring a light into the dark places 
is it really worth doing practice problems when i don't know if i got the answer right?
"yeah, kinda late for yom kippur, but   \to all those i have harmed offended: i hope you'll forgive me  if not, please message me with the thing i've done to hurt you, and i'll try my best to make it up to you apologize better \to everyone who has hurt me: i forgive you  completely  can we be friends?"
facebookers! anyone know of thrift stores near umbc? i am in need of a suit jacket 
"oh, hello there caffeine withdrawal headache  i accept you as the price i pay for fooling my biology  do your worst "
"psychometric charts    i will murder you \also, humans don't have a body temp of 98 6 c  derp "
"oh yeah, that's why i'm hungry  i didn't eat today  welp!"
heh  sleep  funny 
"wow, baruch, you're up earl-oh wait "
let's do this  leeeroy    
i've decided to become a pyrotarian 
"nine hour shift at dominos  crazy times  but tonight, we feast!"
"when god gives you lemons, you get a new god!"
"all of you people, get the word out  i have made the best pizza  next time you order from domino's, ask for <propmale>'s double decker "
"and now to learn <propfemale>, so i can use it to do a project  it would be nice if you taught us how to do the things we're e playful ected to do!"
"huh  well, the quit function works    "
"today we learn two important lessons  one: save your work often  two: god, or microsoft, hates you "
"heh  all the people in eng101 are in the computer labs, hurriedly trying to get their exams done in time  clock's ticking, they're due in 11 33 hours    "
"take that, projects!"
you know what's the best part of a 6 am exam? nothing  it all sucks 
"body: alright, i'm going to sleep\brain: shouldnt we do more than memorize a couple of equations?\body: eh, you're a smart guy  you'll figure it out  night!"
"the plan annoyed step 1: study forever\step 2: ?????\step 3: die "
"welp, guess i'm using firefox now "
complete and utter bullshittery 
"you're my body, and you'll damn well do what i tell you "
"caffeine counts as sleep, right?"
white supremacist brownies   much better now that they're racially pure!
shh  only dr34ms 
"i want to read them all   so many books, so little time "
his man beauty! it's blinding!
hmm  hope that grows back 
i got an 84 on my cheme final? there's witchery afoot   
haha! passed orgo! yeees!
i have the sudden urge to learn how to play the violin    
the fact that she kept the legs is more than a little disturbing   
science for the science god!
fafsa time!
let's start the semester off right: with freezing rain! whoo-ho   wait 
"9:56: arrive at class\10 surprise 1 professor hands out syllabus\10 surprise 2: realize that this is the wrong class\10 surprise 4: arrive at actual class "
"oh glod, i need new shoes  guess i know what i'm doing tomorrow "
"annnd, make a new character "
"hooray, ideal gas laws  \    \(quietly sobs)"
0 o  facebook is sending spam now? raaage 
"lay down for a nap   wake up 12 hours later,"
"oh god no, not thermo again, oh god "
oh god the honking  why won't the honking stop?
