6b051a2b35bacf06caca4d662206db00
happy 2010!
got a haircut 
is listening to flobots  scary images of all the 7th grade pals doing weird hand movements come to mind 
is now listening to blur 
finally saw terminator 
has to <propfemale> out with boring people tonight 
"has been playing <propfirst> hawk's american wasteland like, nonstop "
wants to got to rhode island school of design 
all those mj jokes seem less funny when he's dead  rip <propfirst> <propmale> 
is now a year older 
is in <propmale> 
is at the fourth of july 
is bored again 
wants a shirt that just says '3008' on it 
had a pretty cool time at writing camp today 
made twenty dollars yesterday!
is on the computer!
is back from his third-world adventure 
saw the hurt locker yesterday 
wants to sell <propmale> and t-shirts out of a tree-house for the rest of his life 
"has mixed feelings about going back to school tomorrow, so this had better be an awesome last day "
has had a pretty solid first two days of school 
just ran two <propmale> 
bought some skinny jeans for ten bucks at wal-mart 
feels sad from deleting comments 
got a part in the play!
"is back from opi! (and only about half a day late, too )"
"yay, fall "
is going to school tomorrow  much better than sickness 
"had a good first day of say si, but is worried about  how much homework he's gonna have at these hours of the night "
says stone soul was great  the homework that comes afterwards is another story   
play practice took forever  and it's all uphill from here 
got his pink t-shirt!
is there anything going on after the play tonight?
play's over!
can't help but wonder why his friends are so nocturnal 
what would a <propmale> potter costume be?
"november 1st  just 50,000 words to go "
almost had a spaz attack because i thought i'd lost all the progress on my novel 
had a fun time at muertitios fest 
just wrote 1127 words in half an hour 
is fleance 
met <propmale> giddens and <propmale> giddens out of the blue while hiking the same trail in big <propmale>d  it really is a small world 
how do you do mla formatting?
where's my snow?
"finished the comic, and it looks like a trainwreck "
lost his agenda  what's the homework?
wants to throw this stupid essay on the ground 
if we shadows have offended   
winter break!!!!
who needs christmas music when you have death from above?
the grey album is so cool 
so what exactly is a bandicoot?
i think my new year's resolution will be to be a badass  mission accomplished
needs ideas for tomorrow's prompt  any takers?
really wants the title of his english essay to be death by sexy 
first draft is done 
needs a prompt idea 
"i ain't sayin' she's a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke "
"needs to write down all the funny things he says in a book, then sell it like his agenda "
what times are play practices over the weekend?
gift cards are so awesome 
who knew that crashing middle school dances could be so much fun?
homework is done 
is reading maus  tomorrow's math test seems a little less important when you're reading stuff like this 
what're the pages of the history reading?
lightning thief is the best movie ever  way better than the book 
does anyone want to practice golf after school tomorrow?
anyone know if the golf tournament tomorrow is still on?
"cd's came, listening to empire state of mind "
"after flirting with death, my ipod has flickered back to life  my day has been redeemed "
como <propfemale> jefe!
does anyone know good resources for current events on kashmir?
"'your firearms are too short to box with god ' dang, hip hop lyrics have some gems "
is works cited different from bibliography?
done done done done   
"spring break, here i come "
is back!
"have you ever had a time when you look at a picture of yourself, start a little, and realize that for a moment, you'd forgotten who you were?"
fauxhawk ftw
is listening to orishas 
has decided that <propfirst> guetta is officially the boss 
what homework did we have this weekend?
"rip my san <propfirst> spurs water bottle that i've had since i was 8  golf, you are one cold mistress "
what was the homework for tonight?
anyone got resources for ninja vs samurai?
anyone doing ninjas and samurai <propmale> projects?
just got back from a great first friday 
the video for on to the next one is so insaaane    
"hey, guys  what's the homework?"
what should i wear to prom?
"got himself some newbalance, heelys, and a prom suit  good weekend "
what are we supposed to wear for language day?
"fund day was awesome  jasim khan, you are a worthy opponent "
"goodbye prom, i'll be seeing you again next year "
is never getting a formspring 
what's the homework?
listening to mexicans with guns 
good first friday 
when is lord of the flies reading due?
"if scientologists have saints, beck should be one "
how much money do i bring for 6 flags?
anyone know what the self and community essay is supposed to be on?
anyone got details on the golf party?
"hey, what homework do we have?"
made $75 at say si la <propfemale>  <propmale> ftw 
anyone know a good way to study for geometry?
tonight's showing: where the wild things are  tune back in tomorrow for: where the procrastinator goes to die 
had a great day with <propfemale> castella yesterday 
marshmallow gun and twenty movies from goodwill  it's going to be a good summer
just got two pomeranians today 
courage wolf is my hero 
why in the world does <propfirst> mouse have a pet dog?
woke up and forgot it was my birthday  thank you facebook for reminding me of these things   
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone  happy    unbirthday?"
country of the blind 
"machen lieb, nicht krieg "
has no plans to eat anyone 
i love <propfirst> 
why must you fail me my fatherland
anyone want a pet pomeranian?
"yeah, inception was awesome  just thought you guys should know "
rain  hide your charizards
"done with philosophy reading, dear god that took forever "
"paint on my hands, raekwon in my ears  word up, summer "
watching the godfather 
"liquid swords came in the mail, it's gangsta rap time "
watched american splendor  rip <propmale> pekar 
off to h-town 
the other guys was awesome
it would be really cool if random people chatted me right now 
"jackass 3d, october 15th  get prepared "
"if this is the price of progress, i'd rather not pay "
"school is like the tiger in life of pi, you don't realize it's coming until it eats your face "
life of pi is done 
"yesterday was friday the thirteenth, and nothing even vaguely creepy happened  fml"
master chief and biggie smalls are my summertime heroes 
last day of summah 
grizzly bear is really starting to grow on me 
"it was all a dream, i used to read word up magazine "
is officially 1 64th hispanic 
really wants to take a self portrait with a tilted-sideways crown like that one picture of biggie smalls 
you are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge 
good first friday wut wut
anyone in 5th period english wanna collab on the roast boast?
<propfirst> darko
"roast boast is done, and my, is it glorious "
"huh, rain  that was kinda sudden "
"<propfemale> arbus, you are my hero "
needs an essay title like biggie needs pac     suggestions?
"hey, what was the homework?"
midgets vs  chupacabras
i never signed no stinkin' social contract
"hey juniors: if you still have your thermochem tests from last year, could i borrow them? thanks "
anyone got white tape?
interpretive dance is not for me
que es la tarea?
shady's back
"yeah, so i made a tumblr "
que es la tarea?
"found my hat, suckas "
elbamfo tumblr com
freedom
"svu marathon, suckaz"
trying to figure out how to spend a $15 itunes gift card  this is torture     
"i look away for five seconds, and cage the elephant and cake both come out with new albums? this is amazing"
the more i see the less i know
