20f91fb333ab20db64524834e44742eb
"donate $10 today and save a life under the rubble in haiti  text \haiti\"" at 20222  the <propmale> <propmale> aids relief to haiti http annoyed  www clintonfoundation org haitiearthquake """
going to watch a movie  still researching how to create new tabs in facebook 
"- american's should not live on credit alone, but seek value in all that we own   -- be free! financially free!     <propfemale>"
"has anyone discovered the secret to anti aging? if so, please call me "
i'm giving a shout out to all the beautiful women of the burg! you know who you are  shout back dammit!
"going shopping today for appliances   a girl can't live without her dishwasher   a man yes, a dishwasher heck no!"
even now do i learn of life   how old must i be to surpass the wisdom of my elders?
take off your shoes and step in the mud   wiggle your toes and have fun 
a life without choices is like a <propfemale> without sunlight   think about it 
grats saints!!!!  who dat
is it safe to make babies when all you want to do is eat them   mmmm
i'm looking for an entreprenuership   contact me if you too are interested in starting a small business venture 
"have you ever just wanted to \poke\"" someone in the eye just to hear them say ouch?"""
"if you haven't heard about the stock market, look into it   it'll make you that much smarter and or richer "
a slow painful process of getting old 
"if you are reading this, then i find you to be hawt!"
"so when i finish school this year, what should i do? i have banned myself from wow "
"if you are overseas and need a job in the us, msg me"
"survey:  how much would you pay to ensure your children were successful in life? any amount? nothing, or the cost of a high school diploma?"
giving a shout out to family  we gone get ours!
life's little pleasures are worth taking a nibble on   care to try?
"survey:  would you eat a worm if you were paid $1000?  if so, name the worm you are willing to eat "
why are young people headed down such horrible paths? why can't i save them all? can 1 person really make a difference when no one is listening?
spending mother-daughter time with the kid    ever hear of <propfirst> wii?  hmm   
i let you live off of your bejeweled justice for a long time  get your scores up before i bust it!  smile 
so my kid joined the ultimate frisbee team at school 
can anyone suggest a new photo camera to purchase?  all suggestions welcomed  links to it are better 
i hate homework!
being bored is dangerous! all i want to do is find something to buy   sad 
"i am in mourning over a lost friendship:  i will never talk to <propfirst> niles again, and if  he ever read his facebook, he would know  why   why does it feel like a huge hole in my chest?"
2nd day of mourning a lost friendship  can't i just put this behind me   this is the 2nd one in less than a month   maybe i am meant to be friendshipless   
"is hiding a world of hurt, really worth it? no matter how much you pretend to the rest of the world, there isn't enough distance from yourself "
i can't wait to wash away the grit from last year with some mind numbing and much relaxed gardening   woohoo!
"why are many american men only reaching the stagehood of boys?  why are american women not demanding men to be men?  no, you can't and shouldn't be trying to raise kids alone "
"i challenge everyone who reads this to take the initiative to mentor a family member   before its too late, give them the tools of life  no matter how hard, or how long, its up to us to save the world now "
"i challenge us all to look at the things we are proud of doing?  what accomplishments can you share with your children or those close to you?  if you have nothing to share, go make things happen for yourself today!"
omg almost done with school   only a 15 <propfemale> report left to do   i can see the finish line    and it is screamin whiskey!   smile 
now to weave through the rest of life  anyone care to lend a hand?
does ms have a need for an oldies pub? yes or no?
mmm     freshly brewed <propmale> coffee  i think ill go order some pretzles   
we grilled yesterday  i made a great bbq pork  if you want the recipe message me 
"if you ever think you're crazy, slap yourself because you are "
"tonite i'm gonna just settle, settle for my passion of hot fudge ice cream   o, why the hell not  tune in tomorrow for tales of hot fudge ice cream passion   mmm    "
"i'm not your superwoman, oh no no no no     what? hehe @ @  this woman cave means nothing!"
"prom shopping, awards banquet, and more and thats just today  shhesh  daughters are way too e playful ensive "
"about a month ago i posted how much i hate <propfirst> niles, i recant that statement and say that friends are friends thick and thin no matter how much you love to hate them at that moment "
acts are happening today at my kid's school   she's excited  i hope she does well 
anyone know a treatment for nappy hair?
up and about and back to work   very very long week so far   i can say it has been a crapper 
"i have the \curse of the daughters \""  my mom cursed me and said my daughter would treat me the way i treated her   well    it has come true   she has such an attitude """
prom pics are posted   this weekend is almost over 
dad is finally here   time for bonding 
any facebookers want to start a weighloss group?  message me 
we are having fondue tonite   yes!
"all, just know facebook is seen by many, even potential employers   can you at least try not to appear so ghetto when posting   just trying to help  enjoy!"
happy mother's day to all the mother's reading this today 
"if anyone is interested in helping me start a small business message me for more details   opportunities exist for either a contributor, active or passive assistant "
stir fry and love tonite!!!  @ @ <propmale> bélanger
"my <propmale> holds my heart in his hand, firmly "
"a snake is like the devil, it slithers in the \dark until he's comfortable that you're unaware then crushes you in one \blow before you can blink   always be prepared in life and make sure \when he attacks that you're not caught offguard "
when was the moment you learned that your kid was really not the nice kid you thought they were?
please read:  all young ladies 30 and below   please take care of your success first  babies and men will only hold you back and there's plenty of time for them both  don't be happy with being manager of taco <propfemale>   be the manager of nasa!  believe in yourself and stop showing your ass on facebook 
it's very hot!  time to get busy finding new swim clothes that fit   smile 
"bonding w dad:  we went to the asian buffet last nite   could barely walk afterwards   a moment to savor, literally "
well my mom missed her bus   time for plan b 
"don't hate the ones you should love  you have only a single lifetime to make things right  holding grudges against parents, siblings, or kids are wrong   clear the void around your heart and just breathe "
family is gone   back to reality
"a tisket a tasket, i need more money in my basket  @ @ <propmale> bélanger"
"taking my 16yo out job hunting and my dad!  smile \taking care of everyone is getting old  when will someone offer me support   sad "
sweet!  dad's resume is done   now for the baby sitting flyer   let's hope the money falls from the sky soon  lol  i want to retire 
"ok, going to watch soccer 101  going for germany  \want to watch germany, brazil, portugal, and oh yeah    usa @ @"
germany v aussie was sick!!! omfg
why are some people so stupid!
"if you're a morning person, can you truly be happy with a night time person?"
father's day message?  let's recognize and promote real fathers!  @ ladies if u have x choose a man worth having from day 1  if he leaves get child support not welfare 
took portraits last nite and sat down for a family steak dinner 
life is about to take a huge turn   let's see if my head can stay above water 
missing my boo   hope you're safe 
why is it soooo hot!!!!
i love gardening   i bought sunflowers 
life sucks! germany ????  what happened!?
i will be watching you germany on saturday   don't let us down!
sweet win deutschland!
finally up and about again   whew!
"a colleague buried his 15yo son today   his son was the victim of a shooting by 2 adults that intended to shoot the boy's friend   they shot him multiple times including in his head   hug your children, and don't assume they are safe when they leave home   and kick the azz of any adult who still acts stupid and does stupid things regardless of if he's your friend, brother or other "
so glad the weekend is here   i charge everyone who reads this to do at least one good thing for someone who may not be in your good graces   write back if you care to share on monday 
"happy 17th birthday to my one and only beautiful <propfemale>, <propfemale> maray  i love you and will always be here for you   it will always be you and me forever  love mom <propfemale> magee"
anyone else have a 17 yo child and want to share some lessons learned to help me with the next year?  please share
pray for a new job for <propfemale> this week!
"anger, sadness, nor blame can bring you back elmi   but never will you be snatched from our memories or our hearts   your friends love you very much and we will see you again some day  elmar laubenheimer"
i just spoke to a friend who's sad and mourning but at a distance   how can you ease the pain? talking helped but what do you do when you <propfemale> up the phone?  when it seems no one else understands?  how do you move on when the pain is so deep and hurts so much?
today a memorial was held in honor of the 21+ victims of the love parade  i lit a candle in memory of elmar  i plan on making a memorial item for elmars friends  if you want one please message me with your postal address  we will never forget you elmi elmar laubenheimer
i'm hoping this week is better than the last 
"violence on tv, and emergency doctor shows just dont interest me anymore when you can see it in reality   everything around me reminds me of death "
days are creeping by
"thanks to everyone sending their kind words   i have been left speechless, literally  thank you "
focus <propfemale>!
im starting to lose my words 
"when do you ask for that which can't be spoken?  if you read this, i beg you read between the lines "
"please know that life can never be the same for me   you know that feeling when you find out about <propfemale>, well its like i just found out   \what is the meaning of life?\"""""
sitting in my car for 20 mins now  can't really understand why  nothing more to say really 
today is my daughters first day of her last year in school  i can still remember her first day of her first year of school 
sometimes its not what a person says but what they don't say that should concern you 
"maybe i'm healing, maybe not?  i hate even leaving my bedroom after work   i close off the world to only open it again for my daily routine   i don't know if i want it to change "
join my discussion on the chaos in <propfemale> and what led up to it   feel free to share with your friends    http annoyed  www facebook com topic php?uid=90378027462&topic=16672
 
"gates, doors, walls, windows"
"a plea for help --> i was just informed that a family member of mine is recently homeless  he is 24, lost his job, and has a 2 year old daughter  he needs just a bit of help to get back on his feet   if you are either in the las vegas area or can assist in anyway, please let me know   i know its embarrassing to but with technology getting the word out, its the best available network   thanks in advance "
taking it easy!
i should be asleep but i have been awake for hours    now its almost time to get ready for work   sigh    
today was a very interesting day at work   i have to think about this one 
i have 2 stop waking up at 3am  sigh   
i have a migraine!!!  and i just finished a long and crucial interrogation from judge <propfemale>!!!
why is it that american product quality is scheiße?  ich bin zurück nach deutschland!!!
well i slept past 3 this morning    it was 4!  but its still an improvement  baby steps 
hot dogs are good! i don't care how <propmale> you are  hot dogs are good!
"as i opened my eyes this morning i thought of a friend i hadn't heard from in a short while  as i opened my computer i had only one email, it was from him   wow, the power of the heart  i was as shocked as you were "
"i'm\ an addict and let my friends convince me to return to my drug of \choice    i can't wait to just get a little taste again   it brings a \smile to my face  i know i need help  (confessions of a wow addict)"
i think my head is e playful loding   go away super migraine 
you try to help young people today and they tell you to f' off   the worst thing is that i will  if you're too ignorant to listen to your elders you deserve whatever happens 
"omg migraine finally gone!!!! for now    sad  \i can't take much more of these   i was near death "
wish for luck! <propfemale> was a chosen candidate to interview with the senator   if accepted she will travel on a 5 state tour with him!  fingers crossed 
getting a ct for my new migraine delimna  i hope something is causing them so it can be fixed 
17 yrs ago i was but a scared single parent  today i am a proud strong and successful mother of the best daughter in this world  thank you my god 
"i would like to encourage everyone to step outside your comfort zone   travel, get to know the rest of the world   it will open your eyes, mind about many things like racism, politics, wealth   try it, you can find tickets to europe for under $500   then come back and tell me about it   stop being the typical american, be all you can be "
supposedly my camera and other toys are in the mail   i can't wait! so many things to do  keeps my mind off everything else 
just sitting here alone wishing someone would talk to me   guess i will eat chocolate 
this doesnt feel like a 3 day weekend  it feels like wth'yend   its almost over   sad 
"250,000 days is an average life e playful ectancy, so don't rush them   look to monday as though its a precious one of a few  smile and tell someone how beautiful they are   live from the heart  life is too short to just be human   be all you can be "
"at work and all i can think about is politics and a pot of coffee   \yawn\"""""
"i want to have the wedding of my dreams, but i have no friends or family that would travel to attend   sigh    life sucks!"
"omg! sitting at work and i thought i heard a murloc   am i going insane or am i still an addict?  \loot received:  murloc eye\"""""
brain ache!
just because someone has the power to take advantage of you doesn't mean they should   i will fight for what's right until there's no more fight left in me 
the <propfirst> afb air show is this weekend   get there early 
"update:  my daughter was officially selected as one of the students to attend the senatorial college university 5-state tour   a one week tour to dc, <propfemale>, tennessee, north <propfemale>, and alabama   she had to make it through the initial interview but was informed this week that she was one of the selected few   \great job <propfemale>!  a great start to the rest of your life and i am very proud of you   love mommy   "
"update: my daughter was officially selected as one of the students to attend the senatorial college university 5-state tour  a one week tour to dc, <propfemale>, tennessee, north <propfemale>, and alabama  she had to make it through the initial interview but was informed this week that she was one of the selected few \great job <propfemale>! a great start to the rest of your life and i am very proud of you  love mommy  "
"i now have my new camera, without a card   (sad)  i get that today and start taking photos   check out my album soon to see what comes of it  <propfemale> metzger <propfemale> i need your photo smarts  smile "
"no, i still don't believe the towers fell due to radical islam   conspiracy theorists unite! yes, it's sad what happened to everyone involved, i just think it was caused by other than what was fed to us "
thank you god for september 12th   maybe now i can focus on september 13th    smile 
i think i will dedicate my next tree planting to my friend elmar   it will be a forsythia which blooms early but stays green the rest of the year round   i will plant the winter <propfemale> for the nice smell but because it blooms in the winter when all others have been forgotten   i will never forget him and will think of him year round 
"ludwig <propmale> beethoven, wow my brain is split open and its gushing with random intellectual thoughts   i forgot me until now  i recommend everyone listen to some nice piano or violin concerto's and clear your mind  this is the person i am  it tingles, it feels good   wowch!"
"thank you god, mom & dad for allowing me to grace this earth, to share me with the world  if i shall die before i wake, i pray that my heart was given for all to take "
the night is coming to a close  i can't deny my age now   thanks to everyone that did wish or wanted to wish me a happy birthday 
"thank you, it's another day  life is too short to waste it in bed   going for a walk "
"its a sad day when people wish you happy birthday in the morning and turn around to tell you of tragedy by nightfall  my prayers go out to my stepmother's family and everyone involved   please know that this day will be remembered by many for the reasons only god know   god, how much more will you place upon me, what am i to do, to learn, to take from this?"
going walking before the world wakes up in my backyard 
a true artist has a need to e playful el those things aching to get out   ouch!
"wisdom:  if you could tell someone age 30 and under only 1 point in life of wisdom, what would that 1 point be?  let's save our youth "
the world is a huge scary place  the monsters are no longer just under the bed or in the closet   they are living on the internetz
"happy friday to everyone   may all be blessed, kiss and hug your loved ones   http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=avrqvvbhuys"
"if you think there's a difference between black people and white people in 2010, then you obviously haven't checked your wallet   stop tripping over stupid blaming the world and start making the choices that will bring walla to your wallet "
"i woke up so sick this morning regurgitating, and sweat dripping off the tip of my nose       hmm   maybe i should google this   smile "
"a new day, no change  maybe i'm catching the flu   i'm going back to bed!"
"my stepmother <propfemale> magee walks with the lord hand-in-hand   she recently succumbed to her fatal wounds due to an automobile accident   she was a very nice, caring and loving person and helped my father thru his ups and downs  our lives and those of her friends and family will never be the same  there just doesnt seem to be enough prayers in the world today "
 
"i want to run away!, so far that neither the sun nor <propfemale> can find me   i want to hide so deep that neither the morning dew nor the grassy moss can sneak up on me   i want to die so the world can forget my face   i want to       <good morning world> enjoy your coffee "
"a little girl sits in the corner, while everyone walks by  she quietly mumbles to her doll   tears begin streaming down her face, but no one notices   she lowers her head and pulls her doll closer to her cheek   why doesn't anyone comfort her? she's alone, a ghost lost in time  she cries alone forever    sad "
"if you have any items to add for elmar's memory book, please message me as soon as possible   if you need to send them by post please let me know and i will share my address   i will also make sure you get your photo's returned "
"please do not send prayer chain emails to me! i won't forward them, and i won't read them   matter of fact, don't send any chain emails to me!"
it's friday!  still not enough time to do everything 
ich bin sehr müde
"hi all, sorry for my absence   i will try to respond to all messages soon    hugs   "
i finally got my tickets to germany  it hasn't been easy but i pulled it off   i more thing that's off my mind  <for now>
why does it feel so cold?
i went walking and left my camera in the car   i can't be a photographer this way 
why do people believe that they can outwit me? i didn't get to where i am today by being stupid or having nice boobage! f'n retards
- can't stay asleep 
"oh mr  time, please wait for me   you're moving too fast "
"so my bf, mom and dad's birthdays are all in november   any suggestions for what i could do for them or buy them?"
thanks for all the suggestions for the birthday ideas   very very helpful 
what is love? what is true love? why is life? why is death? i wish to walk the depth of the deepest ocean floors  god please hold my hand 
did you know that <propfemale> lauper is a lesbian? i was very shocked to hear this news?
um   i'm going to watch <propmale> potter with my daughter  @ @
standing in line  <propfemale> dropd her phone n broke it  if only shed put it up
why isn't <propfirst> answering his phone?
"<propmale> potter was just ok! it's not a kids show anymore, it's a love story   omg!"
i love my daughter   i'm so afraid of her entering this hellish world alone   she seems to believe what everyone else tells her    sad 
"time 2 cook  i love being a woman, and teaching my daughter what a real woman is all about  doing what needs to be done for family!"
happy thanksgiving! give your love not just food today 
do you enjoy food and love to write?  i am looking for writers to help populate the fb <propfemale> food heaven   readership is growing steadily  a great resume opportunity  message me for more details 
"i think the biggest evil in this world is for a father to steal from his daughter  to leave emptiness and yearning for his love  she lives her life seeking to fill that void or striving to pretend it doesn't matter  fathers i beg you to find your girls; call, visit or just write  but most of all find a way through rain, snow or hell to place your arms around them, hug them, tell them dads love conquers all "
why does it feel like i'm walking this earth alone? everything passes in the mist and fog  shadows as heavy as stone keep me locked in a state of never  a hundred years of gray 
"i wake up at 4am, finally get out of bed at 6am  the life of a miserable old hag "
"my mouth is numb, can't feel my tongue, and i think my face cold to the touch (dentist trip)   can you believe i can't speak?  i know, it's cold enough to snow in hell "
"a\\"""""
"secrets to success 2  if you can't pay it off in 30 days, you can't afford it  they get <propmale> off of your layaway, credit card delayed payments, and your lottery ticket dreams  save your money!"
please stop using all caps or you will be removed  its rude and seen as shouting  now you know
what do you want for christmas?
may dad is an awesome dance!
have you ever considered giving up trying to make your world better?  do you ever feel like your world exists only to torture you?
can't sleep again  so i started on the chocolate cake  i may b turning off fb soon 
fb allows open thoughts of everyone's ignorance  i'm truly a fan of mandatory education  parents of stupid people should be jailed 
"first off fb automatically updating me to the new version is stupid! secondly, where in the heck is that at&t tech? i am so about to change providers "
is it better working government or contractor?
"well friday, are you single?  i would like to date you "
i hope the snow won't keep me away europe   mother nature i beg you to calm your angry spirit and have some chocolate   it's on me!
i'm in newark waiting on plane to canada   new york ppl look new yorkish    angry 
i'm happy to report there's a lot of snow in quebec  i'm just passing thru  6 hour layover 
finally arrived from hell
all snowed in  no phone or internet 23 49 hours a day  gotta love it
alles gute im d'land 
wow i finally see fb comments  small things you miss
if i don't respond its prob cause i can't get ur msg  phone is dying once again  ttyl fb
today was beautiful in bamberg  tomorrow bonn
got to see elmi today  only god knows  is tomorrow the near or far?
leaving germany feels like i'm leaving my home again and again  its very hard to do 
scrolling the friends list  its sad when you get to the end and realize there's no one you can really and i mean really talk too 
my trip has been very inspiring 
omw home  what a feeling 
well i'm trying to get home   but the airport lost power  plane hasn't arrived  this sucks!
kk facebook fans  finally off the plane  safe but tired  <propmale> for keeping me sane  beaming out for the night
to all those i didnt get to talk to in europe when i visited i apologize  i will do what i can to keep in touch however   for everyone else outside europe i will try to catch up with all of you   thanks for your <propfemale> 
only god knows how i will handle 2011  last year i e playful erienced tragedies and upturns  at my age i just want to live  no more life lessons please 
i hate the new fb setup 
fb i'm not really available   i'm sorry but i'm going to try to find myself this year   message me if you want to share a thought or two 
"i want to congratulate my daughter <propfemale> (so proud) magee for wining an <propmale> contest and having her <propmale>work officially published in a local magazine   i hope to see more great feats of work by her in her lifetime   <propfemale>, i'm proud of you and love you more than any person could ever know "
"life is grand!\age 1-12: for the first 12 years of life, you have no worries of life  life is grand \age: 13-24:  for the next 12 years, you have no fear   life is what you make it and no one can tell you anything \age 25-29: for the next 5 years, you begin to realize that life around you is forcing you to make decisions and choose a path "
this year will be a great year in stocks 
"it's scary when you have that sick feeling that just appears in your tummy, then fear, then emptiness "
i think i'll start looking for jobs in europe again 
"if anyone is interested in taking part in a new restaurant startup, message me  looking for investors, partners, contractors, others "
to all of my friends that care to send the very best   i love chocolate and     
"oil poison the gulf, radiation poison pacific, and we remain silent  <propfemale> you should be screaming "
"this goes out to all men!  if you have a child and you're letting society determine if he grows up to be ghetto or trailer park, you should be ashamed!\\it's time for men to prove their manhood!  stop acting like boys and take responsibility for the youth of the future "
well another flat tire in less than 2 months     i'm feeling lucky 
"i e playful lained the gracious nature of my daughter's birthing delivery to her   i would say it went rather well   she didnt even barf   if you're gonna have a kid, suggest a video camera so you can aim for the barf effect when you do show it to them   playful "
"friends contest win $25 - to all of my now 291 friends on facebook as of april 03, 2011, i'm st<propmale>ing an <propmale> contest   upload & share your best work of <propmale> and win $25 usd   may include poetry, video, music, photo, etc  winner will be chosen from top 10 submissions  must be your own work  contest ends 17 april  more contest to follow "
"i came home yesterday to white carpets in my home    wait, x that  i mean they were black from the dog running freely thru the rooms    i held back my screams  life is too short "
"for anyone struggling to feed their family, walk into your local va hospital and enjoy a huge hot meal for under $4   we were completely surprised and the food was cooked by contractors   it was totally worth it which included a drink   nice!"
what will you do when the government shuts down?  a   go fishing  b  get drunk c  watch tv  d  sit at home and surf the internet
"my family line has super gorgeous men   tall, dark and handsomely strong black men  if only they took care of their children now   guys, i'm asking you to respect yourself and your children   be a real man!"
