acadb028399147bb8b6adeb1d0a70e25
blazin with the fam
about to smoke a bowl      anyone care to join me?
goin crazy with bordem       i need to smoke another bowl!!!!!! anyone care to join me?
runnin through the dark carnival swingin my hatchet
"i cant take the stress, i need a blunt"
mmmmmm       wake n bake
time to smoke!!!!!!!!
im in so much pain and no amount of weed or muslce relaxers seem to be workin
in alot of fuckin pain and cant sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no amount of weed or muslce relaxers pain killers seem to be helpin the pain go away!!!!!!
i feel so lost and confused           
"i feel so lost and confused      my emotions runnin wild       should i laugh, should i cry        its a constant battle raging on in my head       "
"well i guess this is it     i dont know where i stand with u and im afraid to ask but im just lettin u know that i care about u and as long as u think of me ill always be with     things have gotten to much for me and when i needed someone to be there, there was noone     ive fought this battle thats ragin on in my head for so long and everyday it gets harder and harder to bare      "
"well i guess this is it     i dont know where i stand with u and im afraid to ask but im just lettin u know that i care about u and as long as u think of me ill always be with u     things have gotten to much for me and when i needed someone to be there, there was noone     ive fought this battle thats ragin on in my head for so long and everyday it gets harder and harder to bare      "
just trin to live my life    if u aint gonna stand by myside get the fuck out the way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy new years!!!! this is gonna be awesome i get to spend new years wit my baby  laugh      i love you ash!!!! love 
happy fuckin new year fb friends    its finally 2011 and im madly in love wit my baby    i have an awesome family the best girlfriend anyone could ever ask for  laugh  and to top it all off im free    life couldnt get any fuckin better!!!! i love you ash!!!!
"e playful erts claim that one out of every four people suffer from mental illness  look at your three closest friends   if not them, then i guess its you "
lovin life and my baby shes my world my everything and i so cant wait for us to start our life together
chillin w  the fam    whoop whoop!
i love my baby and i miss him so much!!!!!  i cant wait to see u babe!!!!!
missin my baby!!!!!
missin my baby!!!!
i love u babe    ur my everything     i miss u!!!
missin my baby    wishin he was here cuddlin with me       i love u baby!!!
i love u baby so much!!!!! i cant wait for u to get here!!!!!
missin my love!!!!! i wish u were here baby!!!!
wishin my baby was in my arms     i love u so much hun!!!
havent been able to sleep for days     i miss my baby so much      i love u babe!!!!!
to all my imvu peepz heres my coupon code: bg72xzbcyr   use it and save $10 off any $50 purchase
ahhh       im fuckin losin it!!!!!!
i feel so sick        
goin to go lay down    i miss u baby and i love u so much
in pain     i pulled a muscle in my right arm     it fuckin sucks
waitin to go to the doctors     joy joy what fun       not!!!
got my lip pierced today!!!!
missin my man and my bbg!!!!
missin and lovin <propfirst> with <propmale> my heart       i cant wait to get him here in july     just knw that when he's here i wont be online   playful 
broken hearted and crushed beyond repair    ill love him until my heart can beat no more and i have no air left in my lungs      i love u <propfirst> and i always will
happy mutha fuckin birthday to me!!!    the one thing i want more then anything in this world   only one person can give me  
happy mutha fuckin birthday to me!!!    the one thing i want more then anything in this world   only one person can give me   lets party!
blah blah blah!!!!    its just been one of those days
wishin he was here!!!!! http annoyed  chatter com a 4inno?ref=nf
im lovin him so much!!!!! http annoyed  chatter com a 4nxma?ref=nf
im lovin him with all my heart!!!!!
"missin my baby and i wish that i already had him here    ill be workin my ass off to get him here    hes my world, i love him so much    "
don't let someone be your priority if all you are to them is an option    
outcast we the strange on display but little do they know i give a fuck what they say i represent all the killas and people who lost faith heaven's a journey and hell's just around the way where it's at just around the way heaven's a journey but hell's just around the muthafuckin' way
at the hospital wit my uncle    plz send ur well wishes and prayers
ive got my deadbody man!!!!! http annoyed  chatter com a 86wtk?ref=nf
tired as hell but cant sleep
missin him    trin not to get lost in my own thoughts http annoyed  chatter com a 8sxl0?ref=nf
fuckin goin nuts    my leg is fuckin killin me    just cut it off already!!!!! http annoyed  chatter com a 8uoo9?ref=nf
"sits lookin at her arms n legs all she sees r scares n brusies, a constant reminder of abuse n self-mutilation   a life she wished never existed   a life she could leave behind never to cross or treaten her mind"
bored as shit but atleast the leg is starin to feel better http annoyed  chatter com a 95dfp?ref=nf
damn this blows almost 9am and still havent slept     http annoyed  chatter com a 95x9h?ref=nf
if u would have sex with me click the like button if you're brave enough put this as y    http annoyed  chatter com a 96i1u?ref=nf
missin him    i wonder if he knows    i loved him then and i love him now    hope he knows he still means the world to me (i hope he knows this is for him)
gettin ready for the cookout tomorrow    joy joy    family time     blah
bored as fuck and tired as hell http annoyed  chatter com a 9kvlh?ref=nf
whoop whoop!!!! wats good fam?!?!?!? the boondox show is tonight i cant fuckin wait!!!! http annoyed  chatter com a akg2m?ref=nf
i hate fake ass lyin lil boys    where the real juggalo rydaz at    damn http annoyed  chatter com a ayoxy?ref=nf
hit me up on yahoo im moblie
whoop whoop!!!!
fuck insomnia    im so over this shit
feelin sick as hell    
hurtin all over im so tired and i feel like shit i just wanna sleep  but i cant   sad 
missin him
blah!!!
fuck everything it aint worth it   and to all u bitches the wanna talk shit about me and always got my name in ur mouth    swallow it    do u taste it   its good right     remember that taste when im beatin ur face in
doin dishes
fucked up and feelin like shit    nothin new there
all u bitches wanna talk shit bout me & always got my name in ur mouth  swallow it  do    http annoyed  chatter com a cbdbw?ref=nf
wooo     kings dominion this weekend wish yall could be there
sore as hell but i had an awesome time
i hope things get better
goin to bed
shower
now u gonna give me attitudebitch eat a hollow tip take ya own advise and put a barrel in ya own mouth cure ya handicap and blow ya mutha fuckin brains out do the world a favor ho and try to fix a big mistake pull tha trigger and send ya soul to hell for fuckiin heavens sake   pull that heata on ya put a hole in ya soul 9 milimeter make ya blood turn cold
smokin a bowl
use bengay or aspercream k y jelly or vasseline   anything to
i sold my soul to the devil for a  45 a black cowboy hat and a switch blade knife i might burn like a sinner if they take my life but its a cold day in hell before they take my life
i sold my soul to the devil for a  45 a black cowboy hat and switch blade knife i might burn like a sinner if they take my life but its a cold day in hell before they take my life
i sold my soul to the devil for a  45 a black cowboy hat and a switch blade knife i might burn like a sinner
smokin a bowl brb
(>-_-)> wet hugs <(-_
fuck my life!!!!!
i  love  my lunatik!!!!
this is bs there no reason for this im losin my sanity im lose my friend my homie my rock and its all my fault im such a fuck up
blah blah blah    dumb fake ass bitchs always talkin shit let me catch ur ass in the street and ima stick my hatchet in ur face
wooo! my baby bro is comin home on saturday and the the rest of the family comes in on sunday so we gonna have a full house     joy joy    i think ima lose my fuckin mind!!!! but it should be fun  annoyed 
have u ever loved someone so much that it hurt to be around them cuz u knew u could ne    http annoyed  chatter com a dycls?ref=nf
have u ever loved someone so much that it hurt to be around them cuz u knew u could ne   : http annoyed  lnk ms 9mj1h
bro gets in a 6pm and the rest of the family gets here at 5am tomorrow   joy joy   wat a week this is gonna be
bros home and the rest of the family gets here at 5am tomorrow   joy joy   wat a week this is gonna be
fuckin sun     i hate it!!!! i got second degree burns on my arms from that shit
had a awesome week just for my mom to go to work to get news about a close friend of 12 years losin his wife and son    my thoughts and best wishes go out to him and his family and also to my mom    i love u
i wish i could fuckin sleep
feels lost     
finally gonna try to get some sleep
he says the worlds againest him   even in his darkest hour he thinks nothin else can go wrong and then it gets a lil dark   i can only imagine how he feels   how do u comfort someone u feels as if theres no light at the end of the tunnel   i luv u uncle!
"whats on ur mind?    really?    wat if u dont have one for those of us who have lost it or losin it    wat would u ask then?    \wat r the voices tellin u today?\""    well if u really must know they tellin me to tell to the rest of the world to kiss my ass   playful     lmmfao"""
missin the one thing i never really had http annoyed  chatter com a fz8e2?ref=nf
missin the one thing i never really had
i dont fuckin get it if u dont wanna keep in touch then dont say u wat hurts even more then friends doin it is when ur family does it but its cool i wont sweat it    i came into this world alone and ill go out the same way
feelin a lil shitty today
downloadin music to the laptop
feels like im losin wats left of my sanity
~fills her mind go blank and her body go numb as a blank e playful ression crosses over her face she wonders how long this feeling will last if theres a way to make it last forever~
u said u were different u said u loved me so i gave u my heart n u took it a ran wit it so now all i have is an emptiness a hole where my heart should be ~as a tear falls she states~ i will be strong i will be ok ~hangs head~ i dont have any other choice
woohoo!!!!!!!!!!
2 more days until my soon to be sister in law gets here
here comes the storm
"chillin, makin pics watchin ghost hunters       woohooo!"
feelin like shit im over this these fuckin dumb shit drs need to figure out wtf is wrong wit me (fuckin leg infection again) grr
someone take this fuckin pain away           http annoyed  chatter com a h5axf?ref=nf
just got home from the er and i feel worse then when i went    i swear i fuckin hate stupid ass drs
another night of no sleep thanks to my fuckin leg    grrr im so fuckin over this
"so todays a blah kinda day: the weather sucks, my leg is still hurtin a lil and my love isnt in my arms (yet)    laugh  hehe"
~holds u in my arms~ i will be ur strength in ur darkest hours i will stand by u even when u try to push me away    no matter life or death ima stand by urside u dont have to suffer alone    i love u  love 
missin my baby so much http annoyed  chatter com a hyuf1?ref=nf
bored as shit missin my baby    i love u baby i hope u feel better soon http annoyed  chatter com a i5vaj?ref=nf
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
synced their myspace account to twitter http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
missin my baby!!!!
lovin my baby!!!! love : http annoyed  lnk ms d3yhn
q: which would you prefer an early night with   a: honestly nither   id prefer to be home com   : http annoyed  lnk ms d4lxx
outside    i love u ash! love 
goin to bed    i love u ash! love  ~holds u tight in my arms~
woke up to sound of my babys voice tellin me she loves    the only way that could get any better was if she was in my arms    i love u baby! love 
ash waz here!!!!!!!!!!! mwhahaha love u baby  playful 
these r the days when my strength wont be measured by how much i can lift but how many times i can get knocked down and still stand back up on my own two feet and for the days when i cant i k i have someone to <propfemale> on    i love you ash!!!! love 33
"children with special needs do not have an illness  it’s not contagious  they only want what we want   to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least one hour? - it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help"
missin my girl and pissed off that my computers down so if u need me and u got the number hit me up if i dont answer im more then likly spendin time wit my baby    i love u ash!!!! love 
y does everything have to be so fuckin hard!!!!!!!!! i just want to be with my girl and be happy!!!!!!!! y do people have a problem with that?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! ash baby i love u and no matter wat ima be with u!!!!!!
ok so i found out that my lab work was abnormal so now i have to go see the dr tomorrow    i really hope its not as bad as half the shit runnin throu my head    im not a religious person so i dont i pray but if yall could send some well wishes my way i could really use all the luck i could get and baby ur the best thank u so much for standin by me throu all this    i love u ash!!!!!!!!! love 
so i find out in just about an hour and half the results of all my blood work im so fuckin nervous since i already know that somethings wrong    i so wish my baby was here with me    i love u ash!!!! love 
went to the doctor today and found out that i need to go see a specialist about my liver  sad      no drinkin no tylenol nothin that will put stress on my liver but on the plus side ill be able to see my baby for her bday    i love u ash!!!!!  love 
feelin like shit wishin i was cuddled up in bed with my baby    i so cant wait to see her    i love u ash!!!!!
countin down the days til ill be in the arms of my baby    i love u ash!!!!! love     (13 days)
countin down the days til ill be in the arms of my baby    i love u ash!!!!!?    (12 days)
countin down the days til ill be in the arms of my baby    i love u ash!!!!!?    (11 days)
countin down the days til ill be in the arms of my baby    i love u ash!!!!!?    (10 days)
countin down the days til ill be in the arms of my baby    i love u ash!!!!!?    (9 days)    yay single digits!!!
countin down the days til ill be in the arms of my baby    i love u ash!!!!!?    (8 days)    i so wish i could speed up time
yay!!!! im so excited 7 more days and ill be in my babys arms    i love u ash so much!!!!  love 
yay!!!! im so excited 6 more days and ill be in my babys arms    i love u ash so much!!!! ? (now if only time could speed up)
yay!!!! im so excited 4 days and 9 hours then ill be in my babys arms    i love u ash!!!! ?
yay!!!! im so excited 4 days then ill be in my babys arms    i love u ash!!!! ?
im so excited in a lil over a day the love of my life will be on her way here to spend the week with me and celebrate her birthday    i so cant wait    i love u ash!!!!!  love 
i so cant wait im so ready for thursday to get here    i love u ash!!!!!  love 
sittin outside with my sister in law <propfemale> to excited to sleep cuz my baby is only 10hours away    yay    i love u ash!!!!!!
layin down with a killer toothache  sad  and im missin my baby but on the upside ill get to see her soon    i love u ash!!!!
spendin time with my baby    i love u ash im so glad ur here
chillin eattin noodles wit my baby
lovin life and my baby    ash is everything i couldve ever asked for and so so much more    i love u baby with all my heart and soul
sittin here watch my baby sleep    im so not lookin forward to sayin goodbye to her tomorrow    i love u ash!!!!!  love 
sittin at the bus station with my baby waitin for her bus    im so excited that my momma decided to meet her but im so sad that shes gotta go home but ik everythings gonna be ok and ill be back in her arms soon    i love u ash more then u could ever imagine  love 
"wow, wat a fuckin night!!!!!!!! my fience leaves to go back to <propfemale> and i get in a fight with    my brother (aint gonna say more then that)    missin my baby like crazy she is truely my world i couldnt ask for anything better    i love u ash forever and always  love "
" annoyed (  missin my baby i hope she calls me soon so i k she is home safe    i love u ash!!!!"""
im so already wishin that my baby was back in my arms and she hasnt even been gone 24 hours yet    im tellin yall that girl has my mind body and soul wrapped around that finger of hers id do anything for her    she has truely stolin my heart    i love you ash!!!!  love 
got a huge bonus by answering questions about friends  http annoyed  lnk ms cbrw0
missin my baby i so cant wait til i can go see her and be back in her arms where i belong    i love you ash!!!! love 
got a huge bonus by answering questions about friends  http annoyed  lnk ms cgfmp
i just unlocked an opinion from <propmale> hyde http annoyed  lnk ms c6sks
whoop whoop wikid dreams fam!!!!!!     i love you ash!!!!  love 
feelin alil sick but i gotta clean house  sad      missin my baby i wish she was here to make me feel better    i love you ash!!!  love 
sittin here bored and lost without my baby    i wish i was back in her arms where i belong    i love you ash!!!!  love 
talkin to my baby gettin ready for bed    night all mmfwcl    i love you ash!!!!  love 
bored missin my baby  sad 
 crying      missin my baby    feelin lost and lonely without her    i love you ash!!!  love 
sittin outside listenin to the rain fall missin the love of my life and wishin that i was in her arms    i love you ash!!!! ?
ahhhh another day full of bs    blah    im missin my baby like crazy i wish it was christmas already  playful      i love you ash!!!!  love 
layin down missin my baby    i love you ash!!!!  love 
"she tells me im perfect,  i smile and think to myself no im just me    then it hits me maybe im perfect at just bein me    baby <propmale> for always makin me feel like im worth something for makin me feel beautiful even when i dont think i am    i love you so much ash!!!  love "
theres always that one person that u cant live without that just the thought of u losin them kills u inside    theres always that one person u live eat and breath for    baby u r my everything and im so glad ur in my life    i love you ash!!!!  love 
~thinks to self~ somethings the rest of world should never k    ~keeps rest of thought to self~     i love you ash!!!!! more then u could possiably imagine
"feels like ihave everything i could ever want aslongas shes by myside yet still in the back of my mind i fear it could all be gone 2morrow, not by her choice or mine but by the unknown  how can 1 feel so on top of the world n still feel like the next step could be their last  idk wats goin 2 happen from day2day, 1 thing ik for sure is that i love her more then words could say nwit her by myside i can conquer anything"
madly deeply in love with the girl of my dreams    everything is better with her she is my whole world and nothing could ever change that    i love you ash!!!!  love 333
"woooo!!!!! mom gets my ticket on friday and then 14 days later ill be back in the arms of my baby, i miss her so much everyday without her has been pure torcher    i love you ash, you r my everything!!!!!"
wooo!!!! i got my ticket today to go see my baby    i leave here on the 6th (a few days later then planned but its ok) i so cant wait    and the count down begins!!!!!    i love you ash and ill be in ur arms so!!!! yay!!!  laugh 
13 days and countin    leavin a lil after 8pm on the 6th to go spend a month with my baby and i so can wait    i love you ash!!!!  love 
http annoyed  lnk ms gnlch
"dear mr president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an    increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? keep it going if you agree!"
i swear some people annoy the shit outta me n with each passin day it seems like my disgust n dislike of these people get progressively worse i try 2 hold my tongue but im findin it harder n harder to keep my thoughts n opinions to myself to suit others n keep the peace  im so glad that in about 12 days i will be on a bus headed to see my baby for a month  this is gonna be the best xmas newyears ever  i love you ash!
ahhhh!!!! i hate bein sick and with only a week til my trip i so hope i get over this shit quick i so dont wanna be sick on that bus trip    i love you ash and i so cant wait to be in ur arms again!!!
"so this is the count down 3 more full days then i leave on monday at 8:40pm and i arrive in <propfemale> around 1 smile 0pm    i so cant wait, this is gonna be the best x<propfemale>s new years cuz ill be in the arms of my baby    i love you ash!!!!! love 3"
"had a crazy busy day today, went shoppin wit the rents (their the greatest) got some new clothes and shit for my trip so i gotta repack my suitcase lol   its all good thou    got to chill wit my homies <propfemale> and <propfemale> (aint seen them in forever so that was nice) now im home waitin for my baby to call    i love you ash!!!!!!    got this weekend then ima be out monday at 8:40pm    i so cant fuckin wait!!!!"
spent the night at megans to go to christmas town today    barly slept thou i missed my baby so bad but its all good ill be in her arms come tuesday afternoon i so cant wait    i love you ash!!!!! 1 more day then monday i leave on the greyhound to be wit my baby    im so excited!!!!!
alright so tomorrow i leave and im so excited and nerves all at the same time    not really one to give a fuck about wat people think about me but for some reason im worried if her families gonna like me ~shrugs~ go figure lol    anyway got a kinda busy day today gotta clean and get my hair cut    i love you ash!!!!  love 
"woooooo!!!!!!!!!! leavin to get on the bus to go see my baby, the next time yal hear from me ill be in <propfemale> wit my baby ash    i love you ash and ill be there soon!!!!!   i so cant wait!!!!"
finally here!!!!!! woooo!!!!! i fuckin love it everyones chill as hell       i love you baby and im so glad to be here with u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lovin bein here wit my baby i love you ash!!!  love 33  missin my lil <propmale> and the rents   love you guys!!!
lovin my baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
chillin with my baby havin a lazy day  laugh      i love you ash!!!  love 
attention farmville addicts: my girl is addicted to farmville badly and wants more friends who play so add and shell gift you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! add ash nottellin
made cookies and fudge wit my baby now just relaxin    i love you ash!!!!!  love 
layin down for the night wit my baby    i love you ash!!!!    to the fam and peepz back in va night i miss yall    whoop whoop!!!!
bein feelin sick all day    wikid tummy ache and head ache and a wikid lack of energy    slowly startin to feel better thanks to my baby
chillin wit my baby and <propfemale> havin a really chill night    talkin about random bs  lol  reminds me of the old days and makes me miss home and those that were always there for me to talk to u    i love you ash!!!! u r my world  love 
chillin wit my baby and her family for christmas eve    gotta call the family back home at some point today and wish everyone a <propfemale> xmas    i love you ash!!!!  laugh 
bloody xmas and a wikid new year to all the fam    whoop whoop!!!!
chillin wit the fam watchin <propfirst> jump around like a happy retard playin some connect game for ps3    its the funniest shit ive ever seen lmao    i love you ash!!!!
chillin takin care of my baby cuz shes not feelin well    i love you ash hope u feel better soon!!!!!
goin to bed to loves on my baby  laugh      i love you ash!!!!!!
ok so my baby is the best in the whole world and i could never ask for anyone better shes absoultly amazin in everyway    i love you ash!!!! oh and not to mention shes a total computer wiz shes almost got my peice of junk laptop workin  laugh 
my fevers finally gone but the nausa i cant seem to shake  sad  havent eattin in almost 48 hours this is such bs but im so glad im wit my baby shes been awesome takin care of me    i love you ash!!!!
ok so im feelin so much better i could actually eat witout feelin like ima puke  smile      my baby did an awesome job takin care of me    i love you ash!!!  love 
so its new years <propfemale> and i still feel a lil blah but still way better then ive been for the past few days thanks to my baby  smile      i love you ash!!!!  love 
so my trip is almost over and it sucks to be completly honest but at the same time i miss my home and my family but havin to leave my love behind is the worest i just hope it wont be long before ill be with her again    i love you ash!!!!  love 
cleanin mine and ashs room then washin clothes so i can pack my suitcase  sad  leavin in a lil over 48 hours    i love you ash and ima miss u like crazy!!!!
<propfemale>de dinner for everyone so now im just chillin trin to get as much time wit ash as possible    ill finish packin my suitcase tonight and ill be leavin about 4:45pm tomorrow  sad  i<propfemale> miss my baby so fuckin much i love you ash!!!! to all the fam in adams <propfemale> whoop whoop!!!! it was a blast lol
alright so ima call it a night so i can rest up for tomorrow  sad  i so dont wanna leave her    i love you ash!!!!
"i'm a bitch !!!     unfortunately most women won't repost this    i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is    i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best       if you're a bitch, repost!    i dare you "
 sad  on the bus now and it blows i havent even been up here 20 mins yet and i already want to get off and run back into the arms of my baby im missin her so much already its unreal i just hope i can make it home without breakin down completely thou i have yet to stop crin since ive been on this fuckin thing  sad      i love you ash!!!!!  love  and im sure ill be in ur arms again before to long
missin my baby like crazy    i love you ash!!!!    almost home just left richmond so in about 2 hours ill be hittin hampton    i would say home sweet home but u k the sayin home is where the heart is    if thats really the case then mines back in <propfemale>
finally at the house layin down in bed trin to sleep but its not really workin i miss my baby i need her arms around me    i love you ash!!!!!
so its the end of my first day home and all i want is my baby in my arms where she should always be    now i just hope that mom allows her to come stay in feb for atleast 2weeks so i can spend valentines day with her  laugh      i love you ash!!!!  love 
ok so ive been home since the 7th and im findin it very difficult to sleep without my baby and on top of that im sick and nothin i do seems to help    i need my baby she always makes me feel better    i love you ash!!!!  love 
just took some nyquil so ima lay down for a few and hopefully get some sleep and dream about good times with my baby    i love you ash!!!  love 
sittin wit my nephew watchin aladdin and listin to the family yell at the tv about the eagles game lol    wishin my baby was here i love you ash  love 
well the eagles lost and i gave my nephew back to his rents    
ive always known that ash had my heart mind body and soul but i never really understood just how strong our bond was til just now    
since ive been with her ive been off my bipolar meds and havent had a <propmale> episode no emotional roller coater (for those of u who dont k thats the most amazin thing ever for me)
the month i spent with her was bliss and now im here back in va and shes back home in <propfemale> and i feel like my world is fallin down around me i feel so lost but im strong so ill make it thru this like ive made it thru all the other hard times in my life but the up side to this is when its all said and done ill be in the arms of the most awesome girl alive my best friend my love my hubby  laugh    i love you ash ur my world!!
"please copy to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who has their head stuck up their ass  people who have their head up their ass disrupt the lives of many  although there is still no cure for someone who has their head up their ass, we must remain hopeful  please help raise awareness!!! 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they have their head stuck up their ass too!!"
idk wat to say other then goodnight
it looks like another night of no sleep  sad  yay me    im sick and i feel so lost    i miss my baby and im feelin like my life is bein riped from underneath me i really hope its just my insecurities gettin the best of me becuz i would hate to lose the one thing that truly makes me happy    i love you ash i will always be ur ride or die lette always remember that!!!!  love   love 
ok so its 8am and against my better judgement i just took close to half a bottle of nyguil now ima go lay down and hope to actually get atleast a few hours of sleep    i love you ash!!!!  love 
sick as hell puckin my guts out  sad  havent eattin in 24 hours so im sure u can only imagine    i just wish my baby was here to hold me and make me feel better i need to be in her arms where i belong    i love you ash!!!!  love 
"achoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?       if you're allergic to bull\shit, drama queens, head games, liars, 2 faced people, keep this sneeze\going   i can't wait to see who'll repost"
my whole world is fallin apart and id wat to do short of endin it all     i love that girl to death shes my everything without her theres no point    i love you ash plz k that  sad (
goin to bed just wishes i could rewind time and forget today ever happen    i love you ash!!!! plz k that
"ahhhh!!!!! another night wit no sleep cuz of this fuckin bein sick bs (sore throat, pains in my chest from the coughs and dry heaves) i just want it to end    i think ima get dad to take me to the er today    i love you ash and miss u so fuckin much!!! love "
at er waitin to see the doc  sad 
so im sittin here at the fuckin er surrounded by idiot drs(i really wonder how they made it thru med schoolsometimes)pokin at me and runnin test send me for chest xrays and everything else under the sun    1st i hate hospitals 2nd im here alone    this is bs it sucks so bad  sad ( i should be wit my baby when im sick not here    ash i love you and i need to be in ur arms where i belong    i hate bein here  sad (
yay im finally out of the damn hospital after almost 4 hours    so i have a serve case of bronchitis    
so i finally got about an hour of sleep nowhere near enough to even make a difference to be honest so now im waitin for mom to get home so i can go pick up my meds    i hope this shit helps cuz i cant take it anymore    sick and in pain missin my baby i just wish she was here and i was in her arms where i belong    i love you ash!!!  love 
finally got my meds yay!!!! now ima lay down for a few and hope to atleast get a few hours of sleep before my baby calls me to remind me to take them again    i love you ash!!!  love   love   love 
yay!!!!! i finally got to sleep for a few hours thanks to my baby keepin me company on the phone til my meds kicked in but i still feel like shit thou hopefully this shit goes away soon so i can get back to normal and back to my routine    i love you ash u r the greatest thank you so much for everything u do!!!  laugh    love   love   love 
k so my meds r kickin in and im gettin really drowsy so ima cuddle up wit my babys stewie blanket and txt her til i passout    i love you ash!!!!  love 
yay im so happy i got to see my baby on cam    damn i miss her so much    i love you ash
movin all my stuff back to my old room  laugh      i love you ash and i cant wait for u to be here!!!!  love   love   love 
so my lil <propmale> just left to go back to alabama  sad  its so quiet witout him here
"im so ready for this sickness to be gone    im so tired of havin no strength or energy to do anything and not bein able to eat actual food  sad  well i just took my meds so ima lay down for a few and try to get some rest its been a long past 2 days    i love you ash and cant wait for u to finally be here, i need to be in my babys arms where i belong!!!!  love   love   love "
still sick but not as bad as i have been    i love you ash and miss u so much!!!!  love   love   love 
ahhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im tired of bein sick i want it to go away  sad 
champagne  love   love   love 
yay i could finally hold down something other then soup!!! thats a good sign now if only the rest of this shit would go away     i love you ash ? i cant wait for u to be here
goin to lay down my meds r really gettin in right now  smile      gonna watch a lil tv and wait for my baby to call before i pass out    i love you ash!!!  love   love   love 
feelin a lil down today hopin that my cousin is ok and gets the help that she needs before its to late    missin my baby more then words can e playful ress i cant wait for her to be here in my arms where she belongs    i love you ash!!!!  love   love   love 
still feelin a lil shitty so ima go lay down for a few and wait for these meds to kick in and knock my ass out yay liquid vicodin!!!!! im so ready for this shit to be over    i love you ash and i cant wait til ur here!!!!  love   love   love 
got dishes to wash and applications to fill out so i can find me a job    all thats left from my sickness is a sore throat and a slight cough hopefully it goes away soon i have alot of shit i need to get done    i love you ash!!!!  love   love   love 
bored watchin transformers while i wait for my meds to kick in and waitin for my baby to call    i love you ash!!!!  love   love   love 
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11 !! now figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year & post what you get       i got 111 for me"
goin wit dad to pick out some new fish for our tank  laugh 
i bet nobody can answer all these correctly about me: age___birthday___eyecolor___haircolor____nickname___ favorite color____best friend____ favorite food_____who am i with?_______ favorite animal?_________put this as your status to see who gets it right 
bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! goin to take the last of my meds    missin my baby i so cant wait for her to come here im so excited    i love you ash!!!!!  love   love   love 
"~i am a handful, i'm strong, wild, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post!~"
woke up at 9am for no real reason other then i couldnt sleep  surprisingly enough its been like this alot since ive been home  fall asleep anywhere between 2 & 4 am on the phone with my baby & it seems in a matter of hours when my brain finally realizes that the phone connection as dropped & shes no longer on the other line im wake & cant go back to sleep ~sighs~ oh well soon i wont have to worry about it anymore  
debating rather or not i wanna take an hour or so nap while i wait for my baby to get online    i love you ash!!!! love   love   love 
so my baby will be here sometime around valentines day and i so cant wait ive been goin absolutely insane without her    i love you ash!!!!!!  love   love   love 
being away from her is pure torture on the heart & soul with each passin second were apart it seems like an eternity  in the end ik when we r finally back in each others arms it wouldve been well worth the wait  to kiss her soft lips & feel her gentle touch to hear her speak thos 3 lil words that always make my heart melt may seem like a distant dream but soon it will be a reality id be more then happy to wake up to
goin to grandparents for my grandfathers b day!!
gonna lay down for a lil bit to try and get rid of this headache while my babys playin her video game    i love you ash!!!!! love   love   love 
woke up to my dad cuttin a fuckin hole in the wall at 8am!!!! wtf!!!! lmao
on cam wit my baby  smile 
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it!!!!
missin my baby    i so cant wait for her to be here in my arms where she belongs    i love you ash!!!!  love   love   love 
yay!!!! everyone my bro passed his writin part of his g e d so now he only has one more test and hell be done    congrats lil bro im so proud of u     it just goes to show anything is possible as long as u put ur mind to it
gonna lay down for a lil while and watch tv    hopefully ill hear from my baby soon    i love you and miss you ash!!!!! love   love   love 
talkin to my baby on the phone    gonna passout with her    i love you ash and i so cant wait for u to be here!!!! love   love  love 
"just woke up, ive got alot of stuff to do today    clean room, do dishes, do laundry, get ready for interview tomorrow at 9am (wish me luck)    i love you ash!!!! love   love   love "
cant do shit right today  sad   includin walkin on a wet floor  sad ( just busted my ass and hit my head   yay headache    
watchin family guy talkin to my baby  smile      i love you ash!!!!  love  love  love 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you | 1 violent | 2 i'd marry you |3 hot |4 sweet | 5 beautiful | 6 talkative | 7 trustworthy |8 my best friend | 9 funny | 10 fun | 11 i love you | 12 perfect type |13 missing you | 14 goofy | 15 blonde | 16 one of the best people i've met
so i just got home from my interview and it went really well i just hope they call me with a job soon  smile       missin my baby hopefully she got some sleep and ill hear from her soon    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
"pretty pretty please, don't you ever ever feel\like you're less than f*ckin' perfect\pretty pretty please, if you ever ever feel like you're nothing\you're f*ckin' perfect to me!"
lovin life and my baby     im so excited shell be in my arms soon and for the rest of our lives    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
goin to soak for a lil while not feelin to good today    missin my baby more then anything in the world    i love you ash so fuckin much and i cant wait for u to be here and in my arms in the next week or so  love   love   love 
helpin my bro study for his math test    missin my baby i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
"lovin how my words have so much power  for real if u cant hack it back the fuck up  told u u need thick skin to be in this family & u got booted cuz u couldnt <propfemale> & now u mad  i call it like i see so if it walks like slut, dresses like a slut then it must be a slut so i hope u dont think by deletin me & mine that ur hurtin my feelins cuz for real u just saved me some precious time  "
i swear im the luckiest fuckin lette in the world  laugh  my baby is so amazin    i love you ash!!! love  love  love 
talkin to my baby and goin to bed    i love you ash!!!! love   love   love 
missin my baby im so ready for her to be here    i love you ash!!! love  love  love 
goin to bed wishin my baby was here    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
chillin at home wit the family wishin my baby was here    but shell be here soon  smile  i so excited    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
hmmmm it taste like blood  surprise  my lil bro busted my lip lol put my tooth right thru the inside of it    joy joy    just glad i dont need stitches
~cries~ aint heard from my baby all day  sad  i missin her so much i just wish she was here    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
so its 6 smile 0 and im finally gonna say goodnight fb and whoop whoop mmfwskcl to all my fam night luv yall    i love you ash!!!  love  love  love 
"atchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?        if you're allergic to bullshit, drama queens, head games, liars and 2-faced people, keep this sneeze going    i can't wait to see who'll re-post this"
"put this as your status, and see what you get \red: i love you  ?\pink: you're cute [ annoyed green: you're funny[ annoyed white: i used to like you heart-broken \yellow: your amazing\black: i miss you  annoyed \blue: friends forever[ annoyed purple: you're hott  wink \brown: your sweet\aqua: i want to be yours foreverr \gray: your r-e-t-a-r-d-e-d, but i love you[:"
layin down for a few to take a nap    i love you ash cant wait for u to be here!!!! love  love  love 
bitches r gonna learn not to fuck wit me and my family  laugh  lol
alright its almost 5am and i need to get some sleep so wikid dreams and bloody nightmares fb    whoop whoop mmfwskcl!!!!    i love you ash!!!!!
ight fb its time to say goodnight     3am and im finally ready to passout    wikid dreams and bloody nightmares fam    whoop whoop mmfwskcl!!!!!     i love you ash cant wait to be able to fall asleep wit u in my arms again soon!! ! laugh 
watchin tosh 0 waitin for my baby to get up    i love you ash!!!!  love  love  love 
yay!!!!! super excited!!!!!! just found out my baby will be here thursday next week!!!!!! yay!!!!!    i love you ash and i so cant wait for u to get here!!!! ???
"no matter what may occur in <propfemale>fe everyday with her is <propfemale>ke a plus\ima love her til she be <propfemale>ke thats enough pop a bottle get a couple wine glasses fill em up n <propfemale>ft em up let us toast 2 the future heres to us  no heres to her\they wonder how we do what we do panamera porsches me n you\stuck to ur side <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>ke glue be by ur side watever ur goin throu\when were high  when were low but i promise i will never let u go"
woohoo!!!!! ghost hunters in a mental hospital!!!!!!
layin down waitin for my baby to call    night fb    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
i hate people u try to treat us any less then human    y is it that our sexual preference is so much of ur business    the reason we fight for our rights and stand up for wat we believe is becuz of people like u whod rather see us shot or <propmale> or burned at the stake like we were witches    we arent wired wrong and it wasnt a choice    
"dear cupid, spear me ur magic bow and air-row for i have a love more magical and wonderful then any god could give me, a love more pure and true then the world has ever known    so plz dont waste ur magic on me and my love for we r already bond by our souls for all eternity but plz do use ur magic in the hopes that others may find and share a love like mine    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love "
yay!!!! 5 more days til my baby is in my arms again im so fuckin excited i barely k wat to do with myself  smile  lol     i love you ash more then words could ever e playful ress and im so glad well be startin our lives together very soon
"brothers week!!!! if you have brothers who've made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you to no end, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are proud to have in your life re-post this as your status"
tacos!!!!!!!!  laugh 
flippin back and forth between husk and family guy lmao wat a combination    next is hallowed ground  laugh      i so cant wait for my baby to get so we can watch movies together and cuddles  smile      just 5 more days    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
"4 days until my baby gets here, yay!!!!!! i cant wait  laugh      i love you ash!!!! love  love  love "
missin my baby    i love you ash!!! love  love  love 
bored!!!!! watchin <propfirst> dirty lol and textin my baby  i love you ash!!!!  got some phone calls to make tomorrow to try and get a job
3 days!!!!!!! thats all i can say im so excited ~jumps around and does happy dance~
wishin i could fall asleep and not wake up til friday mornin when i have to go pick up my baby at the bus station    im so ready for this wait to be over 2 days 22 hours and 39 mins    i love you ash!!!!! love  love  love 
2 days and 2 hours till my babys here!!!!!!! i love you ash!!!! love  love  love 
woohoo!!!!!!! my baby leaves on the bus tomorrow to come here  laugh  i so cant wait im so excited!!!!!! i love you ash!!!!! love  love  love  love 
1 day and 7 hours and 5 mins til my baby will be here in my arms    i so cant wait    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
layin down watchin tv hopin to hear from my baby soon    1 day 4 hours and 15mins til ill be able to hold my baby in my arms    i love you ash!!!!????
woohoo!!!!!! in 16hrs and 5mins my baby will be here in my arms  laugh  yay i so cant wait    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
 laugh  talkin to my aunt and just realized that i havent had any <propmale> bipolar moments since me and my baby got together even off my meds  smile  for those of u that really k me u k that thats amazin  laugh  and i also noticed that other then my lil attack of pneumonia i havent had any <propmale> infections or health issues in almost 3 months  laugh      in other news: ash will be here 7hrs and 45mins yay!!!!! i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
yay my baby will be here in like an hour  laugh  im so excited i cant wait to hold her in my arms again    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
woohoo!!!!! goin to the bus station to pick up my baby  laugh  shes less then 20mins away    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
day as been completely awesome!!!! woke up next to my baby and went out to dinner and a movie at cinema cafe    the rite was an interestin movie for sure lol    i love you ash and im so glad ur finally here with me ur the greatest!!!! love  love  love  love 
woohoo!!!! my computer is back up and runnin!!!!!!
chillin wit my baby playin games and watchin american dad!!!!!
goin to bed wit my hubby  laugh      i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
"everyone's phone number is now on facebook!! no joke    go to the top right of your screen, click account then edit friends  go to the left side of your screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone <propfirst> are now being published  please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their <propfirst> by    changing their privacy settings  (privacy settings-phone-customize-only me) "
woohooo     got my baby and we crazy fucked up  playful  i love random people off the street    lmao
gonna go lay down wit my baby and watch a movie  laugh  i love you ash!!!!! night fb   mmfwskcl
doin dishes while my baby takes a nap    i love you ash!!!!! love  love  love  love 
makin noodles for my baby then hopefully lyin down to watch a movie    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
waitin for my baby to finish her game then its movie time then off to bed    night fb
woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wake and bake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! then off to watch the first season of house wit my baby  playful 
chillin wit the hubby and the rest of the family    this should be a good day  laugh      i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
goin to the mall with the hubby bbl fb
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
watchin ncis while the hubby studies for class     woohoo im so proud of u baby    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
"hi!!!\ playful "
goin to smoke then its off to bed wit my baby to watch house    i love you ash!!!! love  love  love  love 
"could life get any better i have my hubby, the best family ever and amazing friends    i luv yall    thank u for always bein there and keepin me strong    i love you ash!!!!"
feelin a lil shitty but this to shall pass    sometimes i wish life was easier but then again it wouldnt be worth very much in the end so thru the struggles ill keep my head up and keep those that push me and keep me strong by myside
"lmao how is it that i have a million and one friends, none in hampton,va and the ones close aint got cars    wats up wit that? me and the hubby r bored and wat peoples to chill     hit me up  playful "
so me and the hubby went for a walk to see one of my friends and on the way back we were invovled in a dry hump drive by wit some lil black dog    lmao
"i'm a bitch!  unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken & i tell it like it is-i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a bitch, repost this    i dare you!"
so over the pain in my knee  -_-
goin to the er      -_-
ok so i have patellofemoral syndrome and ligament damage in my left knee    so i have a to wear a knee immobilizer and crutches    yay me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
chillin wit my baby  laugh 
lovin life with my baby    just wishin my laptop was workin  troubled  fuckin charge  laugh       i love you ash!!!!! love  love  love  love 
woohoo!!!!!! me and the hubby get to <propfemale> out wit murphy today  laugh  so im hopin today will be a good day    i love you ash!!! love  love  love  love 
goin to bed to cuddle wit my baby    i love you ash!!!!!!! love  love  love  love 
~yawns~ early rise yet again for another dr appt  woohoo  troubled      i love you ash!!!!!!!! love  love  love  love 
my hubby makin taco bake for dinner    yummmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!
st patricks day parade tomorrow out in ocean view!!!!!!! come chill 10am             me and the hubby will be chillin hit us up if u wanna <propfemale> out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i love you ash!!!!!!!!!!!! love  love  love  love 
awesome day wit the hubby and bbg <propfemale> and <propfirst>    
had an awesome night chillin wit my hubby and my homegirl jes and her roommates and the cutiest lil monkey named <propmale>  laugh 
woohoo i start school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!
finishin my paper while the hubby is sleepin of the drugs he got at the er     my poor hubby has sciatic nerve damage but right now he feels no pain     i love you ash and i hope u fel better soon!!!!!!  love  love  love  love 
finishin my some class homework while the hubby takes a nap then ima play some sims 2   laugh 
woohoo!!!! so far school is goin good i just hope the next few weeks for this course go by just as good    gonna check up on my family on imvu then maybe play a lil sims while the hubby plays scarface
so far so good things r really startin to look up now lets just hope they stay this way    lovin my hubby and my family  smile 
goin to cuddle wit my hubby and watch monster quest  laugh        i love you ash u r my everything!!!!  love  love  love  love 
"its fuckin nice as fuck\ who wants to chill?"
