7b559e0164bdd1b353f1fc6a2776ea2a
hate texas can't wait to move
watz up fb
had a great weekend smile 
good morning  smile 
time to cook tostone n fried chicken
so fuckin tired of all these dog  
!que lo que fb?
had a blast on saturday with my texas fam    
time to cook
cooking a lasagna today for anthony     smile  smile  smile  smile  playful 
just got done working out
this weather is <propfemale> crazy today is 52 n last night was 85 what kinda shit is that   !!!!!!!!!!
"cooking arroz, habichuela, pollo <propmale> horno y arepitas de yuca  smile  smile  playful "
about to workout n then cook tostones for <propfirst> n mangu for me w steak n cebollas roja smile  smile  playful 
getting twisted of some patron      celebrating me n <propfirst> 10th anniversary smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
i'm so fucked up lol
watz up fb : )
just got done workin out! lost twenty pounds : ) got thirty more to go
happy 4th birthday to my lil brother; )
happy holloween everyone: ) going to six flags  wink 
"today is one of them days i'm so very home sick sad  i hate this hillbilly, redneck fuckin state ("
happy thanksgiving to all!! enjoy and keep safe smile  smile  smile )
good morning fb!
i'll be in nyc  friday  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
home enjoying some quality time with my wonderful mom   smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
marry christmas  smile 
fuck american airlines motha fuckers stole all my shit i got in nyc!! all the fuckin christmas gifts i got for everyone! sad  graimy motha fuckers took everything
getting ready to color my hair
who the fuck understands this texas weather yesterday it was in the 20's and snowing today is 61
happy new year  2010 everyone!!
i'm so in painnnnnn!! i started 30 day shred by <propfemale> machaels my legs hurt so bad!!!i'm not doing it tomorrow lol
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? i pray for the cure of cancer  amen
7 5 to 8 inches  wink 
oremos por todas esas pobre jente en haiti    oremos <propmale> señor por todas estas personas que están sufriendo hoy   es <propfemale> país tan pobre y más encima ahora este terremoto 
good morning fb  laugh 
happy 23 b-day <propfirst> i hope he's having a great day in heaven with the angels we miss you every minute of everyday r i p   love you
 wink 
happy birthday to my nephew dabryan  smile  i love u boo
today is the perfect day to cuddle n watch movies!!too bad my boo is working    
uuugggg no tv i'm so bored
happy <propfirst>'s day to all ?  ?  ?
 smile 
back in the days when i was young i'm not a kid anymore  but some days i sit and wish i was a kid again   
gd nite fb
so sick n tired of these fuckin dogs every other week these mother fuckers get in to a fight   i had to help <propfirst> separate them c-low is bad he didn't wanna let go he fucked up fudge   my poor fudgy man  
wish me luck tomorrow someone is coming to see my house hopefully they like it so i can sell and get the fuck out of texas  
i got to start packing finally moving out this hillbilly state!! yesssssssss sold  smile ))))
almost done packing  smile )
good morning fb! i got a busy day getting ready to move everything in to storage  i'm very excited to go house shopping next week  smile ))))))
long day movin all <propfemale> shit to storage! i was happy until i took fudge to the vet and he tested positive for heartworm  sad   
gdmorning fb
i'm so excited!! i really like the city we moving to! i feel home love it  smile )))))))))))))
happy easter everyone!! i'm chilling relaxing in <propfemale> <propfirst> beach  wink )
back to texas tomorrow  sad ((
"if your mom is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your mother still with you, or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mother and love her lots    i ? my mom  you are my herol!"
 sad (
"repost if you have someone in heaven  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and days before that, too  i think of you in silence  i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping  i have you in my heart!!  "
getting ready going to florida tomorrow  wink ))))))))
gm fb  !! got a busy day house shopping  laugh 
gm world!! hope everyone has gd monday  wink 
hello fb how evryones day going  i'm so excited  smile ))moving to <propmale> at the end of the month!!!
gm fb
happy mothers day to all the great mommiies out there!! mom ur amazing i love uu so much? ? ?
making a lot of changes in my life ( -_ -)
gm fb  smile 
just got out the shower gettin ready to take a nap n then on the rode finally movin the fuck out of tx  smile ! i don't know how i'm gonna drive that big as truck n my car hitch in the back be sure to say out my way pplz lol
we r in alabama! is so hard driving this big as truck in this bad bad weather but god is with us
slept in our new home last night for the first time! i love it  wink )))))))
happy my boo is coming tomorrow  laugh  it's been 3  weeks! gd nite fb  wink 
happy fathers day to all the amazing dads out there!
good morning fb!!
4 more days and my hubby be home  smile )))))))
spending some quality time with my man  wink  i love my new ride! he got me to spoil! i ??? u boo
started working out again! my legs hurt  frowny 
what beautiful night! can't wait to work on my landscape so i can <propfemale> up my hammocks i  bought 3 years ago and are still in the box!! i'm sippin on some wine and wish i was outside on my hammock enjoying the outdoors  wink 
twisted  kiss )
good night fb!
what to do today?????
good morning fb!!
i have the best husband? ?
laundry is done finally  wink )))
cocinando <propfemale> locrio de pollo mmmmmmmmmmm
?
where the fuck is my ac!! is fucking hot  sad (((
gd nite fb
good morning everyone!!
ups where the hell r u?i want my ac!!
time to cook ?
gd morning!
?
> sad 
chillin with patron  kiss }
chillin with my mommy drinkin corona's! i love my mom 2 death  laugh 
"thank you so much for all the birthday wishes, everyone! (( )) kiss *"
i'm patching the holes on the walls ant is putting up a wall getting ready to paint mi casita mañana feels so good to work on my house  smile )))
watching sons of anarchy!
gd nite fb
miami  smile 
southbeach  wink ))
wet willies
i had a great weekend  joyful 
"sweet\girls come from the south, barbies come from ca, but new york girls have fire & ice in our blood  we can drive in the snow, handle the cold, tan at the beach, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook & drink with the boys  we ? the yankees, the mets the giants and the jets , we       can cook a wicked good meal & if we have an opinion   bet    your a$$ you're gonna hear it! re-post if you're a new york girl!!"
hello fb hope everyone had a great weekend!     hope everyone is having a great monday 
work  sad 
??happy?new?year???????????? ?????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? ?????? ?????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????
loving this florida weather n my 4 days off work ?
cookin a lasagna for my boo ?
back to work i hate my fuckin jobbbbbbb sad ((((((((
had the worst day at work fuckkkkkkkkkkk  sad ((((
extremely tired  gdnite fb
hello fb!! i'm thinkin bout  getin tatted up today
hubby n i gettin tatted up
i don't wanna go to work my foot hurts  sad 
<propfemale> was here  smile  haha u been hacked son lmao
at <propmale> capones dinner n a show  wink 
<propfemale> was here again haha damn <propfirst> learn 2 sign out smh
really bothers us when people r all up in our financial business  if ya don't pay our bills don't worry abt it   
had a great date with <propfemale> munoz ?
bout to eat the best sancocho ever my mommy cooked for me  smile )))
