dc428c4f39c58d033fc0fe80fa93259c
"\there is a fairytale for you  hoping your dreams they will come true  life doesn’t give the best so find the rest in you\""- neja"""
bored
i'm so bored this summer  we need to all get together again and have some fun so the summer does not seem so slow
bored out of her mind
can't sleep
tired from swim
"i love the songs \ and no matches\"" and \"" jump all over the world\"" check them out at youtube """
"going to get a hair cut tmr have any ideas of what i should get e-mail me or if you have my cell number txt me the ideas and yes <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and akira i want your ideas if you guys are on!"
also comment on my drawings
"wish time would go faster  ha that made me think of a song called \time is ticking\"" check it out  ha blond much"""
dont now what to do today the plans keep getting move that i even dont now whats going on  ha
hy if you like up beat music go on to youtube and look up tehjukebox he is a member of youtube but he uploads the best music check him out  note if you like anime he has great pictures and he gives you the links to find the pic 
had fun at rock climing!!
my body aches so much from rock climbing last night i just want to sleep but i have voice lessons at 3:15 and i have to get ready 
going to ie island tmr at some yyy resort  hope people i now are their  if not ill probably be drawing the whole time 
tired and is going to bed now but not so sure if i have swim practice tmr
has soming one my mind and wish <propmale> would get on so we could talk!!! <propmale> get on!!
so tired from swim my shoulders are so stiff and sore and my arms feel like lead its amazing that i can type right now 
bored out of my mined!!!! their is nothing to do here on oki and when their is something to do its no fun to do it with out anyone  but i cant do it cause all my friends ethier a  working b  lives on a different base c is climbing roofs or d  is in the st
swimming
their is a huge pregnant spider in the front of are house and if it gets any bigger i am going to scream!!!!!! imagin its head about the size of my thumb or yours then it has this huge belly!!!!!!!! its scary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and it won't die with the bug
wondering when becca's getting home  its boring at home with out her  i have no one to talk to but <propfirst> and dog's can't talk back so that's no good 
"i have the song \ if you see amy\"" stuck in my head and thats not a good thing!"""
bored if any ones online chat with me please!
man!!! i been feeling tired all day its kinda weird  i'm get a lot of sleep  so i don't now why i have been so tired lately 
me and becca are watching t v cause we have nothing to do in till 2 smile 0 
grrrrrr! the twins did not come!!! they are so dead!! if you get on line you better e-mail me or becca why you didn't come!!!
really tired but can't fall asleep 
"watched all the karate kid's movie last night and then this morning i watched \ p s  i love you\"" """
going to get highlights and lowlights on the 14th  get two colors but im not saying what colors im getting   he he he let your imagination go wild   he he he 
bored out of my mind!!!!!!!!!!! what to do in till i go to tokyo! i have stuff to do after but that's not much help cause its after!! bored!!! wish everyone was back so all of us could <propfemale> out again!
going to the orthodontist appointment tmr
rereading 1 2 <propmale> cause its such a good manga
im back to oki!!!!
gah i have a head ace and its because i don't have my <propfemale> latte on bored!! quick to the nearest starbucks!!
"in love with the song \circus\""  smile """
i  tap the side of are sink and i look at my hand and i see a big red <propfirst>  ha i guess i bruise easily  kinda funny that's also the title to a song that i like to listen to
had fun cruise around plaza with the guys 
can't believe that school starts tmr 
had fun to day note all 10th graders that go to kub  vote for me for vice president
"got all 50 signatures and turned it it now i need to get the counselor, administration signature and i also need to finish my speech   smile  vote for me for vice president of the sophomore class "
gah haveing troble writing my speech! grr i have it in my head but i can't type it
got some new music so my house is now a dj studio!   i  love  music!!!!!
gland i have such wonderfull friends  i love them all with all my heart  love 
have a headache  but still have homework to do
gah not having such a good day 
gah so tried and felling not so good 
"has a field trip tmr  and i can't wait  love  i also got a new song called \ tin man\"" by animal kingdome its free on itunes right nowand i love it  love """
"every one needs to get \ tin man\"" by animal kingdom  i thick it rocks and its free right now on itunes!  love  love """
going to babysit this weekend    fun    not!!
im never drinking school milk ever again that stuff makes me sick now!!!!   troubled 
going to bed now  alli if you get back on srry my sister loged me off  before i could respond to you last msg 
had a great time last night  and today i can final play mt guitar hero 5!!! so happy!!!  smile 
"just finshed watching \australia\""  i loved!!!"""
i feel good i got my dress tonight and now i only have one thing left to do 
"going to have a interesting day tmr  cause i'm going to schwab for a field trip, then im going back home then going back to schwab all in the same day but with my family  and ill be staying up their during the weekend "
i feel so stupid right now  
had a great day today at school and i was the white female version of zorro   smile 
had a great day today  hope i get in to far east drama this year  pray for me please  smile 
"tired and fells bad about what i did today  sad   but tmr is a new day, so let what happened in the present turn into the past and let the future become the present   smile   love "
"had a great time last night, even thou a few mishaps happened but it was still a great dance smile "
watching <propfirst> scissorhands  i love this movie love  love 
tired and doesn't want to wake up ever again  dreams are better then reality  t-t
got promoted today and had a good practice  so today has been a good day  smile 
i have pretty much all my lines down  smile  now all in need to do is get the movement and accent down  smile 
had a great time tonight can't wait for tmr smile  i get to spend halloween with all my friends
well can't wait for tonight smile  hehe i'm being a lonely vampire <propfemale>  what is everyone else dressing up as?
"well   today wasn't how i thought i would be, turned out to be the exact opposite   sad "
"found a new manga its called \detective academy q\"" its the best manga if you love mysteries and manga  its really good   smile """
life savor gummies are so good!!! and grr little annoying little sister grabbed my phone and randomly called people on halloween and today  if you were one of them i'm sorry!!
"curious    smile  if you are reading this, post a comment of the first memory you have of me or the one that pops in your head (no need to keep it clean)  smile   when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you will be surprised what people remember about you"
i thick for once i will go to bed early this year  grr now that i thick about it i have to pt  tmr  grrr i hate pt's
"going to bed now, still upset i couldn't go to the conference   oh well hopefully  their is another one i can go to   smile "
going outside now to play with little sister fun    oh well its only going to be 30- 40 <propfemale> then im back on yay smile 
happy day smile 
watching flushed away right now with my little sister i love this movie its so funny smile  and i can play dancing with my self on guitar hero so that's a bonus hehe smile 
gah my sister is so dead she locked me outside the house after she ran away while we were on are bike ride leaving me with her bike  grrrrr    
"is any one going to the lock-in tmr at the <propmale> libary? i don't want to be the only one!!! its going to be fun, guys can come also!!"
well leaving for the lock in now hope its fun but if i am the only hight schooler theri i will be pissed
back from the lock in  hahah i was the first one to fall asleep  smile  oh well now to go to play practice
i  love  americone dream! it is the best icecream ever!!  love 
well going to play practice  smile 
how cold my hands feel is how cold i feel on the inside
watching lord of the rings the fellow ship of the ring  smile  haven't watched this in a long
i have a feeling that this is gooing to be a great week  smile 
had a really fun time at dyd!! now moi concert tonight at kadena high school a 6 smile 0! every one be their it is going to be great!!!!
"loves moi's song \roses and kisses\"" i love  this song """
"im so great full to have such great friends and that they love me for all my flaws and everything about me and i would like to say back to them i love you guys too, no matter what any one says you are special in my eyes and the lords eyes also and that you should not let any one else tell you different  you are perfect in your own way and i love you guys no matter what  smile "
is any one going to the hospital for thanksgiving? i just found out i was going to eat their 4 thanksgiving i don't want to be alone so is anyone going?
heading to chulalu then going to go to kadena to see new <propfemale> hopefully its better then then twilight  smile  anyone else want to go?
well heading to yyy tmr hopefully someone i now is also going if not i'll be drawing the whole time  any one have any idea what i should draw?
"back from yyy, really tired thou  well getting ready for tmr, hopefully everyone has a good day   smile "
"had a great day today i hope every one else did  hope's for a great day tmr also and i would like to remind everyone about the kubasaki play that is this thursday, friday and saturday and i hope every one comes out to see it  it will be great  smile "
gust got back form a great work out!! i feel so refreshed and i feel like i  could do anything (just a figure of speech)  hopes to have a great day tmr and that every one else has a great day also   smile 
got back from the play  its was good  i have a headache now thou  i hope it goes away 
had a great time last night it was great  smile  and i also had a great morning it was fun  smile  hope the rest of the day goes well   love 
"well hope i make it through this week alive, i also hope everyone i can come to the madrigal dinner which is this friday and saturday  its well be really good  smile  so everyone that lives in oki should come "
well heading to karate  smile  can't wait hope that everyone had a great day today  love 
"well just got back from madrigal dinner practice and again i would like to advertise it that it is this friday and saturday,so every one on oki should come it will be great!!!"
well had a great end of the day to a bad morning  smile  well i hope everyone had a great day today  and if not i hope everyone nows that they are loved and that they are always special smile   love 
well tmr is the madrigal dinner and i hope everyone is coming it will be great!
planing to go christmas shopping on friday any one want to come  ill be heading to american village 
had a great time at american village  smile  well tmr my dad is comeing back  smile  so thats good and then mondayim heading to <propfirst> kong!!! well ill see everyone next year!  love 
back from <propfirst> kong  it was fun but now i feel lonely i really want to see all my friends 
back from <propfirst> kong; it was fun   but now that im back  i feel lonely and i want to <propfemale> out with some specific people
heading to the sushi go round in 10 <propfemale> to meet up with mrs  <propfemale> 
my dad let me drive home from the gate  smile it was fun and scary at the same time 
just relived how hard its going to be treated and to be like a lady while before i was just treated like one of the guys and i took most of the leads   sad 
"being alone is just a step in the jorney of life  you can't always be with someone, you have to go throught hard ships to get to the prize at the end of the road  "
had a great time last night  smile  haven't laughed that hard in years  smile  hope everybody else had a eventful night
finally done with bio  now ill be able to go ice skating tmr  yay    wait i haven't gone ice skating in a while    i hope i can still do a axel  oh well   smile 
got back from ice-skating had a great time smile  i wanted to skate some more but we had to leave  it was fun thou smile   smile  hope all of us can <propfemale> out and have fun like that again 
got back from sushi go round it was good smile  then went and bought a hat its cute smile 
hate it when you suddenly get hyper then you have no one to talk to so you are all jittery then the feeling of being hyper is gone and you feel really sad for no reason 
okay did any one else feel that earthquake?
if you could have one song sang to you by your loved one what would it be?
the cheshire cat smiles down on us tonight  smile 
"has to much time on my hands  has nothing to do like ever unless you count like 10 <propfemale> of hw and that's like all my class which i usually get done at school  wish i did more , i could probably try out for soccer but debating if i should do the spring show hmm  well people what do you think i should do spring show or soccer?"
is scared 
happy!!!!!!!!!! iceskating is not cancel!!!!!!!!! happy happy happy!!!!
"had a fun time iceskating, but for one thing  getting trpped falling over your babysister and now haveing to wear a brace on your knee  thats so much fun!! not!!!!!!!!!"
"any one own \backdraft\""?"""
"watching \pride and prejudice\"" love this movie  love """
super happyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! got a a+ on my biology exam!!!!  smile   smile 
hehe walking down memory <propfirst>  its fun looking through your favorite's on youtube and listing to music that you haven't heard in forever   smile 
had a great weekend smile  so hopefully this is going to be a good week for me smile 
tired but cant sleep which sucks!  playful 
is tired
gah don't no whats up with me im been so tired gahhh not normal!! it is not normal for a teen to go to bed at 7pm its creepy im scaring myself 
tired    but last night was realy fun smile  well hope today is a fun day   smile 
gahh cant stop sneezing its getting annoying hope im not getting sick
tired going to bed and its to early      weird         
"being sick sucks, but talking to a old friend can brighten your day  love   smile "
being sick sucks!!
almost all better now if this annoying cough would go away 
is really tired after soccer practice and running i don't now how long  so heading to bed now  good night oki!
really tired right now 
getting better at my punts smile  really happy! now if only i had some one to practice with on the weekends so i could get better on diving after the ball 
bored out of my mined!!!! someone save me!
"just got back from round one and coco's with my family, and i got to say it was really fun smile "
had a lot of fun today! i fell great right now thanks to this morning  smile  hope i get to go again more often   smile 
"sleepy!! well i got a game tmr, hope we do well  smile "
won are soccer game smile  even thou i got to do one play! gah and then the referee said it was out side the box which it was not it was so in the box  gah!!!!!! oh well life goes on  smile 
watching pokemon  smile  hehe going down memory <propfirst> is really fun  smile !!!  love 
"listening  to \why should i worry\"" smile  love this song  love  from \""oliver and company\""  smile """
never to early to jump start your career smile 
okay!!!!! tmr were going to go against kadena varsity soccer team  gah!!!!! wish us luck smile 
okay we lost 0-5  but i think we did pretty good going against varsity smile 
super tired!!!!!!!!!!!
at <propmale> libray haveing fun smile 
watching house  smile  love this show
had a great time tonight it was  awesome!!!!!  smile   love 
my new soccer stuff just came in yay!
had so much fun tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wish we could all stay together for ever!!!!
cant wait for tmr!!!!  smile 
so far spring break is not as great as it should be hope it gets better 
"well heading up to shwab, oh what fun is it to head to a single <propfemale> base      not!"
has nothing to do tmr  any one got any ideas?
got my new hair cut  smile 
got a head ache wish it would go away!!!!!!
"mentally, physically and emotional beaten by jarom today   playful "
gahhh!! my ankle has a kiwi size bump on it!!!! gah i cant have this!!!! it must go away!!!
"oh, dancing with myself  oh, dancing with myself  well there's nothing to lose  and there's nothing to prove  and i'm dancing with myself"
looked my name up on urbandictonary com and its <propfemale> cool!  smile  look you name up and see what you get 
hope i get picked for the far east performing arts 
made far east!!!!!  love  happy day!!!!
pasta makes me sleepy!!!!!!
thinking of doing some thing that is totally legal but all my friends wound kill me for doing  hmmmm  wondering   hmm  
watching beauty and the beast right now  my fav  disney <propfemale> movie 
"each morning i get up i die a little\ can barely stand on my feet\ take a look in the mirror and cry \lord what you're doing to me \i have spent all my years in believing you \but i just can't get no relief, lord!\ somebody, somebody \can anybody find me somebody to love? -"
life is like a base ball game the pitcher can give you a fast ball or a curve ball it all depends on when you hit it 
feeling spontaneous 
life is like a jig saw puzzle once you think you have all the pieces then you notice you're missing a piece 
if i could have any pokemon in the world it would be lugia  what about you guys?
"someone call the doctor \got a case of a love bipolar\stuck on a rollercoaster \can't get off this ride"
"well in korea right now with micky for far east, right now it seems that i will be living on bread this week"
heading to the dance now with <propfemale> <propfemale> wester
well back from korea if any one was wondering  hope every one had a good week 
cleaning my room   who new so much stuff you could cram in such a small space
still cleaning my room   wow who knew that it would take 2 days to clean such a small room
hope i get to <propfemale> out with friends tmr   smile 
well my plains just went down the drain with the rain
wow this school year has gone by fast
\i would fly to the <propfemale> and back if you be   \,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\and when the rain begins to fall you'll ride my rainbow in the sky\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\i was once \,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\will there be someone to hold\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,"well heading out in the rain, hopefully i get their in time!"
\never let this feeling go and let the music take control \,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\i used to feel blue\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\and when the rain begins to fall you'll ride my rainbow in the sky\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\like a river\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\oh, i wish i was a punkrocker with flowers in my hair\dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\anima libera, \dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,getting ready for work  really nervous  annoyed 
i now have a fear of spiders  sad 
life is good  smile 
i now can some what do a flip  smile   smile 
well had a fun nigh and cant wait for tmr so i can practice my flips  smile 
grrr i have a head ach  sad 
well its another day 
going snorkeling at the beach today after work  smile 
turning 16 in 10 days cant wait!!!!!  smile   love   smile 
well my sister has broken my finger  sad 
\every one seems to be moving forward, while i'm left behind \dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,"found a cool new song and its not techno its called \du hast\"" its <propmale>  smile """
had the best day ever!!!  smile 
well in 4 weeks im going to be getting on a plane and leaving this island forever  sad 
"had a fun day!!!  smile  well mow im tired thanks you guys \twins\"" for making me tired now  playful  cant wait for tmr  smile """
"\some times i eat my dessert before my dinner\"" ;p"""
\where i can run as fast as i can\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,i need peoples im so if you have one can i have it please smile 
kk  so im leaving in like 23 days and i want to <propfemale> out with everyone so if you want to <propfemale> just call im msg or just drop by my house  smile  before i leave
"when one is bored, it is a good idea to just sit down and reread a book  playful  \ like 1 2 <propmale>  smile "
well heading out now to see a movie
when things seem to be going right some one you least e playful ect will come and destroy everything
well i only have three days left on plaza     i hope i get to <propfemale> out with everyone soon     
well just found out that the dog that i grew up with got put down on tuesday  sad   sad 
\you have opened my eyes\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\you are my heaven on earth\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,\d'you breathe the name\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,well im leaving oki today at 11  sad  so good bye everyone on oki!!!!!!
so got my new phone and i can go online  smile 
been really busy day today got enrolled in school      fun :i          wish i could <propfemale> out with everyone  sad 
i miss oki! its too busy in the states  sad 
well heading out to shop
still loves disney especial when the dimond editon beauty and the best is coming out  smile  got it pre paid  favorite disney <propfemale> movie  smile 
here's something funny are furnture got here faster then are e playful ress shipment  playful 
at the wolf trap theater seeing the sound of music can't wait  smile  its really crowed thou hope i don't get lost in the crowed
on the metro now hesding home from rockville  smile 
no no no no no thts all i hear no no and no i want some yes!
gahhh i don't want to go to school today!!
well got through the first day of school okay really miss haveing people to talk to that are right next to me not a 45 <propfemale> drive or 15 hour flight away  sad 
stuck in pe  have nothing to do bored out of my mine  some one send me a msg please
well doing ap homework   its actually easy but i now it will get harder!  playful 
don't really want to go to school i keep getting called the b word by some chik that i don't even now and its all because i was so nervous on the first day of school and i didn't say bye to her  sad   sad   sad 
got dragged to a football game by my parents  playful  really don't want to be here but at least were wining the game
welll hopefully i meade some friends today so i won't be lonly anymore at lunch  smile 
well going to school tmr wish me luck with my new schedule (i now my spelling sucks  playful )
tired so going to bed now but going to wake up early to fix homework  playful 
can't go to sleep stupid head ache   sad 
i hate getting sick  playful 
is starting to put together the piece of her life  smile 
well im tired and my teeth hurt  playful  and im sick how could one feel even worse
loves netflix!!
i miss base housing!!! i miss having hot water ready at your disposal and it not turning cold  civilian  housing pluming sucks  playful 
you now somethings wrong when finding out your favorite manga finally uploaded another chapter and thats been the only smile on your face for the past 6 weeks  sad 
well found a radio station online that plays music i like to listen to so yah  annoyed  thats going to be my life for now 
well heading to <propmale> corner to go shoping
is wishing that she had all her friends her in <propfemale> right now
rather do any thing else then go to school tmr  really dislike that place!
sleep is so far the only peace on earth
well life is getting better just wish every one from oki was here  sad  hope you guys are having fun  smile 
thinking of joining the circus  wink 
is sleepy but can't sleep  playful  
found a really good sushi place here in <propfemale> its called ichiban  smile   i realy miss oki right now  sad   hope everyone is having a good time  smile 
if i could choose one song i wish that was true for me it would be teenage dream by <propfemale> <propfirst>  i miss having my friends to keep me through the day but im still a live so i plan to do something about seeing every one again  smile   smile   miss you guys!!!
so im reading this manga and the main character just found out she was pregnant and they just end it their!!!!!!! i wanted to now what the kid looked like gahhh!!! some times i hate manga's  playful  but i still love them  smile 
to all my manga loving friends if you read bleach i have found a hilarious one shot of bleach if you would like the link msg me  its funny!
cant sleep!!!!
it is freezing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
school is boring  playful 
i want to eat a spoon full of chocolate chip cookie dough!!!!!
had probably one of the best times of her life tonight  smile 
spongebob
tired cold and hungry (well not hungry) just really really cold when i pick my colleges i know i'm going some place warm and doesn't get frezzing  playful 
my phone is being stupid
bored
had the strangest dream last night and i mean strange!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love <propmale> <propfemale> adventures!!!! especially uncle  smile 
i don't know where i'm going but i hope its with you  wink 
so ive been thinking of what im going to do when i get older and so i decided im going to study aromatherapy and also learn how to cut hair and such  smile  wish me luck  wink 
account got hacked x(!! by a 6 year old that understands technology now   note to self dont leave computer left open on face book!!!
so i have fished  a total of 3 series today  if you were to count all the pages it would add up to 6150 pages give of take some more  playful  i guss im a fast reader  playful 
bored!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha i now have new tools to tourcher my parents with  smile  they got me a ihome so now i can blare my ipod hahahah  smile 
bored!!!!!!!!!!!! stuck in a house full of children under the age of 10  playful  gah i feel old
my brain hurts  playful 
forget the gym just go on youtube find some techno tunes and then dance to your heart out now that is the way people should work out  smile 
"\there is no true peace\"""""
stuck on a metro heading to the medical center  playful  bored glad i have my ipod  smile  rocking to bigbang and 21  smile 
some times <propfemale>'s are a girls best friend  wink 
can't wait for tonight  smile   a year closer intil the end  wink  hope every one has a great new years  smile 
i do not want to got to school!
at school and i  am bored and tired
sometimes i'm not okay and it feels like my shadow is the only on that walks beside me but you take my hand tonight and take me higher to a place were i belong 
i just woke up after an emergency appendectomy  feeling much better then i did when i woke up with the pain at 1 in morning yesterday 
i cant sleep  sad 
got a edible arrangement  smile  due to my surgery  sad  but its really cool thank you  smile  i'm going to put pics up later  smile 
finally getting off of pain killers that make me feel funny and talk funny yah life is good  smile 
can't go to sleep: ( gahh
gah i cant go to the swim meet potluck grrr  sad 
i don't want to wake up but i am  sad  well off to school now
"right now at a swimmeet i can't swim in, it sucks  sad  i wana swim!"
"fun night  smile  happy days \now sleep!  smile "
at outback right now  smile  yah food  smile 
didnt go to sleep last nigh it was weird i didnt even notice the time go by  playful 
well have a head ach for no reason but what ever chilling with my glee music yes i like glee get over it  playful 
\ that boy is bad\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,i can swim in tmrs meet  smile  happy happy  smile  now to get ready for the potluck  smile 
"\sometimes even the most out going girls get shy with a guy\"""""
"\ludwig kakumei\"" a manga that turns a simple happy <propfemale> tale into a horror story"""
no school!!  smile 
black out!!!!! lucky i have a phone that can go online  smile 
hit shuffle on your ipod and you would be surprised on how many songs you have forgotten about 
my computer is being a butt head and not working right so i had to shut it down grrrrrr! hope its fixed now
"wants to watch a movie with friends, anyone want to come over and <propfemale>?!? txt me or msg if your coming"
life is good  smile  especially when you have friends to share it with  smile 
"best invention ever \techno swing\""  smile """
chilling at home waiting for my sushi
so at the regional swim meet  smile  bored right now but it will get fun later  smile        hopefully
i have a car!!!  smile 
your greatest enemy is yourself 
cant wait for this weekend  smile  but now a all nighter!!!!  smile 
"some times being the \good girl\"" gets a little boring  playful """
loves the new <propfemale> lavigne song  smile !
"i know i shouldn't but i cant help it, it just happens  playful "
school is out and i am getting out of here
some times life gets boring  playful 
school is boring but what ever got to get throu it
god is good!!!
"i love the song \stereo love\"" cant get enough of that accordion  wink """
"valentines day is around the corner, and i will say i dislike this holiday but some time i wish i could be the only girl in world for one guy "
"i have auditions tmr and im really nervous but, i will remain calm!  smile  wish me luck everyone!"
at my auditon really nervious  annoyed  but i will not let it get the better of me!
life sucks but oh well we got to deal with it  smile 
so whats happening?
school is boring!!!!! gahhh why cant it be over with!:-\\
bored
going to katsucon  smile   smile 
i am now stage manager  smile   smile   smile  happy happy!!!
\where are we? what the hell is going on?\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,yah so today was a really great day  smile  so much stuff happed today and it was so much fun  smile 
found my phone
yah so today is a happy day for me so don't rain on my parade!!
can wait for tmr  smile 
my eyes hurt! i dont like my contacts anymore!!
loves mash!!!! and im glad to now that everyone in oki is safe  smile 
\we're sending out an invitation\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,yah so i woke up at  4 today for no reason at all!
i really feel like bursting out in a musical number  playful   something along the line of mamma mia  or moulin rouge   smile   love   smile 
can't wait for tmr  smile 
\someday love will find you\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,today started off as a horrible day  sad 
today stated off horrible but it ended great  smile !! thanks everyone! even thou you guys don't think you did any thing but all you guys helped me out today at school!  smile and now jam out session!!  smile   love   smile 
"\any way you want it thats the way you need it any way you want it\""\",dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,gee wht to do this weekend i don't have bye bye birde yah freedome! oh wait i have chorus    fun  playful 
\tell me when you feel ready\,dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,"in 10-30 <propfemale> heading up to <propfirst> <propmale>  they told me that the likely hood of any thing going wrong is slime, but i still, have doubts about that knowing my history  playful  wish me luck"
procedure went great  smile  no complications no nothing but now i cant remember anything thats happen today hahaha  smile 
"in a happy mood today  smile  no reason why, but im in a happy mood today  smile "
\heres my heart, heres my mouth\dc428c4f39c5 laugh 033fc0fe80fa93259c,wishing that something would change
had so much fun today!  smile  hope things keep going like this!  smile  i miss my usual friday hangout time  sad   smile  i hope it comes back  love 
i  love  the shuffle button on my ipod  smile   love 
take the lead  love 
at a funeral  sad  today is a sad day
 smile  in a great mood  smile 
