742b2c14ec77ee483806f9520a541948
i don't work this week!
i leave for vegas sunday
hopes he does not have to work in the men's department for a while 
moves in 18 days!
has finished moving in! i should have brought more clothes 
"please, just stop raining"
classes start tommorow! i can't wait!
saturday class is going to be the death of me
is annoyed with the e-mail server  it refuses to let me check my mail!
multicultural educational resource center open house today  2-4 pm at hedgecock  stop by and visit us!
another mandatory house meeting! at least this one was only 45 minutes 
strongly dislikes afternoons 
is sitting in the nest at merc again  come visit us! (across from temaki & tea o nthe second floor)
off to take a biochem test at 1 
is wondering why everyone has gone home for the weekend 
just had one of the best saturdays ever with a great friend!
hi ho hi ho    it's off to the nest i go 
michigan residents @nmu: go to the academic mall and see asnmu before 3pm to call your state representative and ask for a vote to save the michigan promise scholarship!!! this is your <propmale> to affect your future!
my only class tomorrow is canceled! free day!!!
thanks everyone!
just spent five hours building a house out of cardboard to raise awarness for homelessness  hidden city rocks!
"laundry, laundry and more laundry"
"hopes you have a bright, <propfemale> monday!  smile "
is going to teach 300+ kids a science project this afternoon  glue and starch mess here i come!
"currently has green hair,  but survived the museum relatively unharmed!"
obama to address the hrc at 8!
it's snowing!!!!!!  smile 
is rather bored at the moment  and i ran out of homework to do   
is going home in 2 days!  smile 
i just attended an amazing presentation by two editors of the onion 
thinks it's a little overkill to close all area public schools for two weeks because of h1n1 
"is about to start the 18 hour bus adventure with    a cab ride  look out kohl's ah, here i come "
finally finished by essay which i thought was due friday when it's really due tommrow morning  great   
what would i do without best friends? thanks <propfemale> arpoika! you are the best!
it snowed last night    and <propmale> around for a while!! yay!
"so glide away on soapy heels and promise not to promise anymore and if you come around again then i will take, then i will take the chain from off the door"
saw a christmas commercial on tv last night    it is way too early to start that 
wants to scream  registration is so stressful  (i tried to register for seven sections and was only admitted to one) ahhhhhhh   
nest meeting tommrow at 10 surprise 0 am  i hope to see you there! it will be great 
procrastinating writing a 1500 word research paper due tomorrow  still have not picked a topic  this will be a fun afternoon 
does not like the idea of the university shutting the heat off for 12-14 hours tommrow  am i the only one who thinks it's a bad idea when the temp is predicted to be 50?
i'm going home tommrow!!!! yay!
gets to work tommrow! i can't wait to see all of you  smile 
survived black friday and saturday in one piece  i was suprised at how unbusy we were 
"snow, snow, snow!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!"
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow! a whole three degrees outside  how generous 
i shall be going back a day early as i shall now be taking a bus  the joys of public transportation 
"tommrow is the day for the adventure back to school  good-bye boredom, hello new classes "
almost done with the first week! this semester is going to fly by 
is offically unofficially going to mblgtacc!
is there a party at the peif? it seems popular today 
i'm starting to miss my saturday class  at least it gave me something to do 
woke up to the lovely sound of the fire alarm  today is going to be a good day 
<propfirst> boies (b): your document here says that civil unions were passed in sweden in 1994 and now siblings can marry  <propfirst> <propfemale> (t): yes  b: you said you support civil unions but here siblings can marry after it was passed in sweden  t: yes  wtf????? is <propfemale> a complete idiot? or did he just spend a few decades under a rock?
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure, but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does     and make this your status for at least an hour?"
"is jelousy an accecptable emotion, or is it just rude?"
it's snowing again!
three words that make me really happy: english class cancelled 
"90% on chem exam and sociology test, and our team won broomball  awesome night!!!!!"
skittle pancakes = yum    
needs to get dressed and eat somthing  i also don't want to move from this chair   oh the indicision 
"just realized that for the last 45 minutes i have been looking for a piece of music under the keyword \requiem\"" when it is really \""funeral march\""    great waste of time """
made the <propfirst>'s list
this is a tough decision  pay one printer $160 or another $306 for a banner 
wonderfully clear and <propfemale> day!  smile 
broomball tonight!
great job <propfemale> sig!
<propfirst> <propfemale> has a headach because some idiots in chem lab can't read their lab <propmale> and put toxic chemicals on the counter instead of under the fume hood like the instructions say to do in bold!
"spending the nightin the marquette childrens museum, cleaning "
why does facebook hate me? i can't find anything now  make it stop  change it back  sad 
mblgtacc is next weekend!!!!! yay!
mblgtacc 2010 in 9 days!!!!!!!
"i jsut finished my econ exam online  one of the questions had identical answers for both a and b, both of wich i thought were right  great "
titrations today in chem lab! yay!!!  laugh 
volunteering in chem lab for science olympiad tommrow!  laugh  mblgtacc in 6 days  it's going to be a great weekend!
3 days till mblgtacc!!!!!!
to whomever stole my hoodie and pants from the drier: why? what could you possibly want with an old hoodie? i hope you freeze to death!
just recieved money for a scolarship that i had no idea i had been awarded  thanks mi competitive scolarship!  laugh 
recieved new chemistry toys in the mail today  yay superabsorbant polymers  isn't science awesome?
finally in <propfemale>  conference tonight!!!
workshops today!!!!!!
mblgtacc was amazing! i can't wait to go next year at u of michigan in <propfemale> arbor!
my life is now complete  i have made it in <propfemale> hightower's quotes on facebook!
"borrowed from <propfemale> hacker's wall: and on the third day, god created the remington bolt-action rifle, so that man could fight the dinosaurs  and the homosexuals "
the only thing standing between me and spring break is a three hour chem lab (and that is too much fun to be considered a chore)
do they serve pickles in hell? i sure hope so    
i was accecpted into slfp!!!
found out today that someone got ahold of my visa card number and made a charge  lovely  the same day my mom had hundreds of dollars of make up charged to her account and sent to tennesee  very lovely
"spent the last hour and a half calling credit card companies, banks and credit reporing agencies  what fun "
does walking around with a 2000 ml beaker through the dorm hallways look strange? i sure hope so  yay science night!
chem club's science night a huge (messy) sucess  i hope it becomes a tradition   laugh 
i sound like i've smoked 10 packs of cigerettes for 50 years 
"at the beach, watching the waves roll in "
"\i support health care reform!\"" change your status if you do too!"""
"i think there should be a modified drinking game for outlook, but with food  whenever anyone says outlook or <propfirst>, everyone has to eat a pretzle  and a dozen cookies to anyone sings the e-mail address when <propfemale> hightower's around   laugh "
could it really get to 58 degrees today? i sure hope so  spring here we come 
i feel like the seagalls are laughing at me from atop their light polls 
so we lost to michigan  sad 
we made it to 216!!!!!!!
is now vice president of outlook
the jahova's witnessses called me today and wanted to add me to their mailing list  i thought it rude to tell them no    i hope they don't just show up one day 
finally registered for next year! yay
our slfp block choose gold! gold!? really?
"\homosexuality is god's way of insuring that the truly gifted aren't burdened with children \"" ~sam <propfirst>"""
wonders how i ended up listening to tecno music   by choice      
62 degreees you say? i'll take it 
happy easter!
waiting for a fist fight to ensue between the professor and girl who does not stop asks pointless questions 
shall be moving to waterford this summer!
<propfemale> won!  laugh 
is any part of the acp letter to the superintendants true? i can't believe anyone could possibly print that (or would want to put their name on it)
stupak is retiring? wow  and he did it at nmu
only three more weeks!!!
our silent protest way exceeded my high e playful ectations  smile 
"\how did i become so obnoxious? what is with you that makes me act like this? i've never been this nasty \"""""
is still embarrassed that my roommate caught me singing to myself yesterday when i thought i was alone 
michigan tech's drag show was awesome! (plus i got to see <propfemale> schwab again!)
"is half way done with his sociology extra credit- outlining a chapter  so far the word document is 14 pages long and, again it's only half done "
"it's finally done!!! it took 8 hours and it's 24 pages long, but my sociology 101 extra credit is done!!!!!!!"
105% on sociology exam (after e c) yay!!!!!!!!!!!
"good news: i was offered a job at nmu for next semester!\\bad news: someone has yet again emptied my bank account"
why on earth is kohl's open untill midnight? who goes shopping for clothing and waffle makers at midnight????
last day of work today untill october! i hope it's a good one 
i have sucessfully moved into my dorm room  i just have to find something to do until tomorrow evening 
"students start moving in tomorrow  it's going to be a great week, and an awesome year!"
first day of classes!  laugh 
"good news: i took my computer in and had windows 7 installed  smile \bad news: apparently i did not completly back up my e-mail program, and now all of my emails for the last year are gone, along with my schedule! great   "
first week of classes done!
could it possibly be near the end of the third week of classes? why are we rushing?
another exciting adventure at the children's museum! this time we investigated glow in the dark substances  yay for hi-lighter ink and blacklights!
fall retreat 2010 was awesome  i didn't think it would be that much fun 
thank you so much every one!
"national coming out day is tomorrow  donate your status and join me in coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality by clicking here: http annoyed  bit ly acsd4o "
"today is national coming out day  donate your status and join me in coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality by clicking here: http annoyed  bit ly acsd4o "
i hope it starts snowing soon
there is a guy in a chicken suit sitting on the picknic table outside my window smoking a ciggerette  ah college
"people are strange\that's why we're strangers\word's go in,\they don't come out"
i'm registered for winter! yay
it's only 5 smile 0 and the sun is already setting  this is upsetting  i hate time changes
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only \has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your \status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who \died of or is fighting cancer please post "
shirvell is finally fired! oh happy day!
what adventures will wednesday bring? i can't wait to find out!
it's almost time for another exciting episode of second thursday at the up childrens' museum!
no one got hurt this time at second thursday! bonus!!!!
"should work on presentation for work, but watching a documentary on jelly fish instead  no wonder i never get anything done "
"first presentaion done    hopefully next time i'll remember the words \outline\"" and \""notebook\"" so we don't have to play charades again """
can it be wedensday? where is the week going?
blizzard!!! what a beautiful sight
"time came a-creepin'\oh and time's a loaded gun\every road is a <propfirst> of light\it goes  surprise -on\time only can lead you on\still it's such a beautiful night"
almost time to pack? i think so!
does anyone have photos from the chs masquerade concert?
thank you lady singing loudly in the academic mall  you just made my day!  laugh 
"where is all of the snow? it's december, and i am getting impatient   "
"snow is finally starting to fall, and the forecast predicts snow for the next five days!! yay"
"another 8 inches by monday morning? yes, please!!!  laugh "
"my math exam is dead, doa  i hope the same is not true for my final grade "
my leadership theory and practice papers are finally submitted!
pizza + a christmas story + javascript assignment = great night
javascript project done!
packing or facebook? hmmmm   
"oops of the day: rebooted a register in the middle of printing receipts  left <propfemale> <propfirst> with an angry customer for almost 45 minutes  i owe you one, big!"
"roll away your stone, i’ll roll away mine\together we can see what we will find"
today's kohl's adventure: i was lectured by a grumpy older gentleman and mocked my a six year old  good times 
medical microbiology lab is my new favorite class 
tarawa house is the best ever!
"there is always that one annoying kid who won't go away  ah social skills, please don't fail me now "
where would be the best place to leave a stack of important papers i need now? how about in a locked microbiology lab i have no access to? yep  that's a great idea   
0 degrees felt so luxurious this morning  i hope it's like this the rest of winter!
"outlook's student travel fund request was granted! even better, they approved the full amount! look out <propfemale> arbor, here we come!"
"great    \nmu is closed for the day due to a serious threat \"""""
"so nmu still under lock down  at least the mp has yummy sandwiches  it kind of feels like a prison, you can go to eat, but then have to return to your room   "
"ok  now that there is no longer an \active threat\"" can the pop up's telling me there is a lock down please stop? please? i hate being told something i have known for 12+ hours every 60 seconds  please?"""
don't forget that slfp applications are due today! be sure to get those in to the leadership activities office in the uc for an excellent opportunity to join a wonderful leadership e playful erience!
president obama is coming to little old marquette next week to promote wireless networking!!!
i received an invitation to the president's speech thursday!!
so the secret service officers around marquette aren't so secret  they stick out like pickles in a cookie jar 
mblgtacc is in two weeks!!!! who's super excited?!?!?
"forget regret-- or life is yours to miss \no other road,\no other way,\no day but today "
went carrot shopping with <propfemale> schroer! it's the best!
4 days until mblgtacc 2011!!!
"thank you, dr  wickenhauser, for turning our chemistry class into an algebra nightmare  would it hurt to, i don't know, maybe e playful lain the concept before giving us 7 or 8 math problems associated with it?"
"oh the things i do for outlook! look out <propfemale> arbor, here we come! yay mblgtacc! 2011"
"i suddenly realized in math today that i nod vigorously for two reasons\1) i completely enjoy what you are talking about, and want to hear more or\2) i am completely lost and have no idea what you are talking about  by appearing to agree i hope you will change the subject to something i understand  weird "
procrastinating on my med   micro report like i'm getting paid 
"hey outlook members! do you have any photos from group activities that you would be willing to share (everyone in the picture must have known that the picture was taken and be ok with that ) if you do, please bring them to tonight's meeting, or e-mail them to me for the leadership recognition banquet! thank you!!  love "
why do we have a fire drill at 10 surprise 0 p m ? there should be a rule   
today's the day <propfemale> schroer and i pick out the apartment we'll be in next year! the taste of excitement is palpable 
is it time to curl up and hide yet?
awesome saturday evening movie night? i think so  thanks!
who wants to help me concur the world? (or at least the greater marquette area) 
i thought i was 20 minutes late for work this morning  i was actually 40 minutes early  oh well 
i registered for all of the classes i needed without a single error message  strange   
snowing and <propfemale>? love it!
mtu drag show this evening!
thank you keweenaw pride for a great drag show this weekend! it was fantastic 
here comes the rain again   
