70b2bd6ee527e8118097b058e6fa046b
happy new year to all my friends and family!
is back from taking the dog to the dog park and is frozen to the bone    
of to the animal shelter to volunteer
"losing your best friend is never easy     but in the end, i shall be in peace  rip bougart  you will sorely and truly be missed     6 20 2009"
is going to see fireworks tonight     if we don't get rained on  laugh 
"first <propmale> mcmahon, then <propfemale> fawcett, then <propfirst> <propmale>, and now <propfirst> mays     who's next in line? (let's just hope it's not <propmale> hanks    )"
is out helping in the yard clearing brush and such     *fun*     
is probably not going to the animal shelter today     bummer =c
my mom made me update this      
is helping babysit today     looks like nothing more is going to be done in my room today 
woot! we're going to get another dog!  love 
"well, if <propfirst> is getting old, then i'm getting older! (by four months)"
ranger's home! (our new dog) will have pictures up soon    
schoolbag in hand she leaves home in the early morning waving goodbye with an absent-minded smile i watch her go with a surge of that well-known sadness and i have to sit down for a while the feeling that i'm loosing her forever and without really entering her world i'm glad whenever i can share her laughter that funny little girl  - slipping through my fingers (mamma mia)
"is out watching the meteor shower going on right now     so far i've see a couple bright, and beautiful, ones"
i swear i'm never going to truly to get my own bed back till i move out      sad 
to jilly: haha! i'm actually talking with <propfirst> on the phone right now     and you missed out  we tried calling your cell and you didn't answer     so      haha!
for as long as i shall live i will testify to love i'll be a witness in the silences when words are not enough with every breath i take i will give thanks to god above for as long as i shall live i will testify to love  --- testify to love by avalon
the story of my day     first i got knocked off my feet at the dog park and now both me and ranger were stung by a swarm of bees 
is off to eat dinner     though i'm honestly not really hungry =s
is back from popcorn festival in beavercreek  awesome time!
"today, i was at the doctor's office  because i'm a teenager, i was required to take a survey about drugs, alcohol, and sex  it asked if i was in a gang  i wrote 'marching band'  mlia  -- haha, this is for all those out there that are in marching band!"
(^^^)     i am a shark    
"today, i saw a member of the marching band beat up a guy on the football team  i've never been more proud to be a member of the marching band  mlia"
it's nearly 2 in the morning     and i can't sleep 
is busy baby sitting the neighbor girl     might not be on much till later in the evening     
ice cubes  lovely frozen ice water to suck on    
"today was my schools homecoming pep rally  at the end, the marching band and the football team went against each other in tug-of-war  the marching band won  mlia"
"if you dont like the new fb here is how you can change it back to the old  look to the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top,    click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it    on!"
won't be home most of the day  going to cincinnati for school stuff    
finally back home     one step closer to getting into school!  love 
happy halloween to everyone!      now to get a nap in before i go out with the neighbor kids
"today i realized the reason our school doesn't let us use plastic knives for lunch is because we could use them as weapons  we are however allowed to use scissors, x-acto knives, bandsaws, nail guns, acids, archery arrows, stapple guns, and cookery knifes  i just feel safe knowing i won't be threatened with a plastic eating utensil  mlia"
homemade chocolate chip cookies and arizona raspberry ice tea in a shot glass = epic win!
happy thanksgiving everyone!  love 
"supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!     even though the sound of it is something quite atrociousi  f you say it loud enough, you'll always sound precocious     supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!"
ugh     why is it i get sick when i don't need to  want to    
"well, woke up this morning feeling better     must have been a fluke bug i had "
"just when i think things are getting better, it comes back around and makes me feel worse "
the count down begins     time to finish packing for tomorrows trip  love 
"off to bed now! going to be up bright and early at 4 am and then in the car for another 11 hours  ah, gotta love long road trips"
here soon it's going to be bye bye ohio and hello nebraska!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to y      uor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can       i can can u?!?!?!?!"
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst>  uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale>  tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa  yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst>  yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>  (let's see wh   o get's this message and follows it) "
"for all those men who say,'why buy the cow when you can get the milk free' here's an update for you! now days 80% of women are against marriage, why? because women realise its not worth buying entire pig just to get a lilttle sausage!!!!------keep it going!!"
     one for the money     two for the show      three for the concussion and here we go!
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons   wink "
"you are my sunshine, my only sunshine  you make me happy, when skies are grey  you'll never know dear, how much i love you  please don't take my sunshine away    "
wishes she could find a good picture of herself for her profile    
might as well have some fun     go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name as the first comment
"to all farmville freinds! thank you for all the gifts you are sending me  i am still in need of: one nail (1), nine harnesses (9), eight horseshoes ( smile , eight bricks ( smile , and eight wooden boards ( smile   please and thank you "
"to all farmville friends: thank you all for the gifts  i don't need anymore horseshoes or nails  but, i still am in need of bircks, harnesses, and boards! please and thank you "
"to all farmville friends: thank you all for the gifts  i don't need anymore horseshoes or nails  but, i still am in need of bircks, harnesses, and boards! please and thank you   edit: also, i can send horseshoes and nails if anyone needs them "
"song lyrics of the day:  aruba, jamaica  ooh i wanna take you to  bermuda, bahama  come on pretty mama  key largo montego  baby why don't we go ooh i wanna take you down to kokomo  we'll get there fast and then we'll take it slow that's where we wanna go  way down in kokomo   -- kokomo by the beach boys"
to all farmville friends!: all most there! i am still in need off five bricks (5) and four harnesses (4)! please help! thank you 
has finally become the victim of the new facebook <propfemale>     is most definatly not liking it      why can't something that was working fine be left alone?
song lyrics of the day: some boys take a beautiful girl   and hide her away from the rest of the world   i want to be the one to walk in the sun   oh girls they want to have fun  oh girls just want to have  -- girls just wat to have fun by <propfemale> lauper
song lyrics of the day: some boys take a beautiful girl   and hide her away from the rest of the world   i want to be the one to walk in the sun   oh girls they want to have fun  oh girls just want to have fun  -- girls just wat to have fun by <propfemale> lauper
lyrics of the day: hakuna matata!   what a wonderful phrase   hakuna matata!   ain't no passing craze   it means no worries for the rest of your days   it's our problem-free philosophy   hakuna matata!  --- hakuna matata from the lion <propmale>
to all farmville freinds: i'm still in need of four bricks and two harnsesses for my stable!
"lyrics of the day: vacation   need a little sun to break up all the frustration   and turn it into love   ain't nobody gonna tell us what we gonna do   because today, it's up to you   temptation comin' up to me   a little relaxation and i'll be great to be   come on and weeky weeky loo at the   it's gonna start now  --- vacation by vitamin c (from the pokemon the first movie)"
"farmville friends,please stop joining groups,they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook,you will not get anything free  please copy and repost so maybe we can stop it  farmville has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams  if you do still join them do not invite me<please!!!!!"
"time to get off and bake some late night cookies, now the question is: sugar or chocolate chip?"
"wow, south <propfemale> is so pretty     the sun is shining and it's so warm here   i got to visit hunting island yesterday with my dad and saw the ocean for the first time  well, back to school work for the moment and maybe head to the pool in a few for p e "
"place of birth! everyone  please play! you will find it interesting to know where your friends  birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your  place of birth at the end of this sentence  dayton, ohio  love "
    oh i wish    
today is the day i turn 17     now to figure out what to do     i think i'm going to eat my brakefast that has now probably turned cold  laugh 
i want to thank all of my family and friends for all the sweet birthday wishes!  laugh  this has been one of the best birthdays i had so far  why? because i found out the <propfemale> retriver puppy i'm going to be getting was born today!  love  time to count down the days till s he can come home!
"i choose to live this life of solitude not because i hate you  no, i choose this life because i love you too much and never want to hurt you again    "
i'm hungry     guess that means it's time to get off and head back to the rental house from the coffehouse 
ugh     this is not how i wanted my day to start    
i should be in bed right now     but the internet is so enticing    
i'm up      i'm moving      and i'm on my way back home to ohio  gotta catch my flight home here in just a few 
i'm home here in ohio     and now i'm ready to go back to south <propfemale>    
stay up late     or go to bed      decisions decisions     
"thunderbolt and lightning, very, very frightening me     (galileo) galileo (galileo) galileo, galileo figaro      "
"to anyone who plays farmville! i need one more wheathered board to finish my french masion! please and thank you! will be sending out gifts soon  if you need anything specific, just leave a message!  laugh "
home sweet home     where ever that might be    
is off to see her grandma     does anyone have some coffee to share?
edit: is off to see her grandma and it's going to be a long day     does anyone  have some coffee to share?
"i'm home, i'm full, i'm happy and i'm tried     is it nap time yet?"
kool-aid pops and kool-aid ice cubes are in the freezer     now to wait    
guess what!?!
"i have had a wonderful day     it was a blah start, but some how old friends seem to make it better  smile "
"well, she's offically mine now! i went down to choose my puppy and instead she choose me  the puppy now has her collar and has been named <propfemale>  only four more weeks and counting till i can bring her home  laugh  the couple of pics that i have of her will be posted soon   love "
"okay, it's offical,  i am difficult to shop for when it comes to prom or anything clothing in general     especially shoes     i must not be a normal girl    "
"back from the petland boycott     home for the moment, then back out the door to the dog park     "
the search is over! a dress has been found!  laugh 
"even with gray, gloomy on and off rain, my day has been nothing but sun shine after seeing <propfemale>      love "
"question: i've randomly seen glimps of posts about it, but have never gotten to read them to do it     can anyone tell me how to fix the \grouping similar posts\""?"""
"hyped up on gatorade     haha, try making me sleep now!"
"quote of the night: who are you calling a cootie <propfemale>, you lint licker!?!"
"treasure isle friends:  for several days in a row i have gone to my neighbors to collect gems and it has given me the same \you've already collected __ gem today\"" when none has showed up in my box  is anyone else having issues collecting gems from neighbors?"""
"saltykov: i love you! how can you doubt it? my god, don't you remember that first  night?  <propfemale>: [detached] oh, yes  it will always remind me that a  man can practice the <propmale> of a whore as well as a woman  --- <propfemale> the great (1995)"
"just so i understand this   you pass the  north korean border illegally you get 12 yrs hard labor, you pass the  afghan border illegally you get shot  you pass the american border  illegally you get a job, driver's license, allowance for a place to  live, health care, education, billions of dollars spent so you can read a  document  we <propfemale> passports in other countries or face jail time   repost this if you agree "
"to all my family and friends: i now have pictures of my prom dresses! if you wish to see them, please send me a message and i'll send you a link for them  trying to keep what they look like a surprise till that special night for my date!  smile "
"well, everyone one i am off for the night  as posted to all my friends and family i now have pictures of my prom dresses and if you wish to see \them, please send me a message and i'll try to get back to you by in the morning with a link for them!"
"reposting - to all my family and friends: i now have \pictures of my prom dresses! if you wish to see them, please send me a \message and i'll send you a link for them  trying to keep what they look\ like a surprise till that special night for my date!  smile "
"updated - to all my family and friends: i now have pictures\ of my prom dresses! if you wish to see them, please send me a message \and i'll send you a link for them  trying to keep what they look like a \surprise till that special night for my date!  smile  p s  - these pics have been updated and taken by a much better camera! come take a look!"
nothing like getting something in the mail that you have to rsvp to by tomorrow     ugh    
"okay, now instead of a week it's going to be two days that <propfemale> comes home     oh the madness!"
"not on for long     cleaning, packing, and a little rearanging is calling me tonight!"
"in 24 hours, <propfemale> will be home!  love "
"and now the count down begins     24 hours till <propfemale>'s home, 48 hours till prom and a month and some odd weeks until it's good bye ohio and hello south <propfemale>!"
sitting out back while watching ranger chew on sticks and bark at the passing birds and squirrels  such a nice day out  smile 
"it's now offical, <propfemale> is home! off to petsmart in a few to get some needed supplies and then it'll be dinner and night-night time for <propfemale>    "
t - minus eight hours and counting till prom    
"okay, i am home safe and sound  prom was fun, the limo ride was excellent, and i couldn't have asked for a better night!  smile  well, now it's time to clean up and get to bed  pictures will be posted later today "
"let's see who is paying attention     every single\ one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision \ i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!let's\ see who in my friends list actually pays attention copy and pastethis\ in your status  i will be watching to see who really is "
"okay, <propfemale>'s vet appointment is set up, the new pictures have been uploaded of her and ranger     and now, i think it's time to make some brownies "
it's hot hot hot     anyone have some ice cream that i can have? lol
nothing like being hungry and there's nothing in the house    
"who are you tell me   that i'm less than what i should be   who are you?   who are you? (yeah)    i don't need to listen   to the list of things i should do   i won't try, no, i won't try -- mirror by barlow girls"
"i got my sweet tea, got my pop tarts, got my puppy     life is good  smile "
"up doing some late night school work that needs to get done, not fun     looking on the brighter side of things, the sooner i get it done the better as next week is the last week of school "
it's oh so quiet    
some times a dream is all it takes to make you wake up in reality    
"well, it's offical  i am now here in sc for good!"
"the mad hatter annoyed have i gone mad? \\[<propfemale> checks hatter's temperature] \\<propfemale> kingsley annoyed i'm afraid so  you're entirely bonkers  but i'll tell you a secret  all \the best people are "
"the mad hatter annoyed when that day comes i shall futterwacken    vigorously"
    i think it's time to head to bed now     feeling sick looking at the bright computer screen 
"i think i'm coming down with somethng     i seem fine up until i start to clean and then i feel nauseous, even from our oderless ant killer     dx"
"my puppy is growing up so fast! only ten weeks, eleven in a couple days and she already knows: sit, down, to go to the back door if she needs to go out, how to walk somewhat on a leash, and now paw (shake)! there are still areas in the work in progress stage though  to think by the time petsmart comes around, she'll jump right into more advanced classes before ever touching a single puppy class   love "
i finally won the game      aaand now i just lost it     crap    
wishes so dearly that her puppy would quit trying to eat her puzzle     ><
is starting to get annoyed with the constant diconections with frontierville    
i guess i should get off here and go to bed as i do have plans for tomorrow     night night facebook!
is eating cold stone creamery ice cream parlor flovered jelly beans by jelly belly  so good!  love 
so board     wish the library was close enough here that i could walk to it    
"palmetto bug, palmetto bug, where for are thou oh palmetto bug     under my shoe and in the trash sucker!!!"
i'm up for a little longer     maybe an hour at most before i try to get some sleep  it's funny how being here has changed my way of sleeping 
if i had just one tear running down your cheek maybe i could cope maybe i'd get some sleep if i had just one moment at your exspense maybe all my misery would be well spent   
"so, what's everyone doing for their dads for fathers day?"
where are all these dang palmetto bugs coming from!?!?!
"shooting at the walls of heartache bang, bang! i am the warrior  well i am the warrior  and heart to heart you'll win  if you survive the warrior, the warrior"
"is really, really board     can't ask anyone to do anything as i really don't know anyone down here yet and no bike to get around with, so i'm stuck here in the house "
"is hot, tired, and strangely satisfied that she did yard work in 92 (feeling like 102 according to weather com) weather  now to get some ice cream and cool off "
the didn't like me! they never liked me!
"it's seven in the morning and my puppy has the zoomies     where in the world did she get all this energy from? me, i'm not quite sure, but all i know is i want some of it    "
"is unhappy with farmville  not to sound like a whiny bitch, but why it the world would you do that? get my hopes up that i could build a japanese barn to go with my others only to find out to get the frame you need to have 50 fv cash which i do not have nor can i get  i'm loosing hope with this game    "
"it's seven in the morning and my puppy has the zoomies     where in the world did she get all this energy from? me, i'm not quite sure, but all i know is i want some of it    "
it's storming here and my hair smells like bananas!  laugh 
ho hum     time to go clean the carpets (my first time ever) and then scoot on out of the house for a little while while the carpet dries     all sounds fun no?
"you know, it's funny how undereducated most people seem be about a head halter on a dog   yes, i am not surprised that people just to to conclusion that my dog may bite  but at the same time it bothers me when i see the look on their faces "
"so board     wish i had someone to <propfemale> with, even if it means just sitting around watching movies "
it's raining here     and i'm board 
i'm craving more hot fries now     dx
"mma be up in the club doin' whatever i like imma be poppin' that bubbly, coolin' and livin' that good life oh, let's make this last forever, partyin' with you together on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and"
i really want to color something now      anyone have a coloring book?
time to get some food      love 
my puppy is scared of loud noises and things coming at her and i don't know how to deal with it      i feel so defeated already
"i feel like dancing\to this fast and crazy beat \feeling this itch, this ache,from my head to my feet  \\i rock it all out,\dancing and singing out loud \at the top of my voice,\not once caring if i have a crowd "
two weeks and counting down     not 100% looking forward to it all 
"oh my, seems i'm slacking in the picture department again  will update them later tonight if i can, tomorrow at the latest  in other news - i got my professional prom pictures now and will also be scanning them in  uploading them tonight tomorrow as well for everyone to see   love "
did anyone else for the longest time today not be allowed to log in here on fb?  annoyed 
"to all my game friends: my key games i play are - pet society, family feud, and farmville  i no longer play many of the games i use to, but i will continue being neighbors in all games needed  all i ask is please don't send me gifts to any other games but the ones listed above [pet society, family feud, and farmville]  thank you "
it's 3:18 in the morning     and i can't sleep 
"to all my game friends: my key games i play are - pet society, family feud, and farmville  i no longer play many of the games i use to, but i will continue being neighbors in all games needed  all i ask is please don't send me gifts to any other games but the ones listed above [pet society, family feud, and farmville]  thank you "
oh the funny things our pets can do    
"it's official, the carpet cleaner has become my new best friend   "
so     much      running     i hate back to school shopping     
off to the first day of school     lucky me  smile 
i'm home and happy  today was interesting to say the least     might put my schedule up later if anyone else wants to see it    
well     todays school day was pretty much a bust     should have opted to stay home    
my schedule is up if anyone wants to see it  look under my notes to find it    
"argh!!! with in a week and a half i have had two schedule changes     and once my transcripts finally come in, i'm going to have another one!      i need a hug    "
"well, it's official  i'm back in the band! oh dear flute how i missed you so    "
"finished with my math homework finally     ugh, i'm so going to hate spending 90 minutes with mr  fillmore tomorrow     but on the plus side, at the end of the day i'll be in band with my flute  now, off to finish getting things together for tomorrow and getting to bed  night everyone!"
grrr     home not feeling good     so much for shooting to have no sick days    
off to school    ooh-rah!
"just survive tomorrow and i'll have a three day weekend! i'll try to get some pics of me in my school \uniform\"" and my jrotc camis this weekend """
"i think i'm going through a personality change to the point of where it's scaring everyone  wanting to wear make up, mini skirts [respectable, nothing slutty or that sort]      just starting to be a little more girly than normal   i'm just tried of being a \plain jane\"" and getting looked over all the time for my looks """
"'s going to go dress up as the grim reaper, and run around in the nursing home and say, \see you soon! \"""""
"i am home!  laugh  standing four hours holding a sign and switching to drying, the band car was successful!"
i'm thinking it's time to hit the hay     been such a long day    
is watching tourettes uncovered on discovery channel  it's amazes and saddens me what these kids have to live with every single day of their lives    
just got a lesson in how to use an iron      smile 
"my schedule: got up at 6 this morning, had some mcdonald's, and by 0800 i was out at the jrotc's adopt a highway picking up trash  productive morning so far  smile "
"caution: may show signs of irritable, bitchy-ness and sudenly lash out     you've been warned    "
is thinking about getting a hair cut     or at least a trim with some bangs    
come here little kiddy and let me offer you some <propfemale>    
: i am what i am   your approval isn't needed and it wasn't never asked! sorry
amazing how your whole day is going great until one event ruins it all 
"you never know what you'll miss till its gone, when i'm gone please don't even say you miss me  i'm done with that lie  "
"why did i fall for it?     i had all the freaking warning signs and still chose to go for it and now i am suffering for it  dumb jerk couldn't even tell it to my face that he truly didn't want to go out with me, but instead just use me   "
"tell me this      why is it the moment i look forward to something that i really want to do, something, even if it's just a little thing, has to fuck everything i look forward to up?  heart-broken "
"going to lie down for a short nap, then get ready to go and celebrate with talyor"
grr     these random mood swings are getting annoying      it's like i have an on off switch and i can't find it
"well, off to bed  <propmale> day is not a holiday we get off here in sc for the schools, i must get some sleep and be ready for that time graded mile long rotc run tomorrow     hope gunny <propfirst> has coffee ready for me in the morning    "
my one mile run time - 9:44      i think i can do better next quarter  let's try making it somewhere between 9:10 and 9:20 next time    
"so confused, angry     and no one else to blame but myself for the most part "
"hanging out with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and jordy     going to watch movies at <propmale>'s later  smile it feels good and weird not having school today "
"well, good bye 3 day vacation, hello school day     just gotta remind myself to get through this week and then boom! off all week next week  laugh       in other news: i'm in the drama club!"
i underestimated how much i would miss you till now    
"had a great night! thanks again <propfemale> for letting me go out with you guys  smile  now to get off here and get ready for bed     even though i'm the only one out of the three hsers, i have to go to school tomorrow  ick!  playful "
"so, extended learning wasn't so bad     rather of stayed home than gone though = s"
yippie! i now have my beginners permit!  love  now only 180 more days [and counting down] until i can take the drivers test and get my license    
"so, i drove on the road for the first time this evening  little nerve wrecking, but fun    "
"a little turkey, a little stuffing, and a good time for all     happy thanksgiving to all!  smile "
"-sigh- so, here ends the five day weekend and the whole back to school normalcy      three weeks and counting down till next break and christmas!  love "
"you know, it's bad when the police and the principle have to be called over stupid shit that could have been avoided     i swear a good amount of hs kids now a days have no common sense anymore     "
"    we're so special, when you look in the dictionary under \short bus\""", there's a group picture of us!  - steve rea [house of night series: untamed]  \70b2bd6ee527e8118097b058e6fa046b,one of these days i will get through all the requests i have neglected for so long     @ @
"you know, when people say that children bring some much joy and laughter, take their word for it because it is so true  even though i only spent two and a half hours with the kindergarteners, i felt something magical with all of them that makes me want to go back and work with all of them again    "
cookies are an epic fail     must abort the mission and go to bed soon    
bleh     home sick today with a fever    
it's funny that you don't notice how much you miss someone so much until you start talking with them again    
"well, time to wrap it up and start cleaning my room soon    "
wanting to wish all my family and friends a very <propfemale> christmas and a happy start to your new year  smile 
"managed to get no reservations tonight while at the store     one down, so many more movies to go to add to my collection!"
    just had the realization that i need to go out and get post cards and that i can't get any here on <propfemale> bay    
the more i deal with this teacher     the more and more i get pissed being around him    
off to bed     maybe tomorrow will be a good day    
"well     i guess it's time to get off and go to bed so i can go to this place called \school\"" in the morning     ugh    """
"plans for this weekend: sleep, clean out and update the mp3 player, and <propfemale> with friends     probability of any of this happening? slim to none    "
zodiac signs have been changed     interesting     at least i'm still a pisces 
so tired     hope i'm not this tired when i march with the band in the parade tomorrow    
you think a little rain is going to ruin my parade? i don't think so!
"ugh, don't you hate it when you're having such a good day and then the weather just makes you feel awful?"
"wow, it's sunday and we all know what that means     why does tomorrow have to start on a sucky day for school? maybe it's just me, just i hate my a days    "
anyone know <propfemale> watson's number i can get a hold of? she's not here yet and i'm planning on getting out the door soon    
"well, i guess it's time for me to finish up the laundry and go to bed   all i have to say is, tgift (thank god it's friday tomorrow)"
"life e playful lained: on the first day, god created the dog and said annoyed \'sit all day by the door of your house and bark at anyone who comes in or walks past  for this, i will give you a life span of twenty years '\\the dog said: 'that's a long time to be barking  how about only ten years and i'll give you back the other ten?'\\so god agreed \\on the second day, god created the monkey and said:"
"well, i'm an \auntie\"" for the weekend! <propmale> got his \""baby\"" for the weekend and i get to help  laugh """
enjoying my evening clearing out 5000+ neglected emails     not    
"so, the music sucked, i embarrassed myself over a simple miscommunication, and i seem somehow to be the only one dancing by myself which isn't any fun     over all point: the dance i went to tonight sucked     fml"
"okay, say a little prayer for me as so i don't wreak dads car and kill anyone out on the main road here in a few     in other news: i'm hungry"
do i have to go to school tomorrow?
you smile i smile you cry i cry you laugh i laugh you trip i laugh harder cause i'm the one who tripped you
"well, time to scamper off to shower and bed  maybe i can sleep tonight and feel rested tomorrow    "
"well folks, it's been evening at band camp, but i managed to somehow survive it  now time to get some shut eye before getting up early tomorrow for rotc stuffs  night!"
"reminder: all rotc friends, don't forget to wear <propfemale>'s tomorrow ! \in other news: i got to play with a blood pressure cuff and a stethoscope third period today!  love "
"if you saw me in a police car, honestly what would you think i got arrested for  !? post this as your status & see wat crime you get accused of"
"rehearsing lines for drama club, practicing for our band competition in charleston next week, coming up with craft ideas for early childhood and trying to get things together for my party! i'm in for many busy weeks coming up      someone remind me how i got myself into some of this mess?  laugh  night everyone"
"thank you to all my friends and family for the wonderful birthday wishes  i had an interesting and wonderful day  love, hugs, and kisses to all  love   smile "
applying for jobs online     fun     
"you have to stop and wonder some days that when everything is going right, what is that one little thing that can make everything go wrong    "
"well, as soon as i finish my cough medicine and fold the laundry, i'll be off to bed  cross your fingers everyone and hope the band doesn't suck too much at charleston tomorrow    "
"ugh     being up early on what's suppose to be my spring break and not having coffee is not what i would call a good morning     well, time to school to the bus  hope everyone who isn't in elt is enjoying their time off "
ugh feel like crap     what ever is going through my system i wish would hurry up and get out    
"ugh     nothing screams \great day\"" like locking yourself out of your own ipod    """
"alrighty fb, time to get off here and get things ready for school tomorrow (ew) night~"
