31d2775685ffd9e4d87247f3cc13be5f
"might get a cell phone before schools starts again, but only if my dad will pay for it   "
i've been up since 3 smile 0 am and i still haven't found anything fun to do   
i  am  so  tired 
i don't no if i should be excited for 9th grade or afraid of it   
i've been up since 8pm   but i can't get to sleep 
i've been up for 12 hours and for some reason i feel like shit  laugh 
i had an awesome day! even if i've been awake for 20 hours  laugh 
"i have a stupid headache, but the excitment from my date in a half an hour seems to help me not notice the pain as much   so that makes me happy!"
my breathing is forever wacked   
"i am listening to the best album ever, nevermind "
hate being up now   but at least i get to look forward to spending the afternoon with my girlfriend again  smile 
"i don't want it to rain, but if it must   please rain after i get to her place  smile "
"we may not be together anymore, but my breathing is still wacked because of you  laugh "
"tired and watching an awesome movie called dogma  it's really cool! it deals with the devil, and god and all that stuff   but with a funny weird twist  it even features <propfirst> and silent <propmale> "
just woke up and i already feel like shit   this is gonna be a great day 
the smoke fills my lungs and the blade burns my skin  --part of my new poem  what do you think?
"yay! finished my poem, the blue blade! i like it  joyful "
"i'm gonna get dookie either today or tomorrow! so, in your face green day fans!"
" laugh  my mom and i are talking about records, you know actual albums, vinyl lp  yeah, that  i love a lot of music that was recored on vinyl  but, i'm just weird like that "
worst day concerning my family   we have reason to believe my dad and his gf are doing drugs and that his gf might kill us   plus my mom's gonna <propfemale> him   this is a suckish day   
"wow   i actually woke up at a good time  8 smile 0, took a shower and i'm now eating a real breakfast!  chocochip pancakes! i feel   weird i guess  laugh "
now i'm mad   i didn't have enough money to get a cd   any cd   
damn my dad   can't afford nothing   yeah right asshole  i need to get my wisdom teeth cut out and he says no   
goddamit   i hate my friends 
"now i hate four people  my dad, my friends bf, my ex gf and then her bff "
this doesn't help me much   
"listening to papa roach, three day's grace, and bullet for my <propfirst> today   and i have no reason why "
"-sniffle sniffle- listening to hawthorne heights [exspecialy their first album] makes me sad   r i p  <propfirst> calvert, no one can replace  your screams "
"god, some people are just idiots  and i'm getting sick and tired of fighting with them "
damn cashwise video  they forgot to take off the security thingy  whatever 
i have gone blank because of my hatred twards three people   
"another normal wake up and breakfast  it's so weird, i'm scaring myself "
listening to four letter lie today 
so fucking bored   there is nothing to do here   
" laugh  i fell on my couch, and i dont wanna move  and i have to type with one hand so im not using caps or anything   laugh  my legs are over the edge resting on y dog and my heads on my black cat  i cant help but laugh "
i know i'm bored when i watch random movies like <propmale> potter 
why is it that it seems to me like i'm the only one that cares if someone i know threatens to tries to kill themself? i care!
gir   after being around depressed people all day i'm feeling depressed   
i've been online way too much    
i  got  contacts! boohyah!
"i'm listening to this awesome british band, last constellation  they are pretty damn awesome "
"well, this is interesting   my best friends making out with a guy i hate  how fun   "
i'm having fun listening to music  smile 
officialy the best day ever  smile 
"   it's something unpredictable, but in the ends it's right   "
"found some of my mom's old pastel drawings, they are fucking awesome!"
might <propfemale> with <propfemale> at the mall today   but i gotta get ready still   
this so sucks   i pulled two muscles and i have no idead how   
   oh great   i might have broken my ankle or something cause it hurt like hell   
she has officially pissed me off and she doesn't give a damn about anyone but herself and <propfemale>   
my head is about to e playful lode and my leg still hurts like hell   this is gonna be one shitty week   
i love tonights episode of pretty little liars  smile 
"off to bed, hope i feel better in the morning "
some people are just born a bitch   
"i'm up   and my eye hurts   ? oh well, so does my leg  laugh  got my new glasses today and i'm working on my story rb so yeah   "
sooooo tired   
"gettin my hair cut and dyed hopefully on the 13th, but i might not get the blue in it "
i have a paperclip in my lip  laugh 
what the fuck???? i just tried to put milk in the freezer???? what is wrong with me????
goddamit! the fucking dog keeps looking at me and messing with my stuff! plus he keeps trying to go under the couch to get the cat!
futurama (or similar product)
working on my story rb  smile 
why am i so fucking tired?????
going crazy over my cell phone situation   
well   i have officially gone insane  smile 
"home alone, and writing my story rb   having a blast   not really "
is watching a spin off of a show that was on for almost 20 years   
"\do me a favor\"" \""what?\"" \""shut up and drive \"" lol"""
"   hmmmm, what to do tomorrow?? any ideas??"
i'm fucking pissed and i don't know why   perfect 
"\i'll take this ink from my arms and write your name in the sky  please don't use my letters to start your fires this time \"" speeding up the octaves by hawthorne heights  best song ever  heart-broken  r i p  <propfirst> calvert """
i had three very weird dreams   but i only remember two of them   
"great   now i feel depressed   stupid music   love  all-american rejects, hawthorne heights, and green day "
got a problem with me? say it to my goddamn face not behind my fucking back 
   so fucking bored   nothing to do today but stupid shit   wanna <propfemale> out??
   i have a fat black cat staring at me with his yellow eyes and a skinny black dog looking oh-so sweetly at me with his brown eyes! it's freaking me out   
i just watch two episodes of trueblood with my mom and her bf  awesome show  love it 
   watching man of the house for no reason except for the fact i'm bored  next time my fam gets some extra cash we're rentin a few dvds and orderin a pizza   
"bored today, wanna <propfemale> with someone!"
"stained - outside  a song that totally relates to my life and to so many other people  look it up on youtube guys! and watch the official music video for it! and yes, it's a rock band  they play often on q98 "
"this fucking sucks  i bet we're gonna miss orientation tomorrow, or at least something will go wrong and i'll be pissed tomorrow even more than i am right now "
fuck you mother  and  i hate you father  and  i don't give a damn anymore  fuck the world and everyone in it 
"sometimes, talking to people is like talking to a fence  you can talk to it all you want, but every once in a while someone on the other side responds "
"i got a headache, but oh well "
   i got an idea   for christmas  laugh 
damn internet   takes forever to load a video   longer than the video itself 
"oh my gawd, i'm up at 7am! well, that's because of stupid school orientation with my mom, dad, <propfirst> and <propfemale> at 9  at least i get to show off my new lip ring "
"yes!! no first period!!  laugh  talked to jordans mom for a bit, that was fun  gonna go watch the runaways with my mom now   "
"the pta better watch out, my mom is trying to get <propfirst> askews mom, <propfemale>, to join with her   they are gonna make the pta hell "
drawing on my new notebook with song lyrics   
"dear school, if you ever make all students partake in an activty, i will take the activities booklet and burn it in your face  from, concerned student     laugh  it is very true though   "
foreign exchange called me today   
goddamit! fucking asshole computer wont load the fucking video   i've been watching the goddamn show for an hour and i haven't even gotten halfway thru th 43 minute episode! this fucking sucks!
   still not done with my one show that i started watchin at 8 smile 0 and it's only 43 minutes long   
wow   two hours to finish a 43 minute show   my computers a jackass   
"well, this is gonna be fun   my friend is gonna be living with me for 4 days "
eh   diner with dad tonight then my friends over tomorrow   so this is gonna be weird   
eh   getting my hair cut and dyed black on friday the 13th  it's gonna be awesome!
i love love the rain! but i don't like it when my friends coming over today   
got my hair cut and dyed black   it reminds me of <propfirst> jett for some reason   anyways gonna head to the mall soon after me and <propfemale> are done eating   
 laugh  gonna watch a movie then head outside until midnight  love  gotta love my block!
have a fucking headache and    am so out of it  i feel like i'm gonna pass out    thank you hair dye    also loving my new hair style!
the <propmale> of flirting is a complicating thing   
" laugh  had the best time at fail park with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and andie   but sadly <propfirst> didn't show   plus we had to ride bike home in the rain    but we still had an awesome time!"
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vigcm3mluos fun at spider [fail] park with <propfemale>, andi, and aaron   and yes i know i spelled andi wrong in the vid   "
wtf f  f? <propfemale> and i were high off air last night   
"haha   green day's on the radio and i'm loving when i come around  smile  although i wish it was basket case, which is my favorite green day song that's on the radio  laugh  \imma loser and a user   \"""""
i so wanna go to the red <propfemale> show on wednesday   but i can't   so i'm gonna go to the hot topic thingy that day   
"it's too damn <propfemale> out!! i wanted to <propfemale> outside, but noo  the only good thing that came from the wind was that it dried my hair  laugh "
   i am not team fucking <propmale> or <propfirst> or even switzerland    i am team <propmale>!
hahaha! this is gonna be a funnn week  e playful ecialy wednesday!
 laugh  crash <propmale>'s you got me is awesome! look it up  smile 
eh   are people happy now that i have a picture of me up? even though it's fucking crappy   
"getting ready for the mall   and i got 10$! yay! well, i can either spend it today or use it for the awesome concernt on wednesday at the red raven   what do you guys think?"
now i have 27$! woohoo!
meeting people of facebook is funn  smile 
watching <propmale> potter ftw!
roasting marshmallows over candles  yumm 
"hm   i don't care   i'm not going so   um, yeah "
watching batman begins ftw!
i wanna move far away   but i like this school and these friends   
i think i want to move to duluth   now all i gotta do is get my parents to go along with it   
"suposed to do stuff today, but i doubt it's gonna happen   just like yesterday "
"listening to the awesome <propfirst> <propmale>, she has an amazing voice, does awesome covers, and she writes some beautiful songs  look up xemobanditx on youtube!"
well that really boosted my confidence   not 
you promises mean nothing to me anymore   all you do is promise we'll do something then run off for the day without me   
gonna go watch a movie to help me calm the fuck down   
okay   i can't watch a movie after what i just found out   fuck you <propfemale> <propfemale> keller and <propfemale> <propfemale> haaland  that made me feel better  laugh 
if ya wanna talk email me at blackvalentine@live com   
i think i'm gonna go do something dangerous   
"watching another movie while i work on not spazing over my ex and not freaking out about my mom   at least it's a good movie, back to the future "
gonna go to bed after my movie ends   then when i wake up i'm either gonna rudely wake up my mom by either yelling at her or by yelling at her through the phone   depends on where she's at   
feeling better this morning   
i want my drink   !
i got my drink   so now i'm happy  laugh 
can't sleep   
i am so tired   
i am so fucking bored and will be until school starts   then i will in total and utter boredom   great   
i goal for this year is that my grandma will not recognize me this year at thanks giving and that she'll think i'm a freak by my birthday in march  laugh  i hope it works   
oh my fucking god! i'm actually up at 8! this is scary   
more of todays happenings: we found out the dog doesn't like vodka but loves coconut flavored vodka   even though he likes any and everything in is path to get the taste out of his mouth   and of course he then drinks more   
i hate mornings   
i gotta lot of stuff tomorrow   plus school starts wednesday   so this week sucks   
so tired   can't believe school starts tomorrow   
oh my fucking gawd school starts tomorrow   shit! this is gonna suck   
"well, tonight was fun   i got to prevent my dog from eating my food, killing my one cat, and pissing off my other all while trying to help a 59 year old man, using a computer for the very first time, look up cars on ebay   "
gonna go to bed now   night facebook peoples  laugh 
eh   school today   great   
"   very weird day at school   took forever to find my locker, for a while i thought it was off in neverland or something   "
wow   my mom and i get on the most random subjects   this time it was lady gaga   
i so hope my journalism teacher doesn't have a problem with my assignment for tomorrow   otherwise many of my friends plus my mom will have a problem with her   
not sure if i wanna go to school today or not    laugh  but i have too 
the deffinition of today is: the same as yesterday but different 
great   mom went through my room while i was at school   
i hate mornings    still 
eh    mom and <propmale> forced me to go to potato days   met <propmale>'s sister   looked at some awesome cars   so i had a pretty suckish day   gonna play sims 3 now though!
pornstar dancin' by my darkest days = one awesome song  laugh 
"haha, sunday skool rocks  laugh  listen to q98 at midnight to 2 am sunday morning!"
might go out to breakfast   then we might go check out the car that apparently doesn't work that my dad got me 
listening to some pretty weird music   but i love it  gotta love alt feed  laugh 
"today's highlights: world cultures with <propfirst> askew and after school with <propfirst> fuller and <propfemale> tranmer  stuff that happened i didn't like: almost freaking out in algebra and journalism  so, today was a pretty cool day "
"hm   i got a headache, homework, and no food   great   "
rain  love 
great   i'm sick on the 5th day of school   
"just wondering, but do we start the late start wednesday's tomorrow???"
still sick   stupid potato days and there food poisoning   
might not be at school tomorrow yet again   still fucking sick and it sucks   
still fucking sick and nobody's taking me to the fucking doctor   
great i lost my voice    
"another 3 day's stuck at home   wait, i get to go to a farm on sunday   great more people i don't like  the only good thing that came out of this week was starting a new story and it now has 10 pages and 3,025 words  laugh "
"i have to say this yet again, but, mornings suck "
i wanna get ripped off and drown in the airwaves  another fatal wreck on the information highway   laugh 
gonna go eat pizza and watch dogma!
"goddamit, now i wanna jump in a bush   "
yes!! no farm!!
fucking computer  toshiba's a piece of shit 
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=keyt9_keyp4&feature=related funniest green day live video ever, <propfirst> <propfirst> preforms <propmale> for a day in a thong  don't say i didn't warn you  laugh  because i did "
"i am so glad my love of green day has come back  laugh  one drawback, i can't stop listening to them!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=jegs9o7c3im&feature=related awesome song by green day from warning  laugh  it's called misery 
gonna go watch a weird movie called in the midnight garden of good and evil  laugh 
"great, i gotta a headache    eh, but i'm watching a good, very weird, but good movie "
midnight in the garden of good and evil is one amazingly weird movie  it's now one of my favorites  laugh 
"i woke up to find that i was freezing cold   5 times  so   i'm not that happy this morning, but green day is helping me out with that  laugh "
misery then off to the bus  laugh 
"he's gonna get high high high\when he's low low low\the fire burns from better days\and she screams why oh why\i said i dont know\the catastrophic hymns from yesterday\of misery"
i hate my computer   it is a piece of toshiba shit 
"eh, dentist tomorrow  i get outta math and journalism though, so that's good  laugh "
i have the desier to chop off all my hair   but i don't know why   
hm   i think i'm gonna come to school on monday with my hair chopped off   but it depends on how i'm feeling then   
"i don't wanna go to fucking school today  mostly cause i can't see straight, can barely keep my eyes open, am tired as hell, and don't wanna sit around until 9 smile 0   "
"i feel like i'm about to have a mental breakdown   great, i have school today "
"wow   i suck at names apparently, i only remember one of the four girls that sat with me at lunch yesterday   "
"got a question, ask it  got a problem, say it "
"my pizza broke, i mean it fucking broke! i picked it up to put it in the oven and about fourth of the pizza broke off! stupid jacks self rising crust   "
i wanna go back to sleep   
"gawd, i am so tired and have a <propmale> headache plus i got homework   "
"well, this sucks   "
not in the best of moods   gotta stop thinking about them   otherwise i think i might e playful lode   
"eh, gonna finish watchin this episode then imma go to sleep, hopefully "
good things about to day are that it's raining and it's friday  bad things are that i only got like 5 hours of sleep and i'm in the worst  mood i've been in for a while  so don't piss me off   
i hope i make it to tomorrow   
"highlights of today: lunch, world cultures, after school, bus ride home  things today that i didn't like: before school, science, english, math, journalism, and getting a umbrella thrown at me   "
smells like teen spirit is 19 today  laugh 
"hm   well i can't find a name for the fear of getting caught, but the closest thing i could find was mastigophobia, the fear of getting punished "
i looked at our calls and saw her name   this can't be good   
"lol, <propfemale> called my mom only to yell at someone in the background, i suspect it was <propfirst> "
"finally <propfemale> is able to talk to my mom  laugh  this weekend will be awesome, writing my stories and reading manga   perfect  love "
i hate how you act like you never loved me   
"best night ever   sunday skool, manga, and criminal minds  love   laugh "
"another great night  alt  feed, manga, and criminal minds  love "
"woohoo, i have an editer now  laugh   laugh  i'm still excited, even if it is <propfemale> "
so tired   don't wanna go to school today   
