aa31430013ead362cd8f83286e34424c
"new years thingy mabober, to have as much fun as i can for my last year of being a civilian  smile "
party it up fort tomorrow we kick ass!!!!!!!!!
i gots the munchies sad 
"just showed my little sister my song to her, she loved it  smile  whoot! *highfive*"
whats crackalackin peoples?
new number 720 388 3022
im so damn creative  laugh 
"lol! \hey! how about we have a nice big cup of shut the fuck up!?!?!?!?!?!?\""  laugh  lol"""
"just ran into 2 retired marines  i so can't freaking wait to join  just a year and a half till i become a devil dog, jarhead, leatherneck, <propfemale> "
i neeed something to help get my mind off things
i want to go sky diving all of a sudden
life is like a box of chocolates   you never know whatcha ganna get 
"thinking about deleting my, my yearbook, facebook, and myspace "
had the best freaking dream ever! dreamt i earned my e g a it was like i was actually there  to bad it was only a dream  a year or so til i can actually earn it
i hate allergies  sad 
here's something simple   boobs   that's all i have to say  laugh 
just figured out what song to dedicate to my amazing girl!  laugh  its guardian angel by rja  laugh 
"be honest, if you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me put a ?  if i'm you friend put a  smile   if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush on me put a  laugh     if your not scared, post this as your status"
figured out what my new years resalution is  i am going to live everyday like its my last day alive cuz you never no when its your last anything   laugh 
i need a great stress reliever anyone have any ideas?
"i so wish i rated this <propfemale> corp birth day, but two more birthdays and i will  oorah!  laugh "
i love me cuz
"qawzsexrcftvgyhujnimko,l"
"my new new years resolution, live everyday like its my last day alive, love my family and friends no matter what, and to respect myself  laugh  oorah"
pting for the 1st time in a long time  i so missed it  laugh  i so can't wait for x-max  p 90x!  laugh 
"hey you! yeah you, you should comment  like this post  i'm seeing how many likes comments i can get in 24 hours  playful  lol just for the hell of it "
"lol \i'm mind fucking you right now\"" lol awesome movie!"""
"i have a new favortie super villian hero, besides the joker of course, but the new one is megamind  playful "
oh aspen and i decided that the little girl in despicable me with the black hair is my daughter and megamind is me  lol badass
"life is like a blow up doll, fun and great at times and sometimes it just pops from to much stress  lol"
argh                                                       so wish i was in the corp already  kiss ( es muy muy grande mucho suprme altra uber super sad face  kiss (
"why do all the hot chicks have a bf? argh,"
"i love how i can help people with their issues, but i cant fix mine  go figure   "
once you go bek you never go back! lol
hey you! yeah you!!!!!!!!!!! hi  laugh 
"give me an o, give me a g, give me a r, give me a y, what does that spel?!?!?!? teamwork!"
"pst! your balls are showing     bumblebee tuna, bumblebee tuna "
"ganna make the shortest satus ever, you ready for this? \ \"" there ya go shortest status ever and there's not a damn thing you can do mwhahahahahahahahahahaaha  """
boobs     are amazing!!!!!!!!!
"sometimes i just have to wonder, what could be? hymn"
an amazing x-mas i got the best gifts ever!!!!!!!  smile  but best one of all seeing the whole family together love you all  smile 
"mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm skittles, oh wait mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm <propfemale> fox  smile  i bet they both taste delisous  wink "
"its hard to believe that in just 12 months i can start my dream, i so can't wait  smile  i'm really really excitied  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh "
"had a great day, got to learn more about cars, it was fun  playful  thank you uncle <propfirst>  smile "
"like <propmale> marley once said, \don't wory about a ting cu evy litle ting is ganna be allight \""  smile """
great start to a weekend  smile 
had a badass dream but woke up in the middle of it and now can't go back to sleep 
good play  playful 
"really can't wait for my future to start! i want to go to boot, find a nice girl, and live long  smile , but patients is needed  playful  yet a pain "
looking forward to finishing my 1st run of p90x  smile 
"doing ok on my testing, wish i was doing better  annoyed "
so can't wait to do m a r s o c !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  so damn excited 
go go power ranger!    thunder cats unite!     lol ahh i miss old tv shows i used to watch as a kid  
i really hate my body    feel like shit 
stupid military commercials    really wish i could join right now 
happy singles awareness day!
fuck yes! the <propfemale> corp changed the crusible so now its supposed to be really hard  it looks and sounds really freaking fun i so can't wait!!!!!!!
actually a not bad national singles awareness lol
having a damn good day  smile  if anyone ruins it i will fucking kill them  smile  lol
"i feel retarded  i did the math and to pass the ged you need a toal adverage of 56% and my total adverage is 63 4%  i can pass , but going to take 3rd test 1st "
"argh, i took the 3rd test and got a better adverage, but failed math and passed everything else  damn, so close "
"starting to feel like shit   i hate my body, can i return it for a better one? lol"
just a few more months  laugh 
dr  offices=please shoot me
"life is like fire, it can be short and dangerous, or long and brutal either way sooner or later your extinguished so might as well leave your burn while you can"
"1st consert, so far so good  smile  prodagy was awesome! felt like raving and moshin  annoyed "
"damn good consert, only issue is    lost my voice   i think i left it in the car lol"
"i made bacon with dr pepper, so yummy  smile  lol"
"holy shit, the ged test is 80 bucks, lol just means i can't fuck up lol  smile "
this year needs to hurry up and be over with   
"opened my 1st b day gift, it was a <propfemale> sized <propfemale> corp blanket, i love it  smile  my room is now completly <propfemale> corp decked out  smile "
thanks everyone for the happy b day  smile  
thank you all  playful 
"lmao, someone asked me to stop being perverted, they don't know me at all lol  sorry thought that was funny "
"i can do this daily, wake up before the sun comes up  its amazing with the birds cherping   smile  i miss the outdoors  sad "
i feel like running a 5 k  playful  idk why though 
needs to blow off some steam
it's amazing how much you can tell about someone over one little thing happening 
"\the warrior's song-hard corp\"" look it up!  laugh  bad fucking ass! so cant wait to go"""
"lmao, my quote of the day, \yup as soon as i give a shit    ready? yup still dont give a shit\"" by <propfirst> <propmale> bek"""
"i really wish zombies existed, so i can just go shoot a few to have fun  playful "
i really really want to be a part of something bigger than my self   
whoot! best holiday ever!
"whoot! filled out 14 job aps, and going to go turn 'em in, after i eat lunch though  playful "
"i need motivation to go run, and or workout    soooooooo tired    "
"everyone is sick   seriously wtf? i'm fine, i guess if zombies do exsist ill be fine, cuz i won't get the virus and id be blowing the shit out of 'em    if only"
whoot fixed 3 guns in less than 30 <propfemale>  i rule    playful 
"i hate being impatient, i want to go to boot camp!"
"i really really want to go hunting, i also hope i get this job "
whoot day two with mt new guitar and i just figured out a great ending to a song   lol now to make the middle and begining lol and i'm just goofing around 
"i feel like i'm not doing as much with my life as i can, i want to hurry up and start doing stuff to make this world a better place         i know in do time   "
just slept 19 hours  smile 
fml! car breaks down and phone is dead   lucky enough a nice couple was nice enough to help me push the car and give me a ride home   this weekend fucking blew 
"ran for the 1st time in a long time, wow   "
i want to earn my freaking e g a  so badly  sad 
