e08343ceb0f2d6ac0bd37b100921ac56
"is it just me or do we always say the year ending was the worst year ever, and we can't wait for the next one?  well, either way, happy new year - here's to a better 2011!"
i love my swiffer wetjet!  there is no excuse not to mop when it's so easy   is it sad how little excites me????
everyone's going to bed         i guess it's my turn   good night day one of 2010   it was a fun one!
i bet most people don't know <propmale> can tango!!
the year is half over??????!!!!!!!  where did the time go?
"wants her hands to stop itching   and burning   and hurting   and, did i mention itching?  why do they keep saying no stress helps eczema - eczema is stressful!"
"according to webmd i could be allergic to work, laundry and washing dishes   i am convinced webmd is written by disgruntled working moms "
"i have requests from mother's day       oh, dear "
the car ordeal continues      grrrrr sad 
thanks everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!!!!  hugs and kissesxoxoxo
dim sum on <propfirst> bourdain!  me want grand dragon!!!
sprained left wrist = miserable left-handed person   i need a kiss from mommy to make it better sad 
"has come to the sad realization that she has never been the pretty girl guys want to talk to, but at least she's now the mom of the pretty girl "
"i got a \b!\"" an f**in b!  that makes two b's and an a!!  why didn't i do this well in college when i had so much less to do????!!!!!"""
"just finished her second week of psych assignments - still not as good as seeing agr in her \artist you may like\"" napster list!"""
<propfirst> on the biggest loser is going to get the crap beat out of her!
how the --- did <propfirst> lose 11 pounds????!!!!!  send her home!!!!
snotty nose + hacking cough = a baby who goes to sleep at 11pm (let's hope she stays that way this time!)
"tickets for girls scouts jamboree: $12 a head   lunch for 16 at the <propmale>'s arm tavern: $280   spending time with my sister's girl scout troop, making new friends in some awesome moms, and being run to death by the coolest almost 9-year-old girl in the world at the wooden park:  priceless "
"wants romance, spontaneity and a happy ending "
<propfemale>'s morning sickness made me laugh!!!!!!  way to take down the whole office!
"crying over the \office wedding!\""  omg - i only wish i had a plan c that awesome        so sweet!!!!!!!!!"""
the crib mattress despearately needs to be lowered 
i need a basement with a treadmill and free weights   boo on e playful ensive <propfemale> homes sad 
red shoe hussy!!!!!
you can now by caskets through wal-mart online?  wtf???!!!!
my fever is starting to go down!  now just around 100 - let's hope it keeps going that way!!!!!!
97 5!  now we just have to stay down for 23 more hours!!!!!
"i left <propfemale> alone for three minutes to make a bottle   she managed to pull all of the tissues out of the tissue box   i was greeted, not with guilt, but a sly smile and a giggle   i am in soooo much trouble "
"between now and thanksgiving, think of things that you are thankful for and post them on your status updates at least once a day  the longer you do this, the harder it gets! try it along with me   repost this message as your status, and then tell us what you're thankful for! - i am thankful for une playful ected finds while cleaning my stores!"
"between now and thanksgiving, think of things that you are thankful for and post them on your status updates at least once a day  the longer you do this, the harder it gets! try it along with me   repost this message as your status, and then tell us what you're thankful for! - i am thankful for une playful ected finds while cleaning up my stores!"
baby is to teething as mommy is to pms     
"misses going to pretty much anywhere in flannel pjs and a do-rag, and still having her friends welcome her out in public   come to think of it, she misses her friends   long live the cellar and sorrento's smile "
"i'm a <propfemale> idol semi-finalist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  now, quick - what song should i sing????"
"began her remolding process yesterday and continued it with a kick-in-the-pants-you-are-s surprise ut-of-shape-these-were-easier-ten-years-ago workout with her free consultation at the y   now, if we can just get <propfemale> to stop screaming like a banshee at the child care \strangers \"""""
it's a new year?!  holy cow!  where did the time go???? smile   i hope everyone was safe for the new year   i assume no one got arrested - i didn't receive any phone calls playful 
<propmale> buds        yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
let the mischief commence!  we are crawling walking up a storm!!!
<propfemale> will be one tomorrow - where did the time go?!
"<propfemale> is a string bean - 30 1 2\ inches and 18 3 pounds   at she looks like me smile """
"how ironic - there's a <propfemale> smith who works as a circus performer, and i am dreadfully afraid of clowns     "
"\worked out with\"" <propmale> arenas tonight smile """
when do the executives go home again???  get out of my stores already!!!!!!
"i am not the next <propfemale> idol   oh well, at least my luck rubs off on other people   maybe that's my purpose     "
"likes windows 7   now, just to get my resume program installed, and i will be in business!!"
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and write what urbandictionary com says about you in the first comment 
she is my child!  she loves spinach!!!!!
loves that my daughter was still trying to dance on my lap to pandora radio even after she was falling over asleep!  what a party animal!
brrrrr   i am not built for this much snow   or wind 
my daughter is so not a dog person 
never give athletes mallets     
who would have thought <propfemale> would manage to suck the butter from the back of the packet???!!!!
dude        where's my brain???!!!
more snow???  what is this nonsense the weather man speaketh of???!!!!  off with his head!
never try to get your little one to eat grilled chicken and veggies after you've introduced the wonder of velveeta shells and cheese 
i loooooooooovvvvvvved the dancing for original score!  the best part of the show yet!
blah  blah  blah 
does not like not having a routine every day   i make plans but all i want to do is sleep   this is like a bad dream sad 
"va workforce development site almost completed!!!!!!  i'm that much closer to unemployment or even better a job (don't worry peeps, i am still considering all the wonderful offers everyone has sent my way!  thanks!)!"
"loves visiting with friends who share their babies!  thank you for the car wash time, <propfemale>, christian and <propfirst>!"
made a to do list!  i have already finished two items on it!  thank goodness it's long smile 
"is spoiling her 15 lbs  weight loss with a box of rainbow nerds   now, if the taste of nostalgia could bring back her metabolism of the '80s!"
woot!  my first order!!!
"hopped up on sugar, mcd's, 4 claritin, and 1 alavert   i need to go running and find something that works for my sinuses! (*and no, <propmale>, i don't want to be up all night on 24hr  sudafed!)"
"my new philosophy on asthma sinus problems - have a midnight conversation with god, and irishman, and a mexican   it works better than anything i've been prescribed or told to take over the counter "
"my last statistics exam!  i hope i did well enough to keep my gpa up   now, for a summer of microbiology and sociology!  then, (god willing), a fall in nursing school!!!!!!"
a 94 in behavioral statistics!!!!!!!  i have a 3 474 gpa   i haven't seen <propfirst> like that since high school smile 
"freedom truly isn't free - thank you to our troops!  now, bring them home safe and sound!"
stupid rash!  now my hands and foot look like i've stuck my digit and tarsals in acid sad   i hate allergic reactions!!!  at least the medicine is helping (i think) 
"no matter what i study, i keep thinking pyruvate, pyruvate, pyruvate       "
an 84!  i got an 84 on my second micro exam!!!!
baby girl has the croup   i wish i could make her better sad 
"the baby was out by 9pm, woke up at 9:15, cried for 15 minutes and has been quiet since!!!!  could we potential have a restful night - in our very own crib????!!!!!  here's to praying smile "
"are you there, god?  it's me <propfemale>   i think you've forgotten about me, and i could really use a sign that i still have a purpose           "
<propfemale> is a socialite - went back into church as we were leaving to get her love from some of the students in the musical   she waved at other babies and mommies from her car in wegmans   she blew kisses all day to boys and girls alike   i love watching her make people smile!
i think my new favorite thing is <propmale> going outside with v to fake water the plants 
microbiology is over   no more labs or extensive reading   and i finished with         an a!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  93 83!  put that in your pipe and smoke it marymount!!  who's not competitive enough now???!!!!
maybe it's not impossible to make it from where i'm from - my late great uncle's books are selling used on amazon com for $130 00 and up         and he was a jerk!
is not a fan of silence between people 
"thank you god for three hour conversations in a car with a good friend!  thanks, kathy smile "
poor unupdated windows  playful  desktop   i am so sorry you lose - laptop 13 burned cds; desktop 2 sad 
"at 18 months, <propfemale> has decided if she doesn't want to eat it completely, she'll just feed it mommy - and give mommy water from her gooey sippy cup   gotta love leftovers smile "
just finished everything to my new droidx   i really think this phone is to nice for me    
"cleaning while rewatching the doctor who finale after spending the day with friends   if i finish my paper and get to bed before 1am, this will be the best day so far this year "
i learned today i don't take compliments well-  these amazing comments on my singing are a bit much to take in!
will be gla when the barrage of medicine is over   my tummy no likey sad 
why download the widget when the touch website works just fine?
is high on god-  gotta love new church smell!!!
"just finished a turnover, egg, and watermelon after an hour in the gym and a 14-minute mile   for this big girl, that's a pretty impressive morning    oh, and i'm making surf n turf stir fry for dinner smile "
"watching toddlers&tiaras make me feel like an incredile parent   then, i feel not so good about the fact that i'm actually watching toddlers&tiaras   i need a life "
had dinner at california pizza kitchen with the illustrious <propfemale> cheek   spent most of the dinner wondering why they kept referencing cabbage patch kids (cpk) on everything    was almost dessert before i realized cpk meant california pizza kitchen 
"cooked dinner, fed the babies, washed the dishes, cleaned the stove and kitchen floor, started v's laundry, and both babies in bed (<propmale> being one)   ahhhhhhhhhhh - relax time!"
the view has finally caught up with my husband - they just reviewed many of the websites that he introduced me to years ago!  i heart icanhascheezburger!
"in my packing for my trip to richmond, i found underwear i forgot i own   sweet!  then i found the bras that showed how much smaller i used to be   sigh "
even offering <propfemale> food will not elicit a smile if she really doesn't like you   she will just take the food   sucker!!!!
she is finally asleep!  now it's homework time!!!
"thanks everyone for all the warm birthday wishes!\you like me!  you really really like me!"
happy international left-handers day!!!!!!!
"why is it your children drive you crazy when you are with them, then you miss them terribly once they're gone for more than an hour?"
"feeling the rainy day - slept until 11 smile 0, sang an opening set of <propfemale> in the shower, had a huge bowl of apple jacks, and indulged in amc and oltl   ahh, a lazy day indeed!"
people are random!
"key to <propfemale> financial aid:  harrass them with emails containing really big words, prior email communications saying paperwork was received, and mass concerns of identity theft   then call them - until they pick up   you will find the problem usually lies with the advisor who hasn't updated your file or his her paperwork   hmmmm, and i was the one laid off               it's all about the follow-up!!!!"
"wants to shoot herself if i really have to listen to the kids in my class have a discussion about psp games with the same intensity my friends and i talk about politics, the environment, and the choose to get married have children   i am so worried about the future generations!"
i love my family!!!!
"fave moment of the day:  <propfemale> jammin to\ live and let die\"" on the way home from daycare! gotta love classic rock radio!"""
has a new appreciation for the backyardigans as they address the fact not everyone likes clowns and pay an homage to the <propfemale> brothers 
the kiddo's in bed before 8 smile 0!  i actually get to work on my to-do list before 10 smile 0!!!!  does this mean bed before 1 smile 0 for a change?  i wish!
"feels life is bittersweet   a brave young man lost his fight against cancer the same day my friend welcomes her new daughter    may <propfemale> have even half the strength <propfirst> did \hug those you love and let them know how much they mean to you   time is precious and god gives you people in your life to help you grow, be beautiful, and appreciate everything you do have   welcome home to both <propfirst> and <propfemale> "
 sad 
i'm practicing the p u s h  theory   let there be success!!!
just got an invite to phi theta kappa!!!!
just discovered her doughnut pen-  smells like doughnuts!!!!  i love you <propfirst> r-soon-to-be-t!
"lost her free volumizer to tsa   oh well   at least they can't take away the great time i had with <propfemale> and the girls and the awesome info i learned at the kaeser tradeshow and convention!!!  if anyone needs some cool holiday gift ideas, give me a holler!"
rode the plane next to an older version of shelton from big bang!  lol!
too much to study   i can't believe i'd rather do laundry and the dishes 
first day of guitar lessons!  yeah!!!
my funny moment after a weird day - my daughter trying to play with her mailbox but tumbling over several times as she dozed off!  it's moments like those that make me glad to be a mom 
is actually happy it's a rainy day   i want to sing in it a la <propfirst> <propfirst> - where's my lamp post?!
i now have a website for kaeser and <propfirst>!  d and s wearables rock!!!!
"new working hybrid batteries in my car, an order in from a referred client, a new website, and my awesome eco samples and religious holiday cards book delivered   e playful ect for the disagreement with my mom, i'm loving today  love "
"has a new respect for tlc e playful loitation - say yes to the dress: big bliss; all about full-figured brides!!!!!!!  yes, big can be beautiful!"
"is stuck in homework housework hades sad   will i ever have a fun evening ever again (without my shadow tagging along)?  i love being a mom and student, but even i need a break!  calgon, take me away!!!!!"
dragging today   i need a 24-hour nap 
"rejected by another nursing program   i'm not stupid, so what else makes me so not worth it?"
wishes singers were still discovered for their talent and not for the size of their waistline 
"so, 24-hour sudafed works wonders for a cold, but it does nothing to get you to go to sleep like a normal person - i took it at 6am, so why am i still up 20 hours later - even though i got maybe 4 hours the night before?"
what were you born to do? - my result: a super hero http annoyed  bit ly ahfzay
"when you make plans, the babies always decide it's nap time "
<propfemale> responds to <propfemale> now- except when i say it 
"is mentally, spiritually, emotionally, physically and financially exhausted    at this rate, i may not be in any condition to handle another year "
"can't wait for evening to remember!  god, i am blessed to know so many talented musicians who just make me feel whole again love "
is feeling very introspective today 
is stress eating 
just named a wildabeast that took over <propfemale>'s head 
"really hates studying for exams   my dvr is calling my name, but the responsible me won't let me answer sad "
"post-it note:  i am thankful for online education   god willing, i will have a master's in healthcare administration by this time next year!"
"post-it note:  is thankful that <propfemale> tate has \never cooked a meal in the oven-thing \""  that means someone out there is a worse cook than me - but is still outrageously funny!"""
post-it:  i am thankful to know so many talented people who make me feel just as wonderful 
post-it:  i am thankful for being busy 
post it note:  i am thankful for a daughter who is compliant at bedtime!
i am joyful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"decisions   i am not thankful for decisions   i am thankful for my little sister's american girl doll, which is now <propfemale>'s \baby \"""""
ahhh   one day i hope to be as amazing as my daughter thinks i am - when she's not in time out 
doesn't want to write her research paper 
"is sooo in love with committed on \the sing off!!!!!\"""""
black eyed peas       the food not the group 
<propfirst> lucca on parenthood!!!!!!  my night is made (if the actors would stop talking and i could enjoy the song playful )
