bf58bb04a16d9edc13162728ecd666af
is up addressing invitations and realized i don't have everything i need   blah
working on my <propmale> project  (its fantastic if i do say so myself )
i just spent 2 hours on a 2 x 1 1 2 inch piece of my <propmale> project!!!!! (this project is becoming less fun and more frustrating )
i am tired of 5000 <propmale> away and the crap it brings with it    then i wonder if thats the only problem 
got officially approved for my lapband surgery! exciting? i think so   
geez 
the <propmale> gallery was pretty awesome  i think i will be visiting again soon 
is so tired  i'm so sick of school right now
"watching <propfemale> and the ferocious beast with audrey   you know you are a mom when after you put your kid down for a nap, playhouse disney is still on in your room and you dont realize you could be watching something else until an hour later   "
"i've got my toes in the water, ass in the sand, cold drink chilling in my right hand     (me dreaming )"
is mad that all of this school work is keeping me from spending time with <propfemale>
still at it
i'm so not going to meet this deadline   especially while i'm playing around on here 
it was good to take a break and talk to you tonight   i should do that more
"not sure what to think of yo gabba gabba    its weird, but <propfemale> has watched almost the whole espisode   hmmm"
"my boyfriend almost died tonight  i guess sometimes it takes being scared to death to realize what you take for granted and how much those things really make up your life  (he's fine now, but is staying in the hospital for the night )"
back to the drawing board (literally )
still working on this <propmale> project  hope i get it done by tuesday   
is enjoying a victory strawberry limeade  it is so tasty 
my <propmale> midterm was best in the class    pretty proud of myself for it being my first project   
"the <propmale> of all pervs is dead   i mean, so sad "
had an awesome day   i'm sooo tired 
"loves it when random people send me dirty pictures of themselves because of a \wrong number \"" that just makes my day   (after i vomit)"""
waiting for the parents to get home so i can go out   
"wow, i felt really really bad this morning  i definitely dont miss that feeling "
feels better now 
why did that post three times?
i wish i could just sleep 
he agreed to give up his rights!
my ear hurts   hope i am not getting sick
going night night     smile 
<propfemale> is mad that yo gabba gabba is over   i still dont know about this show 
"so i'm watching the cosby show, and up pops a teenage <propfirst> sandler   hmm   "
wonders what it would be like to have some consistantly good friends in my life  maybe i should find some  but where to look?
"ok so i have this paper due today and i havent started working on it yet    haha, i'm screwed  there goes my 4 0   "
"i'm just taking it all in, so i can get up in the morning and do it again   smile   {i love this life}"
doesnt know what to do   
"i'm hiring a hitman on a $100 budget  if you're interested, let me know   smile "
if life is like a box of chocolates whoever gave them to me ate all the good ones   
"once again, night night world    only five more days until the happiness   smile "
"is now going to spend more money that she doesnt have, debt is awesome huh? fml"
"so much to do, so little time   (still looking for that hitman)"
getting excited and stressed all at the same time   smile 
i'm gonna die if i get a b in english   
"poor <propfemale>, she feels so bad   sad "
just realized that today is my two year anniversary    fml
"continuing on the homework voyage   if i'm not back in 2 hours, send a search party!"
"dude how is he going to go from \shut the f*** up\"" to \""baby i love you\""? stupid almost ex husband """
having a <propmale> pity party   
"with the asian and hispanic populations increasing rapidly, some analysts predict that today's children will live to see people of african, asian, and hispanic ancestry become the majority of this country's population "
has almost finished up this semester   awesome 
"wonder pets, wonder pets, we're on our way, to help some baby animals and save the day, we're not too big and we're not to tough, but when we work together, we've got the right stuff  go wonder pets, yay! (that's so sad when this song runs through my head"
today was my last <propmale> class! yay!
the new <propmale> potter validated my point as to why i am not going to read any of the twilights until all the movies are out   
"every time i get 100% used to him being by my side, he goes away again   this completely blows "
started my ten day liquid diet for my surgery today   um yeah 
"today i started my ten day liquid diet for my surgery, which will occur in ten days  (there)"
"i have noticed that if you want something bad enough, all the hurdles seem to turn into mere speed bumps   "
is about to go slurp something   smile 
my mere speedbumps turned into a huge freaking brick wall   that's what i get for being optimistic   haha
missing you 
is appreciating the little things
my feet are swollen   why?
"yep, so i'm pretty sure i just broke my freaking foot    (i cant move my toes or put weight on my foot, its also purple and hurts pretty bad  hooray me)"
fractured my foot
i've become addicted to the national geographic channel   its just fantastic!
the people who live in our house are falling apart 
mom and dad took <propfemale> to the store   finally a few minutes to myself   smile 
misses being in school    i guess that officially makes me a geek   smile 
men are so freakin whiny 
wants to know who is crazy enough to knock on my window at 12 smile 0 am 
"is extremely tired, and very annoyed "
is worried about what i'm going to do for health insurance after this divorce 
"stupid faulkner    now i have to drive all the way up there and fight my way through seas of freshmen on registration day, just so that some lady can look at me and press a button on a computer that she forgot to press anyway to approve my financial aid  i mean, really?"
fml 
had good lunch with old friends     smile 
hooray! school!
just got back from math   watching hoarders and doing homework 
"i had a dream about factoring <propfirst> last night   it was pretty ridiculous  stupid math, how i loathe thee "
sometimes my days just seem to run all together   
i never realized how hard on a parent it is to discipline a child  when i tell <propfemale> no and she cries i have to restrain myself from scooping her up and telling her that i'm sorry 
"all this h o m e w o r k , and i have to clean everything  mom & <propfemale> are chilling for the rest of the afternoon  (i love living with the grandparents )"
"after years of snubbing it, i just found out that i love tapioca pudding   wow "
i am getting so tiiired of this insomnia   
beccause its not like i have anything better to do than fight at 9 surprise 0 in the morning with <propmale> of freakin idiots 
the worship at church tonight was awesome   smile 
"ok, had to move my surgery to the 3rd of sept, so i started this diet thing again yesterday  so far, so good "
sleeeeeeeeeeeeepy  feeling like i need some friends who are mommies to <propfemale> out with 
"i think that some of the hardest situations in life are just god telling you to let go and trust him, because all you have done is made it a lot worse than it had to be by thinking you didn't need any help   "
"is ready to get this surgery over with on thursday, on day 6 of the 10 day liquid diet  being hungry is the worst part of it "
3 more days
well i guess we survived <propfemale>'s first day of preschool
"the surgery went well, i had to stay an extra night because i kept getting really nauseated, but i am home now   smile "
"had to go back to the er last night, but it turns out i am fine, just a worrier   smile  thanks everyone for your support! now, back to homework "
<propfemale> just pitched the biggest temper tantrum i have ever seen a child pitch  it rivaled nanny 911!
what? tomorrow's my birthday? riiiiight 
deadrising + me = love 
"hmm    guitar hero world tour, a new blackberry, and an xbox     23 is going to be a fabulous year!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
can't seem to make myself go to sleep  i keep going in <propfemale>'s room every 10 minutes to make sure her fever doesn't spike again  the e r  was horrible!
and i am still awake 
i need some love   smile 
took some daytime cold medicine and am so sleepy i can barely hold my eyes open! that is soooo not right!
is having one of those mornings  i wish <propfemale> would go back to sleep so i could too 
watching the green mile  i never get tired of this movie 
"ni hao, kai-lan "
just found out that my dream tree is not happening  siiiiigh 
is feelin' like a freak on a leash   
"offers a word of advice: if you haven't had any sugar in 6 weeks, putting 2 packs in your coffee is a bad idea"
is so completely ready for all of this to be over 
"has bronchitis, pharyngitis, and a double ear infection  awesome "
has had a very productive day so far!
had a great day in brewton
we're just two lost souls swimmin' in a fish bowl 
"has so much to deal with right now, and am thoroughly proud of myself for handling it all correctly   smile "
praying for my friends and thanking god that my load isn't really as heavy as i think it is  i just have to remember that he never gives us more than we can handle  (saying a prayer for little <propfemale> as well)
finds it unfathomable that it once was impossible to watch an in-home movie 
"ah man, loooooooong day  preschool tomorrow!"
what the crap is going on with this news feed live feed stuff?
"everyone who hates the new facebook layout ~ there's an easy fix  smile  on the menu at the top left, click on more  then drag status updates to the top, above news feed  after dragging to the top, click on it  that becomes your default and home is like before! pass it on    (it works, i did it!)"
"headache finally went away, and now i'm off to bed  tomorrow is preschool fall festival, i will definitely post pictures soon   smile "
halloween!
's thoughts and prayers are with ft  hood 
thank you everyone who has or is serving to give us this wonderful nation!
"has choosen to proceed with out a lawyer and has failed, miserably  fml "
just updated me plunderin and blabbered t' me mateys
"i did it, finally!"
"got my band filled today  3cc's  it wasnt't bad at all and i feel great, i just am back on the clear liquids for today   smile "
feels even worse today than yesterday 
congratulations <propfemale> and <propmale>!
still feels kinda bad  a lot better though  staying in bed again today so that maybe i can watch <propfemale> tomorrow  it sucks to feel like you can't take care of your own child 
yeah so i am still sick   
"aaah   what a day  drama, cleaning and cooking, baby wrangling  it wouldn't be the day before thanksgiving without it "
"had such a great day today with my amazing family, and had a blast with <propfemale>, <propfirst> and jerret   smile "
has sooooo had enough of adults who are still children 
doesn't want to hear it tomorrow     lol
my computer is being real dumb right now   
is in desperate need of rescuing 
has court in the morning   
"is finally free      i think i should throw myself a party, or at least pour a little vodka   smile "
he is on the way back to mobile now   too bad i have full legal and physical custody as of yesterday     smile 
working on christmas presents   sean made me feel better about christmas   he is good at that   smile 
"<propfemale> had to sleep with me again last night    she loves it, but i hardly get any sleep  i don't think this is a good trend "
does anyone know what kind of form is needed to terminate parental rights in alabama?
"you can lead a deadbeat dad to their daughter, but you can't make them give a damn   "
is about to put together <propfemale>'s kitchen  any of you strong burly men want to do it for me? there could be mistletoe involved   lol
"had a wonderful day, and just finished e playful eriencing <propfemale>'s very first christmas meltdown    no one warned me of this  thanks      smile "
is really stressing about the time crunch 
hates feeling helpless     sad 
rang in my new year at the er with a uti  fun fun
sometimes people just arent who you think they are
will be ok  i'm just glad i found out before this time
just put <propfemale> back down after she decided to wake up at 12 smile 0 for no reason and then proceeded to be as hyper as she could  so goodnight then 
is pleasantly surprised   
"its ok, we'll make it   like always "
is tired and bored   
likes my lit class so far
feels like i need a <propmale> change in my life     any suggestions?
is reading 'oedipus the <propmale>' for lit and suddenly doesn't feel like my life is so screwed up   
feels like this lack of friends thing should not be going on  it would be nice to have someone to talk to  lol i'm pathetic 
is beginning to question my ability to judge the characters of others 
is in desperate need of someone who knows anything about microeconomics 
wishes someone would distract me from this homework     smile 
is beginning to get used to people again   haha 
needs a get <propmale> quick scheme   or a job  haha
"time heals, time congeals around us  endless hours of wasted moments understanding, not demanding   your eyes tell what you feel inside setting sun can't shine, now you're gone inside sleeping, my heart beating, you know that you tried to hide it  shouldn't you have said what you meant?  you lied"
definitely won't put off econ homework until the last minute again 
feels like its a pajama day for me and <propfemale>  does that make me extremely lazy?
"if anyone else has a bone to pick with me, today is the day apparantly  be careful though, i might bitch slap you too "
my fine is $865 60
is sooooo sick   
"sometimes you have to ignore every piece of advice you get, every negative thought in your head, close your eyes, and just jump "
"its a quarter after one, i'm a little drunk and i need you now   "
isnt it just my luck that the one thing i want i can't have?
"and nay, good soldiers i leave you with this: 'twasnt only true loves that were sealed with a kiss, but in a love so fair and fine as yours the hearts entertwine with true love's bliss   "
hit the 50 pound weight loss <propfirst> today!
"i've been roaming around, i've been looking down and all i see painted faces fill the places i can't reach you know that i could use somebody    someone like you   "
omg i need a nap
what was the #1 song on the day you were born? google the date and #1 billboard song:  mine was <propfemale>- bananarama
is a heart-on-sleeve wearer 
"my urban dictionary won't fit     sad  but it basically said that i was gorgeous and the song \crazy bitch\"" was written about me  awesome """
i swear it feels like i have rocks in my throat 
probably has the cutest and most brilliant daughter ever 
one of these days things will be better and i will finally get it right
<propfemale> is sitting here rubbing my leg   hahaha 
"inside your feeble brain there's probably a hole, if you don't shut your mouth you're gonna feel a blow"
woke up to <propfemale> throwing up this morning and 104 fever  she has pneumonia    poor baby 
feels sooooooooooooooooo bad for <propfemale> 
today is just not going to be a good one  maybe when <propfemale> feels better i will sleep again   
"so legion was ok, not exactly what i thought it was going to be  it wasn't really scary, but it had a decent story "
<propfemale> is home!!!!!
has 3 acts of hamlet to read   
catches herself dreaming of being dreamed of
thinks that maybe one day i won't be afraid i am being used and then will be able to really be happy   
wonders if its ok for secretly hating on the bestie for being pregnant  lol
"idk why <propfemale> thinks that you count 1, 2, 3, poop, 5, 6, 7   etc  she can say four and knows that poop is supposed to be four but she wants to say poop  idk  but its hilarious"
wishes her life was like burger <propmale> 
has to have surgery for a tumor and a polyp they found today   
"hmm     so this modeling agency contacted me on facebook, saying they liked my profile pic  lol  scam? i think so "
how are both of my computers going to crap out on me?
is done 
to thine own self be true 
"aye, there's the rub "
mint 3 musketeers are amazing
feels like sometimes my mouth screws things up for me pretty badly   
has nothing to say 
why can't anything ever turn out the right way?
happy easter everyone! hope it was as good as mine   smile 
screwed up royally and is now pulling an all nighter as penance 
wishes someone else would have been here to hear <propfemale> talk about <propfemale> <propfemale> in her sleep 
has begun to develop a deep passion for the writings of mr  whitman
"first day of spring break, my car is in the shop and i am going to clean the hell outta mine and <propfemale>'s room  wish me luck"
wanted: one (or more) exercise <propmale> who will help to keep my ass motivated  (literally  haha)
the best kisses from <propfemale> are the slimy ones   you know she means it when she slobbers all over you   smile 
here goes the melville   i've put it off too long
well blow me down 
"sitting at the ihop, \studying\"""""
spring break has been good to me 
has had the car in the shop twice this week and it looks like its going to have to go back 
has decided that optimism is what is truly needed in my life right now  so   my new goal is to try to stay positive  we will see how well that goes 
won a package from portrait innovations at the silent auction last night  sweet!
is lonely   sad 
is going to the uncle cracker rehab concert at soul kitchen on friday!
had an amazing night 
watchin uncle kracker and rehab at soul kitchen and having a bomb ass time with a great guy 
1 blister + 2 amazing bands + 3 beers + a completely blow-your-mind nice guy = a freaking amazing night 
does not want to be awake today 
is being restless again    i'm going to regret this in the morning when <propfemale> is ready to get up!
is studying for a final tonight and trying to entertain <propfemale>  its funny how the amazing multi-tasking abilities kick in when you have a kid 
got a little <propfemale> pell <propmale> for school this summer! only two classes but i'm excited about it!
sometimes there just aren't enough rocks 
sometimes just wishes that she could perfect the <propmale> of curb-stomping on one p<propmale>icular person's face   
is getting sick and <propfemale> is not going to sleep any time soon  awesome 
"school for <propfemale> this morning  no school for me but its raining, so thats not fun, plus i'm sick  maybe i'll lounge for a while   smile "
it's easier for me to look at <propfemale> and know i won than it is to hate you  so please don't get your feelings hurt when i don't waste anymore time on that subject    
<propfemale>'s program tonight was so much fun!
"is excited for tonight, but super tired of the drama   sad "
there are 3 bluebirds a blackbird and a cardinal having a turf war in my backyard 
is learning how to live off of power naps
woke up to breakfast in bed  thanks <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
is going to bed    goodnight 
"oh, you make me smile   smile "
needs some saving today  haha
"just know wherever you are <propfemale>, i pray for you   smile "
"another fabulous night with you  siiiiigh, i'm all happy and about to go to bed   smile "
is a little confused 
"is taking a nap while <propfemale> does  worked this morning, then a very unpleasant e playful erience with <propfirst>   i'm so tired "
has the best mommy and daddy in the whole world   smile 
had a looooooong day at work 
"poor audrey    she's just coughing in her sleep  i hope she feels better soon, i feel so bad for her   sad "
<propfemale> would want pancakes on my day off 
has had a great time getting to know the people from work  its really nice to have good friends again   smile 
free    just as free as we'll ever be
"dear high school graduation: \i appreciate the money you made me tonight, however, tomorrow night could we do with out the million bitchy customers please? thanks   smile "
"worked until 3 last night, then had to be at class at 8 this morning  back to work at 6  i'm super exhausted, and i didn't get my apartment!  sad "
had a good-ish day    smile 
"why does my bed tempt me so? i thought it was my friend, but today it is my nemesis "
uuuuuggggghhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"um     i'm a little shocked at how my night turned out  in a very good way, of course   smile "
"done with class, going to study on my last night off  i need to get a week's worth of homework knocked out tonight  wish me luck!"
<propfemale> and i had a blast today in the pool    i was sad to leave her for class   sad 
is soooo sleepy  goodnight!
had a good lunch with mom    work at 5!
"still doesn't feel very well, but work at 6 "
work is slow    someone come see me!
did anyone else see how fast shell took over the summit bp in spanish fort?
thank you to everyone who has served our country! happy memorial day and happy birthday <propfemale>!
"while reading 'common sense' just now, a bat decided to terrorize me    then he promptly decided to die on the porch  awesome  unless it's a ploy, and he just wants me to come poke him, so he can evoke even more terror    tricky bats"
stupid shoulder   
happy birthday <propfemale>!
<propfemale> had such a good birthday  we went to lambert's and she thought the roll throwing was hilarious   smile 
everyone don't forget to respond to your party invites so i can know how much of everything to get!
"just finished wrapping presents! thanks, <propfemale>, for putting <propfemale>'s trike together!"
"if he comes down your fairway, don't put up a fight; you're the woman who opened the flyyyyyyyyyyyy of the tiger! haha     smile "
what a beautiful day for a birthday party! hope to see everyone there  smile 
we had a great party yesterday  time to study study study   
"is glad to have my extremely improved laptop back! thanks <propfirst>, you rock   smile "
bed   sleep   siiiiiiiigh   smile 
has had an unusually busy day  now just homework maybe a little cleaning  maybe 
homework  check  cleaning   haha 
thinks <propfemale> is sick  sad 
"my dvd player would break when i don't have batteries for the satellite remote  curse you, <propfemale> "
"well it looks like i'm going to be at faulkner for another semester    fml  i haven't missed the deadline for the fall, but there are like a million things i have to get to uwf before the 30th and i just don't see that happening at all "
haha   walmart with a 2 and 3 year old on a saturday night is an interesting e playful erience   smile 
happy father's day to all then non-deadbeats!  smile 
i love wall-e  it's fabulishous 
is anyone selling a toddler bed?
"sometimes, you just have to stifle everything and press on  i have too great of a thing going for me right now to mess it up   smile "
has a math final in the morning and no study time  awesome 
wonders if <propfemale> will ever outgrow this no sleeping thing   
"two math classes down, one to go!!!"
did anyone from the gulf coast actually get tickets?
is too sleepy and or lazy to take off my makeup   guess i will just go to bed beautiful 
is too tired for words 
back to math    i had a 2 day break and it was wonderful   smile 
congratulations daddy on your job!
"made it all night on huge heels sunday, only to come home and be forsaken by my driveway  fail "
just fell in love with the gone with the wind collector's edition for blu <propfirst>  siiiiigh 
is so ready to be done with school  i guess that means i need to pick a <propmale> soon    any ideas? haha
precal = death
standing in line to pay a ticket in mobile watching all the interesting people  smile 
just got completely screwed with financial aid this semester
had a great day  when i gave up is when things turned real    it's funny how that works   smile 
just washed <propfemale>'s pee off my leg   
"if you want to watch a good movie, watch daybreakers  its fabulous "
fml    faulkner's server went down in the middle of my precal final  but the clock on my test is still running  yeah   
is glad her hunny had a <propmale> to make some money today 
i have a ps3 console for sale for 200 bucks  its just the console  it works and is in great condition 
"wow, thanks a lot pms   "
blaaaaaah 
is so tired of school  buh 
way to go to the idiots who are holding the koran burning    its like an open invitation on our troops  maybe if you had family or friends over there you
is a blue panda today
had a very bad night and is going to bed  goodnight
does anyone know any universities that offer an online social work degree? i've been looking and looking with no luck
yesssss!!! 100 on my sociology mid term paper!
"second night in the new apartment, and there's a lot to do still, but its ours and that's fabulous!"
wonders where my moving friend is   
just made chicken pot pie and it was very tasty! yummm!
is tired of feeling bad
fire alarm went off at the wic office    really?!
preschool fall festival this morning  <propfemale> is the cutest <propfemale> <propfemale> i have ever seen   smile 
has decided that i like living in spanish fort  its so much more quiet than lake <propmale>   smile 
trick or treating was tons of fun! <propfemale> didn't like itlast year but she had a blast this year!
good grief    am i ever going to feel better???!!!
rain rain go away   
interesting class tonight
made red beans and rice for dinner  yum
has a feeling i am going to be spending a lot of time at the bookstore this week
even studying is peaceful when you do it solo 
of course i would be sick today 
wow i really feel quite awful 
"is thankful for my beautiful daughter, my family and my friends  hooaray for turkey!"
is up with one of the worst earaches i have ever had 
is so excited <propfemale> is coming home today  i missed her sooooo much!!!
is thankful for all my take home finals
if the song 'if you're happy ad you know it' was playing right now i would not clap 
barnes and <propmale> + starbucks = my comfort zone
<propfemale> is sick   sad 
really? she swallowed another <propfemale>?
the lady finallyyyy came and got her crap out of our apartment  sweet!!!
"took <propfemale> to the christmas parade and we had a great time  i love my family! (but i also am sad that we missed my dad's <propfemale> gig, i wish people would tell us about stuff like that!)"
wishes someone was here to take out the trash   smile 
so my gone with the wind #2 cassette finally bit it after so much rewinding  what am i going to do now?! siiiiiigh 
had a great day with a fantastic friend
"thank you <propfemale>, for bringing me cable and internet for christmas   smile "
haha <propfemale> as a bedtime aid    too bad its only once a year!
had the best christmas i can remember in a long long time 
hooray for new tires!
first class of the semester   stats  eeew!
pregnancy + super hot anatomy lab = no bueno
its funny how the littlest compliments can put you in the best of moods  off to stats!
is starting to feel ok about having another baby  i can't wait to find out that he is really a boy like i think he is    smile 
how do i make my child stop pooping in the bathtub?!
picking up <propfemale> from preschool then nap time for both of us!
keep your melodrama to yourself 
"i'm not laughing cause its funny, i'm laughing cause you're just that dumb   smile "
should be doing homework but can't stop looking at baby stuff! can't wait to find out that he's a boy on tuesday!
meth is one hell of a drug  its nasty and gross and makes people abandon their children and themselves  drugs are bad! just say no!
working   smile 
car broke down this morning    luckily no school or work tomorrow!
i was right    the baby is a boy!
likes it when her <propmale> puts random money in her purse!
at work  uti is kicking my butt though  uuugh
there's super tasty spaghetti at my house
had a nightmare about newborn diapers  wow 
"feels kind of yucky, but overall in a good mood   smile "
i need baby name ideas 
got up 5 times last night to put <propfemale> back in her own bed  i'm super sleepy!
so has anyone done the completely online school thing?
stupid stupid car
"going to class, then hobby lobby so i can make my little man a blankie   smile "
again i say: stupid stupid car!
anyone selling their car?
ill be 6 months next week and i am huuuuuuge already  bah!
wow    i didn't think picking a boy name would be this hard!
hormones are driving me crazy 
"is not feeling work tonight, maybe tomorrow will be better  haha   riiiiiiiiight"
cleaning the house while my little family is asleep 
so if my arm and leg hairs are blonde while i'm pregnant does that mean they are going to stay that way?
so my little family both woke up with fevers   
at least i'm not lonely   
so i have the most uncomfortable bed  ever 
"<propfemale> and i played around on nymbler com (the coolest baby name generator ever) and she has decided the names she likes are <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>  she said <propfirst> and <propfirst> are \just perfect \"""""
would love to soak in a hot tub right now!
hanging out with <propfemale> and about to watch sleepless in seattle   
is now the owner of a beautiful red subaru forester   smile 
"<propfemale> got to school today and ran in yelling \happy balentimes day eweybody!!!\""  smile """
really really needs to clean my messy house
its tranny chaser day on <propfirst>   smile 
"wow, i really wasn't e playful ecting that  (i won)  smile "
had a good little rush at work this morning   smile 
off work and no school for <propfemale> means grocery store and a clean house  hooray!
still hasn't even come close to naming the baby
why won't my blackberry let me put pics on facebook? uuuuugh
what a beautiful day!
should not fall asleep watching snapped  wow @ my dream 
is continually being physically assaulted by a 1 1 2 pound man 
i guess thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
"wow, at the hospital with a kidney infection and am very appreciative of the morphine  very appreciative "
"spent all day in the er yesterday, then had to take <propfemale> in tonight"
is at the dr  pretty sure i'm not gonna like what i'm about to hear   
bedrest is not cool
feels so lazy  blah
my poor little miserable sick <propfemale>     sad 
had a fun time painting with the fam   smile 
my poor little monkey has the flu   sad 
i guess sibling rivalry starts super early
"is not gonna lie  i'm excited about little man, but really really ready for him to be here so i can get back to life and my non hormonal self "
it was good to get away for a while
gonna hit karaoke tonight for the first time in like 6 months  woohoo!
"now that i'm sittin here thinkin it through, i've never been anywhere cold as you"
hurts really bad today   sad 
i heart lizard lick towing
can't even get a bye mommy out of <propfemale> when i drop her at school anymore  lol
has the best 2 year old in the entire world  i love her so much!
is looking forward to the arts and crafts festival this weekend
has to figure out a way to deal with my crazy hormones instead of making everyone's lives miserable  any ideas?  smile 
i'm glad the little girls are ok  but someone needs to scare the crap out of them for pulling that kind of a stunt
just got to see my little man  he's super cute   smile 
stupid stupid heartburn  just let me sleep!
you can say whatever you want about caring about your kids but actions speak louder than words and your actions make me want to reply f*** you 
is in serious need of chinese food 
chillin with my homie  wish <propfemale> wasn't sick again
feels like there is so much i need to do to get the house in order   
my poor lil homie   sad 
"\having a baby is like getting a tattoo on your face    you kinda want to be fully committed\"" -eat pray love"""
thinks its kinda cool that my ob has a facebook <propfemale> 
audreys hair is turning back red like it was when she was born  hmmmm
has decided on the baby name! woohoo!
its amazing what happens when you stop caring so much about what other people think about you
woke up to 2 very giggly little girls jumping on my bed this morning   smile  today is gonna be a good day
is super tired  about to put my monkey to bed and do the same
wtf  why are they singing on greys anatomy? who's idea was this? i can't stop watching though  its horrible 
i love u <propfemale>!
"woke up 10 minutes past when <propfemale> was supposed to be at school, forgot her lunch, went to brunos to get her a lunchable, realized i forgot my wallet at the checkout, went back home and we were an hour late for school  haha, oh pregnancy   smile "
has a hot date tonight lol   smile 
"laaaazy day  everyone at my house is sleeping, i think i will join them"
<propmale> decided to camp out in my ribs today   sad 
<propfemale> and i were both up before 7 this morning  i have to find us something to get into today
