56acce8eea1e195b4ae8dd72df4ea1c1
can't wait to blow shit up in the name of freedom!
fuck inorganic!
is being resonable   fuck the inorganic test!
needs to study but skipping school for a snow day seems like a good idea   vapor distillation can wait   
chilling with minus the bear and playing with chemicals  inadvertently huffing them 
bitches be jackin my glassware!!!
uhhh!  my bike has a flat!!!!  why must the streets be so cruel to my precious chariot
omg i love pandora   the avatar pandora and my kickass studying stations!  pulling an all nighter!!!!  woot woot!
yaaayyy for chemistry!!!!!
ridin' ponies
"i love chemistry   not only is it okay to not know how to spell, but it is widely accepted and incouraged to make up new words such as solvolysis "
"whoa, <propfemale> is the color of your energy   "
"i feel like shit, look like shit, my access to the ps building is fucked up, and i can't even open up a paper on redox reactions of 17 electron thiolate complexes   fuck   but at least my mug night was decent   "
nothing better than knowing that you're getting lost in the woods at dusk and coming out of the woods six hours later happy and still kickin'!  fuck yeah! good times with good homies!
good bye my pocatello brokeback bitches! i'm going to co!
"well, blow me down! meself be shocked to be back in this scurvy invested town o' poky! even so i love ye scallywaggers!"
by great odin's <propfemale>! what a beautiful day for chemistry!    ahhh selenol
"if you ever get in trouble with the popo, say fuck the popo!   or show them your underwear "
"viewing a full <propfemale> and lunar ecilpse at 3 am while in the midst of hosing off the foul skunk stank off of my dog, and showering in tomato juice   invigorating "
"almost got into a fight, then my homie got sucker punched, would have gotten into a fight, then woke up not knowing how i got to where i was at   i drink too much   thanks for putting up with me pocatello!"
"fucking love rocking out in the lab to pandora, getting my groove thang on!!!!"
"just got into wis-town after an amazing week in of drinking and ocean fun in mexico!   for all of you wondering, i am still ignorant and i haven't learned any spanish from this trip, but my hand waving  gesturing communication skills have vastly improved "
after 24 hours of traveling i'm finally back in the lab   blowing shit up!!!!
"kovu, my dog, broke out of the back yard yesterday and hasn't been found if any of you see him please let me know!  for those of you who don't know him my profile pic is of him, he is very sweet and responds well to people with food and beer and he is sometimes responsive to the calling of his name"
dog found!!!
"i showered today, and it wasn't raining   "
"ummm!!! chocolate in the lab, a dream come true!  smile "
finally i'm making some headway cleaning and organizing this chemically incrusted laboratory   thank god for base baths   and margaritas   and massive quantities of jameson   and tattoos   and the color pink and riding ponies!!
"to all friends we got a block parta tonight on 5th st by goodies!  live music and a slip and slide!  starts at 5pm!  bbq, booze, fun!  so come and make some see some friends!"
"doing hours of math is so not fun right now!!!!  oh for those who are fool enough to be friends with me, i text now    so send lots of dirty vulgar pics or funny looking people at walmart, but please no goating"
yay!! done with math!   mostly  sad 
"my day was about to be ruined by the damn <propmale> lab pulling a fast one on me and hogging the nmr, but i counted to ten slightly bitched them out, and got some cake and fruit punch   pros definately outweigh the cons of this sitiiation!   and looking forward to a nopants party and purple teeth yeaher!!"
keeping it classy pocatello 
"panda watch  the mood is tense; i have been on some serious, serious reports but nothing quite like this  i uh    <propfemale>    <propmale> is inside right now  i tried to get an interview with him, but they said no, you can't do that he's a live bear, he will literally rip your face off "
"i wanna say something  i'm gonna put it out there; if you like it, you can take it, if you don't, send it right back  i want to be on you "
it's official i've just done 10hrs of data analysis and calculations   sometimes   fucking equilibrium constants
thinkin' of you's workin' up my appetite   looking forward to a little afternoon delight   rubbin' sticks and stones together makes the sparks ignite   and the thought of lovin' you is getting so exciting   
i'm <propmale> burgundy?
finally! school's started!  i'm so ready to throw down some knowledge!   fuck yeah!
"sometimes, when i'm in the lab i feel as though i'm one of <propfemale>'s elves but instead of making toys for bitchy kids, i can play with blow torches and transfer gases that can mix with oxygen and blow shit up!"
epic weekend!  feeling totally refreshed and ready to rock!
"is being a pretentious prick the same as ignorance?   cause i'll have to work on that, or not   ?"
yay!  kayak time!!!!
seriously   jet <propfemale> is my hero!
"your whiskey tainted wisdom spits like vomit from your mouth\the walls are closing in and i just gotta get out   \of my head and of this town\familiar places are bringing me down,\the truth can be hard to swallow\when its spit right in your face "
finally washed the blood off
i look like shit and feel like shit   id say its all really coming together for me
"\living in a rhythm where the minutes working overtime\"""""
almost done with reaction methods paper!!!!
   i burnt the roast    sad 
yearning for gummy bears    sad 
uuuummmmm   gummy bears and beer    the best way to end a fantastic weekend!
rivers rivers!  which one should i run for my birthday?  the snake? the <propfemale>? the gallatin? bitch creek? the teton river? the salmon? the payette? then which section of which river!   life is great!  god i love idaho!
ate toooo much <propfemale> comb cerrrreeeaall! aahhhhh <propfemale> gooood!
see ya lata pocatella! going up to kick it in driggs and bozeman for a delightful weekend!
wow! i'm a lucky lady to have all of your love! thanks all of you for wishing me a happy birthday!  love you all!
i've got drinking and climbing on my mind!!!!  anyone want to partake?
seriously you guys   my life fucking rocks!  thanks to you!
k i want pchem to be done so i can drink   and climb   
i now know a perfect spot for cooking lobster at in yellowstone!    but there might be a couple of arsenic deposites in the meat afterwards (no big deal its actually good for your skin in small quantities)
"is down like a clown <propfirst> broowoo, <propfirst> brroowwn!"
soooo tired!!!
i lost my phone this last weekend so i don't have any of your numbers   so send me your digits if you want me to contact you or   i'll see you when i see you!
my freaking flash drive is dead!  my pchem homework is erased! fuck!  fuck it! and fuckidy do da day!  i'll just do it again yeah it might take another 3 hrs   but what doesn't kill you only makes you stranger!  wink 
why is it that i can only seem to study well at night?
i could have sworn that transformers were real!
fuck! <propmale> rudd is amazing!
lost my voice   halloween was good 
what do you do with a dead chemist?   barium! bahahahaha
"seriously, i think that i am so nervouse that i am going to puke "
finally snow!
"thank god for caffeine!  thanks <propmale>, you're full of great ideas!"
pretty sure that all of the gen chem students hate me for my questions during their presentations   i wasn't that harsh    smile   seriously 
snow!!!!!  yayayayayayya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"now that i know that my stuff is clean and pure, now i can start producing some yellow stuff   "
"i'm human, therefore i'm a deuterostome, my asshole formed first   e playful lains a lot doesn't it   and i'm not the only deuterostome either!  you're all a bunch of a-holes!"
targheeeeeee!!!!  ummmm   so good   so happy   
i want snow!!! not freezing rain!    sad   i think that my tear ducts are generating their own form of precipitation :  (
i hate the computer lab!  it reaks of pchem and taco <propfemale>!  finally in the real lab which reaks of chemicals and latex    mmmm  happy place
"i'm riding on a dolphin, doing flips and shit\the dolphin's splashing, getting everybody all wet\but this ain't seaworld, this is real as it gets\i'm on a boat, motherf**ker, don't you ever forget"
"wow semester is almost over   then 3 blissful weeks of ridin and drinking!  pbr is going to spike in sales, i'll probably indulge in too much eggnog, and hot totis are in order   it's always nice to know what my short term rewards will be!"
god damnit!  what didn't diddy do?!
"sooo i totally burned an enchilada last night, which could have easily resulted in a fire of epic proportions    don't ever drink and make enchiladas!  lesson learned!  did diddy do that?!"
i'll show you!  drinking game of pain!!!
"ahhh!  i hate waiting to just be a busy <propfemale> and stressed, i hate the begining of the semester!  i don't know what to doooo!  guess i'll drink a bloody <propfirst>   "
i had a dream that i ran through a hallway and built a pool with a fire place   hmmm
sooo not motivated at the moment   caffieeeeenee!
da bears da bears da bears da bears!    daaaaa bulls da bulls da bulls da bulls!
pass me that chronic(what)cles of narnia!
muthaluva!
"i wish i were sine squared and you were cosined squared, because together we could be one "
we should catalyze this reaction by forming a charged relay system   wink 
just finished baking cupcakes   time to get the cassorole out of the oven!  just gonna add a little cream fraiche to top off the chilled asparagus soup and to top off the chilled straberries and rasberries   then i'm gonna put some on the roast   walking the doggie   if the weather permits i might take a shower  hittin up the gym later   then getting a little r&r   if ya knows what i mean!
what a wonderfully exhausting weekend!  time to get rocked by sum chemmmmmistry!!!!!!!!
oh look     wee <propfemale> didn't sign out     how sad   
second all-nighter (studying for the same test)   three cans of monster down  going on hour 12 now of the pchem bingeing   test in 3 hours   cant say that i didn't try
you'd kiss your mom with that mouth?!
in the laboooratory! muahahahahhaaaa!
i really don't want to be doing   
"if every shirt i wear looks small on me no matter what, and i have tatoos, and i can melt rocks with my superman lazer gaze, does that make me badass?"
e playful ercising!
!hey!  you who work in the holland lab   next time you use vac distillation in the box please vent the line   so that when i turn the pump on oil and effin chemicals dont spray at me! muthatrucka!
lab! lablabidylabdaday! laaaablaaab!
how would you like to help put the <propfemale> spring back into me step?
kiss meh! i'm not <propfemale>!!!!!
seriously if this reaction didn't work i will be really pissed
i wish you were dsl so i could get high-speed access 
the lab is alll mine!!!! muahahahahha!
go feck yeselves!
"sssooooo sick of school   can't believe that i said that, but no fun"
