204831f7b507da867ff72acf65d23a8e
"says \take a <propmale>! all life is a <propmale>  the man who goes the furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare\"" - <propfirst> carnegie"""
is spending the holidays in kansas city! tonight i see the <propfemale> and the frog!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! more snow!!!   i'm going stir crazy!
falling asleep while online  it's bedtime   i hope <propfirst> feels better 
"work, work, work! another website in the works "
"ok, i guess this is as much sleep as i am ever gonna get anymore  more stuff to do!"
"says, \i'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life     it's money  it takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true \"""""
is ready to turn in his grown-up card  i remember when i could walk past a front yard full of weeds and not even notice!
is thinking of shopping for a new laptop before his old one gives out 
"is excited and proud of all of the members of <propfemale> sound waves  most improved chorus 2 years in a row, and some new high scores for the chorus!"
starts working full time on main street usa beginning may 9!
is going to new york city and staying on times square apr 30 - may 2
    pulse
i am  not drunk dialing  consider yourself lucky 
"main street usa today, times square tomorrrow "
"excellent dinner in the city, now freshening up before seeing avenue q "
"avenue q was every bit as great as i e playful ected  i laughed, i cried, i bought from the gift shop "
"rode the subway to ground zero, the saw battery park and the statue of <propfemale>  tonight    sardi's for dinner and <propfirst> <propmale> "
our hotel has been evacuated due to a suspicious vehicle on times square  may be on the street till morning 
safely back on our room  times square still empty  see picture
"on standby, but have a guarenteed flight that gets us home at midnight "
and     a waste of my time
safely home in florida!
let's go bowling  who's coming?
"one day more, another day, another <propfemale>  this never-ending road to calvary "
"quote's lyrics \sometimes i walk alone at night when everybody else is sleeping  i think of him and then i'm happy with the company i'm keeping  the city goes to bed and i can live inside my head \"""""
got to <propfemale> out with push today  just talkin trash and making dreams come true 
forgot to sleep last night and this shift at work is killing him 
's best girl arrives at 8:16pm tonight! yay!
is excited  she's here!
is now seasonal  call for availability 
thinks peace and happiness can be found in ones own home when surrounded by the right people 
has a day off and is gonna do fun things with fun people 
is at disney's polynesian resort for fireworks in 15 minutes 
is having dinner at citrcos at disney's grand floridian resort 
is doing walt disney world with mr c and miss h! woohoo!
"is wearing black socks, shoes and belt with brown pants and a shirt with navy blue in it!"
just had the best time with his best girl and friends  already planning the next one!
is boarding the hungarian horntail!
is taking on the chinese fireball 
is about to e playful erience <propmale> potter and the forbidden journey 
"is determined to get ahead, but the hurrier he goes, the behinder he gets "
has spent a lifetime tilting at windmills 
"is people watching at epcot  strangely, the social dynamic of my own party are most interesting "
is gonna party it up at pulse tonight 
is downtown disney bound 
is daydreaming about seeing someone again 
is content and happy  what a perfect day!
has been stuck in traffic behind an accident for 30 minutes and it could be at least 30 more!
is enjoying dinner in japan 
"say, \never again will i own a home! i'm up to my ankles in water and poop and it's time to be in bed! ahhh!\"""""
"feels accomplished! new tires, new brakes, and a new vehicle registration, and he saved $260 by doing the work himself "
i like it on the     wait! i don't even own a handbag!
10 10 10
just to clear up a nasty rumor that seems to be going around    i do not poop 
"\the air is hummin' and somethin' great is comin' \"""""
trick or treat?!
is looking forward to seeing jekyll and hyde at   park hill high school on friday and saturday! break a leg cast!
great work day!!! done!
is seeing cats at winnetonka high school tonight and then going to a karaoke party! everyone else should too 
"this is a journey to the horizon, you can see past if its real to you, than we could meet on the other side"
some things are finer than gold
"sings, \i'll be home for christmas   \"" just 5 more hours """
