214ffba7f86d56a770fc6588dae36ca2
"don't take life too seriously  you'll never get out alive!\bugs <propfemale>"
"one more final exam and then i get 3 weeks off!!!!!! then, summer semester starts  yay "
"sweet!!!!!!!! i got my letter of acceptance into the school of nursing today! so, for whoever it applies to, i will see you in the fall!!!"
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's notcontagious  they want what we all want - to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this, but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!
"so i had a new e playful erience today  found out one of my friends at work has a taser and i have often wondered what being tased would feel like  so after work, we stepped out back and i had her tase me  twice  not as bad as i thought it would be, although it is louder than i anticipated  video should be up on youtube in a day or two "
"if there is one piece of advice that i want my kids not just to understand, but to live, it is this: there is no destination in life that you are trying to reach  it is a journey that should be enjoyed with eyes wide open and arms outstretched  whether each e playful erience is good or bad, joyous or heartbreaking, be thankful for it and take it all in  these are the things that make you who you are, and i love who you are "
"so here is another thought i have had lately: if you were to find out that you had a previously undiagnosed disease and were going to die tomorrow, how would you look back at your life? with regret at the things you did did not do? or would you think, well, i'm not ready to go, but it's been a good ride  as for me, i have had a great ride (and i'm ready for more)!!!!!!"
"life often reminds me of going on a great drive in a great car  long straight roads are boring, unless you want to go fast, and then it is over before you know it  give me a road with lots of curves and hills! now that's fun!!!!!!!"
"funny  i watched the amazing race tonight, a show that i have watched here and there for the last 5 years  i still think the same thing every time i watch it - one of these days i will be with someone who is willing and able to go on that show with me! it looks like a freakin' blast!!!!!!!"
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own lives for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post if you are in the military, love a military member, are a veteran, or appreciate our military "
"ju women's soccer - awesome game ladies, and hard fought  you still rock! be proud of how far you made it, be pissed at not getting as far as you wanted, and use it for fuel for next season!"
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhgggggggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhgggggggggg!!!!!!!!!! in case you didn't get it the first time 
"to my facebook family annoyed i know many of you have already started the holiday break, so i wanted to put this out there now  i hope you all have a great thanksgiving!! be thankful for all you have, make plans to achieve the things that you want but haven't attained yet, be safe, and i will see you all (well, many of you) soon \<propfirst>"
"three of the best songs ever, one band  i'd forgotten how much i love the cure - just like heaven, catch, pictures of you  classic!!!!!"
"if i take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, i will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will i be free to become myself \<propfirst> heidegger"
"life these days is surreal  i'll leave it at that for now  one of these days, i'll write a book "
"i've finally reached the point in my life that i no longer have the time or <propfemale> for anger, animosity, or bad feelings  we have all made mistakes  i'm tired of dwelling on the ones that i've made, or on the actions of those who have wronged me  i'm only here once, and i plan on making the best of it "
"ah, women  they make the highs higher and the lows more frequent  \friedrich nietzsche"
"a woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy \nietzsche (again) lol!"
"of course you know, this means war!\bugs <propfemale>"
"i bet you say that to all the wabbits \bugs, again  best cartoon ever!!!!"
"just pre-registered for the tough mudder race coming to the miami area later this year  i'm going to do the ms mud run here in jax in march as an intro  anyone interested in joining me for both or either one? the tough mudder looks brutal - 10 to 12 <propmale> of obstacles designed by british special forces to test not only your physical strength and stamina, but also your mental!!! bring it!"
yay!!!! i have one person who is going to run the mud run with me!!! i'm really excited about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ok, i need help!! i'm signed up for the mud run here in jacksonville for next month  i have to raise $100 for ms in order to run  any donation, no matter how small, will help! contact me if you're interested and i'll let you know where to send it!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from rectal cranial inversion  this disease, otherwise known as head up your own ass syndrome, affects the lives of many  there is no known cure for rectal cranial inversion, but by posting information in our status, we can raise awareness  this cause is close to my heart    as, sadly, i meet many people afflicted with it every day"
that test suuuuuucked!!!!!!!! i'm glad test 3 should be easy  lol
"sweet!!!!!! signing up with crossfit ragnarok tomorrow during my lunch break!! bring the pain!! for any of my compatriots who might be interested, they are only 20 <propfemale> from ju at beach and 9a  just saying  20 <propfemale>utes, hour workout      plenty of time between classes!! so you all know ahead of time why i'm hurtin'  it's been too long  ha!"
"so i dyed my daughter's hair for the 1st time (first time i've ever dyed hair and the 1st time she's ever had it dyed), and man!!!! that's a pain!! but, it turned out gorgeous and she loves it!"
"i went to my first yoga class ever yesterday and i'm hooked now  it was intense! i was dripping sweat like i never have, body and arms shaking, heart pounding, breathing heavy      yet my mind was completely focused on the task at hand  i left completely soaked and physically exhausted, yet mentally refreshed  awesome!! i can't wait to go back tomorrow!!!"
"there is always some madness in love  but there is also always some reason in madness \friedrich nietzsche"
hhhhmmmmmm  yeah 
"it's said, as you get older, you get to know yourself better  problem is, the better i know myself, i realize how little i know!! ha!"
"woooohhhhoooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!  ms mud run tomorrow!!!!!!! here's to getting wet, muddy, and exhausted all for a good cause and a free burger and 2 beers at the finish line!!!!! lol!"
"i'm putting together a team for the tough mudder in the tampa area in december  so far it's me, my oldest son, a friend, his brother and his nephew  who's game for a really challenging mud run?"
