fe51799f95f2c93834ad6b2a07f67a7a
what is the meaning of life to you?
i'm glad the weekend is here
im back from <propfirst>'s house
is staying up past 2 smile 0 in the morning right b4 the alg 2 exam > >
i have jet black hair again finally : )
i have a headache    :[
hmm    i never do know what to put her but i guess i'm writing a story til 12 comes so i can call my friend
*sigh* if only i knew how to    ah nevermind who cares
o o the ground looks glittery!
"can't stay on long, have to pack for district band tonight"
: ( i miss <propfirst>
ohhhhh shiitttt! what do i do now
yay school let out early  besides that    *sigh*
"back from state auditions now, even ended up with 7 hours of community service "
"finally back from all state auditions, now its time for supper"
hhmm i think i need to updat my status more often than i do    im just getting my app on  but besides that i guess i feel a little depressed
ginnae koon (ginnae) | formspring me
just one of those days when you can't put feelings into words when you really want to e playful ress something to someone 
"ahh, im having so much fun"
"ok, my question now    : p what's better, someone with a sense of humor or someone with intellect?"
i'm talking to a smart person  : 3
"man, i haven't had so much fun playing bass in a while  today was a good brainstorming day for ideas "
*sigh* i have cleaning to do  : (
day   ruined     : (
"well my day has been ruined, wonder if i'd been better not knowing  this is the biggest bummer of all time  : ("
i just caught 4 opposums!! they are sooooo cute  i'm having a crappy ass day 
"procrastination is like masturbation, at first it feels good but in the end, you realize that you're just screwing yourself!!!"
"ginnae is on a mass homocide mission, 9 down -- many more to go! or i guess it would be more of an arachnicide mission  i am fully armored with a half-gallon of spider spray! i don't like spiders, they make me twitch uncontrollably  but, i have a valid reason to be scared since i almost lost a leg to one "
i'm not sure what to put here today
(insert news feed here)
gah! i really don't feel like going to school today  oh well  guess i'm going even though i feel like my back is splitting in half and i feel like throwing up  guess i'll feel better when band starts  band always makes me happy! : )
reat jazz concert last night!!! now off to school  ugh   i have to put the upright back together  *sigh*
boy killed a butterfly and dad said \no butter\,fe51799f95f2c93834ad6b2a07f67a7a,<propfirst> <propmale> is coming for all of you!!!!! mwahahahaha!!! this one's for you <propmale>!
watching some <propfirst> wooten and <propmale> miller vids on youtube
if only you knew    
amazing summer so far
ginnae just went down an exit ramp    in the wrong direction
"there are 10 types of people in this world \those that understand binary \those that do not "
you make by day! i love you <propmale>!
you make my day! i love you <propmale>!
"fuck team <propfirst>, fuck team <propmale>, go team rocket!!!!  laugh  haha"
: ( *sigh* oh well
i'm lucky to have such an amazing bf : )
having a great night tonight : )
this one time at band camp   
had an amazing night : )
im somehow in a mood to be open about things today  laugh 
r i p  granny
man will we ever get a minute to ourselves?!?!?
im a computer nerd today! gonna be learning some programming and crap like that all day 
"i have had the most indescribable night learning how to use the 6th sense and see energy in colors and using it for healing purposes! now i'm sure a good 90% of you think i'm nutz now, but w e, my agonizing back pain mystically disappeared anyway : )"
im just sad and upset : (
"worst day ever, period "
i like it on the couch
hoping for a good day and audition at the high point jazz youth orchestra 
moving on now because i'm done 
"first i do what i never think i would do until circumstances are met, and now i am what i truly regret "
"haha i was searched for drugs at school thursday because the dog thought it smelled something in my bag (and apparently my friends' bags too lol)  and guess what they found, nothing! because there wasn't anything to find   stupid dogs    : p"
"yay, today's a great day! i'm such a lucky peoples lol "
"eventually life's puzzle pieces get put into their places, even if they have been put in the wrong places before and stomped on until it fit tighter "
"*sigh* how come that everytime i do something, the next day i wish i had done something different : p"
someone definitely needs to check out the real carnifex!!!! (the estonian one)
"man, i hate homecoming    we march around the streets with heavy instruments and get pinches on my arm from the cymbals and everyones screaming but, why even bother if we know we're going to loose?"
what's your musical key?  -- my result: e <propmale>   http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 297981 referrals status?aid=1216288310
the political idealogy quiz -- my result: moderately liberal  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 14397 referrals status?aid=1216288310
i'm in a great mood  i feel inspired  : )
just spending the week with my most favorite person in the world!  love  my baby!
what compels me to make some of the bad choices i make even when i know good and well i shouldn't and the consequence may be severe?
drugs are for losers 
"bonus question: what do you like to do when you're bored???\^^^obviously bored and looking for ideas^^^"
"im attempting to learn html, and then, javascript here i come!!!!!! (eventually > >)"
most awesomnest night ever : )  love 
had the best time ever jamming in the middle of the gym floor at central during district auditions with complete strangers!!!!! heck yea!!
the best news all day was that i made 1st chair string bass for the all-district 11-12 band  the bad news was that the throttle on my moped got stuck in the go position and i freaked out  thank god for the kill-switch!
