796b7e67dd7ef37ac7f973c36262c350
"is sitting at home with a splint on his left hand thumb  cut his thumb with a box cutter, severed the artery and nerve on the finger side  spent 3 hours in surgery with the plastic surgeon doing nerve repair  will be in a splint 10 days, feeling may retur"
wishing my weekend of call was over  just put a labor epidural in a girl who spoke no spanish and her boyfriend spoke no english  perhaps the perfect relationship!
is going to bed have a heart to do at 06 smile 0
a <propfemale> day!!!!! i forgot what that looked like  unfortunately very hot 88 degrees but it's ok it's a very moist heat!
"the meeting is over, heading home tomorrow! looking forward to seeing my wife and <propfemale>!"
"\foolish liberals who are trying to read the second amendment out of the constitution by claiming it's not an individual right or that it's too much of a safety hazard don't see thedanger of the big picture  they're courting disaster by encouraging others to use the same means to eliminate portions of the constitution they don't like\"" <propmale> dershowitz"""
"what a great day! 75 specks (in 2 hours), 8 white trout, and 8 nice reds!!!!!!!!"
"i owe, i owe so it's off to work i go! (tomorrow)"
is very tired and going to bed 
i wonder how disinherited feels?
"let's do the time warp again!!! hey <propfemale> remember the black shoes, black pants, black t shirt with the snake on it?"
almost nine time for bed!
lots of christmas time babies six c-sections so far today!
is listening to a verrrrrryyyy long recounting of <propfemale>'s dream from last night!
<propfemale> and <propfirst> are back at college  i miss them already!
"some schools closed today because it was \too cold\"" lows in the lower 20's! no ice or snow just cold!"""
"if universal healthcare passes, can i be employed in another galaxy?"
heading to <propfemale> today to eat lunch and see <propfirst>!
who dat baby!!!!! geaaauuuuxx saints
who dat baby! superbowl bound!!!!!!!!!!
"can you believe the national sports press is dissing us so badly! thats ok! motivation baby! wait until manning gets a few face full's of saints defense! ask <propmale> and farve, peyton you're next! who dat!"
"cut the grass for the first time today! mostly clover and some weeds growing, the lawn hasn't greened up yet "
the tulip tree in the front yard is blooming! i love spring!
i believe!!!!!!!!!! who dat!!!!!!
heading to san <propmale> tomorrow for the society of cardiovascular anesthesia's tee course
"that some should be <propmale> shows that others may become <propmale>, and hence is just encouragement to industry and enterprise   let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another; but let him labor diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built  <propmale> <propmale>,"
"freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction   we didnt pass it to our children in the bloodstream   it must be fought for, protected, and handled on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our childrens children what it was once like in the united stateswhere men were free <propfirst> <propfemale>, a time for choosing: the speeches of <propfirst> <propfemale>"
a beautiful day at the zoo
check out my new toy on uploaded photos  the fish are running scared in terrebonne parish!!!!!!!!!!
listening  to <propmale> <propfemale> thinking the day the music died is accurate! !!!!!!!
the transom is bad!  my life sucks!
"actually i am very fortunate, my life is great and i am very blessed "
3 foot waves on lake mechant soaking wet and all for 10 perch
"you would have thought 40 knot winds would have kept us off the water,but that would assume we are sane individuals!"
eating lunch at <propmale>'s true new orleans
great sushi tonight on magazine street!
eating lunch at the original cafe maspero's
back to lectures hopefully i can stay awake after seafood stuffed pistolettes
i just want to sniff some glue! i just want to have something to do! all the kids want to sniff some glue!  all the kids want something to do!  name the artist?
let's do the time warp again!
"maybe i'll wake up in the morning and it will be 1999, and all of this will have been a bad dream and i will be 38 again"
heading back to omaha for the final week of <propfemale> training 
"did i mention i hate flying, feel like cattle in a stock car!"
on the plane in <propfirst> heading to omaha
"delayed because of a \maintenance \"" issue!  and so it begins!"""
in omaha without incidence
what band and what song has the best flute rip in rock and roll?
"how many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?\\only one, but the light bulb has to really want to change!"
the tee course is over will be heading home in the am 
in <propfirst> waiting for the flight to board!  moooooooo
"i saw <propfirst> rivers in the <propfirst> airport,  she looks worse in person!"
overbooked flight oh joy
"rough bouncy flight from <propfirst> , at least the drive to houma will be smooth on these la highways "
eating sushi in houma  yum!
"eating at prejean's in lafayette, listening to live cajun music"
"heading out today on a week long vacation, driving to springfield, mo "
arrived in springfield   finally 
having fun at silver dollar city
heading south in the a m 
"in new orleans for the night, visiting my peeps"
"insanity is continuing to do the same thing over and over, yet e playful ecting a different outcome!!!!!!!!!"
"fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me   ain't going to be a third time!"
"having fun visiting with the wises in the woodlands, tx  would be a great place to live!"
please let me wake up and it be 1985!
at work in the wee hours of the morning for the second time in three days  i'll be glad when this weekend is over!
london calling!
should i stay or should i go?
"having fun at 3am taking care of an illegal alien, who speaks no english, with a gun shot wound to the abdomen!  your tax dollars at work "
call weekend is finally over!
waiting for my beautiful daughter at the airport!  
"alligator sauce piquante, and chicken andouille gumbo the hospital cafeteria has redeemed itself "
you can't blame bush anymore!
"if anyone is selling raffle tickets on a fishing boat, let me know "
a progressive by any other name is still       well a marxist
if at first you don't secede try try again! !!!!
we're moving <propfirst> into her apartment at u of louisiana today  they grow up so fast 
"o'bla <propfirst>, o'bla da!"
sunrise! sunset!  sunrise! sunset!
"20, 20, 24 hours ago, i want to be sedated!"
once again i prove a bad day of fishing is better than a good day at work!
"should i go fishing thursday? the tide is in the end of transition with only a 0 86 incoming all day, but a new <propfemale> give the day a 7 out of 10, and the weather is supposed to be calm?"
i made seafood sauce piquante (recipe from river roads iii) last night soooooo good  substituted scallops for the oysters and used a redfish from the freezer  <propfirst> won't eat local oysters yet due to the spill and dispersants 
watching the nfc championship game from last year to get ready for thursday! !!!!
"well decided not to go fishing today, maybe saturday  going to work on my tee (<propfemale>) cases instead "
"well another sub par day of fishing, i caught one respectable red and my friend <propmale> caught 4 keeper trout  winds were calm which was great for the seas but heat and humidity oppressive  still a day on the water with a friend is never a bad day!"
"was going to go fishing tomorrow but with 10 - 20 mph winds, i think i'll stay home and work on my tee cases"
calling an illegal alien an undocumented immigrant is analogous to calling a drug dealer an unlicensed pharmacist! !!!
why do finger sandwiches in a marsh taste better than chateaubriand?
90 degrees with 83% humidity!  i love fall weather
i really don't like weekend call! at the hospital at midnight 2 days in a row!
i ask everyone to keep in their prayers the families of the 4 vandebilt catholic high students who died in an automobile accident on their way back to houma after the lsu football game  their truck went off the road and overturned in the bayou  one of the kids was the daughter of one of t g m c 's nursing supervisors 
"in the new orleans airport starting my week long tee review courses  first boston then park city, ut "
"in <propfirst> boarding for boston , my first foray into true yankee territory!  the war of northern aggression shall never be forgotten!"
13 hour days starting @ 07 surprise 0 with only one meal break are wearing me down
getting ready for a 2 hour mock tee exam
tests all over until mock exam in utah later this week  celebrating with a bone in ribeye at the voted best steak in boston!
in <propfirst> heading to park city for tee part duex! !!!!
"starting another tee review course, at least this one only has 10 hour days!"
in the slc airport waiting to start my journey home  smile 
15 hours into another 72hour call weekend
at the hospital after midnight 3 nights in a row! did i mention i hate weekend call!
"back at the hospital @ 03 smile 0, will this weekend ever end!"
"had a nice family weekend visiting in <propfemale> and lafayette, la "
"leaving <propmale> this morning after a brief visit with our best friends, the wises  good luck <propfemale> "
nothing like a weekend of call to celebrate one's birthday 
i would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes  i truly appreciate them
"to all <propmale> liberals obama supporters, give to <propfemale> all of your income over $250,000 00, and stop buying your designer clothes, before you raise my taxes! otherwise you are a hypocrite! as <propfemale> thatcher said \ the problem with liberals is eventually they run out of other peoples money\"""""
"work tomorrow after a one week, 2,200 driving mile, 10 state vacation! i need a vacation to recover from my vacation"
going fishing hope to catch some
"weekend  call,  blah!!!!!"
72 hours of call is almost over! going to celebrate by going fishing with <propmale> b  we're going to hit lake decade 
fishing canceled <propmale> needs to take care of business in new orleans
"20, 20, 24 hours ago, i want to be sedated, nothing to do nowhere to go i want to be sedated "
"i can't control my fingers, i can't control my brain, i want to be sedated! hurry hurry hurry before i go insane! i want to be sedated!!!!!!"
"going fishing in the morning, hoping to limit out so that i can fill the freezer!"
another 72 hour call weekend  sad 
congratulations to <propfirst> for making the <propfirst>'s list this semester at ull
"i am looking for a good used boat  19+ feet in length, preferably 2000 or later (no wood in construction),  preferably bay boat design, with an appropriately sized motor in good condition  please let me know if you know of anything like that "
fried duck breast in sweet and spicy sauce!  gotta love south louisiana hospital food!
"well the hawgs let us down, now lets go tigers and war eagles"
i passed the tee boards!  i am now a testimer in perioperative <propfemale>!
"starting 96 straight hours of call\blah!!!"
96 hours of call are over!!!!!!!
hoping for a quiet call night
well i have rejoined the ranks of maritime owners  i purchased a 1996 century 1860 with a 115hp yamaha  the fish are swimming scared in terrebonne parish!
starting another weekend of call  at least this one is only72 hours and not 96
any suggestions for a name for my newly purchased fishing boat?
happy birthday <propfirst> rotten
taking a business trip to spfld  hope the weather holds
well i made it out of southwest missouri  19 inches of snow accumulation  i haven't seen snow in 3 years  i guess god wanted me to see 3 years worth in 1 day
"somehow \the clash\"" blaring from the anesthesia office makes weekend call just a little bit better!"""
"gotta love weekend efficiency only one of 4 cases done before lunch! understandable considering i was told when i arrived this am , to bad you're not on ot "
