7957306cc77aa93319d7bf16ab402b4a
"i miss jazz camp   nah, i take it back, i just miss you pascale "
i'm tired
i finished my journal   laugh   it's almost 4 inches thick! hooray!! time to start a new one!!!  smile 
hooray!! school tomorrow!!! i'm so happy!!!
party party!!  smile 
"where do i find *protest against bad music* or whatever that you guys were supose to start?    i need to join, or it needs to be created "
jazz till' you drop!!! the griddle in eagal
<propfemale> body slammed me now i'm limping  sad  15 extra credit points for the poetry slam! im so glad the weather is nice!!!!!! horray!!!
<propfirst> courage should stop posting things on sekayi's face book  =p
is mad a <propfirst> courage
oh my goodness! it's almost 9pm and it's getting darker and darker   this day went by so fast!!!
does anyone have any pictures of <propfirst> courage that isn't just of his hat??
"\lets draw jesus in 45 minutes cause this is the best thing we could agree on without you\""     *frown*"""
even though it's a sunday  this spring break is too long 
deviant is the coolist thing ever!!!!
home from san <propfirst>!! the next generation festival went great! it was a blast!
just woke up and wow i slept a long time  smile  too bad my deap sleep was interupted by fara who was singing! i was like why skip vocal performance if your just gonna sing anyways???
dudes fara just played hot cross buns with her little piggies without even looking at the piano it was like the most surreal e playful erience of my life    not!!!
today went so fast!!!
is so happy!! life is so great!!! i love you all!!! so freaking much!!! and is wearing pj's to school tomorrow cuz im overwhelmed with homework and want to die   night everyone  smile 
yeah duh i knew dolphins are just gay sharks! doesn't everybody!!!
like a bear
"\who said i can't wear my converse with my dress  well baby thats just me\"""""
can't sleep!!
"just completed organizing my whole \sekayi's personal fake book\"" now all the songs are in alfabetical order!!! i feel so acomplished right now!!!  laugh dd"""
just ate an orange starbust that was older than she is  it was hard what can i say
errrrrrrgh!!!! printer will not work!!!
earth day tomorrow!!    yippie!!    can't even contain my excitment!       i'm going to slee to make tomorrow come even sooner!!
"i hope everyone had just as much fun as i did participating in earth day today  best idea ever, whoever came up with this amazing way to spend a school day was a genious!! com'on whoever established child labor laws was an idiot, most fun i've had in my life!  love "
lifehouse is amazing!! great concert so far  daughtry is next and my ears feel like pudding   ouch  i can't hear <propfirst> :[ but having a great time!!
i want to go shopping 
"doesn't want to write her speech on assisted suicide , or her interpretive review on \people of the forest\""  gahh"""
ergh!!!!! gah!! ughh!! ergh! stupid monkey paper!!! gah!!! stupid speech paper!!! ughh!! i just don't wanna!!!
wish i was at school right now  (3:26 pm) it be the highlight of my day right now!
friend purge if your still here that means i love you
"okay all done now   they are all gone   all the stupid people, people i never talked to, people i never knew in the first place, and people who have caused me pain  all deleted "
"the sun set was orange, the sky was black, and the trees were glowing  what a surreal sight "
four kinds of people you can never trust: clowns  journalists  weathermen    & men dressed up as gigantic stuffed animals  ~fara sophia~
can't wait until jazz camp i need a time turner!!!
eating otter pops!!!!!! yum  laugh 
"\remember that one time at jazz camp when we were playing ten fingers   \"""""
is going to bed
i love all the people in my life!! all the ones near! all the ones far! you are all amazing!  love   love   love 
had to clean up the best senior prank in the world!!!!
gives iron man ii a thumbs up!  laugh 
"has developed a rash on her face in the last hour :[ and tomorrow night is prom \\please lord take it away\"" :{"""
the first snow cone shack of the year is open!! i want a snow cone!
"ugggggh   packing packing test test test! \come tomorrow i'll know why i didn't rest\portland road trip!!!"
"wish i was still in portland, i hate living in a buble "
so much homework!!
"eyes burning\nose iching\sneez sneez                  \go wash your hands gross!\"" ~sienna kresge"""
i hate when people have the little green <propfemale> by thier name and picture but when you try and contact them they don't answer cause they arn't really there *glare*
"i don't like studying the spanish language \no me gusta"
"last day of school  graduation summer \i dunno if im happy or sad "
this day has been so miserable    boring    uneventful   
"well, im deffinatly counting down days to cali \summer scool is helping with pure bordom, but     i just dunno"
sometimes i feel facebook is really fun    then other times it's really lame and stupid  plus no one ever txts me  *sigh* what a boring existance   i wanna go to school
going to the mall!!!
gonna go watch shutter island  smile 
today was one of those really strange days  why? i dunno 
"the internet on my laptop abruptly stopped working!!\you have got to be kidding me!"
happy birthday mom!
hands are greasy with braiding black hair   way way way fun  laugh 
getting so excited!!!!
"arts and crafts are the funnist early in the morning when the whole world is green and yellow cause the sun is fresh and awake and all you hear is coffee brewing, birds chirping, and the sounds of your quiet house sleeping   love "
pascale don't forget about me!!! d:
toy story 3 made me cry!!!! two thumbs up!!!! my new favorite
i wish i was still at jazz camp deep in the <propmale>  no contact with the outside world  trapped in a surreal dream  then it ended     sad 
i'm pretty sure i want to move to cali 
scrapbooking!!!!
i hate jumbo gigantic fuzzy spiders!!!   big&sexy hair spray is good for something  this world needs more dead spiders and more big hair 
i lost my fakebook!!  sad 
architecture and flowers? i don't understand the prompt  annoyed 
friday nights are always way more fun than saturday nights  why?
i found my fakebook!!!  laugh 
my ears are tingling and i fear they might just melt off 
i think i killed the mother of all jumbo gigantic fuzzy spiders in my room with my *big & sexy* hairspray the other night   it's children are fighting back  they are everywhere *wimper*  sad i was doing laundry and one crawled up my arm):
"hear no evil \see no evil\speak no evil"
"beetle juice\beetle juice \beetle juice"
"whatever time it is now, subtract for from it, and thats officially how long it take's sekayi to put together a bookshelf  4 hours  (i kept <propfemale> screwing the nails cause i was mixing up my right and left hand):    too late"
"blue door    exciting    hahahaha  \talk about a train reck  (not for fara, she was great)"
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so they are not contagious  they want what we all want, which is to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour? it's special education week     and    this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding"
i love making friends!  laugh 
"even castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually "
i feel poking someone is a great option when you just don't know what to say    facebook is genius 
"has been bitten by a spider  not just any spider, a big spider  a very large dark and fuzzy spider in my room  (i sware it's a spider breeding ground in my bedroom, i didn't think they would actually attact me  but i thought wrong!)"
"wishes she was just a bit older, just a couple years, not much "
"okay, i tried to muder a big brown fuzzy spider in my bedroom   the spider was in plain sight mocking my superior human power over it, but as soon as i nailed it with my big and sexy hair spray   it just ran away d=    i hope it dies a slow and painful death  ;}"
i have a fear of being bit by spiders in my own bed  so who wants so have a sleepover!  laugh 
"murdered two spiders since i got offline  smile \now im back on cause now i can't sleep!!! d:"
i love days where you just wake up happy and you are happy all day long  laugh  until you realize you need sleep but don't want to sleep because of spiders  not to mention the next day might not be as good as the last and prolly won't be    annoyed 
cats rule dogs drool 
"well, almost made it a whole day without getting on face book  but i just killed a spider and had to post about it so i failed     lame  my day was fabulous though  laugh "
"college boys arn't difficult to look at-- you know, older boys in general are so easy to look at  facebook alows people to have so many photos on here! *thumbs up for facebook*"
early morning is so pretty!
laughter is an instant vacation  love   love   love 
"well here's some anthropology talk -don't you see we're all descended from the family tree- down through the long lost ages - through the different phases, it seems that man was always jumpin!"
i've decided i'm changing my last name too  there is no way i'm waiting untill i'm 18 to mess with the cosmic forses out there!
i made chilli and it was discusting     really gross 
"i love bookboxes with a passion  a box that looks like a book, how cool is that  no one would ever suspect it to be a secret box that looks like a book "
i love the rain
drivers---edd              is killing me slowly  i am moving to a big city where driving cars isn't cool and taking the bus everywhere is the way of life   love   love   love 
i think i could live in a world without technology 
i think people get more beautiful each and everyday  (unless your on drugs)
i am ssoooooo excited to go to portland then seattle!!! i hope it's rainy  love   love   love 
i bought myself a shade unbrella!
"i hate summer, it's too hot  i dislike the sun also, even with a shade umbrella my forehead seems to become 10 shades darker than the rest of my face, even with the smallest e playful osure to light  :["
"when you sit in a truck parked in seattle's <propfemale> town at 9pm and all the shops are closed, this is when you realize your mommy was right when she said \the creeps come out at night\""     it should be illegal to leave your grandkid in a car at night while you get a 2 hour massage  like im gonna stroll down a dark ally and look for a coffee shop  forget it """
detour to spokane wa    i want to go home   annoyed 
going to the fair!  laugh 
i  watch <propmale> dinamite last night on tv for the first time ever  biggest waste of my life ever  no wonder people look at me weird when i say i'm from idaho 
"facebook has become rather boring  what a shame, i really liked facebook "
oh my goodness! i've decided why even leave idaho for school  i'm in love with football and im going to bsu  football is absolutly beautiful 
biggest bsu fan ever!
"i just got on what i thought was my facebook <propfemale> on my computer and somehow it was fara's facebook <propfemale>  it's like, dude,  if your gonna get on my computer at least erase your tracks  jezz"
orange tictacs are my favorite 
"errrrrrgh at night your suppose to sleep!! i can't sleep!!! forgive me world if i'm a brat tomorrow, it will be because i'm tired since im not sleeping right now :{"
"why does my older sister have to have a boyfriend that plays the bagpipes    not to mention, spends the night on a school night  \eye roll\"""""
"life is just wonderful  i love my family, i love my friends, i love my school  i just everyone so much  smile   love  love  love "
the back-up plan   a horrible movie in my opinion 
"when you have a song stuck in your head, and the song doesn't have lyrics, i wish you could type in the <propfemale> into this little new feed  then when people read it, the <propfemale> instantaneously in sucked into their brains too   "
"name change was filed today  when i told mr  <propmale> he really didn't need to learn my stupid last name cause i was changing it, i was serious   im so excited"
i just love jazz so much!  love  love  love 
"my little sister thought she could fly, then she tried to squash and kill my cat "
my older sister is learning how to play the badpipes! oh i mean the bagpipes      ahhhhhhh!
some people really don't know what a bad hair day is
i wish i could turn back time and be twelve 
boys are better than girls
well today was great fun  tomorrow i have to face the reality i'm behind in school  catchup days are great 
chipmunks are so cute  love 
la la la la la la la life is wonderful
"just a normal saturday???? no! the longest saturday of my life because my brain knows that it's not really saturday, it's only the beginning on a very long holiday vacation     well    and fara is reading sense and sensibility  to me and it is kinda boring "
fresh <propmale> of bel-air marathon!!!!!
"potatoes, sweet potatoes, and yams are absolutely disgusting!!"
"i've never been snowboarding, skiing, or sledding, no wonder why i can't stand snow!"
happy thanksgiving!
thanksgiving food is the worst ever 
going to the movies!
"i don't like getting combs stuck in my afro, and i'm pretty sure i want to move to the <propfemale> "
kinda glad the break is over 
i love snow days  minus the snow of course  smile 
off to seattle to record today  yippie! hooray! a sorta big city
home sweet home!
i watched <propfirst> st  cloud and cried 
gluing pictures in my journal instead of homework!!!
variety show-- watching your teachers prance around in tights is the best  go river dance!
<propfirst> <propmale> is a fun hottub <propmale> but she likes to spew it everywhere!!!
yo quiero swim suite dress! i really want a swim suite dress! if i can't find one on the the market i will invent one! mwahahahaha!
my  face looks funny   i have a funny looking face  like not a good funny  indecision 
i hope i got a good secret <propfemale>  laugh  cause im a good secret <propfemale>  i wish i would have gotten myself cause i would suprize myself everymorning with coffee and presents  i wold be a great secret <propfemale> for myself  smile 
hello holiday break  you make me happy and sad at the same time 
"haven't gotten out of bed all day and it\s 2 surprise 5"""
i cut my tongue on a <propfemale> cane  sad 
im bored  seriously   
my sister and i made cookies and we pulled them out of the oven and we made a big slate of thin nasty cookie bread! it didn't even taste good  sad 
today was a great day  smile 
addicted to the unicorn game   
the <propfemale> is red? the <propfemale> is red everyone!
lame holiday break 
"i'm almost done with my journal and i'd really like to finish it, but i need more pictures  so if anyone wants to hangout over the next week we totally can, and we'll take lots of pictures, then i'll paste them into my journal and write sweet things about you  and my journal will be complete!!!  love   love   love  and i'll be happy   love   love   love "
had a great day with <propfemale> eichhorn  and <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> today!
okay so at urban outfitters yesterday i saw the coolest lady ever and she had dreads and the best style so i think i want to get dreads too now 
my mom is looking into getting me dreads  like nice dreads!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
so i was bored and decided to practice like usually do when i'm bored   then my two nieces decide to come into my room on rolly chairs and park themselves right behind me  it's like are you guys for real breathing down my neck while i'm trying to practice?
"so i just downloaded skype, but i don't know how to add my friends  do they mean like an actual phone number or is it a special skype phone number?"
hanging with <propfirst> sanders !!!  love 
yay school!  i don't ever want to graduate  school is fun  i love learning   love 
my right ear feels like it's gonna e playful lode  sad  it hurts
errrrrrrgh!my ipod isn't syncing!!!
today was the best day ever!  laugh     besides the fact i have a cold d:     but it was still the best day ever  laugh 
so     who is wearing pajamas tomorrow?
"<propfemale>   so our kitten is retarded and peed all over our house so all weekend we've been cleaning  my mom put two tubs of peed on clothes and stuff on our front porch so the smell wasn't in our house, and the neighbor called the cops on us and said the stuff was stolen from his garage and that he saw my mom creeping on his property stealing the stuff from his garage   "
facebook is a stupid waste of time      i think i'm gonna take a month break and delete my account    maybe
"black swan was a good movie, but maybe a little weird  "
i bought sock monkey slippers!!!!  laugh  and another sock monkey!!
