ae4bc606262161dd1e2550f3df036d59
facebook needs a dislike button   
"<propfemale> sigh  you pulled me in, facebook "
posted some pics  didn't publish them to the newsfeed since that'd be kinda spammy  take a look if ya want 
"family are now facebook friends  hi, family "
"ralph: hahahaha fag hahahaha farts hahahahahahahahaha faggot!\me: shut up    "
not the greatest day  cuddles would be nice right now   sad 
strongly implied words speak louder than actions 
"just watched the new <propfemale> in wonderland  it was good, but they may have been trying a bit too hard   annoyed  though <propfirst> fry was awesome as the cheshire cat   joyful "
it's pouring outside  who's for a sitting in the rain party?
today is a great day  i am happy   smile 
"q: \why did jesus never go to bars?\"" a: \""because he didn't want to get hammered and hungover!\"" hyuck hyuck hyuck!"""
only got to see half of avenue q due to complications  but it was awesome!  laugh  and yay for youtube vids which pretty much let me see the first half anyway   joyful 
at my wife's house  new computer charging  wife asleep  it's chill time   smile 
"i don't know who you think you are, but before the night is through, i wanna do bad things with you  (god, i'm loving the theme song to true blood )"
modern dance classes teach 10-year-old girls that it's okay to dance and dress like 21-year-old women  i can't help but disapprove 
naptime!
"just had a serious talk with brittnie about college  i think i got through to her  i at least scared her a little and made her think, which is a definite step "
shit shit shit  i'm bordering broke  -_- shit 
"let's think about happy things! like kittens! christmas! high-carb foods! being in love! yeah, i feel better now "
mom called me <propfemale> today 
this album is foxy  (shazam!)
had lots of serious conversations today  it was very interesting and really fun  i'm happy with how it turned out   smile 
<propfirst> is giddy in his boots 
want to learn beatles songs on ukulele  they're hard  but it'd be awesome if i could pull it off 
just set my facebook language to pirate  *gigglefit*
nobody's online    am i missing something?
"gonna see <propfirst> today! yay, excited!"
i feel like i've accomplished something today  maybe i'll go to the attic and dig through my stuff later   
i'd like to be somewhere quiet now  -_-
o <propmale> home  i've missed you 
"it amazes me, the speed with which i start wanting company nowadays  dear god, i'm becoming human "
"holy crap, my siblings start school on august 11  would like    [ nerd]"
"woah-oh-oh-oh-oh, i'm a mess!"
brit's listening loudly to her mix cd i made her  i am happy 
"i don't know if any of you have webcams, but if ya do, i have a skype now  add me - sonicstopwatch"
just watched avatar  my verdict: thank god it's finally over!
jesus  i'm such a dork for <propfirst>   love 3 we've officially been together 4 months now  my life rules 
my tax financial aid woes are yet incomplete    
ticketmaster said i could transfer ticket names  whew!
"\you're silly \""\",ae4bc606262161dd1e2550f3df036d59,"would like a hug, please   sad "
feels terrible  it's not a good day 
watched pokemon with <propmale> and brittnie today  we're awesome 
i don't even know what i want right now 
"this is the best i've felt for a couple of days now  thanks, baby  i love you "
had a dream about singing fidelity (by <propfemale> spektor) with <propfirst> <propfirst> armstrong and then having him share his halloween <propfemale> with her  it was awesome   laugh 
"were i an employer, it doesn't seem a far stretch that i would refuse to hire someone on the basis that they spell \a lot\"" as one word """
"if there is a god, i think he really loves me  i have an amazing family, awesome friends, and a fantastic boyfriend  i love you all very much, and thanks for being here   love "
"cutest pokemon: vulpix, charmander, pikachu, psyduck     i want to hug and cuddle them all!"
"i don't need to be <propmale>, but i would love to just not be poor  -_- stupid lsu with their stupid fee bills   "
*takes a deep breath* i got an extension with lsu  that was a nerve-wracking 20 minutes 
is waiting for the money <propfemale>    i don't think she's coming 
green day in a few hours  whoo! i hope <propfirst> feels less crappy soon   love 33
"this morning was crappy, but green day was absolutely amazing  i was entirely composed of sweat and happiness walking out of that venue  would do over and over again "
"listened to during today's car ride: foxy shazam, the matches, the network, savage garden, the clash    one of these things is not like the others, one of these things just doesn't belong!"
holy crap  lots of people are online right now 
oh my god  my arms are tanned from that green day show  i don't think i've ever had a tan before  holy crap! [ shock]
my financial aid finally went through! hells yes!
playing monopoly with <propmale> and brit  because i'm cool 
"is une playful ectedly nervous about leaving  i've been wanting to be active all summer, but i know i'm gonna miss home a little bit  i love you guys! time for school again "
work is slow  will came in but left  i'm bored now 
"moved in  school starts soon, yay yay yay!"
"work is slow  as long as i'm able to play my music, this should be okay "
"foiled by blue october is an amazing album  fantastic instrumentation, beautiful lyrics, and i don't even mind the hidden song on the last track because it feels like an extension of the album and doesn't throw anything off like hidden tracks often do  i say all this because i'm bored at work and just listened to this album  love   love "
"first day of school as a big bad sophomore! yay, i'm not the youngest anymore!"
"good classes, good friends, sufficient food  good day "
"was hungrier than i thought coming back from work  ate 2 hot pockets, a sandwich, and some chocolate  hopefully i get less 1 smile 0-6 surprise 0 shifts   laugh "
good day   smile   love 
"history class is kind of funny after having taken an entire class on the stuff we're skimming over right now  not in an amusing way, more a know-it-all way "
"i woke up way earlier than needed this morning, and i feel perfectly fine  looks like i have time to do stuff before class today!  smile "
being in love is one of the greatest things in the world   love 
just realized i read 8 webcomics now  would be more if <propmale> clem would start writing comics again  =[
i had an awesome weekend   joyful 
"today, i walked out to the public safety building to get my parking tag  when i came back to my car, i had a $50 parking ticket for not having the tag  crap "
"found some leftover pasta in the fridge this morning that i forgot about  my reaction: oh hi breakfast! \(so don't say i'm not eating anything  =p )"
i have a lot on my plate right now  i honestly don't know if i can pull all this off   
"i love that at <propfemale>'s funeral in hamlet, the priest tells her brother laertes that she shouldn't be getting a proper burial  then laertes tells the priest he's going to hell  awesome   smile "
i just plugged my ipod into my computer to sync some new songs to it  it froze  now i have to go to work without music   sad 
zoroastrianism is relavent to my interests  too bad it only took up 2 paragraphs in my history textbook and will never be mentioned again 
"dear fellow dorm residents,\i'm sorry my cooking made a loud noise ring in your ear which caused you to evacuate the building  i promise not to use the oven again until tomorrow \love,\<propfemale>"
shiver me timbers! it be international talk like a pirate day!
"i've been dating <propfirst> donald-davis for six months today  best six months of my life   love  i love you, baby "
"awesome occurance: i decided to drop my anth class, but i still had the cheaper book since it seemed silly to try to sell a $12 book  someone just emailed the class (i'm still on the moodle apparently) asking to borrow that same book, so i told her i'd sell it for the purchase price  she only had a 20  day made   joyful "
"<propmale> essay: written\astronomy article review:       crap \work: 1 hour \me: meh  =["
i really want to start writing again  i haven't in a while   
750words com has my approval  first day and i've written something that could be decent if i messed with it  will continue using 
"highlights of my day: all the parts with <propfirst> donald-davis in them  thanks for cheering me up, love   love "
i'm bored at work  meh 
\i want to tell you that everything will be okay \,ae4bc606262161dd1e2550f3df036d59,you know what? i think it's gonna be a good week   smile 
i'm starting to think more about my educational future recently  i'm gonna have to talk to an advisor to straighten this mess out 
"new tactic: if i finish my french homework, i get to watch cartoons in <propmale>  i think this is a fair trade "
"<propfemale> ronquillo (10:59 smile 1 pm): well we need to get a tardis cookie jar, that's why \<propfemale> abney (11 surprise 0 surprise 1 pm): is it bigger on the inside?\ <propfemale> ronquillo  (11 surprise 1 surprise 1 pm): unfortunately no   sad  but imagine all the oreos it could hold if it was!\\want "
"gonna have to write two essays to go abroad where i want to  i'd start them now if i could  *bounce* hurry up and get here, november!"
\you've got green ocean eyes\,ae4bc606262161dd1e2550f3df036d59,taking a french elective next semester  should i have my normal french class on mwf an hour before <propmale> or tth right after my other french class? confusion or french overload? damn   annoyed 
"i know what i'm getting <propfirst> donald-davis for christmas  that being said, i can't wait till christmas   laugh  hehe "
anybody know where to go in br to fix a laptop? i'm pretty sure mine has a virus but it's a tricky bugger  my virus scanners can't find it 
"hello trainers  look at your dex, now back to me, now back at? your dex, now back to me  sadly your dex isn't mine, but if you stopped using pokéballs and switched over to masterballs, you could catch like me "
i find it weird when friends of friends want to friend me on facebook  i also find it funny how many times i could say friend in one sentence  friend friend friend! [ just thought of ludo from the labyrinth]
"the first army ever to defeat the spartans in an open field of battle was a theban army of 300 people, allegedly 150 pairs of homosexual lovers, so that they would fight more valiantly in order to avoid being ashamed in front of a lover  it must've worked, since before this, the spartans were basically undefeated (they spent their whole lives training for this!)  so my question is this: don't ask, don't tell? really?"
brittnie keck 's ukulele smells like playdough  why?!
"i'd vote but a) i haven't paid enough attention to politics to form a valid opinion, and b) my voting district is 4 5 hours away    i still feel bad though "
"i'm really excited that i decided to try doing nanowrimo  it's going to be hard, and i might not finish in a month, but i'm already kind of proud of the product thusfar (or at least the concepts and plans i've already got working) "
"i love when i'm writing, and the story just unfolds for me   love "
xkcd is awesome today  just so ya know  you should check it out   smile  xkcd com
bach! activate the magic flute and teleport us home! wagner's right behind me on his ring cycle!
"happy birthday, doctor who! 47 years, wow!  love  well deserved "
today's the <propfemale>'s day parade  the night of the living dead is on its way   love 
who has the dorkiest little brother ever? i do! (<propmale> abney  smile  )
"anyone know a place where i could get a print made in baton rouge? like, painting size    not an 8x12 or in that little range    i don't know where i'd go "
it's officially the first day of december  that means christmas is coming!  laugh  i feel more like a six-year-old about christmas this year than i have in a long time    anyone for a christmas movie-fest?
"fun history fact: when the knights arrived in jerusalem during the first crusade, their first method of attack was prayer - they tried to recreate the story of jericho by praying at the wall  when that didn't work, they did it the old fashioned way and slaughtered people with temporal weapons instead  lovely, right?"
damn! did anyone else know fee bills were due tomorrow?
"i'm nervous because i still haven't received some information i really need from the school about what classes i can take in germersheim    i am going to cry if this keeps me from applying since i've sent several emails and made a call about it, and it's not my fault if i can't get it    augh   "
i got an 89 5 in theatre   5 from an a  dgyjdfghu what the hell?
airport waiting time    sigh 
"<propfemale> christmas, all   smile  i'm posting some pics in a while "
the picture uploading thing didn't work  will have to try again with better internet    
oh jeeze    i've gotten into sherlock  more now please 
finally figured it out  back in the dorm on the 13th  i'm really tired of living out of a suitcase     
"went up to the checkout with a box of tampons, midol, and chocolate  the cashier asked me something along the lines of how's it going, how am i doing, whatever  i wanted to just say, \really? what do you think?\"""""
"apparently i picked the most difficult school to apply for  basically, nobody goes there, so no information is on the internet or the lsu files  plus side: it's easier to get into because not many other people apply "
"i'm pumped for the school year  having stuff to do, making money, learning things, gonna see <propfemale> milliner and <propmale> harl again    good times!"
i was at smoothie <propmale> before <propfemale> on a sunday  not fun    -_-
"just finished v for vendetta  it was good, but i think proper books are way better for me than graphic novels  i only want to read the text, and the pictures don't matter so much    i'm reading an article that comes at the end now, and it's so much easier, not having to concentrate on both words and pictures  oh well  good book anyway  i just think i'll stick to text novels now   "
fren 2154 is gonna be hard      mehhh    =[
"i've never paid attention to politics  now i need to know french politics for oral communication and <propmale> politics to look good in a study abroad interview, which means i should pretty much pay attention to american politics too    so damn "
<propmale> shepherd replied to me on twitter   joyful  cool 
"just watch the state of the union address  i agreed with a lot of it, but damn that is also a lot of optomism  though i guess that's kind of his job, to rally the american people  a bit different to do that without optomism "
"i wonder if i'll have enough school time to add a linguistics minor? probably not  that's an extra 18 hours, and i'll already need extra time for my degree if i can get it here at all  would be awesome though "
"things accomplished today: set up a savings account, got direct deposit with lsu, and applied for a student credit card  i am on fire (financially)!"
"this assignment is due tomorrow, and i know what i need to say, but i can't collect my thoughts enough to figure out how  -_- d'oh "
trying to do homework  failing miserably  i wanna watch doctor who   
"to anyone who doesn't know, <propfirst> donald-davis and i are perfect for each other  because this conversation is stupid, and anyone else would probably have slapped themselves silly with facepalms from it  why am i still amehused?"
rapeseed: the stuff they make canola oil from  seriously    cooking will never be the same 
"coolest reachable technology ever: plastic photovoltaic cells  they're cheap, light, and flexible  which means that one day, with a little further research, they can be woven into your clothes  we could wear t-shirts that charge our cell phones and ipods as we walk through the sun  please let this actually happen "
i spent $83 on books today  i have no regrets 
just    fuck this week  i'm so tired   sad 
"i don't know if i told you all, but i have an amazing boyfriend  i had a really rough day today and <propfirst> donald-davis drove over to pick me up from work so i wouldn't have to walk 10 minutes in the rain   love  i love him "
i'm terribly sorry! i didn't know i was squeezing your eyeball!
my study abroad scholarship application is submitted  *deep breaths*
i'm going to miss having an electric kettle after i don't live with <propfemale> milliner anymore    oh and <propfemale> too  i'll miss her obviously 
"<propmale> club today made me really appreciate the way my life is right now  everything dr  leder said made me feel so much more devoted to e playful eriencing life in foreign countries, and knowing how likely that is to happen just makes me feel as if i'm doing something really right "
"bon mardi gras, tout <propfemale> monde   smile "
66 days until i never have to work at smoothie <propmale> again  i get more sick of my job every time they send a schedule out   
"\i am happy to inform you that you have been selected as an exchange student for the 2011-12 academic year \""\",ae4bc606262161dd1e2550f3df036d59,"i just spent 9 hours recording 16 minutes of french dialogue for my midterm  that was consistently too  i didn't take big breaks  9 hours  if i don't get an a, i might e playful lode "
i'm gonna get paid to tutor a girl in <propmale>  helllllll yes 
i wish my job was just to be a student  i'd get so much more out of it if i didn't have to spend time working 
"as of yesterday, i've been with <propfirst> donald-davis for a whole year   love  which is pretty awesome "
at the devo show  we we we so excited 
devo is so great live  even without considering their age    they played all my favorite songs and just managed to rock out 5 times harder than their much younger opener  would see again!
"<propfirst> was awesome  devo was awesome  hopefully, <propfirst> and his kind will be awesome? it had better be  <propmale>  smith, homosexuality, and wwii berlin    pretty winning formula "
my oral: too long and a bit halting  but i went first so i get a break on it  m brager thinks i should write an article about french punk music   laugh  that part's pretty awesome 
"30 day song challenge day 2: your least favourite song  sampling gets on my nerves    it just ruins otherwise good songs  i don't know song titles or anything because i don't listen to this music, but rest assured, it sucks listening to pop radio at work  -_-"
"wow! thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone! it turned out really awesome   love "
