4103eb91e60c1b25eb49c472824b18b6
has finally faltered to the peer pressures of facebook 
is celebrating christmas with an iphone in hand 
hold your grounds! prepare yourself cause life is a battlefield 
"if a tiger were to wrestle a lion, the tiger wins  if 10 tigers were to wrestle 10 lions, the lions win  i believe in togetherness, along with tenacity; wrought together us a whole "
"baby you know that, maybe it's time for miracles "
today comes to me like snow to a toddler 
"oh, <propfemale> at last! as of now, my shackles are broken; i am emancipated!"
"goodbye, green and white martians!"
"if music be the food of love, play on "
god granted us a face; why make another?
a smile is a curved line which set things straight 
"my hands are all tied to prom, literally  smile "
"prom was awesome, but why does it feel like it's more than just prom?"
good deeds are flushed by the sea of requited sacrifices 
sometimes the ones whom you think is closest to you; could be the one who's furthest apart 
i'm sick of how things were; changing for how things are 
"imagine having finite mathematics taught by a walking mummy, american history taught by a phd grad from southern <propfemale>, public speaking taught with videos of american presidents giving speeches and mock funerals  i've fallen in love with campus life "
oh <propmale> vandross; thou <propmale> my new idol 
"is piled under a shitload of assignments, but still holding on    "
wonders whether weight-lifting actually stunts one's height or it's just a crappy myth 
has been convinced that american football is actually not aggressive 
freshie night was the bomb 
"you know what they say, once you go <propmale>, there's no going back!"
is teaching my mom how to use facebook 
"farewell my friends,  wong thean eu and thean <propfemale>! aussie mate!  smile "
"at malaysian studies class with <propfirst> lim, chai leng, kar keat, and <propmale> tan"
i'm hotttttt! dontcha think so??
i want sexxxx!!!!!
i neeed sexxx right now!! im desperate!!!!!!!! come seee me guys and girls!! come see me!!!!!!
im masturbating right now! its cumming! anyone want to see my cum????
please respond!!!!!! i'm high ppl! <propmale> yap <propfemale> <propfirst> choe sylvianto lo kar keat ng tengsong <propfemale> yulizz
why do all good things come to an end?
"another pool party, another wet body   "
"keep smilin', keep shinin', knowing you can always count on me, for sure "
"hanging out with <propfemale> loh, <propfirst> wong, chuu khai choy, jilian <propfirst>, shadhin rasheed   smile "
it's finals and i spent my day doing yoga with <propfemale> loh and nur athirah khairuddin
i love <propfemale> loh's hair!  smile 
beauty lies in the eyes of the beerholder: what about those who don't drink?
there's nothing better than spending summer holidays with a bunch'a amazing kids and dramatic grandmothers   smile 
sometimes i wish i were orphaned 
"happy mothers day, tho <propfemale> yin  you've raised me well; and i appreciate all that you've done for me "
lots of people want to ride with me in a limo; but a true friend is one who rides the bus with me when the limo breaks down 
"is a slave to the heart, but master to the world "
"; there is nothing worse than feeling that even after doing so much good, you are treated bad "
"wishes to see the unseen, and hear the unheard "
"; it takes a drop of ink to start a war and another drop to end it, which one are you?"
"; sacrifice is sharing your happiness with everyone around you, knowing that you'll eventually lose it!"
is at a high class rock concert; but it feels like i have just got tickets to a horror movie 
is distracted when you're around 
; never have i felt so uninvited 
"; recognition is a game of survival, if you're heart's not for the game, don't pull yourself up and others down when you lose "
; if only things were better 
; apathy is the new empathy 
"; so close, yet so far "
should i just keep chasing pavements?
"; ugh, listening to a bunch of snobbish, self-absorbed racists in the foyer totally ruins your mood; especially when their ass is the same color as yours "
looking at guys with long hair in the changing room makes you think twice on whether you're in the right changing room 
my family was invited for miss malaysia's wedding! i'm here to gloat  playful 
when you record my grandma's squabbles and my little brother's whines; you'll get the most annoying alarm ringtone in town 
"just when i started liking my holidays, it's about to end  just when i started hating it, i begins  how ironic "
my god; my tourniquet  return to me salvation 
why did you have to enter my life and mess everything within?
"sacrificing your own happiness for the happiness of the one you love is, by far, the truest form of love "
"if life were a graph, i'm going on the steepest downturn ever "
if only i could just open my eyes and my entire life was nothing much just a vivid dream 
"rejection is like an aching tooth that has to be pulled out, but dreadfully painful "
just realized how grateful i am to have such amazing friends   smile 
i'm not lost; just undiscovered 
whoever knew college applications can be such a bitch 
i speed through to find opportunity pass me by; and it's already too late 
"if i can dream, but not make dreams my master "
clubbing at rootz was awesome! <propfirst> g was not too good of a dj though 
"farewell neesha rikan thirumalaichelvam! i had an awesome night with you  though, you might be a bit hammered right now   playful  we'll meet in the us, deffo "
"; you may have your pradas and <propfirst> vuittons, but with no friends to share them with, they're worth nothing "
"; it is the best of times, it is the worst of times "
wishes all my muslim friends a selamat happy raya and eid mulbarak!
; happy patriot day! in commemoration for the lives lost in 9 11
"; i am the fire, but you were the spark; i burn for you when all is dark "
"nyu, why'd you gotta so god-forsaken-ly difficult?"
even someone who works like a dog deserves at least a bone 
"; attractive features might open doors, but it takes more than physical beauty to keep them open "
<propfirst> lambert was glambertastic!  laugh 
happy halloween !  laugh 
happy divali and deepavali guys!  smile 
hands
"my birthday was memorable, in many ways, bipolar: from the grandiose brunches, to the classic movies, to going behind bars "
"gluttony is a sin; but when you're in the food haven, you just have to repent later "
"<propfirst> yeong, nasha afra, and <propfirst> <propfemale> jun weng are suffering from mos (monopoly-obsession-syndrome) "
"thank you <propfirst> yeong  for planning such an une playful ected party for me  thank you kf kahfye  for tagging along in planning such an une playful ected party for me  thank you nasha afra not only for being such an amazing accountant and monopoly <propmale>, but also for the card "
"<propmale> you <propfemale> <propfirst> choe  and sylvianto lo  for sacrificing your holidays just to celebrate with me  and i apologize for asking, \what the hell are you guys doing here?\"" i just woke up """
"thank you khaz krazy for being such a kraze in the club, with me  smile  and for introducing us to the psycho of nazi zombies! thank you adli shah and uranbileg enkhtuvshin  for again, sacrificing your birthday to come celebrate with me  i know that it was a huge sacrifice  us december babies usually celebrate alone  smile  thanks everyone for the cheezilicious cheese cake!"
dear elfs and elvens! may i wish you all a very blessed and gifted christmas 
; why build barriers against someone whom we haven't known?
happy boxing day!
"; may i flip the year 2010 into the pages of my history-david-textbook, while flipping into a new chapter of opportunity "
"deadlines, so many deadlines to reach "
keep holding on   
you'll never know how many people you have in malaysia until you visit the malls on chinese new year season 
"it's fun when you're home for chinese new years watching my younger brother singing <propmale> <propfirst> with my mom on american idol on the ps3 while the virtual <propmale> cowell says, \that was like a shrieking cat falling from a 66th floor building \"""""
"; the one thing we can never get enough of is love, and the one thing we can never give enough of is love "
; is it odd for me to find the brain the sexiest organ?
"; to all the single people out there, happy valentines day!  laugh "
"if you're single, don't leave your home  better be single at home than be singled out in the sea of couples "
"<propfemale> loh, you rock!  smile "
"the girl you just called fat? she has developed anorexia because of you  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup so you'll like her  the boy you just tripped? is abused at home  the boy you just called queer? he spends hours hating himself, wishing to be something he was never meant to be  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying "
standing at a crossroad where all the four paths show nothing but buildings and skyscrapers; i am in a dilemma 
life works in funny ways  it's the little things that really change how you feel about the big things 
