f598ac3a4b01ca1148d94b8ea2f5ebc6
"okay okay, y'all asked for it and here it is, my face book  the best way to get ahold of me would be myspace but i understand most of you can't have one  hahaha  laugh "
okay if you know me come and add me!! i am head off to work at 1:45 ish  may stop by y'alls work to say hi and harrass you  what ever  peace- <propfemale>
"at work, will go to a bbq after wards  <@ smile "
"if i don't know you, i won't add you  laugh  any who if my room mate <propfirst> <propmale> finds me please add me @_@"
gonna get my hair dyed tommarow at 9 smile 0 am     i am sooooo hungery  playful  can't wait to go home and eat pizza nom nom nom
"omg, i am getting my hair dyed this morning  laugh "
i leave to arizona in the morning  smile  will there around 3pm
cant leave out of friday harbor because my plane can't fly through fog  will be on island for about another week  playful 
@_@ i am bored  playful  someone text me or something  laugh 
work at 3pm today  laugh      had a freaky zombie dream >_> would be an awesome movie 
i wish i had a big baggy black hoodie and big black baggy pants or cargo shorts  laugh 
"sorry things turn out how they did but i am happy that you called on me in a time of need  i will gladly go yell at some one if they are making you uncomfortable kay?\and if i need to spray them with pepper spray then  good  laugh "
i have my school stuff all worked out and am in a good mood  laugh  plus i have my pepper spray hanging around my neck  laugh 
i am home  laugh  but will leave friday and arrive in arizona saturday  laugh  and i gots new shoes!!!  laugh 
"at work, it is my last day  i will miss you and you and you, you, you ,you ,you!!!!!"
"i want chocolate and a room full of darkness  leave me alone plz     except you, you are okay  smile "
"for all islanders: this is my last day being on the island, sorry if you didn't get to say your goodbyes but i have no more time left  i will miss y'all but don't you worry i'll be back every now any then, so it isn't really \bye\"" but rather \""see you later!\"" <propfemale>? so no more tears alright? i'll be back before you know it  smile """
i made it to arizona  smile  i move in to my dorm this week  laugh  staying at my gran's house right now and am having a very pleasent time here  joyful 
i go to new student orientation tommarow and i move in to my dorm  will be a long day 
as soon as i leave every one gets crazy  laugh 
@_@ omg school is e playful ensive     and i still need to find and purchase a cd player for my japanese class  laugh 
"i have a note book now so i will be online alot more  joyful  so text, im, e-mail, or call me  smile        if i know u lol"
holy crap  i love in the groove 2  hahaha  laugh 
going to take a shower and <propfemale> out with my friend <propfirst>  she lives in the dorm with me and is very nice  joyful 
"i have 3 classes today  comp  101, japanese 101, and topics in culture and civ       that one is at 4pm hahaha it is a good class though  so what is everyone else up to?"
i am good  joyful  how about you?
a home away from home   joyful  andrea    ur my best friend!!  laugh 
 annoyed  little <propfemale>!! we need to <propfemale> out some more!! i miss you  smile  go play some itg2 or something  joyful 
two classes today  my new room and room mate are awsome  bigger room  nice roomate  things are looking up  joyful 
 joyful  did a walmart trip today  should have enough food to keep me till december 
i dyed my hair pink and purple!! and i have a <propfirst> flat iron  smile  works great!! i can't wait to get your package in the mail mom   joyful  and i hope you are feeling better dad!!
happy halloween every one
two classes today  joyful  one at 9 smile 0 and one at 4pm weather is cooling off here  people were driving like maniacs on halloween!!
 joyful  i am sitting down drinking coffee from a french press enjoying the view outside  it is 72 degrees in tucson today  i went to the mall last night  they had a kitten at the animal shop that looked like my old cat <propfirst>  i hope my cat <propfemale> is doing okay 
this is my jam  laugh  ((we no speak americano by <propfemale> be cool & dcup))
i've been thinking about christmas and somebody special is going to be getting cedar shoe trees     every one write down what they want for christmas!!  joyful 
christmas was good  had a traditional english dinner chirstmas <propfemale> and aunt <propfirst> and digger's cooking christmas day  it is in the 50s today! no snow and no rain!
enjoying the holidays!! winter break is great!
some people are just idiots 
happy new years <propfemale> everyone!
bengal and <propfemale> cats are soooo pretty
"well hey everyone  i don't know about you, but this winter was realllyyyy cold"
cats make great pets!
i am sooo bored  >_> i wish i had a job just so that i could have something to do!! anyone looking for a babysitter or something?
anyone headed to arizona?
please pray for me  i would really like that at this time
the dog has worms  gross!!!
i love quakers oatmeal! it isn't my favorite food but it is really good  tell me what your favorite food is   joyful 
college is alot better than high school! everyone should go to college 
"spooky likes to walk around the house with the feather teaser in his mouth, just as if he had caught a bird!  what weird things do your pets do?"
sitting in class  free time! have to be quiet though  smile 
i wish i had a camera so i could take pictures of all the things i want to remember later in life  smile 
dinner with grandma & grandpa went great! i think hey really like him!!
spring rolls are great!
good ol' stinky whizzleteats and yaksmas
it is suppose to snow in tucson  it is raining a little right now and there were wind storms yesterday  it is currently 34 degrees  i hope it isn't just north tucson that gets snow!! i have a long day of bio today  goes from 8a m  to 2 smile 0p m   laugh  hope they turn the heat on!! wish me luck getting to class in this weather!
things have been a little gloomy and stressful  i am looking forward to a brighter tommarow 
spring break starts monday  smile  i can not wait!
wrt 102 ended up being better then i thought  i am tired and can't wait to get home  still feeling the food posioning
what is up with these islanders  i don't even know some of them but they want to add me  the problem is that they are little kids  frankly i rather not friend little kids especially if i do not know them  other wise i will look like some creepy loser college student whos only friends are in grade school  don't talk to strangers kids even if you think having older friends on fb will make you look cool 
dyed my hair black today  it was taking to long for the blond to grow out! it was my first time not going to a salon  everything turned out fine but guuuuh i don't like how it feels  i hope it will be more soft as it gets washed  at least it is shiny!  smile 
spooky was hurt yesterday  he went under the recliner to sleep and my roomate sat down and reclined on the recliner when i wasn't home  when i did get home there was some blood under the sofa and spooky had soiled himself  long story short i took spooky to the vet and they didn't find any broken bones or cuts  blood came from his nose  spooky was sore though but he is feeling much better now  poor little guy 
went to the 4th ave street fair today  i can't wait for the spring fling asua carnival this thursday-sunday  catcard holders get in for free!
