93de29f697e1d8ad87b5f5d78908a89b
has to write a 2page paper about someone influential in my life     i wonder who that could be???
my ear is ringing wtf ?
has an interview at best buy!!! wish me luck lol
now has to wait a few days to recieve a call for his second interview at best buy!!!
got skype add me   davidmarquez1991   fools
"found out that rush, <propfirst> eat world, and some other band are going to my best buy in the near future    wooo!!"
happy new year people !!!!!!!!
when oppurtunity comes knocking it's best to open the door     well oppurtunity has just knocked for our family : )
"is following live blogs on the apple tablet officially known as the \ipad\"" btw it almost has a 10 inch screen"""
the ipad is fucking epic      $499 for 16gb   599 32gb    699 for 64gb    also wifi and 3g models will cost $130 more than the original wifi only price     first ipads will be available in 60 day (wifi only) and the 3g+wifi 30 days after that     freaking a
is feeling sorry for the losers who bought iphones recently because i just seen the new iphone with a front facing camera for video chat !!!!!!
just finished watching american psycho and was left like wtf  lol
big byfuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ftwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!
get the brooms outtttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwkkkkkkkkkkkkkkks
hawks !!!!!!!!! win!!!!! sweep!!!!
"any one want to join me for the live via satellite big four concert on june 22 featuring metallica, anthrax, slayer, and megadeth tickets are 18 bucks at the addison movie theater"
hawks win!!!!
hawks win !!!!!!!
hawks win !!!!!
damn ref dont see shit when it happens to the hawks
hawks win!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hawksssssssssssssss winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!
stanely cup is coming home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
brazil 
brazil  do do do brazil do do do brazil ftw kaka and <propfirst> fabiano ftw
<propfirst> is coming back after 7years      might have to keep my wii after all
loves how there is a bird sitting on the goal netting  by algerias goalie during the england match   greatest bird ever lol
currently listening to techno in his house while putting away the dishes    i feel like im a dishwasher in a club lol
transformers 3 is gunna be filmed downtown
just got off work from <propfirst> we got like 7 refrigeration trucks full of shit i'm not gunna answer my phone if they try to call me in again
rip mj greatest singer songwriter ever  long live the <propmale> of pop
"the nike football rewrite the future curse is complete, all players featured in the video either didnt do well or their entire team didnt make it thru the world cup     bogus"
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
looks like lbj is going to miami    
my birthday party was pretty damn fun bare foot soccer while stepping on sticks getting stabbed in the foot and breaking some awesome ass pinatas pics to come
just booked a 4star hotel in downtown minneapolis with 2 rooms for 60 bucks a night       fucking a!!!!
my house has diarrhea lol
fuck you piece of shit rain i'm gunna piss skyward so hard imma flood the sky and go through the god damn atmosphere     and i thought jesus was my home boy lol
to bad bp killed spongebob we really could have used him now
is so fucking bored and like fuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccckkkkkkkkk this shit
so my dad left the house in a quiet angry drunken rage because my mom didn't want to talk to him cuz he was drunk an he thought she had someone in the basement cuz she was doing laundry     alcohol is bad for ya kids   especially when your father sleeps with a loading  glock 9 in his bedside drawer
has walked all four floors of the mall of <propfemale> and found nothing quite of interest
is finding that fashion is quite repetitive
rest in peace abuelito      you fought hard
just noticed that <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> was in starship troopers  lol
holy shit mexico won miss universe lol and i missed it  the fuck
netflix on my ipod hells yeahhhh!!!!!!
"if anyone has an hour and a half to waste i suggest you go to video google com and search up (earthlings) to get a mouthful of how fucked up we are as a human race     material is graphic but i suggest you watch and learn a \little\"" bit """
is itchy under this beard
"report: kinect doesn't speak spanish (it speaks mexican) [xbox 360]       i lol'd\\http annoyed  kotaku com 5627036 report-kinect-doesnt-speak-spanish-it-speaks-mexican"
saw a p90 at the gun shop     want!!!
briggs with the turnover !!!! woo now a td please
bears ftw!!!!!
bears!!!!!!!
was just watching <propmale> <propfirst>'s super humans on history channel and saw a guy named yves rossy achieve flight only using his body and 4 mini jet engines      epic !!!
bears winnnn!!!!!!!
is playing crash bandicoot
cutlers in the locker room
at least it's not a shut out now     god damn bears
go hawks!!!!
just added all 4 seasons of psych to his netflix instant queue     woo
"just got off work    back just started to hurt    gunna take out the garbage and then sleep for a few hours   but seeing the sunrise and the <propfemale> set in a blend of navy blue, and green to create a seafoamy green was pretty sweet"
who can remind me how to play spoons again???
won't be buying shit today for black friday but will wait to see what cyber monday has in store hopefully better stuff than what's out there today
rip <propfirst> nielsen    i fucking loved you man
dark as hell in these woods sitting next to a fire though
"has bought a nice selection of blu <propfirst> movies for the winter which includes fight club 10th anniversary edition, reservoir dogs 15th anniversary edition, life from the makers of planet earth, the entire dirty <propmale> collection set, fantasia and fantasia 2000, and to round it all out just received inception      so if any1 wants to have a movie night hit me up lol"
red dead redemption game of the year !!
power is out
well i guess the pack is in
needs a job who the fuck is hiring ?
jugando domino
"people don't worry about your zodiac signs it was a astronomer who decided this change not an astrologer they have different views on the sun, the stars, and the universe you know all that space shit   "
patriots are out
i know the social network is a good movie but i really like it because <propfirst> fincher directed it because he directed fight club   so it's cool it's winning a bunch of awards besides inception
halle fucking <propfirst> lookin fine as ever !!!!!!
good job pack cuz the bears played like shit today
power is out
jesus needs to use head and shoulders to many flakes coming down
snowpocalypse 2011
super bowl halftimes need more tits bring <propfemale> back !!!! and the titties!!!! please
the green hornet is on sci fi     the og kato was <propmale> <propfirst>    epic
court in the morning
<propfirst> bieber has a line of nail polish i think he really is girl
lady gaga arrived in a egg literally inside of a fucking egg
staring at a milf that's on caso cerrado  smile 
bought the bourne trilogy today  smile 
wishes that dragons really existed  sad 
go bulls don't fuck up like last time
today was quite a shitty day
bulls sweeping the heat
got a call from carmax interview on wednesday
got a letter from carmax saying i'm cool but they gunna hire some one else even though the position entails taking pics of cars when i told them i've done alot of photo stuff     
meet an australian last night cool peoples
usher has a sex tape out in the wild that was with his ex wife and companies are shopping for it lol
come on d <propfemale> make all three
at&t is buying t mobile
bulls 2 games ahead of boston     doing work
the oxford english dictionary has declared  love   is officially a word 
i can watch the fifth element a million times i love that movie     milla jovavich is a goddess in it
has had 5 job interviews in the past month and still no fucking job    fucking ass
