1b434eab6f0166a25fe89590ae691482
"met a new person today  pretty random, and awesome  saw <propfirst>  he's awesome too, and still ticklish! new guy's name is <propfirst>  he let me drink some of his monster  lol and i didn't get to hyper!!!"
"oh, and i actually will get to show <propmale> this year  yay!!!!"
my internet hates me   
"talkin to <propfirst>, cuz my other lame friends are shunning me lol"
"i'm wondering if it's even worth it anymore, the whole dating thing  just keep getting used by assholes  keep setting myself up to get hurt it seems   "
"bonfire today! the official guest list: <propfirst>, <propfemale>, west, nate, <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propmale>  (<propfemale> me i i know mostly guys  lol plus only one girl rsvp'd   )"
today is gonna be an awesome day!
"today was a rough day, apparently not allowed to have a conversation "
can't wait till the day 
"great  my ex met my sister, and now he keeps asking me about her  just great, really  really really really great  i hate her, and he's asking me questions about her  how stupid can an ex get?"
<propfemale> falto con todo mi corazón 
just had to revisit a bad memory  long story 
i miss a certain someone    
i miss everyone! coming to toledo on the 10th 
"absolutely devasted  just found out that because of our phone <propmale>, we can't afford to go to toledo on the 10th    "
i miss having fun!!!!
"<propfirst>, you're not boring  you're fun you silly wierdo who parties nude "
lol my friends are awesome ppl  i love you guys  i know i'll pull through 
hi everybody!
missing west 
booooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddddddddddd                    
"hyper, bored, sad, happy, loved, confused, distracted, and pissed off  tell me why "
i'm going to have fun 
ppppppphhhhhhhhhhtttttttttttt! shitty 
better     
"instead of the 21st, it's gonna be on the 4th  yay  19 more days "
"sittin here chillin, waiting for the brownies to cool  maybe i'll b able to start baking myself again soon   "
"life sucks, but we all gotta pick ourselves up, brush it off, and walk away as if nothing ever happened   <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> are great friends    i'd do anything for them (except what you're thinking <propfemale> lol)"
let the one you love know how you feel before it's too late and they're gone  that's probably the best advice ever  why don't i listen to my own advice? it's not fair   
"the first two (or three) days in sept  <propmale>, you know what im saying i hope)"
"bored, and hyper and tired, maybe i should go to bed   "
"shocked, surprised, and in awe of all the moronic people i've met this year "
i miss about 50 different memories right now    
"missing the old, trying to embrace the new"
"989-386-3371 if you wanna call  just not past 9 pm  i can call out, but i can't recieve calls past 9 pm"
i miss home   
"looking forward to school  yes, i actually am  lol who'da thunk it? not only do i have my family kicking my ass about school, but i have my friends, and riky and now his mom lol  i love you guys!"
"so i feel like i wanna kick something  don't worry, i'm not mad, but my leg muscle's are twitching like crazy lol"
boys are so     weird  they're over chivalrous this year   i think i need to kick them or something    
listening to far away and thinking of him
i'm at the grandparents  it's my little bro's b-day  finally he's 14
hmm    i gotta remember to watch my french  my grandparents check this out    love you guys!!! -shines halo-
coming to toledo for winter break for sure!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! extremely psyched
race tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! stoked for winter break
is definately coming to toledo!!! already got the tickets!!! (i'm taking the bus will arrive monday  7:10 pm)
t o l e d o 
"toledo, chillin on new <propfemale>'s  only have two more days        "
"last year had its quirks, i'll admit  i just hope this comin year is a wee bit better"
mornin everybody  hope you get to wake up nice  this morning sucks  goin home tomorrow after school  headache now 
at my grandparents  got a bunch of house stuff for christmas  playful 
sittin next to the love of my life while he's pickin fights lol
"today i realized that time is an obstacle we must all overcome, but until then, we must bide our time and wait"
"should i feel bad that, as a girl myself, i find the behaviors of other girls so freaking confusing? why do they gotta spend two hours in the freaking bathroom?"
"wondering why on earth that when i don't want the day to go fast, it does anyway, but when i do want the day to go fast, it just drags on   "
grr! that's all that's needed to say 
i found a proxy  playful  proud of myself
i wish i knew what everything meant
meeting new people in a random way is fun   
pppppphhhhhtttttttt!
tiff is coming to toledo for spring break! yay!
listening to some awesome music
meh! i wanna do something shocking 
i love finding old friends on facebook lol
satan comes from the hebrew word opposers? sorry   saw that on tv 
gettin off  be back in an hour or so 
my grandma just called me <propfemale>!!!!! ugh thnkx gma
"so! if anyone wants to <propfemale> out march 31-april 4, let me know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cuz i'm coming to toledo!"
april 1- april 4  see y'all then 
"men! up here, mostly  i know the whole typical men n directions thing, but damn  i tried saving my friend 23 <propmale> of gas and he blew u on me  your welcome! (as we passed each road i told him to turn, i pointed it out)"
my dog got hit by a car yesterday   so i'm on a short fuse  really crappy past few weeks  (excluding last weekend  loved it)
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! purple llamas! i see purple elephants!!!!!
so i'm actually doin softball against my will cuz some dumb idiot blabbed to the team sports teacher that i kick butt at throwing   
"i  am  a  genius  lol sometimes a mis-type can be the best thing on earth  laugh  i'm at school, and i discovered a proxy lol"
"so i'm coming to toledo  all of you know this i am sure, but i'm coming this weekend, instead of next "
i guess i'm going back today  to all the ppl i didn't get to see: i'll see you soon!!
brb in a bit  goin for a walk lol
i love how we forget the little things  -sarcasm-
unwilling to deal with the mid teacher today  i think i'll just show up and do bookwork all day 
"-puts hand to left cheek- oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\took three shots of novacaine, and it still wasn't numb  i knew we were on a bit of a time crunch, so i went to my happy place  it hurts      and the funny thing is, i cant feel the left side of my face "
"note to self: geo and <propmale> and <propfirst>, gotta hold them back  last night was great!!"
have i really changed so much???????? d:  crying 
road trip!
"so if thinking about the past is depressing because of what you may have lost, thinking of the present is annoying, and thinking of the future freaks you out and or gives you a headache, what are you supposed to think?"
fighting is painful  just sayin 
"today was my last day in school   today was a good day  then i came to town, and bad luck  the freakin machine atefour freakin dollars  *takes a machine gun to it* on the bright side i get to write to my <propfemale> <propmale>!!!"
talkin to <propfemale>  cuz i'm awesome  muhahahahahahah!! comin to ohio this summa!
i is coming to toledo real soon now!!
is on a celly  had a weird week    
toledo: july 8  bus will arrive around 7 smile 0-7:45 pm 
"don't worry, be happy! i no longer wirry, and i'm content "
sittin and chillin  are you gellin?
it's official  marines are goofs  but in a very good way  they keep me amused  lmao i was just watchin funny <propfemale> videos      lol jkjkjk you're not a goof  you're a goofy dork! lol jk! love you!
well    now i've seen everything lol
m'kay    air force are definitely as      odd    as marines  youtube  this is why i'm hot (deployed style)
"aw screw it  our military is both awesome, and hilarious  here's to all the troops out there!"
"well, i thought i saw everything    but i hadn't until i saw marines singing <propfemale> girl                yeah "
"you know    all these videos i've seen so far all have one thing in common, despite the different branches of the military  that thing in common is men  men are goofs lol"
grr! hurry up  7 more days!!!
"i'm proud of the troops fighting for us  they're supporting our country  is supporting them too much to ask of us? no  marines are not cowards  really, it'd be safer for you if you kept your opinion to yourself  don't dis the people out there fighting for us, even if it could mean losing their life in the process "
"pretty much, i'm at my grandparents  my aunt and her boyfriend are here  found out, he likes icp!!! awesome ^,^"
i'm in toledo!!!!
eatin pizza in toledo
made a mistake  feel bad for it  sorry sis!! luffs you!!!
i'm doing okay  just so y'all know 
chillin with the bestiies in toledo  love you guys 
missing him with every fiber of my being  the sad thing is that he doesn't even realize how much i loved him 
waiting for fun lol drama drama
ouch 
headache  backache  other than that it's been a great day so far lol
 love   love   love  feeling better  brightened my day  love   love   love 
back hurts  but i ish happy lol  love  you all
"dude  im at the computer right, and this guy whos stayin here comes up from behind, wraps his arms around me, puts his head on mine, says \brains  mmmmm\""and walks away  wtf?!?! lol"""
"how did it go from me planning a party, to me putting two friends in charge while im gone, to now i'm not allowed to know any details concerning the planning of my party?? brats!!! lol"
love you mom and dad and family
forget ppl 
got to actually talk to <propmale> today =p hangin out with <propfirst> (<propmale>'s mom) is great  i'm having fun  things are going good here  going back to mi on monday  been gone for a long time  my family misses me  miss them too 
new hair!! pics on site =p
cant sleep 
"why judge? what's the point? we all have our opinions  in my opinion, i like french fries"
"if you are reading this, whether we do or dont speak often, please post acomment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in yourhead  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status; youwill be surprised what people remember about you!! ready, go!"
"the things you do for love  sometimes, if you love someone, the only thing you can do is break their heart "
"je vous aime de tout mon cœur  pour toujours et toujours, toujours et pour toujours"
qui savait que <propmale> choses se retrouveraient comme cela ?
missing him  again  what else is new??
"<propfirst>  i need number  if you don't wanna post it here, send me a message"
"no matter what you do, you manage to make someone angry  i try to protect myself and boom! i make someone i care about alot very angry  sor-ry  i mean, i'm sorry for not being they type of girl who would help a guy cheat on his girl  sorry for being me, sorry for having values, and sorry for caring so much for you that i have to protect myself from getting hurt  if you want, i'll never speak again "
leprechaun: back 2 tha hood is funny      
"once upon a time, a girl said to a boy, \i like you  i've liked you for a while now\""  the end"""
989-817-1865  text meeeee!!!!!
i remember a time when life was going great then boom!!! life was created 
someone do me a favor and jump for joy
"grr @ some pple  cant wait to meet <propfirst>'s \gf\""  gonna be hard for him to avoid me in a small school like pioneer  one thing i gotta say to <propfirst>:: whipped!!!!"""
"sometimes, all you can do is survive, no matter how hurt you are "
chillin in toledo  sorry friends but this time its not to visit you guys  loves you though
- - whatever
grr    
got to see the older sibs today  and jds lil sis <propfirst>  she looks so grown up    im gonna have to threaten the guys sooner than i think  cant wait to see them again and <propfemale> out with them 
need 2 party
i love how when you decide to be random and get ahold of friends you havent heard from in a few yrs and then boom! 7 yrs and he gets ahold of me  missed ya man
i got a horse! ooh yeah! he's frickin huge! omg i got a horse  hello sunrise didja miss me? lol
woke up real early today  actually saw the sunrise  here's to many more days of that 
i can update my statu by texting now  dont even have to be on the web  gotta love technology <   *üflyiinü*ö  >
i miss you
pioneers turning into a traditional school - - i'll pull through one way or another
almost died of smoke inhalation  irony bites  wish i had a cigarette lol
so freakin tired  stuffy nose  gots a cold but about to take a break
"lyin in bed sick  this really effing sucks  you wanna know how to find out who's a friend? the one always askin for money, cut them completely off and or confront them and watch their reaction"
i still say hospitals suck  end of story 
so i wake up and its 10:23  nobody woke me up   and its too late to go to  class today  oops  oh well  more time with the baby
85 more days till the <propfemale> comes home!!!!!  love  ya!
"to everyone who does not know already: if i have something to say about you, believe me: i will say it to your face  i'm not some coward to say something behind ones back and i will most definitely not talk shit about my friends "
wakin up  facing a brand new day  no matter what knocks me off my feet i gotta jump back up and keep on fighting  i am strong  i can and will survive  my friends have my back 
toledo for new years hopefully  cant stay long though  got horses to take care of
cant sleep  i guess it happens whe i fall asleep around 7 and wake up at 9:45  guess i got more than enough sleep 
hootie and the blowfish are comin out with another album n goin on tour  just heard about it  coolies
had fun today  miss them  hopefully will have fun tomorrow too
been up since 6:45  cant sleep  mum isnt up yet and my friends arent5 within walking distance   oh hey! my mom is up  smile  time to be active now
how can ppl e playful ect me to play the peaceful person anymore? i refuse to just sit around and wait to be hurt  i'm tired of stupid people who think they can take advantage of me trying to be a nice person  let me be the first to warn you: i am not all bark and no bite  stick your hand in my face and it will be bitten  (figure of speech abouth the biting)
feeling drained and i still have to clean my entire room lol fun fun  cant wait till halloween weekend
im ready to go home now   free day    bored   save me!!!
cant wait till halloweenh party this coming weekend
cant wait till halloween party this coming weekend
cant wait till the halloween party this weekend
i miss him  wish he would be here so i could hug him
still in bed  waiting on a text 
power's out at my place    electricity is needed for running water around where i'm at now lol    also just realized today we dont get a water <propmale> and electric <propmale>    we just get electric  lol hope they dont try to charge us for havin no electricity 
"i actually miss how i could trust them  now i still do, in spite of everything  am i a true friend? i don't know  that is up to you "
"its hard to go on knowing she didn't even have a <propmale>  there's no justice done in a murder-suicide  i pity his family for losing him  i don't hate his family, nor do i hate him  he took something from a young girl that cannot be brought back  he snuffed out a life before it could begin  rip <propfirst>  i love you girl "
i'm bored  wish i could see everyone again
waiting sucks  that's all i gotta say lol
"if\you think i'm cute, like my status  if you love me put a ?  if i am \your friend put a  smile  if you missme put a  indecision  if you ever had a crush on \me put a  laugh  and when  if you like me put a  surprise  if your not scared, put \this as your status & see what you get  yeeebrro,do it?"
"listening to something i've never heard before  pretty awesome though =p defeater- the red, white, and blues"
"i'm wakin up, opening my eyes, and realizing my mistakes in life  but do i regret them??? nope  cuz its what's made me who i am today"
"a best friend takes you to buy a pregnancy test  a good friend is standing outside your bathroom tellin ya \im stealing it!!!\"""""
"some people, i'd like to give the advice that if you don't know what to say, its sometimes best to keep your mouths shut  you can hurt people with your comments, especially if you dont know what the heck y'all are talkin bout"
so y'all in toledo heard aboutthe 15 yr old girl who was killed in a murder suicide?? figured y'all would cuz it happened so close to toledo   
"if things could be different, would you take the risk and try to change things, not knowing whether you're changing it for the better or changing it for the worst? or should you just always go with the flow, and let the current wash you through life??"
i hope everything will work out   smile 
"who ever knew that i could be so happy? life has tried to knock me down, but i've always found a way to get back on my feet  again  i love you  i want you to always be as happy as i am now "
tired already  on my way  playful 
i got outta school early today : p there was nothin to do 
i am so bored!!!! just so y'all know  wish i was with him
im sittin here wondering what would happen if i did something
i really just want things to go back to how they used to be  it's funny how a simple misunderstanding can escalate into the apocalypse 
"i love talking to ppl who are high  you can ask them a question like what time they'd be home and get an answer like sunday and try asking again but adding the fact that you dont want their mom to think you trashed the place and receive an \its ok im in private rite now ily\"" lol"""
talking to people can be a great stress reliever  just be careful to avoid those that generally make you want to punch bunnies 
"well, i'm more stuffed than the turkey was lol"
"new years, we gotta party  who's up for it?"
gave it some time  now im gonna go eat more lol
"so i fell for 2 pranks in less than five minutes, by the same person, for the first time in years  thanks man, love ya too  really do "
"it's too bad  so sad  dunno how things are gonna work out, but we'll see "
"sometimes i want to copy someone's status, word for word,and see if they notice"
stress is a ver bad thing  i guess we all have to live with it since apparently we cant live without it
proved all those people wrong
no school tomorrow apparently  chillin in lake  more like snowed in
not ready for school  yuck  last week before winter break  snowday yesterday 
dad's goin in for surgery  hope it goes well  couldnt get to school today  parents are my transportation  dont be angry with me buddies lol
"dad came outta surgery ok   smile  goin skating tonight ^,^"
headin to lake  its really cold out lol
"so much time, so little to do "
theres some chick staring at me on the bus - - i wouldnt mind if she werent giving me the sign of death every few minutes  the claws and fangs are about to come out if she dont stop > sad 
sicky
"dear lover, i thought about it and i've decided that i just dont like you  i love you "
baby it's cold outside
"chillin  bout to eat fish  as soon as the men say we can eat, its go time "
fish was good  haven't had fish in forever lol so now i'm sittin here bored for now  left my reading book at home  shoulda thought ahead 
ive always been true  i've waited so long to come home to you
lunar eclipse tonight  1 smile 0 am  for those not in the eastern time zone that would be 1 smile 0 my time
feelin pretty good  funny watchin him
"sometimes, all one can do is sit and wonder where everything went wrong "
"good morning? no  i'm tired as hell, and there's music blaring  creed, you're an okay band but you're not what i wanna hear first thing in the morning  give me somethin to go on!"
<propfemale> xmas everyone!
"did i find him, or did he find me??"
"for him, i would lay my own life down  he has only to ask, and i will be his forever  does he even realize that what i feel for him, is unlike anything i've felt before"
so tired
playin phase 10 for the 9th time this week  i hate this game lol especially when im so far ahead n evry1 catches up
miss ya toledo! wish i could party with y'all tonight  happy new year though
its time to grow up and im lookin forward to it  smile 
waitin for the long talk lol
everything is gonna be alright  smile 
"lovin it  smile  @(-,-)@"
headin to school  back hurts but ill live  tried wakin <propfirst> up like he told me to so hed could roll me cigs but that was a fail lol
gotta talk to <propfirst> tomorrow  i hope everythings ok   
chillin at school 
choices are sometimes so unfair  i hope he realizes how much i love him  i'd do anything for him  i dont think he realizes this 
waaay too cold for me lol
accidently hit him too hard  hopin he'll forgive eventually  lol maybe he'll cool off on the ice  love you baby!
"\boo! imma ghost!\"" \""thats just a sheet   \"" \""wow bitch thanks for ruining it!\"""""
so yeah
"the results came in   *,* here's to the future "
i think everyone is bound to find out anyway so i might as well come out with it  i am five weeks along  due date is 9-11-2011 
school is so dull   im really tired again
i hate it when he's stressed  i really hope things will go better for him and i hope he can make it into town tomorrow so i can see him  then we can cuddle on the couch and watch a movie 
its so cold in my room i can see my breath   
"gonna see th boyfriend today  so excited ^,^"
red bull
i want chinese food    even just an egg roll   i would love just an egg roll  i used to hate egg rolls   but then i had a good egg roll that tasted good   and i still really wish for some chinese    lo mein  sweet n sour chicken  general tsao's    even those sugar covered ball things    yumm   
"the boyfriend's been here since wednesday  i'm so happy he's around  i really need him now ^,^ i love you!"
6 weeks! 34 more to go
"toledo girls! im havin a baby shower down there  hit me up if you wanna come and when i find out when and where it is exactly, i'll send ya a msg lettin ya know  i love my boyfriend ^,^ he's a cutie  i might persuade him to come so y'all could meet him or the guys could take him out maybe"
school  tired  tired all the time now  bleh  lookin forward to lunchtime  breakfast made me feel sick
"finally had me some chinese food today lol  craving satisfied  guess what! i'm so in love ^,^"
"found out who's my real friends  love you guys  for all those who i found were fakes, thank you for helping me see the truth  i don't need y'all to survive "
triple whopper           had chinese    need a triple whopper n large fries  no cheese or mayo though     tripple whopper!
"made an awesome pancake this morning  so good i didnt wanna make another one, cuz im sure it'd turn out crappy lol"
chillin  resting my feet  things are goin good so far guys
there's nobody i would trust with my kid more than them 
"my bf n <propmale> are watching zombie strippers         i honestly have nothing to say to that except \assholes\"" lol"""
i need to figure out something!!! how to make as good a triple whopper as at bk 
    school tomorrow  yay  just what i need 
almost got gipped  i really didnt wanna have take econ again  so now im in world history  smile  yay
woot! today was a good day lol i think im gonna do psychology for an independent study when i'm not workin on whatever  todays was super easy  cant wait to get home though  i got a lot of cleaning to do 
so sometimes i wonder what it is i've forgotten  and realize i've forgotten this thing i've forgotten before   but i still can't remember what this forgotten thing is       
boom!
"haha i made my bf lose the game while he was enjoying a peaceful shower  he wasn't too happy about that one ^,^"
"i love my boyfriend so much! but shh! it's a secret lol  got to spend his birthday with him yesterday  i had so much fun with him and his family, and i look forward to spending more with everyone"
"sometimes, the choices have to be different  i hate how sometimes its so hard, but life's not gonna get any easier  its full of choices, and obstacles, but it all works out in the end "
dr appt went well  had blood drawn       hated it  having my first ultrasound on friday  8 weeks today 
"snow day  not complaining  however, i was hoping to have some words with some of the people at school  two-faced backstabbing traitors that they are  seriously though what is the point of being nice to someone's face, if you're just gonna go around sayin shit like our kid is gonna kill himself at age 3 i'm done with pretending i don't notice all the bullshit  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned  better watch out"
"yeah my boyfriend's hot, but with his other qualities, that's just a bonus  he makes me happy  he takes care of me  he can make me laugh when i'm feeling down  he's an awesome musician  he's actually got plans for his life  he's always willing to help others  to anyone who says he's a bad person, you obviously don't know him  all you people who talk shit about me and him: jealous deal with it"
today's going to be a promising day  got a headache n i'm feeling like crap
so awkward just doesn't cut it lol
aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm almost ready to kill this balloon 
there's no words for this right now
temperary problems are temperarily solved 
why do people add other people just to rag on them that gets so annoying  i see it happen to my friends all the time  people really need to get a life if they have nothing better to do than talk shit 
