3b222f3464019efa42ed07c7a53be6d4
i will be going out to the bars on tue  12 tell me if you will be out  i would like to catch up with some of my friends  hope to see you there  it would be in wisconsin dells   any ideas where i should go?
yeah i will be getting wasted on 1-12-10  if ever wanted to see me wasted or just want luagh at me join me that night  i will be going to as many ars as i can 
"trying to find love, and friendship "
i just updated my info <propfemale> check it out 
i know that if a girl gave me a <propmale> that our walk together in life would be a walk to remember 
i also just want to reconnect with people from high school that i should have hanged out with more  lets get something started 
does anyone want to talk with me?
"i just want to ask all the ladies out there a general question  i want to know how i can make myself desireable  i can be anything and everything i just need to know that there is someone who wants me  i want to e the best friend, eventually the best boyfriend, then eventually the best husand father i can be  i know i can someone's everything  i just need to know are you out there somewhere dreaming of me?"
"i just want to ask all the ladies out there a general question  i want to know how i can make myself desireable  i can be anything and everything i just need to know that there is someone who wants me  i want to e the best friend, eventually the best boyfriend, then eventually the best husand father i can be  i know i can someone's everything  i just need to know are you out there somewhere dreaming of me?"
"**social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and i  it can be anything  when you are finished, post this paragragh as your status  you'll be surprised what people remember **"
"happy birthday <propfemale>  i wish i could go to your party  i know you will have a wonderful time, your friends love you so much "
"**social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and i  it can be anything  when you are finished, post this paragragh as your status  you'll be surprised what people remember **"
no one wants to talk?
who wants to talk to me?
will i ever find love?
why am i on faceook?
what does anybody want to talk about?
what do women want?
is love all you really need?
is love all you need in a relationship? what is your defination of love? talk to me people!!
what do people want to talk about?
what do you do for fun?
why doesn't anyone want to talk to me?
what are you thankful for?
"i am sorry everyone about the posts  i am not sending them  my account is messed up, after i allowed some apps  access to my <propfemale>  i am deleting them right now "
i have changed my facebook password also so i hope it won't happen again 
what is up everybody?
whatis everybody up to?
does anyone know where happiness is?
if love came in a jar  what would the world e like?
way to go packers  that was a great game 
"i need to know what i am doing wrong, but no girl that has rejected me has given me advice or a reason to why the say no "
for me facebook is a waste of time 
(women) would anyone go to the movies with sometime?
valetine's day sucks if you are single 
why are you friends with me?
<propfemale> kucharski estes i care for all of you!!! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  let's see who the true friends are!!
what is my best quality?
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile"""
"<propfemale> alert: stop playing for a minute - copy and repost! 3 yr old boy taken by man in rochester mn driving 2006 mitsubishi eclipse  plate # 98b351  repost now! you know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew  seriously!!! i hope to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times, a child is in dange"
to anyone who cares my new phone number is on my profile's infomation <propfemale> call me if you want 
do you think three days is long enough for my last post?
"would anyone thats near by want to set me up on a date i think a blind date would work best for me? i have tried to ask girls out myself but that only worked once seven years ago, please help me "
honest opinons please  do i creep people out  scar them away?
i guess no one wants to talk to me 
when will love find me?
is anyone twitterpated?
"the years fly by so fast that they trap some of the good times like air bubbles in  the sludge of time  i look back and wish i did the things i wanted, and made the memmories i wanted "
there are somethings i want that i will never have 
we have to live with the choices that we make or dont make  i wonder if the choices i have made were the ones i should have made 
"all my relatives that have an account on faceook send me a friend request  i also need some help finding an old friend, <propfemale> shanahan  we graduated reedsburg area high school together please help me find her, it has been too long since we talked "
"if we went to school together, please message me so we can catch up "
all relatives of anyone with the last name premo friend request me  i am a premo desendent and would like to create a vast family tree  there will be lots of people in the tree and it would be interesting 
"sorry i dont talk to you guys  everybody, what is going on in your lives? my dad is still in the nurseing home after his stroke, and is starting to use a <propmale>  i am not getting a lot of hours at work  i am sorry if i have ever posted anything that bothered you  take care "
any friends that are in the dells want to do something 
"sorry <propfemale> it wont let me send you a message  i am doing good, but bored  i need to sleep i will talk to you latter  take care"
