d8cb3ccd4245d78dec3db4228f3050f4
my account got hacked    along with my email  sad 
i'm dreaming of a white april    wait an minute
alright now my phone died  technology officialy hates me right now
got my other phone activated  good to go
good thing i still have all the ballet company pictures because they are gone on here!
the age of man is over  the darkness comes and all the lessons that we've learned here have only just begun 
what element burns green? swear to god i just saw something burn up not more than a quater mile off the ground and it burned green!!!!!
oh every time i close my eyes i see my name in shining lights  a different city every night oh i swear
"with the help of <propfirst> <propmale>, j r r tolkien, <propfirst> a  heinlein i have had a revelation while writing my blog for my english class this week!!!"
because love is taking a dive and getting really comfortable and peeing in the pool and love is being the owner of a company that makes rape whistles    love is all about whistles
nice job with the concert everyone  we sure did rock that <propfirst>!
iron man 2 @ 4 surprise 5!! alright!!
"thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!\btw iron man 2 was completely and totally amazing!"
my fingers are a little tender from jamming with tecwyn roberts  a couple hours is a marathon when you haven't played in so long
"   and the sun is coming up fml i need a new brain \i think mines broken   "
"\happiness is nothing more than health and a poor memory \""\",d8cb3ccd4245d7 laugh ec3db4228f3050f4,"we are beautiful in every single way\yes, words can't bring us down \don't you bring me down today"
i think i'll write a book   
done with school got the year! summer here i come
"now when the sun come up i'll be there to say what up in the morning, brush my teeth, find that clip i been lookin for since last night i feel so caught up"
watching alicein wonderland with the family
working on blackbird
"live large <propfemale> rammer, <propfemale> weinaug, and <propfirst> philipps"
loves to e playful lore the intricacies and details of time travel
"and when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while cause girl you're amazing, just the way you are "
goodnight <propfemale>
"sex and beer sex and beer are the two things we hold dear\sex and beer sex and beer are the things we like 'round here"
bingo!
"you'll always have my shoulder when you cry  i'll never let go  never say goodbye\you can count on me like 1 2 3  i'll be there"
"the word of the day is \jactation\""\",d8cb3ccd4245d7 laugh ec3db4228f3050f4,in tokyo it's already three o'clock this afternoon
    took 155 pictures and just deleted them all  fml  dont worry thought <propfemale> wusterbarth i'll make up for it next week 
it's sad that you can literally see on my wall that i'm procrastinating    i think i should go now 
i am very excited!!! and for so many different things now  oh boy
high dive!!
my name is <propmale> rodriguez!
epic!! alright now i'm ready for part two! i guess i could just watch part one a few more times    yeah i'll do that
"word of the day: hallow \  e g  the deathly hallows\  definition: to make holy; sanctify; consecrate "
itunes is now precessing 9500 songs           annoyed  it was about time to reorganize
woooo blizzard!!!
just signed up for spring semester classes    not sure i know how i feel about that 
<propmale> jennings!
hard to think of a better weekend than the one coming up  oshkosh then up to ski brule for some winter sports madness!
i don't smell like me   its creepin me out
is posting on here that you just thoroughly enjoyed the movie social network redundant? lol no matter it was a good one 
so i'm officially ok with having 7 classes  that seems like it's going to be ok    but six finals? oh boy i didnt think about that before 
the freezer!!!
yes 
anyone else looked at pictures on here recently?   
is soooo excited!!!!
$69 to fill up the tank? really??
2am and i just turned on the backstreet boys  oh boy  
so it got a little warm for a shirt while i was shoveling today    thats a first 
i keep hitting the space bar twice and e playful ecting a period to show up   darn mobile devices are spoiling me and what used to be my good typing skills 
hahaha so i just logged onto myspace for the first time in 2 years    wow 
