5a2104e1bae6bc5464739f71c27cf4a0
babysitting then going to put in an app at coltons 
has a great life  everything is finally falling into place!
sittin at <propfirst>'s   wink  so happy!
"i don't knw where i stand with you and i don't know what i mean to you, all i know is everytime i think of you all i wanna do is be with you!"
babysittin   
at <propfirst>'s!!!  laugh  looking forward to seeing momma 2morrow!
trying to talk <propfirst> into rubbing aloe <propfemale> on my sunburnt face   
what the heck is wrong with me?! i'm actually starting to miss high school!!!
 sad  all this rain is depressing! i need sunshine!!!
yay! sunshine! at <propfirst>'s  <propfirst>'s mommy and daddy decided they were gonna pour water on me if i didn't get up!  sad  it's too early!
bout to go to bed  so excited about going to see mommy! i'm gonna miss ppl tho!!!
yay 30 days til the big 1-8!!!
ready to go to <propmale> for a week! don't wanna be away from him though!
need to take more pictures! remind me to take my camera when i go to <propmale>!
leaving for <propmale> tuesday nite! can't wait to see my friends! missing him already though 
is at mommy's!!! yay! so excited about seeing everybody!
loves ridin with the top down and gettin honked at with <propfemale> & lizzy!!!
should not be up this early! when the ground is still wet from dew i should not be alive!!!
everybody dies famous in a small town   
wow! this week flew by! not quite ready to go yet! gonna miss you guys all over again!
going home 2morrow and i already miss this place!!! love you guys!!!
is it always gonna be this way? wonder if you think about me as much as i think about you   
i don't know what to do about anything 
is happier than you could ever imagine!!!
15 days!!!
 playful  lol
still around 
think i need to do some password changin!!! what time?
i think all those years of wishing on shooting stars are finally paying off     laugh 
"i want all of you, for ever, you and me, every day  ~ the best movie ever!!!"
"<(i want all of you, for ever, you and me, every day  ~ the best movie ever!!!)> waitin for <propmale> to get ready so we can go to beebe  why is it that a person thinks of one of the saddest movies ever when they're in the saddest mood ever? it just makes the tears fall harder   "
tired of pretending everything is okay when it's not  time to stop praying and trying so hard for something i'm never gonna get  you know how bad it hurts to love someone even though you know they will probably never return your feelings? but i'm not gonna stop loving you and i'm not gonna take it back  i'm jst gonna tell you i'll be here if you ever change your mind 
i'm sorry for everything    forgive me?
at <propfirst>'s!!! glad i'm not sick anymore    starting work sunday   
if you're a bird i'm a bird!
"isn't it funny how one person can love you with all their heart and you don't love them back, but then it really bites you in the ass when you love someone who doesn't love you back    isn't love cruel!"
"isn't it funny how one person can love you with all their heart and you don't love them back, but then it really bites you in the ass when you love someone who doesn't love you back    isn't love cruel! i guess alls fair in love and war because sometimes love is a war   "
"finally happy again! at <propfirst>'s, lol wouldn't let him go to bed so now he's eating   "
"okay, so it's way to early and my eyes hurt    stupid <propfirst>! ~ lol"
"thanks guys! yeah, birthday's tomorrow! too bad i gotta work from 11 to 5!  sad  can't believe i'm turning 18!!!! this will so be the best birthday ever!!! so happy! i so love my life!"
"thanks everybody!!! so, i'm workin 11 to 5 all week    blah, my feet already hurt!"
"blah, blah, blah!!!"
i so need to get back on my prozak    all that goes through my mind are things that break my heart    how do i make it go away?
"omg!!! i'm tired, my feet hurt, and it's been a horrible day, but it's gonna be a great night!!! i love my life and i'm gonna make everything go back to the way it was!"
sittin at <propfirst>'s drinkin coffee    i'm so happy!
i guess bcuz i'm so happy i've decided to feel a little froggy!!!!
wow! i don't even know!
i'm so happy!!! man! i look so good in love!
at <propfirst>'s!  smile  my whole body hurts from workin!
at muh baby's house!
 laugh !!! yay! what a great day! still at muh baby's house!
why can't it be weekend all the time?!
very content   
at baby's!!!  smile 
   where to begin   
i wanna be your everything!
at baby's again!  smile  it's been a long week at work!
"is thinkin it's time for a blanket, a fireplace, and a cup of hot chocolate! it's so cold!"
sick of goodbyes! i'm gonna miss you guys so much!
i've decided that i'm not getting attatched to anyone else  i'm way too emotional to make friends and have to say goodbye 
don't think i don't think about it   
"hush mode! headache! or better yet, body ache! i'm hurting all over!"
"so, i was sick at my stomach all day! went and took a nap in <propfirst>'s room til just now, but it's ok, i finally feel better!"
s o s !!! isn't that a signal for help?! i need help!
"so ready for thanksgiving food!!! yum! drooling for pecan pie! ready to see my mommy!!! miss you and love you! thanks for helping me pull through last night  so, we camped out so we could get up and go hunting this morning and i woke daddy up at 4 smile 0 and then, we all went back to sleep! so no big bucks yet!"
"you can't fall in love if you're afraid of getting hurt  believe me, i know  you have to be willing to get hurt to fall in love  but in the end, i guess that's what love is about-- trusting someone with all your heart not to hurt you  so no, i'm not afraid  i love you  do me a favor    don't be afraid   "
it's funny    i spent 18 years trying to grow up and now that i am grown up all i want is to b with my mommy when i get sick! how sad   
"i fell head-over-heels for a guy once    turns out, it didn't work out too great    in the end, i landed face first on concrete and it shattered my whole world    maybe this time's different  i guess because this time i know to watch where i fall   "
at my mom's! so ready for the good food tomorrow! wish things were a little different right now  i'm not sure how things are gonna turn out   
"\love bears all things \"" ~ right?"""
hmmm    why does your voice make me so happy?
"it's funny, i've always felt like i could tell you anything  maybe you were the one person who would never judge me   "
i'll be anything you want!
wow    don't know what to think   
"hate leaving on bad terms, but what else could i do?"
i feel like everyday another piece falls off of my heart 
"so, i'm feeling a little better about things today  now i just can't believe i finally grew a pair  and i can't thank <propmale> enough for letting me stay with him!"
everything's gonna be alright    i'm a big girl now  it's a little scarey to think that!
"hah! yay! <propmale> fixed my computer!!! so, fissin go to my xmas party for work    then gotta come home and do laundry! yay   "
hmm    what do i want for breakfast? i need mountain dew!!!
wonder what i'm gonna do tonight  house all to myself  looks like i'm either gonna be bored or keeping myself busy 
laundry!
"wow! this \on my own\"" thing just might drive me crazy!!! i hate being alone in this big house  it makes me sad   sad  i hate you <propmale> for working nights!!!"""
yay!!! another day at sonic   then after work i have to go to a meeting for sonic  eventful day   
my crazy boyfriend and his need to do things that are probably gonna get him hurt! lol   
"work til 5, then going to <propfirst>'s for the night  i'm so ready for the weekend!"
at home    waiting   
what a great night     laugh  love spending time with him!
"doing laundry, cleaning house, fixing up my new room, and waiting for my bubba to get home!"
yay! weekend! finally!  laugh 
with my baby! so happy to be spending time with him!  smile 
you'll love me one day! and i'm here when you decide you do 
why does everything have to be so complicated? and still i'm just so happy to have you that i don't care   smile 
"right now, i hate everything  what's the point?"
"it doesn't matter what i've done, you should love me  it doesn't matter where i've been, i should be able to come home  and daddy, me and you have got a lot of making up to do  and you won't pick up the phone, so i don't know    ~ my version of <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>'s song  i love you daddy "
"so, i had a great christmas with my mom! now i'm ready to head home and play with the puppy i got from <propfirst>!  laugh "
 smile  happy! teehee!
i wish i could be one of those people who can just have fun and not worry    too bad i guess 
teehee! <propfemale> is asleep on my lap! she's so sweet when she's asleep  she's not too sweet when she bites my pant legs when i walk though!
"the best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds, and that's what you've given me  that's what i hope to give to you forever  ~ the notebook ~"
"if all else fails, blame it on the little people in your head   "
lol! figured what ctrl + w does! try it 
i'm so ready for august! can't wait to have my beautiful wedding with my wonderful <propfirst>!
if you're sleepin are you dreamin? if you're dreamin are you dreamin of me?
"when i'm with you the whole world stops spinning, but just long enough for me to realize that sooner or later it's gonna start right back up "
"book, blanket, bed! night world!!!"
hmmmmm    idk   
a smile is a small curve that straightens out everything 
<propfemale> in wonderland!!!! imax 3-d tonight!
finally back home  missing you already baby!
stayin home today  got lots of laundry and unpacking to do  so happy to finally be home!
what a great day!  laugh  i really had no idea! i love being back home! i do definantly have to get a phone though 
bedtime! big day tomorrow    miss you baby!
off to stuttgart for a bit 
"and i wouldn't change a thing i'd walk right back through the rain, back to every broken heart on the day that it was breakin', and i'd relive all the years and be thankful for the tears i've cried with every stumbled step that led to you and got me here!"
love is the only shocking act left on the planet  ~ <propfirst>'s day
job hunting in stuttgart today    fun   
our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch 
missin you so bad today baby! can't wait to see you again!
praying for rain! love you baby! gonna call it a night 
"you know how the old saying goes, 'if you love someone let them go or cripple them so they can't get away ' ~ i friggin love <propfirst> from <propfemale>! he's sooo the funniest character!"
i can't get you out of my head!!!
the sound of my heartbeat says your name! i love you so much!
"i have such a wonderful life! i'm so happy to be me and to have you and all these great friends! btw, it was geat to see you today ash!"
happy easter!!!
so ive been sittin in the dark since 15 til 6! i friggin need these lights to come back on!
"things i need to live: air, water, food, and you, but the first 3 don't really count "
holy toledo batman!
fml! so tired of doing nothing!
i wont worry my life away!
you can do no wrong in my eyes 
sometimes i thank god for unanswered prayers 
"i'm not afraid to fall, i just might learn to fly and i will spread these wings of mine "
let it go  let it roll right off your shoulder  don't you know? the hardest part is over 
"rain, rain go away  come again another day!"
i'm keepin you forever and for always! i wanna wake up every mornin to your sweet face!
plain ol <propfemale> told a story bout a man who was too afraid to fly so he never did land!
i hate today  i just wanna go home 
i'm in too deep and i'm tryin to keep all the thought in my head instead of goin under!
had a grrreat day at work  hope tomorrow will be good too 12 to 8 
can you make a mistake and miss your fate?
we can live like <propfirst> and <propfemale> if we want  where you can always find me and we'll have halloween on christmas and the in night we'll wish this never ends 
don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head!
sometimes i still wake up fightin mad at where this road i'm headed down might lead  i guess thats just the cowboy in me 
"when all our tears have reached the sea a part of you will live in me, way down deep inside my heart  the days keep coming without fail "
now what?
if you never saw me again -- what is one memory you have of me?
i've tried all i can imagine  i've begged and pleaded in true lovers fashion  now i've got pride and i'm takin it for a ride 
"i don't know why i act the way i do, like i ain't got a single thing to lose  sometimes i'm my own worst enemy  i guess that's just the cowboy in me "
"the best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, it plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds "
goodbye may seem forever  farewell is like the end  but in my heart's a memory and there you'll always be 
"i pray your brakes go out runnin' down a hill\i pray a flower pot falls from a window sill\and knocks you in the head like i'd like to\i pray your birthday comes and nobody calls\i pray you're flyin' high when your engine stalls\i pray all your dreams never come true\just know wherever you are, <propfemale>, i pray for you!!!"
"i don't feel bad anymore  i may have been the one to let you go, but you were the one stupid enough not to <propfemale> on  i'm great and i deserve great  i gave you way more chances than you deserved and way more chances than other people have had  so good luck cause it's really not my loss "
i could just do back flips i'm so happy! love this single thing  why didn't i think of it sooner?
so missed hangin out with these people 
"you had my heart, now i want it back  i'm starting to see everything you lack  boy you blew it, you put me through it  i wanna undo it!"
more than anything i hate the way that now i hate no one to talk to when my whole world goes blue 
praying for all those families at the camp ground 
blah! 11 to 7 
"two little mice fell in a bucket of cream  the first mouse quickly gave\up and drowned  the second mouse, wouldn't quit  he struggled so hard\that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out \gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse "
"if at first you don't succeed, \skydiving is probably not for you "
"when i'm feeling down, i like to whistle  it makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself "
"today, i saw a commercial for the snuggie  i thought it was stupid\idea, but i couldn’t change the channel because i was under a blanket\and i didn’t want my arms to get cold…"
"inflatable pool full of dad's got air, i was 3 years old splashin everywhere, and so began my love affair with water!"
i could really use a wish right now 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
happy fathers day  wish you would talk to me  love you dad 
you'r better as a memory than as my man   smile 
i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish to take me to a place much simpler than this!
"tell\a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe\you   tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch it\to be sure "
you know life's good when you see a shooting <propfemale> and you don't know what to wish for   smile  guess i have everything i need for now 
"consider me a memory  consider me the past  consider me a smile in an old photograph, someone who used to make you laugh "
"i have been blessed with so much more than i deserve, to be here with the ones who love me and to love them so much it hurts!"
spending time with my wonderful mother who i love so much! then back to work tomorrow 
"if every word i said could make you laugh, i'd talk forever!"
here's to the past they can kiss my glass!
"my momma said, you can't hurry love no you just have to wait! she said love don't come easy  its a game of give and take!"
the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us 
momma said there'll be days like this!
yum! chicken and dumplins!!!
i'm so lucky to be in love with my best friend!
why did the cheese stand alone?
"if you need a lover and a friend, baby i'm in "
had a magnificent day with my hunny! back to work tomorrow 
i guess thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano   smile 
it gives you wings!
"me? i'm scared of everything  i'm scared of what i saw, i'm scared of\what i did, of who i am, and most of all i'm scared of walking out of\this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way i feel\when i'm with you "
wow! didn't see that one coming 
another day at work  at least i know it can't be any worse than yesterday 
"i don't know when forever will come  all i know is, i wanna be with you when it does   smile "
"if you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly   smile "
so i had like the weirdest dream ever last night about people i haven't seen in years!
its funny how hearing one song can take you back so far in time to some of your best memories 
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you  go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common sense  never let your prayin knees get lazy, and love like crazy!!! i  love  you!"
"i've got to give credit where credit is due  i thank the bank for the money, thank god for you!"
had a dream about sonic and all my buddies there  oh how i miss you all! gonna have to go to searcy and visit soon 
"we are what we repeatedly do  excellence, then, is not an act but a habit "
"<propmale> and <propfirst>, you were two of the best people i've ever known  i'm praying for both your families  there's no doubt in my mind, you're with god now "
"i want to make sure everyone i love knows how much i love them, just in case i'm not here to tell you all tomorrow  i think <propmale> and <propfirst> have everyone thinking about just how important every second is  i love you both and i know god has lifted both your beautiful souls into his arms  i am praying very hard for the colemans and the murhpy's "
i love you <propmale> and <propfirst>  rest in peace  i always knew you two would be together forever     ¡-;-
''the brigade has blown another tire! we are outta gas!'' lol i love it!
i'm not afraid to fall  i just might learn to fly and i will spread these wings of mine!
for every dream that's shattered another one comes true!
somedayp the sky is so blue i feel like i can talk to you 
''i'd like to rip off your head and spit in your neck!'' but god makes me able to resist that   smile 
"next time my name is in your mouth, swallow it!"
i'm the type of person who laughs at my mistakes    so pardon me if i laugh in your face!
lover feeling like this one day of the year is all about me!
thank you everybody for the great birthday wishes! just wanted to let you know that you all had a part in making this the best birthday ever!!! so who's gonna throw the party?!
yesterday was such a great day  why did today have to come along and ruin it?
"''do not let the sun go down on your wrath, nor give place to the devil ''"
 smile  two days off and i'm sure gonna enjoy them! gonna go stay with my best friend tonight to celebrate my birthday!  smile 
why on earth did i say yes to working on my day off?
at a loss for words! sporting goods is so darn busy! pretty sure wal mart is packed today! why did i answer my phone?
"tears may flow in the night, but low comes in the morning   "
how do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you were born to fly?
"i try to say goodbye and i choke, try to walk away and i stumble  though i try to hide it, it's clear, my world crumbles when you are not near!!!"
four hours on the road then five hours of sleep  hope i can stay awake today 
"i don't see what anyone can see in anyone else, but you "
"if you love someone, you say it  you say it right then, out loud  otherwise the moment just    passes you by   "
i like it on the bedroom floor 
i will sail my vessel until the river runs dry   
i'd love nothing more than to spend forever making that wonderful smile spread across your face! ecf!!
"my grandma passed away this morning; oddly enough, i'm somewhat jealous about all the people she's going to get to see  i hate that she's gone and it's very painful for me, but i'm so glad she isn't hurting anymore  i'm going to miss her very much, until i can reunite with all of them someday  i love you grandma and rip forever "
when it's cold outside show the world the warmth of your smile!
if i'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that i am?
listen to your gut    it won't lie to you like your heart will   
"pretty sure people who whistle when they make the \s\"" sound shouldn't be on the radio   """
"''you guys are gonna eat that whole lamp, then you're gonna feel stupid for eating a lamp!'' lol i love my family "
"everytime we say goodbye, i die a little "
"i\ remember the day you passed away  although i loved you dearly, i \couldn't make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working \hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me, he only takes the \best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven that you \miss every day "
i've decided i'm thankful for all the crappy people who have ever been in my life  you make the good ones seem so much better! happy thanksgiving!
because of you i find it hard to trust not only me but everyone around me   
pretty sure i love my job! get to spend all day with duck hunters! heck yes!
anyone have a thermometer? i think i've got some hog fever!
l-s-who? pretty sure the hogs are winning! too bad i'm in a tent with tiger fans 
"ahhhh another wonderful day of duck season! i've never been a duck <propmale>, but i think i might start   wink "
"even on my weakest days, i get a little bit stronger "
i guess i was just so caught up in who i thought you were that i didn't stop to figure out who you really were  i deserve better   
my heart will never be the same but i'm tellin myself i'll be okay 
when you kiss me like this i think you mean it like that and if you do baby kiss me again!
hey friends!!! please change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character of your childhood  and invite your friends to do the same  the purpose is to not see a single human face on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories supporting the cause to fight child abuse!!
happy that i finally have a day off and even happier that i'm spending it with you   smile 
''a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush '' what the heck does that mean?
faith is believing something more than what you know 
"wonderful day with my baby! if i fall, will you let me down easy?"
home at last! now all i want is a nap  so glad i have tomorrow off to relax!
you're on my mind today  i can't remember ever being this happy just thinking about someone   smile 
our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch 
so excited! i finally get a whole day with you! i've missed you so much!
the last place you want to be in a foot race is behind the guy with no foots!
ok i love christmas just as much as anyone but this music has got to stop!
back to work today    now everyone is going to be returning gifts  when are things gonna go back to normal?
five years ago today i lost you  i still find it hard to wake up some mornings because i know you're gone  i've been here too long without you i still miss you dearly and you're still on my mind everyday i love you very much and will still be missing you everyday until we meet again  with all my love from your sunshine girl 
"with all do respect, that idea aint worth a <propfemale> painting of a whale and a dolphin gettin it on!"
"to be free means to have nothing to lose  no, i am not free, i have everything to lose  i have the most wonderful people in my life! i don't know what i'd do without any of them! i love you all so much!"
i have no idea how i got a saturday off but i'm defiantly not complaining! gonna spend some long overdue time with my wonderful family  i could not be happier with my life!
pretty sure i need to take my pictures  i need lots of memories when i'm this happy!
i love my baby! - <propfirst>
having a wonderful day with my future husband!  smile 
workin 2 to 10 today then i get a three day weekend  time to catch up on some much needed r&r!
"lord when i get to heaven, can i taste the milky way? i don't want to come to visit cause i'm coming home to stay  and i can't wait to see my family and meet jesus face to face! and do you lord you could use just one more angel to help pour out the rain?"
spending my three day weekend in searcy with my daddy!  smile 
"well let me just quote the late-great colonel sanders who said, \i'm too drunk to taste this chicken \"""""
"so when you say psychosomatic, you mean like he could start a fire with his thoughts?"
"so if i walked into walmart and pulled the tag off a pillow, would i really get in trouble with the law?"
i'm so ready for august! can't wait to be mrs  <propfirst> cox!
i never knew what it meant to truly love someone until you came into my life  it's so much better than i ever thought it would be!
sometimes you have to take the bitter with the sweet 
you just came into a battle of wits unarmed! you've already lost! haha!
so sick of snow and cold weather! i'm ready for some heat! i need to be in hawaii drinking something out of a coconut!
finally getting to spend the day with my wonderful momma! i feel like i haven't gotten to spend time with her in forever! she woke me up to a big breakfast and a hot cup of coffee and it was great! she's the best! i just love her so much!
it's days like this that bring me back to august 7th all over again  it really puts things in perspective  i love you <propmale> and <propfirst> and i miss you both so much  god taught me a valuable lesson when we lost you  i know now not to take anything for granted and to tell people everyday how much i love them  i'm praying for the <propfirst> family and all of <propfemale>'s friends 
"i melt, every time you look at me that way! it never fails, anytime, anyplace!"
"i'll make you happy, make your dreams come true, go to the end of the earth for you, to make you feel my love   "
it's such a beautiful day! i love seeing the sun shine down on all these happy faces on <propfirst>'s day! hope everyone is enjoying ot as much as i am!
had a wonderful <propfirst>'s day! work 1 to 10 then i'm off for two days! heck yeah!
"if at first you don't succeed, sky diving is probably not for you   smile "
blah! work    i'm just ready to be with <propfirst> again  everyday is great when i'm with him!
"happy birthday nanna  you'd have been 60 today  it's hard to believe that it's been six years since you've been able to hold my hand and tell me everything is going to be alright  you know, sometimes when i'm feeling low, i can feel your arms around me  i miss you more than you can imagine  i love you forever  until we meet again "
only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible 
i miss the good ole days when i looked forward to the weekend   
"finally, a day off! it's so nice outside today!"
"gonna spend the day with <propfirst> and might i say, it's about time!"
i am determined to have a good day today  scratch that    a great day! everyone should smile real big!
there is only one father and that is the holy father  there is only one race and that is the human race 
just saved a little turtle from becoming road kill  gonna call him donatello! brought him home in a box for my mom   smile 
we may not have it all together but together we have it all 
"man i knew i'd need the kleenex for this one, but twenty minutes into it and grey's anatomy already has me crying "
looks like the sun may make an appearance today  unless that's an april fool's joke 
"ah, beautiful sunshine! it's been so long!"
nearly everyone gets twitterpated in the springtime! i love this movie!
because of you i forgot the smart ways to lie  because of you i'm runnin out of reasons to cry 
"if my friends started writing on my walls at home i probably wouldn't let them come back; on facebook however, it's pretty cool "
