165aee4c58fdee725a773033b30ba469
i  love  ibc
played an 8 hour game of empire earth (nerdy yet awesome computer game) and just finished 
nighttime + sleedding at murdock & slater + white castle = awesome
nighttime + sledding + murdock + slater + 6 juniors + <propmale> + white castle = awesome
family's gonna be home sometime tonight 
sox are garbage
's family is coming home in 2 hours!!!
needs to start cleaning    ugh 
"is looking outside, but doesn't see the sunshine    i don't like rain "
"needs some sleep, or mafia wars to work   "
"should really go to bed now  vbs in the morning, frisbee, choir, then bible study in evening "
is going to bed   
going to bed  weights tomorrow at 6 
"go, cubs! go! go, cubs! go! hey chicago! what do you say? the cubs are gonna win today!!! 6-5!!!"
"long day, need some sleep"
cubs win! cubs win!
hoping to see some cool lightning  come on thunderstorm!
wind is picking up  look's like a storm's headed this way! woo-hoo!
"liked the thunderstorm, wishes it wasn't over "
watching the u s  open  why do the best players in the world not hit fairways?
had a wonderful 2 1 2 hour nap!
is feeling sick    ugh 
"had a great time at practice! could use some cold water, though "
two days to <propmale> 
one day to <propmale>  i need to get packed   
"had a great trip to <propmale>, black hills, mount rushmore, badlands, but is glad to be home!!!"
watching the matrix  
"doing nothing today    did you know, that 183 years ago, today, the second and third us presidents, <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> adams, both died "
"might go watch the fireworks, even if it keeps raining   "
going to bed   hope i can sleep
it's sunday!
"tired, hungry, and ready for football tomorrow"
football at six    wonderful 
"tired, probably going to watch tv and then bed  might go on a bike ride around lafayette tomorrow, but that's looking doubtful, due to <propfirst>'s baseball tournament   "
the cubs are still gonna win  big inning right here 
alright there we go
"screw you, <propfirst> pujols  why are you good?"
"the cubs are still going to win, though "
so the week begins   
"going to bed, be at church at 7 smile 0  smile "
"getting ready for football, need another nap "
"knee sore, but hoping to play tonight"
leaving in 40 minutes  need to ice knee
"is tired, weights tomorrow, then maybe lake for night!"
eating lunch  yumm  
going to the fair tonight 
"wow, <propfemale>'s being insane  scary little children   "
going to en <propfemale>  yumm  
"ate en <propfemale>'s food yumm, and now has his driving test scheduled   smile "
"going to the lake, be back tomorrow!"
is wondering why all the incoming freshmen from st  <propfirst> are retarded   
going to bed  church at 8 smile 0 
"wants to watch spongebob, not fairly oddparents   "
watching cubs and brickyard 400 
"worked on the bike today, starting to work real nice   drive test tomorrow evening   "
going to bed  hoping to test out bike tomorrow  drivers test in evening 
"taking the bike out for a test ride, hope it stops and doesn't fall apart "
passed driving test    bike that i've been fixing doesn't work(stupid wheel) need to fix    written test tomorrow 
"<propfirst> <propmale> singing \take me out to the ballgame???\"" she needs to stick to winning gold medals in gymnastics and not sing to much(especially at a cubs game) hahaha"""
has done what seems like absolutely nothing today  probably gonna take written test when dad gets back from work   
oh no!!! spongebob! stop the nematoads!!! the'll eat your house!
they see me mowin' my front lawn 
know's what song needs to be on the next gh rockband game     <propmale>buquerque - weird <propmale> yankovic   
all hail! the magic conch!
going to eat supper  again  and it's gonna be delicious  cereal is probably on the menu tonight  smile 
going to bed  written test and then lake tomorrow  hopefully gonna catch a lot of fish if the thunderstorm and ensuing cold front don't cause them to stop biting
"written test, then lake till sunday!!!"
"great week! wednesday - sunday fishing at lake, cedar point on saturday! not ready to return to football tomorrow   "
practice at 4  then another practice at 7   fun stuff 
"really wants the storm to last all day, but i don't know if that would be good or bad "
"practice later, then food "
"enjoying the day off, needs to sell cards tomorrow "
"going to the cws in half an hour  cubs need some runs    fast(at least they're in co, so it can happen)"
no! <propmale> kenobi! don't confront vader!
is wondering how <propmale> get's his lightsaber   
football practice   
"hates broncho gold cards, and hates himself for thinking that he could sell them at the colt "
"feels like going to bed, final frisbee tomorrow, then practice "
"is beginning to think that nobody he knows is in any of his classes  kinda sucks  oh well  at least <propfirst>'s gonna be in the same course as me, same room, but one hour after me    that kinda sucks  stupid black 3 english, actually stupid me for not trying in an easy course two years ago  easy a this time though   smile "
football practice
dad found my wallet! hooray!
 love  the eagles for signing vick
going to bed  arrgh! pirates tomorrow 
scrimmage sometime after six  gotta be there at five   arggh! pirates   
"watching the news, going to bed  church tomorrow, then nothing  probably "
don't know what i'm doing this evening  hopefully something better than dreading school 
needs a haircut 
going to bed soon    maybe  watching i robot 
not riding the bus today  probably  rain!!!!!
might ride the bus today  football after school 
going to bed  church and other stuff tomorrow
"cleaning my room, physics, then golf with <propfirst> and <propfirst> "
no more homework  need to set up the wireless internet on the wii   smile 
going to bed  have to be at <propmale> at 6 smile 0 tomorrow for weights   
planning on going to bed soon  good day tomorrow 
"going to bed  school tomorrow, then practice, then maybe watching the volleyball game(if it's at home, which it is) and then gonna get ready for gameday "
guitar hero now  food later   smile 
thinks that vick haters suck! mv-7
"mom's home, and she has magnifico's!!!"
yumm   magnifico's is superdelicious 
going to bed  weights tomorrow 
"getting hair cut, then lake for weekend"
feeling good 
is going to bed  sometime  weights tomorrow morning 
guitar hero 
mmm     chinese food 
going to bed  maybe 
going to bed  gameday tomorrow!!!
tired and going to bed  fca tomorrow and then game in the evening 
<propfirst>! don't jump!!!! purdue should have won 
just saw an amazing <propfirst> hansborough commercial 
tired  and hungry 
"is tired, watching football "
going golfing later 
wishes he would have drafted <propmale> schaub in fantasy   
cleaning
is sleeping  while on facebook  don't ask me how i get it done 
"my name is     \relampago blanco!\"""""
dodgeball!
"tired, gonna ice the ankle  weights tomorrow "
does anybody know <propmale> abrams's phone number?
gonna go get my brain looked at  fun   smile 
bedtime  new week  colts are killin  unfortunately 
needs to do a stupid paper    blargh 
sucks at writing speeches the day before they're due 
going to crypts of terror at 8
"headache, can't go back to sleep  fun "
purdue's gonna dominate today  maybe 
"purdue won!!! (i know that i'm about 3 &1 2 hrs late on that one) and donkey basketball is extremely difficult, but hilarious all the same"
"tired from a day of football watching, donkey riding, and chili eating"
really needs to go to bed   
is wondering how many times he's changed his status today    like seven?
happy sunday!!!
going to bed
arr!
rockin with some skin showin on the side of my cranium       =: )
"really wants to go to bed, but will, instead, go camping or something of the sort"
getting hyped for dodgeball
really likes pork burgers for dinner  smile 
retiring now  gute nacht!
three days until __________ 
needs somebody to become his 500th friend on facebook!!! i need awesome suggestions!!
gotta write a fun reader response tonight > sad )
really needs to start his reader response   
can't write a single <propfemale>!!!
"finished his paper, finally  maybe i shouldn't take breaks to watch movies and baseball games  "
playing pokemon  dominating 
beasting with butterfree
gonna dominate koga in a few   
doesn't like the darkness   
is tired of the darkness  does anybody have some flares?
"junk keeps arriving in the mail, from that world-wide garage sale"
"<propmale> high school boys basketball!!! i'm selling christmas wreaths to help support the basketball program at <propmale> high school  prices are from $25-$90, and is a great buy  if you are interested in helping continue the success of this program, please contact me, eiter on facebook, or call at (765)474-5533  thanks!"
"<propmale> high school boys basketball!!! i'm selling christmas wreaths to help support the basketball program at <propmale> high school  prices are from $25-$90, and is a great buy  if you are interested in helping continue the success of this program, please contact me, eiter on facebook, or call at (765)474-5533  thanks!"
going to play some pokemon! gotta catch 'em all!
"<propmale> high school boys basketball!!! i'm selling christmas wreaths to help support the basketball program at <propmale> high school  prices are from $25-$90, and is a great buy  if you are interested in helping continue the success of this program, please contact me, eiter on facebook, or call at (765)474-5533  thanks!"
gotta go sell some wreaths   
going to sell wreaths in the pitch-like darkness    i am a paintball master   
<propfirst>'s the only male ripke playing basketball now   
"\god's voice thunders in marvelous ways; he does great things beyond our understanding \"" job 37:5"""
going to dq!!!
football banquet tonight
hungry   
hungry!!!
needs something to do tomorrow besides watch football and eat  maybe get my mohawk cut?
"i enjoy how i had two prior statuses which just said the word \hungry\"""""
ich habe hunger 
ate a quart of ice cream and now it's time for dinner 
possibly wants to go see the bane of his existence    high school musical
wants to cut his arms off so that he never has to do curls like that ever again
is hungry again
mmm  soup! mri tomorrow night
i need to do my english
gonna do some homework
"facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>"
had a good day  red day tomorrow 
girls <propmale> hoops semifinal tonight
"the girls got crushed, west side dominated in football, and i'm about to eat some delicious pizza "
watching some football
purdue is going to dominate in about 2 hours and 28 minutes
"found out that the \numa numa\"" song is in romanian   """
"lift up your eyes to the heavens,  look at the earth beneath; the heavens will vanish like smoke, the earth will wear out like a garment and its inhabitants die like flies  but my salvation will last forever, my righteousness will never fail  <propmale> 51:6"
busy three day week    2 speeches and 2 essays 
the bears better win this game   
i am a mole and i live in a hole!!!
i had a good day  lots of fun homework projects to do
"once there was an ugly barnacle  he was sooo ugly, that everyone died  the end "
"thinks that he needs to finish his visual aid box thing for his literature presentation  i need to finish the book, too"
happy 26th of november!!!
i had a superb day 
hate my computer!!!
needs to go to bed  church tomorrow!!!
|:{d>
three weeks of school before christmas break!!! |:{d>
 love  s coco wheats
go saints
going to bed
going to take a shower  failed at not facebooking for a week 
"sitting at home, mom's car broke down taking <propfirst> to indy, dad went to go get them, so i have no ride to church this morning "
gonna put a pokemon as my profile pic to make <propfirst> house mad 
beasting my finals  95% english and 93% physics 
<propmale> needs to step up their post game   laugh 
realized today that <propfirst> has no muscles in his upper body 
just learned that his family has possesion of a 45 of spirit in the sky  yes!!!
loves finding awesome records randomly and then playing them 
"church in 1 and a half  listening to chicago, and i now love the record collection in my house "
best christmas food ever!!! mom is an awesome cook!
go to the <propmale> game tomorrow night at warsaw 
go to the basketball game tonight at warsaw 
been asleep all day  i didn't even stay up that late
"dear wisconsin, play defense and keep running the ball  thanks, <propfirst>"
"wants the saints to win, but it wouldn't be too bad if they and the falcons lost and chicago could get home field advantage  laugh "
purdue game  boiler up!
basketball game tonight  thinking about sledding   laugh 
white out the <propmale> game tonight  go bronchos!!!
"going back to school, choir then track, > sad  "
bulls and blackhawks won  basketball game tomorrow night  be there and be loud 
going to bed  everybody should go to the game tomorrow night and be loud 
chilling at home  everyone should go to the game tonight 
5 hours to jeff fishers  go bronchos!
"going back to <propmale> for football, basketball game later <propmale> bultinck is going to be dominant "
anybody going to <propmale> tonight?
wants to throw outside this week  i need to get my disc form going 
need to get my hair cut
"eating some hotdogs, but are, regrettably, not <propmale>'s famous "
hotdogs which are not <propmale>'s famous are disgusting 
hoping to get some protein powder later  gonna get big  ger 
there are two types of people: one's that finish what they start and
2 hour delays = super awesome!!!
"<propmale>, especially <propmale> bultinck, was dominant in that victory vs  <propmale> "
cold and wet  rain doesn't feel good in january 
wishing that there would be a game tonight 
"nyg meeting at 4, youth group at 6  j-e-t-s! jets! jets! jets!"
<propfirst>! <propfemale>! stop sissy-fighting!!!
<propfirst> ripke and <propfemale> ripke are sissies who can only fight each other   haha  get along 
<propmale> roddick = nastiest serve in tennis  ever 
good day  probably weights tomorrow before school  track after 
go no!!!
"psalm 150:1a \praise the lord\"""""
saints!!!
"\praise the lord\"" psalm 150:1a"""
"no, i would not like to use facebook in espanol, thank you "
yes!! modern marvels   potato??? finishing my english paper(due tomorrow)
learned today that a snorkel and mask are not proper attire while attending basketball games  they also are very interesting 
"wrestling sectionals tomorrow at <propmale>, and the we're gonna cram crawley as the lady bronchos go for an outright conference title!!!"
leeroyy!!!! jjenkinsss!!!
"praise be to the lord my rock, who trains my hands for war, my fingers for battle  he is my loving god and my fortress, my stronghold and my deliverer, my shield, in whom i take refuge, who subdues peoples under me  psalm 144: 1-2"
"i should probably do my physics homework, but i'll do it later "
"conditioning at 6:15, weights after school   laugh  thursday is supposed to be 39 and partly cloudy, does that mean that we're going outside for track?"
"ready for tomorrow, but not for 6am  that is something i will never like "
planning on sleeping  then an alarm at far to early and hour 
"courage wolf \no vampires in twilight  only <propfemale> fairies \"""""
girl's game tonight  go bronchos
hair cut  looks better than what it did 
had a great day  <propfirst> <propmale> becton is a beast at shot 
food time!!!
go purdue!! boiler up!
the basketball game better not be cancelled tonight  i want to go to avon and watch <propmale> bultinck score 50 points  it's gonna happen 
that's messed up  <propmale> bultinck is going to score 50 points  tomorrow 
having a depressing friday night  why can't there be basketball  people are ment to drive for an hour and a half to reach basketball games in snowstorms 
<propfirst> ripke is killing thousands of naked mutant people on gauntlet: seven sorrows   laugh 
"red out at the game tomorrow night  go bronchos, beat wl!"
"your butt is wide, but mine is too  you better watch your mouth, or i'll sit on you  the word is out, you better treat me right  'cause i'm the <propmale> of cellulite  hahaha"
"fact: right handed people live, on average, nine         years longer than left-handed people "
gonna have a good day  the game better happen tonight 
basketball game tonight  <propmale> bultinck is going to score 50 tonight 
"looked at some pics of 7th grade <propfirst> ripke, and realized that he looked like the biggest stoner in the us "
less than 1 4 of a day until the saints begin their superbowl dominance 
gonna make some jambalaya for the superbowl party  go saints
colts lost!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!! saints are the world champions!!!!!!!! haha all you colts fans!!!!!!!!!
is all jacked up on mtn  dew!!! gonna be awake for the next 24 hours 
maybe gonna try to sleep  probably not going to achieve slumber  track tomorrow 
<propfirst>'s free grand slam
<propfirst>'s free grand slam giveaway should be a national holiday 
wupdischnup (vup dih shnup) : created by <propmale> hieatt and frau golding's r4 <propmale> class  it means all things 
football tomorrow  and weights  and physics  and track  and release!
"bean burrito challenge!!!! 30 bean burritos, 6 guys, one painful hour(and several more later)"
good job st  <propfirst>! good luck tomorrow
maybe gonna do some physics  probably not
basketball then <propfirst> <propfirst> donuts = awesome day 
maybe gonna get to my physics
"good day, still gotta do that physics  probably tomorrow night "
bedtime!
track practice!!
"chick-fil-a = delicious, and there's a game tomorrow  <propmale> bultinck is gonna be killin, and score more than he normally does "
officially doesn't want to wear pants tomorrow  dressing up is not fun 
basketball game then lip sync tonight 
is super duper              no homo
"day tomorrow  physics, weights, history, release, choir and track  church in evening "
ate some en <propfemale> and is getting ready for track  church tonight
gonna watch the spongebob squarepants movie!! i'm a goofy goober!!!  football tomorrow morning
tired  hoping the game's going well  go bronchos  school tomorrow then weekend 
is wondering why sing and playing guitar at same time on guitar hero is so hard 
600 friends  i feel special!
"twinkle, twinkle <propfirst> <propfemale>; i made myself a sandwich; my momma named it <propfirst>; it tastes like beans & bacon; it smells like it's been dead! writing songs is hard so i use a pointy pencil; pointy pointy pointy, pointy pointy point  pee - eww what's that horrible smell? drum solo!!!      "
"still gotta do some physics (isn't that how my life goes right now????) or, i could play video games and then sleep  i'm thinking that is what i'm going to do  purdue beat those who?siers "
spongebob season 3 ep  17 rocks!!!
can't find my keys       sad 
camping episode of spongebob is on!!!!
bedtime!!
feels accomplished today 
missed the sound of thunder and flash of lightning  i am so glad that it is spring!!!
"o lord, our lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth! i will praise you, o lord, with all my heart;  i will tell of all your wonders  i will be glad and rejoice in you; i will sing praise to your name, o most high  psalm 8:9 - 9:2"
pep rally in 1hr 10mins  gonna get hyped for the basketball regional tomorrow
we need everybody to be at <propfirst> tomorrow and be loud to help the bronchos stomp muncie central 
"game time!!! well, almost  get out there and get hyped! game starts at noon"
"bowling  hate dst  stupid idea, <propmale> <propmale>, stupid idea "
"he world's third worst bowler  seriously, i'm terrible at bowling "
holy pie! it's pi day!!!
3 14159265358979323846264338327950288   
"put upe 235 today, feelin kinda beast "
"red day!!! woooooo!!!!! i wish it could be a black day, so that i'd have my easy classes  trackpractice "
trackpractice was really cold and wet  dentist's tomorrow morning
chillin at home and getting ready for track  big broncho little broncho rocks!
will boycott wearing green on st  <propfirst>'s day 
made it through st  <propfirst>'s day w out wearing green!
what a beautiful day to have as a birthday!!!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! ready for a beautiful friday!!!
"no dodgeball  sad   maybe gonna do something, probably not"
great day! going to ft  <propmale> tomorrow
concordia - wisconsin tomorrow! gonna be a long day of driving!
"concordia is <propfemale> nice! and the view of lake michigan isn't so bad, either "
"another great day in lafayette, three days until spring break!!!"
going to bed  blackday tomorrow (yes!)
"great day today (bench250, cleans 230)  choir & track after school"
"so, this kid still has a perfect bracket on cbssport com    that means that whoever he picked is gonna win it all  (purdue)"
"was playing some pokemon yellow, but it died      sad "
finally beat crazy train on e playful ert!!!! wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
re-testing tomorrow  gonna do even better than on wednesday
the perfect bracket is no more   
spring break!!! one week to relax and master the gh skills!!!
why does everybody go to fl for spring break?
bored   
"needs his hair cut, hopes to play some disc golf, tn on wed "
bedtime!!! ready for another super day!
gotta clean up the house and pack  track practice @ 3
trackpractice
"in tennessee(or <propfemale>, we pass the boarder going to our campground) its way too hot!!! > sad "
ga and tn today  don't want it to be 81     i miss tuesday's indiana weather
"hot  resting in the shade, games at 6 and 8"
is boneless chicken considered an invertebrate?
"if con is the opposite of pro, then what is the opposite of progress???"
chillin' in the a c waiting to do something
bedtime in <propfemale>
"returned home, and is now ready for an awesome track season!!!"
"today was tuesday, tomorrow is wednesday, that means that in just under 45 hours, first track meet!!"
8 hours until we start track dominance
<propfirst>
needs to write his literary analysis for the great gatsby 
"didn't get to throw disc tonight, but pr'd in shot  5th grade recruitment concert tomorrow morning"
reat day throwing shot(and i wasn't to bad throwing disc either) don't like red days !!! ugh!
fat!
"track meet tomorrow, gonna throw 50' "
church then the lake  track meet tomorrow!
"ready for sunday, but not monday"
black day tomorrow!!!
physics homework    gotta get somewhat caught up!
"got a few physics things done partly done, gonna finish them tomorrow, get 100% caught up!!!"
beast
trackpractice!
"meet tomorrow vs  logansport, gotta get a win!!!"
"going to bed bb-lb tomorrow track meet at logansport, gotta score some points tomorrow"
"good day today, gotta throw far tomorrow!"
"\for the son of man came to seek and to save what was lost \"" <propmale> 19:10"""
"well i've never plucked a rooster, and i'm not too good at <propfemale> pong, and i've never thrown my mashed potatoes up against the wall, and i've never kissed a chipmunk, and i've never gotten headlice, and i've never been to boston in the fall!"
"children can't bathe themselves, are adorable  despite that fact and don't understand a word you say to them  also you  have to pick up their poop    i'd say they're pretty much pets, just  with potential  ------- person to fanpage \when you see a kid on a  leash\"""""
issma state qualifier tomorrow at <propmale> <propmale>    laugh 
"99% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst>  beiber standing on top of a sky scraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 1% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \do a flip you  little girl!\"" then copy and paste this as your status"""
fresh  fresher  freshest  freshershest  <-- what a great word!
blackhawks are gonna win tonight!
go 'hawks!
found a super-awesome amazing four-leaf clover today!
trackpractice
"just about set the world on fire, and maybe himself  mom never told me that gasoline burns that quickly!"
"krusty krab training video  spongebob, season 3: episode 10; watch it "
thinking that monday shouldn't be 45 minutes away
"is going to bed after having a great weekend, maxes start this week!!!"
noblesville relays tomorrow!
"49'6\"",2010-05-12 03:40:46""",165aee4c58fdee725a773033b30ba469,trackpractice!
"insanity: doing the same thing over and \over again and e playful ecting different results  -<propfirst> einstein"
go! go! power rangers!!!
"spring show, day 3!"
one week of 'school' left!
is beast
five days left!
"lafayette <propmale>, sectional champs 2010!!!!"
<propfirst> needs to quit pitching like a little sissy girl  that is all 
"2days, 17hours, 7minutes until summer vacation"
"2days,17hours until summer vacation!"
"2days, 2hours, 38minutes until summer vacation"
is thinking it's time to work out 
1day19hours45minutes until summer vacation
"1day, 8minutes until summer vacation"
enjoyed watching the price is right in hd  time for pizza! trackpractice at 3
"23 hours, 18 minutes until regionals!!! it's about time to beast!!!"
"precal:a, physics:a, english11cp:a, weights:a, varsity:a, ushistory:a, germaniii:a  bam!"
just got a surprising visit from two gentlemen 
"how am i supposed to eat a nutritious meal with no milk, orangejuice, bread, or cookies???"
going to <propfirst> <propfirst> donut's need food badly!
donuts!
can't eat any more! only at an apple fritter and half a donut! ugh!
"time to get hyped, regionals 2010!!!"
"4th!!!! ugh! 6 5 inches away from automatic \state qualification      sad   might get callback to go to state \finals!!!!!"
:nervous as bee:busy  that's an analogy for you 
why does waiting to find out if you made the state finals for shotput suck?!?!?!
was cooking food for tomorrow with mom! i have to be at <propfirst>'s graduation in an hour 
perfect game! <propfirst> halladay!
"on a serious note, i didn't qualify     sad "
bronchobaseball is domination  sectional games at 10 and 7 smile 0 
"bronchos won the first game 5-0, game at 7 smile 0 if weather lets up!"
tired  i need to get into better shape 
tomorrow seems like a perfect day for disc golf w  frenchee & <propmale> & maybe some others
disc golf later 
"had an entire frozen pizza, and is now ready for some disc golf with frenchee"
did a really bad job playing disc golf today 
"track camp at 4, probably going early to throw some  laugh "
track camp! gotta teach 10-13 year old kids to run better than i do
is sitting 
track camp at 4 
football camp at pike 
e-mailing football coaches 
football practice in 1 25 hours!!!
wishes that the blisters on my feet would do a 180 and turn back into callusses   blisters are painful!!!
"got done with football for the day, so i'm guessing that next up is basketball, and then maybe help with trackcamp "
why has batman not arrived from netflix yet??? this is agony!!
just found out that he is a direct descendant of <propmale> chaucer  that's pretty awesome 
practice at 1 smile 0
hungry!!!
"good day today, didn't leave the house at all  basketball game tomorrow "
home!!! i love it!
"just saw two, two, soccer goals at one time  woah!!!!"
basketball practice later
vbs!!!! football at 6  laugh 
football in a bit  smile  it's gonna be hot  sad 
vbs until noon 
basketball at 1 smile 0 
going to sell some cards   i hope 
i sold four!!!
mowed the yard and now i'm chillin  it's a productive friday
"time for some lifting, i think "
"now it's time for a shower, i think "
"laughs at applications that think that i will grow up to be five feet, nine inches tall "
some stupid world cup predictor gave ghana a 51 3% <propmale> of winning  i doubt it 
worldcup!!!!
"rule of thumb: don't mix up vanilla yogurt with plain yogurt, gross!"
"good night of card selling tonight!!! i sold seven, bringing my total card sales to 11, which is a new personal record!!!"
i really need to find something better to do on a summer evening than listening to music and facebook 
beasted at bookworm!!!! 166000 points!!!
lake tomorrow with 1 2 the family  sweet |:{d>
"at the lake, about to go fishing again with <propmale>"
i'm on a boat!!!!!!   just sayin   
just took a shower and still smells like fish    sweet!
going to bed  more lake stuff tomorrow!
"is dissapointed that dead week is almost over    wait, that means that football starts up again! *fist pump*"
7 hours until sports resume!!! wooo!!
30 mins until football resumes!
 smile   that is all
"smile, because i want you to  that is all  oh, and football at 6"
football at 6  it's gonna be nice to hit for the first time in two weeks
"good practice, sore leg  weights tomorrow at 6am"
"\you have to know your stain  have you ever cleaned up after and alpaca?? i have  it was awesome \"" <propmale> steamer commercial """
bed!!! weights tomorrow
absolutely nothing tomorrow  i like it 
one week until nyg!
"if i had money, i'd probably go watch despicable me today, but i don't, so i have nothing to do  sweet"
tired!
tired!
football at six
two days!!!
39 5 hours!!!
37 75hours!!!!
36 5 hours!!!
32 hours!
"total package basketball camp, final day before leaving for nyg!"
currently lives in the (tiedfor) 17th fattest state!!!
15 hours until i get on a bus for 17 hours!!!
in <propfemale> for 2more days
saturday!
time to clean my room
bed     church then lake tomorrow
lake until wednesday   laugh  sweet
"at lake, just woke up, gonna fish or do something productive"
lake  laugh 
food time  laugh  nom nom nom
caught a huge bluegill and a teeny <propfemale> bass  i'm pretty sure the bluegill could eat the bass 
wants to go eat lunch 
hungry!
"philippians 3:14\\i press on toward the goal to win the prize for which god has called me heavenward in christ jesus \"""""
i need a haircut 
still needs a haircut  maybe tomorrow?
i'm liking my first semester schedule already
that was hot 
sore  football again later  laugh 
"i'm tired, gotta drink lots of water"
practice and scrimmage tonight!!!
"so tired, and sore "
"my life sucks, and i love it!"
3-under par in disc golf today!!
football later
football practice a 4!!!
"walkthrough at 9, scrimmage tonight, 7 smile 0 at merrilville "
preparing for war 
it's 12 smile 3 pm
is awesome  practice later
soon to be one(1) day!
gettin pumped
"just woke up, and is wondering where my family is    "
my family's back!!! hooray
"is really hungry, it's a good thing that it's time for dinner"
senior year starts and 8 surprise 5 am edt tomorrow! after school got some serious work to do
mad sad glad  all at same time  pretty much 
film at 8
"pretty good day today  monday, i like you now  as a friend though "
<propfirst> is such a great movie  it's too bad that it is about a notre dame player   
bed 
i can do everything through him who gives me strength  <propmale>  4:13
at isu today to watch some football
isu was awesome last night! at lake for some relaxation 
school time
food then soccer game maybe?
"church, flag football, youthgroup tomorrow "
admiral ackbar for ole miss mascot!!!
bears!!!
"all done with english except a picture, not having markers, or crayons, or colored pencils is the equivalent of not having fun "
sore  that's about it 
"dear <propfirst> marve, don't throw the ball to the people in white and red  they are not you're teammates  sincerely, <propfirst>"
"got 4 5 hours of sleep, and still feels fantastic "
bed time for mr  <propfirst>  that is all 
"they climin' in your windows, they snatchin' your people up  tryna rape 'em so y'all need to hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your kids, hide your wife, and hide your husband, cause they rapin' errbody out her "
bed  school tomorrow  lmlaaf   laugh 
's finger is a bit swollen 
youthnight tonight! finger is still a <propfemale> bit swollen 
"i'm in timeout, because apparently, riding the dog like a small horse is frowned upon in this establishment!!!"
touchdown!!!! broncos!!!!
"nevermind, turnover, broncos : smile  smile ("
"come on <propfirst> orton, i need you to score before halftime so you can beat indianapolis "
feels terrible right now  need bed 
still feels terrible  ugh 
i have a feeling that northwestern is going to dominate minnesota  just saying 
is <propfirst> 
just talked to a guy from the chicago tribune  that's the highlight of my day so far 
"but then i walk in the room, hold my boombox high  what happened next will blow your mind  everything got out of control  the music was so entrancing, everyone got out on the floor  it was a bunch of old white people dancing "
hungry!
still hungry!
"likes that purdue won today, but acls need not be stronger  like maybe <propfirst> hummel's acl?"
mohawk!!!
"bed, gonna get that w tomorrow night"
w!!!!!!!! that is all
that's a w!!!!!!!!!!!!! 34-33
"we got ours, now it's time for soccer, volleyball, and marching band to get their's too "
good luck to all broncho athletes and musicians competing today!
"no school tomorrow, and yeah, football!"
"\i can do everything through him who gives me strength \"" philippians 4:13"""
"deu 31:6 (niv) - be strong and\ courageous  do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the lord\ your god goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you "
monday 
"tuesday, soon to be wednesday "
it's wednesday  i think i like tuesdays better 
is selling christmas wreaths and <propmale> for basketball!! call me or i will call you  have a nice evening and tomorrow  smile 
"hi, my name is russel(joel) and i am a wilderness scout(jeff basketball player)  i am trying to earn my assisting the elderly patch(earn money for our team)  do you need help across the street(a christmas wreath)?"
thursday!!! school time!
"buy a wreath! please  please buy a wreath! doing so will support the <propmale> basketball team  we all thank you in advance, so thank you!"
"two fish swim into a concrete wall  one fish turns to the other and says, \dam!\"""""
<propmale> sarten = best person ever  ate 56 chicken nuggets tonight at chick-fil-a 
college applications and then selling wreaths and doing homework
"oh, dem lions they can eat my body but they can't (slinky!) swallow my soul "
broncho stampede vs  harlem wizards tonight!!!
sunday!
"woke up, ate, and now it's time for more sleep "
is really wishing that i could go to hp7 part 1  it's too bad that i have no money and school tomorrow 
can't make layups!!! way to take care of business tonight bronchos 
is hungry again 
is not hungry  it's amazing what several bowls of cereal can do for your stomach 
hungry for a bedtime snack   nom nom nom nom nom!
<propfirst> ripke has played more varsity basketball than me this year  bronchos win!!!
what's with the <propfirst>?
"10923847298374923874 \stop posting this stupid crap!!!!"
"please snow more!!! and then get us a 2 hour delay, but not a snow day, because that would mean a makeup day  i don't like those "
has conceded defeat in the battle of school vs  2 hour delay  hopefully victory will come during my slumber 
"in rhode island  that's what's up  gonna go do something, maybe mess with <propfirst>'s car?"
christmas time is here!
christmas nativity by the bay and then christmas service  wish there was snow
"<propfemale> is in baltimore, md!"
"<propmale>, ohio, santa's next stop is indiana"
now he's in indianapolis!!!
santa's here!!!
<propfemale>'s in greenland
loaded questions!!!
is <propfirst>  that's about it 
i don't want school tomorrow 
danville all day
da bears!
"went sledding for a long time, talked a complete stranger that was afraid of sledding into sledding, , jumped a ditch on a sled, about froze my toes and fingers off, laid under the stars, and drank hot chocolate  good night "
just found out that the 100 <propfemale> coin that <propfirst> thought he had is actually a korean 100 won coin that is worth 8 9 cents in the us  it still passes as a quarter in vending machines 
it's official  i now speak indiana  my profile says so 
"yes, i did make my profile picture from paint "
"\and we've never been to boston in the fall!!!!\"""""
"saturday, why must you fly by so quickly?"
black day tomorrow  i'm pumped!
dinnertime!!!!
supper and snow!
"dear giant storm, please head a little more south, so that we get snow and not winter mix ice  thanks, <propfirst>"
got stuck in a snowy parking lot at st  <propfirst>  fun times 
loves top gear  and netflix  and two snowdays followed by a two-hour delay
huge day tomorrow  i should be getting off to bed 
wear the name on your chest with pride  lafayette <propmale> basketball
"great win tonight, wear the name with pride! watching the jeff-92 lock-in"
"relaxing today, then planning on watching the packers lose tonight "
can't wait for president's day weekend!
huge game tomorrow  wear the colors with pride  broncho basketball
really busy day tomorrow   laugh 
senior night!!!
one week    basketball sectional 2011!!
lafayette <propmale> varsity singers -- 2011 <propmale> central hoosiet show choir classic concert choir grand champions!!
bed
"when they hurled their insults at him, he did not retaliate; when he suffered, he made no threats  instead, he entrusted himself to him who judges justly  1 <propfirst> 2:23"
is ill 
bedtime!
three games at one time??? i love this year's tournament broadcast format!!!
"94 birthday wishes??? wow! thanks to everyone who helped make this birthday special, including varsity singers, a lot of track teammates, and my parents for getting me this amazing laptop! thank you!!!"
hasn't done anything today  i like it 
that game was sick!!!
is awesome  yeah 
getting ready for track practice
school  that's what's up
spring break is going well 
"is ranked 6,343 in bracket challenge???"
lafayette <propmale> track -- practice tomorrow has been moved to 3 pm 
"track practice, gotta drop some 50s today "
butler bulldogs
"dear butler, win so that my championship game prediction of uconn losing will be correct  and because you're in indiana  and because well, just because  thanks, <propfirst>"
"school, fun fun fun   "
1 day until track meet #1
"clap your hands, all you nations; shout to god with cries of joy  how awesome is the lord most high, the great <propmale> over all the earth! psalm 47:1-2"
school
3 hours > time until track season domination begins 
killed it today  good first meet & good starting point for the season 
"friiiiiday, friiiiiday, gonna get down on friiiiiiiday!"
trimmed the beard a bit  gotta throw a combo of 200' tomorrow
about time for bed  need some rest before the meet tomorrow
why couldn't the weather be this nice at the start of the meet?
"after the meet, i came home and slept all day  i took full advantage of this great weather"
"sunday, sunday! everyone knows it's sunday!!!"
basketball banquet at 3  then servant event meeting afterward at st  <propfirst>
"'s 2010-11 basketball stats: fg%-53 3(2nd best team), ft%-66 7, ppshot-1 13(3rd best team), 65% of rebounds were oboards, only four turnovers on season "
track practice  tomorrow's a big meet
ready to drop bombs tomorrow
"track meet in a bit  huge competition for us and we're gonna need some support so come watch and cheer and enjoy a great sport  if you want the best part, just watch the field events at the north end of the stadium   laugh "
81-51 over the number 18 team in the state??? alright!!!
school  nice
"school, big day today!!"
"dear <propfemale> salazar, i want my throwing shoes back  preferably without getting hit by water balloons  if water balloons will be involved please tell me and i will leave all electronics at home  thanks, <propfirst>"
watched top gear all day and was able to finish off series 14 and 15  now i just have 1-7 to go 
's lungs and throat are on fire    d:
dropped a 147 today in disc  and i'm still stuck at 49(stupid shot)
day # 4 of throat death: not fun
stormin' & it's now bedtime!!!
can school get cancelled for storms??
bible study
"dear chick that was just on extreme couponing: you just bought 93 bags of croutons!!! what are you going to do with 93 bags of croutons???? why 93 bags of croutons???? you are a mentally unstable lady! with all respect, <propfirst>"
kokomo is about to get some revenge from last year 
"it's friiiiiiday, friiiday! gotta get down on friiiidaaay! everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend!!"
why are all of the grad parties for <propmale> people on june 4th from 2-5 pm???
good morning world!!!!!!!!!!
two hours until <propfemale> black day!!!!
"it's friday, friday, gotta get down on friday!!!"
bin laden dead
"it's monday, monday, never have fun on monday!!!"
"dentist appointment  oh, what a joy "
city county 2011 tomorrow   prs goin' down all over the place!
"dear <propfemale> ripke and <propfemale> ply, why are you naming off every random flash video that you have ever seen?"
i'm so pumped for tomorrow!!!! lafayette <propmale> varsity singers issma 2011!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!excessive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
state finals!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"people in comp    what are the questions that need to be answered for the portfolio letter  i know the more daring writer and true revision, i need help with the other two "
"so tired!!! going to bed so that i can continue my hugely busy week tomorrow  gotta memorize some music, go to the citizenship luncheon, teach shot put at tecumseh, and that's just during school  even more to do after "
good morning!
"there should be an option where instead of having a \like\"" button there should be an \""appreciate\"" button  i \""appreciate\"" that """
"bed, gotta get up early tomorrow for church "
"last spring show is over, i cant believe it's been four years already"
"dear facebook spam pages, i am sure that three 7th graders from st  <propfirst> don't have exs to stalk them every hour no thanks on the spam offer  sincerely, <propfirst>"
7
"the day after winning a 7th consecutive track sectional championship, i feel like i need to get some technique in  i also am extremely excited for regionals next week!!!!!!!"
can't wait for tomorrow  north allstar picnic meeting at culver  it's been a great week and i'm looking forward to getting back into the rings on monday 
"had a great day! beast week coming up, gotta be ready for thursday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"breakfast before bed??? i like it  good night facebook, see you tomorrow "
i'm hungry!!!! must have food
snack and then track 
why do cats with socks on their feet not wear any shoes? don't they know they look silly running all over the place with just socks on? silly cats 
bed  maybe another snack  44 hours until regionals
"\and this one's over like oprah \"" greatest line to end a purdue baseball game ever!"""
heard wind from my room for the first time ever  that's awesome!
slept from 6-10 and now can't  at all 
regionals!!!!!!!
"rain, rain, go away  i just want to throw today "
time to go!!!
"is cold, wet, and tired, but has a date with iu's discus ring next friday!!!!!!!"
"it's friday, friday, gotta get down on friday! everybody's lookin forward to the weekend, weekend!"
is unfortunately unable to watch man u vs  barcelona today  d:
grad parties? i think so 
track practice  4 days until state!
"can not wait for next week, where my days will consist of working out, and then laying by the pool  that sounds nice  three more days!!!"
wants to swim at <propmale> ply's house tonight  is that ok?
swimming tomorrow in team sports!!!
"day 1 of finals tomorrow: swimming, a couple of math problems, singing, and wii "
last day of high school  ever!
done with high school!!
"ihsaa state track meet tomorrow @ iu  can't wait! i hope coach <propfirst> griggs realizes that bloomington is on eastern daylight time, not central "
"about to hit the hay  huge day tomorrow, i got the ipod charged and classical music ready to go to pump me up even more!"
today's the day! let's make it happen!!! 2011 ihsaa track state meet!
that was a fun day! thank you to all the people who helped me these past four years  i love you all!
"getting my hair cut, gotta look fresh for graduation  laugh "
graduation day!
class of 2011    we made it!!! thank you to all who helped make these past four years special! and thank you everybody that was able to celebrate with me and my family  thank you!!!
sore! bed and then weights again tomorrow morning 
"disc golfing like a pro  ehh, maybe "
"good day today! just a bit sore, but have a day off from lifting tomorrow  gonna get a jog and hopefully some swimming tomorrow during the day "
bed  workouts tomorrow at 7 smile 0
workouts at 9 tomorrow  kody <propfirst> <propfirst> schlene
<propfirst>'s game in indy for this afternoon  better than sitting around playing xbox like i have every day so far 
is bored  at least week number 1 of summer conditioning is over  laugh   13 days until lvr servant event!!!!!!!!!!!
"some wisdom before i go to sleep    don't do stupid stuff     that's about it, so it's time for some sleep "
gotta get started on the grad parties  busy day today
had a great time at grad parties today  congrats!!!
"grampa, i love you and you will always be missed  <propfirst> ripke 6-12-11"
to the park!!!
had a good day  i'm happy that tomorrow is my day off  laugh 
epic meal time!
i need to go to bed so that i can get a good workout tomorrow morning
had to combine two workouts into one  fun stuff  smile 
"nff banquet was awesome! <propfirst> brees, <propmale> armstrong, <propfirst> cernan, <propfirst> <propmale>  these four guys are inspirational "
had a good day  now it's time for dinner with family  thank you dad for all that you have done!
bed  weights tomorrow at 6 smile 0  kody <propfirst> <propfirst> schlene
whoa! my ipods wifi does work!
what's on your mind?
getting smoked by <propmale> in ncaa basketball
78-65    i got my butt whooped by an 8-year old    i did score 45 with valpos center against jajuan 
bullet bikes are stupid  that is all 
21hours!!!!
do dat dinosawr!!! colorado for the next week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 7hours 20minutes
had a fantastic week  god is great!
happy independence day (aka 4th of july)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so, who has a good spot for fireworks?"
5 hotdogs in 1:42   i need more practice
good night with the family     <propfirst> no hands ripke
i need to clean out the vehicle     it's hot outside and even more so in the car 
"looking forward to a great day  see you around, world "
"has had a wonderful day so far, and everybody is coming home tonight! gotta finish cleaning up though    "
"did you know?? over 38,000 marriages happened in the u s  on this day 4 years ago "
"i feel as though i will enjoy sleep tonight  good night world, see you tomorrow "
good morning!
went to the cove for the first time in about five years  it was fun and i want to do it again 
"my feet got sunburned at the cove  it's now official, i am never taking shoes off  ever "
i'm hungry 
just a note to the world: don't get your feet sun burnt two days before a huge week of football is supposed to begin  it's even keeping me awake right now  ouch!
"me: \if you would put cheese on your teeth and smile you would have a cheesy smile\"" <propfemale> ripke: \""hahahahaha\"" me(again): \""that's such a cheesy joke\"""""
you  netflix  mega shark vs  giant octopus  go to minute 17  love it!
indiana all-star week begins in 15 hours!
football!!!! that week was awesome! it's too bad that we couldn't pull that game out at the end  north pride!
"bed now, leaving for seward in 5 hours   laugh "
1500 <propmale> over 3 days in a <propfirst> with no air conditioning? awesome!!! i had a great time in seward visiting family and concordia 
sad news: pig died from heat at tippecanoe county 4h fair      crying 
i need to work out tomorrow morning  really need to work out tomorrow morning 
"dempster is getting rocked    did you know?: in lafayette it's 97, in florida it's 91  let's go there to cool off "
babysitting!
"fair tonight  in case you didn't know, it's still too hot outside "
i want to watch captain <propfemale>  soon 
it's been a good week 
"got done working down at st  <propfirst>  hanging conduit is loads of fun    oh well, it's been a good day "
what is this water-like substance falling from the sky?? i think that i knew this substance a long time ago 
going to chicago tomorrow to visit with some family  i'm excited!!!
looks like an <propfemale> lumberjack  <propfemale> steiner <propfemale> steiner <propfirst> moya
good morning!
forcing everybody to have a good morning 
looking forward to some lunch!
"need to fix my bike, then maybe some disc golf tonight"
eating chex with a zoo-pals spoon   smile 
"bed, gonna try to do some fun stuff tomorrow "
vh1 right now!
tv all day  some disc golf and mri later
"good \late\"" morning everyone """
happy anniversary to <propfirst> and <propfemale> pike! also a happy birthday to <propfirst>!
hooray! it's raining!!!
two weeks from today i will be moving into my dorm and beginning college football!
"friday! friday! gotta get down on friday!  cool usa, don't let the ugandan little league team compete     messed up"
flamingo zoopals fork?? i think so!
"dear <propfirst> richman, you have 30 mins to eat 2 bites of an omelet  quit complaining and eat        'atta boy"
"great day!!! worked out, youtube all day, mowed  2 weeks until cu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"watching x games 17 and wishing that i could skateboard down an 80' ramp, jump a 50' gap and then do a 900 on that quarter pipe "
i need to make a list the foods i want to eat before leaving
disc golf anyone?
"had fun playing disc golf with <propfirst> french  i like purdue's new course at slater, it's challenging and good exercise  have a nice evening  smile "
"watching the nns race, wishing that i could actually be there and see it "
i'm thinking about shaving my beard           time for contemplation
"a dolphins fan, a jets fan, & a patriots fan are climbing a mountain & arguing about who loves their team the most  the dolphins fan insists that he is the most loyal  ''this is for miami!'' he yells & jumps off the mountain  not to be outdone, the jets fan is next to profess his love for his team  he yells \this is for new york!\"" & pushes the patriots fan off the mountain  repost if you're jets fan!!(im a bears fan)"""
"good morning!!!! i'm going to the lake for the next few days, see you later world  laugh "
lake is b-e-a-utiful!
"went fishing   caught a bluegill   realized that this bluegill was no ordinary bluegill, for it fought like a champ   saw that it was no bluegill, but a huge bass   saw a bluegill tail sticking out of the bass' mouth   when the bass jumped, i reeled in a bluegill   best thing ever!!!"
"it's been an hour since i was out fishing, so it's time"
caught the world's largest sunfish  it is bigger than my hand!!!
truth is        like my status and i will do nothing 
waiting so that i can super spam my baby cousin's wall for her birthday          
has anybody else realized that everybody loves <propfirst> is 87% like real life?
dominated the sundaes on sylvan big kahuna challenge with <propfirst> ripke and <propfirst> mcdonough!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5 smile 7 for a ton of ice cream
loving the lake  gute nacht
"played a pre-bedtime game of kemps with <propfemale> mcdonough, <propfirst> mcdonough, and <propfemale> ripke  it ended in a 5-5 tie when it got out of hand  goodnight!"
naptime  gotta let my food baby sleep   smile 
"skype with <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> schramm "
going to bed  goodnight
packing for concordia + watching game tape = nothing else getting done
watching phineas and ferb: across the 2nd dimension!
shopping for college stuff tomorrow and then cws? i'll take it 
is debating keeping the sideburns which i currently have on my face    just to be different
i need to get to goodwill  cws later tonight
"good job allstars on your win, go get another tm night    only 5 days until leaving for cune!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i was home for about to minutes today, i got a lot of good stuff for college  smile "
"one more full day in lafayette, can't believe summer is ending so soon "
"dear new phone, thank you for reminding me to unplug the charger so that i may save energy  you are very kind   laugh  sincerely, <propfirst>"
cws!!! go lafayette!
spending the night in <propmale>! tomorrow is going to be awesome!
"friday, friday, gotta get down on friday!"
afternoon off?!?!?! win
"chilling in my room, eventually going to sleep  only one practice tomorrow  laugh "
good luck bronchos as you begin this new football season!
mega shark vs  giant octopus!!!
"last night of summer! what am i doing, you ask? sitting in my room and then going to wal mart   laugh "
classes start in just over an hour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! awesome  laugh 
one more class  i'll be done at 2  i like college
done at 1 tomorrow? i like this 
done early with classes  now it's time to get stuff done before practice 
breakfast   laugh 
one more class and then it's all football
come on bronchos  watch the ball 
"way to go, lafayette <propmale> football!!!!"
"pumped up because tomorrow is my first college football game, let's go dogs!"
game day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stat homework for a bit  and then stat class
i don't want to sit in class  again     6 hours of sleep after a game is not enough to make it through the day
stat class in an hour     fun stuff
"i have already planned out my weekend     saturday, all day disc golf     actually, that's as far as i got"
wisconsin is dominating unlv     that's great news for all b1g schools
 sad  i have to go to class   
"everybody went home for the weekend, so i'm chilling in my room  laugh "
watching dumb and dumberer
dumb and dumberer is a great movie! hahaha
thanks to <propfemale> weber for an awesome day in <propmale> and seward 
classes tomorrow  welcome to college 
"dear world, welcome to my life as a concordia university student  i have already had two classes on this beautiful labor day, and i have another in a little over an hour  i hope you enjoy your labor day, as i won't until the jv football game tonight  sincerely, <propfirst> "
"dear body, please stop hurting so that i can do work and sleep  it would be greatly appreciated  thanks, <propfirst>"
happy birthday <propfirst> whalley!!!! it wouldn't let me finish posting 'happy birthday'
"praise at 9, be there "
i'm zero weeks and craving shutup 
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa bears!
"dear colts, i don't really like you, but i suggest putting in <propfirst> painter, someone who at least knows the offense and showed some progress during the pre-season  good luck without peyton  with some respect, <propfirst> "
class is starting  smile 
i like days off!
study hall                                                
"\beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye \"" - miss piggy"""
"\in mexico we have a word for sushi: bait \"""""
14 hours until my journals are due  let's do this
sports center just used a 'more cowbell' reference!!!!
halfway done with my new testament homework!!!
done with my new testament homework!!! now class at 8 smile 0    that'll be fun
the hobbit you just called fat? he's skipping 2nd breakfast  the dwarf woman you called ugly? she spends hours braiding her beard so you can differentiate her from a dwarf man  the uruk-hai you just killed? he's been abused by saruman  see that gollum creature with the gagly limbs&large eyes? for 500 years the ring poisoned his mind  that elf you just made fun of for crying? she just lost her wizard friend to a balrog  repost this if you're against bullying in middle earth
game day! let's go dogs!!!
lion <propmale> tomorrow? it shall be so!
da bears! <propfirst> brees   0-4 vs chicago  make it 0-5! (but please give him tons and tons of yards and maybe a few touchdowns  i need those fantasy points) lion <propmale>  smile 
brees or cutler for the start??? it's so difficult!!!
lion <propmale> 3d is absolutely the greatest movie ever!
homework and then sleep  how about you?
study hall!!!  sad 
good morning!
"in the last 1 hour, my ankle has gotten bigger  i'm not sure how   "
"between school, football, and figuring out facebook, i don't think i will have any free time during the next week "
"happy birthday to my late night homework <propmale>, <propmale> christiansen  dude, it's 2 am already "
boiler up! first purdue game in any sport that i get to watch while out here is a 3-0 vb win over msu
"not travelling this weekend, so i have no idea what to do with myself  this is weird "
the guy doing play-by-play for cune vs  dordt sounds like <propmale> the frog  i find this hilarious 
"we're all tied up! let's go bulldogs, get a 3 and out then take the ball back to the endzone!"
bulldogs win!!! cu 21-7 dordt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bedtime!!
"on september 31st 2011, facebook will start charging you for your account  this was confirmed on the news! to avoid this, you must get naked, stand on your dining room table and do the macarena, all while singing i will survive  then, and only then, will <propfirst> zuckerberg come down your chimney to tell you that your account will stay free  pass it on, it must be true because someone on facebook i hardly know told me "
hitman  this movie's gonna be sick!
that homerun was sick!!!
