93b4ed25b81dac8cfe558081e350d434
ha fixed my internet  laugh  take that virus!!!
"another reason why highschool blows  snow nazis  ur sitting in ur class, you look out the window, you see snow! u jump up and run outof the class  you play in the snow, snow nazi attack!! mean old rent-a-cop calls a real cop and try to lure u into the back seat  then they begin shoveling snow in thier furnaces  fawk skool"
fauk skool 
never seen them in my life but with 34 mutual friends  who the fuck is this kid?!
upon a burning body was amazing last night  blew my mind    
shit happens  we make the best of what gets thrown in our faces 
"love is the answer, but while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions "
"there will be a rain dance friday night, weather permitting "
bad drivers piss the fuck right outa me  damn old man minivan driver doesnt know u take turns at stopsigns and decided to keep on truckin like a little bitch  almost hit me > >               totaly was gonna follow him to his house and scare him but was too lazy 
alright  im bored out of my mind  somone save me
ate a whole box of thin mints  i dont feel so good  sad 
i really didnt e playful ect it to start snowing o o
there is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy
never take life seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway 
is tired of the drama that seems to folo him 
"well, im bored "
i don't want to achieve immortality through my work  i want to achieve it through not dying 
after reviewing how my life has been going as of late all i can say is fuck it all!
it's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance  it is the dream afraid of waking that never takes the <propmale>  it is the one who won't be taken who cannot seem to give  and the soul afraid of dying that never learns to live 
sucks when u find out the girl u love is just toying with you  lol and then trys to say that it was you playing with her  this world we live in is a fucked up one for sure 
haveing the intellegince to over think things and make a dumb decision  would u really call that intellegince or just being a dumbass?
i intend to live forever - so far so good 
"i am a nobody, and nobody is perfect; therefore i am perfect "
good news on my quest for immortality  im still alive so im making progress!!
"the more i live, the more i learn  the more i learn, the more i realize, the less i know "
"i know that you believe you understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what i meant "
"fuck you, job "
the number of people  watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action 
last day of freedom  it feels like such a waste to me  sad 
a fine is a tax for doing wrong  a tax is a fine for doing well 
"when i die, i want to go peacefully like my grandfather did, in his  sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car"
picked up my guitar for the first time in about a year  yup    still suck    was fun tho
"love never dies a natural death  it dies because we don't know how to  replenish its source  it dies of blindness and errors and betrayals  it  dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of  tarnishings "
yeah   i now shred at guitar  im so awesome i shred in my sleep      cuz im dreaming      yeah    
"don't  find the time to cry for me, don't find the words to speak for me,  don't find the nerve to feel for me, just get the fuck away from  me"
has nothing to do today  sad 
fuck skool
"lakdfnpajosdvgupaieja',sndfajkbv-9ueaytpkjdgtp"
obstacles are there to test how badly you want something  and they piss you off as a nice little side effect 
so uhhh <propfemale>    wanna help me out bro? been doing good     shouldnt something good happen to me before to long? hurry the fauk up!!
fuck it all  i need to get shitfaced 
wants something good to happen
there                            will be times when you wish you can go back  to how things used to be but you just can't because things have changed  so much 
take chances  tell the truth   date someone totally wrong for you  say                            no  spend all your cash! fall in love  get to  know someone random  be random  say i love you  sing out loud  laugh at  a stupid                            joke  cry  get revenge  apologize  tell  someone how much they mean to you  tell the asshole what you feel  just fuckin do it 
"i've had many cases of love that were just infatuation,                but this hate i feel for you is the real thing "
speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech  you will ever regret 
"to have the nerve to come up to me and preach about how horrible i am because i create drama after you tell me to leave u alone, and i do leave u alone     what a fucking joke  if u really want it to die    then let it"
got my tux  not gonna lie i look pretty sexy  laugh 
my mind is corroding  nothing is clear anymore  there is no blacks and whites  everything is a shade of grey  annoyed 
is wondering if things really will turn out ok 
is really kinda bored 
fuck yuuuuu job!!!!
"don't listen to me, if you're not ready cuz bravery means more to me \than just fighting"
"this is past the point of words, so grab your guns and follow me   "
"it seems like i try so hard\\but now i don't know what to do\\i can't find someone else who cares\\because i care too much for you "
so    anyone wanna take the pain away?
"this is one part of me, that ill never be able to set free "
graduateing tomorrow  more annoyed than excited tho 
slip n slide at one in the morning?! i think so!!!! water was a little cold tho  surprise 
work at 10 in the morning after an ihop adventure that lasted till 3    today should be amazing    d;
toy story 3 was amazing!!!!!  laugh ddd
all i gots <propfemale> say is my pay check is gonna be phat!  laugh 
about 2 minutes ago my heart nearly e playful loded  i thot i lost my ipod    scariest moment of my life!!!!
"people often say that this or that person has not yet found himself   but the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates   ~thomas szasz"
i am bored  and hungry 
"hey, hey job    fuck you "
i find it hilarious when shallow people try to be deep  and you can tell they are trying so hard because they say and use words they would never usualy consider useing  it makes me giggle  a very manly giggle    but a giggle none the less
"as the days melt togather time should lose its hold\yet i see these seconds stretch to hours\and the continual jepordy of what to fill my day with struggles on and on \this existance is begining to bore me"
saw despicable me  it was amazeing!!!! ?:{d
do a barrel roll!
off to work yet again  and if anyone wants my tuesday shift just hit me up cuz i got things to see and people to do that day 
amazing party  im still waiting on the video  im kindof scared to see what i was like last night  surprise 
just got back from the guadallalalalaupe river      yeah that sounds about right   
i find myself thinking of one person in particular and its driveing me insane 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiss bored 
"and so sayith the lawrd, \ does this shit look infected?    no   ok \"""""
"\one should always play fairly when one has the winning cards \"" -<propfirst> wilde"""
oh what the eff   
anyone wanna see the midnight of inception with me?
never really watched the show <propmale>  jeez it is so good  so twisted ;o
inception  wow  if u dont watch it u might as well shoot yourself for missing out on something this amazeing 
power corrupts  knowledge is power  study hard  be evil 
and when your mind becomes the labyrinth of conflicting morals and obligations only then will you understad where im comeing from 
when you break up cuz u dont put out for him he never loved you to begin with  dont pretend like he did its only gonna make it hurt more intense  next time tho dont fuckin tell me i dont know what im talkin about  payment for my services in the future will be much steeper
what now   
its awesome to know how alone i am  annoyed 
an den? an den? an den? aaaan den?
"well let's go back to the middle of the day that starts it all\i can't begin to let you know just what i'm feeling\and now the red ones make me fly\and the blue ones help me fall\and i think i'll blow my brains against the ceiling\and as the fragments of my skull begin to fall\fall on your tongue like pixie dust just think happy thoughts"
a true friend stabs you in the front  -<propfirst> wilde
"and when the world looks its bleakest  smile  and remember   \\<propfirst> could make it alot worse  love "
a mind is a terrible thing
;lkasrfaxhvugzadjagdpfgtuatepldrtjayd !    !
do a barrel roll!
bleh 
driving to six flags fiesta texas tomorrow!!! should be an interesting ride  playful 
finaly home! six flags was awesome but its good to be back
realllly tired and meh face is reallly sunburned  annoyed  <propmale> sunscreen that didnt want to work
lone <propfemale> pisses me right the fuck off  they need to get their shit together 
hard to get along with? nah    i can just see thru ur guise  i wont be fooled so easily  false frienship is no friendship 
finaly home after a pretty awesome night  i think its about time i got some sleepz
"praying for things to happen is for the weak  your god gave you everything you need to make things go your way  stop being lazy, i feel no sympathy for you "
no sleepz once again
well thats pretty lame  i can never find the tabs to songs i acutualy want to play 
"just one of those nights where nothing feels right  when u feel like \fuck    i shouldnt be here alone again   \"""""
is bored and has nothing to do    hit me up if u wanna <propfemale> 
well     2 hours on the guitar and im still just as horrid as i was before  playful 
is lacking new music  comment artists for me to listen to plz
"and when the world yelled to me \you're just not good enough\""\",93b4ed25b81dac8cfe558081e350d434,"if it wasnt for physics and law enforcement, id be unstoppable "
god damn    my whole family is so fucking racist  its amazeing the things people will say behind closed doors  you think someone is one way and they show u how they are so different 
is currently getting his ass handed to him at blazblue 
when the shit hits the fan    you can always fan the shit? o o
i remember when i didnt know my limits at parties 
"life is a waste of time \time is a waste of life \so get wasted all the time  \and have the time of your life!"
damn overachievers raiseing the bars that i worked so hard to lower       annoyed 
the problem with common sense is that most people are morons
midnight trip to ihop? i think yes!
go away ya stupid notification!
woooooh! procratinated past the due date once again! i am so fuckn pro at this!
choom choom choom chom      chooom choom choom chom    
writing a 4 <propfemale> essay in one night that i havent even started which is due tomorrow in class at 10 am  so pro   
"\your future depends on your dreams\"" \",93b4ed25b81dac8cfe558081e350d434,i work hard because millions on welfare depend on me
"we american's, we're a simple people    but piss us off, and we'll bomb your cities"
the funniest thing about this message is that by the time you realize it doesn't say anything its too late for you to stop reading
how far east can you go before you're heading west?
do prison buses have emergency exits?
if a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
why are there interstate highways in hawaii?
how do you handcuff a one-armed man?
if a <propfemale> is allergic to pollen would it get the hives?
"when sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their signs?"
do stuttering people stutter when they're thinking to themselves?
"what is another word for \thesaurus\""?"""
these questions need answers people  get to it!
i need new music  comment some bands  if theres a specific song put that too 
"i've stopped careing so why don't you just hop off my <propmale>, and go fuck yo self   love "
bleh bored as fauk
back form oni-con  that shit was fun  austen is a party animal lol 
booooooorrrrreeeeddddd  someone hit me up
just had a war with my 6th grade bro and his friend  the fort still stands  little punks think they're something  playful 
"send me a question in my inbox and i will ignore and or delete it, while pretending it was never there "
"http annoyed  www youtube com tippe playful erience\do it"
lookin back and seeing the shit u missed out on  sucks <propmale>  big o' <propmale>
if ur status has no entertainment value nobody cares  so stop posting boring shit yo  we dont care what u had for lunch unless it was served to you by an elephant on a unicycle wearing a tophat and purple hot pants 
bored 
neeed mooore bassss!
puddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddi
ooh your so pretty when they photoshop your face!
preeeeety sure im high off paint fumes > >
and then we asked ourselfs  what are we fighting for?
wanna hurry up and get the fuck outa here
sweet  facebook is determained to give me a virus  whats up with all these spam messeges 
"oh joy, i get to work all christmas day "
"my stomach just \bree'd\"" the fuck? i just fed you """
"huh    yeah     uh   feelin this beat    bout to bust a flow    \just kidding fuck all a you "
"im posting all my thotz on fb cuz i tink i matter \stfu already "
need new music  post a band and song if u feel like it 
"well  surprise surprise, im color blind  so there went most technical jobs with the navy  so they gonna teach me another language instead and im gonna be a translator  got a nice score too  to bad it pretty much didnt matter > >"
i got nothin    somone hit me up 
this week  is gonna be a good week 
"facebook: a place where everyone can see your failures at picking up chicks  \for real do that in real life  you just look lazy and or lame over the interwebs "
feels like seeing the 7 surprise 0 eagle  anyone wanna go?
facebook  you bore me 
"im tired  lights out  cut the cord, shut it down  go to bed "
muahahahaha! spyware and malware you are no match for me!!!
30 days till i ship out 
sucsessfuly got a rate change  now i dont ship out till october 
someone plz take my saturday and or sunday  im not showing up for them  straight up  this is my last spring break fuck management 
crazy ass dreams man     crazy  ass  dreams 
