2bcd3ab25ed90663dd9486023c50d570
"i have internet again, yayyyy  laugh "
wants to be able to afford a housekeeper 
"methionine and glutamic acid, for example, are much more likely to be involed in <propfemale> helices than in beta pleated sheets "
i am so happy that i bought myself music for christmas  love 
i can't wait for monday! my first community supported agriculture (csa) box is coming! fruit and veggies  smile  i'm going to try oranges for the first time in years   we'll see how that turns out 
i don't like tangelos  but i like blood oranges (from mom not the farm) and grapefruit
i think i found a first name that i like for my sca persona!
i'm wondering if i'm a bit young to not care when it's my birthday 
my dream car company: tesla motors  now they just need to make a model that is affordable 
i think i have decided what my favorite two songs are  love by nat <propmale> <propmale> and sleeping sun by nightwish 
now lets see if i can still get into the baronial banquet!
"amazing new words i just learned (don't ask me to pronounce them though): phobophobia, kakorrhaphiphobia "
both midterms done! yay  laugh 
i finally trimmed my nails! now i can type again  laugh  now the frat boys need to stop talking so i can go to sleep 
day of dance was amazing! so much fun! and now i don't think i can remember a single dance 
"electronics confuse me  ethernet dosen't work first time i try, second time i try it works fine  why? it must be because i talked to my dad and it knew that i talked to him  electronics work for techies  it knows i am not a techie and therefore it likes to mess with me  (yes, i am aware this is not actually how the universe works but i swear that sometimes it does)"
and now for something completly different ~~~
mothers day is coming! ack!!
i just had the most amazing chai tea latte ever!
i am biting my nails again  troubled 
frat boys singing disney out of tune= ears hurt
"i miss my nails, i also don't get why i picked them again after almost a year  sad "
i didn't think it was possible to play music that loudly or have a bass that strong  why'd i move into greek row?
i want to read a book of mine but it's not in my apartment! gah!
i find it amusing that flibbertigibit has a definition 
