c4bd92e9139b8ecdfc6e5cc658f9d2cb
i need out of here! and by here i mean va  what a day 
killed at the gym  oh yes i was  i hope this pays off very soon 
i need out of the house- really     
do we have a sister church in <propfemale>? i want to <propfirst> to take orders there  he wants to and i want to 
"finish the shack and be still my soul, get a tan and drop 2 dress sizes for the ball by august 1st lol"
laundry and sleep and cat litter and everything else i should get up and do!
i've been runnin' from the man that goes by the name of the sandman  he flys the sky like an eagle in the eye ofa hurricane thats abandoned  why that song is in my head-i dont know  oh boy this coffee kicked in um- 6 hours later and i feel like a crazy aw
encouraged by mr  <propfirst> <propmale> for doing a great job mowing the huge lawn  what a great gift for a military family on independence weekend!
please pray for the little girl in the carjacking off of witchduckroad at a 7-11  the mother was punched in the face and the guy took off with the 18month old girl inside an <propfemale> alert is out
i am thinking about food      and <propfirst>  i guess he is comming home tomorrow 
sleep- long day! great day  love 
just woke up and maybe i should go back to sleep i still feel yucky- blah
laundry and laundry and more laundry 
i will have a house of 9 from august 14- august 21     need i say more!
beautiful brunch and now watching baby sleep- he is out like sholderpads
beautiful brunch and now watching baby sleep- he is out like shoulderpads
"missed a meeting, we need to hire a secretery"
looking forward to housing 4 sisters from geogia for the icmc tomorrow!
"\humble yourself and cease to care what men think  a meek man is not a human mouse afflicted with a sense of his own inferiority  rather    he has stopped being fooled about himself  he knows well that the world will never see him as god sees him and he has stopped caring  he has obtained a place of soul rest  the old struggle to defend himself is over \"" ~ a  w  tozer (thanks <propfemale>)  love """
i need a nap! or some starbucks!
mia family in town  love  richmond tommorrow!
 love  loved richmond today  love my church family  love love love you all
<propfirst>     
aiden got some shots today and well i am going to be resting  lost my glasses on saturday this is no good 
i want my glasses     
"\blessed is the man whom god corrects;so do not despise the discipline of the almighty  job5:17 this is where it cuts guys can i hear an amen lol- no really though"""
i would like to run away for a few hours any one want to help me do that by house sitting while baby sleeps? lol
and the search goes on  limited tv- and computer today so i can have eyes to drive 
found my glasses in aidens playpen net  yay  my eyes are not happy yet though      still way more thankful for my glasses today than last week 
opening all of the windows  i am so thankful for this breezy cooler day  it may be super wet but my house needs aired out! cleaning time!
i hate being sick uhhhhh       
i want a pulled pork bbq sandwich and a starbucks  lol one of my 4 preggo good friends must be sending me their cravings  stop! (or maybe its the after sick got my apitite back thing)i only got a 10! i feel encouraged today and i don't have a school aged child whoo
"making chilli for my man before he heads out to sea  uhhh sea duty, some ones gotta do it "
i am going to rip my brain and eyes out  hope no one minds 
any one have an old jumper i can have for like 2 or 3 months  aiden is driving me crazy jumping in his <propmale> like a crazy happy child that i am so thankful for 
so i put aiden in a jonnyjumper and he sat there for a minute before bouncing backwards to get momentum to then swing forward  my child is a thrill seeker and banged into the door frame  i showed him the right way but it wasnt cool enough- he tries to run in it- thanks for trying <propfemale> eddlemon haha it tagged you funny
regency-hilltop-green run- heading to red mills soon man i am quick tripping every corner of va beach and aiden just wants to be home poor kid 
my baby has a 5th tooth!
where's your head at- at where your head at haha i love this song
"today is not going well for me but praise god anyway, it will be over tomorrow"
 love  sleep  love 
amazing dinner with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  they sure know how to treat a navy wife who needs a good meal  so thankful emphasis on the ful(l)
giving aiden a bath then food and bed for him!
feelin lonley  want some one else who cant sleep to come <propfemale> out with me and help me with my picture frames lol and drink hot chocolate     
"dishes, bottles, laundry and maybe some grocery shopping  aiden's video finally loaded on facebook  love  6 minutes long but cute!"
"i just like this \ have you ever noticed that the foolish things this world does are recognized and lifted up as examples to follow while the wise things god wants his disciples to do are ridiculed and laughed at?\"" - hamptonroadschurch org i am ready for october!"""
the jets thats all im saying god bless them but oh the jets
i have a feeling there is something i am supposed to do tomorrow  if i have plans tuesday with some one on here pease remind me lol
"commisary, trader joes, walmart, pool  lets get started  where is adam> lol"
looking for my glue gun  i need it for my sticks i am making a candle cover for free because they cost like 10$ and are just glue gun an sticks from outside- though i had to fight a few buggies i think its worth it     
"shower and then off to michaels and ollies  ravens\craft\"" style ooh maybe jcpenny too!"""
aiden sleeps though mid night diaper changes  i love it!
thought it was my sensitivity to raw onions but no i am full blow sick  downing my mucine laugh    i didnt see this comming 
felt better then bam my throat has rocks in it  trust me you dont want this  i can't talk- well i try but it hurts  please pray for my poor throat and aiden-he sounds like me 
aiden fed his self this morning  not just one bite he took control of his oatmeal cup and spoon  i am so proud of him i did a victory dance  ( before i ran to the b r  gagging) ooh i want to be well again so i can live amongst others!! but yeah- !yay! aiden  love 
another day with the crud  up at 4 am and 6 doing you know what then feeling good for 3 hours midday and back to horribleness  go away yucky yuck my asophagus can't take any more  frowny 
aidens fever just broke! yay- i hope he sleeps tonight- if he doesnt i have my instant starbucks coffee and cinnamon creamer waiting      yummm      *weather weather please get better so we may go out and play  love 
got aiden an appointment with his pcm today- now i just need one 
urban outfitters sparks my materialistic side      what a rush  i am going to stop looking  really  i will  i promise  just one more minute  haha
aiden is the cutest ever  love 
so i left aidens augmenten (antibiotic) sitting out of the fridge and he was almost finished      sign of a tired mommy  thank goodness i finally got through to them to get his last 5 doses  love 
great  <propfirst> is barely out the door and i feel like i have fluid in my lungs  nice cough 
finally got an appointment  i dislike my lynnhaven prime clinic- very much  and the people who answer the phones at the appointment line and boone should change their career instead of throwing attitude at sick people  rawr
i absolutley love my beautiful baby boy  so in love  love  growing up so fast but still a lil guy 
"i feel like i am in the tea cups at disney  can't wait to be done with these meds so i can drive  drive,drive"
my child was standing in his crib- now i have to figure out how to lower the darn matress  man he is growing up so fast 
god blessed me with great neighbors  love 
just drank a cup of via because for some reason i feel like i can't wake up and i have been up since 7       i really need to pack away my haloween decorations too  miss my hubby already 
a blessed day of wii fit and cleaning  laundry is backed up like crazy  migraine migraine go away  love 
yay church time! see all my besties soon!
how much i love my church and the family within it god has blessed me with  oh man i just feel so excited over it sometimes lol
there was just a homicide on my road and i cant find anything on the news yet about it my trash needs to go out and i dont want to go out there if the killer is running loose  what a shame that people are crazy
"trash is out, baby is sleeping soundly, now its my turn  love  this is way to late to be up when i have a lil guy to take care of!"
baby is out cold for the night and im getting ready to go to new <propfemale> with some awesome chikas  love  i am so getting a <propfemale> pepsi tonight  love 
enjoyed new <propfemale>- now ready for eclipse  starbucks via has me awake and i drank it at like 6        i need a treadmil- shouldnt have sold mine     
come on <propmale>!
going to take a nap- aiden is out- tired after his shot and migraine just hit hard
up with food- baking not eating- though i accidently used dark brown sugar and my spiced cookies are sweet as heck  im not redoing it- blahh i am going to quit withing the next hour and finish in the am happy thanksgiving all
hope my husband wakes up soon so that i can go out to the woods and gather wood to make christmas decorations  <propfirst> insist i make  everything i saw at the craft show that i wanted and said no to purchasing any  this is lame 
tj maxx is amazing-
i wish december had 60 days or so christmas season isnt long enough for me baah lol need more time to watch all of the fun movies & see all of the orchestras theatrical events and craft shows!and it should all be free and held outside- with a bbq ofcoarse *these toilets are ginormous!*- elf  love  love that movie!
i need coffee
aiden is worn out from yesterday- only one nap and bible talk late wow it is after 9- he seems content in the crib- i wish this was every day  love 
"every time i turn around and aiden has gone from sitting on his car playing to standing between the couch and table, i am amazed   love  i love him so much"
i am so thankful for my amazing friends god has blessed me with  i could not have asked for a better day today  thanks every one for the birthday wishes  it was amaze-z-zing  lol now my last wish for today is a good nights sleep but if i dont get that i am ok because i have a beautiful son that i couldn't imagine without and great friends 
rejoice rejoice in the law of the lord- i have that song stuck in my head! i want like 5 people to come over and sing it with me till its out of my system  lol
humble yourself in the sight of the lord- and he will lift you up - and he- will lift you uuuhp! ahhh i can sing that all night to bad i can think of all of the lyrics with out the music    i once was lost but now im found thats all i got guys what is the rest? wait amazing grace how sweet the sound-
sharks are ugly pictures of them should be outlawed  plus they are evil zombies of the sea and really freak me out 
lovin my hair cut by mrs  <propfemale> crawford- woman has skill and i now have textures! lol
long day- ready for bed but my cats are way crazy knocing down stuff and wont hush and my girl cat is in heat  spca here i come 
trash is out and groceries from earlier are all in- i feel better now lol
okay singles and any one who doesnt have kids performing i really need some help here finding a sub for babies this sunday- i am going to visit my grandmother in florida and i can not find some one who isnt gone as well or has kids performing  9047188934 oh the holidays!
happy to be home safe! we are exhausted  we loved seeing every one and thank you for everything  love you all  love 
<propfemale> christmas! <propfirst> broke our flat screen with a wii paddle- funeral is tomorrow at 10 am
"aiden pointed at the <propfemale> tonight and said <propfemale>  he kept pointing and throwing his head back to stare, i love it! my little astronaught  love "
"i just finished loading info on leap frog's my pal scout  we bought it for aiden's birthday& it is the cutest thing i have ever bought! it let me choose his favorites like cat, green& oatmeal  the puppy sings a song saying he wants a green cat that eats oatmeal! and says aidens name  i love it! i want one for me! haha"
yay! i love usaa- with out their online insurance card printable options i wouldnt be able to add myself to it and get my keys out of my car! whoo hoo
??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??
so its been said this is a week where everyone post a pic of a celeb they get compared to alot  so yeah  here we go
i want summer to be here  love 
what a day 
thanks for all of the love and birthday wishes for aiden! i won't be on much for a while with <propfirst> home from sea  love you all!
i won a ticket to take photo with twilight's new <propfemale> cast members  1 of 300 people but hey i never win anything haha  i'd much rather win a home makeover though or even outfitted with new pots and pans  lol i am being ungreatful arnt i?
just met some of the twilight (new <propfemale>) cast members- they were really nice and talkitive  i couldnt really think of what to say lol i was like um thanks for comming out here  i never felt shorter in my life  they really like <propfemale>'s tatoo too lol
my son is super cute    love 
aiden's night terrors are breaking my heart for him  poor kid 
 
†his is †he day †he lord has made rejoice and be gald in i†! happyeas†er!                    i  love  jesus
time to lose the last of this weight 20 lbs to go to a heathier less migraines less stressed me  july 4th is my independence day
"happy earthday  love  tree hugger coffee this morning and thinking every day is earthday  unfortunatly the trash guy accidently dumped one of the large recycling cans in with regular trash! <propfirst> jenkins, i will be on my way soon to <propfemale> office (check in hand oops)"
" love  do not except brownies from your neighbor  she said it herself they are the devil  i'm in the first week of deployment, there is no self control friends, keep away "
i wish eureka was on  i miss my quirky show 
dude why is the icecream truck strolling through the neighborhood after 10 surprise 0 music and all  what a creeper
my phone went for a swim  it was in my hand with a bunch of aidens toys  i fotgot i had it  that is part of going through a deployment  your phone becomes part of your hand unfortunatly i forget about it  a lot  and i am bad with phones  turned it off immediatly  drying it out now  i have saved a phone before  i can do it! we will see tomorrow 
"if roses grow in heaven, lord, pick a bunch for me  place them in my dads arms & tell him they're from me  tell him that i love & miss him & when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for awhile  because remembering him is easy  i do   it everyday there's an ache within my heart that will never go away "
"i love the drive home after the gym  moonlit night, windows down, and smooth jazz from different parts of the world playing in my car  i love the wind and the darkness of oceana all the way home, there isn't much light other than that beautiful moon \\ love  thank you <propfemale> for babysitting aiden while he sleeps so i have these relaxing moments to my self "
 love  anthropologie com any one <propmale> want to adopt me and buy me some furniture ? lol i will make you some cookies!
be careful how you think; your life is shaped by your thoughts  proverbs
facebook might add a dislike button due to the nature of this comment   i think the smurf movie might be kinda cute 
just watched a video of <propfirst> undercover at a keraoke bar  it was way cute!
"any one read their bed, bath, & beyond ad this past week  i was laughing out loud to say the least "
isn't it funny when you are clearing out your baby's too small clothes and you come across one outfit that you need a moment of silence for   lol
"just got back from seeing \the secret garden\"" at little theatre of <propfemale> beach  it was cute  lots of talent for sure """
i left wipe out on and left the room  aiden is glued  i think it is funny for a kid that doesn't watch tv much 
any one who lives in the landing zone of oceana ever get sick from the jets ripping through  the past two days it's made me get migraines and sick to my stomach 
aiden had his first revolt with dinner last night  threw his rice all over the place  i was frustrated and took him out of the highchair  when i came out of the bathroom i saw him on the couch digging in his empty box of teething cookies and next to the bag of animal crackers i had on the side table were then in his lap  isn't it a milestone to find your kid with cookies after them proving they wern't hungry?
going to sit and watch a movie alone because thats how i roll 
so a tree fell on a power line then the ground so no power and blocked any way out  they started moving the tree after 11 and then the power came back on almost 5 hours after that  i m glad it wasn't worse  a dear friend and neighbor died and finding that out in a bad way made me wish i didn't get out of bed today 
i have a friend looking to go to st  simons near florida with her husband  she wants to know about it but i had to admit i knew nothing about it  any one got any live e playful erience? not googled info  we got that  wink 
the landings sound horrible tonight  i think there are newbies above us getting their night hours in  feels like it was going to rip me out of the house on the last two that flew by  i pray they have safe flights and end soon  they gotta do it 
"i miss my husband  and, if any one wants to be my best friend, they may show up at 9 am- feed aiden an egg breakfast  and some watermelon from the fridge  <propfemale> out until i feel like crawling out of bed  oh and imaginary best friend, feel free to bring me a slice of toast and tall glass of ice cold water  love "
blackberry pervserves + thai sweet chilly sauce and a lil' warm water = delicous simmer sauce for my meatless meatballs  i bet it is yummy on meatballs too  i love how i cook  no boundries no recipes  lol fearless!
"if i could have one thing right now it would be my husband, reading the bible to me as i drift into a perfect sleep  i miss him!"
mmm     peanut butter and apricot perserves      just sayin'
lil' guy is sick   frowny       we had a good run  i pray this is in and out and i don't get it  last thing we need is a 2 week rotation like usual 
"tonight pray for the single parent, a military parent and parents who don't have family around  this life isn't easy "
"egg recal brands: the eggs were distributed around the country and packaged under the names lucerne, albertson, mountain dairy, <propmale>'s, boomsma's, sunshine, hillandale, trafficanda, farm fresh, shoreland, lund, dutch farms and kemp "
"the oakridge boys      they taunt me with their creepy <propfemale> song  i am scared that when i go to bed, they will come out of my closet  snl did smashmouth, but really?should have been this song "
i doctored up <propfemale> calendar's just add water southwestern cornbread mix with genourly dumping some ground cinnamon and a good splash of nutmeg  ity bity chunks of butter then after it came out i topped it with <propfemale> to soak in and mmm it is so good 
you know your mother has no intrest in talking to you when she starts snoring 20 seconds into talking 
"so, while i went to take out the trash, i told aiden outside to stay there in that spot and he did  stood there and watched me! then we came back out later and did it again  any one who has kids knows this is amazing for an almost 18month old  i watched him the whole time and he just stood there snot running down his face lol poor kid "
enjoying onsie decorating for babyshower tomorrow  i don't know why i didn't start this sooner  i am good at it and love it! no huge ego here lol  really i want to keep it for aiden  too bad it is too small!
"aiden is 1 1 2 today  you should see him dancing to <propfirst> <propfirst> hey mambo  too cute  minus the snot, atleast he is feeling better  wait i spoke to soon   frowny "
proverbs  love 
i just remembered i have a dentist appt  thursday at 11  any baby sitters? or some one to come with me and play with aiden? it is just a cleaning 
so i just made some awesome chocolate chip and butterscotch cookies  i only ate one to make sure they were awesome  now i am waiting for neighbors to be home so i can deliver!
chocolate tiramisu liquidated into my lady godiva mug  yum 
gothic voices  love  beautiful  relaxing  inspirational 
any one else have an 06 aveo that has fuse problems?
"atlanta, ga airport  i don't like you today  you made me sweat, badly "
mucinex is not as fun as the commercial makes it out to be 
i got to give my grampa hugs today and watch him meet and play with his great grandson  i know my dad was smiling down on them  love 
home sweet home  love  the wind is so sweet and crisp and clear i love it 
acr this weekend guys! pray for aiden to stop coughing everywhere and snotting so he can go in childrens  every one who is willing to work with me on childcare for the confrence let me know  thanks! i wish <propfirst> was here to enjoy it with me 
"aiden lovers: i just <propfirst> a picture of a soldier and aiden was fast to point out and clearly say the following: hat, hair, shoe, hand, and nose  in that order he showed me before he was distracted and wanted to draw on top of my drawing  usually he stops at eye, nose, mouth and shoe   wink "
sipping on warm duchess grey & snacking on nutella over apricot shortbread is not going to make 80% into a 100% completion 
"he was a small town iowa boy who wanted to serve his country  for almost a decade and a half he has done an amazing job with just that  he is living out his american dream  he realizes the sacrifice daily as he is away from his wife,son, family and friends, yet asks nothing of no one and does so much for us all "
some how i have 2 more friends than i did last night after deleting 54 people  facebook is weird sometimes 
i just did a happy dance 
who is free tonight in va?
i love all of the free entree offers i get e-mailed the week of my birthday  love free coldstone ice cream too  i dont want it so looks like <propfemale> will be getting it 
thanks <propfemale> for flying in from oregon and making my week special with dinner and time together  thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale> for dropping everything and for all of your help  you guys are family! we can't wait to visit when you get settled 
homecoming means coming home to what is in your heart   ~author unknown
until <propfirst> left for duty this morning i dreamt i was eating a chocolate chip muffin that was like a cake& a cookie  makes no sense for many reasons must be a girl in this belly  plus i don't like much sweets 
"if any one is having a huge salad for dinner, you should bring me some  i am out of greens "
aiden keeps cuddling on me and calling me baby   love  i love it! he is going to be 2 next tuesday  i love watching him grow  he is such a kind heart  and he draws me great pictures  my little artist  i love this lil guy 
aiden is 2 today! that means the year is going to be full of adventures like potty training and more amazing moments of him just growing up way too fast  he is 34 inches tall  he is so tall     
"aiden says delicious after he takes a bite of food now except it sounds like \mmm laa vicious!)"""
