22974db15f393fe707fb3dbb8f18f452
bout to upload some recent <propmale> work from college  smile 
i think i may have appendicitis     o o   
"if you read this, even if we don't talk that much, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything  when you're done, post this as your status  you will be surprised what people remember about you   laugh "
silly apps and their addictiveness
just uploaded some <propmale> to deviant<propmale>  laugh   wheeee!
anyone know the whereabouts of the going away part for nate?  i'm going tonight and i lost the address ;o;
sleep is good  smile 
bought all my books for this semester   now they all just need to get to me before school starts and everything will be peachy  smile 
"2010 arizona renaissance festival auditions have been announced! friday september 18th, from 5 surprise 0pm to 9 smile 0pm saturday september 19th, from 10 smile 0am to 1 smile 0pm location: azrf main office call the office for an appointment! (520)-463-2600 ext 116 or 105"
"human anatomy will be tough, but i have a feeling i'll fit in just fine in human sexuality  smile   math and writing tomorrow   will see how i fare "
i've got the munchies  laugh 
wooosh!! this past weekend was a doozy!  and things are going to really start getting crazy when nightfall starts   everyone should come see me there!  laugh 
"everything has a place, in it's place "
"have a paper due on the 20th (pretty extensive) in writing, have a lab practical to study for, and we're disecting sheeps brains on monday, i've got an exame coming up in math and a paper due in human sexuality   boy does school know how to pile it on when you're already 10 feet deep  laugh "
"i've gotten through some of the muck of school, but not quite all just yet     i hope i can stay afloat "
"pretty annoying, but pretty cool:the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear"
"is sick, but still alive!  laugh "
being sick and at school sucks    especially when there is a math quiz to be taken ;o;
my cat's snoring is just too darn cute!
in phoenix to see tso   laugh 
wishes she could get up on the roof and lay bundled up looking at the stars and forget the world 
just got my tickets to go see wicked  laugh   we're attending the very last show!
"rawr!  only 4 days left to pay for my classes!  and i still don't know if i'm signed up for all the classes i'm taking     you'd think 13 credits would be enough, but if i take one more worth 2-3 then my agec transfer associates would be complete! ;o;  at least i think it would be    o o   ugh college can be confusing!!!"
for such a developed country i'm surprised we cannot share our findings with those who can't afford the equipment to detect things like earthquakes     my heart goes out to those in haiti who are suffering unfairly   may the wheel turn for them soon   
hard blow!
go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name in the search  copy and paste the first response (no cheating and picking one you like!) to your status! this is mine below:
"mmmm    with nothing else to do, hopping onto youtube and doing some belly dancing excercises  at midnight is awesome!  laugh   now off to do math homework!"
 laugh  i just got my ticket for the midnight premiere of <propfemale> in wonderland imax 3-d   if anyone else is going message me  laugh  i'd love to see you guys there!
"fingers are all torn up from working with wire, but i'm happy with how my crown for thursday is coming out "
is so out of wack   
"train of thought for tonight pirates of the carribean, <propfirst> depp, <propmale> <propmale>'s movies, <propmale> wood, vampira, <propfemale>   i love having nostalgia night!  laugh "
"so many people are getting sick these days   flus and colds and mystery sickness   i care and worry about all you people, so be wary   keep washing them hands, because most sicknesses are like contact sports;  they gotta touch to count   love you all!"
just got home after visiting with friends   <propfemale> brain is fried and this week isn't planning out to be a relaxing one ;o;  oh well  laugh   i'll roll with the punches!  hope everyone else is doing good!
off to go bowl with my parents  smile 
do doo do do do!
feels like blah  ready or not weekend; here i come!
about to play catch up in my classes!  wish me luck  laugh  xoxoxo to all!
"whelp   note to self and to anyone else who makes these kinds of mistakes:  from now on, even if you're bush wack tired, go through your laundry througouly before doing a load   you may miss something really important     like an mp3 player ;o;  rip petite gris   "
happy catch-up-weekend with boughts of cleaning!  whoo hoo!  laugh 
i may be getting a new car!  laugh 
attaining car attempt failed  re-initiate search   processing   
thinks happily of what is to come this weekend  laugh 
had an amazing weekend  laugh   now to get cracking scholarly style!
"my heart goes out to the teachers of this poor depraved town   what is going on is cruel, unusual, and unjustified punishment for all "
do doo do doo do!  mahnahmuhnah!
good evening      infadel  laugh 
"i might not be the  prettiest or sexiest,   may  not have the perfect body or be absolutely  beautiful  i may not be    everyones first choice either, but i'm me i  don't pretend to be   someone  or something i am not  i may not always be  proud of some of   the things  i've done in the past, but i'm proud of who  i am today!"
blessed beltane for all!  love 
\today's the day to start celebrating the\,22974db15f393fe707fb3dbb8f18f452,going up to the top of mount lemon for mothers day today  smile 
"loosing weight is great and all, but a shrunken stomach is sometimes hard to deal with ;o;  ::feels blah from over eating::"
"\let your life be your dream   integrity  honesty \""- blind mag from repo the genetic opera"""
nother good day of dungeons and dragons   smile 
last final today!   blech math d:  i just hope i pass   
when the evening's entertainment comes down to sitting one seat away from your friend as you're chatting on face book    things in our world have become seriously weird o o  
summer session starts verreh verreh soon!  i'm hoping to make a visit to see good ole friends back in sc late july maybe early august  ::fingers crossed::  and i'm busy trying to finish old projects like a latch hook that i've had since i moved to sc? o o    dern thing just doesn't want to be finished i swear!
yay for cat sitting!  laugh  (and house sitting)
"new favorite song!  laugh  <propfemale> bareilles, <propmale> of anything!"
e playful erienced my very first out blown alergic reaction   very itchy hives over many sensitive parts of my body and the doctors perscribed me a steriod pack of pills that i have to take for the next 6 days   the best part is i don't know what on this green earth i'm allergic to d:
"had a filling done today and the residual dull pain from the double sticking of novicane is quite irritating   slowly but surely gathering all my things at mom's bosses house to return to my own   tomorrow is my last day cat sitting for this period of time   come life, let's dance you and i   laugh "
off to play real life farm ville with high school <propmale> and family   luckily there are not scotts in our group so all the sheep should be fine  laugh 
just starting my jaunt into the volunteer world!  off to learn skill sets useful for everyday life and hopefully some skills beneficial to job related activities later in my career   let's hope it goes well!
"whoo! going to san <propmale>, ca on the 9th-11th of july!  mom and i are going to sea world and  to the san <propmale> zoo!"
ignore those last two posts   they're spam ;o;
"today was just bizarre o o  i was on my way to a friends house, turning under an underpass on the i-10 frontage road in a left turn <propfirst> when a cop car comes skirting by my car half on the side walk and half on the road  **he hits me** (which broke his left side mirror) and kept on driving without stopping to confirm damages or to even apologize "
"back from sc!  i'll tell you, one of the most humbling e playful eriences of my life is landing in a small 57 passenger plane during one of tucson's lightning storms and watching the lightning leave it's home in the cloud to come reach for you    o o  it was crazy cool!"
hmmmm     i think i've discovered my true underlying issue  laugh    now how to fix it     guess i should first figure out how it got there in the first place   
"<propmale> out and watched the box, shutter, teeth, the good son, aftermath, <propfemale>, and terror firmer   crazy night filled with fun and silly movies and then i arrive home to find a porcelain egg from on top of my alter had fallen without any thing else being disturbed     creepy!!! o o"
"today i went to west campus to get some administrative work done for a class and all my effort was in vain because my teacher's email wasn't precisely what they needed  wasted time there  also, after that i went downtown to a cleaning job and all hell breaks loose from the sky on campbell "
"mmmmmm! nothing like a day full of organizing, building, and cleaning with your homework all ready to go for school and laundry almost done   it's been a good productive day  laugh   dad and i installed a bathroom organizer   it came out crooked, but now i love it all the more  laugh "
okay    this saturday is booked   don't anyone else try to invite me to something  laugh  cause i can't do it ;o;  ^^;  ::hates how everything tries to happen on the same day::
quadratic formula hurts my head when answers they give in the back of the book don't seem possible via process of solving that anyone has taught me thus far    o o    ::is amazed at how people are allowed to write these books and get away with their mistakes   ::
"when you get a math teacher who instead of helping you solve a problem, asks if you're sure you're in the right class, it's hard not to let your spirit die   to the world of academia's poisoned minds    go jump off a bridge with a velocity higher than that of gravity   "
wonderful day at west campus!  sitting in a hallway with slow trickling traffic increases the chances of running into friends and acquaintances  smile  us smart people know the awesome quiet spots to sit travel  laugh 
put up some curtains over my closet  smile   it was an annoying process but the finished result makes me happy   now i just need a window treatment and i need to replace the shelving unit in my bath room that my cat decided to try and hop on   basically it was wicker basket strength held by very weak woven plastic screwed into the wall  laugh 
"to those who are against the mosque being built at ground zero annoyed \do one thing for me    go to google maps   type in mosques in new york  note the number of possible results that show \\then type in churches in new york   trust me that one more mosque, no matter the location, means nothing to the number of churches in existence in that teeny little state "
i'm working nightfall this year again  laugh   just this time i'm a breaker (i take other people's positions so they can go on break )  hope to see people out there!
going in for costuming tomorrow at old tucson   then i get to rangle all my friends into coming to a different location for d&d because my dad will be flying out eary sat morning and i don't want to keep him up   ;o;  and crawford isn't answering my phone call to tell him the 'good' news of the location switch ;o;  hope he charges his darn phone  laugh 
"yay for staying up late making a mask!  if i like my work, maybe i'll go try and work for a company that produces horror masks and props  laugh "
bwahahahah   sleep nao   
getting some mundane chores out of the way before tomorrow  smile   hope everyone out there is doing well!
what is it about brunette jail bait girls wearing overly white baggy shirts and brown over garments in 1980's films running through labyrinths? (i e : labyrinth vs  hellraiser 1 and 2)
zombie boyfriends love you for your brains!  finally someone who isn't superficial  laugh 
in 12 hours i will know my fate as to whether i'll be going to nightfall as a guest or an employee     : sad rosses fingers for the former::
nightfall was pretty amazing last night  first time in four years that i've been able to go as a guest and i <propmale> out with friends after   hope everyone had an amazing halloween!  laugh 
i've lost 11 pounds since the begining of oct   i'm a happy girl  laugh   hope everyone out there is happy too!  love 
"the past couple of days there was a bizzar energy in the air    on monday i knew 5 or more people who decided to ditch school work for whatever reason, but the day was nice overall   on tuesday i was worried for a quiz i hadn't really studied for and when i got into class we all discovered that the quiz was canceled, we all got 100's, and instead of the quizes we got halloween <propfemale>? o o    so fricken weird!  laugh   love "
off to the state fair  laugh 
mmmmmm   busy busy day today  laugh  hope everyone out there is having a good time!
my immune system has crashed untill further notice   thank you nightfall  laugh   hope everyone out there is healthier than i 
off to the movies!~
anyone who has the ability should go to a park with swings and go swinging! it's so refreshing!  laugh   love 
feeling better finally! i had a fun time with friends last night   health and happiness to everyone!  laugh   love 
when in doubt   do the macarena  laugh 
"just finished signing up for my classes for next semester! gonna be lots of traveling if all of my classes are successful    (5 total) glg 102(geologic history), mat 182(trig), <propmale> 170 (metalworking 1: jewlery  laugh ), faw 113 and 129 (bellydancing 1 again and aerobi-dance: latin rhythms)   choc-full o' fun!  laugh "
"off to phoenix, and then to sedona tomorrow morning  laugh "
"bane of my existence, thy name is up-chuck ;o;"
had a fun night with buddies  laugh 
it's kinda official   catepillars and their movements kinda freak me out  laugh 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste this to your status to invite yourfriends to do the same"
eating searing hot pizza and ending up with a blister on the roof of your mouth     what fun!
::hums jaws theme::
"goodnight world!  gotta <propmale> it up tomorrow, like crazy to get my seven sins done    if anyone sees me on facebook for longer than 5 secs tomorrow, please feel free to tell me to get the heck off and get to work  laugh "
: laugh ances to the sound of <propfemale> spektor as the meteors shower down::
i have a problem     i got an interview for a job i don't want     should i ditch the interview? (funnily enough this is the second time that i've almost been suckered into the position   )
"off to take my last exam, turn in a paper, some artwork, and then return home for some sleeps   hope everyone out there is able to start their holiday season  laugh !"
"oh facebook     lovely distraction that you are     why can't you let well enough alone when there are things to be done   is not my leisure time with you enough?  sincerely, me "
brother just arrived    i can sleep now  smile 
"lunar eclipse party     epic awesome time!!!  i love you all who attended, and those who missed it for whatever reason i'm sorry you missed such an amazing event and i hope you can attend the next one! (again, not quite sure when that will be  smile )"
i hope to visit for my 21st!  laugh   love   i'll know by new years 
fleshing out the first couple months of my new year whilst doing laundry and sheets  laugh  glorious morn!
so much stuff going on in so little time  laugh   get better immune system!! faster!  laugh 
just finished painting my nails all pretty and after accidentally exiting out of my window with spirited away fully downloaded i think it be time to hit the sack to rest up for a new day   night night!
voltaire is going to be playing at the wild west con?  o o  want vip ticket bad! d: ::tries to convince parents of b-day gift     (while they're awake of course)::
"things i learned today:  never leave your purse as a place holder in a theater     some crazy wacko will pick it up and ransack through it to find you have no cash     \\also second life is the sims on steroids     gives me the heebeegeebees"
"so i listened to a horoscope on tarot com and it made me giggle   everything was reading pretty interestingly and it said i'll have the ability to be introspective today   but then it went to say \don't be afraid to look under the bed\""  \",22974db15f393fe707fb3dbb8f18f452,first day at class was pretty awesome!~ now into the world of metal melting and what not to make really pretty jewelry  laugh 
omg omg omg : annoyed pazz::  bed tyme?  got some usgs research done   now more questions loom   also did research involving getting my id updated to 21 status come feb 3rd   trip to vegas    you're looking oh so tempting right now!!  laugh 
"also, got to work with a jeweler's saw today in metal work jewelery class and began learning how to sew officially via bernina classes   and it's that time    to block all facebook app game requests till school lets out    laugh "
just saw wicked!  got a special treat after the show   went to the restaurant that a lot of the actors actresses showed up at!  got a hug from the guy who played fiyerro and got to see <propfemale> noon out of green skin!  who knew that tonight was going to be her last performance ;o;   she was absolutely amazing though!!!
images all ready sent to mom's boss   time for bed   g'night cyber space  laugh 
"time to go home, eat, and grab my sewing machine and run off to sewing class  laugh "
bed or death    hmmm   bed please!
"(in reference to new profile pic) if you honestly thought i was weird before, you haven't seen the half of it ^^"
time for beds!  gotta get ready for trip to vegas and i needs plenty of schleeps to make it through a busy day tomorrow!  joyful   love 
thank you everyone so very much!!!  your birthday wishes bring a warmth to my heart   im safely on my way now to vegas and im sending out my good vibes to everyone out there  hope you're all well!
i'm finishing making friendship bread whilst getting in gear all of my plans for this week 
just heard what sounded to be a gun shot    sounded relatively close ( within a mile)  hope everyone is okay out there     >>
"muwahahahaha i am kidnapping ze crawfords for renfaire tomorrow   yes, i know he already went and now looks like a raccoon, but this shall not thwart my diabolical plans > laugh dd  love "
i'm now considering never reading fan fiction again after what happened this morning    i came across this really great story and unfortunately the individual who posted it was not the original author nor did they have permission to re-post the story   as you could have guessed    it was plagiarized   i began reading it and fell in love with the writing style and plot line   kudos to the original and true author 
whooo! gettin stuff done and taking names!
::goes to crash:: night night  laugh   love 
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support  i copied and pasted it, will you?"
to bed i go    night world  smile 
my cat    she snores    it's adorable  laugh   love 
made it to texas safe and sound   got wireless connection capability   hope everyone out there is well  laugh 
the one u just called fat? she has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs  the one u just called stupid? she has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? she is abused enough at home  theres alot more to people than you think  put this as your status if your against bullying
"running around like a chicken with it's head cut off to get things going   brother is driving into town tonight from colorado   his friend <propfirst>, him, and i are set to drive tomorrow to california to go to six flags magic mountain   all to get home in time for me to go to class monday night @_@     dear god let things go smoothly   "
so after all that stress last night and this morning i still don't get to go to six flags  laugh    it's not meant to be that my brother and i go to the park together   perhaps that's a sign that he'll make it back from afghanistan and we can go again later in life   but anyways   new plan   <propmale> horror tonight and then ren faire tomorrow   smile 
"oh    as for fairhaven stage at renfaire    \\small w  big blue ball  vs  stage     \\ball 1       stage 0!  laugh \\priceless~!"
