b2685dcd9e79bce51e68cced1d66850c
should have taken summer classes  :<
the television was blaring and rolling its screen like it was frustrated that nobody would watch it 
is home!
"thanks for the birthday wishes, all  smile "
"twenty-eleven or two-thousand-eleven? either way, happy new year"
happy pi day!
32 days!
oh   it's april 
"so, what's this zombie thing going on around campus and why haven't i heard about it until i saw people with nerf guns being chased after attacked by zombies? :<"
"is very disappointed in the housing department  looking for as many ways as possible to write complaints, to as many people possible "
"what's the point of being rebellious when you come back to find permission granted? anyway,  love  chinchilla "
started using courserank to find classes (http annoyed  ufl courserank com)
hm   four hours left to write the other half of the essay  but there's nothing else to write   annoyed 
doesn't want to study 
7 smile 0 am is an obnoxious time to schedule a final 
is rewatching <propfemale> <propfemale> hakusho~
tea!  love 
can't sleep :<
"so, the day after i send an e-mail asking when <propmale> money will be disbursed i get an e-mail back saying that i don't have that <propmale> on my award file   and find that it disappeared from my awards distributions list online  guess who didn't print out a hard copy before this odd coincidence? fml "
all this excitemet about lost almost makes me regret never showing any interest  just almost 
has found narnia and closed it off so it's not a hiding spot for the chinchilla anymore 
rainrainrain  ew 
nice perfume  must you marinate in it?
roomie fell in the laundry room  something broke and now my room is being flooded  annoyed 
running on less than four hours of sleep  :<
there is now a vuvuzela button on youtube  just to add in the sound of the world cup to everything you watch online as well   smile 
cause even for an easy girl you're moving kinda fast 
"what if my talent has been overrated?\what if i simply don't have what it takes?\what if my promise has already faded\how can i afford to lose at these stakes?"
should be studying for finals  key word: should 
2 hours until physics 2 final    then packing time 
"well, this week is going to suck "
doesn't think a student should be able to understand and e playful lain a lab better than the <propfemale> does 
funny how much more sense everything makes after actually reading the textbook  i should have done this weeks ago 
wants to go back to sleep 
has skype! sophia ricoarango
"is wondering whether people are actually being truthful or just trying to think of the dirtiest innuendo possible to make  as much as i would like to join in, i'd rather just be blunt about it and say that yeah, breast cancer is very real and we need to be aware of it do research etc "
"\the significant problems we face today cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them \"""""
"is a straight ally and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly ba11n5 "
"is a straight ally and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly ba11n5 "
11:11  smile 
baking is science for hungry people!
"“remember, remember, the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot  i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot \"",2010-11-05 05:45:26""",b2685dcd9e79bce51e68cced1d66850c,oh? no classes on the 11th? best news all week!
"go to google maps, then click get directions  put japan as the start and usa as the end  read steps 27 and 38 "
"a female dr  frankenfurter? no thanks, glee  don't think i'm going to even bother trying to watch this show after that  annoyed "
"occasionally, i'll bit into a tomato to remind myself of why i don't like them \well, tonight i did just that, and it's just as putrid as it has always been "
can't sleep 
happy thanksgiving  smile 
d: traffic was horrible 
thanks for the birthday wishes!!
<propfemale> christmas~!  love 
"i want to play the silent hill games, though the only one i own is the room and i don't even have that at the apartment  annoyed \time to check if gamestop has any of them >>"
