feed527391458c8b16bae0a5c4566d8c
completely wide awake o o looking for something to do   
more grad parties today!
game night at <propfemale> arbor
<propmale> was hilarious!!!!!
gameworks later on!
grad parties
job interview later on today  laugh 
just moved into my dorm!!!
excited as hell for classes tomorrow!!
3 14 = p1 e
"whoaa the word \  ok   \""   looks like a little person"""
needs to finish this essay  annoyed 
yeaaaaah new season of house!
starting my essay and studying for the bio exam  yay!
"studying, then finishing my essay for english  then studying even more   "
it's going to be a really long week  annoyed 
i love how my floormates like to blast their music so the whole hall knows how good their taste of music is  > >
why haven't i started on this english paper due tomorrow  (x x)
fuuuuuck!!!!!!!!!! it's only monday
i  love  caffeine pills
<propmale> state needs insomnia cookies  annoyed 
needs better time management skills 
putang <propfemale> have to read chapter 1-4 tonight with jr watching over me
last minute studying for bio exam  annoyed 
fucking crazy ass night at coaches!!!
"yaaaaaaa!! going to be dancing in an auditorium to \everytime we touch\""   """
actually reading! feeling pretty accomplished  smile 
another greeeeaaaaat night!!!!!!!!
"think i caught a cold, gotta finish reading a book tonight and a lab report for tuesday  fml"
having one of those shitty days where everything that can go wrong happens fml!!
~ready to ace this anthropology test
*sigh*
having a lazy day
ahh shit almost 1!? i need to finish this paper!!!
fuuuuck yes paper due thursday now english cancelled tomorrow holy shit!!!! i'm so happy
writing the shit out of this paper!
lucid dream time  smile 
yaa can't wait for erebus tonight!!!  laugh 
"yes, finished this paper right on time   laugh "
yay starting korean class wednesday  laugh 
w00t just got borderlands
"fun as hell working in the haunted house, especially scaring my professors haha"
omg i think im becoming an alcoholic
getting homework done  annoyed 
aahhh! craving for some mango and green tea mochi right about now!!
time to focus on whats important 
this paper is raping  annoyed  changed my topic like 3 times fml
hmmmm     keep studying for bio? or techno club?!? psssshhh fuck bio  laugh 
yes! first day back and already a few shots of henny  smile 
so fucking happy my paper got pushed till the 8th  smile 
daaamn it  have to make a blog for my final project in english  annoyed 
just a few more weeks!
6 pages evaluating a movie should be fun  annoyed 
fml just realized how much shit i gotta do   
 love  the snow
where are we? what the hell is going on? the dust has only just begun    to form crop circles in the carpet  sinking    feeling   
reading till my eyes bleed
forever young! i want to be forever young! i want to live forever! young
thinking of studying for bio early   
week of studying  annoyed 
almost done with anthropology papers! then i can finally study for bio all night! so fuckin excited!
sweet just found out i got an extra day for my paper 
"\i have an ass for brains so even when i? take a shit im droppin knowledge!!\"""""
fuck yaaaaaaaaaaa found my stupid key!! things are looking better  joyful 
"time is tickin'  t-time is tickin', tickin'   t-time is tickin' away    13 hours till deadline   "
studying till 5 then last final then relaxin  smile 
wohoooo new years celebration part two!?!?
black  wink 
youth and revolt was hilarious! def worth watching  playful 
breaks over time to get shit done  annoyed 
wooo!! back at <propmale>!!!
totally forgot i have early classes this semester!  annoyed  fml
great day  laugh 
lazy day   
"\every step i take now     will not be toward death    but toward life \"""""
lovin life  laugh 
"wow legion was such a terrible, effin movie, wasted 2 hours of life "
quite an eventful night  joyful  hahah
last night was much needed haha
back to sleep
sick
effff! totally forgot about psychology post tests  annoyed 
gonna ace that psych exam for sure!
slept all day   going to be bored all night  annoyed 
fun night lmao
this is like a flaashback
why are you so unreliable facebook chat 
shutter island! complete mindfuck
ummmm filipino food
wtf <propmale> state?
mmm nothing better than a 6 hour nap o o
???? ???? ???????
ugh cafeteria food is raping my stomach  annoyed 
can't wait for tonight  joyful 
effine love right now apparently i have a fu amn choo beard atm
wtf happened?!?! lamfao
faco idk wjta hgoin tonw
okook i left myy jacket some where fack
scuh an effin lovely ngiht
fack guess illl fin dout whats missiong tomorrow
facebook + drunkenness = funny situations
hmmmm      
i'm guessing i'll never see that jacket of mine ever again  crying 
yayaya shooting range!
finally getting haircut  crying 
in an e playful loring kind of mood o o
such a bs week  annoyed 
needs a shot of motivation  annoyed 
thank you!! <propfirst> juridico and <propfemale> wong for dancing in my presentation!
nap
 love  how music can instantly change your mood
3 14 = pi e
that sure was a fun ride home o o
yaaa <propfemale> arbor tomorrow!
fun day  smile 
r i p  nujabes  annoyed 
feels dead x x
slept all day    still feelin dead  annoyed 
needs one more week  annoyed 
sick x_x
studying for the next few days  annoyed 
is going crazeh! ahhhh
is always sick  annoyed 
ahhhhhh never knew so many things can go wrong in one afternoon <propmale> so ffucking much brother <propfirst>
loving life thanks parth patel <propmale> <propfirst>!  love 
stomach is raping me
just bought my ticket to hell
lovin this lovely weather  smile 
going to be one amaaaaazing weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thinking of donating plasma for extra money  joyful 
lmfao  love  messing with cousins for their first time drinking  laugh 
short nap then hopefully studying for the night  surprise 
semester is almost done!!!!!!!!!
i love sleeeeeep  joyful 
lovin life
ahhhhhhhhh just want to sleep this whole week away!
just want to melt into my bed so i can sleep forever  surprise 
missing something  annoyed 
needs an escape like noow!
semesters done!!!!!!!
phones fucked up need a new one  annoyed 
gunna be a looong night  surprise 
do what it takes till it takes everything you are
hoedown part 2 tonight!!!
study maybe?
feelin good!  joyful 
thank you aandp for killing my summer 
bleh no phone till i get it back tuesday
mmmm love sleeping in my unair-conditioned room   
ah fack you summer class
love it when people think i'm drunk when i'm really not     d:
"learn from your past, don't forget it  prepare for your future, don't fear it  live for the moment, don't lose it "
"since that chapter of my life is over, time to create the next  ^ ^"
thinking of getting a industrial piercing  surprise 
on a slippery slope  surprise 
study study study  surprise 
food is on my mind 
what an amaazing nap  joyful  ahh and it's so nice out! perfect!
get to upgrade my phone!
bbq today bbq tomorrow i love this!
omahgawd its 6am awefjowant;avseiuhcwqe'tv
mmm yummy mangoes
i tihnk my eyes are bleeding
like a pyramid!!!!!!!!!!!
oh no!! i lost my shoes!  troubled 
reading like the whole day  smile 
fackin lost my phone again! lovely!
about to pass out in this leture    
korean movie night!?!? <propfemale> bonot zac smith
loving the rain  smile 
lmfao well that wasn't suppose to happen  troubled 
yaaaay camping!!!
hahaha family is awesome!!
 troubled 
fun day  smile 
is free falling
whaa! summers almost over!?  surprise 
wow only took short walk outside and now have like 5781-4515917089175 mosquito bites awesome
sleep  love 
needs a job   
woooooooohooooo annn arborrrrr!!!
"kemi mejabi, parth patel, <propfemale> bonot, zac smith, <propfemale> nguyen, rushi surati you're all awesome!!!!!!  laugh "
what a fuckin night    shiiiet
sleeeep  laugh 
life is 10x better when music is playing  smile 
meteor shower tonight  joyful 
wish there were less clouds only saw like 10 meteors d: but it was still amaazing!  laugh 
grudges are so ridiculous and pointless >_>
no homo
ahhhhhhhh eveythings spinnin
sleeping schedule is so effed
sooo excited for new school year  smile  going top make it awesome
eww packing d:
wants a daft punk helmet for halloween
sleep is just not happening  annoyed 
yay beach house for 3 days  smile 
beach house looks amaaaaazing  surprise 
guess ill recover tomorrow  laugh 
feelllun fly like  g6
 smile 
wants school to start nao!
hopefully another good night  joyful 
every step i take now     will not be toward death    but toward life 
errr why did i pick an early class  troubled 
interview today! then wsu  smile 
bwhahahaha fucking hilarious night
good first day back at wsu  smile 
mmm no sleep and at work does not feel good  crying 
42 hours of no sleep  annoyed  besides dozing on and off >_>
gonna catch up on some sleep  smile 
<propfemale> arbor tonight  smile 
is getting sick  sad 
is going to melt into his bed for the rest of the day  playful 
feels soooo much better def needed this day of just rest and relaxation!  laugh 
dally in the alley!!!!!!!!!!!
such a tiring day  troubled 
what!? <propmale> mars is coming to <propmale> state on sept 24?!
arrrgh stop lying  playful 
ugl attempting to study  
1st all nighter of the semester i guess?  troubled 
oh wow almost got ran over i should be more careful with those crosswalk signs d:
it's cold 
wants to just skip to the next weekend 
korean movie time   smile 
time for some change
causa latet vis est notissima
hahaaaaahhhaaa interwsting fuxins day
reevaluating everything   
i like it on my shoulder?  confidential 
"i also like it at the back     \    the back of the car"
wants to flyyyyy
ahhhh this effin computer class is mind numbingly boringgggg d:
needs to do ace this whole exam week! so i can let it all go this weekend !!  laugh 
happy national coming out daay!  smile 
itts overr!!! finally!
rooftop chill time  smile 
fucing shit fuck my car died
needs friday to come now
party aprty padsrty~~~
"today was bleh, but last night was fun  joyful "
hmm was just told that i have beautiful hair by a guy lmao     never felt so flattered so much by a guy  smile  
wow i'm horrendous at parallel parking d:
lucky to have her in my life  love 33  joyful 
wants to hug everyonr
rawrrrrrrrrrr!
x_x
life is always full of surprises d:
holy shit whole laptop screen is cracked d: blobs or black scttered everywhere ahhh!  crying 
filipino horror movies are the best!!! >_>
the hard part driving was watching out for other drunk drivers        d:
yaaaa aikido classes next semester  laugh 
yayaya! somehow fit piano classes in  my schedule for next semster!  laugh 
ugggh i gotta get my shit together before its to late  annoyed 
"bored, done with studying"
"<propfemale> vultre, note: remember   "
yayayaya! <propfemale> arbor!
"my eye is black, what happeendd  surprise "
i'm falling in love with aa d:
lmmmfao ps whoever screenshotted my desktop and made it my wallpaper and then hid everything in my desktop in some random folder fuuuck you serioulsy lolthought i had two overlapping desktops? and that everything was missing   laugh  woooowwwwwww i'm so relieved   
yayayaya!!! love this piano !! jus learned 3 songs!!!  joyful 
snooooooooooow!!!!!  smile 
final next week already!?  annoyed 
oh god why did i drink so muuuuch and     drnks ao much ps this tookg me like 1 :r to get this right soiiiiooo in tiatlyy sober :: playful  meeeh  playful 
ahh i effing love chem o o
- crisha de guzman was here!!  laugh 
"- hi, im wensley && i watch porn everyday  smile "
wow whhaaat a night  laugh 
woow what an emotionally draining movie  surprise   hollly shit     think i found my  faavv movie  smile 
the snow is <propfemale> pretty!  smile 
"ohh man i need new shoes, fell 3 times just to get the mail  troubled "
"ugggh snow i would love you even more if you didn't snow on my drive way and sidewalkk, forcing me to clean your mess  crying "
one last week of school studying! ahhh i can dooo this!!
if you got an texts from me in the past     30 that was def not me  laugh 
ahh i need to focus and just forget about all the unimportant & useless shit that's stuck on my mind d: bleeehhhh
wow    looking at my previous chem exams    apparently i bullshit pretty effin good  laugh  full credit for totally made up answers that don't really make any sense at all    awesome!
<propfemale> excited for tomorroww! ahhhhh!!!
ahhh what a awesomely fun night!  joyful 
fell 7 times so far  crying 
i fail at skating >_>
"ouch ouch ouch ouch it hurts <propfemale> much everywhere, going to retreat to my bed forrever d:"
is becoming nocturnal  surprise 
woooooooo happy new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!!!!!!!!!
i just looooove the piano!!!!
gettin my hair did lmaooo
errrrr think im gettin sick  troubled 
bleeh one last day left till school  troubled 
ahhhhhhhhhh no idea how i'm going to manage with 8am classes for a whole semester
mmmm sleeeep! i  love  tuesdays and thursdays  smile 
huuuungry   
"has an everlasting cold it seems, wth is this, when will i get better!  troubled "
uggh seriously  eff textbooks! i miss those gradeschool & highschool days where books were just given to you  annoyed 
bleh left my charger in my bookbag    left my bookbag on someones car yay no phone  troubled 
omg its <propfemale> cold wtf! ahhh
 annoyed 
ugggh these snowu roads r annoying
is dead x_x
omfg this english 3010 isss soooo unbearable! agagaafjnfjiewidj bleh!
<propfemale> tired of this snow stuff >_>
lmaooo gj parth patel you know you're drunk when you get outta the car at a traffic light to piss on the side of the road hahahahahaha!
pretty fun tonight! lovin lifre idk know exactly why but i juuusst love it!
ahhh yeah! finally got my refund check!! $_$ bout effin time  surprise 
omg what a random and ridiculous night  surprise 
i like chicken nuggets    in my mouth   
i loooove this weather
woooooooo!!!msu tomorrow!!!
became a twitter fag  confidential 
sneaked into a club then got kicked out then talked my way back in then aat the end when we were leaving then got kicked out again wtttf
pleaaaaseeee snow more i need a snow day tomorrow!!!!
3 more pages to goooo !! >_>
such a messs    def done drinking for a whiile 
wants to go to hawaii!!!! for some reason   
slept from 5 to now  surprise  guess ill be up for the rest of the night
i  love  magic sticks  wink 
thought leaving my phone on my car overnight while it rained wouldve ended my phone d: <propfemale> effin happy it works now
i love <propfemale> bonot a lotttt!  love 
skrillex tomorrowww!!!!!! 8o
hating this new chat bs
"dont you hate when you leave ur fb on and your friends stalk your friends on fb and, like assholes, they like all their pictures  troubled "
"never try to parkour when drunk, it will not end well"
halloween's my favorite  love 
ffffffffffffffffffffffffucccccccccccck far east movement was craaazehhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
best part of the night was when i went out for a smoke and 95 5 came over and mistook me for a security guard cuz i was chillin with all of em bwhahahah  laugh 
