4fc352f1b95f726a3147dd6b19aeab1c
"hehe, what happened last night?"
lolroflmaobbq     twice 
blah!
"not gonna lie, i miss msu and cant wait to get back "
is going to drink a mountain dew        finally
"drank the dew now sick  sucks and feel like punching something  more aware and what i thought was true, like always "
knew i was frickin right 
has some freaking awesome friends  love u guys 
now taking ideas for an amazing drawing 
la
really need to do some drawings for <propmale>  just stumped on what to draw  any ideas?
wonders why people take anger out on those who did nothing to them  must be the ignorance of self pity  only way to make life any better is to get up and do something about it 
so i'm not sure why this is happening but i seem to be dissing everyone lol  not serious about most of it but been a smart ass past couple days  feels good lol 
i hate turtles lmao 
it's the weekend
"sunday  a day to lay down by the bay and soak up a uav <propfirst>  what more can i say? it won't be gay  it's gonna be a nice day to say hey, it's sunday "
watching eurotrip 
"click like if i have ever made you smile, then set this as your status   wink "
graduation and college  can't wait 
a lot
sleep smile 
roughly 5 days
4 days
3 kinda lol
lol school and three days 
two days lol
uno!
thinking that these next few hours will go by so slowly 
i hate wal mart
0  ya lol
thanks everyone
just got back from kick ass  best movie i have seen in so long lol 
bored out of my mind
selling an xbox 360  anyone interested?
wondering when this bad weather( mal tiempo) will end (terminar)?
just bought a ton of songs off itunes 
weird how i get scheduled to work five minutes before school lets out 
does anyone else wonder why they are still awake at four in the morning?
omg it's back on but for how long?
"random friend requests, woo? i'm really into skillet right now  wow it's 3 in the morning "
"going to church, i'll be there a while  see you seniors there "
few days left!
"cannot wait for july, going to nyc!"
graduation is just down the hill 
child labor laws are what's on my mind lol 
"truth in how history repeats itself, we are freshmen yet again "
"so, they still have my diploma  they kept it just to piss me off  that, or they are completely dumb, fat, and worthless "
"july 4, 12, and 17"
feel like i have school tomorrow lol 
to work
wondering how summer is treating everybody?
finally got some senior pics so if u want any let me know
so       
is just trollin
"woo no more hardees, ever lol "
goodbye xbox360  see u again someday lol 
time to start the countdown 
spain to the finals!
beware of squaids ppl
"ooooo sunrise, almost time for bed lol "
msu! here i come
lol tired but it's new york  pretty sweet so far and it can only get better 
"two days left, what to do?"
leave nyc tomorrow for dc and then stl late tomorrow night 
"back from nyc, time to get ready for msu "
feel like i need to party
"so i somehow get a million things to draw just spring up into my head after months of being blank, guess what, all my drawing things are in saint <propfirst>  just my luck  these ideas are great too "
i have an idea for the best game ever  it would create a gaming revolution  or just make all other games look like crap 
can i go to bed yet?
so i started planning my world trip today  looks promising  take a little bit to save up money though 
i feel like watching sailor <propfemale> lol
"no no, i love your cookies lol"
\there's nothing here to take for granted\,4fc352f1b95f726a3147dd6b19aeab1c,"in honor of national coming out day, i have something to tell everyone           im a lesbian"
lol im still at 39 50!!! no pink hair for me
42 50
7 left
6 left
5 to go
4     hehe
3
2
unooooooooooo
i take that back  i'm down to 1 poke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> is a hacker
"uno, one more poke needed"
50 50 by <propfemale> <propfemale>
now to decide the shade of pink   
lol 51 50
o wow 52 50
53 50 lol are we going to one hundred now? what happens then?
54 50    will this ever end?
55 50     i give up
maybe someday i will find the brightside to all of this   
class tomorrow 
tomorrow is the start of homecoming woot woot!
"they finally proccessed my financial aid, now i just have to accept the offers"
"jellyfish, it's subtle but it can save your life  "
omg           im white
i reallly dont know where i would be right now if it wasnt for music
all caps in honor of the combination of hyperness and something else     mwahahahaha
"(1)tell me more, (2)no, (1)tell me more, (2)no, (1)tell meee, (2)fine, (1)i hate you"
"is doing well, how are you?"
"good morning world, i truly mean goonight tho, time for bed "
"philosophy blew my mind yet again, not like that you pervs!"
lol      i haves 5 friend requests
lipschitz
i found 20 bucks on the ground woot woot
lipschitz
friday night!!!
"so in the process of rearranging the things on my desk, one of my stereo speakers falls on top of my laptop, it has a battle scar now but im lucky that is it "
good morning!?!
dining halls!!!!!!!!! open your doors for us in woods hall have the munchies
playin with gerrard       hes a guitar
"thisis love my brother(s) week  if you have a brother(s) who has made youlaugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw youstumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  a brother is afriend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazingbrother(s)  i love you big bro"
"lol, i dont know if i dont know that i dont know about me not knowing if i know that i dont know?"
celebrating my half birthday today   
"quote of the day brought to you by <propfirst> <propmale> \w fucking t?      f \"""""
im going to learn my theme song on guitar!
so i learned how to play my theme song on guitar  smile 
"what's on my mind? blonde haired, green eyed sisters  smile "
"i don't really have anything to say so i'll just say \hi\"""""
i saw two asians talking about harroween   
"so if you get belly button raped, are you still a virgin? <propfirst> <propmale>"
happy holloween!!!
so what is everyone dressin up as today?
"tv-\it all started on the 13th minute of the 13th day of the 13th month\""\",4fc352f1b95f726a3147dd6b19aeab1c,hola mis carinos!
<propfirst> enos is doin something pretty nasty in his room right now with a young lady
"theres a party in my bedroom, all night long"
i dowloaded 145 songs today    i didnt reach my bandwith so it's all good!
"i feel weird today, not sure why or what it is"
"<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world tonight, thats if we can find seats "
"saw <propfirst> pilgrim, it was a good movie, far from the greatest though"
"just caught someone checking me out lol, <propmale> gottman caught them too"
go blues!!!
<propfemale> en fuego!   laugh 
blues are in 1st place!!!
"an agry guy at the soccer game yells at the ref \your terrible!\""\",4fc352f1b95f726a3147dd6b19aeab1c,whats your favorite curse word?
listening to breaking <propmale> and preparing for the week ahead 
i need to pee on her
"out of everything someone could have stolen, they stole the fabric softner, wow "
tired of putting time and effort into people who don't give it back
wow
night everyone
i'm bored
go blues!
i need a cuddle <propmale> lol
i like how i can go anywhere on campus and still have wifi
 laugh 
do believe i just e playful erienced the coldest moment of my life   
"so much to do this weekend, and so much on my mind "
happy epic fail day to <propmale> gottman who cant seem to not fail today!!!
i am swellicious  laugh 
hi
"yesterday was pretty swellicious, wonder if today can keep up  "
weird how a simple trip with 4 others to mcdonalds at 2 in the morning turned into a 3 hour adventure
"\wheres my money?\""- stewie"""
time to work on the hardest thing college can offer           laundry!
"someone gets stuck in an elevator, therefore it results in a fire alarm going off at 130 in the morning? doesn't really add up"
"fire alarm at 2 in the mornin, tornadoe at 5 in the afternoon, come on sun e playful losion at 9pm!"
"skillet is in town on the 2nd, i get paid on the 3rd   "
thinks that thanksgiving should be swellicious!
"happy day in which the pilgrims and indians joined forces to take out the american godzilla, and then eat his her body in celebration!"
its goin good  smile 
this break is pretty awesome but i miss msu
they changed the chat message noise thingy!!??!!  it may have been annoying at times but i miss the bop noise
all my electronics are being dumb today
happy national creeper day!!!!!
do you think blondes tell brunette jokes?
skillet is in town tonight and i get paid tomorrow!! anyone wanna help a friend in need???
"so the one person with the ability to help me won't, and for no reason  one word, <propfemale> "
i think i hear skillet from my room  sad 
pokemans ftw!!!!!!
wierd how something as simple as girls not shaving their legs could alter our world 
"\b***s try to kick meh while im down i break ur legs\"""""
taco <propfemale> created two dollar meals for the late night college students  smile 
whats on your mind?
thank you <propfemale> minter for allowing me to use your laptop
"i kinda want to sell my stereo, any buyers?"
"can't do anything right this year, 2011 needs to hurry up!"
i should probably try to sleep lol
"fml? kinda in that mood but at the same time, i just dont care"
anyone else rockin some shorts today?
"lol, im not playing the number game so stop "
wanna fight?
it's a blizzard
is happy that woods and <propmale> are so close to each other
oh yeah! feelin all warm and philisophical on the inside  laugh 
"what to do, what to do?"
"aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh both elevators are broken!!!! i live on the 7th floor, good thing i take the stairs a lot anyway  laugh "
"having one of those days where you feel on top of the world for no reason whatsoever lol, and nothings bringin meh down!  laugh "
 laugh 
"im bored, hit meh up!!!"
dude     laugh 
its cococococoooooooollllllllldddddaaaaaaa!!!!!!
"\are we in the car?\"" - <propmale> gottman"""
1 week from tomorrow <propmale> caldwell and <propfirst> lawzano are getting married!!!!  laugh 
"can honestly say that 2010 has been crazy, and still is   "
wants to drive  laugh 
 playful 
i think i dropped my head   
its been fun
"party wednesday, wedding thursday, then christmas saturday and stl"
"dear ppls of facebook, i have fb mobile and making sure it works "
bored and in <propmale> until 7ish
"acceptance comes from intellect meaning, the more intelligent u r, the better you can comprehend and accept things the way they r, and people for who they are "
caught the garter!!!!  laugh 
"the way things are looking, we might end up with the whitest christmas of meh life  the snow just wont stop"
<propfemale> christmas!!!
happy birthday jesus!!!
just saw some confused birds flying north 
"plans kinda fell apart, looks like its back to <propmale> for new years "
today has to be the coldest day this year
"4am, almost time for bed  smile "
"ill have plenty of time to sleep when im old, or dead, whichever comes first(please be old) "
<propfemale> coooold!
"back at msu! fought with the wireless all day and then went and got a cord, so ha wireless, i need you not   "
"welcome back neighbors    oh whats that? you think your bass is the best? oh ok, let me drown you out for a minute and then we will decide "
"<(\)"""
ima firin meh lazar!!!
"early bird gets the worm? have fu with that, i only have 1 class on mondays and zero classes on friday!!!"
"yes, thats right, your car can roflbbq    i sugggest that your not in there when it happens "
"so, its 4am and im still up    good thing i dont have class until 2pm lol"
goin to class   
"went to class     \are you sure you want to take mth 135 and not 130?\""       hmmm easy class at 6 in the morning or harder one at 2pm      i like a challenge"""
bought a very girly song off of itunes lol
sleep is for high schoolers and old people
man i woke up early  laugh      (he never went to sleep)
"finally finished soul eater, just had to stay up all night to do it "
how's life?
good morning
omgsnow  sooo much that its all one word 
 playful 
 ! ( joyful ) ! 
good morning!
dude i am sotally tober right now  laugh 
hopes there will be many more days like this one to come
what? i do sleep     like 3 times a week lol
*opens fridge* strawberry milk and funyuns?
sooooooo       it's snowing   
snow is waist high at some spots here
"snow, that is all"
is wearing shorts today
has changed into pants lol
"keeps losing weight, dropped a pants size  smile "
"just heard a guy say, \johnny depp's voice is pretty\"""""
is updating his status for the first time in forever
is lookin pretty sexy today despite the fact that he needs a haircut 
finds it weird but funny with all the rear-enders there are on valentines day 
(^-^)
"in a line for a pornography debate and hear a guy say, \its amazing what 12\"" can inspire\"""""
"feelin good, about to head up to <propmale> "
"is going to name his first born son, ziggy <propmale> zurweller "
phone pooped out on me today so im hoping to get it fixed tomorrow
"just got back in the dorm, phone still broke, feel like poo, night everyone  smile "
didnt have the best memory today  annoyed  bright side is that ive been told that im hott lol
time for bro night
"\troll power!\""  you just had to  be there  laugh """
just watched a guy walk into a pole!!! love college  smile 
is in <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfirst> house wondering where they went  annoyed 
"have a loaner phone now but no contacts, text me your name!!!"
back to msu  smile 
learned that he is op today
"no matter what, i'll stand by your side and we will make it through everything together "
hi
"saw an epic middle earth nerd battle, captain <propfemale>, and a pimp in a wheelchair today "
was thinking of how  funny it would be if a character from tron red ringed 
has learned that god created humans to create tissue paper because he was tired of nose pickers 
"college, the only place where my pants go missing   "
life is a beach and im just playin in the sand
<propfemale>
pretty weird day
"random spawn of satan steps out of the darkness and speaks in the most evil tone at late night  \1  why is she in the closed off part of the cafeteria\2  wtf is wrong with her?\all part of a trip to dinner with <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> gottman"
my hair is pink
