3d761a0d2ffa556d5ce66c4d6cc1a784
what do i want for my birthday? any ideas?
i would update my status but nothing is happening    i'm going out of my mind!
hmm    no i don't think so 
um yeah sure
okay i'm ready to go to disneyland now!
just to remind you all    my birthday is on sunday  the 21st   so i better hear from you! oh by the way i'm off to disneyland for the next few days! big kiss  muah!
it's my birthday! yay for me!
thank you to all for wishing me a happy birthday! it was wonderful!
i want a haunted day!
"i will not watch <propfemale> hills, 90210! i will not watch <propfemale> hills, 90210! i'm going to go watch <propfemale>- i'm going to go read "
i wanna go surfing!
hmm    i don't know about this!
i miss everyone at beach camp! i wanna go back but i'm leaving on a jet-plane!
i sleep in chair! yay!
bah! ghosties!
i'm in a - no people mood today 
i don't know - maybe 
trying to pack as much as possible for tomorrow
pretty much ready to go    gotta love travel days!
a feature-length cartoon?
going to disneyland!
what should my status reveal about me today?
i don't feel all that good   
what do i want to do today?
right okay    well i guess it doesn't matter
communication is the key to everything    so why is it that i'm the only one who realizes this?
i got in-n-out!
"the swatches are on the wall, and now all thats left is to pick the colors"
boo school!     ok now i'm ready
done with classes and now i'm home! yay! oh i cannot fathom doing this four days a week!
now all i have to do is all my reading while waiting till yoga class that starts at 8    i think i can manage!
nope  i think i'm done 
i should get dressed knowing i have class in about an hour    but i can't seem to get motivated enough   
"need to sleep    can't sleep    whatever, i'm going to disneyland!"
i'm not sure    maybe
must do homework   
half way done!
"alright, i'm gonna read some biology, finish some history make a to do list and plan some dinner  i got this!"
i love super nanny!
i should start thinking about getting dressed    i think i'll watch hocus pocus instead!
today is okay i guess    i know something you don't know!
i won't get dressed today  methinks tis a lazy day!
back to painting the kitchen
just finishing up the kitchen! it looks good!
had a amazing day  now i'm tired 
doing bio review for test on tuesday
no i will not donate my corneas!
got my halloween costume!
"trying to write my english paper, don't interrupt me  i can distract myself just fine thank you  case in point, facebook "
osteomyelitis or wiskott-aldrich syndrome?
did one good deed today  i've done something to feel good about my life today!
"i screwed up my knee once again  so, i'm lying on the couch with my leg brace on  so very sepsy!"
is drugged and should be going to the hospital tomorrow 
boo i hate doctors!
"it may never be lupus, but it is for this paper!"
i have to finish my term paper    boo school
this paper may be the death of me    i think mayhaps i'll take a half day tomorrow 
i finally finished my ten <propfemale> term paper    maybe next time i won't wait till a few days before it's due    although i've proven it can be done   
class was canceled today    sesame street sucks now   
hmm what should i do today?
oh i don't think i feel good  i would like to go back to bed 
ewww
i did so very well in catching myself up with schoolwork in the last few hours! yay for me! now all thats left is to con my teachers into taking late work for full credit   
who wants to guess how crowded it will be at disneyland tomorrow?
boo i wish i wasn't sick so i could be at camp! happy 50th ecp!
boo! i am done being sick! it's holiday preparation time! doesn't my body know this?
doctors are so ridiculous! i already knew i had an ear infection but i'm so glad he concurred    just give me the amoxicillin!
i'm on information overload about weddings and school    so i'm gonna go to bed 
someone come visit me! i need some friend time!
ahh    eggnog!
ok i get it! i'll send in my summer camp application soon! but no more odd dreams about camp!
"boo, project runway! boo!!!"
mmm! fresh cranberries!
well now    isn't that special!
grr! why won't people just entertain me!
just gave madi a bath
ha! i just found out my classes don't resume today! i'm so special!
i've just decided that 16 weeks of classes are bad   
"so i signed up for classes, with some problems, but ultimately its all good because classes don't start for me till the end of march!"
i'm frozen! it's like the arctic in my room! it's at least 20 degrees colder than the rest of the house
"all good songs have no meaning, that way they can mean anything to anyone because they don't mean anything at all!"
iwiniwiniwin   i win! i beat dad at jeopardy!
yay christmas and the amazing feeling when you give!
done with finals!
oh i've slept so late! now i can't wake up enough to function properly and i don't want to go to the dentist!
oh i am up extremely early!
ahh   the joys of doing laundry!
where in disneyland can you see a dead body?
had a wonderful time talking about dark matter and the evolution of homo-sapiens among other things last night!
"happy christmas, or <propfemale> christmas if you prefer!"
ten million slaves crossed that ocean they had shackles on their legs
television is such crap now    no wonder i stopped watching 
life is too important to be taken seriously! - <propfirst> wilde
totally gearing up for winter retreats!
green!
how is it that all things lead to camp?
i need a disneyland fix!
it's national hat day today! celebrate by wearing your favorite hat!
"21 jump street marathon! admit it, you're so jealous!"
derwood the fish is dead
home safe and sound
"i say, mrs  hudson's comings and going and goings and comings appear most sinister "
yay for mamma mia sing-a-long and mommies!
woohoo for mojitos!
in the middle god had some fun! he made a hippo that weighs a ton! why do i have the hippo song in my head today?
so i just finished my phone interview for camp- and i'm not sure what to think 
i'm watching <propfemale> & <propfirst> because it's awesome!
"dad left this morning for charleston, sc and won't be back till friday night and i have to start going to classes today- oh boo!"
i feel like i never get to do anything anymore and classes just started! i have to do everything late at night because i don't get home till 6 6 smile 0- i'm tired! and here i am wasting more time on facebook!
no! not pandora boxx! this is just awful!
sitting in the airport waiting to get on the plane   
je devrais faire <propfemale> lecture     mais je dis écrire des choses inutiles en français à la place!
sitting in class dreading my test results- also waiting for class to start
it's disney time!
i have about an hour before i have to be dressed to go to class    so i think i'll be in sweats just a teeny bit longer!
i'm not functioning well today at all
i love it when i don't want to go to class and it turns out to be canceled!
i still don't feel good yet somehow i have to motivate myself out of my bed and go to class so i can make up two tests that i've missed so i can pass my class- why must i get sick at the most inopportune times?
i've got one last final in a little less than 2hrs and i'm sleepy
i'm done! oh thank the lord i'm done with finals!
to the play!
27 days 11 hours 10 mins!
getting my hair did!
i just got in and i'm surprised at how some things went and not so surprised with others- all in all a good night
12 days 11 hours 49 minutes
corvette diner cause it's my birthday! or because i say it's my birthday!
does anyone know when i should be to camp?
down to civilization! woohoo!
on the road!
21st birthday celebration for me!!!
i'm in a ghosty mood and not one kind of haunted anything is on television! how very rude!
"so i was going to go to church in the morning- but driving through pb at any time tomorrow sounds like an awful plan- unless you enjoy crazy drunk people and their shenanigans - that's a legit excuse to miss church, right?"
"just doing my extremely large heap of laundry- for those of you that have seen it- yes, i'm finally washing it!"
its official -  i'm addicted to phineas and ferb!
going to sorcerer's apprentice with the parents
on my way to the airport - hopefully i have everything
"prance, i said!"
here i am at disneyland waiting for my shift to start
"yeah that's right i'm watching the view's 3,000th episode "
doing paperwork    i should really go to sleep    but it's hot
"yeah that's right, i'm staying up to do laundry and the dishes, what of it?"
it's so christ-chic
"instead of \corrupting\"" people i turn them on to disney  it's the new drug!"""
"if at first you don't succeed, complain loudly untill they give it to you"
i'm really wishing i didn't go on the pottery barn website right now 
i've finished it!
everybody likes popsicles frozen suckers!
orangina!
i'm getting new boots!
