ec8b2fcaaf7301f8130eb3e5ad5b6fc7
<propfemale> and i are painting our room  fun 
im babysitting babies
hey everyone  my dad fell out of a tree and got a c6 fracture  he is in the hospital  pray for him please 
camp meeting is almost here   smile 
my dad is coming home on friday  smile 
just to let you know my dad is home! and i saw hulk hogan in oakhurst   smile 
who else is excited for break and the prayer conference? : )
i'm sixteen today!!!! thanks for all your happy birthdays guys : )
man the things girls say in bathrooms    
it is snowing!!!!
"my brother <propmale> walked through the kitchen and sayed \something smells like poo \"" just as he walked by i smelt it also  turns out it was him """
took a semi cross country walk yesterday and as a result has poison oak  sad  i should have know better 
auuuugghhhh    poison oak between the fingers   hard to type        ouch
leaving for honduras tommorrow!
back on freakin facebook
swimming swimming swimming!
is going to fail ib spanish next year : (
my ankle looks like a balloon : (
got stuck in a dress in a dressing room today : ( and had to have a lady help her out of it 
my parents were like making out  gross 
i wish decision making was not so difficult 
poison oak : ( it isn't terrible though 
<propmale> farted while i was changing his diaper  i got a big whiff of it : ( nasty!
so what is my homework for ib english? i know it is something about getting quotes?pls&thnku?
"i'm sorry that people are so jealous of me    but i can't help it that \i'm so popular  ; )"
i lost a poke game with <propfemale> schneider       sad 
i have a where's <propfirst> dollar <propmale>! i am so excited : )
"i love <propfemale>, she is the best sister in the whole wide world!!!!"
my sister is the worst sister in the whole world actually  she posted that so technically she loves herself and thinks she is the best sister in the world 
i have a secret!!!!!! and only one other person knows about it right now!!! so intense!
yuck  this ib biology stuff is so annoying 
"i would like to go swimming, but it is too cold! : ("
i got a library card  = ) now i feel really cool 
uuuuggghhh  some people need to learn that sinks are not trashcans 
power studying for the psat tomorrow 
yessss!  tgif!!!! no school for a week!
my cat died  sad 
just got back from prayer conference  now i must write that essay     
i got a phone! yay 
and can i get a hot tub!!!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! : )
christmas break starts in 11 days!!!!
omg <propfemale> guzman and my amazing sister are so cool! we had the best time at <propfirst>'s house  smile   smile   smile !!
pooooop smile  it makes me giggle  loudly!
poop doesnt make me giggle! it makes <propfemale> giggle! gahhhhh 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
something amazing just happened! my sister passed her driving test!!  i dont even have to punch her in the face now! = ) and she can drive me places 
did all my teachers get together and decide this is overload <propfemale> with a thousand projects and essays week? i think so  ; (
i can't wait till wednesday! honduras for 10 days = ) and 2 1 2 weeks of no school 
what did you do with my underwear!!!?!???
i miss my phone  sad  it was stolen   
