9f7d6c88ac0549f25cf2404c2ceec9ce
is getting her poetry in an <propmale> zine!
love's her new hair color
had a good day  smile  and tomorrow i go to the shooting range!
camping was so much fun
is going to vegas today!
"parsimonious: defective, insufficient, incompetent; adoption of the simplest assumption in the formulation of a theory"
"meter fairy: today my parking meter went out of order after i put 30min in but i needed to park for 3hr, i was upset 'cause i'd have to pay for that 30min twice and parking has been costing me a lot of money, luckly a meter maid drove by i told her what happed and she gave me free parking for the rest of the day!"
"i fixed my camera! i love random blogs with tips! and i finally got the wifi at <propfirst>'s house to work on my laptop, yep sitting in bed right now!"
i got an a in my summer class and now i get a break!
yesterday was  a great day!
"<propfemale> rio was a lot of fun, great night!"
"getting very excited about the family camping trip, just have a couple last minute things to get together everything else is taken care of "
had a lot of fun camping!
"i feel so lazy, i wish i could do things just by thinking about it "
i dyed my hair!
"so i'm still going to the slam saturday to get my homework done but i won't be reading because it's a qualifying slam for the individual world poetry slam in december, way out of my league  sad "
"grow me petals where dirt was annoyed \you see me swinging from tree branches, arms reaching forward, tip toeing my naked feet along bark, my tattered teal party dress torn where you tarnished what we had still hanging from my flesh and don't really recognize what is here of the once regal now wilted girl you left regurgitated because boy you never believed that you could make me grow like a botanist "
oh noooooossssss i'm preggos o o naw jk <propfirst> is on <propfirst>s <propfemale> hello <propfirst>'s world
i like it against the bookshelf
mouthy irresponsible people are starting to piss me off
"i am registered for my final 3 classes at the u of a: senior seminar, 4th semester asl, & gay & lesbian lit "
9 inches  sad 
"to chris: bills, medicine, mail, homework, chili"
"<propfirst> made me dinner, it was super yummy!"
you shouldn't have to id your date
"put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was \killed in hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters during \the second wizarding war  the order brings unity, but the death eaters \continue to <propmale> division and hatred  over 50 citizens died in the \         terrorist attack against hogwarts   93% of people won't repost this  \repost this if you support dumbledore's army "
"my computer wouldn't let me go online when i needed to email a paper but magically does 30 minutes later, this is getting annoying"
"i think i have an 88% in my african american studies class (if my math is right) based on the grades she's posted she still hasn't posted my presentation, if i magically got 15 15 on that it'd boost my grade to a 90% and i can avoid the final  i'm sure i'll have to take the final but i feel good about my grade "
happy happy me!
"thank you everyone, we've gotten so many congratulations and really appreciate it "
"so much homework, but i'm still on top of it, a bit ahead"
it's too cold the u of a should cancle all classes today 
"i got feedback from persona which is so cool, of course its critiques to make it better and has no reference as to whither they'll be publishing anything of mine, but now i have some editing and like \professional feedback\"" and i'm excited"""
"i got the greatest book ever from bookman's yesterday, it's a signed copy of one of my professor's poetry books which are hard to find since most are out of print and he passes away in 2009 so it's not like i can go ask him for his signature, i'm so excited it's the first book i own of his "
"oh life, i'm so happy"
there is snow everywhere!
"the <propfirst> <propfirst> concert was so much fun, <propfirst> got me the best <propfirst>'s day gift"
