6f811f922366f51ab63185a48187c6f7
is it true   ? the geese   ? dead?!
back from the titan's game   dang <propmale> looked good!
"back from district 9   simply put, the most indescribably amazing film i have ever seen   unbelievable "
"hold up, wait a minute   "
"is sick  ya, sick tuesday, better wednesday, suddenly sick again this morning  fml"
well crap 
"sick, but 7-0 never felt better!!!"
way to go chiefs!!!
 surprise  baby! just 4 more to go!!!
"9 down, 3 to go"
we love our tigers!
"yea, we did just beat the steelers   you know that team that beat the titans    go kc!!!"
"\global warming debunked via the very internet that <propmale> gore invented  oh the irony!\"""""
happy new year and go ou! boomer sooner!
great way to bring in the new year!!!  congrats oklahoma! fiesta bowl champions!  boomer sooner!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all of y'all are awesome   im doing alright   out of town to work on some things   i'll try to keep ya updated 
i am doing pretty well  still not sure when i am coming home but i am getting closer 
"i'm sorry i dont have time to respond individually to all of you, but thank you all for your thoughts and prayers   im doing well and making progress, going back to partial probably next week   i love and miss you all and cant wait to come home "
i hope the class of 2010 had an awesome weekend at disney world!  thank you all again for your support   i'm going to partial tuesday   i wont have my comp or phone but i will do my best to keep in touch   love and miss u all!
2 days of partial are down   things are not spectacular but they are at least going   thanks everyone for your continued prayers   hopefully things are moving in the right direction!
7 days down  thingsare looking a little better i think  i have got to keep looking forwardand hopefully things are getting  will continue to get better  thank you everyone for everything 
"i want to thank everybody for their prayer and support   im not yet better and ill be working on my stuff all summer, but after 5 months, im coming back to nashville on thursday   ehs and all my fellow students, i cant e playful ress how much i will miss you all and how special you all have been to me   i wont be back as a student, but know that im a tiger for life "
story and song was amazing!  it was great to see so many of you again!  good luck to all at graduation and i thank you all again 
congratulations to the class of 2010!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day and know that i thank you for making these last four years so special   im so sorry i cant be there but i will definitely be there in spirit   congrats again!!!
thank you <propmale> <propmale> 
"even the announcers know, that was a goal "
in cali for the week   why cant all weather be like this?
"that is how you play from whistle to whistle, 90+ minutes   congratulations to us soccer!"
coming back to nashville tomorrow morning   with time change it is a 7 hour flight!  this should be fun 
aaaaaagggggghhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
"how is it possible that the more i work do, the longer my to-do list gets?"
"they laughed at <propfirst> armstrong when he said he was gonna go to the \<propfemale>  now he's up there, laughing at them "
"i do not like this uncle <propfirst>, i do not like his health care scam i do not like these dirty crooks, or how they lie and cook the books i do not like this speaker <propfemale>, i do not like this 'yes we can' i do not like this spending spree, i'm smart, i know that nothing's free, i do not like your smug replies, when i complain about your lies    i do not like this kind of hope  i do not like it  nope, nope, nope!"
hi ricketty whoop te do    boomer sooner okla u!
missing catlett already   ou is gonna be freakin amazing!
"favre   leaving   cant breathe   i was just thinking, favre has been a qb in the nfl longer than i have been alive   it wont be the same without him "
"i put my hands up in the air sometimes, sayin ou, sayin ou!"
for real favre    unretiring a 3rd time!!!
i dont care what the issue is    52% of california voters (a majority) voted to ban gay marriage   now one state judge decides to overturn it?!  this is perhaps  the least democratic thing i have ever seen in our great nation   judge <propmale> should be ashamed 
"im sooner born, im sooner bred, and when i die i'll be sooner dead!"
congratulations to <propfirst> haynesworth on finally passing a simple conditioning test   $100 million   wow 
"finished filling in my ou schedule on my calender   compared to ehs, its actually quite decent  any catlett people taking calc, microecon, english comp, or film video?"
"just went through a load of clean laundry   there were 15 socks and only four pairs   7 random socks   as you might imagine, i am quite confused "
good bye nashville  sad 
"hello <propfirst>, oklahoma!  boomer sooner!!!"
"ensworth tigers, so proud of y'all   i watched the game from my dorm   they're a tough team and you played them hard   hold your heads high   go tigers!!!"
first day of classes!
just got ou football season tickets confirmed!!!  hellz ya!!!
class starts tomorrow at    3 smile 0 pm   man i love college 
just had film video   where we watched die hard  did i mention i love college?
"\our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate  our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure   \"" - <propfemale> williamson"""
i have just learned that the university of oklahoma is also home to one of the loudest tornado sirens known to man    right outside my dorm room   it will be going off every friday at noon   
"the people in my calc class spend the whole class talking to each other, getting up, sleeping, or just plain not paying attention  i am not so much bothered by this… i just can't stop wondering what <propfirst> <propmale> would do  it's quite amusing to think about "
it's on like donkey kong   
"hooray   kc only lost by three     fyi, last preseason chiefs victory: august 28, 2008   i hate being a chiefs fan sometimes "
at the pitt state game in oklahoma! go gorillas!!!!!
way to go pitt! 1-0!!!
screamin' for tulane and orleans darkwa tonight at 7!!!
"\dean doesn't mean sausage anymore!\"""""
"orleans darkwa - 75 yards, 3 tds and a w   incredible man   congrats "
boomer sooner!!! time to join the 800 club!!!
"ok, ugly, but a win   welcome sooners to the 800 club!"
"the headline of the <propfirst> transcript: \what was that?\"""""
i love college football!
"i'm standing up, imma face my demons   i'm manning up, imma hold my ground   i've had enough, now i'm so fed up, time to put my life back together right now "
alright sooners!  time to get a big w!!!
get louddd sooners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
um    47-17 against who?! boomer sooner!!!
"save me, san <propfirst> is maybe the best album i've heard since    well, since my private nation   train is unbelievable "
9 minutes into the season: we've had two 3-and-outs and gotten cassel sacked   go kc 
woooooohoooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  go chiefs!!!!!!!!
i take back everything negative i said about kc   i haven't seen these chiefs since <propmale> vermeil   this is a new <propfemale>   what's up kc!!!  1-0!!!
"who can catch lightnin' in a bottle, set fire to water?"
"dear printer in my room,\1 surprise 0 am is not an okay time for you to stop working   please work now "
has now decided that bk cini-minis are one of the greatest creations ever
way to go tigers!  that was ensworth football done right 
just got back from get him to the greek  best comedy since the hangover  hilarious!
game day baby! boomer!!!
i love this   go chiefs! 2-0!
"life is a beach, i'm just playin' in the sand  - weezy"
"\3-5 <propfemale> essay rough draft due friday\"" definitions annoyed ",6f811f922366f51ab63185a48187c6f7,12 hours of sleep    at last   i cannot e playful lain how good that felt   now shower and off to a rugby game!  boomer!
"a little too close for my liking, but boomer sooner!"
go chiefs!!!  undefeated going into the bye!!!
zombie nation
"\i can do all things through christ who gives me strength \"""""
"opened my door to the shock of seeing the room was trashed and things were thrown all over   upon further investigation, all is well; i am just that messy   i think that means it's time to clean my room   "
boomer sooner!!!!! beat saxet!!!!!
28-20!!! boomer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propmale> mcelroy: new plan, start crying and promise the media you'll work harder than anyone they've ever seen and that you won't lose again   see if they'll still let you go to the national championship   i hear that works   "
selling a non-student ticket if anybody has people coming in for homecoming  any interest?
"so    i moved to <propfirst> e playful ecting an increase in tornadoes   this morning though, not ready for that one   that was awesome though!"
"so, if you're <propfirst> shooter and he's <propfirst> durden, then where is <propmale> <propfirst>?  and for that matter, who is kaiser soze?"
we're number one!!!!!  boomer!!!!!
"starting this week, the nfl will suspend players not just for helmet-to-helmet, but for \devastating hits \""  i'm sorry    i thought this was football """
"atta way kc!  sooners, we'll bounce right back   no worries "
woohoohooooo!!! what a game! what a drive! what a win! go kc!!!
"\we are now able to project that the republican party will take control of the us house of representatives by taking around 60 seats    this is the largest seat turn-around since the democratic take-over of 1948 \"""""
it's a tidal wave folks!!!
"cnn: \what we are witnessing here - from east coast to west coast - is a shellacking \"""""
mba @ ehs - wish i could be there   go tigers!!!
well this day sucked 
well this weekend was terrible  for once i'm actually semi-looking forward to a monday 
anyone selling their student tech game ticket?
if anyone knows of or has a spare student ticket to the game i need to buy one!
"oh sleep, how i have missed you for the last 36 hours "
putting on my ensworth game-day gear   get 'em boys!  go tigers!!!
"so, i'm gonna go ahead and say it:  i think cam <propmale> should go play for the cincinnati bengals   he would fit in with the guys there nicely   he might even get to add to cincy's arrest total if he's lucky "
"wow, congratulations tigers!  hell of a win!  great work!"
"so, sooner football for the last two years- home: 14-0  away: 1-7   anyone else confused by this?"
a bunch of people die and it could be plants but we don't know for sure   the end   thank you m  night shyamalan for wasting 90 minutes of my time   please be good again!
just got a ticket to the big xii championship!  now come on sooners!  take us to <propfirst>!
get 'em tigers! semis tonight!!!
way to go tigers!  outstanding comeback!  state bound!!!
thank you sooners for showing up on the road  time for bedlam!
is home!!!
happy thanksgiving everybody!
two things i thought i would never say:  gig 'em and roll tide!!!
and thug <propmale> gets what he deserves    this is beautiful 
"please, please roll tide"
that was the most incredible college football game that i have ever seen   unreal   congrats to <propfemale>!
great evening with <propfemale> myriah daniels and great victory for my sooners   this was an awesome saturday!!!
"back online after being sick, wondering, did the sporting world go crazy?  cam is eligible, <propfirst> <propmale> and cortland finnegan are not suspended, and    fifa? qatar? really???  oh well, more importantly, go ensworth tigers!!!"
"ensworth is in the state championship and the game is being shown on the internet   however, the internet in my dorm is too slow for the video feed and the only wifi spot fast enough is across campus   i am tired and sick and it is cold outside   i am faced with quite a dilemna    but we all know where i'm going  smile   gooooo tigerssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"what a win!  congratulations ensworth!  tigers are state champs!!!!!  as always, so proud to be an ensworth tiger!!!"
on the way to <propfirst> for the big xii championship! boomer sooner!!!
bye muschamp!
"\the heisman memorial trophy annually recognizes the outstanding college football player whose performance best exhibits the pursuit of excellence with integrity \""  ya    right """
"so, i should be studying, but if one more person says \cam <propmale> is one-of-a-kind\"" i'm gonna lose it   \",6f811f922366f51ab63185a48187c6f7,"brodie croyle, why are you so bad?"
"cannot describe how good it feels to be done with microeconomics  1 down, 2 to go!"
i hate it when my shirt touches my belly button! - minkee <propfirst> <propfirst>
is it strange that i'm listening to pump up music for exams?  i think so   it's definitely the only educational purpose to be found for ac dc   
studying + pump up music + brief workout + good lunch + full throttle = so ready!  back-to-back exams between me and home   film and biz calc    bring it 
frrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeddddoooooooommmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that was the most epic way to end my semester ever! silent bizz rave 2010 !!!
to the 2:8 house and then bye <propfirst>! 620 here i come!!!
good to be back in the pitt!!!
d2l    please come back   that is all 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!
"no matter what it takes you, shine "
"chicken <propfirst>'s, the mall deli, and <propmale>'s steakhouse   the pittsburg trifecta is complete!!!"
let's go chiefs!!!
"see kids, with a little hard work, a stolen laptop, $200,000 in illegal benefits, and a really good lawyer, anything is possible!"
<propfirst> here i come!!!
great uosa retreat today!  gonna be an awesome semester!
back to class tomorrow     
"yep, that was what i needed!  awesome xa latenight!"
"at approximately 11:15pm, <propfirst>'s iphone officially went into a coma   i hope that it might wake soon, but it does not look good   if you need to reach me, xandershaun@gmail com is my email or facebook works too "
"thanks to a screwdriver, a paperclip, a key, my ou id, a pair of tweezers, a box of baking soda, and a coke cup, my phone is now open   mcgyver ftw!    maybe "
i have a phone again!
did i mention i hate texas   
it's not a cry you can hear at night and it's not somebody who's seen the light   it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah 
"\same team! same team!\""  <propfirst> bontempo"""
snowpocalypse!!!!!  this is insane!
just got the no school text for tomorrow! it continues!
"haha, so answering the how does your chair thing do on snow and ice question, not well   day 3 of classes cancelled tomorrow though!!!"
"turns out, zertec makes me unable to sleep  at least i can breathe while i lay here…"
wants to stop being sick 
