28b8aea9f4ebe64452cbac1102d12538
ugh up all night agian playing rock band!!!
wwjt- what would jesus text! lol
ugh just got my braces tightend!!! they hurt soooooo bad!!!
how can i go from a great day to a bad day in the matter of a text?!?!
no one pays me in gum  sad 
yeah today was a bad day :[
yay this school year is almost over  which means summer is right around the bend!
heck yea its the end of the year! no more crazy techers and fake females  life is good!
"today was a very bad and painful day  i got my tonsils taken out  and i was doped up on pain meds half the day  and i've been in bed all day asleep  plus the doctor told me to try not to do \vigorus\"" activities for 3 weeks! what a great way to start my summer!"""
i just got home and found a get well soon card from my color guard buddies
wowww looks like im never eating mcdonalds again ---> http annoyed  theuglymcdstruth com
"like, im sick and tired of people sayin they dont do somethin but be the main ones doin it    what the heck has this world come to??"
why does life have to be so complex???
lol i thimk its hella funny when females come at me crazy  they really think i care  it make me laugh 
today was so funny afer school wih <propfirst> two'snickers knox  and lexi love  even though i did almost get rapped  lol
im like hella mad rite now  i just fell like punching someone 
for some reason dis rain is making me sad and sleepy 
i  hate when people my own age tell me how <propfemale> live my life 
i hate when friends go out with the guy i like     sad 
yea its goin <propfemale> be hella awkard tomorrow at school   
for some reason i paint my  nails 1st <propfemale>  smile 
"\if you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty \"" \",28b8aea9f4ebe64452cbac1102d12538,"i think its funny when a girl says shes \talking\"" to some dude but if <propfemale> ask him about it he dosent know who she is """
 love 
today was funny after school with lexi love lol now i cant look at people the same way!!!
i wish i could cook better  sad 
omg i just ate a some chicken!!
"yea its offical i lost my phone charger, now i have to go buy a new one  annoyed \"
just watched <propfemale> with my little cousin and i learned more spanish  smile 
"\a persons a person no matter how small\"""""
today was  the worst day of my life point blank 
just wana tell everyone who wished me a happy brithday today that i love them!
i think i'm coming down with a cold  sad 
wow i really want some girl scout cookies!!
i'm super upset right now  but the problem is that i don't know what i'm mad at  there's just to much crap in my life at the moment  i need a vacation from life 
its crazy how you dont know what you had till its gone  annoyed 
i'm super happy right now! my dad just told me were going to florida for spring break!!
ok question :why every time i try and help my family out i end up getting yelled at by my mom???
pretty little liars has me going crazy right now!!!
so confused    
back home but crazy sick   
