734577ef3e07a4f5dfd75544ca2e1a73
just got home from a long day @ work at least i got 2 days to spend wit the love of my life and 5 days till my bday
got up this morning and all alone i wonder where everyone went??  sad 
ahhhh just got off work @ home relaxin waitin for tommorow  hopefully this car im lookin @ is good enough to buy  wish me luck 
well now that school is over its time to look at this car wish me luck fb have a nice day
"well the car was ok it had its problems, and for the price we nust didnt think it was worth it i do want to thank the people that tried looking and tlkin for me it has been one of the nicer cars ou there ive looked at"
well off of work my knee is killing me but what can u do  good news got a car and i call it my rent a car  well nothing relly to do 
got off work! off for two days woohoo  i am spending a grat day wit my baby tommorw  if u get to spend time wit the one u love tommorow give me a comment 
i had the most amazing day in the world today  how can making one decision be the best decision to make ever  all i can say is i loved today!
woke up this morning and realized i have had the best three months of my  happy three month aversery baby i love u wit everything i have in me 
this is to all my true family and friends  thanks for all the support over the past few weeks it has been really ruff and those people that were ther to back me up i just wanted to say thanks alot love everyone!
well im up out of bed and mobile  now im e playful ected to learn what more could they want  but seriously today has been ok cnt wait for this weekend  its goin to b amazing
well just uploaded a album of my personality and my likes and love hope yall enjoy today is going bettet hopefully stays that way!
well just got off work  finally now im tlkin to my wonderful gf i love u <propfemale>
well i just got up  i cant wait for my baby to get home so i can tlk to her  its been such a boring morning 
apparently im an ass! well thats a new one nt! oh well if anyone is ass like me give me a comment and we will b an ass together 
well what i thought was goin to b a good day turns out horrible  thnx a lot certin people
well im waiting on my baby idk whats taking her  oh well im getting my bath
got paid today and my money is pretty much gone wooptydoo!
"well another day another dollar i guess  off of work and watching a scary movie  my baby has a head ache and is goin to bed early  goodnight baby  and a good night to all my friends and family, and of corse goodnight fb"
had an amazing evening i watched paranormal activity 2 and it was amazing! scared the shit out me and my baby  such a great evening tho hope these will last goodnight fb   smile 
well just got off of work i think relaxation is the <propmale> key right now ahhh bath snds like the best solution ha ha 
wow good day got better not only did i get my car i get to tlk to my baby wat else could b better
"well today was amazing untill got bad news  well my best friend is an ass as far as it goes  oh well spent day with my baby, it was amazing "
well just got up a lil too early the nigmares strike again oh well at least i will get to go to basset after school yay me!
well im up and @ skewl so much fun! nt really lol   hope i did well on my statistics test  i dnt thnk i did tho oh well i guess  but last night was great and im so glad i have the best gf in the world  love everyone 
home really irritated cant believe how today has went so horrible just throw me in my coffin and close it  its supposed to get easy but its nt
just woke up actually slept really good for once  slept so good i got a headache frm sleeping lol  hope rest of the day is good like this one 
just got off work and im pissed some people just dont knw to leave stuff well alone or leave me alone god i wish i was away frm all this drama 
just got out of school gladly to say its the weekend for me anyway cant wait for tommorow because i am goin to basset
just got off work and had to put oil in my car nt fun but o well at least its good on gas  hope tech <propfemale> gt ha ha 
woohoo a big win for <propfemale> tech wait to goooo boys hokie hokie hi
well tired goin to bed just like my baby goodnight or should i say goodmorning fb
just got off work and out of bath guess im goin to relax most of day
"home, has anyone wondered when they look at the person they love and thnk they could do better than u or that they deserve better  its hard to thnk like tht but it pops in my head all the time  hope it passes tho "
off work had a funday kicked my uncle in laws butt at chess woohooo im a smart cookie 
y is it when i am always in the middle of any situation  idk maybe i just cause drama  all i can say is fml cnt wait to get a place of my own
"home  had a great day with my baby  i hope her stress and problems are all solved, i love u <propfemale> goodnight, and goodnight fb!"
just got up i guess im going to clean my car and my mothers suv   hope it goes well 
washing the car was actually fun learned a lot about the car and everything and best of all i get to c my baby tonight go basset high scael
"got back from basset  it was ok  would have been better if i actually got to spend some quality time wit my baby, but didnt get tht much"
just got home frm school got a lil work to do but nt a lot so yay me! ha lol 
just got off of work at home  get paid tonight @ 12 tonight yay me cnt wait till i get paid
out of bed and relaxing working on hw nt so fun tho  lol
just got off of work and had to go back to exchange some speakers im so glad to b home im tlkin to my baby have a nice one facebook 
goodnight fb!
out of school goin to relax and do hw if anyone wants to tlk txt or send me a message via facebook 
goin 2 bed goodnight facebook 
just got off of work wondering how this weekend will turn out  hopefully it is great or good at least  i miss u <propfemale> 
thnk u friends for everything you guys have done for me also for making me realize i messed up im soooo sorry <propfemale> i over reacted to what u done ur the best  im really sorry  sad 
well im up and moving around thts good i guess im going to try and go back to bed or do hw either one 
sitting here real lonely wishing i had someone to tlk to 
im up! dnt want to b but i am i might try to take a nap after i get back from taking <propfemale> to school i dnt feel good tho  well hope everyone is well  if anyone wants to tlk txt or facebook me see yall later 
"trust: it doesnt come easy for me and when u loose it its impossible to get it back  ive had too many things happen to me to trust anyone, but i try to  now i realize i wont trust anyone but myself and thts tht i guess if u feel u have trust issues feel free to make a comment "
i am up and around kinda bored tho hope everyone is having a nice day 
just got off of work glad to be relaxing maybe tommorow will be better
im up didnt get much sleep gosh sometimes having a gr8 phone convo can kick u in the ass in the mornings ha ha lol 
have u ever noticed how life can throw u curvrballs? or too many curveballs at once? life is very short but also can be very f<propfemale> also  if life has thrown u a few <propfemale> e playful ected curve balls feel free to comment and tell me about them 
just got off work glad to b im froze it was too cold outside
just got off work im so froze its nt funny thank u wal-mart 
just got home frm my babies and had fun  kinda confused bout some thngs kinda need to work them out wit myself  goodnight fb 
im up i cant believe tht it is almost thanksgiving we have less than a week untill we stuff our faces into turkey or ham whch ever is  ur preference  its almost funny how people totaly just skip thanksgiving and then go right into christmas  i love this time of the year 
"how can feelings change in instances  one minute u can love someone the next u can hate them, and then in less than a minute u can thnk tht ur nt loved at all i dnt understand emotions it would be better if i could show no emotion at all, but then i would never care i guess "
i just got off work  thanksgiving break hasnt felt so good! yay goodnight fb 
well at home and barely any water to take a shower thanks alot mom keep washing those clothes lol  anyway 1 more day until thanksgiving and two for this hopeful gr8 weekend 
yay its sunday and had an amazing weekend  the best weekend ever so much peace  i love the weekends!
just got up workin on some school work soooo much fun!  sad 
"doubt!! its the most vicious killer u think that u want or need something but in ur heart u really dnt some people have a hard time with it, but nt me i know what i want and in my heart i knw there is only 1 person tht i want and in my mind she is perfect 4 me so doubt  ha there is none fpr me  i love u <propfemale> "
just got up my pain pill has kinda wore off so im kinda wide awake thnk goodness i had no skewl 
man its been a while since ive been on fb  how is everyone doing?
just got back from takin my sis <propfemale> from hospital it took forever now its time to relax b4 school
well one day of work is done got one more long day ahead of me wooohooo!
cant believe this weekend has gone by so fast its been a lil bumpy thts for sure
"a fallen angel: sent from the heavens to the earths  i thght i had and saw a fallen angel, but it turns out to be just the fallen  hurting like hell all i can do is move forward and hope for the best and maybe i will get my fallen angel "
just got back from class took my last exam and i found out i got an a on it all im waiting for is my other class to release exams then im set
just got up wish i could just rewind this morning and do it all differently damnitt wheres the time machine lol 
"nightmares: y the hell do we have them? are they like a mechanism for somethng bad tht is going to and ur mind is trying to warn u? idk wat they are but, they are annoying as hell! i mean i bet u hate waking up in the middle of the night in a huge fright because of a stupid nightmare  well it will be ok life move on and not all dreams come true so its all gud "
well i tried  got in my car got it started and tried to get out of drive way for work guess i have to call i  oooooo darn  wink 
just got up yay we got less than a week for christmas! and for all u walmart associates u knw what tht means rush shopping for last minute gifts were goin to be busy!
wat a day! glad to c i got all a's thtgr8 i guess
just got home from an amazing few days at <propfemale>'s house because of the snow omg that was soooo much fun yay snow!!!!!!!!!
got homeits been a gr8 weekend hope to have an ok week so i can get 2 c my baby very soon!
gosh i wish people wud listen to me! sometimes even when they knw its the best  well cnt wait for tommorow 
well at baileys happy new years 
well im up and got the big game tonight vt and <propmale> lets go           hokies   lets go             hokies    lets go            hokies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well im home <propfemale> tech suffered a humiliating loss wtf!!!!!!!!!!!
im up so happy  my baby passed her marketing test and now she is certified  only 2 mor days till my bday  yay one year older and another year wiser  nt ha im old but not wise lol  still the rebelious teen  ha ha ha  i love my baby!
well dnt u just hate it when stupid people make remarks about u and hurt ur felings  well theres a lot of them  gosh cnt they get a life nd stop tlkin bout people 
just got up and around one more day till my bday and i get to spend it with the love of my life
well im up  dnt exactly feel 20 i feel more like 40 with the way i got out of bed so sore  oh well its ok its all down hill frm here anyway but im goin to enjoy the bumps along the way! just glad i lived this long!
"home  had the best day with my baby  there maybe bumps nd bruises along the way, but at the end of the day we love each other and in the end we come closer every time  i love u so much <propfemale> chaney!!!"
just got off school and spending time wit my baby
just got home  owe a tow <propmale> of 25$ i wrecked lastnight everythng is ok im fine and so is the car just slid into a ditch  well i atleast i can work 
well got off work and just realized a have a lot of people tht love me  i just want to thank everyone that has helped me through this tramatic few days i love every one especially the love of my life 
i just got off work glad to be home 
just got out of my first class and im so glad to see tht the day is going smooth for once if anyone wants to or tlk just send me a message via fb  love everyone 
well its been a day time to call it a night and get some rest night fb 
well its been another one of those weired days  oh well time to get some zzzs o i am planning to get snake bites piercing when i get the money? look it up and tell me how u think i wuld look wit them in 
wow after a full day of my oldest post bein on here im shocked to c noone except one person has said anythng
well going to get my snake bites today  hope it dnt hurt so bad  so nervous  oh well just cnt wait to get it done and over with 
up and stirring got to clean the bites an get ready for school i wonder how many looks i will get for my new snake bites
well everyone who has seen my snake bites through pics and seein me give me ur personal opinion on how i look 
sometimes u get sick and tired o people who whine and cry all the dag on time 
just got off of work  little tired but good  have a nice 1
"im home  according to the love of my life i have no spice for everyone i knw, do i have spice?"
well what a weekend! car caught on fire and nw back to square one tjamkfully the car was only 500$  oh well thngs happen for a reason i guess   sad 
tht was the best halftime show in a long time way to go superbowl  better  be better next year cus there coming to n c  yeah!!!!!!!
up to find out i got me a car  and its nt my fav but its a car i got my mothers ford escorte yay for me go chevy!!!!!!!!!!!!!  playful 
"man this new schedule tht my baby is on really suck i cnt txt her at all during the middle of the day which is a surpris, but oh well life goes on i guess  sad "
at skewl got to get my mony for my car o joy  smile  cnt wait till this weekend  have a nice day 
yay almost the weekend !!!!!!!!
so i look at wat today brought nd i thght it wud go gr8 but apparently nt bt its ok  tommorow is another day happy valentines day to me yay!
soooo ready to go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
well im home  thts all i can say goodnight everyone 
well this has to b the worst week yet!
well all bad things have upsides an now that all my probs will always exist its always gud coming out of it of my problems yay fo upsides to everything!!!!
hanging with the love of my life   daytona 500 nd my woman what cud b e better   smile 
well up movin around for a lil bit b4 work  missin my baby like crazy  thts ok may 7 we r goin to have the time of our life at the <propfemale> rebellion yay   smile 
"regrets: there is a lot to be regretful for pasts, presents, and even the future  i knw there are some regrets i have bt there is nothing i can do to change it  oh well if you have a <propmale> regret pl post"
well im home time to relax and enjoy an ice cold beverage an  take a nice warm bath smile 
have u ever had those certain pple qho just get on ur ever lastin nerves   oooohhhhh welll its just the way they r nthn u can change about it even tho u wish u cud! good night fb  hope yall have a bettr one thn me 
having a gr8 time with my baby  i love u sooo much baby
while my woman be trollin on my profile i take this time to say i love u <propfemale> 
gud night fb  i love u <propfemale> u mean the world to me 
"well another miserable few days  my baby is leaving tommorow nd wnt be back till sunday gosh sunday plz hurry the hell up  i love u <propfemale> plz b safe and come back to me safely  \: smile :::"
well 1st day of 2 is almost over damn this sucks majorly
hangin with my baby <propfemale> happy 
well one of my best friends is going to have her baby via c-section  i hope all goes well for her  as for me im just chilln in the living room watchn t v        damn theres nothing on   smile 
im so tired it isnt funny i actually woke up this mornin like frankeinstein with my hair all madded down  well play hard u sleep hard i guess   smile 
waking up  i thnk today is going to be a bad one  idk y but it seems tht way
"bein lonely: everybody faces this in there life  u can face it in ur house, car, front and back yard, it doesnt matter where u are u can be alone  it dont last long  it all gets better  i love u baby!!!!!  smile "
waking up! now time to get my tire fixed before work yeeehaw   nt really lol 
tired of all the bs around  im going to take a day to myself tommorow  i thnk tht is the best thing i can do at this point bt oh well have a nice night fb 
at my babies house so wish she wud pick wat were doing today tho
well wats much to say im up and at school  sad  gosh i hate school so much its unreal 
well i guess luck hit me  our teacher had a conference  so no class today yay!!!!!   smile 
hey baby uve been hacked lol  love  love  love  i just wanted u to kno tht i love u more than ne thng ur my everythng mwah mwah mwah
just got home from what seemed to be a long day  work wasnt bad had migrane which made it long  going to bed time to enjoy my days off   smile 
well today on a scale of 1-10 was about a 3 it had some gud bt mostely bad  bt hopefully it will get better doubt it tho 
on break at work  cnt wait to get home so i can get today and tommorow over with  im so ready for thurseday 
well go room clean and everything so fun too bad i had no free time b4 work o well time to get a shower!
on break from work damn my knee is killin me today!!!
yay home now i can relax 
just got home just wanted to say i love u <propfemale> and have a nice time at ur state competition 
well im home frm work and just wanted to tell all of you gudnight and maybe tommorow i will have a better day
well its time to pick up myself and move on i guess of to another day of work 
home and feeling sick idk wat is goin on bt this b s  needs to stop! i dont ever get fully sick 
