c900998955f391cceff025ec172ac367
has had a good night  smile  but ready to go home! wish my parents would hurry 
needs someone to txt her so she can stay awake because its almost another new year!  smile 
finally caught the gray kitten  took it in and gave it somethin to eat  its so cute   smile 
"i think it would be funny if they put <propfirst> lohan and <propfirst> <propmale> on that tapout kick boxing show, let them go at it, and the first one 2 break a nail loses  ha "
how do ya delete stupid games on here? i accidentally clicked on one the other day  and i dont want it on my profile  annoyed 
"thanx to those who hated me,you made me a stronger person thanx to those who loved me,you made my heart grow fonder thanx to those who envied me,you made my selfesteem grow thanx to those who cared,you made me feel important thanx to those who entered my life, you made me who i am today thanx to those who left,you showed me nothing last forever thanx to those who stayed,you showed me the true meaning of friendship "
"i love rumors, they always tell me stuff about myself that i never knew i did "
"gosh, last night was crazy  but, my fav part was: when im tired and everything seems funny at 1 in the morning  i was watchin suite life on deck, and it was like <propfirst> and the chocolate factory, and someone threw chocolate on the fllor and the crazy <propmale> wonka lookin dued takes off runnin and yellin '5second rule!' thenb he falls over some guy and spill chocolate on him  haaaa "
"i absolutely hate it when someone does something just bc i do, especially someone i dislike   "
"haha, that was soooooo fun!!!!! i got 2 play on dads lawn mower and that things got speed!! haha i was so close 2 flippin it tho!"
"gosh, i am so, so tired of school    but, the greatest thing they taught me 2 spell its boring!! which is what school is  can't wait till next year when i dont have to go anymore smile "
"oh my gosh, i just found out my aunts pregnant    yay!!!! i get another new cousin!!"
take my how well do you know me? quiz
"''haha, <propmale> is so mad, i accidentally turned off his xbox after he played it all day''"
gosh i hate this class  soooo boring!
hmmm      whats like the greatest xbox 360 game ever????
yay! on my way to the assembly! finally!
haha just going 2 bed  ha jk
so tired of all this lame drama  <propmale> county sounds like a great idea now 
"in case you didnt notice    this isnt a movie, its reality  the place where <propfemale> tales dont always come true  and people always get hurt  so get over it "
"haha, (<propfemale>) run <propfemale>! (<propfemale>) if it's not afraid  of you, don't make it! (hahaha  im evil 2 kittys > smile   ) ha, love hangin with <propfemale>, and <propfemale>!  laugh "
i love how the speed limit is 55mph  and were going 80 haha 
woohoo! cant wait till battle of the bands!
woo! battle of the bands tonight! cant wait!
"has high hopes for playing softball this season for monticello smile  'i dont want it 4 competition, i wana play juss 4 fun'  smile "
"yay, i had such a great time working with the kindergardeners after school today, cant wait 2 start full weeks smile "
"new school rule: no facebooking during class   bc its prohibited! (unless  your smart like me and dont get caught) haha, good luck catchin me teachers! smile "
i dont like bluegrass cellular anymore  my phone always messes up and its annoying  annoyed 
off 2 school  got 2 meetings this morning then facebooking the rest of the day i suppose smile  and its finally friday!  laugh  yay 
"is exhausted, and happy i dont have 2 work today  cant wait till after school so i can sleep "
"when life gives you a bad romance, then buy a new telephone, call <propmale>, and you guys just dance smile "
is feeling horrible  sad  
"remembers the spongebob campfire song! c-a-m-p-f-i-r-e-s-o-n-g song, if you think we cant say it faster than your wrong but itll  help if you sing along smile  haa "
tornado warning  annoyed  and these dorks are 2 worried bout who gets 2 hold the baby?! and the wind is like crazy!!
"is goin back 2 school today  annoyed  oh well, atleast im not realy sick now "
ok why does everyone keep callin me freshman!? its like i know i am stop repeating it!
hmm    i think there should be a freshman hunt  especially since some of us freshman are thinkin bout getting all you seniors first  haha 
"just had the greatest day of this school year!!! so happy i could cry rainbows!! hahaha  but ik it the whole time, shes good, she gots all them clueless! haha"
is so tired of all this over rated drama  i mean foreal its immature  and honestly nobody in this school cares  their all just worried bout theirselves 
ah lunch was funny today  it all started with <propfemale> then ended with applesauce across the backs of my friends and the top of our table haha 
lost my phone ):
"'cause i got some intuition or maybe im superstitous, but i think your a pretty sweet pill that im swallowin down! to counter this addiction, you got me on a mission, tell me darlin can i get a break some how? how could i say no? shes gota love like woe! smile  love this song, and its stuck in my head!!"
so happy! i got my phone back! ( smile 
workin with the lil kids again  will someone txt me in like 45 mins and remind me 2 tell mom 2 pick me up?
ily chris  smile 
is gettin real tired of this school  real fast   annoyed  
i hate how when your late for class and walk in  the teachers like your late! its like realy  i thought i was early!?!  annoyed  
i just listened to the 'hey there obama' song written by this lil boy and it was so clever and cute!! lol  smile 
well go get your shovel and we'll dig a deep hole to bury the castle  bury the castle go get your shovel and we'll dig a deep hole to bury the castle  bury the castle bada bada bada so one day he found her crying coiled up on the dirty ground her <propmale> finally came to save her and the rest she can figure out but it was a trick and the clock struck twelve well make sure to build your house brick by boring brick
got my phone back! smile  but ive got like 180 txt so far and they just keep comein  annoyed  
so not cool  someone hacked my brothers facebook  whoever it was  just pray that i dont figure out who did it  bc i take mega afence when ppl mess with my bro 
"(courage): is being scared to death, but satleing up anyways  -<propfirst> <propmale>   smile "
"ok i've already asked all my friends what idk and ttyl means and they all say i don't know , talk to ya later, do you know what it means wink "
woo  cant wait till this weekend! i get 2 <propfemale> out with <propfirst>!  laugh  
im so happy  im doin great in science  i wana go 2 florida state college and be a <propfemale> biologist!  smile 
this work after school is startin 2 get over rated 
if someone is stuck in your head   does that mean that maybe their suppose 2 be there?
95% percent of girls would cry if <propfirst> cullen jumped off a <propmale> but 5% percent of girls would a get a lawn chair and popcorn yelling jump you sparkly vampire
hah why do the teachers ask me if im facebookin during class? hah its pretty obvious   smile 
"if one day you wake up, and find that your missin me and your hearts starts to wonder where on this earth i may, then maybe youll come back here to the place where we meet  and you see me waitin for you on the corner of the street  so im not movein   smile  -the man who can't be moved smile  -"
thought so do you know <propfirst> worley?
hates when ppl toy with my emotions   but thats my bad bc i was acctualy dumb enough 2 trust you 
ok i just realized  josh's weddings comein up  now who should i have help me mess his car up? > smile  ha this is gona be fun 
is so irritated first i cant find my memory card and now facebook wont come up on the computer 
welp looks like i might be goin back to <propmale> county tomorrow 
haha im a mistake? awh how funny considering you ruined my life i went from the most loved at that school 2 most hated just bc of you   have a good life 
on my way 2 <propmale> county 
ok idk who keeps hackin my facebook and writein stuff but stop bc thats stupid there aint no way in the world i would bc cussin especially 2 world! gosh 
looks like ill be at <propmale> county tomorrow  always fun 2 go back 2 where you started but now i kinda miss monticello bc that's the school that made me 
is exhausted  its gona kill me 2 start school tomorrow  especialy since ima be up at least another hour or two  but it was worth getin 2 her the meeting 
come on somebody why dont ya run? old red's itchin' 2 have a lil fun get my lantern get my gun red'll have ya tracked before the mornin's done   smile 
"it's sad realy   i went to <propmale> county to get rid of the monticello drama, but for some reason ya'll just don't get the hint, but friday its either put up, or shut up    smile "
so proud of myself! ive lost 16 pounds since this school year has started!  smile 
first day of school  (ha i feel like a kindergardener) lol jk but today should be interesting 
gag! i think ima get sick!
loves you <propmale> county high!!!
my house friday   smile 
"lol, whats up with these poke things ppl keep sendin me??? i doubt they would acctually do that in real life  lol "
"in a second youll be raped around my finger cause i can, i can do it better, hey hey u u ik that ya like me no way no way ik its not secret   smile "
"in a second youll be wraped around my finger cause i can, i can do it better, hey hey u u ik that ya like me no way no way ik its not secret   smile "
just realized i hate gym  this should be fun 
they made me write an essay at <propmale> county today  so i wrote on how monticello is better and everythin  ha wont they be mad 
"sick, goin 2 bed "
today is so awesome!  smile 
"dear facebook, i hate you  lol -<propfemale>   smile "
got somethin 2 say then come right out and say it bc this is dumb!
lovely day then i realized somethin  who needs enemys with friends like them  smile 
goin' shoping!  smile  and listenin to music and talkin to some of the greatest people ever!! ( smile  
i hate private calls where they call and its just pure silence   annoyed   i mean come on say somethin atleast ha 
"whoever said it dont happen over night never suceeded because ya gota start somewhere, sometime "
i love p!nk and <propfemale> lavigne  smile 
love me or hate me  either way i promise you wont break me   smile 
hey has anyone heard someone say that ive been usein bad language or talkin bout somethin stupid? bc if so then i kinda need to know like now 
this is gona be so interesting   smile 
i hate school so so bad i can't wait till next year when i dont have to go 
man i got it all figured out  ive got no worries that i worry bout its like i caught some crazy sorta happy disease  man it feels good to be me   smile  lifes good smile 
i hate how ppl use facebook like twitter and update what they are doin every minute of the day and give details of what their doin 
curiosty   may have killed the cat but gave us einstien! who used curiosity to make his knowledge grow and gave us more things to discover in science    laugh 
adison has such curly hair for a one year old   smile 
"miss when i was a kid  when everyone was your friend, enemys didnt exist, nobody could hurt you, school was like daycare, and nobody had worries   "
"yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift that is why its called present "
gettin tired of these prank calls  its not funny  its immature 
-just got a great idea  > wink  
frustrated   annoyed  
pizza!  smile  
ah just had a race with my brother to see who could eat their pizza first  and he won i think im bout to upchuck blah! but it was fun&i kinda cheated thanx megs
gr! facebook makes me so mad sometimes!
offically hates food very much    annoyed 
''you have enemies? good that means you stood up for something '' -eminem  smile 
just had a pretty great day!  smile  and i cant wait till this semester is over my good buddies are comein to <propmale> county high with me!  laugh 
i love these country songs! and i aint a huge tennesse vols fan but i love the song rockytop tennesse!(=
im so mature i decided to delete those who dont even deserve an issue in my life and yea ya know who ya are so i now declare u delete and blocked!  laugh 
greatest lunch ever!!
great day! could not have went better  (=
"loves <propfemale> minaj  and i think its awesome that she revived womans voices back into rap, even tho everyone may not like rap, what she did is still amazing   smile "
"a friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it to you when you forget the lyrics   love "
good luck trojans  i realy hope yall have a good game tonight 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday(dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for violence against children  hmm im acctually gona do this "
hmm     spongebob smile  only those who have ever been close to me knows that inside joke haha 
ah i realy hope the cats make a huge comeback and beat the tarheel losers!  smile  
18 more days  (=
thinks that if you did somethin bad then you should grow up and take your punishment not run away like a child!
hates when someone makes my bestfriend cry )= makes me very aggitated   )=<
loves bein out in the country 
just got a great idea! (;
dear bluegrass i dont care what the rest of them say! i still love you!                     --your loyal customer  smile 
eww! eww! eww! ewwie! blah!!!
hates snow and bein sick! blah   annoyed 
"don't worry 'bout the fire, i promise i won't let you burn "
"woo! i want in on this, so msg me a number and ill tell ya the truth next time im on fb "
123654798 your one of the greatest people i have ever met  loves ya <propfemale> death and still think you deserve the best and that idiots need to leave ya alone ha  (=
i love ditcy people!  smile  
ah so scary  haha  (8
baha munchkins crack me up! smile 
thinks its bull that my friend can say somethin to be then go behind my back and try to screw me over! wow great friend  
"watchin horton hears a who smile  ''in my world everyones a pony and they all eat rainbows, and poop butterflies!'' hah i love this movie! (="
''how do you use eye drops?!'' -<propmale> bahaha i luv you buby  you crack me up sometimes 
can offically do the dougie! smile 
"ahh yeaa!! i can do the dougie, crank that, jerk, and all that good stuff!!  smile "
"can compare this song by <propmale> mars to someone  i could do anythin for em, and it wouldnt effect them one bit "
perfect song of the moment!! love like winter by afi  smile   smile   smile 
"inbox only! 2010 is almost over,confess something you've always wanted to tell me (through message)  it will stay between us "
is goin to bed! forget these rules im tired and whoever made em obviously never had to put up with me when im tired and throwin a fit! ha im so immature smile  dc
just had the greatest time ever sledin with some awesome friends!  smile  
"loves getin to help out with the talks! and gots one in february  smile  cant wait! and fav quote of the night  : you cant be afraid to be your own man, or person  "
omg! ice storms and its almost 2011 just think in 2012 we're all screwed! hahaha just kidding!
found my phone!  laugh  if ya got my number then ya should text me 
hates shoping!!! gosh just give me the money and ill go buy my clohes instead of takein ppl have them critisize me and say stupid stuff that makes me mad 
finds some people to be very outgoing and at times charming ha   smile  
so im playin a game with granny and she calls me hunie and im like dont call me that shes like ok! play ugly!?     ??? ha i feel loved!
ha its funny how some people just always wake up on the wrong side of the bed 
im havein a good time they tryin to ruin mine  ima bout watever man forget what they say  they oppinion dont count anyways (;
gosh facebook makes me so mad 
its called the past for a reason people! as in stop bringing it up  ug   annoyed 
"introuble again  annoyed  and im pretty sure citeing the constitution and saying 'search and seizure, wheres your warrent?' didnt help anything ha "
bahaha i feel loved  (;
"just got prank called, not too happy now   annoyed "
just wana say thanks for all the love today everybody lol and today was a good one! laugh  but cant wait to be 16 haha anyways thanks every1 who wished me a good one
monopoly and a crying baby whos teething do not go with eachother  annoyed 
feeling pre k right now  sittin here eatin my <propmale> bear gram crackers and drinkin juice!  laugh 
loves how the snow sparkles in the light  ha hope my brother and his fiance are havein fun  smile 
"just went outside in my ugg boots, and ball shorts smile  \-thesillygirl smile "
is eatin beef for the first time in forever  o§§o
wow  how weird  obviously some of the people ive ever been close too don't know anythin bout me at all   annoyed 
over the rainbow  greatest song ever!  love   smile 
just dominated in monopoly woot woot put everyone out!  laugh d wooo!!!!
"feelin so smart! watchin ncis and with in the first 5 mins i knew who did it, how they killed em, and what they did it with  and i was right totally!  laugh d"
"is watching rugrats!  laugh d \-youbemynumbaone"
strongly believes some people are just so immature that they don't even realise the most wonderful things they got in life   annoyed 
wishes my good <propmale> courtneyy didn't have to go to tennessee    ): 
can not believe how ungreatful certain people can be!
"hinder, you never disappoint  best music group ever   laugh d"
is extremely happy bout how my nights have been lately  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
watching 20 most shocking moments  a k a  the greatest epic fails ever!  smile 
bored and tired thinkin bout goin to bed  but ima wait up 
wishes the flippin bus would get here 
"drama class is offically boring  \youmynumbaone(;"
"dear drama queens, theres a reason why its called my life and not yours  so grow up and get a life, thank you, -miss ¤heri-"
shocked  just met the most wow looking guy in the world  smile   laugh 
talk tonight  and big speach tomorrow   yay  had such a great day   smile 
loves givein talks  makes me happy  laugh  cant wait to get another one 
is gona feel dumb tomorrow considering i gota wear shorts for a mile run and its suppose to snow  *sigh* -§§§§-
has decided to blow off my mile run today and wear pants instead lol 
i can not stand it when two people wana fight and then ya always got that one idiot whos like record it really? why dont ya grow up and get a life bc thats dumb
hopes my brother <propfirst> may take me to battle of the bands 
"i wana talk to you, but i think i annoy you so thats why i wait for you to talk to me first  smile "
loves my <propmale> and his wonderful sweater  smile 
is changein for the better  smile  and im actually happy and calm now  smile  
has decided its gona be one of them days   smile 
hate how i have to see a movie atleast 3 or 4 times just to actually understand what its bout lol 
treatin me like that only makes it easiar to forget all bout you  (;
"lovein the stage fighting (8  \votremonnumeoun"
bahaha me and <propfirst> are messin with some guy on xbox live and we keep speakin spanish & hes like wana play wwe and we go with your mom! lol and he goes si hahah
its crazy how you dont realise the bad things youve done or the people youve afected untill the bad comes back around and it all happends to you    annoyed 
loves talking to the greatest people ever!  smile 
completely confussed
this is me swalowin my pride standin infront of you sayn im sorry for that night turns out freedom aint nothin but missin you i go back to december all the time
got my phone back  bout time 
hates being sick  hope i dont fail this year    annoyed  
"just got to hug my awesome <propmale> <propfemale>! lol i think i hurt her tho  \thatswhatsup143"
"the only way you can fail, is to quit  \thatswhatsup143"
"just because your alive, doesnt mean your liveing "
is exstatic bout how my days goin to go   laugh  got my plans and ready for today smile 
"dear <propfemale> and vee, glad to know pooh bear aint dead lol  please take care of him \-¤heri  smile "
cant stop smileing because lifes good  smile 
loves the mall especially shoe sensation
your words and your actions cant phase me a bit theres only one person who can hurt me and i promise you aint that one 
is extremely totally like no joke happy smile 
"when life gives you a million reasons to cry, think of a million reasons to smile   smile "
ah yea beast mode! sit ups never seemed so great! but txtin the most awesome person in the world while doing em did help alot!  smile 
sigh  there goes my really good mood now im just sittin here worryin   annoyed 
quote of the day: '' do you ever get the feeling that you peed your pants but your not sure?'' bahaha no
well look at that no matter what happens somehow it always has to flippin come back to the same person this is getting so old!
"and now i know i can't be the only one, i bet there heart's all over the world tonight, with the love of their life who feels, the way i feel when im with u   smile "
whos number is 340-1818?  smile 
today should be so interesting  aint gona be nothin but happy as long as i get to talk to a certain someone   smile 
stomache killing me but oh well still gona make it a good day   smile 
not proud myself but good i finally told er i dont wana talk to her anymore  maybe things wont be so crazy now  -friends come and go but bestfriends stay-
my new favoritest word: spectaculous   laugh 
never thought speaking some italian would ever come in handy untill just now   smile 
"feels really bad now, really didnt mean to get smart with her  ): i need to chill out big time  "
thinks my granny is beast in an awesome way  smile  iloveher   smile 
just got my grade report thingy  its weird that im failing a class i didnt even know i had haha 
"ok away we go only thing we have on is the radio, let it play, say you gota leave but i know you wana stay   smile "
is havein one of them days already  oh well still not gona let it break me  just gona hope for the best 
gah headache  no fun but oh well still kinda happy but then again kinda cofused? oh well ima figure this out   smile 
i was so right  oh well just gona take care of what needs to be done 
the things i wana say to you  the goodbyes i never even told  they way it all happened and the promise you broke  atleast i cant say i didnt see it comeing 
anyone call me cryin and leave a voicemail?
take what comes and we keep on goin leanin on eachothers shoulders so weve come so far somehow were half way there were lookin good nothins gona get in a way  smile 
just pulled an all dayer with chey  laugh 
"science corups thinking  history evolves ideas  but music changes the world  \allovertheworld"
"dear <propfemale> matthews, raise your glass! if you are wrong in all the right ways all my underdogs we will never be anythin but loud haha i just heard ya fav song"
this tragic cause we had it we was magic cause i was flyin now im crashin this is bad real bad <propfirst> <propmale> now im mad real mad <propfirst> <propmale>  smile  knock you down
its like i waited my whole life for this one night i just wana see you again  and dance forever forever ever its gona be me you and the dance floor   smile 
ah! let my notebook homework and possibly my greatest song ever at vocational ): oh well i shall go get it in the mornin!  laugh 
rule of hard ball it works two ways watever you do you always e playful ect reaction and no matter what your enemy always wins in the end and e playful ect to see it comein smile 
dont get short with me frodo  haha 
no way its all good' it didnt slow me down mistakein always second guesin look im still around pretty pretty please dont you ever feel like less than perfect 
already havein one of them days  wonder why  hm  go figure  and goin to wc always makes it worse  its gona be a long day today 
bahaha piggy back rides are funny!  smile 
is tired and not even feeling good  eh try to make today better but class 30 mins early before school even starts aint helpin nothin   annoyed 
"just loves ridein' this bus   \prettygirlrock smile "
"is thinkin bout just goin to bed early ah tomorrows gona be a good day, just like superbowl sunday!  laugh "
whats the diff between a faty and chuncky? baha
"''this is kentucky, anythings possible ''  smile "
is at walmarts again for the second time today oh joy   smile 
for those who hate music    thats why we got haterz haterz everywhere we go i think your a hater haterz everywhere we go haterz goin down fo the count  smile 
"thinks people need to get off <propfirst> lohans back and leave her alone, shes only human "
ah walmarts!  smile  again!  laugh  hope the steelers win!
lets go steelers! wheres the defence!? come on!
the akward moment when fergie watchs the superbowl and realizes she cant sing       smile 
woohoo walmarts!  laugh  lol ima live here eventually 
is offically homeschooled
"dear <propfemale>, you can have heu laori and <propfirst> depp  and <propfemale> stamper, you can have <propfirst> laugtner  cause i call <propmale> turner smile  lol "
had fun with meh sisters tonight they stayin the night  laugh  this will be fun!!! wii day tomorrow!  laugh 
'whats your name?' 'my name is <propfemale> phillips and im the greatest of my time' 'do you have a rocket?' 'yes a purple one' 'why it purple?' 'i like purple    ' ha
nvm what haters say ignore em till they fade away <propfemale> been a hater but i love em in a crazy way got love for the game but im not inlove w all it live ya life smile 
thinks jealousy is stupid   annoyed 
startin to get sick  again  g'rrr   
forgiveness- giveing up hope that the past could be any diffrent-oprah  smile 
dont understand why people have phone if their to stubborn to answer the thing!
old people at weddings used to poke me and say your next  so i started doin the same to them at funerals hahah  its not right but i laughed  lol 
heres a quarter call someone who cares call someone wholl listen  but dont come around here outa ya mind  heres a quarter call someone who cares -<propfirst> tritt smile 
"they be like smooth what? can u teach me how to dougie? put your arms out front, <propfemale> side to side, they gona be on you when they see you hit dat dougie   smile "
dear snow  go away  cause i wana play basketball and im bout to just put on my shorts and go for it  but dont wana be sick  so go away  please  -love <propfemale>  smile 
madden with <propfirst> bout to show em how its done  bahaha  ny giants! smile 
woah its me this is tragic cause we had it  we was magic i was flyin  now im crashin this is bad real bad when loves comes around knocks ya down get back up   smile 
i like blueberry waffles  bahahahaha that made my day right there   smile 
cant wait to try for 30 hours in april and to see <propmale> happy  and so ready for <propfemale> this summer  gona be great this year!  smile 
oh woww   not again  
just loves bein on mute  smile  and still dislikes <propfirst> beiber  laugh 
id catch a garnade for you (if it had the pin) throw my hand on a blade for you (if its dull) jump infront of a train for you (if its stoped)    smile 
aint no stopin us now i love that song when ever it comes on makes me feel strong i told ya we wont stop  made me saved me drove me crazy  -comin home   smile 
aint to fond of this 'ashworth' homeschool so far but itll be worth it i guess  
ya know were all screwed when mcdonald's starts chargeing hiden fees on cheese burgers bahaha   smile 
my stupid fb mobiles messin up again    annoyed 
"if your a bird, im a bird \-the notebook  smile "
worlds dumbest   give it up for british! they out dumbed americans haha 'lets all <propmale> a wheel of cheese down a steap hill or jump off cliffs!'  you do that ha
is this perfect basketball weather all week  smile 
just loves goin to the mall  wish i had got the nikes tho ha they were awesome   laugh 
im goin to walmart  laugh dd
will never understand the reason to why people just decide to leave ya hangin there sometimes 
i finally put it all together but nothing really last forever i had to make a choice that was not mine i had to say good bye for the last time-call me-shinedown
<propfirst> samler: say what you want ill take a free ferrari and a kiss anyday  <propmale> bran: id just like to kiss a ferrari    haha i love this movie  
cause somethin changed you were actin so strange and its takein its toll on me safe to say im ready to let you leave without u i live it up alil more everyday smile 
had a lovely and awesome day  smile  cant wait till tomorrow then lookin forward to lexington saturday  laugh 
strongly believes that the dorks at ashworth and <propfirst> <propfemale> should send me my stuff for school already   smile 
"feels like crap again  *sigh* hate allergies real bad\igottafindyou smile "
is watching <propfemale> the e playful lorer with adison <propfemale>   laugh  oh how fun 
ha it cracks me up when ppl have their friends call or text me when i dont respond to their msgs   smile 
oh yea! extreme hardcore pattycake! ah!  laugh  haha
goin with my granny to watch i am number four tomorrow   smile 
gettin pumped for the ncaa march madness! laugh  just one month away! woo!
yup  thats just made my day   smile 
thought bout it  and it would be so fun to be friends with barnie the dinosaur   smile 
hates skinny jeans with a passion  whoever made em deserves to be punched in the face   annoyed 
so so sick and tired of doin my brothers job  
thinks its stupid that im the only one who got introuble and that i got people blowin up my phone cause my cousins are morans
dear <propfemale>  i found my <propfirst> hawk ride game and the board  ya know what that means  nuff said  lol   smile 
had a good day  lot of laughs and got to meet <propfemale> smithiser  nice person  haha anonymous hurt my feelings  bahahaha good joke!
to love is nothing  to be loved is something  but to love and be loved is everything 
and who do you think you are running round leaving scars collecting your jar of hearts tearin love apart and your gona catch a cold w the ice inside your soul  
is extremely upset with whoever it is at mhs thats lying bout me  and playin my friends like this  and whos <propfirst> 8752452
"and after it all i just don't care anymore  you, may be a broken person  but me? im perfectly fine now   smile  "
goin to the meeting  thinkin basketball later tonight  sounds great smile 
"somethin gota give, i was so weak when i shouldve been strong, its bonnie&clyde its me and you for now on  (= right here waiting  (="
hopes southwestern wins tonight against <propmale> county   laugh 
has been havein some pretty bizarre dreams lately    annoyed 
alright southwestern! way to go! woot woot!  laugh 
i hate being sick! i just wana get over it this time    annoyed 
cant wait for american idol next week! exciteing!  laugh 
"i found a reason for me, to change who i used to be, a reason to start over new, and the reason is you  (= lovely song!"
i swear i wont forget you  oh if my voice could reach back thru the past id whisper in your ear  'oh darling i wish you were here ' vanilla twilight (=
is playin basketball  laugh  gettin more pumped cause of march madness!  laugh 
thinks my cousin <propfirst> is gona have a cute lil baby! congrats cous!  laugh 
"i hope <propmale> mccreery wins american idol!  laugh  or that awesome jamacian woman!  laugh  either way, i'm happy!  laugh "
interesting day  very much enjoyed the co visiting my family  but the hard part was seein that even the greatest ones can break and hurt cause others ordacity  
dad: hey sweettie wana get a burger when your done? girl: red roban?! boy: yum!   ill call you! *jumps out window* dad: hes not gona call you  
'likea good neighbor state farm is there' 'with a new boyfriend! hot' 'with a new girlfriend!' 'oh so this is what you like?' 'mhm i was perfect the way i was!'
"just saw the biggest line of cars down town, atleast 70 or more cars all in a row ha suck to be at the end of that line "
haha nice to know im one of the most awesomest people in the world ha love ya 2 <propfemale> <propfirst> and chey!  laugh 
"had a lot of fun workin ok with my father, and bros mosher and shmidheiser  still can't get over that phone ordeal  haha blew our minds   laugh "
dear <propfemale> this is ur bestie <propfemale> stamper i hacked u  playful  haha u rock <propfirst> hawk lol  love   smile 
thinks kentucky should bring home a win today against tennessee! go big blue!  laugh 
'hows breakfast?' 'they burnt the toast again!    oh! but i like it that way!!' haha thats was a great talk!  smile 
"'a pessimist sees the difficulty in every oppurtunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty ' -<propmale> churchill"
bahahaha just heard the abosolute funniest thing ive heard in awhile haha cant say i didnt see that one happening hahaha 
my confidence is off this stage im unstopable incredable hope your traped in my medicine ball i can circles round you so fast your head'll spin  (=
"'just because someone wins an arguement, doesn't make them right ' (="
<propfemale> just got hacked <propfemale> just got hacked but by whoooo     ???? tehe
i thought bout you for a long time cant seem to get you off my mind  i found ya picture today i swear ill change my ways  great song! (=
proud of myself for sucessfully gettin the new speakers pluged up to replace the old ones  laugh 
it shouldve been me! haha gosh that was hillarious! 'will you marry me?' 'blek! blek! ahhhhhh!!!!' hahaha gosh cant wait till tomorrow or saturday night!  smile 
strongly believe i deserve an answer   iknow what happened wasnt pleasent but i am sorry and just want a simple little honest answer as to why ?   annoyed 
at the hospital got to see <propfirst>'s beutiful baby boy! <propmale> ray! smile 
great day  haha me:marco imaginary goat sad baaaahhhh!!) haha 
got to drive <propfirst>'s car to grannies all by myself!  laugh  gonna be a great day!
spilled salsa all over my pretty pink shirt at el cazador     annoyed 
march madness is tomorrow (= wooo!!
march  madness  nough said   laugh 
had an awesome diner  then played futball and tried with a bon fire  had great fun with some great people   smile 
written in the stars a million <propmale> away a message to the main oooh seasons come and go but i will never change and im on my way  (=
"had a lot of fun at the party last night, haha goooo speedy!  laugh "
"what a day, ah well, it ended on a pretty high note, and i'm happy with my day, all and all  (="
"feels like an obvious blonde     annoyed  cant believe i asked <propfemale> for that number, when i have it in my other phone  and kept over looking it all night  f a i l    annoyed "
"less than a month, congrats, <propfemale> <propmale> (phillips) and <propfirst> <propmale>!  laugh "
"people change, and things go wrong  but, always remember, life goes on  (="
aint that sad  another girl just got abducted in lousville   annoyed 
"dawg gone that was some gooood eatin! ya know its a good ole' homecooked meal when everyones happy, full, and planin for another meal like that for the future(="
proud of the wildcats! thats how ya play a game!  laugh 
"dear bluegrass, you just got another enemy, --__-- sincerly, sherbear   "
congrats to makayla for becomeing our newest publiser!  smile 
thinks we should break the record for pioneers in april this year!  laugh  im thinkin atleast 30 hopefully! im willing to help encourage all witnesses to join   laugh 
gosh <propfirst> looks like such a freak doin this weird wax on wax off bullcrap 
uconn played kentucky earlier this year  the diffrence now  kentucky's going to win!  laugh 
what kind of a dummy throws up a 3 knowing they aint been hitting em and it could cost em the game?! which it did! nice going wildcats  
had a lot of fun at the wedding shower may have got a lil too agressive in volleyball tho but it was a lot of fun&always a pleasure hangin w my spiritual fam (=
