b1c30e62e67dd943ecb1c9de635135f7
got in to the u of m!!!
i hate drama!!!!
twins are division champs!!!!
so happy to be done with school for a while!
just had a fabulous night 
is   just amazing right now  smile 
<propfemale> and the frog was actually pretty good  who'd a thunk it?
32 on my act?! holy crap!!
just had a fun night watching a movie with a really good friend  smile 
happy new year everybodys  laugh 
i've realized that the newest pokemon games coming out are trying their best to try and screw over the new generation 
just got back from sledding for seven hours!  laugh 
giant yellow bouncy ball!!!!!
i just played a game of monopoly where we drained out the bank  freaken awsome 
being a senior is finally starting to pay off  woot late start!
just now woke up after an all night after prom party  pretty awsome 
holy crap! i just saw  comercial with the paramount in the background (which was the theatre across the street from prom for those that don't know)
dosn't have to go to school tomorrow  sup noobs 
estoy haciendo mi proyecto de mi clase español con mi grupo! divertido!
guess what i just lost  it starts with a g and ends with an ame
"i am so sick of choir! for the longest time, choir was my favorite class and the highlight of the day  but having to deal with the stupid, immature people there has me saying for the first time \i'm glad i'm almost out of here!\"""""
literally hasn't golfed this bad since he was 12  but i saw a kid get a hole in one  awsome!
stupid twins!
10$ for 3 months of xbox live? heck yea!
have you ever had a time where you realize someone who used to be one of you best friends suddenly doesn't like you anymore?
what the crap is with the freaken snow!?!
kinda hates work right now 
is this close to killing someone 
"just got back from the traditional after concert applebees party, and it was awsome! it's kind of sad to think that this is our last one as an official part of the choir  but on the plus side, the concert actually turned out pretty good! turns out our choir can do something in a pinch  i just want to thank everyone for pulling it together and making this a great concert to go out on!"
little kids are evil
"this is awsome, for the first day in like, a month and a half, i have nothing to do today! no work, no studying, just catching up on fun stuff i missed  laugh "
valley fair tomorrow!!!!!!  laugh 
guess who gets to write a research paper tonight?  laugh 
is bummed out 
feel better after talking to a friend  smile 
i'm really loving the new glee cd  laugh 
is lonely at work  sad 
my itouch says it's supposed to be 92 degrees on monday  s*** 
"here i sit at work, sad, knowing i'm going to miss the series finale of lost tonight  someone wanna come blow up the bowling alley for me?"
"just got done with literally the worst round of golf i've played in many a year  it was so hot, that i got sunburned, played like absolute crap (137, isn't that sad?), and got a slight case of heat exhaustion  now i'm sitting at home, feeling like i'm going to die  this  day  sucked!"
last day of school!  absolutely amazing!
"just got home from a really awsome twins game! beat the yankees 8 to 2 kubul (probably spelled his name wrong) had an awsome night, two home runs! the new stadium is really nice, thanks for inviting me cullen!"
attention seniors: the valley fair waterpark is open from 12-5 tomorrow!
what time are we supposed to be at school tomorrow for valley fair?
"wow, that was an awsome day hanging out at valley fair  the rain kind of sucked, but if you didn't wuss out, you wre rewarded with a close to empty park  so, owned wimps!"
"www givesmehope com\\i recomend that everyone goes to this website if you're having a bad day, or if you need a reminder that there are still good people out there    this site actually got me <propfemale> eyed from some of the stuff there "
*sniff* i'm gonna miss glee  crying 
it's over 9000!!!!!!
"yesterday was awsome  tubing down the river, followed by a pokemon digimon marathon  oh, and i got really sunburnt  awsome "
so   just got back from working a nine and a half hour shift becuse my friggen manager neglected to tell anyone about the party of 70 little dancing girls that came in tonight  he can honestly go f*** himself 
has nothing to do tomorrow 
just golfed 44  holy freaken balls 
just found my solo ensemble medal  i'm gonna miss some parts of choir  crying 
my mom is officially going insane over this stupid grad party 
"wow, three awsome grad parties for three awsome people, then an hour and a half of volleyball in the rain (which is way more fun than dry volleyball by the way)  great day "
"3 in bio, 4 in english language, 5 in calc!"
hey! i was awake 12 hours ago!
"just saw a commercial for spongebob gps software, so you can have spongebob's voice for your gps  because saten has found yet another way to enter into our lives "
"god damn it, i want a freaken dislike button so bad!!!"
"oh wow, watch the twins fail "
when does the street dance go til?
"wow, just got back from another awsome sonshine fest  it was a great time as always, exept for the storm, but that was no big deal  got two new people hooked on it as well, way to go <propfemale> and <propfirst>! you guys survived the first year!"
"found out that people can change  people who you thought you knew better than anyone else can suddenly do an about-face and you just don't know them anymore   thankfully, i'm blessed with amazing friends that could probably lift my spirits no matter what happens "
"well, this is something really random i thought of after seeing one of my friend's status: if there's was is any one question that you want me to answer, ask it, by comment or private message, and i'll tell the absolute truth  lol, put this as your own status too if your couragous enough "
if my laptop would go ahead and be here   that'd be great 
the game 
 smile 
"this is my first status update on the new laptop, awsome!"
dispicable me is a good movie if anyone was wondering  smile 
"so, just saw a commercial for a spoof of the twilight series   who else plans on going, just because it insults that series?"
i hate working with slackers!
work has me so hyper!!!
"if you think im hot like this status  if you love me put a ?  if im your friend put a  smile  , if you want to go out with me put a  laugh   if youever had a crush on me put a  laugh   if you are family put a  surprise   if you are brave repost this as your status   smile "
kidz bop should die!
first day back from the cabin   i have a whole two days before i leave for college   sad 
loses the game every time he sees backy plachy's name   stupid friggen picture!
i leave for bemidji tomorrow!
woot! i'm officially in my dorm!
"i just found out that my accounting class that i thought was on the other side of campus, is actually right next to my dorm hall   that ten minute walk turned into a 45 second one!"
"even more good surprises: this politics class that i have for three hours every tuesday night?  yea, it's actually focusing on the philosophical part of politics   which is awesome "
"i just realized that my politics class, which is tuesday nights from 6-8 smile 0, will keep me from seeing the new season of glee until christmas  fml!!!"
"well, good to know i can't sight sing, can't count, and my musical ear sucks   sad "
"thank you microsoft for creating system restore, because it one again saved my computer from being stricken by a virus "
"if you haven't had chocolate milk in a while, go get some   it's better than you remember "
"watching family feud, here's what happened annoyed host: name a state that has a direction in its name \me: north south <propfemale>! north south dakota!\contestant: arizona!\me: dumbass"
<propfemale> <propmale> wins the <propfemale>  yay!
"the worst thing that could ever happen in the world of music has happened  this thing could make me commit musical suicide  i have officially joined the group of the damned, i'm a tenor  sad "
"at age 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16: mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder    what mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this  post if you have the best mom in the world ?"
hates being put in groups with arrogant people 
"so, i'm supposed to read yellow wallpaper for my literature class   lol, like that's gonna happen "
get to see my family for the weekend at the cabin! yay!  laugh 
anyone check out google yet today?  cause it's awesome!
"d&d just taught me a valuable lesson: any time you do anything, there is a 1 in 20 <propmale> you will critically fail "
dwarven gravitational theory states that enough ale will make anything fall down 
i'm actually gonna watch a vikings game  voluntarily!
guess how many hershey bars would someone guess i won in bingo?
ya know those conversations where you realize you have some really awesome friends?  well i've had two of them in the past two days   thanks guys  smile 
"ugh, one class left, just one class left!"
death note gets the official <propmale> jones anime seal of approval  smile 
 crying  why is bemidji so boring during the weekends?
"other kids' games are all such a bore!\they've gotta have rules and they gotta keep score!\calvinball is better by far!\it's never the same! it's always bizarre!\you don't need a team or a referee!\you know that it's great, 'cause it's named after me!\\greatest comic ever!  smile "
"so, for some reason my phone hasn't (and still isn't) sending or receiving texts right now, so sorry if i unintentionally ignored someone "
"great, now my friggen phone isn't making accepting calls   fml"
"well, after hearing some guy talk about alcohol, i now want to watch the lion <propmale> 2 really bad  why? because he used the opening song in a slide show "
ya know what i love? having one of my two classes for the day canceled so that i'm done at 11  smile 
"so, i got invited to be in this special choir separate from school   this choir usually requires try-outs but my choir director says that my singing for him counts as my try-out   i listened to some of their music and some songs are cool, but some just bore me to death  it only practices one night a week and doesn't give me any schedule issues  opinions? what would you do in this situation?"
"dear whoever set off my buildings fire alarm,\\screw you   if anyone finds out who you are, the entire hall is going to rip you to shreds \\sincerely, birch hall"
just got sprayed in the eyes by an air freshener   my eyes hurt now  sad 
first night of bemidji chorale  let's see how this goes  *hopeful*
"just got back from that choir i decided to do   that may the best musical decision i've made in my life   that's easily the best group i've ever sang with, it even blows honor choir away!"
"how many of us really know the everybody on our fb friends list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same to you "
"well, we just watched porn in politics  no joke, this was full on tear off the clothes and go porn  good movie otherwise though "
"prime rib for dinner? bemidji, i love you!"
"*sigh* i just had to annoyed  please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians "
"oh wow, i really wish i had been there "
"ya know, i never realized just how terrible internet e playful lorer was until i had something better "
i think the movie makers are finally starting to understand how to do 3d the right way 
"\i'm gonna _____ you\"" what do you think should go there  comment!"""
glee+the simpsons=happy <propmale>  :bravo:
"question: who likes disney?\answer: everyone\what's your favorite disney movie? mine's the lion <propmale>  laugh "
"today, i learned that i can get out of bed 8 minutes before class starts, and still just make it on time "
so   is it bad if a class meant for your <propmale> is abysmally boring?
i  love  glee  laugh 
"how do my headphones get so tangled up in my pocket? seriously, i couldn't do that good with my hands!"
fish fry in the dorm? hell yea!
"lmao, i'm taking this survey for how we would rate our school's orientation program, and one of the choices for sexual orientation is asexual!"
"woah woah woah, it's time for a two-for-one status update!1) good to see 7 year old me could beat current me at bowling2) i'm going home tomorrow! woot!  laugh "
"choir, home, then twins game   this day just gets better and better  laugh "
"greatest  weekend  ever!  i love my friends so much, thanks for making this weekend rock!  smile "
 crying  i still have another hour and a half of lecture!
"wow, that was officially the most touching episode of glee i've seen   it made me tear up  me!! that does not happen!"
it was just awesome to see the twins start out with such a fail 
i love those singing based game shows   you always have that one contestant that sings so badly they actually injure the soul 
"so   bemidji is already slow on the weekends, but then on the long weekends? i would say about half of my hall is gone  woopee "
"just learned something so bad   <propfemale> from glee?  yea, she was on epic movie first "
*sigh* stupid national i lost the game day   
"wow, i was e playful ecting way more \i lost the game\"" statuses today  i think this was a bust """
"ugh, stage light are so hot!"
"well, i finally watched glee, thus, i am happy "
zach <propmale> reminded me of let everything that hath breath   now i want to sing it so so so bad!!!
inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us  set this as your status and see what you get!
"so, in sociology we talked about how children become people as a result of human interaction  we then took that into language and why do we call things the what we do  does this ring a <propfemale> to any of my last year lunch buddies?"
"a warning to anyone that uses skype, don't touch the screen-sharing button  i did and it dang near wrecked my entire camera "
don'cha just love those songs that make you tingle every time you hear them?
why are all of the coolest songs on the piano way beyond my skill level?
"look at your status  now back to mine  now back to yours  now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down  back up  where are you?          you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like! anything is possible when    your facebook status looks like this one    i'm on a horse"
oh vikings    
*sigh* this rain is so depressing   
thank you everyone on facebook for letting me know that it's snowing  because i apparently forgot how to look out a window   
it has been raining here for more than 24 hours straight  crying 
"seriously, i officially feel cheated having been in monticello choir   i'm talking with everybody from my choir now, and i'm realizing just how jiped for music our school was "
*sigh* i miss my friends so much right now!
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple request  if you love god and you are not afraidto show it, repost this "
i'm high on music right now  laugh 
has a lot of halloween <propfemale> left  laugh 
tis a sad day  my voice has officially walked out on me because of the weekly abuse i put it through 
"oh jeez, i have a concert in two hours   "
"alright, concert's all done! who's going to applebe   oh wait, right      crying "
"list of legal-t surprise wn-stuff-that-i-want: a laser blaster (yes, they exist), a tank, anti-tank weaponry, a flame thrower, tannerite, a book that teachs you how to build stuff like claymores and landmines, a mini-gun, and thermite "
"so, i got drunk dialed at 5 in the morning by two people that i thought were more mature than that  grow up guys "
"alright, it's finally snowing in bemidji!"
"hate the twilight series? read this annoyed http annoyed  www cracked com article_18682_if-eclipse-was-10-times-shorter-100-times-more-honest html"
"freaken epic!  \http annoyed  www dorkly com video 5912 call-of-duty-epic-tomahawk-kill"
"so, today i have learned that not only is disney cruel, but it gives terrible life lessons  my childhood is dead now "
racquetball is probably the best thing ever 
one more day   
guess who get to skip class to sing? this guy!
"so far, i have only seen two other people on my floor   and one of them is probably required to stay   "
i'm home! yes!!!  laugh 
where will you be at 5am?  cause i'm gonna be sleeping like the all the other not-insane people 
"oh my gosh, i had the most amazing weekend ever!  thanks to all my friends who make me not want to go back to school, i love you guys!   laugh "
aaaaaand midnight!  thanks for all your birthday wishes everyone  joyful 
"mrs  <propmale>, it appears that terrorists have snuck a snuke up your sniz "
"learned something annoying today   apparently i didn't need to take sociology (that class sucks by the way, do not take it), and i could have finished my generals this semester  fml"
guess who is totally wear shorts to class?
essays suck  a lot 
"yay, google chrome is working again!  joyful "
"is learning the hard way that math skills, if not used, atrophy very quickly "
"when you <propfemale> the bible satan gets a headache   when you open it, he collapses    when he sees you reading it   he faints   when he sees thatyou are living what you read   he flees   and when you are about to re-post this message   he will try and discourage you   i just                defeated him!!! copy and re-post if you can  and    it          is hard to copy and repost u'll see"
"if\you think im cute, like this status  if you love me put a ?  if i am your friend put a  smile   if you want to go out with me poke me  if you missme put a  sad   if you ever had a crush on me, message me saying you do  if not scared post this as your status"
"*sigh* i thought this crap was over   i thought i could just go on living my life and leave the past in the past   but no, you just can't let anything go, can you?  life is annoying right now   but talking with amazing friends ( <propfemale> holker and <propmale> harren) always makes it better  smile "
like this status if you'd care id i died  put this as your status and see how many people acually care bout you
"dear person who set the fire alarm off at 2 smile 0in the morning annoyed \you are the most evil, heartless bastard in the world "
byah!
"well, today could end up being one of the most annoying days ever  i guess we'll see   "
"oh gosh, first college final  woopee   "
 crying   make the drama stop!!!
red green is coming to bemidji on april 3rd!!!  laugh 
"ok i'm bored lol so message me a number, any number and ill tell you what i think of you via my status, lets see how fun this can get!"
"44- despite all the crap i give you (and there's kind of a lot), you're still one of my best friends and an awesome person  smile "
"612- i miss you  i haven't seen you nearly enough, and think we need to get together over christmas break  wink "
"9752- you are an amazing, kind person and i hope you never change   you are also easily one of the strongest people i've ever met "
"69- your number choice does not surprise me   but i don't know, methinks there's an emotional side to you  wink "
"3334- you're still an amazing person no matter what anyone else says, and you're always going to be special to me  smile "
"85- you are an insane little person, but i love ya man  smile  you're one of the best friends ever!"
1945- i'm excited to see you over break too!  i miss your smiley personality a lot 
i have learned to only take classes that i need  because i now find myself in the awkward position of literally not caring about this sociology final at all 
"2009- you're an awesome friend and a wonderful choir <propmale>  joyful  oh, and game "
"seriously, this final at 3 smile 0 is the stupidest thing ever   why would they put a final there?  that's the most inconvenient time ever!"
finally done with finals!   laugh 
"holy crap, i'm going home today  laugh "
went and saw the old choir today  well   at least it was good getting to see my friends again  smile 
"alright, it appears that i can't drink hot chocolate without thinking of physics "
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does  <propfemale> family & friendship thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all!!
"i wish for two things this night: that the flames on my car would melt snow so that i didn't have to sweep it all off, and that my car handled better on bad roads "
"seeing as i'll probably forget tomorrow, i'm going to wish all of you a very <propfemale> christmas right now  smile "
i was jus made to listen to <propfirst> beiber for 30 seconds  my soul has been irreparably damaged 
back at school   yay?
"i gotta say, i love how the majority of my classes are a 45 second walk away from my room "
 crying  why do 8 o'clock classes exist?
"out of curiosity and boredom, i decided to try chatroulette  all the rumors you've heard are true "
how is it that my accounting books are bigger than my calc book was?
