e8b5617e00feba36500a8048c04fd800
they cancelled the <propfemale> show! noooooooooooo!!!d:
omg <propfirst> <propmale> is dead !!!x_x
grrrrr   boys suck :[
i found my bible   yay!!!
im soooo bored :[ and still havent done my summer assignments !!! annoyed  i think that makes me officialy  lazy   ugh
forgot to wash out my hair conditioner!! eeeek! i hope my hair doesnt fall out :[   my poor poor hair:[
pizza and cheesecake yum p:
omg the most amazing thing happened today! i love my sister btw   smile 
omg   i totaly just messed up the spaghetti   no one's noticed yet though (idk how   it tastes super weird)
i'm so krispy    i'm so krispy haha
"i\m soooo tired   i hate filling out applications   humph"""
life is fantastic  love 
it's raining! it's pouring! la la la la la la  smile 
"inglorious bastards was amazingly hilarious   great movie, great friends, great day  smile "
"\he's loosing his mind   and i'm reaping all of the benefits \"" *smiles*  smile """
rawr  fear me   love 
on the menu tonight: finger lickin' fried chicken yum yum yum p: lol
<propfemale>'s next top model!!! yay!
"why won't my facebook im work? why is the late bus, bus driver  such a jerk? :[ fml"
is anyone else going to the late shift of fall frenzy tonight?? cuz i still need a ride!!!
fall frenzy= amazing  laugh    jason maraz was sooo good  smile 
back and done with fall frenzy!!  smile  watching the color purple    o that celie  annoyed 
mmmm   brownies p:
i wanna see the play!!!
is eating cap'n crunch officialy the best midnight snack  ever yum 
is blowing out 17 candles!  smile 
is eating birthday cake and ice cream! yum p:
it's all kicks and giggles     till someone gets shot
is off to take my sat  *crosses fingers* hope i do well  smile 
mmm tacos  smile 
about to make brownies  smile 
thinks i should not be this bored on christmas
is on a shopping high  smile 
wife swap is soooooo addicting
1000 ways to die is blowing my mind right now    
stupid fafsa work  sad 
i said a boom chika boom
side by side  wink   wink  and pink!
is having an excellent weekend  smile 
1st place in fbla impromtu speaking!   and we got a new puppy!   this the best weekend ever!  laugh 
any name suggestions for a female dog?
new puppy's name decided (in my oppinion) juicy applejack   juicy or applejack for short
ok   new name jwoww juicy applejack
bacon eggs and pancakes  yum   smile 
<propfirst> (according to urbandictionary com): 1 )a bad ass motherfucker who who won't take no shit off of nobodythat girl is about to get the <propfirst> knocked out of her
"to days of inspiration playing hookey, making something out of nothing         the need to e playful ress-to communicate, to going against the grain,going insane, going mad!"
back from cali   berkeley and soka were amazing!
my throat is really dry and my jaw is really sore  sad 
"what i want want  want is what you want want want, give it to me baby like boom boom boom  playful "
is about to watch the last movie of the <propmale> potter marathon   oh the joys of being a nerd  smile 
virtual prom dress shopping is sooooooo lame  sad 
you'd never believe how dangerous cooking in stillettos can be    
hate's homework  sad 
just won the most epic sibling tickle war    hahaha
today is sooooo laaaaame 
if death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character   would you slow down? or speed up?
should be doing calculus homework    but is instead making browines  smile 
omg my mom thinks she is in labor!!!
found her prom dress!!! (finally)  smile 
glee was soooooooooooooo amazing!  smile 
i just had the privilage of cleaning the rotting chicken and ground beef out of my defective freezer        it was so disgusting
my mom had the baby!!!! and now    proooooooooooom!!!!
fml
is making lasagna  smile 
"jas' graduation, red lobster's, and my new laptop! what a great day smile "
but-dah   oh those summer nights  smile 
i am having way too  much fun on my web cam haha
is off to make brownies    i'm always making brownies    that's probably my most used word on facebook because i'm always posting it hahaha what a night lawl  love 
"<propfemale> provost :-walks in the room- -takes a sip of lemonade- -looks around- \this isn't my cup   is it?\"" everyone else: -laughs hysterically-"""
"don\t click on katia's links her facebook has been hacked by scam artist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
wow   me and my cousin <propfemale> porshe mosby just got jacked at the pool    triflin' people(insider)
<propfirst> moore's capitalism: a love story was amazing  smile 
boy meets wooooooorld  smile     it's been far too long
chchchchchchchchcherrybomb!
magic bananas!
me and my cousin are having serious food babies at the moment  annoyed 
home sweet home  smile 
woke up from my dream just as the teacher was about to collect an essay i never wrote     excellent timing body!
just back from watching eclipse and limitless pancakes from <propfirst>'s  smile  funfunfriday!
i'm hoping giving my puppy a ton of dog treats instead of dog food (since we're out) isn't the equvilent of giving a child a ton of <propfemale> instead of actual food   because thats what i'm doing  right now 
"if     you would like to know what i like dislike about you, my 1st impression of you, and a confession about you (narcissit  playful )  like my status!"
wii tennis tournoment in 5minutes    bring it on!
bp finally blocked the oil leak!
<propmale> beck!!! say whaaaat?
so i just woke up   after sleeping alll day  i really need to fix my sleeping habits 
"barro's, brownies, and wifeswap  smile "
<propfirst> and silent <propmale>!
inception was badass and so are my friends  smile 
why ask what's wrong if you're just going to say i'm being overly dramatic and then acted annoyed when i tell you ?
is home alone   has nothing to do   and therefore is bored 
"dear lady on trading spouses annoyed how do you have asthma and still smoke? you must really want to die \                                                                                         sincerely\                                                                                     <propfemale>  and <propfirst>  smile "
just found out my roomate!!!!! soooooooooooooo excited!!!!!
just got a new weave!
i hope you like prison food    and penis!!! ahahaha   the other guys was sooo funny
jasmyn: i think he's a drug dealer on the downlow     me: what kind of drug dealer isn't on the dowlow    is he a pharmacist? hahaha   don't judge me
just spent over 400$ at <propmale> world and target getting all the stuff for my dorm   i'm sooo tired
is watching a big brother marathon!!! thai got me addicted!
is getting braces    ?
already lost my asu id      e playful letive e playful letive e playful letive
these girls ran into a bird and it was stuck in the front grill of their car   it was soooo grosssssss sad 
143
just got my tarot cards read!!!!
true bloooooooood   smile 
i feel like this should be harder     why is it not hard yet????? (not that i'm complaining)
"rha camp! new programming position! and now      i'm moving! what an amazingly crazy \freaktastic\"" life i have!  smile """
omg    why won't this guy leave already????
my fortune cookie: a good position and a comfortable salary will be yours!
i  love  tylor and <propmale>!
dodge ball smile 
"\gay people+other gay people=fun!\""__thai ong"""
"\i'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this oval office \"" ~ <propfirst> w  bush hahaha gotta love dubya"""
skyyyyyype!  smile 
there's a kid in my global politics class name <propfirst> bieber! hahaha
"when i do good, i feel good; when i do bad, i feel bad, and that is my religion —abraham <propmale>"
rainbow festival was amazing!!!!!
"you are the michelangelo of your life, and the \david\"" you are sculpting is you """
is moving    finally!
implicit differentiation is not my friend  sad  especially on a friday night ):
sleep    study?   sleep    study?   and facebook wins
a day is lost if one has not laughed 
"all meaning is man-made  so make your own, and make it well   smile "
is having an amazing day  smile 
panda with my new roomie  best decision of the day  smile 
can't get warm  sad 
i'm hungry and bored   anyone want to go to breakfast?
"my last day of \childhood\""     lol"""
is a grown ass woman  ha 
5 hour energy is miiiiiiind-blowing  smile 
all my teachers cancelled class! woo woo!
i really want to write this paper    but i don't think the feeling's mutual  sad 
is very concerned 
made the right choice  smile 
should be sleeping but is too excited! and it's cudder time  smile 
 smile 
why so serious?
"first i was dying to finish my high school and start college  and then i was dying to finish college and start working  then i was dying to get married and have children  and then i was dying for my children to grow old enough so i could go back to work  but then i was dying to retire  and now,  i’m dying       suddenly i realised i forgot to live  appreciate your present situation  enjoy each day "
is dropping calculus      
lost my phone    again :[
we are all shadows and dust   
"to live is the rarest thing in the world  most people exist, that is all \__oscar wilde"
just got my new phone!  smile 
how am i still functioning    
class cancelled! woo woo     and it's bedtime smile 
business as usual
3rd all-nighter in a row   fml
chicka chicka yea sedona  smile 
pretty as a picture   sweeter then a swisher
designed in california  made in taiwan 
is glad <propfemale> ate that apple 
1st final   done   3 more to go  smile 
what was the point of this final being at 7:10 in the morning? do they want me to fail?
"manzy is the vegas of asu \hahaha"
is so excited for the end of the semester! just 1 more final and i'm outta here!  love 
cheaters  my guilty pleasure   sadly
is watching the titanic!
it's official  my sister is crazy 
black swan was sooooooooo good
blackout!!!!!
"\don't cry because it's over  smile because it happened \"" -dr  seuss  smile """
"\how could <propfemale> hate <propfemale>? she is such a good      slut!\"" -cady (mean girls!!!)"""
i think i'll try defying gravity 
towers elevators are creepy as fuck 
"? i've got friends in low places, where the whiskey drowns, and the beer chases my blues away ?"
resorting to alcohol is only going to make you feel worse 
i like my beats fast    
class cancelled! now back to sleep  smile 
"\a circle is round; it never ends  that's how long i want to be your friend\"""""
right at you 
you know what it is      green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow!
omg scary movies were a bad idea     
vocal lesson number 1: you must be above the note 
"\i love you to the <propfemale> and back\""  love """
"chipotle, i love you "
"too cold for you to keep her, to hot for you to leave her   who's that chick?"
you weren't perfect but you made life worth it 
