7e06f564484418507baabdff6812d57d
"eh, well   "
"\who is <propmale>? those who are happy with their portion \"" think about it """
doesn't finding halloween <propfemale> months later make you wonder why u even bothered in the first place?
so it seems that eating does not lead to happiness for some people
ha! canadian facebook!!! ftw
vja + threat of <propmale> not appearing in yearbook 2010 = <propmale> going to mokena for senior portraits
"que sera, sera, no?"
"finished world war z: democratic decimation = non sehr gut, but effective no?"
"not here, so yea"
wow  there's alot highlights from band camp 
thanks for the b-day wishes
summer homework?! nooo!!!
"random acts of kindness may be nice, but random acts of kindness don't make a saint "
isn't it funny when the thing you want to have is placed on a silver platter for someone else who never wanted it?
"if you can't beat 'em (school), then join 'em (because you have to) "
"not to be emo or anything, but the weather is really nice right now  my bright computer screen is complented really well by my shadowy room  other than that i love the rain "
freedom! done with essay!
since its inevitable    i can't wait for school!  playful 
"for the greatest gift, what price are you willing to pay?"
down and out 
"not a bad first day  nice to see old faces in classes  way too many new faces in ap gov though, but wth no prob "
"perseverance, that's the key word    personally sleep, rest, relax, or anything close would be great substitutes "
"thestudent: conquering homework, one subject at a time"
 troubled  hard time concentrating on hw    senioritis go away!!
"school allows me to have the sense of satisfaction as i complete my subjects one by one  smile  but then again, school consumes my time which destroys my satisfaction *shakes fist at 4 pg essay"
"the greater a man's talents, the greater his power to lead astray  it is better one should suffer than that many should be corrupted "
msi + hw
 surprise 
sxu + no essay = yes!!!
"keep chugging along and don't give an inch, yes?"
somnus bonus est 
"kk, im ready for next weekend!"
"well, apparently i can't type \what's on your mind?\"" on this and share it """
oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooooo (tomorrow at 5    and the day after that    until 4am sunday   )
filling out a few college aps b4 night falls on me
 wink 
so is blah considered an emotion? bcause i feel very blah
"riddle me this: a beggar's brother died, but the man who died had no brother  how could this be?"
"riddle: you arrive at the gate of heaven and hell  two guardians are here  none of them is seating in front of a particular gate, they are just walking around  one of the gate leads to heaven, the other to hell, and as you might have guessed, you have to find which one  the only thing you know is that one of the guardian is always lying and the other always telling the truth  you can ask one question to one of them "
one word: dead
"go to school tomorrow? sure, y not, i'll vegetate just about anywhere anyway > >"
"mundus vult decipi, ergo decipiatur "
"oddly enough, today was ok    then again ending the day with pie is always a plus  smile "
even the most graceful-looking swans still thrash their legs underneath 
too bad jobs dont just fall from the sky   _ 
"notifications, should one even bother to sort through if they havent been on for some time?"
plebs demens?
so somehow i cant see any of my 77 notifications that piled up while away   
"thinking that im getting old    its a bit faded, but wasn't there a time <propfemale> youtube didn't have so much ads?"
i get to go home early tomorrow  laugh 
"ever had that feeling where it seems like there's something important you should do, but you don't know what?"
"et tu, brute?"
study for viv's final? umm    dunnoo   
hold on a sec    what ever happened to all those fb quizzes? there were like a million of them on the newsfeed several months ago
last day of finals!!! (in 22 <propfemale>)
feeeeeling oooooolddd   
"um, yea  new year means a clean slate (?) "
"ugh, there's a dark cloud in the horizon"
"saw the book of <propmale>, and it was amazing  yes, way past the amazingness of avatar"
"the radio tells me that obama made around 450 promises, and kept about 75 while breaking about 75    um gj obama, at least you kept it even (?)"
new domino's pizza ftw
"strange, i can always trust on chef boyardee to disgust me, yet fill me up, everytime  power of soggy meat and noodles???"
"for today, am proud to be part of the going home club"
"brave fool or cautious coward, your choice  for me i say that <propfemale> will lead the way, after all what you reap is what you sow, yes? and anyways, dumb luck always luv'd the guy who never asked twice  playful "
that 30 <propfemale> nap during math was very relaxing  smile 
back from model <propfemale> field trip  <propmale> approves and reccomends future applicants to join for further discussion of relevant and unrelevant topics circulating around the world's problems and stuff like that  ;p
heart gold or soul silver? which one?
ooo    parents threw another curveball   
"so, senioritis    yea    hopefully that viv hw isnt a turn-in one"
"yay, one more quarter to go   "
"what to do to die today in a minute or two to two  i think i simply hard to say i harder still to do  a beat-ta-ra-tat, a twenty to two, a rat-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-two  and the dragon will come when he hears the drum at a minute or two-to-two today, a minute or two-to-two "
"waiting for the initiative to do viv essay to kick in    btw, is the topic limited to <propmale> lear?"
umm    most of these rpg stuff in facebook are basically the same thing   
how does one cure senioritis?
"coincedences happen more frequently than most people think  for example, middle school presented the yearly \max gets hit in the head with any type of ball\"" event"""
"look at the stars in the country side  there's so many of them that you'd think they're never lonely, but there's always that space between each one "
attention  i have nothing to share  thank you for your time; that is all 
"yea, english class outside when the sun isn't beaming too much on u is an amazing thing  hope we do it again tomorrow  laugh "
"having one of those rare down moments  ah well    que sera, sera?"
it's good to learn from your failures  i just prefer to learn from the failures of others 
thnx for all those who came out to support to man choir  big thnx for nhs for setting everything up   smile 
so useless  what do you say when you know the inevitable outcome?
"so we're all lonely inside, huh?"
me thinks that i may be moving to japan or korea if the opportunity arises   annoyed 
"i got my eight hours, how bout you?"
"random thought: i wish the characters in pokemon  would age already  i grew up with them, and now    i'm older than them  that reeeaally makes me feel old  o o"
"we say we love flowers, yet \we pluck them  we say we love trees, yet we cut them down  and people \still wonder why some are afraid when told they are loved "
"more fish in the sea, eh? that's good  i like aquariums "
"oh, there ain't no rest for the wicked,\\money don't grow on trees "
taken a liking to jcore ^ ^
"holy crap! i have more friends than photos now!  smile  \(i should upload more photos anyway   )"
"another door closes, and another opens    ?"
"first job, first day tomorrow  smile "
"currently: wants to re-take martial arts class, needs to study, have to buy a shuffle"
"we shouldn't b too materialistic    but damn, i need money plz!!!!"
nothing like clean sheets  laugh 
i dont remember    has there been a time where it rained without thunder and lightning in tinley park?
restarting something that was given alot of time isnt very fullfilling annoyed 
"after a 5 year hiatus on martial arts, will be learning them once more! any suggestions on what i should dive into?"
focus at sxu tomorrow!!! (joy   )
its always good to forget how to spell the last names of new friends  annoyed 
news flash!!! its hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooottttttttttttttttttttttttttt  smile 
<propfemale>    today in fb i tried to put my full name as my profile  apparently it contains too many letters >_>:
it's almost july! omfg!!!!
phillipines tropic heat beats il dry heat any day  annoyed 
happy independece day! its hoooot!
"partly bored, which is a new e playful erience o o"
"i donated blood today, so i'm gonna give myself a <propfirst> in the back   laugh "
"found out earlier that my son lost interest in band, and i was like \nooooo!!\""  sad """
library and then kill noobs online(?)
"listen, to that phat bass  laugh "
wow i'm not sure who's gonna c this but thanx much for the happy bdays  smile 
"had 16 fudge cookies, and no regrets to speak of  laugh  (they were sooo delicious)"
"trying to actually be studious asian this year, and now i hav a cold  sad "
soooo for me college is organized chaos  18 credit hrs was a bit off the top for a first year e playful   mayb   
"i'm getting da <propfemale> of this college thing  laugh  on another note, i'm impressed with how the japanese work  an untouched version of an old game for teh ds here is around 30$, but over there its like 10k <propfemale> which is about 120$ in ours o o"
<propfemale>    18 credit hrs and 5 clubs with more on the way? time management skills activate!
"remember how we were taught to read the directions before going on    woops\\other news: for those who play video games and actually note the songs within them, send me some song names and the game it comes from  sxu has their own radio station and i plan to play different things when i'm dj  laugh "
god sent lightning down and told us that we can be free of the prison called mandatory attendance to football games  laugh 
classical music doesnt fail me wenever i have to study  laugh 
"for the techie and those who understand, i got meself a 2tb hd for 120$  laugh  (tax not included)"
wanna learn how to speak ghetto    ill go ask someone here mayb  annoyed 
"a good sermon should be like a woman's skirt: short                                      enough \                    to rouse the interest, but long enough to cover the essentials   smile "
c(^-^c)
give me some classical music suggestions please! my youtube playlist is starting to bore me o o and i dont have the time to youtube surf classical music right now  sad 
"nomen mihi legio est, quia multi sumus "
got shot down! wooooooo     
"fate\is funny  hard work doesn't really ensure that it will pay in the end\like real life has dictated, but, just as the vietcong didn't\surrender, giving up without a fight would shame me  after all, fate might give me a lucky break, like my enemy withdrawing even though i was clearly losing ;p"
"list of college e playful eriences i wanted to do: mess up 10% of my grade, and do 2 essays over the night   laugh  (not really, ?_?)"
no one ever mentioned that people who don't use their fb pages for awhile arent ur friends anymore  sad 
i feel great  laugh 
"ever had that moment where you think \shoot i should be doing something else right now \""  wink """
"my mideast lit class is alot more enjoyable than i first judged  an another note, need to learn japanese ;_;"
"3 cups of coffee = 300mg caffeine = overdose = a scapegoat for murder, <propmale> psychology class ^^"
"don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed   wink  working today  laugh "
"i shall call him squishy, and he shall be mine, and he shall be my squishy "
"getting buff, attempting to absorb muscles in anatomy  troubled "
mah brain iz deflatin' cuz of dis sknez dat i hav  i dun no wut it iz but it beter go away cuz ders too much to r'member
"didn't realize that once i took a vit c pill that my mucus cells would go into overdrive, haha   "
id like to hav seconds on that organized chaos
sometimes it just takes eating one taco to break someone's day 
postatem obscuri lateris nescitis
just realized the anatomy calss i'm taking is supposed to be for sophomores   
after 30 mins of procrastinating <propmale> then decided that he would not study for his uber-majorly big anatomy lab that will occur this thursday  little did he know how disastrous this    > > ya u get the point 
"i forgot to say out loud how beautiful you really are to me\i cannot be without, you're my perfect little punching bag"
if technology was a woman i would   
"me- <propfirst> say something funny him- \penis\"""""
"judex ergo cum sedebit,\\quidquid latet apparebit \\nil inultum remanebit "
"one of sxu's reason to deny a ramen eating contest, if someone throws up, it could cause a chain reaction of vomiting throughout the lunchroom    lmao   "
"if you burn like a moth in a flame, and learn of the truth of all things, then you cannot stay with this world anymore "
i have a mew! f all of you who used cheats to get yours! (insert evil laugh here)
when a man takes out his sword he should at least slice radish right?
"if you can't beat 'em, use a stick"
fach    that's wat i learned in class today
so i was told to change my picture cuz apperantly goddeses isnt how i roll  =_=
"there i made profile pic me actually, dang critics"
"studying for psychology, so did you know that severe sleep deprivation causes temporary psychosis, loss of contact with reality, confusion, disorientation, hallucination , and delusion?"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have been eaten by dragons  the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers "
"please put this as your status if you know or are \related to someone who was killed in hogwarts when it was under siege by\ the death eaters during the second wizarding war  the order brings \unity, but the death eaters continue to <propmale> division and hatred  \57ish citizens died in the    terrorist attack against hogwarts  93% of \you won't repost this  repost to show your support of dumbledore's army "
"good night tonight, <propfemale> and i cleaned and upgraded my comp, while customizing the uncustomizable chasis  for those who don't care about first part umm    <propfemale> west once said, \a hard man is good to find \"""""
i am special  i make no mistakes  for the most part  yes  i think 
ode to an essay     please go away
"if you are near to the dark\i will tell you 'bout the sun\you are here, no escape\from my visions of the world\you will cry all alone\but it does not mean a thing to me"
"funny, never thought that campaign signs as weeds before  churchweeds "
sometimes the sound of goodbye is louder than any drumbeat 
great gargantuan grapes grazing geared golems gaining gigantic growth
i'm hungry ;_;
so im  being abused by white people + a black chick > >
wotcher?
"random fact: according to suicide statistics, monday is the favored \day for self-destruction \\moral: if you want to ruin someone's day do it on a weekend "
"and i quote \\4  if you had a <propmale> to kill <propmale> potter",what would you do?\7e06f564484418507baabdff6812d57d,the us has never lose a war in which mules were used  so does this mean that they're a good luck charm?
someone! bring back old school cartoon network and nickelodeon  i don't care much for all of these live-action shows
so <propfemale> tells me that self pleasure is the answer  rejoice and find what's inside of you 
"i have a theory, all last boss's? lose the fight because \they have good tastes in music and it makes it easier for the hero to \kick their ass  if last boss's never had any epic music during their \fights, the hero could never win, that's one essential quest item that \can never be forfeited in any game "
du hast den schoensten arsch der welt that's the <propmale> i learned today
"dear youtube,                      please stop all the purging  my playlists and faves are becoming dirty, videoless links and is causing me to e playful erience great distress  thank you "
"3 more papers to go, joy to the world ;["
"words of wisdom for the fragile mind:                                                                                                                                                                                         logic: knowledge is power ----> power corrupts ----> study hard, become evil > wink "
don't be bothered by it  i just laugh automatically when i hold sharp objects   wink 
facebook is trying to be sneaky and change my good old fb into their new style  stop fixing non-broken things! mr  t does not approve!
me fail english? that's unpossible 
"alrite, sandstorm is overrated "
"let past stay past some say, but the present sometimes isn't what it could be "
i have a dream  i have a dream that a poke all button will be manifest someday; in which our children and children's children can save time in their daily lives and have small buffer against carpal tunnel syndome!
hunger get wat hunger want! d:<
"internet & mobile networks have been blocked in egypt  facebook, twitter, sms & bbm are banned  an entire nation is being isolated, egypt is officially a blackhole  please spread  word needs to get out to the international community so that the state cannot commit violence against protesters without anyone watching  protect egypt's protesters by getting word out any way you can  share "
"<propfemale> doesnt win wars, but for some odd reason they are good when it comes to the board game diplomacy > >"
cheesey scalloped potatoes
i just had a thought  is suicide tied with the fact that we're an intelligent species? if that's true that's kinda    meh 
"apperantly when pacman moves around eating everything his sound effect is \wakka wakka\"" """
"\what's exocytosis?\"" \""that's simple! it's the opposite of endocytosis \"" o rly? > >"""
good thing characters in pokemon games have weak arms  ashe always looks like he throws the thing as hard as he can and a strong pitchwith a metal ball would take the last 5-10 hp of the wild pokemon and just ko it 
"a computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing \~emo philips"
sleep is directly related to long life so go to sleep before the permanent beauty rest  ;p
"you can pick your nose, you can pick your friends, but you can't pick your family "
"in the end, god will provide "
i learned something today  twilight: a book where a girl must decide if she wants to be a necrophiliac or have a preference for bestiality 
"a gift that was given without appreciation is a gift not worth recieving  also, korean kimchi rocks "
[insert a comment here]
god must be always bored because there's so many things happening in the world 
good teachers are <propfemale> for the minds as good friends are <propfemale> for the soul 
its a shorts day 
situation: small act of good   *chirp chirp* situation: small act of evil   *wtf?! blah blah! boom roar swish!* conclusion: good people are really underappreciated  people like to pay attention to the wrong things 
always depressing to find out a show that u had hype for is a flop 
"i've always heard that to test products animals are sacrificed, meaning they will show the results, which we know as side-effects, by e playful eriencing it themselves  these can be anything from a rash to a full-blown heart attack  never really thought about it, but it's never good to see it happen - not even in a class lab  innocents don't deserve to die from an intentional heart attack "
speak american! i can't understand english 
machiavelli is a genius 
the beginning of the end of the beginning 
i can't hear you over the sound of my awesomeness 
really 103 5fm? u really e playful ect to get some just cuz u managed to giv a girl a fancy 300$ dinner? i say shut up man-whore 
drugs? high? who needs that when you got music?
which takes more energy: to hate or to love? both sound very tiring >x< (dang you <propfemale>!)
when you're in despair and you've lost all hope always remember a key wonder: god doesn't hate you  no he hates us all equally 
