16a75041fc6e8ca7f80fe5e73732f6d2
it's 2010 in europe 
surfed amazing waves with <propfirst> <propfirst>  the conditions were so perfect 
we know where we're going ~ we know where we're from  we're leaving babylon ~ going to a foreign land 
road test on friday
won't ya come with me little girl on a magic carpet ride
stayed up too late chatting with strangers online  i'm such a loser 
going upstate sunday
fishing and hiking upstate 
home
facebook is retarded!!! >c
pressure drop
watching a <propfemale> spider build a web from my lamp to my pen cup
tropical depression!    laugh 
"fun day     bought college books, got a phone, went surfing "
by the rivers of babylon  
amazing surf
super clean head-high waves today  laugh 
college monday wow
"collidge boi    livin' on a prayer, red bull, and granola bars"
can't surf until homework is finished  sad 
<propfirst> buffet on the ipod
omg today i had the most amazing wipeout ever!!>> got side rolled in a tube  laugh 
writing a memoir
hoping the next 2 years help plaxico burress go straight 
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment or a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
sleep
1st standup ride in a tube today } smile d
sometimes all i can think about during class is dropping in on my next wave
homeworkkkk
what does indie mean
accounting was brutal    and then i caught every red traffic light on the way home 
just spent half an hour playing matchmaker     suggesting friends for people } smile )
surfing tomorrow
"came up for air, but now it's time for me to dive back into homework   troubled "
took a test in accounting 
now we're cooking 
you just can't live in that negative way~ make way for the positive day
how can we sing the lord's song in a strange land?
new wetsuit! i'm so stoked to go surfing tomorrow  laugh 
y0 i'm going ten <propmale> over the freakin speed limit  stop tailgating me or i'll fart on your freakin wind shield 
when you get down and quarrel every day~ you're sayin prayers to the devils i say~
yeeeaaaa        yankees worked it out!
i'm just a poor boy - i need no sympathy!
amazing surf this morning  now it's time to work the night shift to finish homework due tomorrow      it was worth it!
in the days of my youth i was told what it means to be a man 
matsui's on fire
omg the like button isn't working >o
midnight facebookin    ooh yeaahhhhh!
likes my profile picture
fool in the rain 
is sick  what a krappy day  sad 
99  i need one more friend!
o yea 100 that's what i'm talkin about
ohhhh one of those days  sad 
i really need a good surf session 
i can't take no more ~ of her diamonds on the floor ~ 'cause i can't help her n0oow
oh oh people of the earth listen to the warning the seer he said beware the storm that gathers here listen to the wise man
autobiography   surprise 
later bro
"weirrrrrd day  surfing, class, thanksgiving party "
watching the giants lose
popcorn and homework
<propmale> from subway is fat again and tiger woods may have had more than one mistress  what is this world coming too?!  } sad 
"<propmale>, fetch my cloak!"
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours    you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get  yes i am doing this shit  please don't ask me anything retarded though "
woohoo comeback giants
happy birthday everyone  i'm too lazy to write on all your walls 
"really, giants?"
culinary finals tomorrow  panic! breath  panic! breath 
is a fan of screaming like a girl when dropping in on an overhead wave 
"\ho ho ho and a bottle of rhum~ <propfemale>'s run off to the carribean!\"" -<propfirst> buffet"""
is a fan of global warming 
it's just as i suspected  my biceps are bulging today 
when i'm tired and thinking cold i hide in my music to forget the day~ i think of the girl i used to know~ i close my eyes and she slips away!
need an 81 to get an a in accounting
going surfing tomorrow to celebrate the end of the semester 
feliz navidad  laugh 
hmm i'm disgusted with myself  in my mind i have a shopping list of resolutions  god help me -- it's time for a fresh start 
what a disgrace to see the human race in a rat race!
insomnia!  sad 
"come monday, it'll be allright  come monday, i'll be holding you tight   "
"had the most awesomest time with jenn tucker, marycolleen <propmale>, and <propfirst> serin  i'll never forget this day "
wow today was as bad as yesterday was good
oh yeaa we're jammin'
the beatles are screamin in my ipod } smile d
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  please leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave 1 word about you  this should be interesting  wonder if i have 20, or more, brave friends who will do this!"
going out with the cooking club tonight    there will be much feasting and merriment 
tomorrow i'm getting my crasyazz car alarm fixed 
you think you're so cool but you're lookin' like a fool with your pants on the ground!
bought a new rabbit!!!!
this is the day that the lord has made! i shall rejoice and be glad in it 
woohoo
"when you believe in things that you don't understand, then you suffer ~ superstition aint the way "
so much free time between classes on tuesdays 
woo00 gonna chill with my best friends tomorrow   and maybe make some new ones 
"i've got to keep on chasing that dream, though i may never find it "
i'm taking my time ~ just movin' on  you'll forget about me after i've been gone   laugh  bostonnnn
"ok, so here's what happened  picture a 30ishyearold tall, skinny azz frenchman with an accent and a lisp who acts like he drank 8 red bulls right before class and you have the exact image of my new math professor  he's craaaaazy "
signed up for back of the house this saturday  it's been awhile since i've been in uniform    
"it's a new <propfemale>, it's a new day, it's a new life, and i'm feeling good "
"wowww, i'm macguyver  i can't believe i fixed that "
that was a good good night
whoooooooooooo are you?
let's go surfinnn
everyone in the ne should just hybernate today 
find me somebody ~ find me somebody ~ won't anybody find me somebody to loooove?!
"once i <propfemale> above the noise and confusion ~ just to get a glimpse beyond the illusion ~ i was soaring ever higher, but i flew too high"
<propfirst> white is <propfemale>!!!!! go u s of a
i can't let the joy-robbers get me   
unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled 
behind on homeworkkkkkk =o
raindrops keep fallin' on my head~ but that doesn't mean my eyes will soon be turnin' red~ cryin's not for me~ 'cause i'm never gonna stop the rain by complainin'~ because i'm free~ nothin's worryin' me
please send me another farmville request not!
does anyone need a tracfone double minutes card? i bought one and found out i don't need it    can't return them 
i like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain   laugh 
the sun hid its face  everyone left  the waves were perfect  i surfed alone 
epicccc longboard surf this morning  head high ground swell waves with perfect 45 degree slopes breaking left  woo00!!
if i fail this test tomorrow it's because i surfed too much 
weww i've got my bar laid out  now i just have to figure out how many square feet everything has to be  oh sheez spring ahead  why do the powers that be have to eph with the time?
long live the <propmale>  laugh 
so who's coming to montauk for the parade this sunday?
can't believe yesterday was the first day of spring and i didn't even know it    
ohhh they paved paradise and put up a parking lot 
kokomo!
"no shoes, no shirt, no problem!"
what blues? hey i forgot them!
hmm i always finish these projects for wine and <propfemale>  management at 10 o'clock the night before they're due    
surfskatealex [9:55 p m ]:  im 12
"this week i'm selling tickets for the cooking club's international dinner buffet fundraiser  it's on april 18th, 4-7 p m  if anyone's interested, hit me up  $16 for adults and $7 for kids 12 and younger "
ill surf
ahaaa can't believe i figured out a way to write my psychology paper about surfing   
never pick a fight with someone when you're not smart enough to understand their comebacks    
"after what happened at cooking club today, i'm seriously considering attending frisbee club and honor society club meetings for the rest of the wednesdays this semester "
just watched the animated movie ratatouille     i swear pixar used <propfirst> speranza as inspiration for the main character  
"\who's gonna love you when your looks are gone? god will  just like he waters the flowers on your window sill \"""""
how about them mets and cardinals    bottom of the 17th??!
it's b d e  season (bad drivers everywhere!)  and what's with that road work crew? the roads look like swiss cheese  they should just pave the whole @#$%ing thing   not fill in a pot hole here and there 
sleep  smile 
surf's coming  i feel it in my bones 
"\ethan likes this formspring question led to the suicide of a 15-year-old girl \"" is proof that we need the \""is a fan of\"" phrase back """
cute spanish girl behind the counter at burger <propmale> kept smiling at me    i think she made my meal a size larger than i ordered  o_0
i'm surrounded by liars everywhere i turn  i'm surrounded by imposters everywhere i turn  i'm surrounded by identity crisis everywhere i turn  am i the only one who noticed? i can't be the only one who's learned!
i'm seeing waves when i close my eyes   
i'm going to run after every frisbee today 
hate catching the first wave of a set and getting hammered inside for 10 minutes  the surf was mad choppy but the waves were actually pretty good  hmm i also applied at 6 restaurants today  somebody's gotta call me back!
call me a clown    i'll laugh  i don't care  call me a paddleboarder    oh it's on!
i'm using a sock as a bookmark because i lost the other one 
last night class of the semester    hit the sh burger <propmale> on the way home  the 6 pack of burger shots is goood 
"ethanattheend [10:12 p m ]:  omg i'm eating the best mango i've ever had \surfskatealex [10:12 p m ]:  omg\\surfskatealex [10:12 p m ]:  im so jealous"
props to google for putting pacman on the homepage 
i think i've surfed 5 days in a row now?
all a's this semester!  laugh 
<propfemale> bowersox for the win 
   pants on the ground!!
 smile  first day of internship    and i bought a new used surfboard
internet's down  i don't know when i'll get on here again 
"\no i didn't!\"" -xen angelidis"""
finallyyy back online  thanks for the birthday wishes everyone
should i ?
"okay, nobody else like my last status "
awww yeahhh tropical storm <propmale>     swell!
"thourough  carwash  if <propfirst> serin leaves another batch of sandcakes on my windshield next time we go surfing, he's going to die in his sleep   smile "
"i like that song by ke$ha because she says \i like your beard\"" at the end of it """
oh yeahhh we're jammin'
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
play that funky music white boyyy
"it's at the culinary campus   a couple of <propmale> away from the eastern  you could ride with <propfirst> and me, or if you prefer, i could give you directions  it's really not far "
that was not for everyone
some people are so uptight  it's better to go right than to ride the white 
"whaaaat? i can't believe burger <propmale> doesn't have burger shots anymore  6 2x2\ cheeseburgers in a box    most amazing thing ever  i'm so upset """
just baptized my new wet suit     he'e nalu forever!
phenominallll waves!!!  laugh  i caught some serious air   
"i don't care about your farm, or your fish, or your park, or your mafia!!!"
reggae got soul   got so much soul  listen to the beat    move your feet!
i just wanna fly   
just lost the game
out on the ocean you will find a little peace of mind anytime 
"but my breath fogged up the glass, so i <propfirst> a new face and laughed "
"these kids think they're so cool blasting rap in their moms' mini vans    \\put your hands up\"" is such a cliche hip hop lyric   it's gotta be because these artists are so used to running from cops and then they get caught and write their songs in prison   """
i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly   
mopping is a man's job 
gotta catch a wave    gotta do it and feel allright 
"speak the truth, and leave immediately after "
"lord, please send a tropical low up the atlantic, resulting in clean, slightly overhead, left-breaking waves this weekend  amen   smile "
finallly some sweet waves  thank god   i was about to go crazy  flat for 2 weeks 
"sheesh, surfing is easy  all you need to know is when to hold your breath"
surf!
"if winter's coming early, maybe spring will come early?  smile "
sunrise surf sesh tomorrow
anyone wanna go to an international dinner buffet fundraiser dec 5th? i'm selling tickets  hit me uppp 
"so don't treat me like a puppet on a string, cause i know how to do my thing "
"wow last night i had a nightmare that i was in my baking class and there was a quiz, i didn't do the reading, i forgot what my cleaning duties were, and i didn't have my roses "
o give thanks unto the lord; for he is good: for his mercy endureth forever 
eating an orange that's so old it tastes like an apple
i hear god's great blue ocean calling my name    
"ahhh the vicious cycle   homepage, link, homepage, like, homepage, comment, homepage    i gotta get off fb "
"just like the ocean needs the <propfemale> to take the tides away, all we need's a little time to <propmale> the blues away"
ho
surf 
epic
anyone wanna go surfing with me? the waves are sick and there's nobody out thereee
californians?
haha so bummed i got an itunes card as a gift but i scratched too hard and can't read the code on the back
b is for baking
"if anyone's got a plan to escape to puerto <propmale> right now, hit me up "
the ocean better get pumping soon  
the beard is back 
dropped with the tide
i'm considering investing in a flame-thrower    
whattttt i didn't ask for a new profile 
killer surf session at my secret spot   all by myself
"sooo i don't usually copy and paste mass statuses and post it as my own, but this one could turn out interesting   \\\valentines day is coming!! put this as your status and anyone that wants to be your <propfirst> will send a heart ? to your inbox \"""""
catch a wave; emancipate your mind 
"i hate when \all of the above\"" or \""none of the above\"" is an answer choice   """
i'm tired of all this white    i wanna see some green 
strawberry haagen dazs      yeahhhhhhh man 
winter nights are too long  
slash was cool but usher? no 
   that dreadful moment when you realize you held your cookie in the milk too long 
starting to see some patches of bare earth  i think it's about time we get some more snow to cover it up (hint of sarcasm) 
 smile  class ended early! got to hit some vfflw's (very freakin fun little waves)
"\it's better to be disliked for who you are than to be loved as someone you're not  \"""""
"\if you want to see the rainbow you gotta sit through a little rain \"""""
just lost the game
we can do better than this   
"\today    surf: ankle to knee high s wind swell \""    bs!"""
"whatever your hand finds to do, may you do it with all your might  may you keep your feet on the true path, and never lose sight "
the sun is shining   it's looking like another marley day 
hahaha i'm so tired    i tried to order a big <propmale> at burger <propmale> 
"\this is mucus' house!\""  nuhh i feel like i'm dying  sad """
so who's down to chill at the montauk st  paddy's day parade next week???
epic day
i feel like i'm drowning in your ocean    somebody come and take me awayyyy
"if any suny foodies didn't get the club minutes this week, give me your email address "
"so i thought i'd try the mtk skate park today   never been  \closed for the winter\"" ??? what the heck it's spring  that was depressing """
yet another school backpack is slowly dying   
stupid fun little waves
epic surf!!! nuclear bomb alert  
"time keeps on slippin', slippin' into the future,,,   "
