bb18d440131c9c2bf820f675a38b44d2
going back to jersey 
in jersey 'til the 25th of this month -- then moving back to sarasota fl
today my day is dedicated to classwork  boy oh boy! -- at least it's miserable and pouring outside   i'm just going to stay in jammies   smile 
working one to eight 
working out for a bit   then classwork  -- work was so draining today!  sad 
"poppin' in a movie, lying down, & crashing  night "
working noon to six  maybe later  -- football day today  ! yay!
dying my roots  doing classwork  & quitting my job  yep 
"well, the past 2 days have been sh*t  today night has been terrible  but on the brightside, i made some bangin' tacos and my belly is stuffed  !!"
"was going to go to the beach, but didn't  -- i didn't wanna go alone & my mama didn't feel like going after telling me she would  errgghh!!  looks like a classwork day  boy oh boy!"
how 'bout those boys?! 7-21 <propfirst>!! yeaahh mang!!  smile 
new crappy photos   ohh boyyyy !!!
hahahahahaaaaa  fml 
i swear   if i have swine flu   ima m*rda some b*tches  arghhhhhh!!!  sad 
work til eight 
"when being told sweet things, which you believe are sincere, you get the whole butterflies in your tummy, and a big smile on your face  -- then once you find out it's all repeated lines from the past, without meaning, that feeling is no longer there when you hear those things    only words  hollow, empty, meaningless words   "
"i always wanted my life to play out like a movie   and as of lately, it has  however, i was thinking and hoping more along the lines of a romance, not a dramatic tradgey "
can't sleep!! & i have this stupid paper to write  gah!
immitation poptarts are disgusting 
"i definitely stayed up past 8am writing four papers for bio class  man, i need to stop procrastinating  -- workin' from 6 til volume decrease   lets hope it's early  more classwork to do! boy oh boy!!!"
wow  what a long crazy night at work  i'm actually sleepy fairly early for the first time in awhile  thank goodness 
"keep your friends close, and your enemies closer "
"i swear i hear my name being said 2 minutes and 44 seconds into the song \slide\"" by the goo goo dolls  -- probably just going crazy   but it's been driving me nutty """
workin' 6 til 11 then a ton ton ton of classwork   that i don't want to do  anyone want to help?  smile 
needs to catch a second wind to complete all of my classwork  ugh!
wants to go see paranormal activity tonight 
i can't sleep  i'm wide awake  i feel like it's 6 in the afternoon  this is rediculous!
gah! i don't frickin' knowwww!!!!! *angry face*
"    don't cha under-estimate the intelligence of this blonde  !!  smile  working 6 til volume decrease   probably meaning not 'til after one in the morning  oh joy! -- then classwork  busy, busy, girl  bleh  -- keep me company & sane while i'm at work   text it "
"there are some insane jumping crickets down here that have no sense of direction   i had two jump on me tonight and it freaked me out, a lot  -- damn florida and its creepy bugs  "
i cannot wake up by alarms to save the life of me   i need to be up at 9 smile 0  i set eight of them  lets pray it works  haha  night night 
miserable day at work today  thank god it's over  - i really need to find a new job asap 
"so, i bought one of those 2 lb bags of <propmale> wonka 'mix up' <propfemale>  for trick-or-treaters & for me to pick on some laffy taffy 'til the 31st  there were 22 banana laffy taffys and 4 strawberry  i hate the banana ones  dissapointed "
working 6 - 11  hopefully i'll get out early 
tons & tons of homework to get done before midnight tonight  gah! no fun  gonna be really busy for the next few hours  that's what i get for procrastinating  
i cannot believe it's november already  this really hasn't hit me yet  -- i miss jersey autumn weather   sad 
"had a long stressful day, but then night ended well  -- in a much better mood now! thank goodness  !!  smile "
"warning: do not go so the movie 'where the wild things are' if you are depressed or are having suicidal thoughts  -- seriously, that movie could really push someone over the edge  it is definitely not a happy movie "
headache  crappy weather  bad day at work   sad  bleh  just ready to go to sleep & have a new day begin 
endless classwork today  ehh  but get to see my man tonight; & busch gardens tomorrow?!
i need a vacation 
"66 degrees down here & i'm freezing  guess living in florida thinned my blood -- i'm so happy that it's cooling down though, maybe it will start to actually feel like november  finally time to wear long sleeves! yay!  smile "
this is what i get for procrastinating   6 assignments to do for the remainder of today plus 3 tests  already did 8 assignments today   i'm getting burnt out with these online classes 
"i just realized; the majority of my current life revolves around school, work, & cleaning  i hardly do anything else  "
"so, it's almost midnight  i'm trying to finish this 17 <propfemale> paper before i go to sleep; i've only accomplished 5 1 2 <propfemale>s  -- it's gonna be a long night   sad "
14 outta 17 pages finished; almost done! i can't wait to finish this stupid paper 'cause tonight is date night with my man  !!  smile 
it's going to be one of those day   i could just tell already  & the crappy rainy weather isn't going to help contribute to making this day any better  blehck 
"   my gut was telling me that today was going to be a very bad day  apparently, my gut never fails  *sigh*"
phone just got turned off even though the <propmale> was paid this morning?! looks like the rest of my day will consist of writing an essay for history and taking my bio final since i can't get in touch with anyone to do anythingggg  sad 
<propfemale>'s christmas party tonight   still have no idea what i'm wearing  oh well   
hello hangoverrr  !!
"i want someone to come over & cook me some food  mmm   breakfast food, that sounds good  & that won't make my tummy sick; i don't think  gosh, i'm so hungry "
i burnt water  who does that?! i didn't even realize this was possible 
i'm so proud of the cowboys  !!  smile 
movie; bedtime  meeting for work tomorrow 
work from 4 surprise 0 til ?:?? god only knows when  hope i make some moneyyyy  !!
"gave up on trying to find someone for the celebrity doppelganger; so i just put up a new picture of myself  oh well  i'll still take ideas for one though, if anyone has any  "
thank god for days off of work  !!  smile  -- my only day off this week & i'm enjoying every moment of it 
i'm actually sleepy fairly early tonight  it's about time that has happened  going to watch a movie & try to fall asleep at a decent hour 
"it is so crappy out today   all i want to do is stay in jammies and watch movies  but no   got work at 5  bleh,,"
got out of work early tonight   yay!! -- going to work out for a bit; then do my hair 
not a second of sleep last night; and i have to work tonight  hope i could get a little nap in sometime today  
watching 'i hope they serve beer in hell' then hopefully falling asleep shortly thereafter  i need the rest; it's going to be a busy day tomorrow at work 
"long night; busy day at work   i'm exhausted  -- cuddling with my dog bentley, watching 'the hangover' & going to try to get some sleep "
shopping; sushi; work at 5 
work at seven; then i'm coming home and workin' out for a bit  i'm determined to get in shape  !!
hmm   facebook isn't working on my laptop  -- have off work tonight; tryna figure out something to do  -- get at me on my cell   smile 
"what to do; what to do, for my birthday tomorrow  "
ugh!   crappy weather on my birthday  -- japanese steakhouse for dinner with mom and friends   smile 
spent my evening with my <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> & went to see '<propfirst>'s day' 
lunch and mall with mom  then meeting at five for work  then work 
work at five  don't hesitate to come visit me there  !!  smile 
cleaning movie bedtime ; waking up early to workout 
looks like i'll be working 7 days this week  so much for my sunday off; oh well   i could use the money  --  come in & see me tomorrow!!!!  wink 
hair  reading  sleep 
missed out on going to the beach with <propmale>  !!  sad  instead; going to work at 3 surprise 0 be out by 5 surprise 0-6 surprise 0 though!
i need to get out of here 
work at two   
short day at work  -- sushi with mom  -- goin' to call it an early night & catch up on some much needed rest 
working out shower movie sleep
i have an online shopping addiction 
bubblebath time love 
"just got home from work  boy, it was a long day  -- movie then sleep "
all smiles today  !!  smile 
eh    gotta go into work early  by four hours  bleh 
fell asleep real early for once  -- now i'm awake and i can't fall back to sleep 
tryna find cheap tickets from preferably sarasota (or tampa) to atlanta  hmm  
"well, i found some tickets   not exactly cheap; but it'll do  looks like i'll be leaving march 25th and staying for 4 or 5 days  i can't wait! -- i also can't wait for friday to come! this week is goin' to go by so slowly   "
<propfemale> march 25th to the 30th  hmm    cannot wait!  love 
"my best friend, <propfemale> kesner is down from ohio today & this 'someone' is driving down to see me tomorrow!  smile  the next few days just cannot get any better!"
not feelin' so hot    sad 
regretting i bought two bottles of dayquil today and no nyquil   
just got a super awesome phone!!  smile  still trying to figure it out though  
come visit <propfemale> drake and me at evies <propfemale> ridge tonight for our tuesday trivia night  !! begins at 8 surprise 0pm; see ya there!  smile 
crazy night at work tonight; but i came home with some killer cash  !! definitely not complaining!  smile 
come to evies <propfemale> ridge to visit me & celebrate st  <propfirst>'s day the right way  !!  wink 
one more week til i go to <propfemale>  !!  love  can't wait!
three more days and i'll be in <propfemale>!  love  so excited!
this time tomorrow i will be in <propfemale> with a very incredible man; my incredible man!! mmm   can't wait  !! love 
had a wonderful time in georgia! love  it just went by way too quickly   keeping my fingers crossed for this weekend!
come visit me tonight at <propfemale>'s!! you know you wantta!  wink 
"thinkin' a movie, icecream, & cuddles with bentley  yep! sounds good to me!  smile "
today has been a very productive day off! but i am missin' my man    sad 
come visit the girls & i at evies <propfemale> ridge tonight  !!
april 29th - may 2nd   going to north <propfemale> to see my man  !! love   smile 
i'd love to see what else could possibly go wrong today   ugh! it's been one of those days   sad  -- n  <propfemale> thursday though!! cannot wait!! love 
"thinkin' about dying my hair back to its natural color   dark, dark brown  input please?!"
airport in an hour   then around 4:15pm i'll be in north <propfemale> in my man's arms!! love 
in north <propfemale>! had a wonderful night last night with reed love  so glad i got the <propmale> to come up here to see him!
ugh! sleep isn't looking very promising tonight  
come visit the girls & i at <propfemale>'s <propfemale> ridge for cinco de mayo tonight! $2 50 coronas!!!  smile 
why must i feel sick on my day off work  ?!  sad 
definitely jammies and multiple movies for the remainder of today  
got to talk to my man for a little while today  in a much better mood!  smile 
i cannot wait for memorial day weekend  !!  smile 
dinner date with my mom tonight for her birthday  happy birthday ma! love 
i have dark hair pictures up!! extremely blurry though   sad 
somebody please give me a new pair of eyeballs! i can't see a thing & my eyes have been devil red for the past 24 hours   sad  i need to save up for lasik; i've about had it with contacts  
got to talk to my man today & catch up on things  he's got eight more days left of the sfpc  & i have two weeks left til i get to go back up to n  <propfemale> to see him  !! love 
more dark hair pictures  !! hooray for boredom!
ten more days til north <propfemale>  !!  love 
hot yoga with <propfemale>!!
putt & chug mini golf contest tonight at evies <propfemale> ridge  !! 2 people per team; $5 per person  top four teams win prizes! so come visit the girls & i tonight; have fun & win  !! -- be there at 9pm!  wink 
<propmale> surprised me & drove down from n  <propfemale> to see me for one day & two nights! but i have to work today    sad  i have such an incredible man in my life!  love 
so happy i got to see my man this weekend! it was so une playful ected; but a wonderful surprise  only a few more days 'til i'll be having a 'four day weekend' with him in north <propfemale>  thursday isn't going to come soon enough!!  love 
pedicures & sushi with mom today!  smile 
north <propfemale> to see my man tomorrow  !! love 
flight cancelled from n  <propfemale> back home so i get one more day with my man!
back in sarasota; but don't want to be  i miss <propmale> already! i had such an incredible time  !! love 
today has been a very productive day so far   getting a lot of very important things taken care of  -- now it's time for a bit of a break; lunch with my girl <propfemale>  !!  smile 
& the countdown begins    21 days   sad 
i've got one more day to talk to my man!  smile   smile   smile  so scratch the 21 day countdown   countdown begins tomorrow; 20 days 
"a great night for some ice cream, movies, and jammies  !!  smile "
"going to try to make today as productive as possible    bank, grocery shopping, a much needed work out session then work at 5  -- keepin' busy!  smile "
took bentley to the vet today to get his shots today  he was such a good boy  he loses his 'manly-hood' in 12 days   my poor bubboo   sad 
mmm    panera   smile 
"i was eating some wasabi flavored dry roasted edamame & my dog was begging  i gave him 1 2 of one thinking he wouldn't like the painfully pleasant sinus clearing wasabi flavor & it would stop his begging  i was wrong; he ate it then kept begging for more  then he went up to the bag, picked it up by his mouth and brought it to his bed  i got a kick out of this  he must really like them  i guess i'm easily amused   "
went to the beach with my mom today; & boy did i get some much needed color!
10 days down; 10 more to go! can't wait for my man to come home! i'm missin' him!
going to the gym   actually not working out at home  first time in over a year!
"\there are no short cuts to any place worth going \"" -- <propfemale> sills"""
if you don't push your limits you'll never know what you're capable of  
halfa bottle of wine to my face && i'm callin' it a night  night 
gym   work 5- close   then out with the girls  smile 
while on my phone i guess i entered the 'incorrect pattern' a few too many times and it locked up  it asked me to enter my email & password; so i did   & it's still not unlocking  damn droid 
"i have been having the absolute worst luck this month  --  yeah, i don't like july much  hurry up and be over with already "
"he who hesitates, regrets "
rays game tonight with <propfemale> a  levy  smile 
vanilla ice ice baby    ooh yeah!  wink 
"i live with very minimal regrets because everyone who once mattered to me, or any obstacles that came my way which i wasn't happy of at the time; made me the person i am today  without those peoples' impact & without learning from mistakes i once made i wouldn't be me; & i am very happy with the person i have become "
"\waiting for an egg to hatch that has nothing inside will get you nowhere \"""""
i have my droid back!!  smile 
"pedicure, manicure, sushi & laying out by the pool   sounds like a good day off work to me "
haven't been feelin' so hot today  sad  -- but going to grab japanese for dinner with my mom!
working 6 'til close  stop by evies tavern on the range tonight and say hello to the girls and i  we'd appreciate the company   smile 
"\people are like dirt  they can either nourish you and help you grow as a person or they can stunt your growth and make you wilt and die \""  -- plato"""
out with my mom for all you can eat sushi   smile 
"i fell in love   with a mv agusta f4-spr   love  maybe it's only lust   but damn, she's good "
not even five o'clock on a tuesday afternoon and all of the loonies are out   i swear  i cannot wait to get home from work and have two consecutive days off 
"a day with my lovely <propfemale> kouvatsos  love  mani, pedi, starbucks, shopping  fantastic   smile "
little bro is down for 2 weeks   smile 
i forgot how nice it could be to have your family around  
"sea world, downtown disney & rain <propmale> cafe for dinner  great day!  smile "
i want to take a trip up to jersey soon   really soon 
i feel naked without my phone   hating this 
i need a vacation   
"ugh  rain, rain, rain on my day off  looks like i'll get a lot of cleaning accomplished   staying in; jammies and watchin' movies sounds good "
lunch with mom  smile 
ugh  not feeling so hot today     sad 
mmm sushi with <propfemale>  !!  smile 
i feel like i just ate my body weights worth of calzone   ugh! stuffed; for once  
i think my phone is on its last dying breath  
i seriously make some kick a** smoothies! yum    smile 
technology has not been my friend for the past 24 hours   *sigh*
today has been a pretty productive day   a lot has been accomplished  but my phone has pretty much completely given out on me  sad  getting a new phone is next on my must do list  thinkin' late dinner with mom then renting a couple movies  
"love those guys at verizon!! apparently i'll be getting a new phone much sooner than e playful ected because i'm getting the ultimate hook up! (well maybe not quite, but i will be saving $550) can't wait! about two more weeks & droid 2 you will be alllll mine!!!!  smile "
today is my grandma's 72nd birthday!! happy birthday mom-mom  !! i love you bunches & bunches!! xo xo xo
    & my 'weekend' begins! 'bout time!!  smile 
"well, hello there droid 2! i am so happy to have you in my life!  smile "
someone help <propfemale>& i find somewhere in st peted to eat 'cause right now we're lost lost in the ghetto& almost got hit by a school bus by a trailer park!!**
"so, i've come to the conclusion that lysol pacific fresh scent all purpose cleaner smells just like joop colonge for men    which by the way, i find to be hilarious because it's the '<propmale> man colonge' hmm  "
come to evies on <propfemale> ridge to watch college football & visit the lovely ladies & i  take advantage our new football drink specials too! you know you wanta!!  wink 
"come to evies <propfemale> ridge to watch the bucs steelers game! &visit me of course!  wink  yes, you heard right, we are airing the bucs game, & all the other nfl games!"
nuttellaaaaa love 
"my next investment will be for a new pair of running shoes  maybe a pair of rollerblades too! anyone want to start going rollerblading or biking trails with me now that we are beginning to have nice, cooler weather?!"
decided to go to the beach on a wimb to try to escape reality for a bit & right when i got there i saw the most vivid meteor   it was absolutely gorgeous 
definitely have been on an ever-so-random oar kick for the past 24 hours   but can't find the live at msg version of 'heard the world' video  disappointing 
work at 3; stop on by  smile 
"ah, i love pedicures  love "
my boys made me proud tonight!  smile 
need a new phone already   its only been a little over a month  thank god for insurance  
"when you know, you know   that's all there is to it "
work til close  come visit me!  smile 
got my new phone in the mail today!! i am no longer phone-less!  smile  4th droid in 7 months   ridiculous 
thinking about going to jersey for a few days in december  
"nothing ventured, nothing gained "
come to <propfemale>'s tavern on the range to watch some monday night football & visit me of course  wink 
 love   smile 
"ugh! sick    sad   jammies, movies& snuggles?! i'm thinking so!!"
working tonight! come visit!  smile 
flight is booked for vegas in february! can't wait!  smile 
about this time next week i'll be in vegas taking birthday shots!!!  smile 
