9a8202fe04ca5ebc69b2499ce73c261f
"friday night, bored to death "
going to pick up kids from school and take <propfemale> to pick up her first paycheck  yeah!!!
who invented mornings?
getting ready for interview at state farm in ponca today 
job interview at state farm today   nothing to wear 
thanks guys!
"happy fall ya\ll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
heading to kaden's soccer practice in a few  go tigers!
finally finished helping kaden with his homework   is it supposed to take 2 hours for a 3rd grader? ugh!
"time to bundle of for kadens soccer game   way too early and way, way too cold! have a great day everybody!"
"glad the weekend is finally over   drama, drama, drama!!!!!"
happy b-day <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just spent 3 hours in the emergency room with <propfemale> to find out she has a virus  did you know that 7 out of 10 flu tests will have a negative result but that doesn't necessarily mean you don't have the flu????
"and did you know that a rapid result strep test can be negative but you could still be infected   if you are lucky, they can throw in a throat culture (just for shits and giggles) but it takes 24 to 48 hours to get the results and if that tests positive, then you might get a perscription "
happy birtday <propmale> witman!
"well folks, it has taken me 18 years but i am officially enrolled for the spring semester as a full time college student at noc throught the university learning center at conoco "
leave a one word comment that you think describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting    keep it going22 minutes ago · comment · like   unlike
thank you all for the birthday wishes!
no preference during summer  after school during school 
"sometimes its better not to say anything, than to say how you truly feel and make things worse "
"out of the 10 voices in my head 9 are telling me not to kill you, i would be afraid of the one telling me too!!"
"if  you do not want it done to you, then do not do it to someone else  if you find fault in others, then clean your house first "
