5cb1b962428d1996d36c498adc62ab8a
"happy new year, everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  joyful "
"it's so beautiful outside! i think that spring is gonna come early this year     i love it!! so far, (minus me still having a cold) this new year is going great!  joyful "
ah     ncis never gets old   smile 
"hey guys, i'm going to have to delete my old fb, someone keeps on hacking into it     so this is going to be my new one "
congrats to <propfirst> and <propfemale> rhoads on their wonderful marriage! i am so lucky to have <propfirst> rhoads as my older brother! i love them both so much!!  love 
"i miss <propfirst> and <propfemale> already     i hope they're having a good time on their honeymoon, and i really do hope they have a long and happy marriage together "
gets to start painting her room today     finally  smile 
"everyone keeps on telling you to go to school, and get good grades so you can go to college  so you can be whoever you want to be  what they don't tell you, is how much it's going to cost  if everyone wants you to go to college, why does it have to cost so much? you would think that prices for school wouldn't cost as high as they are  why can't college be free, like elementry-high school was?"
school starts again in just 8 days       this is depressing       i really dont want summer to end yet!!
please let it storm tonight      we need the rain    
"thinks its funny how i've started to watch the movie clue, (if you guys havent seen it    it's basically like the game, taking place in a spooky, dark old mansion with storms all over the place as the characters find out who killed who, in what room, with what) anyway as i start to watch it, an actual thunderstorm is going on outside    go figure "
gotta love being woken up by your dog licking your face at 3:15 in the morning   wink 
hmmm             chocolate mint milkshakes         smile  
school starts first thing tomorrow morning 
still cant believe that school starts again tomorrow  why does summer have to end so soon?
so        my first class of the day ended 45 <propfemale>  early  pretty awesome stuff   smile 
"can't decide on what movie to pick from netflix, any suggestions?"
i'm so bored! i even did all my homework for today already 
watching <propfemale> bride with my sisters 
is finally starting to write a novel again!  smile 
hopefully i'll be able to get some sleep tonight for a change 
"is so glad to finally be home from a long, but busy day from work "
is so nervous about tomorrow morning   
this mornings service went great! i actually didn't mess up!!!  smile 
all of my classes for the day is offically over!!!!!!!!!!!
"\music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy \""  - ludwig <propfirst> beethoven"""
"you can definitly tell when school has started when just on the second day, you have so much homework to do, and tests to study for "
yay! choir practice starts up again tonight  i've actually missed it this summer 
"going to get some homework done before choir practice, and then i'm gonna finish it afterwards "
pay day today!  laugh 
is watching 500 days of summer 
"omg, work was so slow this morning  i'm so glad to be at home now and that work is done and over with for the day "
"loved the church service this morning, very lively, full of loving and caring people  just like how it's supposed to be   smile "
finishing up sociology homework before my 7 smile 0 am class tomorrow  god    why did i sign up for such an early class    in fredericksburg?! he's the only one who know's right now   
writing     writing     writing   smile 
just finishing up some last bit of homework     then off to bed for my early class tomorrow morning  -_-
classes are over for the day     now i get to go home and go back to sleep     yay!
is thinking about joining choir at school    
"okay, enough stalling    and back to homework so it'll be done and i won't have to worry about it later "
gets to go to the mall tomorrow with ratchadaporn ?????? kokphae     i'm so excited! it's been forever since we've done that!!!  laugh 
is watching pride and prejudice again    god i love this movie!
okay so today will be dedicated to work and studying     so that way i'll have tomorrow off!  laugh 
is so glad to finally be home from work     and now to figure out what to do for the rest of the evening   
is so bored i'm actually trying to learn the rap to 'i love the way you lie'
loves to get up in the morning and see there are a few messages in her message box from people she loves      smile 
i know my sisters don't have a facebook yet    but i do wish them good luck on their first day in highschool!!  smile 
is about to go to the last class of the day    lets get-er-done!!!!
going to get started with laundry    and then off to homework 
first exam of the school year is tomorrow    wish me luck!
goodbye week    hello weekend!!  laugh 
woo-hoo!! associates at tj's get's 20% off today!! guess who's going shopping    lol 
is remembering 9 11     i'll never forget 
loves blasting out glee's music in the car while have all the window's rolled down   smile 
studying for my first history test that's this thursday 
is gonna do homework outside    it's so beautiful out   smile 
"essay to write for humanities, study for my history test on thursday, try and get a head start for my math homework, and study for my sociology test that's next wednesday  yup looks like another semester of college has started "
"one class down, one more to go! let's do it!!"
it's so pretty outside    why can't it stay like this all year long?
loves naps   smile 
i wanna be a billionare so freaking bad    buying all the things i never had 
watching a movie with me dad   smile 
yes!!!!!! we're having chinesse food tonight      score!!!!!!
\if you dream the same thing more than once," it'll sure come true \""\"5cb1b96242 laugh 1996d36c498adc62ab8a,"can i go back to bed, please? i tired    -_-"
just getting some chores and homework done now    so i can watch some glee tonight   smile 
doing humanities homework       lovely  wink 
gonna make some lunch     then watch a movie and get me homework done  choir practice later tonight! just another normal wednesday i guess   
"\have i gone mad?\"" asked the mad hatter\",5cb1b96242 laugh 1996d36c498adc62ab8a,came home from a good choir practice     and now time to finish up the rest of me homework   
yes!! payday today!  laugh 
"cleaning and decorating for pappy's birthday today! happy birthday, pappy! love you!  love "
can't believe i worked 10 hours today    -_-
so          we sang some christmas tunes during my choir practice this morning 
hates rain
"\could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now \"""""
give me a frappe mocha from mcdonalds and i'm in heaven 
"thinks that i'll sit on one of our couches down here in the basement, and read a good book  i haven't done that in a while   smile "
"is thinking about getting her hair cut short again, a whole lot shorter than last time    any thoughts?"
|how does she know you love her? how does she know she's yours?| -- enchanted
"yes, i was just watching disney's version of <propfemale> in wonderland    don't make fun   smile "
"\your love makes me forget what i have been  your love makes me see who i really am \"""""
just hanging out a bit on here before i turn in     then i get to go shopping with my sis at the mall in the morning!
"church service was good  got to see pastor <propfemale> berglund again! god, it was so good to see her    i hope your travels are good on your way back home tomrrow, pastor!  love "
"makin' some new playlists for my ipod  anyone have any good new song suggestions? i haven't been listening to the raido lately, so i don't know many new songs that are out "
"an earthquake came into fredericksburg, va?! what? what?!"
"okay guys    for my halloween costume this year for work (yes, we can dress up at work) i've *with ratchadaporn's help* come up with 2 ideas  tinkerbell, or a little devil     what do you guys think?"
why does it have to be so cold outside?
yes! my algebra class got let out early    onto writing my novel now   smile 
lol i just realized that i forgot to post this yesterday     yesterday was exactly one month until i'm finally 21!!!!!!!!!1  laugh 
yes!!! temptures are going back up    it is now about 80' outside    hallelujah!!!  laugh 
i like it on the couch 
is learning the rap to <propfirst> <propfirst>'s 2012   smile 
anybody else's chat not working? or is it just me?
can hear the marching band and the man at the loud speaker from the press box from the mvhs football game loud and clear inside her house!! o o
"\i left my head and my heart on the dance floor \"""""
"studying for my history, sociology, and algebra test that's all in the beginning of this coming week     lord help me  -_-"
"seems like no matter where i go, either that be school, work, kohls, or at a restruant people will come up to me and ask me if i went to mvhs, i'll say yes, and then they'll point at me and say, \i used to see you walk around in the hallways there \"" but i would have never seen them before in my life  what's up with that?"""
i just realized that today's date is 10-10-10  so       happy 10-10-10 everyone!  laugh 
so     i came home from work to find my sisters and my parents watching snow white and the seven dwarfs      
so much to do     so little time    
"i'm disinclined to acquiesce to your request  means \no\"" """
"is so tired of hearing acorns falling onto my car and hitting my house! why don't we skip to next month first real quick, and then straight to spring?!"
yuck       rain 
"just realized that my messiah practices starts this sunday!!  laugh  which means, now i have 2 different choir practices every sunday      should be quite interesting on how that's gonna turn out  lol "
"it feels so good after getting a full 12 hours of sleep, when this past week, all i've been getting is about 5-6 hours   smile "
why is it so cold outside?!
missed <propfirst> riordan and <propfemale> roehl at work tonight  work just wasn't the same without you guys     made the night go by so much slower  -_-
"love my sister(s) week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, \wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, \cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend \forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister  -- i'm lucky, i have 2 and a sister-in-law!  laugh  i love all of you guys!  love "
nothing like singing christmas songs in the end of october for choir   smile 
yes! my humanities class was cancled     i get to go home!!!!  laugh 
this year's halloween's gonna be awesome!!
classes at germanna are ready for the spring already?! it's not even halloween yet! o o
"can't wait for this week to be over, and done with "
"\e playful ect the une playful ected \"""""
"just finishing up my algebra, and then back onto studying for my history test tomorrow     wish me luck!"
the colors on the leaves looks so beautiful     smile 
"had a pretty good weekend, worked for the most part of it, but i had gotten a lot of stuff done  ending with a beautiful full <propfemale>, and stars up in the dark sky, couldn't ask for it to end any better   smile "
"is so glad to be home, in her sweats after a long night at work "
go figure the day will be nice outside when i decide to wear sweats to school lol 
is just sitting here jamin on me guitar    wow it seems forever since i've done that   
"feels soooo much better, now that i'm actually in dry clothes  the rain this morning was insaine!!  annoyed "
nothing like trying to get through the day with only 3 hours (probably even less) amount of sleep from the night before  -_-
anybody know how much a battery cost for an ipod nano? and where i can get one?
this will be my last week that i'll be 20!!!!! this is so exciting!!!  joyful 
just heard <propfirst> swift's new song speak now and i love it!!! i know what cd i'm gonna get next lol 
6 more days!!
is in an amazingly good mood today      maybe it's because it's a friday   smile 
offically has everything she needs for her costume    now we just need to get to sunday night so she can actually put it on and use it     i'm so excited!!!  joyful 
like my status and i'll tell you which song you remind me of  smile 
only 5 more days left      ugh! let's go ahead and skip to thursday already!
got her cartilage pierced today!!!!!!  laugh  4 days left!
saw a house that lit up christmas lights already on her way home from work tonight    it's like really? already? it's halloween for crying out loud!!! o o
"you know you like my halloween costume     smile  oh, and 3 days left!!"
loves her new <propfirst> swift: speak now cd    that's all i've been listening to like all weekend     if only she would come here so i can see her    that would be amazing!
feels lazy
why does it have to be so cold outside? i hate the cold!  annoyed 
less than 48 hours left!!!
why am i still cold? i'm inside the house now    i shouldn't feel this cold like as if i'm outside!
"\want you to make me feel like i’m the only girl in the world  like i’m the only one that you’ll ever love  like i’m the only one who knows your heart \"" -- rihanna"""
less than 24 hours left     ugh! let's hurry up and get to tomorrow already!
should i go to the dmv and get my license changed now? or should i wait till tomorrow and do it then?
i'll be 21 in a little less than 4 hours!!!  joyful 
i'm finally 21!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  joyful 
i'm going to the dmv to change my licence    im so excited!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! my 21st birthday was amazing!! thank you all for making it so special  i miss and love you all!
is looking foward to a girls night out with <propfemale> <propmale> and ratchadaporn ?????? kokphae tonight!!! can i get a woot woot?!  laugh 
had a great time at her girls night out with <propfemale> <propmale> and ratchadaporn ?????? kokphae     if only the mall would stay opened later it would be twice as much fun      but oh well just dance saved the night! it was so much fun!  laugh 
"hey guys, don't forget to set your clocks an hour behind tonight  we gain an hour of sleep    yay!"
"\who are you to tell me that i'm less than what i should be? who are you? i don't need to listen to the list of things i should do  i won't try  no  i won't try  you don't define me \"""""
"plans for the rest of the day: clean my room, do laundry, practice the messiah since i missed practice last night, do my algebra, humanties homework, study for my history and sociology test that next week, and work      fun stuff "
is so glad to finally be home after a long days of work      and to realize i can sleep in a bit longer tomorrow morning     yay!
is looking up classes to take for spring semester
"wishes the weather would make up it's mind  at one point, it'll be freezing cold    another point, it'll be warm like 70' warm  and then a little later it'll be freezing cold again  -sighs- i guess that's just <propfemale> weather i guess "
so       just about everyone but college students gets tomorrow off for vetrans day      that sucks  -_-
my new license finally came today!!  laugh 
so there's only about 2 weeks left till i get to see my best friend <propfemale> purgason and till i get to see my brother <propfirst> rhoads and my sister-in-law <propfemale> rhoads     guess who's one's excited and happy camper!!!!  joyful 
does not like taking cold showers      -_-
wants thanksgiving break to get here
r i p aunt <propfemale>      we miss you 
"so i went out shopping with my mom and sisters today when in just about all the stores we went to has already started playing christmas music  god, i really hope that they haven't started that yet where i work "
"i know that it's just started    but, i still just want this week to be over and done with    so that way thanksgiving break can come sooner!!  laugh "
loves naps     smile 
"is so hungry       time for a midnight snack? i think so!  playful  (and yes, i know it's not midnight yet     but it's close enough!)"
awesome stuff     so my history test today became a take home test  yay!  smile 
"\and i don't know how it gets better than this; you take my hand and drag me head first  fearless  and i don't know why but with you i'd dance  in a storm in my best dress  fearless \"""""
"okay, so this is the second day in a row that i've had this headache     why won't it go away?"
"okay, so for the rest of the day plans are: finish my sociology class (he let us take a 10 minute break  joyful ), go to my humanities class, go home, start on my algebra homework for tomorrow, go to work, go back home, have dinner with family, do my take home test for history, practice on the messiah and christmas cantata for choir, and then sleep "
nothing like doing a history test in your pajamas and listening to your favorite music 
i thought you were supposed to turn off your car while pumping gas into it   
"finally saw <propfirst> <propmale>'s \this is it\"" """
"yup, that's right     we're watching a christmas movie before thanksgiving  get over it! lol  playful "
is starting to feel that hyper rush after that peppermint mocha     look out! lol
want to sleep         no more work please              -_-
"okay     senior choir practice     check  worked 11-3 today, check  about to go clean the bathroom for mom    have dinner     then the messiah practice for tonight 6-8, and finally do my humanties paper that's due tomorrow "
omg!! next week's thanksgiving break! next week's thanksgiving break!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!  joyful 
"is now tired, but happy after a successful messiah rehearsal tonight   smile "
yay thanksgiving break's finally here!!!! lol  laugh 
is so cold     why am i also so cold? i hate being cold 
yay      i'm home 
"so i got to <propfemale> out with my best friend yesterday     i get to <propfemale> out with a whole lot of other awesome friends from highschool tonight, and then i get to see my brother tomorrow!! yup, i'll have to say that this thanksgiving break's pretty dag on amazing   laugh "
did you know that gaga in tagalic means stupid?
is finally at her brother's house!!!!!  joyful 
"is thankful for all of her family and friends   smile  happy thanksgiving, everyone! i love you all!!  love "
sally: \what's the matter," big brother?\"" \"5cb1b96242 laugh 1996d36c498adc62ab8a,is so glad and thankful that i don't have to work tomorrow   smile 
is having a great time here in north <propfemale> with her brother!  joyful 
there's nothing like home sweet home
"\it's the most wonderful time of the year \"""""
i just heard the tj maxx commerical on the radio     and it's like really? we need better commericals for our store 
so     i just noticed that most of my finals are on the same day         great  -_-
you know you've arrived at school early when there's only about 4 other people in the parking lot 
so winter break needs to come     like now 
mr  <propmale>     why did you make that 9 surprise 0 closing statement when you knew that we were gonna close at 10 tonight? that's just torture  -_-
so it's almost midnight      i can't sleep      and i got my 7 smile 0 class tomorrow morning in fredericksburg                great  -_-
"so     it's december 1st, and it's about 63' outside  wow     "
"i love it how as i drove home from school tonight, that i saw a lot of people already have their christmas lights up for the season     god i love christmas!  laugh "
yay! my history class was cancled!  joyful 
<propfemale>
my room is clean!!! *gasps* o o
supporting a cause  change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do it as well  until monday there should be no human faces on facebook but and invasion of memories  this is to condemn violence against children 
is finally gonna watch <propmale> potter 7 part 1 today with <propfemale> <propmale> and ratchadaporn ?????? kokphae today!  joyful 
omg! it was snow fluring earlier and i didn't miss it this time!!! lol  laugh 
so        i gotta solo for our christmas cantata at church this morning!
it's been exactly one day and a month since i've turned 21 and i finally bought my first bottle of wine       even though it wasn't for me lol  still felt good thou!  smile 
"if you all get bored during your winter break, especially on december 21st, you should definitly come to spotsylavnia mall at about 7 smile 0!!! there's gonna be an awesome surprise that you all have to see!!! and i'm 97% sure it's gonna make it into the pappers too        smile "
"for those of you who have all of your finals in one week     i envy you  my first final is next week, then my last 3 is all on the same day that's not until december 16th  -_-"
"yay! my class ended early! so now, i am home with a personal heater at my feet and sipping my hot chocolate   smile "
wants to move to someplace warm    like florida    or california    or hawaii! i hate the cold! -_-
is starting to get sick    and i don't like it 
wants summer to come back 
can't wait for all of her friends to come home for christmas!!  laugh 
"eh   what the heck i'm bored people, so send me in your <propfirst>, please   smile "
"#194333 i'm so glad that i have met you in our english class! you have a bright a warming smile that i love to see just about every time i see you in our school hallways  but, it's been so long since i've seen you! we definitly have to <propfemale> out again very soon! i miss you!  smile "
"#315 hm    where to begin? i've practically known you my whole life! we've had sooooo many good times together  i'm so glad he met you at school and took you home to <propfemale> out with, which is when i had met you when you were in like 2nd grade?  so    you need to get back down here to va so we can <propfemale> out somemore  it's been way too long since i've seen you!"
is watching <propfemale> with my little sister! god i love this movie       smile 
eek! i just realized that i have to perform my solo for our church cristmas cantata tomorrow night!!!! wish me luck!
"we got all of our lights up outside, and <propfemale>'s putting the decorations out in the house     all we need now is the tree       did i mention this is my favorite time of the year?"
"performance went well tonight! including my solo    i actually did better than i thought lol  okay, one down, two more to go for this weekend   smile "
"has ke$sha's \we r who we r\"" stuck in my head     its been stuck in my head for 2 days now!!!"""
off to choir practice    again haha   smile 
"|do you ever feel, like a plastic bag? drifting through the wind, wanting to start again? do you ever feel, feel so paper thin? like a house of cards, one blow from caving in?|you gotta ignite the light, and let it shine  just own the night, like the fourth of july!| -- <propfemale> <propfirst>"
"feels like crap, and does not want to go to work today"
loves it how no one know's that we're opened till 11 now 
"2 finals done, 2 more to go "
holy crap i'll be 22 next year!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate working night shifts       -_- i want our regular hours back 
yay! i found my nutcracker cd!!!!! i'm happy now    my christmas playlist on my ipod is now complete   smile 
doesnt want to go back to work today    nope you cant make me!  annoyed 
is so glad and thankful that i don't have to close at work till next week     thank the lord!! haha  smile 
"yay! we just got done shoveling our driveway, and my mom's almost done putting up the tree    yup christmas is almost here!  smile "
"i know my sisters don't have a facebook yet     but happy birthday, <propfemale> and <propfirst>! i love you both so much!  smile   love "
wow    there's only 8 days left till christmas?! where does the time fly off to?
my christmas shopping's finally all done!!!! finally  lol  joyful 
just a friendly reminder: my messiah concert is tomorrow at coloniel forge high school that's at 3 surprise 0  i hope you guys can come! can't wait to see you there!  smile 
my messiah performance is today    in just a few hours! hopefully i'll get to see some of yall there  it be great to see you     but anyway     wish me luck!  smile 
"is gettin ready for the messiah     \let's break a leg!\"" lol"""
the messiah went really well! i had so much fun   smile  and yes     i still managed to have a voice afterwards lol   playful 
wants to go ice skating    i'm not sure when but soon  maybe sometime during winter break when everyone's here? who wants to join in?
can't wait till the holiday hours for work are over! i hate staying at work till about 11 smile 0pm especially when no one's in the store but us associates for the last 2 hours!
nothing like watching christmas movies and wrapping up my christmas presents!  smile 
work    again?! it seems like that's all i ever do! -_-
"i'm so glad tonight was my last night i do the night shift at work for the rest of this week, and all of next week     thank the lord! lol  joyful "
eek! i gotta finish wrapping my christmas presents      oh! and uh only 3 days left till christmas!!!!
"presents are all wrapped, so now we're gonna be eatting pizza and watching christmas movies!! i love this time of year    it's good to be with friends and family   smile "
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!  smile "
finally got a wii!! guess what i've been playing with all afternoon    lol  playful 
is tired     today was a good day
"we're having family come over tomorrow, including my brother and sister-in-law! i'm a happy camper   smile "
likes it when our family's here  its comfortating 
<propfirst> and <propfirst> are here! <propfirst> and <propfirst> are here! <propfirst> and <propfirst> are here! <propfirst> and <propfirst> are here!!!
does not sleep well on couches  definitly sleeping on the other one tonight  -_-
"\it's so fluffy i'm gonna die!!!\"" --despicable me"""
go figure i'd get sick at the end of this year and into the new year  that be me and my luck  -_-
"feels so much better today than a few days ago, so i got to go shopping with my sister-in-law at the mall!! it was so much fun!! i'm really glad we got to go   smile "
just being bored at home and watchin' ncis 
nothing like blasting out your music as you do chores around the house   smile 
get's to go to <propfemale> <propfirst>'s house tonight!!! and i is excited   joyful 
wants to watch <propmale> potter 7 part 1 again     who wants in?
loves the smell of fire burning in our fireplace and it's wonderful crackling sounds in the mist of winter   smile 
is finally watching inception! but is somewhat confused    a little help?
what happened to all the snow we were supposed to get?
just studying and working on my homework so i have more time to <propfemale> out with my bff tomorrow  i can't wait to see you <propfemale> purgason!!!!  joyful 
loves it when her little sister maker her chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast  i  love  her!  joyful 
"finishing doing my laundry, doing homework, making dinner, and then back to more studying  yup, the new semester has started indeed "
"nothing like eating pizza, sitting next to the fire and watching a movie to end the week   smile "
so    i'm not a scorpius anymore and i'm now a libra? what's up with that?!
"|kiss me, beneath the milky twilight  lead me, out on the <propfemale>lit floor  lift your opened hand  strike up the band and make the fireflies dance, silver <propfemale> sparkling  so kiss me |-- si playful ense none the richer (kiss me)"
"our computer is so much faster now     i love it! and yes, ratchadaporn ?????? kokphae dad did fix the computer!!!  joyful "
got to go shopping and have lunch with just her and her mom this morning!! we haven't done that in so long     and we had a great time! i  love  my mom!  smile 
"is bored    homework's all done, room is clean    and now there's nothing to do  -_-"
"for today: clean room, clean basement, make dinner, make mom's bday gift,  watch takers and blood & chocolate  yes, i'm just now seeing takers for the first time lol  it's a friday    so i'm gonna make it a movie night   playful "
"went shopping for mom this morning, and now we're helping dad whenever he wants us to as he's cooking mom's birthday dinner     e playful ect some pictures up later! (yes, my grandparents are here too   joyful )"
had a great day going to the mall and hanging out with <propfemale> <propmale>   smile  and now    i'm going to bed for my early 8 surprise 0 class in the morning  night all 
"happy birthday, grandma! i love you!  smile "
nothing like waking up to shovling the driveway     then later this afternoon we're going to celebrate grandma's birthday later tonight!  smile 
get's to be an only child for the weekend   smile 
the house is so quiet      it's a bit creepy 
why can't may just hurry up and get here already?
"|\you showed me that faith is not blind  i don't need wings to help me fly  miracles happen once in a while  when you believe \""|-- <propfemale>"""
is so bored     okay     click like if you're bored too  (i'm curious to see how many i'll get) 
so     rumor is     the groundhog didn't see his shadow  which means an early spring     here we come!!! yay!!!!  joyful 
ah    <propmale> potter     i had almost forgotten how good your movies series are   smile 
got to see <propmale> d'marc radcliffe today!!!!  joyful 
what is this i hear about <propfirst> beiber coming out in a movie that's in 3d?!?! -sighs- what is this world turning to?!? -_-
"\it's just so fluffy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"" -- despicable me"""
did you know that <propfirst> weatherly (the guy who played <propfemale> in ncis) was on the cosby show?!?!
and         due with me and my bad luck          missed the half time show   sad 
my class ring is stuck on my index finger      help!
"\you can never forget  they're just memories: nothing's wrong with memories \"""""
is tired after a busy day at work    but excited for a good choir practice this evening 
yay! after 3 days of having my class ring stuck on my finger    one of my friends from work finally got it off     thank god!!!  joyful 
what's this white stuff all over the place?
thanks to <propfirst> <propmale> i have purchased my very first laptop!!!!  joyful 
"no!!!!!!!!! <propfirst>'s is closed!??!?! now we have to go all the way out in fredericksburg to <propfirst>'s for some soft ice-cream  i loved <propfirst>'s      *sad face, and tear*  sad "
happy valentines day!!  love 
is finally home after a long day of work  and ending it with a glass of wine     i love being 21!  joyful 
"gah    i'm so bored! homework's done, bedroom's cleaned, i'm doing laundry now    seriously    what else is there to do in stafford?"
today's just one of those days when you just want to hit your head up against a wall a million times  *sighs* i need a hug  -_-
feels like shit  another sleepless night for me  oh joy  -as i roll my eyes-
so    i guess the groundhog was right this year for a change   smile  yay for nice and warm weather in february!  love 
no!! why did the gas prices go up?! it's winter shouldn't the gas prices go down before summer comes????
nothing like driving around with your windows rolled down and blasting out my <propfirst> <propmale> songs   smile  i've missed being able to do stuff like that 
"i'd have to say today's another <propfirst> <propmale> day lol  idk why, but for some reason i've been listening to his music a lot lately  even though i only know like 1 song of his by heart  haha  playful "
yay! i'm home 
"nothing like listening to the oldies from when i was a kid thanks to mom and dad    such as: <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, the beatles, the eagles and journey   smile "
"ugh, no wonder why i slept in today     it's raining "
anyone know if we can have 2 itunes accounts on 2 separate computers for 1 ipod?
"is going to the mall with <propfemale> today while mom's at costco  haha it isn't a \normal\"" saturday without going to the mall   playful """
life is good   love  i can't complain  nope  i can't complain at all   smile 
they served actual bread at church this morning for holy communion??? i can't even remember the last time they did that     lol 
ah    pride and prejudice never ceases to amaze me on their perfect <propmale> of the story   smile 
is soooooo tired     and my feet are killing me too!!! i need a foot massage      lol
thinks it's funny how i can hear mountain view high school do there afternoon announcements from her backyard   laugh 
"thank you, quantico for making my house shake and making me jump every time you do  -as i roll my eyes-"
<propfemale>
"alright, i got some money to burn on itunes    anyone know what good new songs i should get?"
doesn't feel good     stomach cramps are no fun  -_-
"ugh    <propfemale> can't sleep    and she misses her bf     she really cant wait for him to come home from his vacation so she can see him again  <propfemale> loves you, <propfirst> <propmale>! *and yes, <propfemale> know's she is talking in 3rd person lol  playful *"
it's so easy to annoy people  especially your younger siblings  it's fun   joyful 
"\some people drown their sorrows in drugs and alcohol i prefer caffeine \""-- haha u gotta love <propfemale>      from ncis  playful """
wonders if she would get away with it if she'd dress in her black sweats to work      not too sure if she should try it thou lol  playful 
tired and worn out from today  but it ended with a good choir practice and ash wednesday service  i love st  peters lutheran church   smile 
why won't this rain go away? i hate the rain   annoyed 
"i guess it's that time for spring cleaning  if anyone needs me, i'll be in my closet lol  playful "
"it's scary     you can actually find the floor in my room, and in my closet! lol now i just need to find my camera    when i find that i'll be one happy camper "
scooby doo??? where are you???
"it's so beautiful outside!!! the sun is out, the birds are chirping    it just feels looks like heaven out there   laugh "
don't forget to move your clocks foward tonight  we loose an hour of sleep  -_-
"so i walk out of the car when we went to target and 2 guys walk by, both of them staring at me calling me, \wonderwoman \"" should i take this as an insult? or a complement?"""
no more work please  just send me the paycheck  thank you  that is all 
you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter  you are the best thing that's ever been mine!
yay! i get to watch my show on tv tonight 'cause i don't have to be at work for a change!!!  laugh 
"hates it when she sees people (celebraties) she doesn't like on recomended pages that pop's up on her fb all the time  if she liked them, she would have \liked\"" them in the first place """
had a dream that she was on stage with <propfirst> swift  that was amazing!!!  laugh 
is it spring yet?
oh    and by the way     happy st  <propfemale>'s day!!!
can't wait for her first date with <propfirst> <propmale> tonight!!!  smile 
"wow there's such a beautiful <propfemale> out there tonight  if you ever get a <propmale>, you should really take a look  it's astonishing!  smile "
happy 1st day of spring!!! goodbye winter!! lol  laugh 
yes!!! i gotta 87 on my algebra 2 midterm!!!!  laugh  and now back to making dinner and then studying for my last midterm that's on wednesday   smile   smile   smile 
"soooo i got asked out to somebody's prom today  lol don't worry, <propfirst>  i said no "
"at home, cleaning and studying for my midterm tomorrow      fun stuff  -_-"
please help pray for my mommy  she isn't doing to well   sad 
i gotta 93 on my english 111 midterm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
yup my mom does have strep  please keep her in your prayers  thank you   love 
"can't believe they're calling for snow on sunday  it's march, people!!! the beautiful <propfemale> blossoms are trying to come in  no more snow, please!!!!"
according to <propfirst> crews i'm part zombie  lol x)
mom's doing much better   smile  thank you all for your prayers and concerns! love you all   love 
"<propfirst> crews, now i actually feel like a zombie  i guess you were right after all "
wonders what her co-workers would think if she went to work with her hair in two low pigtails and wore black gloves for the day   
wow    it's not everyday when you see 3 deer hop over your fence to get into your backyard   
no!!!!! <propfirst> dies in ncis!?!?!?!?! it can't be him!!!!!  annoyed 
you know you're having a bad day when you write down the wrong schedule for work   annoyed 
wishes she had a remote for her ipod stero     
loves having a day off   smile 
look out it's almost 1am and i am hyppppeeeeerrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
;ljakjdhfakjdasldkfjoijakjdfauhfujfkajd adjfakshdfakjdsf
why is it still cold outside?
is thinking about doing a monologue for our easter cantata this year      remember! key work is thinking!
hmm    chinesse food for dinner  i love it!!
"is tired as hell, and i still can't sleep  go figure  -as i roll my eyes-"
