9e9e1c35dbccfb2a2118a2cf26575ab8
thinks monday is coming too soon!  still can't find my cell phone and we had to stop way short of our destination because of blowing snow (didn't want to be just another car off the side of the road)   looking forward to seeing peace puppy tomorrow    
"it's an \all geology marathon\"" day   only 2 more evil units to go!!!  why did i think this would be easy?"""
"studied all night (only 1 evil unit to go), now off to the doctor with 2 sickies "
"is done with geology units, yeah!!!!  so, in the next 48 hours i just need to: study for the geology midterm, get my hair cut, clean the house , go to a job fair, pick my mom up at the airport, and take the geology test on friday morning  yikes!  \sure mo"""
"had my first day of \teacher training\"" today   i'm exhausted   afterward they sent me on an interview     not sure why   can anyone really picture me teaching kindergarten?"""
"is off to study for the evil geology midterm (yup, i already finished the classwork, but haven't taken the tests)!"
please send up some positive thoughts that i am going to be offered a position   the hr people at school headquarters seem to think an offer is coming my way for a school i really liked!  might not know for sure until tuesday 
is feeling stupid!  just sent a reply to a message from a new friend i'm working with   didn't realize he had posted it to the work list-serv  ugh!
starting my practice teaching in the a m   first day of summer school    5th grade reading   hmmm   wonder what we're reading 
my weekend has started!  yeah!!!
"had an awesome family day today   nothing <propmale>, but just lots of fun having all 4 of us together and no specific demands on our time "
"needs some big time positive thoughts this a m   taking my geology final, finally!  can't wait to have this over with   i hate essay tests!!!"
tgio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  thank god it's over!!!!  no more geology   here's hoping i at least got a d on it 
    thankful that this long week is over!  heading home to spend some time with my kids!!!
is working on my last 2 lesson plans for summer school   hopefully my observation tomorrow will go better than the last 2   wish the topic wasn't a snoozer!!!
nasty storm just hit   waiting to see what happens first:  losing our power or the kids waking up!!!
just got my final back on geology     i passed!!!  just 1 more assignment and i'm done with my summer teacher training 
"blueberry pancakes   yummy!  <propmale> must have thought so   he 5 for breakfast and just finished off 5 more for a \nack\""!"""
"day off, no place i have to be   so, why does it feel like i have 100 things to do and am already running behind?"
"sitting here (an hour plus later) waiting for my <propfemale> to fall asleep, and super bummed that my favorite game (bejeweled blitz) is currently offline "
"is looking forward to a short vacation in va, courtesy of a good friend "
"rough day for the hubby     first he gets his foot casted again (and told he probably won't be driving for the next 3-4 months), then he had a tooth pulled   poor guy can't catch a break!"
"is cleaning out the deep freeze   can i just say \yuck\""!"""
"just back from the water park   our little man gave us the scare of our life, running away and gone almost 15 minutes    he climbed to the top of a tower and rode down a big water slide by himself   i was not amused!"
"wonderful playdate with n's classmates this morning!  they all played so nicely, and no tears    from anyone!!!"
trying to motivate myself to clean the kitchen     
"nice day, but gosh, i wish these kids would fall asleep!!!"
should not have been up this late!!!  i start orientation at my new school in the a m 
why won't these kids sleep?????
"tomorrow is my first day as a 4th grade teacher!!!  and yup, today i'm writing lesson plans and trying to choreagraph the whole day   should be interesting            "
i survived!!!
ugh!  is it friday yet??????
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
is loving my morning with my kids!  much better than my day yesterday with my students 
had an awesome day with the fam   might even upload pics later!
"is doubtful when her almost-3 year old says \i sleeping mommy!\"""""
"is thinking \i need chocolate!!!\"""""
says    as if the day wasn't bad enough                n just stepped on my laptop and cracked the display!  should be fun finishing lesson plans tonight!  (and don't even ask about the water heater) 
"is up late doing lesson plans      again   oh well, tgif!!!"
when will lesson plans get easier????
"is totally tired!  averaging 4 hours of sleep a night, for long periods of time    probably not a great idea!"
"is borrowing this from a friend's status  natural child: any child who is not artificial  real parent: any parent who is not imaginary  your own child : any child who is not someone else's child  adopted child : a natural child, with a real parent, who is all my own "
"says \the patient is making process\"" """
is listening to my kids play nicely together with a couple of balloons   that should last about 5 minutes          
"loves \open gym\"" on saturday evenings!  the kids had a great time with a friend and then followed up with a 4 <propfirst> shake at sams club   best part    they were asleep within about 15 minutes of arriving home   woohoo!"""
how can my baby be 3 already!?!?!?!  i'm planning on enjoying these few weeks while we have 2 two-year-olds 
is exhausted!  tomorrow is my first field trip (with my class)   should be     interesting 
thinks today was the first day that i wondered whether it is all worth it 
my little man turned 4 today   how the heck did that happen sooooo fast?!?!?!?!
"sounds like it is going to be a l-o-n-g night   just starting my lesson planning, n is has a hacking cough, t has a big event tomorrow   ugh!!!"
"it only took 4 years, but my little boy now falls asleep on his own!!!  but, sheesh, will that little <propfemale> drives me crazy with her talking at bedtime "
"is looking forward to celebrating \almost thanksgiving\"" tonight with my bro and his family!"""
is giving thanks today for my wonderful children and their fabulous father!
is sick and tired    literally   wishing i could just go to bed!!!
is enjoying a <propfemale> morning at home with the family and trying to motivate myself to get us ready to go see <propfemale> this afternoon 
says pics with <propfemale> will have to wait till next week 
"is trying to function on less than 2 hours of sleep, and still has lots to get done tonight   ugh!"
is looking forward to the end of this evil week!
"wonders what you would do if your 4 year old \found\"" his christmas presents         """
"is pondering the fact that 4 years ago, i was preparing to get on a plane to guatemala for the first time    knowing that i had no idea when i would be returning   i was incredibly excited, anxious, nervous, and overwhelmed with the thought that i would soon be holding my son for the first time   i am sooo blessed to be his mother   honestly, i still have days when i'd like to run away and go back to antigua!"
hmmmm     only 2 hours of teaching tomorrow   too bad it won't be that way all next week!
"is exhausted from shoveling, shoveling, shoveling "
"should not have looked at the county website   according to the county, we can e playful ect to have our street \passable\"" 3-4 days after the end of a snowstorm with 14 or more inches!  yikes!!!"""
soooo    excited that school is closed tomorrow!!!  maybe i can pretend it is saturday and get all of the things done i was supposed to do then     if our street gets plowed 
enjoying another snow day!  i soooo don't want to go to school tomorrow   this has been the best long weekend ever!!!
"is feeling so mauch calmer about life   amazing what 3 snow days, right before christmas, can do for you!!"
"today's agenda:  washing and packing, putting up the stockings, working my other job and lunch with my wonderful husband   ahhh    another snow day   what a beautiful thing!"
"getting ready to head out to kohls          hopefully, the last showing adventure for the season!"
is hoping that the little ones don't think they are getting up before 6 or 7!  hoping that the gate at their doorway might be a clue that they shouldn't go wandering tonight 
"is wondering why i thought a 1000 piece lego set would be perfect for my son?!?!?!?!  well, he seems to think it is wonderful!  <propfemale> christmas from our home to yours!"
had an awesome parking spot for the early fireworks   watching the kids faces light up and cheer as their favorite colors e playful loded in the sky really made for a wonderful ending to 2010 
note to the teenagers across the street who are still blowing off fireworks:  wake my kids up and they are heading over to your house!!!  happy new year everyone!
"home, sweet home!  not looking forward to tomorrow, but pretty excited to realize only 10 more work days till we get a day off   yeah!"
"is loving her 4 y o 's logic    if he doesn't go to bed tonight, then tomorrow can't come and mom won't have to go to work   wish it was that easy!!!"
wishes lesson plans would write themselves!!!
"is playing accountant today    hopefully, i can get everything done for the business, so we can get biz and personal taxes done very soon   financial aid apps come due quickly      "
"    another sickie in the house, and the <propfemale> probably isn't far behind   ugh!"
"another one bites the dust!  it's official, i'm the only one in the house who isn't sick    yet "
"mommies don't get sick, mommies don't get sick, mommies don't get sick    right?"
is thinking there must be easier ways to lose weight!  mommies do get sick        
"is trying to get her act together for another week of school   thankfully, only 4 days this week "
is thankful for good friends!
and cia received a really cool invitation     now to see if we can figure out how to do it!!!
"how many more days till summer vacation?  i'm thinking a book, a beach and a \beverage\"" sounds pretty good to me today """
is not impressed with the new bejeweledblitz   bring back one that works please!
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
"is enjoying seeing the snow fall   we're only e playful ecting 1-3 inches, so no worries here "
should be entering grades    but it is so much more fun to play dinosaurs!
the driveway never looks as long as it does as when you are standing at one end with a snow shovel!!!
": paying bills, grading, and writing lesson plans   hmmm    for fun i think i'll throw in some more snow shoveling  smile "
"ok, i got my remote access working finally   but, i can't find sms to do report cards   any bcpss employs out there that can help me????"
hmmm    some districts have already posted 2 hour delayed openings for tomorrow   wonder if we will get to sleep in a little?
hmmmm     couldn't that snow start just a little bit earlier?!?!?!
"is praying we don't lose power!!!  so far, not looking good   we've already had the lights flicker 3 times   according to the county, they don't have to plow our street until 4 days after the snow stops   pretty sure in this weather we won't be the electric company's highest priority either!!!!"
is thankful for a good excuse to enjoy my family and not get much else done today!  we have about 2 feet of snow on the ground and it is still coming down   still have power   definitely won't be going anywhere for a few days   life is good!
hmmm    some of the school districts have already closed for tomorrow   what do you think the chances are that the city will announce before tomorrow morning?
is hoping that a  plow might come thru today     so we can bring in more supplies for tomorrow's snowstorm!
says god bless the neighbor (from 4 blocks away) for coming and plowing our dead end street   county said they wouldn't be here until wednesday 
"not sure exactly why fb this this new format is \simple\""      """
is apparently off work until next tuesday!!!
"really doesn't want to go back out and play in the snow!  anyone want to come make snow angels with my kids????  building an igloo would be ok, too "
is definitely getting cabin fever!  the excitement of my day is going to be heading to the office to work on an av quote and taxes     
yup!  definitely chicken pox     twice as many today   was it bad that we went out to a restaurant for lunch?
"oh yah     2 for 2 with the pox   thinking that maybe the little playmate who had a \strange virus\"" a couple of weeks ago where the \""only symptom was a rash\"" had 2 moms who didn't recognize chicken pox!"""
can't sleep   can't get out of my head all of the strategies i wish my students had used on yesterdays tests!
loves it when my munchkins fall asleep quickly at night!
"please, please, please   no more snow!   my students need to be in school!"
is sure hoping that this coming week is much more productive than the last one!!!
"is praying that my students have the ability today to really take their time, read slowly and answer all of the questions correctly on their msa tests "
hates rainy days!!!
is off to d c  with my tots to visit a friend visiting from chicago and the national musuem of the american indian 
actually had a pretty good day at school    even with some extra students   here's hoping they all arrive in the morning ready to make us all look good!
"is listening to this conversation between my kids, as i sit waiting for them to fall asleep (which should have been an hour ago) mom:  go to sleep c   c:  i don't love my mommy   i only love my daddy   n:  what about big bwudder?  c:  i love my daddy and my big bwudder, not my mommy    n:  mommy, just ignore c "
"i believe that access to affordable healthcare should be a basic right in our nation   i believe that our healthcare system has been broken for a long time   i believe that too many americans don't realize that they are already paying huge costs, in many ways, for those who don't have insurance and access to care "
is thinking it might be nice to spend a few weeks in chicago this summer!
is soooo tired that i think i could sleep for a week!
is liking this inflight wi-fi concept!!!
"is having fun in atlanta   some work, some play   learned a bunch of new wow science e playful eriments "
is wishing friends and family a happy easter   the <propfemale> was pretty darn good to the kids 
"is not excited about being back in school   oh well, looks like it might be a nice day for recess  smile "
    not enough hours in the day (or night)  yikes!
"was reminded tonight that 4 years ago at this time n and i were waiting for the last minute details to wrap up so that we could come \home\"" from guatemala   3 years ago we were \""waiting for pink\"" to bring c home   why do these memories still make me tear up?  i've got guatemala in my heart & head tonight!"""
"thinks that 5:15 is entirely too  early for children to be up on a saturday morning when we have no plans!  good news: they stayed in their room and played flashlight tag   bad news: my <propfemale> has no problem solving skills and screams \mommy\"" every time her brother does something she doesn't like """
off to meet the michaud's   smile 
is bummed my little man is sick again  allergies have turned to sinus infection and conjunctivitis   102 fever tonight   he'll be missing another day or 2 of school this week   
"is remembering 3 years ago today, a very *interesting* adventure  we brought c home from guatemala and almost missed our connecting flight, had airport security people that were less than helpful to the family traveling with a 7 mos old and an 18 mos old, barely got to our seats,  and then had a baby barf on the tie of the gentleman who thought he had \lucked out\"" and gotten an aisle seat on full plane """
"has spent the day on the couch (and in the bathroom)   trying to be the best mom i can, given that i'm sick and home alone with the kids "
"got up early, feeling rotten, but convinced myself to try to make it through the day   drove all the way to school (45 minutes) and after about 30 minutes of working to get ready for the day realized there was no way i'd be able to survive   but, i did get to remember why i like my doc so much   she's great!"
is so excited to be heading off to the guapo picnic today!  nothing quite like the feeling you get when you are among lots of beautiful children and families that look like ours 
"is planning on enjoying my day, wishing i could be spending it in chicago with my mom, and sending up prayers and positive thoughts for two very special women "
"had an awesome e playful erience this afternoon   stopped at our neighborhood park for the kids to play   met a large group of young soccer players and their families   was \gifted\"" with enough salvadorean grilled meats and sides to take home for tonight's dinner!  i only wish that this group was based closer to where we live   they were all so nice!  and the food   incredible!!!!"""
"usually hates it when someone thinks i am the \gramma\""   but tonight the kids are pretending they are mommy and daddy to their animals      and i'm smiling!"""
hates it when the kids are in bed before i get home!
is remembering why i keep putting off washing the princesa's car seat   yuck!!!  i need to get the power washer out to spray out the crevices 
"is worried about <propfemale> peace puppy   <propmale> has her at the er   we're hoping it is *only* a torn off toe nail, but worried her cancer could be back "
is looking forward to the next couple of weeks flying by very quickly!!!
"says everyone at our house is excited that daddy will finally be home tonight!   looking forward to escaping for some \me time\"" tomorrow     """
"had the most awesome day just being a mom!  preschool end-of-year picnic was tons of fun and then my little man joined me in running errands   so normal, and yet it feels like forever since i've been able to really enjoy such a simple pleasure   is it summer break yet?!?!?!?"
boys trip - day 3 and they have safely arrived in iowa   sounds like they are having a good time at the party     wish cia (who has now been sleeping for 2 hours and will probably be up all night) and i could have been there!
"highs and lows shouldn't come all at the same time   happy that i survived my 1st year (yeah!) teaching, but my heart is breaking for my beloved peace puppy    3+ hours at the vet tonight and the prognosis isn't looking good "
"crazy, crazy     fun to see some teacher friends i haven't seen in a while today   <propmale>'s on his way back to <propfemale>   n is at gramma's in chicago (with no mommy or daddy there)   still not sure what the plan will be for peace, but in the interim, we will try to keep her as pain-free as possible   c and i leave in 2 days  yikes!"
arghh!!!  almost 9 smile 0 and this kid is still awake   go to sleep c!
ooops!  what was i thinking when i scheduled a flight for me and c that means we have to leave here at 6 am???? hope the kid and the dog both cooperate!
"is hanging at my mom's house with the kids    looks like a rainy day, but we will find a way to e playful lore chicago anyhow "
"enjoying \sweet home chicago\""     but we probably could have done without that nasty storm!"""
"enjoyed 2 movies today!!!  toy story 3 with the fam and letters to <propfemale> with my mom   loved both, but fear that was my movie quota for the year   hope those of you heading out to eclipse have fun tonight!"
lions and tigers and bears    oh my!  had a great day at the zoo with family and some good friends   hopefully i'll receive some emails with good pics!
is having an awesome time visiting family in detroit!  fantastic fireworks last night and today our kiddos turned into fish!  i think we can *almost* say that n is really swimming!!!
home sweet home!!!  n is sleeping in his own bed for the 1st time in almost a month   tomorrow we will pick up the dog and the whole family will be back together   yeah!!!
is dreading bedtime   hoping it takes less time than i e playful ect 
"c (looking at my tshirt): mami,  why micky, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, dasy and goofy at the beach but there is no sand or water?\me: because it is a tshirt\c:  no, i know   it is because you are dirt \(sure hope she meant because the shirt is grey!)"
"went to the national museum of natural history today and got \sat on\"" """
"'s conversation tonight with n   \n:  you's a good mama \me: really?  i'm not so sure   i don't seem to be helping you to meet your goal of getting buzz lightyear   (we have a little incentive project going )\n:  awwww, mama   you don't worry   it's not your fault   it's just something i have to do myself "
just checked my praxis test scores     yeah!!!!!  almost done jumping through hoops for my certification!
"n: mami, i'm tired of riding in the car so much \me:  me too <propmale>, me too!\arrived safely in <propmale> head    looking forward to sitting at the pool and hanging out!"
"is baking a lemonade cake with her son   he doesn't want to go to the beach or have fun without daddy (who flew home for a meeting   back tonight)   thank goodness for great friends, who took little sister to the pool!"
had an awesome & full day at the pool     but i miss being able to sit there and just read   the kids have me exhausted    hopefully they are just as tired and will fall asleep quickly so that the adults can go out to dinner 
"enjoyed our last evening in <propmale> head   great food, great friends and children who behaved during a meal in a restaurant    what more could i ask for!  smile "
"is home   we had a great time, but omg    did it have to be so hot today?  107 at one of our gas stops   and, not only does travelling with kids seem to double the time, but i had to keep wondering who all the crazy people were that seemed to want to cause accidents on i-95!  so glad to be home for the rest of the summer!!!"
thinks it might be time to start working on all of the things that i told myself i would do to be better prepared for the new school year              
"thinks 27 is way too young for someone to die   as i always tell my students, 2 wrongs don't make a right   praying for coach, his family, and the kids     "
"r i p  coach   you might have thought of yourself as a tiger, but i'll always remember you as a big 'ole <propmale> bear "
"loves to hear n say to c: \you the best little sister in the whole world!\"""""
bought new backpacks and lunchkits for the kids today for the new school year   definitely need to take a pic of c     her backpack looks like it is as big as she is!!!
"has a son that is obsessed with death!  we've had tears multiple times tonight about his dog, mo, that went to heaven (when he was 11mos old) and tears about the fact that some day daddy will die and go to heaven, and peace is going to die and go to heaven, some day everyone will die              wishing i could change this topic of conversation!"
"is not happy to see summer slowly coming to an end, but is getting a bit excited about planning for fall "
"is off to southern <propfemale> with the kids for a chalk-a-thon and visit to a light house!  hopefully we will get some good pics of the kids, although c dressed herself today, so she's looking a <propmale> *special* "
"had an awesome day with the family!  picnicked in the <propmale>, hunted for <propfemale> houses, <propfirst> on the sidewalk with chalk, climbed to the top of a lighthouse, and counted jellyfish   can't think of a better way to spend a <propfemale> day!!!  tomorrow we are off to port discovery and will probably take the water taxi to fells point "
"is enjoying what is probably the last \jammie day\"" of the summer   our schedule is getting totally crazy from now till labor day!"""
"rain rain go away, you just screwed up a pool day!!!"
"ok      went to register for pd, and the system says i'm not listed as an employee    what????   here's hoping that the whole darn thing is down, and it isn't just me!"
yikes!  just pulled a tick off my leg  sometimes i really hate living in the <propmale>!!!
"is off to get my hair chopped (again) and then off to work on my classroom   bye, bye summer  sad "
had an awesome lunch at [pollo] campero's today!  then went to a guatemalan bakery and bought up some fresh sweet breads    yummy!!!
"is off to put together another graco nautilus    the britax marathon in our sitter's car might technically go up to 65 lbs, but at only 46 lbs, n is tooooo tall for it "
"is thinking that our sitter might be taking her revenge on us, for getting home late, by allowing c to sleep late in the afternoon   put her in bed an hour ago and she is still not asleep!!!"
"is thinking of signing my class up for a postcard exchange   anyone ever do that?  suggestions?  wondering if my facebook friends might consider sending postcards to my class from your area school, too?"
had a fun evening playdate with c's new classmates   love the diversity of the families    really great!!!
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice    wink "
"ready or not     \it's showtime!!!\"""""
wonders why it is that my son always wants to play with the kids who have problems behaving              
"is a lame mom   i apparently don't know the routines   arrived at school a little too early (hey, it's better than late)   let's hope i don't mess up on \carline\"" this afternoon   praying our sitter is feeling all better tomorrow!"""
"loves family day!  off to the library, dog wash, car wash and then to the park      "
"had a wonderful day!  quiet waters park is celebrating its 20th bday, and the celebration all sorts of family fun   including a \touch a truck\"" event   i'm hoping the pics of c's first sack race turned out   sack was bigger than her!"""
"hates the movie \stuart little\"" """
needs another day on this long weekend to accomplish all of our goals!
is writing lesson plans                             
had a great day with my princess     but not really enjoying cleaning up after the puking pooch tonight 
is thinking that bed before midnight sounds like a really good idea tonight!
is trying to crank on lesson plans so i can go chow down on steamed crabs tonight!
"wondering if any of my bcpss friends have access to datalink from home yet   i can never tell if my inability to access things is \normal\"" or if it is just because i am so special    playful """
thinks this is too good to be true - both kids asleep by 7 smile 0 tonight!!!
"if any of my lb friends subscribe to the baltimore sun, could you start collecting a few copies for me for our upcoming lessons on newspapers  i'm thinking my students will proably relate to that better than the washington post   i am planning on bringing in my annapolis crapitol's for some proof reading exercises "
thinks it must be a good dream that peace is having  her tail is even wagging!!
"count every ' f ' in the following text: \finished files are the re\sult of years of scientific \study combined with\the e playful erience of years"
anyone up for hh on friday?
"1 ear infection + 1 sinus infection = 2 urgent care copays and 2 prescriptions   not a lot of hope for tonight, but hopefully kids will be sleeping better soon!"
is soooo excited to have a new nephew!
just said good night to her 3 year old for the last time   tomorrow my baby turns 4!  how the heck did time fly so fast?!?!?!?!?!
now has two 4-year olds!!!
"enjoyed celebrating c's bday by hanging out at six flags   totally exhaused, but worth the beautiful smiles on her face!  sadly, the camera batteries died early in the day       "
"is so tired i can't function   as soon as my younger 4 y o  goes to sleep, i think i'll be heading that way too     "
almost noon and no one here is dressed and no one has really accomplished anything yet today   gotta love jammy days!
"is trying to finish lesson plans, but is extremely distracted by the incredible smell of dinner   here's hoping our crockpot dinner tastes as good as it smells!!!"
"has a little boy who is still sick!  12 days and 2 antibiotics (and about 4 other meds) later, he still has a horrible hacking cough, black circles under his eyes, huge tonsils and a fever   looks like he'll be missing a 6th day of school!"
"big brother went to school today for the first time in almost 2 weeks   but, little sister's fever is 103 tonight    guessing she won't be going to school in the a m !"
is tired of having sick kids!!!  tonight's trip to urgent care    pinkeye for c   should we take bets on who in the family gets it next?
holy s#@t   not sure what just e playful loded outside   somehow after the flashing was done we still have power  going to check for a fire in the <propmale>!
is wondering what is up with traffic tonight?  took me an extra 45 minutes to get home   missed most of <propfemale> tales with friends at n and c's school  sad 
is down for the count today     trying to figure out how to get thru this illness by monday when the rest of the fam has taken weeks to feel better   benchmarks and my formal observation this week     sick is not in my lesson plan!!!
"is already tired of this coughing, sore throat, etc   thinking a visit to the doc might be a good idea    guessing it came with an ear infection, too   no wonder the whole family has been so miserable for the last couple of weeks   this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"adopting one child won't change the world, but it will change the world for that one child   november is national adoption awareness month   for me, this month is a time to remember that there are so many children in the world in need of families   and so many parents (biological, adoptive and pap) who struggle to make the \right\"" choices for their children and their families """
5 years ago today an incredible baby boy was born   i am so blessed to be his mom! happy birthday n!!!
is soooooooo tired of being sick!  this thing just keeps kicking me down   my eyes are so sensitive i need sunglasses in the house   my poor babies obviously didn't have the vocabulary to tell me how horrible they felt 
just wants to be able to fall asleep without choking coughing gagging   i'm tired of being sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has been home all week and accomplished nothing   i hate this feeling!
"is so incredibly exhausted   so happy to have today over, but already needing to revise plans for the week   i think it is going to be a long one!"
"heading to bed and planning on getting up real early   can't keep my eyes open   this \thing\"" is still wiping me out!!!!!!!!!"""
"is looking forward to having only half a class of 5th graders tomorrow!  (should i really be saying that already, after only 3 days?!?!?!)"
ugh!!! 5th doctor's visit for c in less than a month    and she hasn't even done her 4 y o  well child yet   another ear infection and conjunctivitis   this is getting sooooo old!
wants to know if anyone is up for hh on friday at ashleys?  i could use something fun to look forward to                      
so exhausted i can't even function   so tired of being sick! heading to bed to get up really early and get done some of the many things i need to do 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired!!!  why the heck am i still wheezing?????????
"is exhausted, just a few more things to do to prepare for my observation   hoping to get my beauty rest tonight!"
"is wondering if there is some kind of stomach flu going around school? not sure why   could just be the 90 temps in the classroom, or the *fun* (choke, choke) 5th graders, but i have been feeling sick to my stomach all day   looking forward to a few days of sleep!"
is heading off to bed   can't function anymore today   hoping for a better day tomorrow 
"is thankful that i finally got to meet my newest great-nephew today   <propmale> is adorable, and really cuddly!"
"is trying to practice <propfemale>   two little ones need a nap    mommy, too!"
is feeling her stress level rise already    trying to do some lesson planning for my 5th graders for next week 
yet another ear infection for c     we'll be off to the ent for tubes as soon as we can get an appointment!
hates that loyola university of chicago always seems to call when i am trying to get the kids to bed   that does not bode well for their fundraising    at least from me!
"lb friends     anyone happen to have a surplus of corks floating around your home?  trying to plan some \magic\"" for the 5th graders       (hoping they can handle a plastic cup and water )"""
is thinking of my sister today   hoping she'll come to visit over the holidays!
is it dec 24th yet?
is hoping to survive her day with a little sanity!
is sooooo tired of sick kids!   hoping they are healthy enough to go to the ent tomorrow!
5 years ago today i held my baby boy for the first time   hard to believe that the little man who was less than 12 lbs then is now 45 lbs and more than 4 feet tall!!!  time flies way to fast!
didn't quite have the day we e playful ected     doesn't look like tomorrow will go as planned either 
"thank you, thank you, thank you for all the birthday wishes!  we had a lovely, quiet family day   hoping tomorrow will bring more healing for my hubby and that the kids aren't really getting sick    again "
is heading to bed before 10    guess that means i need to be up before 5      
"well   the children are nestled in their beds, but it doesn't sound like the sugarplums are dancing yet        "
"just enjoyed awesome guatemalan-style tamales   yum, yum, yum!!!"
is thrilled that the kids slept till almost 8     definitely a first   too bad the dog was up at 4 and 7 
not looking like a <propmale> snowstorm here    we have a dusting and nothing coming down  sad 
"is working my second job (1st time in months) and found that elves have come and cleaned my office and done some of the work   only a few corrections needed, so hopefully i can close up the year in 2 days "
is remembering why i don't work as an accountant full time     boring!!!
ugh!  more antibiotics at our house   time for another round of tubes for c   n will probably be having tonsils and adenoids removed      never a dull day!
"is playing accountant once again   hoping to be done for the year today, so tomorrow can be tamale day!"
"has been trying to figure out how to fit everything into my science classes before msa    but, since that's not working so great, i think i'll go <propfemale> out with the kids and catch the \early-bird fireworks\""!"""
wonders if it is wrong to hope for a bit more snow than projected    would love a late start!!!
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, being a pain, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off even if they have been months apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are ?"
"taught my students today why it is so important to listen for the temperature during weather reports      32 or lower, please "
"would really prefer a \white wednesday\"" to a \""green wednesday\"" tomorrow     """
yeah for 2 hour delay!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"lb friends     anyone have a \hot plate\"" i could borrow for a demonstration on tuesday????"""
\i have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin," but by the content of their character \"" \"9e9e1c35dbccfb2a2118a2cf26575ab8,the freezing rain has started in annapolis     wondering what the morning will bring 
loves that my <propmale> and <propmale>ss slept till 7:45    that's a miracle!
"just helped the <propfemale> make 2 necklaces (i tie the ends, she strings the beads)   should i be jealous that she made the second one for our sitter???"
needs  a certain 4 y o  to go to sleep so that i can have a date with the nebulizer   praying that i am not going to be sick again like i was in november!
was hoping for a 2 hour delay    sad 
i don't have time to be sick    this cough needs to go away!!!!!!!
is trying to finish getting all the grades online  hoping it doesn't take all night 
"headed to bed   no students tomorrow, so i set my alarm for an extra 45 <propfemale> of sleep "
"has 2 kids with angry looking tonsils    yikes, they better not cancel surgery on friday!!!  gotta get the antbiotics started asap!"
"please, please, please let it be a snow day   been up all night with 2 sick kids      "
"thinks this is looking like it could be shaping up into an interesting week   2 pd days, possibly 2 snow days and 1 vacation day   hmmm     "
accomplished nothing so far today     but did get a nap   that was a wonderful treat!!!  here's hoping for another nap tomorrow 
snow day 2!!!
thinks our plan for both kids to have surgery on the same day is going to flop   i'm betting n is too sick and they will cancel him tomorrow   damn tonsils and adenoids!!!  going ahead with c    
"is thinking about dinner     sesame <propfemale> salmon, brocolli, noodles, and fruit   some of the kids favorites!"
come on bcpss   everyone else is closed or 2 hours late    what 'cha gonna do?
"well   to our surprise, they went ahead with surgery  n has 2 fewer tonsils and is home resting uncomfortably (as e playful ected)   c should be home with daddy soon   "
"so lb friends      do you suppose that we  will have pd tomorrow, or not?"
let's just say that some children come out of anesthesia better than others       
heading to bed to get a few minutes before kids are up         
is not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow   kids still aren't doing great   fevers and coughing all around 
"c:  mama, n hurt my feelings   \n:  mama, c is whiny "
come on bcpss     2 hour delay please!
has 2 wonderful kids that both went to sleep in less than 10 minutes last night and both woke up this morning very happy   what a wonderful thing!!!
"is trying to decide whether to work on lesson plans, taxes or financial aid forms   totally exhausted and the sore throat isn't getting better   maybe i'll just go to bed early!"
has a totally fried brain after spending almost 8 hours in a science pd   i feel like i sat thru an 8 hr graduate seminar!
"is exhausted   off to bed now, then up super early!"
"enjoyed a fun evening out with my family   weather was bee-ooo-tiful! good dinner, new shoes for everyone (except dad), and then <propfemale> gazing   is it really february????"
"another beautiful day    60 degrees here in annapolis     but omg, this wind is unreal!!!"
big excitement for the day was that my little man wrote his whole name for the first time!!!!!  amazing what he has been able to accomplish with a few visits to the ot!
thinks it is going to be a long night   the <propfemale> has been sleeping for 2 5 hours and it is only 1 hour till her normal bedtime   guessing she will be up half the night!
"learned last week that if you have 23 or more people in a room, chances are that at least 2 people will share a birthday (according to the pop-ups on the screen at the <propfemale> science center)   statistics didn't sound right to me, but 3 of my fb friends are celebrating today, so, who knows!"
"is praying that <propmale>'s flight arrives before the bad weather     worst case would be him stuck in <propmale> and me having to get to school on time   i love our sitter, but arriving on time in the morning isn't her greatest strength   we generally overlook that, since she is so fantastic at everything else (and <propmale> can usually flex his schedule some) "
"well, southwest's online flight status checker is showing that <propmale>'s flight is finally in the air   hopefully, they will be able to land when they get here at midnight!"
note to bcpss:  could you please just announce tonight that the schools are going to be closed tomorrow so that i don't have to get up and ready at 5 am            
is going back to bed   yeah!!!!!!!!!!
is praying my babies stay little for a long time       i'm not real fond of pre-adolescents today 
just got head-butted by my 5 y o      won't be surprised if i have a black eye in the morning!
"it's going to be a busy weekend, but the highest priority is to make sure we successfully return the prek class guinea pig back to school on monday alive!"
"4:15a m  n:  mom, i can go get jelly bean?  me: no   4 smile 0 n: mom, hear that jelly bean is awake    i can go take her out of her cage   me: no   5 surprise 0 n:  mom, jelly bean just say \come play with me\""   me: no                         """
thinks it will be a miracle if this poor guinea pig survives till n gets it to school tomorrow   so sorry jelly bean 
"is finishing up the financial aid application, lesson plans and progress reports   such an exciting life i lead!"
"    but there never seems to be enough time, to do the things you want to do    "
omg      i'm having the most incredible pepian for dinner   i love it when bel does the cooking!!!!
went to parent-teacher conferences for my 2 kids before going to work this morning   had 3 parent-teacher conferences for my students this afternoon (out of my 60+ students)   once again i am thankful for the awesome education my kids are getting at st  <propfemale>'s and remembering that my students don't all have someone at home supporting their scholarly success 
wishes lesson plans would write themselves!  i'd much rather be heading to the children's museum with my family 
"has two kids who are now grounded for the next 2 days    absolutely no park, no tv!"
"mmmmm      tacos from the \taco truck\"" for dinner and pan <propfemale> de guatemala for our evening \""snack\""     my little munchkins fell right to sleep   this would definitely rank up there as being a good evening   maybe i should top it all off by heading to bed early (and hoping my students do the same)!"""
seems like a great day for thinking about and remembering our guate connections   looking forward to meeting up with lots of families on may 14th (thanks <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!!)   happy family day to some friends 
does anyone ever look at the stupid ads on the right side of your fb <propfemale>?  why they heck do they keep asking me if there is a baby in my future?  right under the million dollar apartment condos ads that i won't be buying either   obviously they aren't looking at my age and bank balance!!!
"should be entering grades in gradebook, but am thinking i'd rather go to sleep  hoping some of my students are already in bed, but i doubt it "
"loves the beautiful weather, but holy cow   i feel like i'll be pulling out the nebulizer tonight   judging by my coughing, i'm guessing the pollen count is outrageous!"
is looking forward to teaching some social studies again some day   only 8 more science classes till msa             
"had a great time last night, but is feeling her age today          "
is taking a 5th grade science practice test               
"bctr friends    anyone else still have a \waiting for review\"" status on the certification status with msde????"""
yike i looked fat on tv!!!
is thankful for the awesome team i work with         
"is wondering if i go to bed early, could i wake up tomorrow and pretend that this crazy day never happened?  ahhhh, the exciting life of a baltimore city school teacher   does it get any better than this?!?!?!?"
"today is international children's book day      \\you may have tangible wealth untold;\caskets of jewels and coffers of gold \richer than i you can never be -\i had a mother who read to me \~strickland gillilan"
is here listening to the thunder and thinking this is a much better afternoon for sleeping than for lesson plans 
