e672a0e9d9b532417163a41c2394e3ce
yeah!!! tomorrow is my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!
"well, today's the last day i will get running water, electricity and ac in two weeks"
im sick    sobsobsob  
"finally, a day where i can sit, relax, not stress over hw, and do absolutely nothing!!!"
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyay!!! it's finally christmas <propfemale>!!! and best of all    its snowing!!! what more could one ask for on christmas <propfemale>?
today is christmas!!! yay for christmas!!!
i love my itouch  it's amazingly awesome!!!
hates that the school decided to make finals after winter break  they're stupid!!! now i have to worry about doing all these different study guides     sad 
go ravens!!! go jets!!!
hip-hip-horay!!! the ravens won!!!  smile 
"comfortable clothing- $50  casual shoes and white boring socks- $30  plastic sled-$15  13mi of sand dunes- 5 million years  sledding down a sand dune on a plastic sled and getting sand trapped in your shoes, socks, pockets, and mouth- priceless  for everything else, there's master-card "
"finally, a <propmale> where the screen isn't always strobing every time i use it    its amazingly great!!!"
just watched august rush    and it was awesome!!!
the jets lost    im sad now   sad 
needs to do something that will get his mind boredom  any ideas?
hates studying apwh!!!
"dear fast food restaurants, \        when will you people ever be capable of getting my order right on the first try!?!?!?!"
is currently suffering a ludicrously long case of writers block   sad 
is no longer suffering writers block!!! hurray for me!!!!!!!
got very nervous stressed anxious at all-region auditions and screwed up    as usual  sad 
"is feeling a bit bummed that he's last chair (but then again, i did pretty bad)  oh well, there's always next year "
is super excited that it will be christmas break in just one more week!!!!!!
is amused at how incredibly inconsistent his facebook usage is 
is stoked for tomorrow's 18 hour long car ride to ohio   
was actually the center of attention for a change; which felt strange yet surprisingly good all at the same time 
absolutely hates ice days    its like a snow day only with no snow which = no fun at all!!!!!!
is currently working on apush time line         ugh 
is thrilled that nickelodeon is finally making another series of the avatar!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
