f03100755156be07421c1cfc8d886410
i'll get you  don't worry 
illest i've ever been
today    is an amazing day love 
who wants to buy me a tattoo?  laugh 
facebook sucks  idk what the fuss is about 
"i'm <propfemale>, and i sell propane and propane accessories "
is afraid of skin cancer  annoyed 
is actually leaving the house today 
we're all going to be dead in 2 years    why not live alittle?
mr  quadro makes the best chocolate banana pancakes ever!
"its 9 in the afternoon, your eyes are the size of the <propfemale>   "
hates today's music  smile 
wants to be a dj   
you fags ruined vampires  i cant believe some of the shit i'm seeing these days  its a disgrace 
my new hair is amazing  confidential 
]]]onster love 
ravenousravenoustaryn 
is gettin a snake soon  annoyed 
is pissed i can only get 30 seconds of stenchman > annoyed 
i am my own redeemer 
wow  wtf 
its not fair  i used to be cute now im a hideous beast  annoyed 
needs a cellphone yo 
"if you see me today at any point    you're gonna be like wow, lol "
is in love     love 
is single and homeless  what a life 
agh    wtf  does it ever last more than a day?
who wants a mustache ride?!
needs entertainment  
= straight hate  lol
cant deal with any more shit today 
"uh, fuck you too "
<propfemale> and wonderland comes out friday  sad 
"aggghhh, i need an imaginary dollar to change my address online! why are you required to have a credit card in life? so dumb "
has a sick obsession with lil wayne love 
will never love again 
feels sooo much better today! i can actually smile  laugh 
"ha, whats on my mind?? the best thing in the fuckin world, thats what! lol"
is trying  not succeeding yet  but trying 
has a thirst that cant be quenched 
astrology is such a load of shit  idk why i ever bother
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this could get interesting  
gnarwals are real!? wtf!
forgot how much she loves the single life love 
things are just so crazy    in a good way tho  smile 
is back with my lover  smile 
needs a new cute little friend to party with  smile 
ha  you thought wrong  smile 
is excited   playful 
needs a phone   
is gettin way better at skateboarding  smile 
got employed at subway today!
i'm sooo gettin an ipad 
ordered a phone today! ask me for my number when i get it  surprise 
wonders why her boyfriend gets on facebook and for some reason always forgets to unblock me    
aliens exist    idc 
i like being clever  surprise 
"if anyone knows <propfirst> bevan, punch him in the fucking mouth "
ask me for my number in a lil bit  smile 
text me! 7243178799
damn it    its anime night 
my new number 7243178799
is soooo sick and fucking tired of playing this game every few weeks  go kill yourself  seriously 
feels good for once 
swimming!
pink hair today
pink hair today!
"dude, i'm fuckin bored today    who wants to hangout?"
you think you know everything don't ya?
text me dude    3178799
<propfirst> don't do it! <propfirst> done did it! <propfirst> don't stop til you're done wit it!
<propfirst> don't do it! <propfirst> done did it! <propfirst> keep doin it til you're done wit it!
ewewewwww! you are soooo fuckin nasty!!
loves this life  lol
"i'm disgusted  absolutely fucking disgusted  go kill yourself  please  just do it  i hate fucking whores! and not just girls are whores, trussst me "
twofaced faggots 
"suck my clip, swallow my bullets and don't you quit"
"i finally let myself free  i can't wait to meet someone new, and worthy of my love  smile "
wow  just wow   smile 
"i swear you cant fuck wit me, but i can fuck yo girl and make her nut for me, then slut for me, then kill for me, then steal for me, and of course it will be yo cash, then ill murder that bitch and send her body back to yo ass!"
"i swear to jesus christ, if my info disappears again im killing a small animal "
"if you don't already know about them, look it up  the mystery of the 13 ancient <propfemale> skulls    i can't even sleep now  crazy shit "
feeling artistic 
9 days til ozzfest!!
is def skatin all day today!
purple is the best color for anything  surprise 
"i wake up everyday, shower, then skate walk literally all day long  but i have fun everyday  smile  txt  317-8799"
"if anyone is going to ozzfest today, please take me!"
"shut up bitch swallow  if you cant swallow, shut up bitch gargle "
<propmale> morrison is fucking brilliant 
"hey  my phone is shut off, so if anyone tried to get ahold of me  thats why i never responded    sorry"
is a dubstep junkie 
phone is back on!!
"for as much shit as i talk, theres apparently alot more shit said about me    and i dont even do anything thats said! people just cant believe theres actually a girl out there thats not a whore "
needs to smoke   
11 days til my birthday!!
its gettin cold  i can't wait! fall love 
is so sick of feeling like this every other week  will i ever find someone actually worth it? or at least there for me when i need them? am i really that horrible?
just heard thunder love 
creatura vile <propfemale> notte love 
my birthday is going to suck  i already know
drinkin with <propfemale> and lil hitler!
is liking life lately  smile 
is def going to raves again  i miss the life 
strawberry cough love 
tryin to sleep and its just not happening    wtf
love is the intense absence of fear
you ugly bitch   ill fuckin stab you 
who's havin halloween parties this year??
"i have a feeling i'm going to regret this, but i'll give it a try like my status & i'll tell you:1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 the color you remind me of 3  my first memory of you 4  the animal you remind me of 5  ask something i've always wondered about you 6  my favorite thing about you 7  give you a weird nickname8  challenge you to post this on your wall"
"yes, i'm really getting married love "
wtf man    annoyed 
needs to get a tattoo!
currently gettin a tattoo love 
in serious need of liprings  can't wait til friday!
shit is just not good 
dude    i want an ipad!
wants some real italian food 
download 'dubstep therapy ' it starts out with <propfemale> <propfirst> and goes into some sick shit  i love it
"with all due respect, that idea aint worth a <propfemale> painting of a whale and a dolphin gettin it on "
im really fuckin done with men  never again  they really are all the fuckin same  its fucking disgusting 
i hate girls that look like nerdy men with makeup on and think theyre hot 
who wants to teach me how to drive??
freedom is such a beautiful feeling  i have no stress  i finally get to live my own life  ill never let anyone tie me down again  smile 
i will not apologize for <propmale> 
i can't wait to go xmas shoppin!
why so serious?
i need a ride to work son 
off tomorrow!  laugh 
"is def smoking crack and worshipping satan \lol"
"if you don't like me because of my lifestyle, fuck you  your opinion doesnt matter anyway  smile "
"-before you slip into unconsciousness, i’d like to have another kiss  another flashing <propmale> at bliss, another kiss, another kiss-"
who wants a mustache ride??
the childfund commercials are getting aggressive these days lol
"sightings of shape shifting, disolved into the darkness, a final opinion is of less value, than an appreciation of and tolerance for obscurity "
wow christmas was pretty sweet thia year
why is nj and everywhere else up here under 3ft of snow and cville isn't!? i wanna make a giant snow penis!
look up '<propfemale>' on urban dictionary  its great lol 
if there ever is a time that you would rather shit in a plastic bag and throw it in the corner than get your fat ass up to go to the bathroom    please grab the nearest shotgun and kill yourself please 
idk   should i keep the snakebites? or go back to one?
to get to a model weight for my size and frame i have to lose 30 lbs   
is sick of being unappreciated 
