3865a06979ee0dd7a262d456f9ae7214
"fireworks at midnight?! i wanna meet that genius, and smack em "
currently in walla walla
almost finals
einen weiteren tag in der wunderschönen walla walla  regnet hier wie seattle 
hi
whoops didn't know that's how this worked
figuring out how to use linux  surprise 
can't wait for school to start monday 
i find out tomorrow if i've got a role in the next play the cc is putting on  cross your fingers for me  smile 
"woohoo got a part  not the one i wanted but hey, most of the parts are about the same anyway "
"i'm supposed to write a bio for the program for the play, but i've got nothing  i keep writing a first line, then erasing it "
"if you are interested, and can make it to walla walla, i'm gonna be in a play on the weekend of thanksgiving and the weekend after that "
chillin in my room listnin to the wall and readin manga online 
wheee wednesday
the days sure are long when you have so much time in between classes
"if you're brave,copythis as your status and see what people rate you  (1)i love you (2)imiss you (3)sexy (4)cute (5)i'd marry you (6)crazy (7)nice( smile outgoing(9)i hate you (10)beautiful (11)my best friend (12)to die for (13)funny(14)loud (15)wierd (16)huggable (17)kissable or (1 smile  all of the above  smile "
"i don't wanna go into details here, because i don't want to make somebody feel bad, but what started out as a great day has just turned into a really crappy one rather quickly "
aye!!
"cannot wit for tomorrow, when my internet gets hooked back up "
"there's a cute little cat pretty much living on my back porch, i feel like an ass every time i don't let it in "
i refuse to rebuild the wall just because of some noise i wasn't e playful ecting  it took too long to tear a hole in it in the first place 
"quick, everyone, run away before you are sucked into the downward spiral that is me "
"starting to feel the call of the road again, why the hell is it always in the winter "
should probably log off before i make a complete ass of myself here 
"stupid picture is always smiling, i hate that guy "
hurray for gossip!!!
"please put this on your status if you know someone, or are related to someone whohas been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in caseyou didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy andpaste this, because they have already been eaten by a dragon  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this "
"so     is rehearsal on monday at the normal time, or what? it doesn't really say on the schedule "
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha             yeah 
<propfirst> burnett is awsome!!!  smile 
i should be more nervous than i am 
yay warehouse 13 and eureka are back on  smile 
super smiley face  smile )))))
"wait  wait, wait, wait, wait, wait  i    i wanna be on you "
thanks alot for making me realize how dull my life was!! =p
pathetic: checking here every 5 minutes for nothing =p
"optimism sucks!!! i really need to just turn this off and get drunk, only i'm not allowed to get drunk, so that sucks too "
probably gonna kill some kittens now   
likes    your face!!
dear universe    wtf?!
rehearsals start for real today    wheeeeee  smile 
<propmale> simply must stop!!! -he said sounding like <propmale>
what the hell are they wearing?!
anyone else think it's just a little creepy that <propfirst> <propfemale> was so popular?
only a week really?! seven days till we do this thing on front of people   phew  joyful *
"\ joyful \"""""
when is pickup rehearsal?
"holy crap!!!! if you go to google right now and search \goodly creatures\"" the very first site is a porn site  so some of you more than likely don't want to click on that """
laptop fried on me me a week or so ago so    yeah not gonna be on here a lot for a while
