deb780a820f1854c5b37ab8b0f8bb8ca
'just another day in my neiborhood'
'i gotta rocket launcher    that i borrowed from master cheif'
'i gotta rocket lancher     and its all black'
'everything is happening     at the turn of the century'
'      mo calls no texts plaese     i just need to think'
       no calls no texts please   i just need to think'
'perfect hair to the second power of forever'
'is driftin away like a feather in the air    lettin these melodies and colors take me away from the hurt and dispair'
'every kid needs a healthy diet of dopeness  '
'only make moves when your hearts in it'
'i guess its time for me to change my style up'
'the transformer movie        epic racism'
'things are never what they seem'
'things are never what they seem to be'
'i just dont what to do with myself'
'if only     if only you knew'
'yep    im leavin on a jetplane'
'it seems like that time again boys and grirls      i gotta play the bad guy'
'welll looks like its that time again boys and girls'
'and ive tried   everything but suicide       but its crossed my mind'
'the world ends with you'
'every day i wake up    i ask myself this one question    why do i even fukin try anymore'
'another family member down      dag   rip mookie'
'animals kno what the fuk they be doin'
'gotta stay positive     tryin to stay positive    fuk it!!!   fuk u and lose my number      your a fukin lier'
'gotta stay positive     tryin to stay positive    fuk it!!!   fuk u and lose my number      your a fukin lier    im not gon say your name    but i kno that you kno im talkin about you'
'hhhmmmm whats on my mind huh facebook??    fuk all of you'
'ive tried being the optimist    i tried lookin for the better solution  but fuk it   i dont care anymore   nothin is meant to last   nothin will ever last  please just leave me alone'
'ok so look    for all you people who act like you really give a fuk    please dont waste my time   im not sayin dont comment on my statuses   but like for people who only talk to me through my statuses   u can kiss my ass  because you people are more fak
'hahahaha wtf    i just turned 19  and im still trippin on high school shit   im clownin everybody   lol  back to the basics'
'when life gives you lemons     you paint that shit gold'
'is living off borrowed time as the clock is ticking faster'
'dont question how we live but question what we give   take em to the next leave them where they cant see me'
'   real time with <propmale> maher  
'i   ii    iiii     i am the best i rip it up with finesse'
'     so here we are   '
'i wont ask you   if you pass through  bring some good feelin and ill be willin to match you'
'ayo i gotta slight problem   i smoke weed to much   knees buckle up when im splittin my dutch'
'am i confused or    '
'she is the bluest light   '
'crazy she drives me   and the way she moves me is seismic  '
'butterflies at the very mention   the flutter of her eyelashes helped to clear the tention   then went and shook and fell head over heels  with me and got dirtier than red rovers meals'
'you are my favorite moment of this damn century'
'legos and mega blocks are not the same thing'
'bloc party   one of the greatest bands ever'
'the best things in life  arent things'
'this is not recess   the latch brothers are threw playin games with you'
'dumbass inconsiderate small lil shrimp boat ass bitch'
'because im restin in the clouds'
'playin jet set radio future      now i remember why i draw graffiti'
'good feelins everywhere'
'yes  i just finshed jet set radio future       they should make a part 2     back to bein bored'
'the best south park episode is when <propfirst> mouse made the <propmale> brothers look like bitches     classic'
'fuk preschoolerz'
'fresh to def she is  from her steps to her sex she is   so death might not let me live     ya digg   freshh  yes she is'
         its three hundred and twenty two o'clock        and im   bored    eatin gummy bears'
'you lyin sack of shit      free my nigga <propmale>'
'at the end of the day    its like   yea here we go again'
'tap water builds character'
'see this is stange  but <propmale> <propmale> freed the slaves in a way that kept them chained up'
'the physicosis of bein dope'
'niggas lookin over here like shit is sweet'
'r i p  <propmale> <propfirst>'
'give a girl a couple of grapes and she'll do anything'
'new aim   ordinaryschmoo'
'5 down 7 to go until i reach my goal   aim: ordinaryschmoo'
'life is the motivation   money is the bonus'
'hey hoocie!!!!'
'mr  nomad i am your friend'
'i get a feelin that knoooooooo onnnnnnnnnneeeeee ccccaaaannnnnn takkkkkkkeeeeee aaaawwwwaaayyy'
'fukin wit me will get you so much cash    or kno where fast'
'im the shit overflowed   and i grab a blunt and split it like a chromosome'
'det-01 the facebook subscriber you are trying to reach  kno longer wants to talk to you'
'g's up nigga  hoes down   if the bitch cant swim she gon drown   runnin the street totin the fohr pound   if you aint kno iom that nigga   then nigga you kno now'
'being overcool like me     theres an app for that'
'yep just one of those feelins'
'up   up    up   and away    cuz    they gon judge me anyway    so whatever'
'wanna be overkool like me   theres an app for that'
'i will go against a tank with a shank for my dreams   thats my word'
' look!!!! im not bull shittin    this shit is dope as hell  this video is thee shit  you gotta check this out  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nh84beghev0&annotation_id=annotation_770166&feature=iv this nigga is cold '
'i am a zombie and i will malice you with a shoehorn'
'i dunno if its somethin in the air or if im just not feelin like myself   but im discontent and i dont wanna deal with this shit kno more   so anybody i got bad blood with   im comin for you  and im not talkin about shit  so be ready'
'is wonderin why my tv is still on'
'sometimes you gotta cut niggas off like a light switch (click)'
'e playful ressing views is obviously illegal'
'never let your so called mans kno your plans'
'piss on the constitution then burn the magna carta'
'my dandy voice makes the most anit-chioce grannys panties moist'
'my dandy voice makes the most anti-chioce grannys panties moist'
"'<propmale> imitates life, life is <propmale> and in vice-verse '"
'what up  to all rappers shut up  while you shuttin up keep a shirt on at least a button up   yukk   these day rhymers are stripper males   out of work jerks since they shut down chip and dales'
'the person next to me think that he smells popcorn  but the harsh reality is : i pooted on him  lmfao'
'i realy couldnt give a sober fuk   if i ever sober up'
'twirl a l after every meal'
'bitch    you like chocolate <propmale>?? (lmao)-pyro'
'now dont think that  im petty but i kno what desperate ladys put in they spaghetti   thats why i told her that i ate already'
"'to be a man you must have honor, honor and a penis'"
'alright im done with all you nigga s'
'i think you niggas accually think i give a f**   i really dont -p s stop taggin me in things that really has kno relevence to me    sooo  yea'
'i just wanna get to the crib'
'climb trees    go out on the limb   to find me  '
'happy eday peoples good feelins all around'
'sometimes i just dont kno'
'so here we are   '
'a lesson was learned  so now i communicate with none'
'your ignorant bais is my goliath'
'so uummmm i got a job finally'
'bring some good feelin and ill be willin to match you'
'the day after   '
'trees kno the future'
'its just another rainy day'
"'kiss me on the nozzle lmao- (stay off the drugs kids)\"",2010-04-25 07 smile 3:17""",deb780a820f1854c5b37ab8b0f8bb8ca,'awesoomme!! letts go miami'
'buffalo wild wings? thats right over there on the other side of hell nah lmao- <propmale> <propfirst>'
'flyin through your neiborhood at hyper speed   astrotravelin off that hydro green'
'smh       they didnt have the technology to rebuild him'
'aint no happy endings    cuz nothin really ends'
'mannn its just like quicksand   '
'93 million <propmale> 3 rocks away live from the planet earth today  we gon shine'
'complicated maze   this phrase fits you prefect'
'to kno how it ends it usually depends how it began'
'well time to get another phone'
"'within a symphony of chaos,orchestrated by human nature its no wonder the music faded and thus, we construct a groove toconduct a movement and make adjustmentstowards improvement, with sucha purpose of pressurethis lord’s profession is about progressionand that’s no question,stay tuned…'"
'war is gods method of teaching americans geography'
'time for those zzzzzzzs    nite'
•••traaa lllaaa lllaaaaaaaaaa••••
'old people cant drive for shit'
'man fuk the police'
'ok fuk the police officers that are ass holes(not the ones doin a good job)'
'alright let me stop playin lol    i'm bored'
'excuse me while i kiss the sky'
'stay tuned for more spine tingling advantures of   
'i don't understand how im so understanding    but i guess that's all i can be'
'i guess it's time to let go     damm it's hard losin friends     i just    damm i'm hurtin'
'i'm infinite'
'me and these 4 walls'
'happy mothers day mom   there's knobody like u   i love ya'
'heaven isn't something someone else can give   '
'if i'm livin right why does it feel like i'm wrong'
'1  5  3  8   cut the crap negotiate'
'overwhelming fear is not a excuse for rudeness'
'well aside from all the b s on facebook    for all you lotus heads out there  flying lotus has a new album entitled cosmogramma    go pick up a copy   no burned cds   support the underground and your local record stores     thank you all for your time'
'witnessing my own parade on the planet'
'you   shut ur hole      or i will eat your life     thats what librarians do'
'ayo i like the way you dress   ah yea thats fresh   and yo i like the way you undress   too     impress whoo???'
'tape fixes everything except condoms'
'im invisible and impossible to touch'
'you kno ill diss you then laugh    after that ill quit doin math'
'dont tell me life goes on     i need her'
'man fuk yall niggas'
'i mean that from my heart cuz she makes me feel good as person you kno    and makes me say well the shit wasnt that bad    smile  lol'
'hes super     '
'everybody talkin about lovin someone till the day they die and shit    i say fuk it  ima love you till you stop lovin me'
'welll kinda got a bad feelin about today    fuk it  lets see what happens'
'fuk   my bad feelin just got alot worse       fffuuuk!  wheres mj when you need her'
'im in the mood to play some pokemon lol'
'is twisted   livin off her sickness    like parasites       i guess   this is paradise'
'look dont tag me kno more    if im not in the vid dont tag me'
'ok how about dont tag me on shit'
'dag    when did people start givin a fuk about what everybody else thinks?     am i the only one that still dont care  tell me im not'
'who cares???    your 19   get the fuk over it'
'hey man      dont tell me i dont care'
'if you love'em    you gotta let'em go'
'i remember kissin   but cant remember how kissin tasted'
"    when people talk, it's in freaking <propmale> "
"    theres no rules in this game we play        hate aside, there aint shit you can say"
       it 5:28  go fuk yourself fbook  
"    high as a kite, drinkin apple juice"
   you cant be lucky and dead   thats like a oxymoron
"    even though i <propfemale> the worlds weight, i still stand up straight    put a hand up, try to relate"
"     ill be back when you call, don't say goodbye"
   nothin tames the wild like a women's embrace
snake
"    if these walls could talk, they wouldnt shut the fuk up"
"    burn one, for the poor one"
"    my life is like a movie, jam-packed with action"
"    real recognize real, shit, i seen myself a couple times"
"    whores flash ass, like the sun flashes light"
     theres monsters under my bed again
    leavin on a jet plane
      smh its fend for yourself night at my house
"     well well well, look at what ive done again folks"
    the sky is falling on me
     you biting like a dracula curse
     spaceship showers are the best
    man gummybears are great!
"    daddy had a name tag that said busy workin, mommy had a milk carton that said missing person, <propfirst> had a baseball glove with kno body to learn with, thats oil and water trying to mix on the same cirucut"
"    you just gotta be willin to go that extra mile, you kno?"
"    i dont wanna change the world, i only wanna stop pretending"
"      1 2 1 2, some dreams stay dreams, and some dreams come true"
"    i just want her to lie to me tonite, say its gonna be alright (its not gonna be alright)"
"    set'em up high, so i can let you all down"
    for now im just gazin at the <propfemale>
"    hold a cold one, like he holds the old gun, like he holds the microphone, and stole the show for fun"
"     givin you the shaker, somey somey somersault"
   bomb the system
"     my good, is your great  you could never see me even if i was standing directly in front of you ha!"
     man i just dont feel like doin shit
"     i have kno idea whats goin on, i just want to hear the beat"
"    he was by her self, and that nigga didnt even wanna talk to anybody smh"
"     i love detroit, because i am detroit"
    thats pretty fukin dope
"   im not the type of person to get at mad someone then talk shit on my statuses   nope, not at all its a waste of time,so  with that bein said just note   when i see you nigga  im going to see you fsho"
     [you make my <propfemale> puke]
     [crowd goes wild]
"    (i keep playin the part, but its not my scene)"
"     [dun chill, it aint all about the dollar bill  you can be dead broke and be a scholar still]"
    what doesnt kill me only makes me crazier
    absolute power corrupts absolutely
"     [i wonder, why certain people come into my life]"
"    [mann, just when i thought everything was gravy    yep thats what i get for thinkin,   smh well   you live and you let go you kno?]"
[kristopher robinhood    hahaha courtesy of <propfemale> doobie]
"[mannn people close to me are st<propmale>in to show me how they really feel about me doin graffiti, well    i dont really care, it may be illegal or whatever but dont tell me its not a form of <propmale>    cuz then we have nothin else to talk about]"
[over the crack with the fat cap whatzzup!!]
"[mannn, shit just got tooo real smh   my bad my niggas]"
"[mentally scared for life, love is war, but some chicks are just to hard to wife]"
"[this road is filled with pot holes, but i dont need to tell you somethin that you already kno]"
[i hope yall freeze in hell]
"[shittt    once you in the system, everything goes]"
"[lifes not a bitch, life is a beautiful women   you only call her a bitch cuz she wouldnt let you get that pussy, maybe she felt yall didnt share any simular intrest, or maybe your just an ass hole who couldnt sweet talk a princess]"
[im about to kick it all up in here]
"[smart went crazy, but where did you go?]"
"[say someshit to make your daughter laugh, then slaugter the ass]"
"[dag yall really kno how to make a nig feel loved, peace to all with a july bday  and thanks to all my duns and dunnies   ] peace!"
"[dag yall really kno how to make a nig feel loved, peace to all with a july bday  and thanks to all my duns and dunnies   ] peace!"
[man fuk this shit]
[sometimes you gotta turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone]
vulgar language is the linguistic crutch of the inarticulate 
[i hate all of you   that is all]
   dag today is friday isnt it?
   its never a good outcome when thinkers are left alone to think 
    insomnia
  tropical mowi wowie  dun
"     im smellin like tucan <propfirst> over here hahah, over faded "
"    no clean dishes??, ill eat tomorrow "
"  i swear on my nuts, i can kill it all day but you can only bury me once  remember that "
the name of the game is lightworks! 
and here i almost found myself getting sucked into facebook  smh not today
"catch me <propfemale> clean pair, rip jeans and a bummy shirt"
"watch out son, dont block the screen lunge across, im tryin to watch adultswim aquateen hunger force"
is not an asshole hes just a little confused 
"is on a journey into outer space, anyone wanna join?"
   they say he wears a metal mask incase his face shows 
    i wish i could be numbed for this
   sometimes i just dont kno 
"-yall niggas is crabs <propfemale> barrel, pass the old bay"
  your better than all the rest 
is committed for 7+ years and thats my statement 
"bangin ass headache, i think im bout to nap it out     peacce"
you kno what really grinds my gears facebook?? rats!
i just swallowed my heart   
yea facebook   i think its time to hit that delete button
well guess i didn't feel like deleting it   well new phone need <propfirst> come with them hahhaaa 
please stop liking your own statuses 
about to get down with a ethnic hot pocket baayyooowwwww!
"harsh reality is the case, like when you spit in the wind it might come back in your face "
"movee old guy, the streets are for the living"
stupid drivin mutha truckers
if my life makes you sick then  vomit
what once was can no longer be 
"does she kno that i, am not just searching for some one time pie "
"1,2 skip a few 99, 100"
"well, can't fault a person for tryin "
"attention!!!!! now that i have your attention, that is all "
"im everyday people normal, and im glad to be "
its hard to forget the past when the present feels nostalgic 
"some say that <propfemale> is a virtue, but time is a muthafuka "
is self made so there's nothin you can make of him
i just wanna be alone with these thoughts of mine 
"i wanna tag, i don't wanna be able to think anymore "
im not in a good place at the moment 
"sometimes can't talk about this and that, because this isn't that    -jimi hendricks"
she's so    
if pain is love then i hide my pain with drugs 
to infinity and beyond like pixar 
"everyday, anyway yo, i sparkdala "
"let he who is without sin cast the first stone, after you who's last, its doom and he's the worst known "
"the villian, his smile stuns ya chick while he puts hisself in ya shoes, run ya kicks"
is bored drinking apple juice 
"i made it like that, bought it like that, i'm livin like that "
my favorite kind of day 
"fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen, pour myself a cup of ambition, yawn and stretch and my life is a mess and, if ill ever make it home today god bless him "
dag another one bites the dust (r i  p anniyah varner) 
is a victim of the police quota 
"i  ain't even here right now, even though you see me sittin zoned out on the couch "
is charging my phone at the wear masters:  smile 
she keeps on passin me by 
"get out my face, askin about my case, stand 2 pase"
fuk you facebook 
seahorses forever!
"animated philosophy; if a tree falls in the <propmale>, can i still punch you in the face?"
believe half of what you see and none of what you hear 
ill send you love poems in the form of smoke signals 
i gotta few bones to pick with a fractured skeleton 
yea i gotta interview and shit 
i can be found in a social coma directly to your left 
"ill be here for awhile, i'm not goin anywhere"
disturbed 
nostalgic 
what am i suppose to say to a blank text?
@<propfemale> <propmale> is a g o a t  lover 
"everything i touch turns to dust, why would i wanna touch anything anymore "
whores flash ass like the sun flashes light 
tomatos are fruits 
mmmm    food
"i am not a human being, i am what they call amazing "
white surf style 5 
"dirt like dirt, dirty dirt"
"i strive to be humble, lest i stumble "
"you ever had one of those days when you question everything and everyone around u? i hate those days, i always end up hurtin somone"
"in this crazy world, get in where you fit in "
"im just a dood and i do things the way doods do, because i'm glue and stuck on you but i say do what you need to do, ill be here drinkin a beer, lookin around holdin it down, thinkin of you"
<propfemale> fous!
"so what, no talking?"
so here i am    again
i don't kno where i am but i have a knife 
sometimes the time is all u got 
i appreciate u pretending to care 
<propfirst>!!!! go with <propfirst>!
definition of america: organized chaos 
yo kno your black when another black person calls u colored smh 
rip  eyedea
"i bet u ill get them n***as off yo block, i bet u ill show them n***as this boy hot!"
do u smell purple?? i smell purple 
"shit yo, happy day of giving thanks to all"
"im glad i got to tell u i love u one more time, rip untie <propfemale>"
massive attack - chilled euphoria
"maybe one day ill fly, who knows "
hello everyone 
never let your so called mans kno your plans
"i try to act broke, jealousy, the number one killer among black folk"
hit u in the ribs and make ur lips bleed
a dreamy day of daydreaming of you 
(am i) confusing you?
"i don't wanna say fuk you  i don't wanna say fuk you, i don't wannna say fuk you!!!!!!"
smoke kusher 
realize that real life is a uphill battle 
"gave the waitress a tip, i said stay out of the dark in detroit"
i look like yes and you look like no 
there's nothing fashionable about showing up 
erase me 
"shook dudes get turned witness, real mans mind they own business "
grey hairs are god's graffiti 
floating in my mind without a sail    ahoy!
"nobody likes me, and that's ok cuz i don't likke y'all anyway "
"now i watch my \friends\"" like i watch strangers"""
"vibin, rolling up something to change my feelings "
"i was sittin, waitin, wishin, u believed in superstition then maybe you'll see the signs "
"well, its to late to turn around  im knee deep in this shit"
"alil bit off, i am i am i am"
(rip rayshan ima miss u cuz)
this boy is way beyond a pencil and a dutch 
"mann   these sideways ass bitches make me sick, and its always the ones that's close to u "
"off top, honestly, the kush and goose combination taunts a g"
a day by atmosphere supreme
"i used to hound the pussy now i can't shake it, i jump, hop, juke, spin move from the pussy  its like madden in the endsone i reached the money"
heimdalsgate like a promethean curse 
its like a game of <propfemale> pong on a table made of glass in a room full of mirrors as i let the days pass 
"in life people trip, most people fall, but me i turn that trip into a beautiful beautiful dance"
"shit aint gon change, you kno why? cuz shit dont ever fukin change"
"don't really like to stress, so i blow out some steam\open my mouth like godzilla and all u see is lightbeams!"
"fukin 2011, i just bought a fish named him rupert   dope"
handstands??! fukin handstands?????!!? what the fuk have i got myself into
"man    its only been a week, 1 love <propmale> r i p"
"every little man, is a walking contradiction "
yyyeeeesssss!!!! finally got some toilet paper
"ignorance is bliss, i hate tryin to talk to someone ignorant"
the wind can't break me we all kno its the other way around
"not to much to say r i p grandma, peace love"
reminisce
wrote the waiter a tip that said stay out of the dark in detroit
"i don't have my own style, i have styles' plural"
tape fixes everything   except condoms right <propmale>??? lol
"that feelin got me, i wish <propmale> could adopt me"
"its all about me, all about u in this crazy world"
"it would've been your birthday today, im sorry im not able to spend it with u  lotta love grandma"
hakuna matata
ohhmmmmm     
i like sandwiches 
"girls=time*money, time=money, girls=money*money= (money)2, money =evil, girls sad evil)2, girl=evil; conclusion girls are the root of all evil"
sweet chiba chibbbbaaaaa!
"watching blood <propfemale> reclinin, smokin weed, what <propfemale> say?? u don't smoke???! cool now its more for me"
"walk up in ur shindig higher than the ozone, damm i can float home"
b-b-b-b- <propmale> and the jets!
im not yo daddy im yo grandpa!! lol i love that commercial
chatterboxes smh
"hahaha hacked demos are the greatest, u don't even to buy the game"
"<propfirst> frost, haze, and purple urple, what a niggt"
"<propfirst> frost, haze and those purple urples, whew what a night"
snapping ur neck back while ur spitting out pez
kickoff! let's go packers
let's go packers! lets go!!
weeds weeds weeds is what we all needs needs
i kicks it like all 3 ninjas
petty fukin americans
what do u really have that's really worth complaining for <propfemale>?? i bet not one of u can come up anything that is really worth a second thought
mm    food?
"today im feeling like a nigga that worry, don't exist"
"its hard out here for a black man smh, get it how u live if u don't do it for yourself, then do it for ur kids"
contents under pressure 
interstella5555
its nice to kno that the outside world can't get into my mind
have u ever regretted eating something hot or spicy after u take a shit the next day?
"nobody wants to help other people out, not even cartoon characters "
call <propfirst> johns and tell them i want feta on my shit
my back hurts!!
mmmmm blehh 
oh looks like u might not have school again tomorrow my friendzz
did y'all kno that 106& park is on a new channel?
abstractionism
things don't happen to people that can't handle it 
"dammm   if y'all blood wasn't runnin through my veins, i would probably cut y'all off  too"
i think i feel a lot better off the phone
zzzzzzzziiiinnggg!!!
"pokemon fire red, gotta catchem all "
is in my place of tranquility
"she just as crazy as she can be, makes me want to love her u kno?"
optimist; a person who travels on nothing from nowhere to happiness
soon it would be cold enough to build fires 
counting stars on the ceiling 
i bet if the same shit happened but from a different <propfemale> = totally different outcome
the smiths are great
fb wont let me change my name antmore
stoned; courtesy of my mans martell lilley
i just relized only 15 mins have passed since i looked at the clock< which felt like a hour ago
lax ah <propfemale>
"don't worry dude, urine is sterile"
we dont need no walkie talkies
"dear then, \im writing from the now"
fumbling over words that rhyme
i see colours
"peace to my dunnys, one love"
is where u wanna be when your not on the internet
did you know: that its still writtin that africans are 3 5 of human beings
"damnnnn!!!! its a small ass world, or im just livin in a small ass city or somethin shit  "
who is the godfather of hip hop?
granola & berries with peach tea 
u only throw batterys at people u really don't like
alone on pluto 
i suppose ill be there for u tonite
man i hear yall but yall can't tell me shit
kuesadilla tumblr com
man damm  another day of this shit
give a fuk if i look like i just woke up
"shouts to <propfemale> <propmale>, happy birthday! loves ya"
never get a whoopin with your pants wet
i just wanna fly
computer face: pure being
chillin with some <propfemale> baker
its always better when we're together 
times like this i appreciate the blessings
that place i once called home is now just a bed to me
is snappin ur neck back while u spittin out pez
"i cover my face cuz the room is full of phoneys   that has to be some of the most dumbest ish i ever heard, wtf is wrong with people"
im lost  
i really hate to be like this but i gotta let u go
where did the humaine humans go?
whats not to love about u?
how are homeless people online?
"watch out son,  don't block the screen; jump across, im tryin to watch adultswim aqua teen hunger force!"
can u digg it?
dont nobody giggle unless they childish
love is; its what i got
some things are better left unsaid and put to rest
"u eat the same piece of cake day in and day out, that tired ass flavor gets played out"
bassnectar and daft punk should do a collabo
u kno why a chicken omlette is so good? because its a chicken cooked inside of another chicken
"i think its time for me to find a new one, something far away from everyone and everything i kno  "
honeydew melon and peach ohana??! oh yea im in there
yet? why not?
tacos muthafuka tacos!
"some people are just ungrateful, no matter what background u come from <propmale> or poor in a healthy household or a broken one   there's just some u wont be able to help(family friends), u just gotta let go"
"theres 2 sides to every story and 2 sides to every track, there's the one u tell on the way up and u one u tell on the way back"
"i dunno maybe its the rain but some days im more sure of things but today, i justwish i knew fersure"
"i don't even care no more, what happens is what its gon be   im done stressin over this shit"
got no money? get some!
"yo hol on for a sec, gotta take a shit"
i sparkdala  
cherio good chap? top of thee morin to ya
<propfirst> <propfemale> breaks necks and rips throats
nostalgia  
bass head!!!
wamp! wamp!!
demf slapped so hard
they obviously got me fuked up
ive come to wish u an unhappy birthday
u cant tell nobody anything nowadays
flush the turds!!
man  little dragon is great
"if u not havin a good day today, its prolly cuz u broke or ugly as fuk"
http annoyed  touch facebook com l php?u=http%3a%2f%2fpeanutbuttermechherbanlyf bandcamp com%2falbum%2flight-of-the-darkness&h=e02f1&refid=0
lets go manchester u!
"girls wit fuked up attitudes and loud mouths, those bitches are trolls"
smh same shit diff  day
fb is boring
blaze 1 for the poor 1
smoke and mirrors
32665
i®ock and i®oll all day long 
"even tho they hold me hostage, said i ain't worth a dime  well time is money how am i worth ur time?"
"its not what u do, but why did u do it"
sometimes the sun isn't always the best thing and walkin in the rain is kinda settling
how many times must we take a picture before pixalating human texture?
bassnectar; where is my mind?
ooooooo!! let's go <propmale>!
new fight nite and a j< one hell of a morning
never forget ur towel 
is about to whooop <propfirst> tysons ass
ps3 gamertag; pixalsurf
my finger points
chinese food delivers?
sweet chiba chiba
nah im not better than u i just think different
haaa just throw it in the fridge
sex bubbles haha
happy hotdog man???!
all i wana do is teleport massive
did alot of livin in the past 6 minutes
"light the doobie till it glows like a <propfemale>, after which, they couldn't find the vilian like scooby"
"ill tell u 1 thing, its always better when were together"
catch me feelin like im firework high
the feelins real    crushed
yess new patch on wow
constant surprises comin my way
training day 1
training day #1; details at 11
let the beat drop wwwaaammmmpppp!!!!
cream soda  
i got the vapers
a loss is a loss smh hurts all the same
3 shootin stars in one night
bak in school time to do that shit up!
tumblr discohippo
blest
"alone, but not really"
"real niggas get that paper, middle finger to yall feelins"
lets smelt the herbalism
enjoi  smile 
out with that fake shit in with the real
shit all things considereman im okay
shit all things considered  man im okay
man   smh and there goes my day
feelin kinda shitty
"ding 21! haa!! didn't think i would make it, thank everyone but uhh work and school until 9, but friday give me a shout"
yooo thanks everyone i appreciate it 1 love
that 1 bar was great
"hennesy and apple juice, 1 hell of a combo"
"eeeeeeeeeeeeeewwww you ol tired ass bitches put yo stomach away, that shit aint cute,,fukin rats everywhere"
buzzkill  
<propfemale> is made up of a bunch of greedy muhfukas
i gotta feelin that nooooo onnnneeee cannn take awwwayy
"hoe ass niggas just dont give a fuk nowadays, if you gon do something make sure your not hurting anyone else in the process"
3   2    1   we have lift off
(1 2) they say when your in a relationship you and your partner talk about everything    but what if you wana tell that person exactly how you feel but you just
(2 2)  can't?  
"half the time, most times im blunted"
shark week muthafukas!
hammerhead sharks smell in 3-d
ol' drippy
"she needs the chedder and i understand that, lookin for the chesse don't make her a hood rat"
lifted   soooo hhhhhhiiiiiigggggghhhhh
"its a beautiful day cuz i can feel it, you kno the type of day you ain't letting bad vibes invade yo spirit"
"ill be up up and away, cuz yall gon judge me anyway, so whatever"
has anybody in the world ever use gamefly?
wants to be alone on neptune
dammm that's how we cut?? that's real
time to kill some brain cells
"so apparently some lady strangled her son because she felt \overwelmed\"" by the debt of her special child school care or some shit like that"""
iss it me??   it prob most likely is
put yo ego in check and get that ass in gear
"so this random girl walks by and says she didn't take a shower today so she put her hair in a bun, if thaats not the most dirty shit ever"
why do people plank hahaha?
"yo if we friends don't come to my house and sit on the computer and talk on the phone and shit, if you gon do that just don't come ill fuks with you on some other shitt"
there's no hell more harsh than a memory
trust? nah there is none
ha i love photoshop
yep kinda fried  
<propfirst> changed  who said that is a lie  i evolved into the man i shouldve been this whole time
i exhale truth because i don't inhale lies
(2 2)  fine leavin my bad times behind
"(1 2) i feel great even tho i got mad shit to deal with, happiness is all in the mind, let's unwind and find a reason to smile, i'm just glad to be livin feelin"
well my day just went totally down the drain
squadra fantasma
"i think im done fukin with you, its not you i just don't feel like being bothered no more so uhhh yea"
pbm! nuff said
otherwise formless
<propfirst> is just a shyguy in disguise
"waitin for the day, that today's considered prehistoric"
you muthafukas is phony and i kno good and fukin well that u kno im talking about u and her
"just be glad y'all don't talk to me about shit, cuz its no love around this muthafuka"
i miss my brothers  
"the city of <propmale> oak can eat a <propmale>, especially beaumont hospital"
"how are yall buying weed with no money and no job?? watch your friends folks, they will smoke all ya weed and wont even pitch in to buy a shell"
flat black rusto  
strong-arm steady  
lets go tigers
24 7 the thunder will roll
"i feel like i don't wanna fuk with most of the people around me, because y'all are hoe ass and i'm gonna end up sayin somethin or doin somethin that's really gonna let you kno how i feel   maybe i should anyway haha fuk it"
birds of a feather flock together and im not about to deal with that shit
astrotravelin
ask about me
nikes on my feet
on my way to djose <propfemale>
"that snorlax you just called fat? yeah, it's eating rare candies by the dozen for you to accept it  that ghastly you just called ugly? it's been trying to learn a new move to replace its mean look  that slowpoke you just tripped? he has a learning disability that makes him legally retarded  see that hitmonchan with the scars? he fought in vietnam for your freedom today  i bet 80% of you won't put this as your status if you're against pokebullying  help pokemon with a visit to the pokemon center"
my pencil against the paper causes a chain reaction
don't trust a hoe
enjoyin breakfast with great people
i dont fuks with none of you fukers
i wanna go home
"how to stop bullying annoyed -lose weight\-get rid of them zits\-dont be such a pussy, pussy you a damn pussy\- gimme that jacket cause its mine now"
ahhh boys my daily dose of vitamin c  
hey sucka nigga  wherever u are
they're playing daft punk on the radio
step  step off
<propmale> headache
orange juuuice   orannnge juuice  orange juuuuuuuuuice   whew
brewfest in world of warcraft   what!!? im in there  thinkin about grabbin some brews later on too
strong arm steady
haha dude looks just like a female
like a dq blizzard
i hoping for spiritual growth as a mental progress
she be so    down for whateva
is in full effect
"disregard women, acquire currency"
"all these niggas want is some attention, real niggas get that paper middle finger to yo feelins"
"cherio good chap, what the haps is?"
"the lions, tigers, and the bears play tonight oh my!"
wtf cabera!!! shit
"dag <propfirst> just hit a 3 run <propmale>, unfortunately there's gonna be alot of wives getting beat tonite"
spinach salad with chicken and dried cranberries
i gotta be me i have no choice
is here and there
got my drink in my hand
human speeech will now be digitized 
rockin the pinky ring of saturn while im visiting mars
supercar: <propfemale>
ashin kusher
sometimes u just wanna go where everybody knos ur name
its a very lovely day  haha
the ultra intensity increases to degrees of intensity never before seen this side of planet intensula
you really smell like dog buns
party for the fight to draw
purexed
don't sweat the technique
ain't nothing subtle about a old fashioned fuk you!
rip <propfirst> frasier
man wtf is this world coming to  
trust is a very shitty feeling
