c7e4f93c850b49628333cefe72c1c0dc
i feel so trapped right now   
rawr???
sweet is love when all is sane sweet is death to rid the pain cruel is death when all is well cruel is love when all is hell       author unkown
"my dog is staring at me, should i kick him???"
adventurrrrrrrre!!!   smile 
te he he! i smell good   joyful 
"finally bought my nightmare before christmas soundtrack  i'm such a geek, but i'm a happy geek so it works out in the end  yay me  smile "
"i'm staying at my dad's for a while, yay!"
haaa!!!
hmmm   
"man, i'm bored   "
ah poo   
rawr   
"dude, this kinda sucks   "
i am so fruckin' bored      sad 
bi-curiousity killed the pussy??? teh heh     eww  sad 
"rawr, i want some tea   "
i wanna have a halloween party    come to my halloween party!!!    next month   
can't wait 'til halloween   
so fuckin' bored   
can't take this shit anymore  i'm tired of all the drama  <propfemale> on someone else  i can only take but so much and this is the last straw  i'm fuckin tired 
"u wanna talk about how grown u are yet u won't grow the fuck up  u put all this weight on my shoulders that isn't even mine to <propfemale>  i don't know everything, u kno "
i need some new friends   
"my golly, i'm feelin' giddery!!!"
birds of a feather share their sweaters!  smile 
strangeness   
isn't being special a little overrated?
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! i'm way too chill right now    high on life and gonna have a wicked hangover    don't have too many days like this  smile 
"i need to take better care of myself now, this is gettin' crazy   "
"shush people! what's wrong with you!? te he, rawr "
"self abuse- n  masturbation           what? dumbest, weirdest, most random definition ever, period  sad  nut kinda funny  smile "
"ooooh, october coolness     smile "
is it really weird for guys to wear girls underwear???
i'm about to just be a bitch for halloweem lol  smile 
i     am     friggin'     tired      
"its really cold, me not happy  sad "
"eeh, where's my sanity? hello ma'm, how may i help you? no, don't touch that!!! implosion   "
huh?
no <propmale>!!!  sad 
"i'm tired but not sleepy quite yet, why?  sad "
"oh boi, time flies     smile "
"all this petty-ass drama is a waste of energy  i no longer fuckin' care  there, its out  hugs and kisses bitches, have a nice night  smile "
oh so cold  sad 
i like burritos     they're tasty  smile 
"just ate some sushi, feelin' kinda numb  i ate too much   "
"oh my ghandi, i got something in my eye!!!!!!  sad "
???
wow i hate it here   can't wait for tomorrow  smile 
"kiss my grits! lol, sry i just felt like sayin' that  smile "
"i'm weak, so weak right now  my body is shattered, my heart feels swollen and the flames of my spirit are flickering away  i hate this so much yet i maintain my smile  i'm not hiding, it isn't a mask  its instinct  smile "
"tee <propfemale>, no more coffee for me  laugh "
"i am quite winded, eh      sad "
oh mr  wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilson  smile 
"yea, it sucks being back at home lmao  smile "
"anxiety's a bitch  can't find a good enough way to distract myself from it  sufficating inside of myself a little, but it's cool for now  what else can i do?  playful "
"i know what's wrong, i just refuse to change  so i'm stupid  but it's fine because i know what to do  in due time, i'll fix myself  smile "
"bored, ha ha! check this out pleez! http annoyed  stuffwhitepeoplelike com full-list-of-stuff-white-people-like "
"ah, fuck a duck     thanksgiving is a lot more trouble than its worth lol  smile   love "
"happy thanksgiving all!!! tee <propfemale>, i made cupcakes   love "
hmm       sad 
 love  the light is dim but still there  change is possible  love 
"just bought some more incenses and a dock for them, too  omfg, they're amazing!!!  love "
got a bit of a headache  playful 
"its about time to open my mouth to speak  i need a new voice, outlook and way of life  i am much too small and too meek, you see  i have no passion, motivation or drive  i've lost my love and loves and more  i've lost the battle and i'm losing the war  i can't control my emotional state, so i hide away for my emotion's sake  heartache, distance and cabin fever  regrets, mistakes and simple-minded teasers   love "
"kinda restless and anxious  can't be still and stuff  that's normal, i guess  i hate these walls that surround me  where to go, where to go  this room, that room? fuck it, anywheres better than inside  got too much time to think to myself, my thoughts butcher me so   love "
"i have nothing to hide, people   love  xoxo  love "
" love  i love to sing-a, about the moon-a and the june-a and the spring-a  i love to sing-a  love  lol, looney toons  laugh "
why do i keep getting ads for'lesbian singles'??? d:
"good night, world!  love  tee <propfemale>, i'm out   "
teeee <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!! i luvz me some coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee             love  love  love 
"almost done christmas shoppin'  love  tee <propfemale>, what a nice girl i am lol "
good morning and such    my brain is melting and my dog likes to be verbally abused   ?
"oh my ghandi, look at the snow  love "
"ooooooooh, the excitment!!!  love  holidays are weird  smile "
is there such a thing as an alpha+female???  love 
feeling a little nostalgic lately  missing early mornings and open highways and being honest and all that jazz  kinda miss being free and innocent  love  love  love 
"slowly starting to pull my head out of my a**, lol! i feel so stupid most of the time, but it doesn't mean i really am  time to start thinking with my heart and stop giving in to what is just and comfortable  work hard and live free  love  love  love "
"i want some tea, please     playful "
lonely and bored out of my mind  feels like i'll never leave this place   
"job huntin', baby!!!!  love  yea, this is goin' no where   "
"finally saw paranormal activity      and honestly people, it was not that scary  lol, but it was pretty good  i got scared-d-d a little bit, held my mommy's hand lmao  love "
"can't sleep     can't ever friggin' sleep     oh well, its not like i have anything to do     good morning   "
watchin ru <propfirst>'s drag race  love  love  love 
"still awake, yay    my eyes!!!"
"everything's moving so slow  and i've noticed when i start to care enough, things never go my way  why is that?"
"oh my ghandi, it snowed again!!!!!! aaaaaaaaagh, what the french!!!"
"*random* i am actually quite fond of elevater music, pass the butter? *donuts*  smile "
"yay, <propfirst> snipes is way more awesome than you  love  love  love "
"      i failed my learner's permit test, i'm sad  sad "
"men don't show emotion, except rage, because it takes strength to show soft emotions  most men don't have that kind of strength  they keep things inside  then they kill someone  - <propfirst> carlin  love "
there's a moment coming  it's not here yet  it's still on the way  it's in the future  it hasn't arrived  here it comes   sh*t! it's gone  - <propfirst> carlin  love 
"omg, if i hear one more thing about tiger woods, imma shove a driver up his yodel!!!"
"had a nice little walk today  bored now, i get so disappointed when i get home sometimes lol  need someone to <propfemale> out with for a c<propfemale>e, tired of the drama  love  love  love "
"can't sleep, like usual  bored-d-d-duh!  love  love  love "
"wanna e playful ress myself without soundin' too dramatic  pretty hard, because i am dramatic  can't blame others for not understanding, 'cause i don't get it myself  when are things gonna look up?  love  love  love "
"blah, boredom  sad "
why does everyone think i got it good just 'cause i'm home all the time? my misery is nothing but a joke and i'm the only one not laughin' 
"the caged bird's song has no worth if no one's around to hear it  love  love  love  rip off my wings and chain my feet, i'll never fly again   "
why? why?? why is it snowing again???
sssssh!!!
good night morning  love  love  love 
currently         kinda nervous        sad 
"not especially happy at the moment, now that everything's been said i guess  yea, i'm really scared  and really confused  what's my next move? i don't know   "
"oooooh, my mind is so restless  i don't wanna think anymore, just feel  things move a lot smoother that way  love  love  love "
"embrace the martian and pedo-bear we come in peace, tho he might rape ur peepz!!!!  love  love  love "
"k, i've lost interest -_-"
"guuuuuuud-byyye, facebook  laugh "
 love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love          ?
"oooooh, the air is so nice and floaty       like     eh   "
"where or who do i go to when i don't wanna be home and my only friend is f*cking miserable to talk to? my head hurts, i think to damn hard  i'm so tired, i can't sleep anymore   "
"finally, i say something sweet and genuine and it's actually heard and considered!!!! i luv my mommy  love  love  love "
"\it is very easy to think about love  it is very difficult to love  it is very easy to love the whole world  the real difficulty is to love a single human being \"" - osho  love  love  love """
"oh my ghandhi, thank everyone so much for all the love  love  love  love  i miss and love all of you so much  smile "
tryna gain 20 lbs lmfao!!!! let's see if i can pull it off  love  love  love 
"oh my ghandhi, why is my hair so friggin' long?!?!?!"
i'm so sad i really don't know what to do  i hate feeling helpless       sad 
my mind needs its rest but my dreams refuse to leave me be     love  love  love 
"dude, like, happy cinco de mayo  laugh   love  love  love "
this place has become a beautiful prison and walls are closing in on me  i'm the one holding the key to my cell yet i'm to afraid to use it  who is so foolish that they fear their own freedom?  love  love  love 
"i love when i finally get to lay down in my bed to relax, just to hear my dog lick his nuts for an hour and a half      blah  love  love  love "
"owwww, my friggin' spine!!!!!!!  love  love  love  ha ha, i think i've finally fell off my cracker   "
"razored my hair a couple of days ago, now i wanna get it braided      knowing me, i'll have a fit and start getting weird ideas      does anybody know how to braid hairz???"
"eatin' eggs and ramen, rawr  love  love  love "
"made some spagetti, and i'm not sharing!!!!!!!!  love  love  love "
"had fun today, i miss those days where i can sit around and act like an idiot  love  love  love "
"i miss having friends that would call me when they miss me or because they wanna <propfemale> out, not because they're pissed off and wanna fill me in on the latest bullshit  i'm sorry, i did care but now i don't  keep it to yourself "
"i just got left here, boo hoo  sad "
too few and far apart  love  love  love 
"why do i suddenly feel like the filth at the bottom of the barrel? i guess there's no escaping the fact that i will always hurt  and now i'm alone, great        "
why am i the only person in the entire friggin' world who's never busy???
who wants to runaway to new york with me?!?  love  love  love 
check out my 'stache!!!  love  love  love 
"eh, bein' sad and bent outta shape over this is really stupid  sadness is really overrated, hahahahahhahahahah!!! yay, i'm goin' senile  love  love  love "
goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood morning world  laugh 
had fun tonight!!!!! its nice to be surrounded by happy and loving people              its also pretty rare                  -_-'
"back on dat caffeine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if i keep drinkin' coffee like this, my damn heart's gonna e playful lode  laugh   love  love  love "
"why am i still awake??? blah, blah, blah      love  love  love "
had fun at the movies tonight with all my little bros!!! hot tub time machine + <propfemale> in wonderland =  love  love  love 
"i'm hungry, dammit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"slowly starting to think i'm thinking too hard\it doesn't involve thinking at all\just doing\feeling\ love  love  love "
grrr-ness  love  love  love 
"tee <propfemale>, i had a good day  love  love  love "
i think my brain is melting         
"finally passed my permit test!!! third times a charm, oooooooooh yeea!!!!  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love "
dream fo califoooornication!!!!!  love  love  love 
time to once again slow down on the coffee -_-'
"i like to strangle myself with my own hair  love  plus, it smells nice  smile "
imma kick my migrane's ass!!!  love  love  love 
"*funny people* was a lot more serious and somber than i e playful ected it to be, but it was really good    and over 2 hours     love  love  love "
"    i've been drinking coffee everyday for a week now    \i'm starting to think its time i slowed down a little lol  love  love  love "
gonna open my arms and spread em wide  i wanna embrace the masses and never let go! i'm wanna love the masses!!!  love  love  love 
"omighandi, there are so many things that made today super awesome  love  love  love "
goin' job hunting tomorrow        i mean in 8 hours  laugh 
i'm having an awesome week so far but now i think i'm coming down with a head cold      which means i'm gonna be a zombie for a couple of days      yay     love  love  love 
pause!!!  love 
"ow ow ow!!! i ripped my ear again!!!!!  crying \oh, the horror    "
"we all know why its raining   \because i've beenn looking forward to today way too much   \this sucks huge balls   \ sad "
"finally feel like things are moving along, learning to find love in small things  love  love  love "
"learnin' to <propfirst>, i'm such a noob  love  love  love   oe<):"
rawr!!! i feel a little accomplished today  gotta keep pressin' forward and i'll be alright  laugh   love  love  love 
"this is pissin' me off! the boys are playin' skate 3 and i wanna play tekken, they hoggin' the ps3 and i wanna play tekken!!! i wanna play tekken!!!!!!!"
nothing can ever soothe my soul and tear me apart like coldplay can lmao  love  love  love 
\here   \,c7e4f93c850b49628333cefe72c1c0dc,super hungry     sad 
"busy weekend, let us see how my week unfolds  laugh   love  love  love "
"about to play tekken 6 all day again  love  love  love \tired of bein' a noob  laugh "
        i have air freshener in my eyes @_@
"got my hair braided today, yay me!\it itches so bad  sad "
"pretty happy lately, i wonder how long this'll last     love  love  love "
"wow, imma be busy all day and i still find the time to stay up this early lmao  love  love  love "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaugh!!!  love  love  love 
dudedudedudedudedudedudedudedeudedu     dudedudedudedudedude!!!!
i'm sleepy     love 
i am wide awake  sad 
"screw <propfirst> sheckler!!! he's just a friggin' pretty boy, he's not even that great  playful   love "
lady gaga and <propfemale> don't care about my feelings  all they ever tell me to do is dance       crying 
"i'm so glad i have a family full of outcasts, misfits, weirdos, psychos, goofballs, screw-ups, rebels, and dreamers  it makes life worth living  laugh   love  love  love "
"i've scratched off a lot of things on my mental \to do\"" list but there are still things to be done  too many dirty dishes that aren't mine to clean and i'm not dealing with nobody's stupid drama  leave it at home     love """
"oh yea, and i'm not a damn liar  love \i don't play these stupid mind games  love \i will move on and leave you behind  love \have a nice day  love "
i finally got my 0g tapers through! yay me!!!!  love  love  love 
"dude, i feel so friggin' super right now  love  love  love "
"this kid is working my damn nerves  love \i'm nice cuz i was raised that way  love \but you got one more time  love \i don't like you enough to spare your damn feelings  love \have a nice day  love "
"today was strangely awesome!!!!!\remember kids, always talk to strangers  laugh \ love  love  love "
what did the ghost say to the porn <propfemale>???       booooooooooooobs  laugh 
"i ripped my lobes so bad, i am so not happy right now    now i gotta start all over     fuck  love "
"oh yea, i  love  migranes!!!!!"
"omg, it is official!!!! i wanna be a werepanther!!!!  love  love  love "
i'm sharing with the world tonight how stupid i feel  my heart is my greatest blessing and my biggest weakness  my mind is so full of wisdom and hurtful memories  my body is so beautiful and useless i make absolutely no sense  i am the ultimate paradox  love  love  love 
yay!!! my mama bear is finally home!  love  love  love 
 love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
"so much to do today     love \no inspiration     love \bummer     love "
"been bs-in' the past few days and completely forgot i had a week's worth of homework    imma bout to go into overdrive!!!!! well, at least i got to beat mass effect  laugh   love  love  love "
 love  love  love  spreadin' the love  love  love  love 
<propfemale> spektor is friggin' awesome!!!!! i  love  you!!!!!
"havin' a sleepy day      \wasted a perfectly beautiful day sleepin'      \oh well lmao, chimichungas!!!!!  love  love  love "
"why do i always get the urge to clean the house this early in the morning   ? seriously, what is wrong with me???  love  love  love "
"quietly waiting for daybreak   \it really sucks when you're the only person in the house can't sleep   "
"i never thought something like this would make me cry  i would never go outta my way to disrespect anyone  this is beyond ridiculous and i' d never try to hurt you  the fact that this has happened several times already is really mind-boggling to me  i'm sorry if you felt disrespected but this completely ruined my weekend  and after everything is said and done, if anyone should be upset, it should be us     "
"chivalry isn't dead  all these so called \good men\"" no one can seem to find don't want whiny girls with painfully high standards    just sayin'  laugh """
yay!!! finally got the rav4     now i just need my license  love  love  love 
uhhhhh           
"must    stay        awaaaaake!!!!!!!\uhhhhhhhh             "
i was compared to a ghost today  how so very pleasant  does that mean i can travel through walls and haunt people? let's try it out     love  love  love 
"i'm so huuuuungry      \uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh!!!"
halloween is so close yet i don't have a costume   
"oh yea, fable 3 is flippin' awesome!!!  love  love  love "
<propfemale> bones ache for something unknown <propfemale> fingers quiver at the thought  <propfemale> lips smile sheepishly with ignorant bliss  why am i so happy?  love  love  love 
blank
 love      its fuckin' cold outside      love 
"where are my <propfemale> red slippers?\i'll click my heels three times to find somewhere i belong   \sometimes life is a fairytale, but the happy ending is too far away  love  love  love "
"droppin' off the face of the earth, goin' to the <propfemale>     love  love  love "
its a pretty day today       love 
red bean mochi may be the most awesome thing i've ever tasted    ever!!!  smile 
"speak truth in humility to all people  only then can you be \                  a true man \ \                  -sioux proverb"
"what is past and cannot be prevented should not be grieved for \ \                  -pawnee proverb"
"wow people, really??? -_-'"
"good night, world! gotta busy day ahead of me for once!  laugh   love "
"something funny just occured to me    \i get duran duran updates      that's kinda random  laugh   love  love  love "
"sooo i'm online trying to find some cheap red wayfarers (you know, master roshi's sunglasses) and i found some for $130      bullsh*t!!! like i'm really gonna consider paying that much for a pair of plastic sunglasses that imma lose or break within a month or two      love  love  love "
hibernation time  love  love  love          
"i think its time for a new identity!!! i'm gaining a confidence i didn't know existed, i've just been struck with inspiration or something  love  love  love \i think its time for a change    first it'll be subtle, then it'll huge!!! i just don't know what it is yet   "
"heating up a bowl of mommy's friggin' awesome fabulous super yummy scrumptious soup!!!  love  love  love  oh yea, and it's really good btw  smile "
would anyone be interested in a small aloe <propfemale> plant lol? they come in 8 delicious flavors  smile   love  love  love  will post pics soon   
you know the worst part about having a really great day? remembering that you are a freak-of-nature that never sleeps and you get on fb and stare at a blank screen at 3 smile 0 am because you ain't got sh!t else to do and nobody else is awake   
"this computer has no cushion   \i can't feel my a$$   "
