e60bc1a8d7018102c5a131d285c66fcc
getting on a train to michigan   smile 
"raising havoc in holland, mi!  smile "
is home for half a day  had a great time in holland (missing you all) and is on to mexico!!!!  laugh 
is home  finally 
"'s last day before she starts working, two jobs   sad "
loves working two jobs  yay sarcasm 
did not have to drive to prosser today at 7am  yay working for federal government and holidays   smile  she does have a bears game tonight though   sad  but her weekend is open  
is happy   smile 
pumped her gas all by herself  second time in two years   smile 
team time trial tomorrow! love the tour de <propfemale>   laugh 
work in the morning  driving there at 7 
has work at 7 tomorrow  that means leaving yak at 6   sad  then the bears  it's gonna be a longgggg day 
"longest 3 weeks of her life, working every day at one job or the other sometimes both  sooo exhausted "
"longest 3 weeks of her life, working every day at one job or the other sometimes both  sooo exhausted "
does not have work for the next two day!!!
back to the work week   sad 
it seems like i just got comfortable with life and now i start all over again 
i think it finally hit me  taking down my life from my walls and listening to <propmale> chesney 
leaves for brazil thursday at 7am  holy shit 
packing all nighter  brasil in less than two days 
22 hours to brasil 
19 hours in the states  5 in yakima 
is in <propfirst>  leaving for brasil in 3 hoursish 
is now in brasil! i am offically an exchange student 
great second day in brasil 
started brasillian school today  hate waking up early (7am) but i am done by 1pm!
no longer wonders why she is tired when she stays up till midnight and then gets up at 6ish  oh well  who needs sleep?
went shopping today  and now i'm ready for a brasillian night on the town  on a school night   smile 
gets to skip school tomorrow to see the mayor!
"gone for the weekend to orientation camp, but check out my blog from the week  kelsmdix blogspot com  smile "
is now considered an inbound 
and it starts over again  eu amo brasil! kelsmdix blogspot com
got fingerprinted today!  laugh 
"new blog, read it if you have a couple hours  hahaha  kidding, it's not that long this time  kelsmdix blogspot com "
is peeved that pandora does not work in brasil   sad 
learned about the us today in geography  finally something i know something about 
thinks it rained all over the world today 
"i can't believe i've been here for one month already, it feels like years  haha  updating my blog later! beiiiiijos "
going to play some volleyball for the first time in what seems like years   
"brasilian opera with songs in <propmale>, italian, french and of course portuguese  plus songs about coffee, lettuce and radishes  best opera ever "
rode home from school on the back of a motocycle   laugh 
broken down on the brasilian highway with a flat tire 
another flat tire  2 in 2 days   sad 
first day of spring!  smile 
sunday fútbol!
futebol football sunday!
got stuck in a rain thunderstorm  on a bike 
praia esse fim de semana!!! beaching it this weekend!!!  laugh 
"has a busy day ahead of her tomorrow: gym, tennis and volleyball  had a great time playing tonight, but is very tired worn out "
best weekend yet! but they do all seem to be running together    smile 
"peixes são amigos, não comida   smile "
is constantly overeating and undersleeping  common problem among exchange students 
festa com violão e duas duchas!!! muito legal   laugh 
the lights flickered   and then most of brasil had no power 
gone to the beach for the weekend  ilha bela!
"is streaming apple cup live, just i don't miss the action "
is angry at <propmale> <propmale>  what kind of person decides daylight savings is a good idea?
"uma vez uma família, para sempre família "
pretty sure my thumb is bruised from bowling 
yet again broken down on the side of the highway with a flat tire  grand total now: 3 
first day of summer 
flat tires: 3  power outages: 2  oh brasil  
[enter your own holiday greeting here]
"yes, fan blades can cut your fingers  ouch "
leaving in 7 hours for a month long trip  soooo many emotions at the moment 
just because it´s waterproof doesn´t mean i want it in the bottom of the ocean 
around the halfway point of an amazing trip 
so your legs can get sunburned and peel 
loves getting christmas packages the day before my birthday   smile 
is feeling old 
"friday: carnaval in sambadramo, sunday: carnaval in the street, tuesday: carnaval in the club   best birthday weekend ever!"
first day of school tomorrow   sad 
is trying to kill herself by not sleeping much and exercising like crazy 
is sacrificing watching burn notice to watch the gold medal hockey match 
and then it hits you  
"nothing can ruin this feeling   the feeling of complete, immese happiness   laugh "
10am tomorrow 
i think i'm allergic to my house  
more brasilian than american: recieving 9 10 on my english test but getting asked if i'm from the state of paraná 
i don't believe this  i just do not have luck with cameras and capturing my year on exchange  ergggg!
"loves easter in catholic countries, no school tomorrow or friday  which means going out tonight!!  laugh "
guara  
sao pauloooo vs  santoss!!  laugh 
s2
the start of goodbyes 
finished with three weeks of tests so it's off to e playful lore the rainforest  amazon until may 10th 
"4am flights suck, especially when you go to the airport at 9 smile 0pm "
"9   : 1 (9 months here, 1 to go) going to minas gerais on sunday and then heading to the south until the 24th  (12 days till my parents come!!)"
sulll
25 more days to enjoy here   3 days till i get to see my parents!!
the last time i didn't see my mom for 9 months was when i was born 
beach for the holiday weekend  then rio on monday!!
on top of pao de acucar 
"here comes the last time, the start of every sleepless night, the first of every tear i'm gonna cry  here comes the pain, wishing things have never changed   here comes goodbye "
usa vs  england  while in brasil  home country vs  heritage  while in the soccer capital of the world 
"the more time i spend with you, the harder it is for me to leave you behind  s2"
brasil!!!!|??<?????>??|
sadly more goodbyes then hellos 
this is it 
is in the us 
summer solstice   smile 
"one more week on my \vacation\"" in yakima """
is going to the sports bar to watch brasil win  too bad this time i can't enjoy it with a beer   sad 
my last day in yakima starts now 
i can only say goodbye so many times in one year and be okay with it 
i'm cheering for germany and my mom is cheering for <propfemale>  could make for an interesting day in the car   all day long 
"has arrived in her new town: long beach, california   smile "
has a room in long beach!! two blocks from the beach   laugh 
"4  2  1  4 weeks since brasil, 2 weeks since yakima, 1 week on my own here in cali "
"dime-sized blisters, funky sunburns (from self applied sunscreen) and a brusied  cut up <propfemale>  all because i decided to \try out\"" biking """
avp tournament and my boys  it's a good sunday  plus <propmale> is back home!
"oh long beach, you tire me with endless amounts of stuff to do "
"iming you, hearing your voice, seeing your face makes it harder to be so far away  <propmale> leal, drii and robinhooo  i miss youu!!"
it's been a year  
got a 100% on a test naming all 48 contiguous states of the united states  the first in the history of my history class 
i can't believe it's september tomorrow!!!! and my first real (but outta league) college volleyball game!!!!
vou namorar com meu celular novo 
watched titanic for the first time in my life  and not by choice  haha 
"home from san <propmale>, and will back down there in 14 hours "
111 degrees in the end of september 
"cbs and fox have football, but nbc has equestrian!"
"new york, new york have placa   so we don't get lost and get f**k-ed  - primita -"
i feel like i'm back in washington with all this rain  
5 hours time different from you   annoyed 
stopped playing to ncis thanks to severe thunderstorm warnings 
heading back to the desert 
just got back from the oc 
glad i brought extra socks to class   smile 
"<propfemale> hills, bbl   smile "
6 horas é foda  os eua indo dormir e o brasil acordando 
i can still run under an 8 minute mile  success 
you know you're in socal when you get a christmas tree in shorts and flip-flops 
"gangs of new york, anyone got it??"
finals done  mexico tomorrowwwww   smile )
"left the beach in long beach for the beach in zihuatenejo, mexicoo "
"2007: feliz navidad, 2008: <propfemale> christmas, 2009: feliz natal, 2010: feliz navidad, 2011: ??"
"home, but on a different sleeping schedule "
