44ed68ef8f307b4fa68177b5ae02ccea
it feels like a saturday    hmmmm
party at bahama's      smile 
"\ you and me goin fishin in the dark    lyin on our backs and countin the starts where the cool grass grows\""  smile """
off work for the day    call to <propfemale>!
"\you and me goin fishin in the dark    lyin on our backs and countin the stars\""     smile """
yay for family reunions   
i smell t-r-o-u-b-l-e   
family reunion    then camping with the girls      smile 
camping in a storm    wat an adventure    back at it today  smile 
life goes on   
"   \hey boy do you mind taking me home tonight   cuz i aint never seen a country boy with tires on his truck this high   \"""""
    i love listening to the thunderstorms    
road trip     (possibly)      smile 
finally got texting       smile  tzt me
is really sunburned      ouch !!!
ugh    i really need to get away   
"hey boy, do you mind takin' me home tonight?   'cause i aint never seen a country boy with tires on his truck this high     i said climb on up but watch the cup that  i spit my dip inside    and hold on tight 'cause its gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride!!!"
wishes she could see parts of her future    hmmmm    
go packers    
go packers     i  love  <propfirst> <propmale>
you and me going fishin' in the dark    lying on our backs and counting the stars    where the cool grass grows    down by the river in the full moonlight    we'll be falling in love in the middle of the night    just moving slow    stayin' the whole night through    feels so good to be with you   
is <propfemale>    in love with thunder storms    !
working on the homecoming float in my garage    we dont really plan on sleeping     smile 
ugh   
loves her mighty <propmale>      love 
doesnt feel like being at home     hmmm    
has <propfemale>    much homework     ugh   
home from practice    now to the homework     ugh!
college apps   
wants to crawl into a hole for a very long time    
absolutely hates crying   !
trying to catch up on homework     ugh!
probably goin out    later  smile 
"will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this on your status and see what questions you get"
is super excited with all the snow      smile 
is really depressed about christmas and doesnt know why       sad 
off to the pool  smile 
sitting in an ice house fishing  smile  great way to spend the last day of break!
has the worst headache ever     auditions tonight!
my car is broke        sad 
getting to bed early    heading to antigo tomorrow!
it was <propfemale> nice to put my dance shoes on again        smile 
"is watching \charlie browns valentine\""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
is making a cake   
is in a horrible mood and just needs to relax tonight    tomorrow should be better!
questions her thought process sometimes    hmm   
doesnt want to go back to spash today!!!!
thank heavens for hot showers  playful 
needs to seriously start thinking about what to pack for <propmale>???
waiting on a load of darks    ugh!
<propfirst> + prom = amazing
"eople should understand, children with special needs don't have an illness; there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you be in the 7% who will, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week  thanks everyone! all children are special in their own way!"
finally done visiting colleges    now for the decision making!
showtime! showtime! showtime! showtime! showtime! showtime! showtime! showtime! showtime!
loves the fact that its thundering!!!
 smile 
has a fever of 100 2   sad 
off to work    yay!
cant believe there is only 8 more days of school!
life is way to complicated right now!
ready for the weekend  smile 
hasn't been this happy in a long time  smile 
done with high school forever!!!!!!
is out to lake <propfemale> with <propfemale>!!!  playful 
tomorrows graduation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
~ graduation day ~
had the most amazing water fight last night!
has worked over 50 hours so far this week and its only thursday    completely exhausted and still 2 more long work days      ugh!
"off of work today    first time in forever    so i slept till 2, it was great!"
cant wait for this weekend!!!
"poke me if you've ever had a crush on me, like this if you think i'm a good friend  message me if you ever wanted a relationship, comment if we had good memories   now lets see who's brave enough to copy & paste this on theyre status "
is finishing the wedding cake and then off to the family reunion    bahamas party tonight!
yay for summer vacation!
is in desperate need of a camping trip with the girls!
"hey!  lifes pretty good here, im just busy getting ready for the forth of july and then heading right over to hodag!  how about u?"
"just picked up my new lab top,,, yay!"
stale whales are officially the worst ever!!!!
"work in the morning, then off to the lions club picnic with <propfemale>   playful   txt"
leaving super early for up north!  playful 
sore from tubing    but <propfemale> worth it!
"\when the goin gets tough    the tough get duct tape!\"""""
i lost my car keys!  ugh
\ its better to have madeout and lost," than never to have madeout at all! \""  amanda \"44ed68ef8f307b4fa68177b5ae02ccea,just bought a new used car!   yay!
heading out camping tonight!
still <propfemale> much shopping to do before movin day!
"\ im blonde    whats your excuse!\"""""
finally moved into my dorm! just a few more things to settle in    hmmm   
done with class for the day! hmm    now what to do on a friday night? any ideas?!?!?    playful 
super frustrated right now and cant do a darn thing about it    ugh!!!!
waiting on the clock!  playful 
finally got her jar of milwaukee midget dill pickels open    thanks <propmale>!
saw a napa auto parts truck today and instantly felt at home!
just had the best day ever!!!   (yay for men in tight mini <propfirst> shorts)
"headache, sore throat, ear ache, and a complete feeling of just being hit by a train   great way to start the week!"
just got home from the er    diagnosed with a cold and sever ear infection! yay   sad 
relaxing before class    world religions    ugh!
"i live for the nights i can't remember, with the people i'll never forget!"
"thank you for not smoking  cigarette smoke is the residue of your pleasure  it contaminates the air, pollutes my hair and clothes, not to mention my lungs  this takes place without my consent  i have a pleasure, also  i like a beer now and then  the residue of my pleasure is urine  would you be annoyed if i stood on a chair and pissed on your head and your clothes without your consent?"
movie night!!!
never confuse emotion with action    you always get hurt!
finally hooked up her television after 3 weeks of class  playful 
"\maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself \"""""
"successfully went to waupaca, ended up in stevens point, stayed the night, now back in oshkosh    my gas tank officially hates me!"
finally has everything straightened out for midterms ! now studying!
"ultimate frisbee at 3-4, studying the rest of the day! ugh bio how i hate u!"
had a fantastic weekend    cant wait for next yr!
sitting in my dorm eatting venison jerky! thanks dad!
so theres two men sleeping in my room at home    anyone find this strange?
has decided that going out tonight is a much better idea than writing her speech  playful 
this 1 am in the morning and working on a speech really sucks!
"once again went to a hypnotist show and went under       my saying of the night was     \i want a man!"
"\ have a <propfemale> jolly christmas\""     cant wait for christmas! ive been singing christmas music all day  playful """
wow     cant really e playful lain the last 2 days     lol  playful 
"once had a delicious, chew rice crispie bar thats now hard as a rock    (tear)"
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  a nickname for you  8  challenge you to post this
packing for minnesota!!!!!!
"such an amazing weekend! screamed a ton, laughed a lot, and won some cash!!!!!"
i keep thinking its thursday!!!!  its totally messing me up  sad 
work is going by <propfemale> slow   10hrs to go    sad 
"turn the quiet up, turn the noise down \let this ol' world just spin around \i wanna feel it swing, wanna feel it sway \and put some feel good in my soul \drink a little drink, smoke a little smoke \\want a little more right, and a little less left \little more right now, a little less what's next \ \and just kick back and let the feelin' flow \drink a little drink, smoke a little smoke"
regular cheerios are just not the same as <propfemale> nut cheerios    never again will i stray away from thee       sad 
"i wish heaven had a telephone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that was nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and\days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake from which i'll never part  god has you in    his arms  i have you in my heart  re-post if you love someone in heaven"
"you tie the knot\when i'm at the end of my rope\you never stop believin' in me\when i don't know who i am\or what i'm supposed to be\i don't give you no good reason\but baby, don't give up on me"
33 degrees outside    not cool!
do u have any buttons on ur shirt?
officially helped change a semi tire this weekend       smile 
"stressed with the complexity of my life    why me? ive gone through about 10 paper clips in 5 minutes, ruber tubing and all    "
*tear*
i could really go for a body massage with a good movie    all while laying infront of the fireplace    smile 
time to take my exam    oh how i hate thee
"3 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom, i love you  10 yearsold: mom whatever  16 years old: omg my momis so annoying  18 yearsold: i wanna leave this house  23 years old: i wanna go back to mymom's house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: iwould    give up everything for my mom to be h   ere with me  post this onyour wall if you appreciate your mom  ?"
"it's after,3 in the morning and i'm wide awake     sad "
french fies and chocolate chip icecream    what an amazing start to my day!
completely unmotivated at the moment!
cant wait for the weekend    i need to relax!
97 2% on my exam!!!
oh how i wish i was at home sleeping right now
7 more hours of work    happy happy joy joy  sad 
3 25 more hours of work     the countdown is on!
dad + apple pie equals dad passed out infront of fireplace   lol
working on speech    due tomorrow morning!
speech due in 9 hrs and 10 <propfemale>  smile 
burrrrrrr     it's cold!
"god saw you getting tired\and a cure was not meant to be,\\so he put his arms around you\and whispered \come to me\"" \",44ed68ef8f307b4fa68177b5ae02ccea,my speech was successful for about half the class teared up    yay  unfortunately i was part of that half  sad 
so i've decided that the only reason i eat peanut m+m's is for the peanut    i could do without the chocolate
studing for yet another exam    
cant wait for this weekend! im gonna get a big one  smile 
debating on dying my hair     should i?
mt  dew before 9am     it speaks for itself  sad 
only saw a doe    heading back out later
sitting in the stand watching little birds      smile 
flu shot today    yikes!!!
im not chinese    therefore i dont and shouldnt have to understand anything chinese!!!! urg!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!  playful 
so loving my room right now! listening to country  playful 
is having a horrible time holding onto her phone today  sad 
pulled an all nighter    ugh!
one more week     i think i can do it!
"my head is spinning, my heart racing, my smile couldn't be bigger!"
chocolate pudding    life = complete
poke me if you ever had a crush on me    like this status if you think i am a good friend    message me if you ever wanted to date me    comment if we ever had good memories    now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status
i will not let u defeat me!
really hoping to have my own room for interum!!!
meeting with the bank this morning    cross ur fingers
grrrr     i thought christmas break at home would be pleasant    guess not! looking forward to interim  smile 
so i think i should prolly start some christmas shopping!!!!!
christmas at my house this year    oh joy!!!!
so ready for friday!!!!  shoping tomorrow with <propfemale> lewandowski  playful 
oh interim how i hate you
first exam done! yay for the weekend    bummer i have to work  sad 
<propfemale> excited for the weeknd   !
gonna make spaghetti n chocolate covered strawberries     and then for a suspensful movie!
3 more days n i'm free from school food!
officially has a horrible cold    one more day of class n then i'm sleeping for 10 days
back in point for 10 days!
prolly heading to minnesota tomorrow    if only it wasnt for a somber occassion  sad 
"just got home from a 4 hr drive, packing up again and heading to oshkosh    ugh!"
~schools closed tomorrow~
there is a mouse in my closet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
free valentines cupcake    check!
wide awake    thinking about tomorrow     could be spending my time much better sleeping
"it's brother's week!!! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you to no end, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are very proud to have in your life, re-post this to your status"
outlets broken in my room    fantastic!
figuring out details for next years housing! exciting yet stressful     laugh 
im gonna be an aunt!
goin skiing tonight with my girl <propfemale>!
nothing like a migraine on monday morning!
is freezing sitting in the lecture hall!
"is extremely stressed, confused, frustrated and a lil bit annoyed at the moment!"
wonders if she should keep something that she worked <propfemale> hard to achieve   
got a single room for next year!!!!!
i need ppl opinions     should i get highlights in my hair?
