94857aaef392e79e2000baf3fc78261d
you want my fucking respect? then why don't you show me some? i'm a fucking lady  not your damn whore  fuck you bastards  learn how to treat a lady and maybe you'll fucking get one  cod? yes 
is so sick and tired of being sick and tired   annoyed 
the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog 
"tip to reduce weight: exercise!\first turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right \repeat this exercise every time you are offered something to eat "
i wanna feel your heart beat for me instead  
"last week, <propmale>  this week, desperate housewives   love "
"your voice it chased away all the sanity in me  these wounds won't seem to heal, this pain is just to real  there's just too much that time cannot erase   :"
"baby why'd you leave me, why'd you have to go? i was counting on forever, now i'll never know "
"it's no longer a matter of \can things get any worse?\"" it's all a matter of \""how and when will things get worse?\"""""
is in the bathroom at <propfemale> garden and some lady just seriously just had to fart something out
"all my ex's live in texas, and texas is the place i'd dearly love to be  but all my ex's live in texas and that's why i <propfemale> my hat in tennessee "
go  away 
is looking for an endagered animal to adopt 
ughh  my tummy hurts  d:
"and if you were with me tonight, i'd sing to you just one more time  a song for a heart so big, god couldn't let it live   heart-broken "
"you ignore me until you need something  then you want to talk    pretty sure that's not how this thing works  sorry people, i'm all out of \favors\"" """
"\did you hear me get up and hit the snooze button?\"" \""uhh yeah  haha\"" \""two more snoozes and i'm in the shower \"" - <propfirst>  lol"""
ay-y-y  she just knows   she always just freakin knows!
"baby, if you're lookin for heaven it sure as hell ain't me  save yourself from the heartache, walk away   annoyed "
it's dangerous to care about me   heart-broken 
"\writing a paper is about learning to weave the bs \"""""
"hmm  i've got some things to think about, some decisions to make   annoyed   smile "
i can't wait to get out of northeast tennessee and make something out of myself unlike most of the people stuck here   smile 
i can show you colors that never existed  i've got substance   wink 
two hours and 11 minutes until kick off!  smile  go steelers!  wink 
"make the most out of what comes, and the least out of what goes "
i was more pleased with that first touch down that that terrible halftime show  now that's just sad 
"oh, and kudos to <propfemale> aguilera who fucked up the national anthem  i don't even care that much about <propfemale> and i'm not that stupid  i guess what's what fame does to you "
"from this moment on i'm changing the way i feel  from this moment on it's time to get real   smile  god, give me a map to send me where you want me  it's time i start to live for you and forget about what other people want  you're my rock   love "
"had a great day   smile  went to see the car i'm gonna get, got a phone call telling me i can go ahead and upgrade my phone, (which i think i'm gonna get my own account now that i'm legal   playful ) and had a nice date with mintu   smile  i'm slowly realizing my life doesn't suck   smile  (except for the fact my best friend <propfemale> <propfemale> catron has yet to find her phone, but we'll go on an epic quest tomorrow!  wink  )"
ooo wee have tew dew soogery! put peens in yewr ankle! seend yew home een 6 moonths!
i think i'ma go out for awhile   smile  text me 
homeee  playing mw2 with <propfirst> <propfirst> dresherl  cell's good   smile 
playing black ops hopefully <propfirst> switches his shift tomorrow so we can take <propfemale> out!  smile 
i hope i get the job!  smile 
yeah  pretty sure i'll never care about anyone ever again  i mean why waste my time putting so much in and realizing i was never cared about anyway 
if i don't do nothin ima ball   smile 
"left work early  maybe going out  idk  off tomorrow now, so who knows? cell's good if you wanna talk  if not then whatever "
can't believe  i have the car lol
totally diggin the being out on my own thing   smile 
just took <propfirst> home  cells good 
i think im just gonna run around a little while and clear my head 
if we loved again i swear id do it right  i wished i'd have realized what i had when you were mine 
yeah  i've applied for    11 jobs today? i'm going to bed   annoyed 
out  seriously   the same freakin table too!?
gym  cells good 
i don't understand 
"when you make a mistake and you can't fix it, i guess it's best to run away from it  right?"
"\hey <propfirst> whats the bake time for jew?\"" \""450 for 2 minutes until  we're charred\"" lol"""
"i shoulda said \no someones waiting for me \"" listen baby im sorry  just wanna tell you dont worry  i will be late  dont stay up and wait for me  your dropping out my battery is low  gotta go"""
my life is in the lords hands  not yours  i will live for him alone   love 
"eat shit and die  ily <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>   love "
ran into my boy <propmale>  it made me stop and realize how much i've changed in the past 8 months   i used to be such a hardass  then i let some stupid emotions take over and wus me out  i think it's time for a change   smile 
maybe i should look into an acting career   smile 
"i didnt really love you baby, i didnt really love you  i didnt really love you but i'm pretty when i lie   smile "
i don't fight  i don't argue  i just hit that bitch with a bottle 
going out with <propfirst> and then church with <propfirst> later   smile 
i wish i could rewind the past 16 months of my life and just hit play  i would do so many things differently 
thanks for the memories even though they werent so great  he tastes like you only sweeter   smile 
at the bristol medical center with <propfirst> and owens   smile  cells good
on the shuttle  fixing to head back from the banquet  this hospital is absolutely beautiful   smile 
doin burn outs in used cars with my cousin <propfirst>   smile 
doin burn outs in used cars with my cousin <propfirst>   smile 
"i take so much i have for granted  sometimes i feel like i have absolutely nothing and it's such a miserable feeling, but when i step back and really look, i realize god has blessed me so much, and i owe him everything i can offer   love "
getting my first <propfemale>! woo hoo!  smile 
tcb!!  smile 
i'm so tired    in every way possible
"<propmale> 40 smile 0-31 ()\30 even youths shall faint and be weary,and young men shall fall exhausted; 31 but they who wait for the lord shall renew their strength;they shall mount up with wings like eagles;they shall run and not be weary;they shall walk and not faint  #bible http annoyed  j mp fahj6b"
going to pick up my car!  smile 
"i just handed 3,000 dollars to a man in a purple shirt  that hurt  lol"
i am now the proud owner of a 2008 chevy cobalt   smile 
at my job interview  i'm so <propmale>
i feel like someone has shoved their entire arm down my throat and is trying to rip my stomach out   annoyed  idk
at work! cells good  i'm so tired  i love the fact school is out tomorrow!  smile 
what to do  
wow  seriously? get over yourself  you're the biggest hypocrite in northeast tennessee  i could care less if you killed over right now 
pretty sure i hate kingsport and almost everything in it
i love how my parking spot is out in the middle of bfe with all the rednecks  maybe i should just paint my car camo 
god give me strength to overcome my enemies 
freezing  on my way to northeast state  cells good
i just might die   annoyed 
i really wish people would grow up 
i'm standing on the edge and i don't know what else to give   annoyed 
gym  tanning  car off a bridge 
i don't understand how jesus christ gave himself for a group of people who wouldn't do the same for him  i just don't understand 
pretty sure i'm going to end up having a nervous break down at some point today
wow   
idk
"you'll always have a hole in your heart because you don't really care about anybody, and i have a horrible feeling nobody really cares about you "
two more days till spring break    i can do this   sad 
i shouldn't be surprised how many people don't know the difference between right and left 
yeahhh  going out  wanna <propfemale>? text me 
greater love is not a man  it's the one who gives his life to prove he would do anything for you   love 
hmm   i'm thinking about getting wings    idk yet 
"kiss me, ki-ki-kiss me infect me with your loving, fill me with your poison  take me, ta-ta-take me, wanna be your victim, ready for abduction   love "
i'm tired and i can't fall asleep  it's making me mad!d<
each day i wake up is a blessing from god   smile  going to work  cell's good   smile 
'cause every time i breathe or take you in my heart beats again  baby i can't help it  you keep me drowning in your love   love 
at the library  smile 
i've had a really great day!  smile  i really and truely love the people in my life with all my heart  the lord has really blessed me these past few days   smile   love  and for the 900th time i'd like to wish <propfemale> jones a great birthday even though she has to spend it at work!
sheww! idk why i'm up so early!! yo se voy <propmale> gimnasio!  playful 
the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly   love 
there's nothing like jammin out to the backstreet boys on your way to work!  laugh 
i really hate lame april fools day jokes  don't even bother 
"\oh my! you are just like your mother!\"" \""oh no! you did not just call me a stick in the mud!\"" bahaha  that's the best one i've made in awhile   playful """
"i've seen miracles just happen, silent prayers get answerd, broken hearts become brand new, that's what faith can do   smile "
"i've had a pretty good day   smile  i've played black ops for like the past gagillion hours and now i feel sick cause i just chugged a bottle of water  tmi? probably  haha  smile  yeah, now my xbox has like e playful loded and went on strike and i really hate waiting for stuff to load  <propfemale>? gone "
i'm seriously thinking about looking for an apartment when i get off tonight
ugh i am not staying here right now  i'm gonna go to the park or something hopefully the lord will help me sort all this out
i can't sleep   sad  i wish you were here   sad 
i don't understand why i'm craving chocolate milk i hate it plus i think i'm allergic bc it makes me sick
"when i found you, my heart found a home   smile  i believe god put you in my life for a reason, and i don't care how anyone else thinks, because i know how i feel, and that's what's important   smile "
are you gonna kiss me or not? or we gonna do this or what? i think you know i love you a lot i think we got a real good shot are you gonna kiss me or not?  love 
my knee hurts so bad i'm about to cry
