644bce5a0220a9f38f2d77f02852e65c
"is soooo happy the work day is over and the work week over half way, finally!"
"today will be better  it has to be, right?!"
is hoping the rain will end before the football game tonight  rival game @ river  jrhs vs  lbhs! go knights!
is at work and it is definately monday  my buddies are starting training today  i can't wait until they are out  i missed them dearly!
"is in a really good, bouncy mood today  no reason either  cool, i'll take it for as long as i can "
was so excited to get home at a decent hour  no football practice!! but now i am giveing a friend a ride home from work and she works til 8pm in roanoke! i'm sad now   
is ready for friday! this week has been way too much stress  i need a break and a stiff drink!
"is ready for bed  6am will come too soon  thanks to football games, i get up earlier on the weekend than through the week! that should be against the law! lol  smile  nite everybody! stay safe!"
"well, we didn't beat cave springs but the boys played a great game  i am currently missing the u of m game cuz i don't get 13 out here in the sticks, uhhh! but i hear we are beating nd soundly right now  woohoo!"
~ u of m wins! go blue! hokies won too! woohoo! lol
~ can i have one peaceful weekend? please?!
"man, these games can be addictive!! i have to go to bed  nite "
can't wait for the football game tonight  i think <propfirst> will get to try a new position on defense  we need a win!
"i have to give up my car for i don't know how long  it needs to be wet sanded and buffed  i'm sad, but it will shine when i get it back  yay!"
i'm on my way to the game  i have a feeling that i am going to freeze! maybe not  cheering can keep a person warm lol
so glad school is out mon and tue  gives me a good excuse to take some time off and sleep in lol  sunday night football is starting  gotta go!
"finally, friday! going to <propfemale>'s for a girls night  see ya!"
i am so ready to go home and crawl into bed  i feel drained  i better not be getting this bug going around work  i don't have time to be sick!
in a few minutes i will be free!! yay!
"people cannot drive! 55 in the fast <propfirst> of i-81? really?! i have a need, a need for speed lol  at least it's friday  everyone have a great day!"
i'm so sleepy  thank god it's time to go home in 14 mins!
happy veteran's day! thanks to all that keep us safe!
i'm off work for the rest of the week  fam's coming in from mi and tn so probably won't be online much  everyone have a safe and happy thanksgiving 
"the time off was much needed and so much fun  the fam is great  food, of course, was great  can't wait to see them again, hopefully over christmas  now back to work "
"day 3 of training class and i am losing it  i'm grateful to be chosen, but is it friday yet?"
can't wait for the long weekend to start  <propfemale> christmas everybody!
hope everyone had a great christmas  back to work tomorrow for the last week of the year  can't believe it's almost over  where did it go?
last day of work this week  what will i do with another long weekend? relax!!! lol
happy new years everybody!!!
pink  wink 
almost time for the basketball scrimmage @ cams  then more cleaning and laundry  just another saturday in the neighborhood  smile 
ready for a party with the girls  it's so long overdue!
back home  <propfirst> and i had a nice reunion  i didn't realize how much i missed him lol  i'm not looking forward to overtime  12 hour days! what was i thinking??
"working til 8 smile 0  amazingly, i'm not stressin it yet "
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> ---- love it!!"
had a blast at <propmale> e cheese's  maybe roller skating next weekend  i'm not ready to go back to work yet! 2 12 hour days coming up 
i hope i can't make it to work tomorrow  a long weekend would make everything better 
finishing the housework and then gonna watch some movies  any suggestions?
"brother sister week!!!!!! everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both! picture can be from when you were young or a current one! copy and paste this, and lets see how many people love their siblings!!!!"
we're up here getting snowed in and tomorrow nascar starts in daytona  then the superbowl in miami sunday  i'm in the wrong state! lol
"for one moment     think about someone special in your life who has passed     someone who has touched your life and made a difference  honor that person by copying this message and posting it in your status     remind yourself and others that, as long as we remember     they will live in our hearts forever    "
i can't believe <propfirst> haim is dead  i loved him growing up  so sad   
happy easter everybody! it is so beautiful outside  a big improvement!
"i sent some requests for friends for my son <propfirst>  he needs neighbors on farmville so if you play, please add him  he will help you out on your farm! thanks!"
finally friday! work then curves then     not sure 
home from the cam's birthday party  so much fun! finally got to meet some of the fam  <propfirst> can't wait to jump on the trampoline tomorrow 
i need some more help with my barn raising  please go to my wall and click the link  thanks!
"monday is over, yay! time to go shopping  seeing as how i am not a huge fan, the day will probably end in irritation  pray for me lol "
i just have to ask  does dish network screw up everything? i can't be the only person that realizes the company is total crap! imgh training please!!!
finally get to leave  i thought work today would never end  almost looking forward to housework when i get home   
"back at the \state\""  hope today is quiet """
can't wait for the long weekend  will i make it? not too sure right now 
let the festivities begin  work week officially over   long weekend   today is looking up! everyone have a wonderful and safe memorial day weekend!
why does it seem like we work harder on the weekend? especially when its a long holiday weekend?
too tired for this today 
another day of flashing lights?! it's not christmas people!
this is ridiculous! long weekends make for hellish weeks after 
"if i make it thru today i may just get to enjoy a \relaxing\"" long weekend  here's hoping lol """
carshow has been a blast  time for dinner and trophies  then party at the hotel 
can't wait for tonight  the official end of the baseball season  small rest and then soccer 
"i am loving this weather! not too hot, not too cool and occassional thunder and lightning displays  simply perfect!"
back at work  hope to goes by fast 
"is feeling depressed  trying to believe that everything happens for a reason  the reason better become apparent quickly though, i need a pick me up "
"pools aren't nearly as fun when they have no water  working hard, wishing i had a pool to cool off in lol!"
god bless the usa! hope everyone had a great 4th 
another monday bites the dust! yay!
"how many of us really know our fb friends? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me, no matter how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get!"
"i'm tired of trying to sincerely compliment people and getting either negative feedback or a wary response  i'm torn between believing i don't give out enough compliments so when i do the person is speachless, or people just having a hard time accepting them these days and or always think something is attached  i'm trying to lift your spirits and make you smile and i won't stop so, get over it   wink "
"good friends, good food, great racing! boogity, boogity, boogity!"
"we spread our open hands and he is rising up\\repairing all that's broken, look at the healing come\\we spread our open hands, forgiveness holds them up\\we're swept away by this\~flyleaf, swept away"
"inside, outside and rims on t-bird are spotless thanks to <propfirst>  tomorrow just gotta get packed and run some errands  can't wait to leave for the carshow and drag strip!"
"this weekend was great  the weather was perfect and the people and cars, as always, amazing "
back to work after a long weekend  i hope it is a slow day and nothing breaks 
first day of the 6th grade  when did he get old enough for middle school? all his teachers are great and the year is going to be wonderful!
almost home  soccer practice til 9 on mondays   boo!
leaving the house  not ready to conquer the world but hopefully able to conquer a tuesday at the state lol 
it's finally that time again  can't wait til 3 smile 0 when the michigan wolverines will start an amazing first season  go blue!!
"wow, tech looks like uconn in the michigan game  and that is not a good thing  pull it together hokies!"
"i thought they had it, but    too bad hokies "
i am beat  going to bed  tgtf (thank god tomorrow's friday!!)
"hail to the victors! the wolverines win again  we are on fire this season! woot, woot!"
i have an ear infection and was still going to work  now <propfirst> is sick  i guess i'm not supposed to make it to work today   
oh and that makes 44 points for michigan boys and girls! woo hoo!
botetourt flyboys are still undefeated  and <propfirst> made the last goal  woohoo!
"the choices you make don't just influence you, they influence the people around you  so put a smile on your face and choose to be happy  smile "
finally get to say goodbye to work for tuesday!
"and another michigan touchdown!!!!! woot, woot!"
michigan wins first big ten game vs  illinois 42-35  we're on fire!
good monday morning! time to do it all again people  have a great day!
i like it on the kitchen table 
don't take life too seriously; no one gets out alive ;p
"time to go home yay! now soccer, dinner, homework     i think that's all lol"
awesome night  dinner and monopoly and we are all still friends lol  that's real right there  can't wait til tomorrow  smile 
"its mommys week, copy and post the first time you became a mommy          august 3rd, 1998 3:53pm"
and again i'm a piece of sh*t wife and mother  why do i even try???
so glad it is finally friday  another day this week would have broken me for sure  do the freakin happy dance!  playful 
i hate paydays that end in me handing my whole check plus some over to my landlord   
"back at work  hope everything goes well today, i'm a little out of practice lol "
"i have had a rought day at work, but i still smile everytime i remember - pelosi is out  laugh   hahaha!!"
"going out with <propfemale> l  for lunch  we haven't been out in awhile, should be fun!"
"really, it's still monday??? i am so done with this work week already!!!"
going to bed early  nite fb peoples!
life is not the way it's supposed to be  it's the way it is  the way you cope with it is what makes the difference 
"happy thanksgiving everyone! hope your day is filled with family, friends, good food and laughter!"
"if the whole game looks like this, i'll be very happy  go blue!"
"finally friday! so glad it's here, can't wait for 5 smile 0  surprise )"
"<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope your day was filled with friends, family, food and presents "
"just went you think you have everything figured out and things are working, everything goes crazy once again  i'm so tired of crazy   "
"good morning fb! thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! i did have a great day, thanks!"
finally got the hi speed back  huge difference between 300kbps and 6mb! forgot how it felt to have a good connection lol 
feel like crap  so does <propmale>  not good 
congratulations <propmale> bayne! gotta be the best day ever winning the daytona 500 at 20 yrs old! wow!
great! now the voices in my head have started saying press 1 if you want to hear this message in english!
officially the weekend yayyyyy!!!!!
"think you can or think you can't, either way you are correct  ~ <propfirst> ford"
i kicked a squirrel in line at the bank because my family thinks i'm stupid anyway 
