191205e330c89fe4b4a767d07c2acbbb
tonight is not my night   
"went to nashville for the weekend, amazing  love you <propmale>! thanks for inviting me  wink "
"its strange that even when you know you know something, it always hits home when someone else comes right out and confirms it    just an observation from many encounters with this    but, life moves on, and usually it already has before this happens   "
someone revive my dead fish in fish world please  sad 
so i had to stay two hours late today and to top it off i couldn't sleep more than five hours and i woke up with a h a    i hope tonite goes a lil smoother   
only a week until i see my sis and my niece! cannot wait!
"ah, counting down the hours!"
<propfemale>ryone have a fun and safe new years <propfemale>!
pink
practice what you preach!
marriage is an institution     so is alcatraz
feels like she has a pinched nerve in her right ass cheek    or something with the muscle    it keeps spasming and shooting pains down my leg and different lengths    owie!
hail woke me up
i left my head and my heart on the dance floor *spoken w  vlingo - http annoyed  vlingo com
loves to be proven right
i (emphasis on the i) win
crazy dteams    more like nightmares   why?!? 
sleepy time
sitting outside in her pjs with a lot on her mind
lovely weekend
he kissed your hand!!!
big 2-4 wee!
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, it was a great weekend"
"just watched the kite runner, sad   "
wants a puppy
why is my body being so rebellious?! ugh   
"fm immune system  maybe i should have gotten that flu shot after all, bleh   "
48 hours i've been in bed and still ill
is finally out of her coma! yay!
idk why but song for pound puppies came into my head just now while cleaning out my closet
oh and pig pox    and why do i have papers from a japanese class i took?! i have a lot to recycle tomorrow!!
i must have went on a cleaning spurt due to being a slug for almost three days  but now i'm done!
"whoa, only 18 more days!"
"sleep evades me  uninterrupted 8 hours is not possible for me, even when i have the time  boooooo"
"hates how she can't breathe out of her nose, ah the pressure! bleh, sleepytime   "
sleep   
whoa! full <propfemale>
going nowhere fast
"we went to bed after midnight, so why am i awake?"
another reason for me not to like ku!! look what kind of crazies go there!! i blame the sports!!
beeeeeeeeach     
ten days and counting
seven!!!
sleep    a <propmale> to dream   
delete!
last day of work before <propfemale> beach vacation!! i def need this time off and away at a beach!!!
must take these contacts out   digoxin in eye not cool  
needs an eye dr appt now asap but i'm sleepy    so later   
ps six  now i think i will sleep   
"whoa, storm with hail!!"
five days   
movie time haha
"finally got my bb messenger uploaded, ack! curses to this apt and its finicky signal!! can't wait to move! but first, the beach"
completed all my laundry today  i'm hoping tomorrow i can find some clothes for the beach   
crazy sleep nonsleep cycle needs to fix itself before our trip!!
picking up my sis tomorrow and the next day is it!!
"laugh of the day: i actually walk in to e playful ress, and the gal who comes up to help me asks me what size i am, the asks, small? hahahah but she did find me a shirt, bless her heart"
"shopping trip four hours, now time for dinner and a movie   and maybe packing, haha!"
well i'm up
why couldn't this weather wait until after we left??
why the eff did my eye have to go and get a corneal ulcer before <propfemale> beach?!? eff that  sad 
"tomorrow, tomorrow, i love ya tomorrow, you're only a daaaaaay aaaaaah-waaaaay!!"
    but its taking so long! lol
"really wasn't excited about spending 75 bucks on my eyeball before this trip, and getting tired of these \taste disturbing\"" eye drops!"""
"leavin on a jet plane, don't know when ill be back again  actually the 17th haha  so excited to leave this gray weather!"
atl!
made it safely to <propfemale> beach!!!
its a beautiful day
"scrumdiddlyumptious <propmale> wonka bars, yum!"
even with lotion i still got a lil red  great day at the beach tho! gonna go out for dinner and then to a bar we got free passes while at the beach
"great day, beach, the best dinner ill ever have, and a night out at the club  three more days of this!!"
"<propfemale> crush martini, <propfemale> loaf bread and french roll, lobster bisque and bibb salad, ribeye and butter cream chive mashed potatoes, with samples from the chef and first taste of creme brulee, i hope i have dreams about it!! yum!!"
"amusement park today, then possibly some touristy shopping, then broadway at the beach!"
"ok so lunch at hard rock cafe, postponed amusement park to tomorrow due to crazy working hours, relazing on the beach and the condos lazy river  now time for some amazing leftovers!!"
"wore myself out to the point we stayed in last night and i passed out before 10! lol  but today, parasailing and the amusement park and hipefully out on the town again!"
"parasailing was amazing and broadway at the beach was fun, minus crazy people hitting on us lol"
"every day has been beautiful here, yay  smile "
sleepytime  sad we have to fly home tomorrow
"well vacation is officially over, just arrived in kci"
"dance nights in the garage equals too much fun esp with a couple drinks  ps <propfirst> hood, you can <propmale> me anytime lol"
lazy gray day  just finished a matrix marathon with <propfemale>
"wishes she didn't have to go back to work!! i need to win the lottery, not that i've ever played!"
can't sleep   gotta go back for my three days of work tomorrow   
"if anyone has an att phone they aren't using let me know, my sis needs one and we are willing to negotiate!"
corn nuts: sensible solution  what's not: eating the entire 4 servings along with a coke instead of going to get a real lunch  oh boy     smile 
"time to pay the big bucks to see the big lg!! goodbye savings!! lol, so stoked now   "
sleepytime   
why am i not sleeping
needs to start packing  but first   sleep
"i'm a hard girl, loving me's like straightening curls"
4 hour ea for my extra shift tonight  guess ill do some packing while i wait to see if i have to go in
"no work tonight but i still get paid i love it, and i need extrta cash for the move!!"
"owee, my back hurts, packing sucks!!!"
whoa rain!!
why am i awake so early ugh?!
show me your teeth  laugh 
"goodnight, time to sleep, must work tonight    ps, i love you    <propfemale>  laugh "
so ready to be moved! ah! so near and yet so far
"what is this, record rain week?! psh!"
ugh still awake and still have to drive home and work tonight! idk how people do this!
last minute packing! woohoo
"i should hate you the whole night through, instead of having sweet dreams about you    i love you <propfemale>!!"
"feelin hot hot hot    and sweaty, sticky, humid, blech!"
eff rain on moving day!! grr
never again will i move my own stuff  i will pay twice as much to have someone do it for me! i think i deserve a pedicure and a beer! or six!
the only thing i'm doin in this place tonight is making my bed and passing out! night night!
amazing what a bottle of ballatore can do for ya!
pulls her hair back as she screams
i must have a sign that says screw me over hovering above me cuz that's the story of my life  ps washing blinds sucks!
o m g    this night needs to end!
"well got my drink on with some my ladies, it was great to catch up! gotta get some sleep now, night night!!"
some days i suck at life    today is one of them
thinks i see the beginnings of a spider vein and that is soooo not cool
my sister just told me and <propfirst> that when she wakes up in the morning her nose is inflamed and she plays with it so it will look normal    o m g i just died
and <propfirst> just told us about her raper   
cannot wait til this month is over   
"needs new shoes, owee my feet are killing me!"
"gaga in a month!! can't wait to see the \astro\"" <propfemale>!!! woohoo!!"""
"making cookies and i didn't even lick the beaters! one small step for today, one giant leap towards one less inch in my waistline! *and the crowd goes wild*"
what to do today? probably should go through some boxes!
why am i already awake! hurry up tomorrow!
rain rain go away ps quit coming on my days off!
"after many a conversation, i have decided i will never get married bc there is nothing but selfish son of a bitch pigs out there    all i have is myself and my family    and i'm ok with that"
time for sleep   finally! night
ready to go home and sleepy! one more night!
don't look at me like that
finally goin to the lake house this weekend  then i'm workin 5 days next week  what was i thinking?! ha ha oh wellll   
good morning
"today i reaped the benefits of my extra shifts, two new pairs of shoes, for work, haha yay"
omg    gooodnight
i see the <propfemale> and the <propfemale> sees me
"it is so hard to wake up early when you work nights, ugh!"
so glad i got to see my friend jaki today!!  laugh 
"next splurge from extra shifts, new scrubs and preparations for lady gaga"
anyone interested in going to a royals game with me and <propfemale> next fri july 30th?
goodnight
"still dont know what i'm wearing to gaga, ahhh!"
work work work
seriously?? seriously?!
very excited for gaga and very excited to be going with three good friends!
"hey <propmale> you owe me 7 dollars, a hug, and a big ass thank you  and maybe a drink  and some bbq    lol  fill ya in later!"
"work, meeting, and now i'm on a commitee, oh boy   "
"time for sleep, mmm, night"
yay for the weekend! royals game tomorrow
ice cold lemonaaaaade! straight from the lemon treeeee!!
"yes!! 7-5 royals win in the last inning with a home run!! and fireworks, my belated 4th of july!!"
just got to our seats!! ahh!! so hot outside!
o m g amazing!! so worth it!! my camera lasted most the concert too!! great day!!
amazing concert last night! my feet are killin me but so worth it! today is the first day of the diet exercise! feeling good after some cardio! now to enjoy the day off to recoop
"day two of workin out, not bad    still habve a long ways to go!"
ready for a few days off!
"man, i resisted <propfemale> bars and megans grape salad, but when i came home from work and saw pizza i wanted to cry lol!! diets suck! which is probably why i've never been on one til now    but i didn't give in! go me! good night"
relaxing day off with interesting reading material!  laugh 
feels like a slug today   
more sleep   
things that make you go *#@$*!!!      grr
who gets to work this weekend? i do! oh boy! its ok cuz my sis and my niece are coming next week! yay!
"made it to day 10 phase two! lost over 5 lbs, yay! very encouraging"
wow its not sweltering out!
has never been so excited for a hamburger (thank you <propfirst> foreman!)
"yay good sleeping weather, stay away sun!"
i love life    cereal that is!!! mmm cinnamon   
going to the zoo tomorrow with my sisters and my niece!! hopefully no <propmale> rain   
zoo was fun except the heat! it was a good day  long overdue pedicure tomorrow yay  goodnight
"you know what's depressing? going out to a restaurant and realizing you can't eat anything    diet sucks again!! ps i found my planner, after buying a new one, how did i know that would happen    ok moving on   "
"<propmale> and busters today, good times  and just relaxing  now time for bed "
klee: where's mommy? me and beth: she's in the bathroom  klee: i better go check 
just saw three deer by the parking garage at the hospital   
worst   sleep   ever!!!
me so tired   
*i believe in a thing called love* thanks to all my romantic movies   
deer out in the hospital lawn again! i think ill name them next time i see them   
haven't seen spot or <propfemale> since  sad   time to make cookies and get ready for the game!!
"go chiefs! awesome first game (for me), they won!!"
"still can't believe its gonna take 6 weeks for att to be able to come out and hook up our tv internet    gonna miss the beginning of greys  at least we have season 6 to look forward to, sept 14th  and my book   anyways nighty night"
lovely weather the weekend i work lol  oh well  phase 3 of diet!!
"got my workout out of the way, now just sittin outside listening to the crazy wind blowin through the trees"
"yay to sleep, goodnight"
got my gaga gear in the mail today! thank you postman for not leaving it outside in the rain yesterday!!
aaaaaaand the power just went out  boo
so   the only thing left to do now is drink a beer!
"my niece k'lee is 3 years old today, happy birthday!!"
"ready for a night out, its been a while!"
"great nite, now time for sleep"
thanks goodness this night is over  now to go home and sleep
ugh time to get up already?? boo to this meeting   
tomorrow is another day   goodnight
"ugh i so wanna be a slug, but i guess ill go to the gym"
"found out i'm going to be an aunt again, my older sister told me she's pregnant  smile "
drinks after work is amazing!
good hair gone to waste! oh well    slug!!!
"after being sprayed with tonic water, i finally made mojitos, mmm"
it is quite possible i have lost ten lbs! woohoo!
great day for sleeping! goodnight!
had a good (splurgy) dinner with my dad and my lil sis
sleep  a <propmale> to dream   
woohoo good night i'd say!
"i love \coffee\"" and i love coffee! lol"""
i am now boycotting wal-mart! you will not see another cent from me!
bloody marys are a good way to get your veggies!
"mmm sleep, and off tonight and tomorrow, yay"
fish fry?! splurge! better hit the gym a bit more next week!
is oh so excited for next fri -- att uverse and internet! finally will be able to upload pics!
what are you waiting for?
"why can i not sleep? couldn't stay awake for a movie last night but here it is 7 am on a sunday morning and i'm awake, boo!"
"dishes done, laundry done, bathroom cleaned    and its not even ten    what to do   "
great workout to start a beautiful day!
"hates her blackberry right now, i cannot figure out how to print camera pics off of it, grr!"
shopping and now dinner and <propmale>
"clean sheets and new pillows calling my name  yes, i fell asleep on the couch before ten pm, lol, goodnight!"
"ok 1) i saw two turkeys walking on the shoulder on my way home and 2) i'm sorry but kcfd trucks with your lights on in the fast <propfirst> but going 10 <propmale> under the speed limit and cutting me off twice, and driving in the middle of two <propfirst>s, eff you, you obviously weren't heading to an emergency and suck at driving  with that said, maybe my bp will go down and i can sleep   "
"people need to stop having accidents, esp when i don't know detours"
great workout! now time for great food and fam!
moments of failure -- brought to you by me -- falling asleep reading an instruction <propmale> and not picking up your sister bc of it  sad  sorry!
"meh don't want to get up    hope this installation business goes smoothly    yesterday was a great day off, hopefullt this will be too"
"they say good things come to those who wait, but how long do i have to wait?"
"i'm so glad att is still not here! not only have i been waiting for two hours not able to leave, i get to wait longer!!"
"another call from att, the actual technician, telling me he just got the job and it will be another hour   "
"finally! this post is from my macbook, and my sis on the desktop! tv ready, cannot begin to e playful ress the relief that it is over and the excitement of not being in the dark!!"
sooo    me and my sister are technologically challenged    fail
why am i awake after less than four hours of sleep? idk but this calls for some benadryl and melatonin  
time to work it
"lazy sunday which consisted mostly of movies and house marathon and hanging with my lil sis (i love you, you dirty little smuggler lol!) now its time for sleep so i can work the next three nights  zzz   "
"*its not confidential, i got potential   *"
getting ready to go out!
sooo   just came home and the garage door was open   
power and light tonight! me and my sis got our costumes ready!
"anyone who plays family feud on here - i could really use he greek god gaia  i've already bought everything for like weeks and apparently i can't win it    so if anyone has an extra please please please send it to me, thank you  ps happy halloween"
been a while since i woke up this early on purpose
you know you're on a diet when    you are eating vegetables when you've been drinking
"if anyone on here plays cafe world and we are not already friends neighbors in it please add me, i need all the neighbors i can get! (ps i may be the only boring person that plays it haha)"
is crossing her fingers!
peace out!
<propmale> says sleep
mmm tyku
"can't sleep, making pancakes!"
"is thankful for my health, family, friends, job, and good food! and my 3 year old niece who called and left me a 'happy thansgiving' message  smile  and my next niece or nephew on the way!!"
my mom said pener    as in penis and weiner put together    oh boy
pie is amazing after a few   mmmmm
"ugh four hours is def not enough after a night at work, i already dozed off   yikes!"
ugh earlier i was passing out at 830 and now i've woke up every couple hours and just layin here awake now   
"cold gray day out, guess its time for a nap-ee   "
waking up at 5 am on your day off is soooo not cool   
nap time   
mmm nap time??? i'm thinkin so   
finally watching inception
no energy   early bedtime
"found out today that my older sister's baby is a girl, another niece, can't wait!"
sooo why can't i sleep? arg   
"it's official, got the tickets for the nutcracker, yay!!"
why do strangers have to ruin my day?
mmm early bedtime so i can finish some last minute christmas shopping tomorrow  so sleepy    night
this falling asleep early just to wake up 4 hours later inn the middle of the night is getting old   
"ok so i'm a complete moron and bought tickets for the nutcracker on a day i'm scheduled to work    seriously, who does that??"
sad she is missing the nutcracker    enjoy my ladies!
hallelujah! they overstaffed 8hsp and i'm going to the ballet after all!! peace!!
"<propfemale> christmas early to me, got the night off work and made it to the ballet on time and thanks to the man who let me park without paying! everything worked out and i'm in a much better mood!"
<propfemale> christmas bc i'm up at work! hope everyone has an enjoyable and safe holiday!
is this a full <propfemale> i see? that e playful lains last night   
pie for breakfast? i say yes!
so full if chili and cornbread   and i just found out my friend would do <propfemale> palin   ew   moving on hahaha
just saw geese and turkeys while leaving work
i missed you so zyrtec! one night without you and i was falling apart!
is about to start season one of spartacus
ugh i'm gonna need some ibuprofen after all that shoveling    and on that note i think ill take a nap before work   zzzz
"ugh my body feels like it was pummelled in my sleep! really not looking forward to more snow shoveling! at least i finished spartacus, mmm <propmale> whilthoit"
"ready to be offf work, think i'm gonna try to get an appt with a dr, bleh   "
i need good vibes for my older sister and her baby  she is in the hospital  please keep her in your thoughts 
on my way to sc to be with my sister
"so far i have passed a drug search stop, a billboard saying 'never shake a baby,' and a road sign for falling rock (that's comforting to know, not!)"
has officially been awake for 24 hours now
update: made it to sc in one piece  so far the baby is staying put and healthy  taking it one day at a time  please continue to keep them in your thoughts
"so contractions have returned and the baby has moved down and 4 cm dilated so it appears the baby might come after all, she can't make up her mind  here's hoping everything goes as well as possible"
watching my niece makes me realize i am not anywhere near ready for children   at least not 3 year olds
"makayla <propfemale> <propfirst> 26 at 2300, one lb eight oz, dr said she is stable at this time in the nicu"
went to see makayla again  she is doing better than e playful ected  she had a blood transfusion last night and has not needed bp meds yet  she is still on the ventilator but does not need supplement oxygen and is trying to breathe on her own  the staff said she is in her 'honeymoon' period and the next few days are critical but as of now she is doing well
makayla is under bili lights now but still doing well otherwise
<propfemale> will be discharged today and makayla is still doing well  ultrasound showed no bleeding in her brain and she will be getting a feeding tube today so she can get her gi tract working  36 hours and still going strong! keep praying for her!
"5 hour energy, blasting the ac, and jamming to lagy gaga"
made it home safely thanks everyone
"so makayla had her second blood transfusion sat, her vs are good, and she is tolerating her feedings  most important is she is well past the 48-72 hour <propfirst> and hasn't had any <propmale> complications  so now we just keeping taking a day at a time  keep praying for her, <propfemale>, and her family  thanks!"
"makayla update - she has had another blood transfusion  the drs say this is common bc they have to take so much blood to test it that they usually have to replace it  she is also back under the bili light, but this is also common after getting the blood  vicious but necessary cycle  the drs also heard a heart murmur so they are giving her meds to fix it  but momma said she is still doing fine otherwise! yay!"
so excited i made it home for the blizzard   
woke up earlier and still can't sleep grr   
"thank you dad and lil sis for shoveling the driveway  now i can sleep in my own bed, yay! goodnight"
ready for a couple nights of relaxation = sitting on my bum not doing a thing
"my sister told me makayla opened her eyes for the first time today! wish i could have seen it! her tests still show no bleeding or abnormalities in her brain, yay!"
"makayla update - she is on a diff ventilator, got a picc line placed yesterday, and is now 1 lb 13 oz! and <propfemale> sent me a video where she opened her eyes! sooo cute! so she is still doing great, keep prayin!"
could really go for a positive change in her life right about now   
this old woman is going back to bed   
<propfemale> said makayla has a staph infection  sad  (i officially hate staph)  please keep her in your thoughts prayers!
"thank you for my 4 hour ea, but please make it a 12!"
just heard the new lady gaga song! can't wait for the next album!
"so much for that, gotta go into work  "
"makayla is 1 lb 14 oz, she is eating well, and they took her out of the humidified isolette today  <propfemale> said they are hoping she hits the 2 lb <propfirst> this week! yay makayla!"
"<propfemale> just told me the staph infection has mostly cleared up but now makayla has pneumonia and she's having a bad day, just looking wimpy and her heart rate went low for a bit  she's on antibiotics and other meds and getting blood  please pray for her!!"
just made some sesame chicken and fried rice    mmm    hungry girl recipe so i don't feel so bad about it!
mmm spumante for dessert   
i'm on the right track baby i was born this way
lil makayla is still fightin pneumonia but is doing well otherwise per mommy  and she gets to eat again! so glad  smile 
"so i just ran into this show, my strange addiction    whoa"
i need some ______ healing
"i need sleep, goodnight!"
not excited about hwys being closed and standstill traffic  just wanna be home!
makayla is still goin strong  <propfemale> said they are continuously feeding her now  she is really active so they are giving her a powder supplement in the milk to help her get more calories gain weight  she is up to 2 lb 2 oz  pneumonia is clearing but still working on that  keep her in your thoughts prayers!
"you know what i may not have a man but i have myself, my friends, and my family  so i don't need you to feel better, its just an option"
makayla is off the ventilator today! she is on a cpap and doing well! yay!!
can't sleep booooo   
"makayla is doing well on the cpap, only 25% oxygen, still eating well and is 2 lbs 5 oz, she will be 6 weeks tomorrow (29 weeks total)  she is doing great and still very active  <propfemale> heard her cry for the first time too, yay to being off the ventilator!"
lil makayla is now alternating between cpap and nasal cannula! 2 lbs 9 oz! <propfemale> is so excited (as am i!) one more step closer!
"makayla is 7 weeks old (30 weeks gestation) today  2 lb 11 oz and 14 1 2 inches long  <propfemale> got to hold her for the first time last night, finally!!"
"makayla hit the 3 lb <propfirst> today! she is still doing very well  she switches from nasal cannula to cpap every 9 hours, but <propfemale> said she fights the cpap bc she likes the cannula better lol!"
"melting pot was amazing, now time for opera"
today was a good day  now goodnight 
"glad i have a couple days off! but first, sleep"
makayla is still doing great  <propfemale> said she is on nasal cannula all the time now and she has been moved to the intermediate section of the nicu  she is 3 lbs 8 oz as of now and was 8 weeks old last wed (31 weeks)  <propfemale> said a nurse told her she might get to go home at 36 weeks  can't wait til may when we get to go back out there!
"had a much needed day of relaxing as well as an amazing pedi  headin to bed early, working an extra day shift, gotta make that money! night!"
"i guess i'll try to go to sleep like normal people do at night! maybe i can enjoy my day off tomorrow fully rested! haha, goodnight"
ugh why am i awake?!? bc my body knows i have an early meeting?!? ps does anyone know of something that gets rid of onion smell from your hands?!? multiple washings isn't doing it and its been a day or two!! its starting to make me nauseous!!
i hate mornings
"no hashbrown caaserole this morning, how depressing!!"
i just woke up from a disturbing dream where all my teeth were falling out    makes me want to brush floss and rinse right now! but i'm still sleepy too   
baby makayla is now an even 4 lbs!! that brightened my night day! now hopefully i can sleep without weird crazy dreams   
today is a great day    now time to sleep
"all the noise, all the voices, never stooooooop!!  love  metric"
"<propmale> out with my mom and <propfirst> earlier, good times, and now chillin with my sis, haven't got to do that in awhile either, yay"
"man idk what the deal is, if i'm eating or drinking something weird before bed or what, but i just woke up from another freaky dream   "
makayla is 10 weeks old today  4 lbs 3 oz  still eating well and on nasal cannula  she has an eye dr appt tomorrow and depending on that she might have to have laser surgery on her right eye  please continue to keep her in your thoughts prayers 
"4 lbs 5 oz and no surgery as of yet, another eye dr appt next week "
seriously?? seriously?!?
"gets to leave work early! too bad its 430 in the morning lol  oh well, more sleep for me!"
i was just chased by chickens    i'm sure anyone who saw that had a good laugh
"my 25th bday is the 18th, going out fri to pnl, sat possibly voodoo, anyone is welcome to join! ah halfway to 30, what's a girl to do?"
did not miss the sound of lawn mowers and weed eaters   ugh   
whoa! wind!
just witnessed some sort of e playful losion that caused a power outage
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! now    i must go to work, how exciting! lol"
can't sleep and still no tv internet    this week has been exceptionally bleh for my bday   
royals game with all you can eat seats    yeeeeesssss!! rain won't stop us!!!
"well, all of a sudden our internet and tv started working again  been out for over a week and when the att guy came out he said it was something he couldn't fix   and now it's working    so who knows, but i won't complain! just hope it's permanent!"
"place of birth!!! everyone please play    it will be interesting to find where all your fb friends and family were born   copy and paste, and at the end, put where you were born       killeen, texas"
i just accidentally stuck my finger in the middle of the ham bone   sooooo grooooss!!
"stuffed and sleepy, night"
baby makayla is now 6 lbs 1 oz!!
finally got a new car  well technically tomorrow  so glad the search is over!
received our first donation for baby makayla 4-29-11  what an amazing feeling! and i donated to march of dimes (which i can't participate in this year due to work  sad  boo) thanks to <propfirst> wood's awesome craft-iness!
baby makayla is going home this week!
two more weeks until vacation and second south <propfemale> trip only this time with dad and <propfemale>  can't wait!
this is the only pic i have of my mom on here  it's old but it'll do!
"someone had posted the commercial about bubbles with kittens in them, i finally saw the commercial and totally had ice cream cake today, mmm"
"what a great day, goodnight"
ok so i try to be a responsible person and pay my car tax and look belton closed for <propmale>'s bday  is that even a real holiday or w e?? psh
ugh just had to write a check for $1833 92   
"feels blessed, and i don't usually say that! received our third donation today, and 67 people viewed my website! great way to end the night  time to get some sleep so i can work that extra day shift, then my three night stretch!"
   today i don't feel like doing anything   
"trying to nap in my car, not working"
that was def not worth half a days sleep    but what can you do? nothing   
this is gonna be a loooong night   
"well finally some good news, i get to go home, hooray"
"toe cramps are the worst  well maybe not the worst, but still"
can't sleep   sometimes i dislike my night schedule
"could switching to geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance? those commercials crack me up, and i think i just did! $432 vs $608 with the insurance provider i've had for over 3 years! and the exact same coverage  take that!"
"goodnight, time to get some sleep so we can get on the road early  hope the weather clears up by then"
another early morning  today has to be a better day 
made it to <propfemale> safely by 1230
really enjoying the family time vacation  beach tomorrow 
"fabulous day  good company, good food, good times  goodnight"
"supportmakayla weebly com, check it out if you haven't already! updates upon return to missouri"
doesn't wanna leave tomorrow  really have enjoyed this time off and away with my fam  don't want to go back to reality   
sleepin in nashville  back on the road tomorrow  goodnight 
finally got home at 6 tonight  tired of being in a car  i'm so flying from now on (and i hate flying) 
goodnight  time to go back to reality tomorrow   
supportmakayla weebly com
goosfraba   
sleepy   
"needs new work shoes, owee"
"if i waited for people to do their job correctly, my car would never get fixed    woo-sa"
i am having a great night off  i just want everyone to know that! ps i love you <propfemale>!  smile 
finally saw the new x-men!
good night with the sis  smile 
"supposed to take the car into the shop today if the car rental gets ok'd, if not then tomorrow, finally    ps must have jinxed myself bc i have to work tonight and guess who decided to mow   "
so ready to be off work and get this car in the shop!
"so the car is finally in the shop and i must be spoiled bc i can't stand this <propfemale> soul, blech  good thing all i'm doing is working extra the next couple weeks  and now, goodnight"
just heard some vomiticious news lol
"slept three hours, been awake the past hour and a half  this extra day shift is gonna be rough   "
its probably a good thing i only have one <propmale> light lime in my fridge    but it sure tastes good after a day like today   
"overcome by sleep for the second time tonight, but this time i'm givin in  goodnight"
one more night!
"i finally got my baby back, and she looks great!  laugh  (just to clarify, i'm talkin about my car  no more <propfemale> soul!!)"
"i'm starting to get annoyed with people who work a 9-5 and can't leave a message when asked by someone who works nights  or work a minute later than when they are supposed to to get things done  but w e, don't be placin blame on me!"
well i'm gonna enjoy my holiday weekend one way or another!
"i like the fourth as much as any other person, but i don't understand how so many people can be shooting off fireworks in my neighborhood  the way my luck is, a bottlerocket is gonna send my duplex up in flames  and why do complete strangers feel they have to ask if i have big plans? mind your own business and let me buy my groceries or gas or w e without feeling like i have to <propfemale> a conversation with you "
"so give me something to believe, cuz i am livin just to breathe, and i need somethin more to keep on breathin for, so give me somethin to believe"
"at sunrise, the black fortess, will appear, in the iron desert!"
"happy fourth  and now, i sleep  goodnight!"
my jaw is killing me  i need a dentist asap 
"curses to whoever threw my lunch and tupperware container away  seriously, could have waited a bit  perfect ending to a fabulous night-not"
i want a girl with a short skirt and a loooooong jacket  ps stand still traffic? gay
muse-undisclosed desires-awesome!!
i love being out in the mornings to see the sun come up
"finally went to the dentist    cavity #2  sad  and he confirmed i am grinding my teeth which is most likely why my jaw has been bothering me  so night guard it is  have to schedule my next appointment, but first, to call my insurance  oh joy  but still a good day  hopefully it stays that way!"
this waking up multiple times and way too early is getting old   
"so i started a free trial of netflix and so far i'm not impressed  i wanted to watch it thru my wii and they don't have private practice, <propmale>, and numerous other tv series i was looking forward to watching    and i just heard they will be increasing prices  not sure if im gonna keep it now or not   "
is getting very angry that my eyes seem to be rejecting the use of contacts all of a sudden since i've been wearing them si hs  i wore them one night to work and they were so stuck to my eyeballs i almost couldn't get them off and now it has irritated the right one again  i very much dislike glasses as every day use 
everybody wish me luck
mental health day    ps i wish i had an alcoholic beverage right about now   
"needed a pick me up, gettin my hair done!"
"not a lot of sleep today, early bedtime for this girl tonight!"
gotta celebrate my stretch off with a good sleep! night!
"why am i awake? oh yeah, bc i slept all day yesterday and all night   guess i better get up an be productive"
i hate riding with other drivers  and other drivers in general  just fyi!
had a good weekend at the lake  extremely exhausted tho  time to crash  night fb
h-o-t hot!
too bad i work the one weekend its not over 100 degrees! it feels so nice out compared to what its been
"tut tut, it looks like rain"
ok so i just woke up out of a deep sleep to some crazy sh!t  hopefully i can get some more sleep or this is gonna be a long night   
"you know how they say you shouldn't go grocery shopping when you are hungry? well you shouldn't go shoe shopping after being on your feet for 12+ hours  this may not be the most exciting tax free splurge, but i got 4 pair of tennis shoes and 1 pair of sandals for < $200 00  my feet will thank me at work next week  now it's time for sleep since i've been awake since 2 pm yesterday  night!"
man i just slept for 12 hours  probably bc i only had ten in the past two days  now time to enjoy what's left of my day off 
why won't this headache go away? bleh   
time to get some much needed sleep and enjoy a much needed weekend off  ready for fam time at the lake 
"goin to the lake, no service, gotta enjoy the weekend cuz next week i'm workin 5 days (weekend included)  everyone have a good weekend!!"
"mr sun, please stop waking me up in the seven o'clock hour every morning  thank you  ps, had the most messed up dream i've had in a long time  bleh "
i dont like mornings!
four hour ea
"ea for the rest of the night, yay"
25 days til chi-ca-go!
midnight cleaning complete  need a new vacuum tho 
just booked our hotel! ahhh!
that just happened
man my allergies are really actin up
i'm 4 weeks and craving <propfemale> jello (what a bummer i got stuck with jello instead of reeses or something)
"up 7 am yest, three hour nap, and here it is 7 am again  now time to sleep  benadryl melatonin here i come!"
one of them nights
why does my body insist on waking up multiple times? ugh  sleep!!
4 hour ea  ill take it 
"12 hour ea already  again, i'll take it "
"too late for a nap, too early for bed   "
new phone  text or message me your name and number  thanks!
hey all new phone sim so text me your name number if you want me to have it!
2 5 hours of sleep  awake 2 hours  too late for benadryl  this is gonna be a long night if i don't get back to sleep   
why can't i just sleep?!?  sad 
this luggage for vacay is ridiculous! but a girl's gotta be prepared!
time to get some sleep so i can be up bright and early to head to chi-ca-go! vacay with my girls  hoping everything goes smoothly  keep us in your thoughts!
ok we made it safe and sound  but traffic? oh boy  no more driving for me!
"first day of sight seeing down  we walked (p<propmale>ially in the rain) to the <propmale> institute  <propfemale>, <propfirst> gogh, picasso, and more  toured the <propmale> tower, which had glass floored areas, crazy  survived my first city cab ride lol  enjoyed an amazing dinner  now to relax at the pool hot tub  gotta get rested tomorrow!"
you know you have a great friend when she will perform surgery on your toes (i e  <propfemale> just popped my blisters)  now that's love lol!  laugh 
"i just slammed the door into my toe, so what was a semi drained blister has now been not only opened but dug deeper  hideous!"
the countdown begins  many great plans for today!
"and on that note, goodnight!"
"yesterday was another day well spent  sirens sessions in the morning, afternoon snack of chicago hot dog and cheese fries at portillo's, enjoyed the fountains and parks and window shopped a bit, dinner at buca di beppo, then out on the town at excalibur  hilarious dj's and mostly good music  today we are heading to the aquarium  have to skip the zoo due to weather  sad  then dinner in the hancock tower at the signature room on the 95th floor "
"filet <propfemale>, african lobster, whipped potatoes, green beans with pecans and bacon, and to top it off, white chocolate panna cotta  heaven!"
chicago deep dish pizza at uno's  yum! couldn't even eat the whole individual size pizza lol 
"up and getting ready to get back out on the road  sad vacation is ending, but it's been fun while it lasted "
"home, safe and sound"
sleeeeeeepyyyyyyyt
about to murder facebook  i've never had this much trouble with photo albums before!
so glad i slept the day away   not! oh well   
why can't i sleep this good on the days i'm supposed to work? hmm    oh well 
sitting at home on a friday night    boring! but this girl is broke and unmotivated  guess i'll be picking up some extra shifts here pretty soon!
just turned on gaga and now i'm in the mood for a dance party! hmm   
"just put a roast with potatoes, carrots, and onion in the crock pot  mmm, can't wait  but now back to sleep for a couple more hours   "
"ugh, woke up with a headache and nauseous (and no, i wasn't out drinking last night, i worked  this is legitimate, haha) bleh"
