4818d31980dd267ea1ce3bc0ff67ed89
time isn't wasted when your getting wasted
this is how normal people feel after drinking    this sucks
is bored   
about three that's my plan  keepin' steady
downtown is hella fun  i live down here and have no complaints  when do you go back to school? where are you working   i work go to class party  the normal stuff 
"apparently like to strip sheets, pillow cases, blankets, himself, and anything else within reach during a good nights sleep   "
as been bailed on  someone should come swing dancing with me tonight 
thinks his computer is getting ready to die  sad 
getting drunk and going to club 21 to help pimpin with her crush on the dj    yay drinking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has a cramp in one of the most unbearable places on the body
there's only half a handle of soco left  monday <propfemale> overs means that the weekend was good to fucking end
interview!!!!!
 annoyed 
"they say imitation is the highest form of flattery, but i dont plan on resting on the 7th so does that mean i'm surpassing the master?"
i need more sleep but dance class is calling  i have goals to achieve today  but after class (10pm) i'll be bored lets do soemthing
is in a <propfemale> of self discovery  all things found are good  where there found seem to be bad though lol
30 hours later pimpin' has almost finished her initiation into the big kids world   
not ready but needs to 
senseless video game violence and nerd convo's always make me feel so much better 
just a little bit
zombieland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and funness for the whole night hehehe
travares's facebook lawlz
come to club 21 tonight!!!!! it's 18+  if you rsvp the cover is cut in half  rsvp and meet us for abomb night  http annoyed  sanfrancisco going com event-673214;risque_w_tenderlions_mike_diamond_b-day_bash?recipient_email=travaresd%40hotmail com&src=v_i_sfo_91009_1cekydj7chfog
i should have napped on break  f it  pumpkin carving tonight!!!
wants foooooddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!
found the perfect pet in la 
i want one now!!! come to me ferrah come to me jiminy!!!!!!!
is ready to be done with class so i can go play with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!
is such a sap sometimes   
i'm finally awake and ready to party
i hate being bored and stuck at home sick grrrr!!!!
pumpkin cheescake whoop whoop!!!!!!!
is homeward bound with notta to do    yay!!!  annoyed 
why do i have 62 farmville requests?!?!?!?!?
hates the stupid ass people who ruins downtown for everyone else   
ive been in the same spot for hours  i think i'm just fine without internet i get to actually see people and do things
its time start the partying mwuhahaha
its time for a celebratory drink!!!! saints!!!!
naughty gras!!!!!!!!!!!!!
babysitting on a sat  night  sad   please someone save me once i can leave here
omg i cant sit here anymore how the hell did i ever stay around a comp this long when i had internet  guitar hero brawl here i come
finally off!!!! lets do something!!!
out and about hit me up if you want too <propfemale> out
freedom!!1
hot tub time machine  round 2!!!!!
took a lil nap now its time to get ready for club come to tre' 
to rancho!!!! (after a lil nap)
my mom is sending me to take a nap  annoyed   thanks mom for making me feel like im 5 again 
is now free!!!! its time to party hit me up!!!
"why is a <propfemale> the animal for easter? and why does it lay eggs? if it had to be a egg laying mammal why isn't the easter echidna or maybe the easter platapus, since those are the only egg laying mammals  happy easter may a mutated rabbit visit ur homes and leave colorful chocolate suprises in places you wouldnt normally look smile "
is not really feelin it 2day  annoyed \
what is there 2 do on a tuesday night in sac?
tuesdays at old ironside is crazy fun especially if ur with someone who knows everyone in the place
clash of the titans!!!!
"its friday!!!! like my cuz said \decisions decisions options options    life \"""""
why am i still up?!?!? grr
2nd sat anyone? if your going text me ill be floating around
why is it that i dont sleep at home but i can sleep in the smallest most uncomfortable chair at work  sad 
"<propfemale>, gutar hero, juice, hostess cakes and the pic!!! wanna join?"
you can't spell fantasy without n a s t y 
lipstick 2night?
to happy hour!!! if anything's going on latter tonight hit me up via text!
bislas 2night!!! be there
8 solid hours of drinking and no <propfemale> over  and what am i doing 2night???? round 2
pussycat pussycat i love you  yes i do 
drinking at ot come join
is going to bed    unless someone calls and says they're comming over lol
hitting the markets with me mammy and <propfirst>!!!!
needs to get on a regular work sched so my sleep pattern can follow
"its cold and im going back to bed to read and nap b4 the club tonight  you should come to tre' tonight no cover no dress code drink specials all night and beer pong with the girls from <propfemale> vu  text me if ur comming, you should  but till then you know wher eima be stop by "
"some people wish everyday was christmas, i wish everyday was earthday! do something to celebrate; recycle, walk places or carpool, use less water, plant something, etc  etc  smile "
lunch time jog then start runnin everywhere else  text me if u wanna do something
is going 2 attempt a nap b4 wrk at 6    fingers crossed
nap time round 2
spending the night with some of my closest friends soudns good 2 me
needs plans 2night text me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs sleep i guess    but i dont want to  annoyed \
gets to sit in my car all day and get paid whoop whoop
<propmale> green and grandmas boy with good friends
sitting in the breakroom bumpin dirt nasty
would rather be on a plane right now then anywhere else  annoyed \
confidence is its own catalyst
is now awake and looking foreward to the night
soooo im sure i have plans 2morrow but i dont remember with who    hit me  up if its with u 
capitol dawg!
is bonding with <propfirst> hova and lsd
its my friday lets do something!!!!!!
has no clue why i'm so restless
is feeling particularly black 2day seeing as i'm going home with a fresh pair of <propfirst>'s and purchased them from the back of a <propfirst> with blocked out window's 
social=asian
at times feels like i'm channeling the spirit of the late <propfirst> or maybe my dobson genes are kicking it into high gear to catch up for lost time
sometimes i like to wear women's underwear when no one is home   
thank you <propfemale> for taking advantage of my stupor and posting things on my facebook  retrobution is comming
life caught up with me thursday night and i'm not happy about it at all   
is it supposed to bleed like that?
"\travares your so weird\""\",481 laugh 31980dd267ea1ce3bc0ff67ed89,gettin situated now its just finding somethng to do with the babies
its going to be a super busy few days   
two more days   
after talking to the dyke til llate last night i realized its been way to long thank god this transition is almost over
doesnt like this restlessness   
"is tired from last night but 2night is drinking and \driving\"" so no sleep 2night for me """
"workout, shower, swing dancing, drinking, sleeping at my new place, going trail riding in the morning, showering hitting pride with the boys and drinking and sleep b4 work on sunday  sounds like a busy good weekend"
isn't a partaker but a supporter so its time to get turnt up in the lavender district 
going to tre' 2night hit me up if you wanna go and ill tell you how to get on the guestlist it closes at 8 though
misses my pool
has thursday and friday off who wants to go on an adventure?
is going to spen the night nerding it up with close friends and my favorite baby sister!!!!!
m  night shamalan needs to eat a <propmale>  if u watched avatar the last airbender dont see the movie
is prolly gonna be kicking it at a friends house and singing kareoke all night unless something else comes up that sounds more entertaining
the trasistion is over its time to move to my new place
hates the dmv at this moment right now <propmale> lthe crying kids the broken display monitors and that stupid automated voice that tells u where to go when ur  <propfirst> been c<propmale>led thats like 3456789176554372 decibles to low to actu<propmale>ly hear
its time for goped tag with the roommate then hiting tre with friends!!!
look out sac ive jsut been permited mwuhahahahahaha
do  the stanky leg
is done starving myself
2nd sat!!!!!
is ready for it to come off
mwuhahahaha
about 10 years    thats how long ive had my hair long  it's been about a week without most of it and it feels amazing 
is bored   
wasnt there a movie about things comming 7's 
needs a grip of cash in the next 24 hours for my baby :  
is probably going to set my phone on fire later 2day
my phone's broken if you tried to text or call me in the last few days thats why i havent responded but its getting fixed so text me after 3 to make sure i  still have ur number since they might be erased
thank god cuddi has some damn perseverance!!!! its going to be a good season
feels really really really really dirty and refuses to sleep in my own bed 2night because of it  sad 
is giving up sleep
this would be funny if it wasn't so sad
wants hooka
is in sf and bored who wants to go get a drink?
is going to mind one of these days along with my motivation
loves this weather but im just a little bit bored  annoyed \
it's about to be an amazingly happy hour at pyramid!!
it's breakfast time!!!! i've been looking forward to this for the last 12 hours
hats going on this weekend???
is kinda retarded   
"has gone from inactive, bored and pessimistic to antsy and energized in the time it took to listen to one <propfemale>+ the machine song"
i can't stop pissing fire!!
is not a huge fan of facebook highjacks right now    thnx <propmale>
is officially back to my roots  thanx bro
done baking now its time to run errands until bj's and pumpkin ale    i may need a dd for this adventure 
never trust a big but and a smile that gurl is   
cant believe my mom had a cheesecake pan and didnt tell me
crown  shots with my dad and step mom the only thing that would make this sunday better is if oakland can pull out a win
"like my man <propmale> said, \ could this be   \"" yes i think it is"""
fish sticks are official <propfemale> over cure of the weekend!!
kinect is exhausting especially when ur running on lik 3 hours of sleep
is getting ready for the hunt mwuhahahahahaha
should stop playing online and get stuff done lol
"wine tasting done, the hunt was not lucrative, now its time to drink the night away"
"wish i was jigga man, care free living"
since i have to wake up early in natomas anyways i might as well dance central till i pass out
iss a little pissed off   the first 2 attempts a fondant were perfect now its shitty every time i attempt it  sad   quick $25 regardless
you have to love going through the drive thru at taco hell at 4 something in the morning after a house party and seeing friends long boarding to do the same
i achieved all but one goal this weekend and doesnt like this not finished feeling  annoyed \
does anyone know why the line to mix is so long?
its time for the holiday baking marathon  smile  
would love whoever came and cleaned my room for me 2morrow  smile 
rapin errbody is not club music and should not be played at them >: (
<propfemale> christmas to all those people shose number i dont have
all u can drink mimosa's then video games and bowling with the family this is going to be the best 26th-mas ever
it is not hard to se ewhy she won an <propfirst> for this movie 
i have never felt so used as i do now  thank you <propfemale> portman and <propfemale> kunis for the <propmale> mind fuck 
i love old ladies that buy you drinks and holds great conversations all the while showering you with flattery  everyone should visit the sticky wicket once in their life
idk whyi never had guinness on tap b4 but i know for sure it tastes better with an <propfemale> band with an electric  mandalin
needs something to do tonight
a night out with my sexy black wifey sounds about right
whats going on 2night?
who wants to drive me up 2 the cabin and party this weekend??
fb is a wonderful thing sometimes
only people i know to have an after bar party is my rancho folks
can't wait till wed
needs something to do 2night
its apparent hat i live most days like they are weekend days it might be catching on
i love free anything but movie screenings is near the top of the list
"<propfemale> slammer, skins rock band its gonna be a bomb ass night"
screw u shady mexican place in w sac that gave my sister and i food poisining uve ruined both of our day > sad 
let the celebration begin!!!!!
so the debauchary starts at 9 at <propmale>'s then someplace with music  it sounds like my usual friday night but its my bday so its different    kinda  text me if ur comming or going to b downtown
who the hell's going to naught gras?!?!?!?!?
thanks for all the bday love and a special thanks to morman <propfirst> for that shot that's still making me suffer    but in about 3 hours ill be ready to go out and party some more 
off to play in the yay all night god its fun being me most times  laugh 
there is no last call in my life
new phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"at my first drag show  and i'm very confused, not about my sexuality, but about feelin like a piece a meat to all the foreign latin boys  annoyed "
decided to go larping in next month
it's thursday i'm thirsty but i don't know where the party is  sad 
rainy days are anisocial days  crying 
moving with  <propfemale> nunes and <propfemale> colbertson in the rain
its a long awaited night out with my p i c  $1 wells music and entertainment its gonna be a good night
i'm pretty sure someone said at one point not to take your girl with you up in the club   espicially if your a muscle bound bro bitch that's insecure
"dear common cold, betweem the drugs and care at my moms house and drugs and care i get at my dads you only get one day to put me out of commision becuase 2morrow starts another fun as hell party week"
"so far this day has been a total waste with the exceptions of jacks with pimpin and my visit to <propmale> and busters  i'm over this \job\"" already"""
i love random calls from my recruiters  annoyed 
an amazing breakfast of bangers and mash and corn beef hash with two of my favorite people  now i'm feed and going to sd for an amazing weekend  dueces sacto!!!!!
i can honestly say that the traffic is a <propmale> reason why i hate la 
just got a <propmale> tongue lashing for living life like a taio <propfirst> + young money hybrid by pimpin lol  annoyed 
ttime for a little sleep before an epic sf trip
"nap, workout, and plan my night, sounds like i have an eventful few hours  smile "
protien shakes are sooooooooo tasty     annoyed 
eepic
ccinco de mayo is technically over and after 8 <propfemale> shots 5 random other shots and random adventures its time for a sober nap
