1480f5607ca6e47f81ac92010f2f6bd8
really needs to stop reading this book   it kinda hits home hard 
is lookin for something 
"we just touched, awkwardly "
has found herself hoping for paranoia as the alternative is too much to bear 
happy fourth  love 
is dead 
got a new computer and the sims 3  smile 
goin to wisconsin   be back   tuesday?
babysitting for 3 straight weeks? there's a reason why i don't have any damned kids 
doesn't like getting older yet it's happening   even now 
is 21 and drinking for the first and possibly last time ever today  it's truly momentous 
"is called julz but oddly enough, it isn't because of the amount of jewelery she wears "
is having a hard time realizing that people her age are actually getting married  so damn weird 
is soon to be minus two wisdom teeth  so much for my philosophy <propmale> [ha ha ha]
is minus two wisdom teeth  praise be to vicodin 
is finally starting to look normal again  goodbye ridiculous chipmunk cheeks!
needs more non-self abusing friends  this is seriously taxing 
is slowly raising her happiness quotient 
is glad that the one and only photo of her drinking is apparently extremely popular 
"\no sausage! i'm a lesbian! i'm a lesbian! *wild flailing*\"" lmao"""
is goin back to sb this weekend!  smile 
"is annoyed with life but really, what else is new "
has a love hate relationship with philosophy 
opa!
wishes that giant spider hadn't claimed her bathroom 
is going to injure everyone in her dorm with a kitchen  effin 4am fire drills cuz you had the damn munchies are ridiculous!
is sick of js mill 
is 110% in love with glee  for serious 
is fairly certain she's dying  or just getting a little sick 
ugh  fml  for serious 
haven't smoked in 3yrs yet i always want a cig when i'm at my lowest 
 love 's home alone 
believes she just witnessed someone breaking into the room next door   huh 
"is oh, you know   loungin"
wishing a very happy birthday to a certain southern homo  love 
is metaphysical 
feels like something important is missing 
is reteaching herself ancient greek  [it's not easy when you go it alone]
on one hand feels wonderful and invincible yet   on the other hand feels like everything has gone completely wrong 
currently has the attention span of a   hey look at that thing over there 
is crazy 
can't stop listening to hrsa and schizophrenia by blue october  what a strange coincidence 
is contemplating hermithood more than ever these days  it just feels right 
might not have what she had before but she's still got the rain 
needs to let go it seems 
is in the process of a completely life changing decision 
thinks emotions should go to hell  she should've been born a vulcan 
begins the journey down her own personal rabbit hole today  wishing that she didn't have to because sometimes   ignorance is bliss 
"stole your heart, ripped it out and smashed it on this floor you have no need for such a useless thing, broken forever more  [acop anyone?   ofc not]"
has made life in her hall very awkward indeed  smile 
just finished off a marathon <propfemale> out weekend  it  was  epic 
"is attempting to read 2 books, write 1, and study for anatomy all at the same time   should be interesting "
today is a dragonforce kind of a day 
is going to see boondock saints 2 all saints day tonight  be jealous 
had a freaking awesome time  boondock saints 2 is epic as hell!
is researching for her nanowrimo novel 
is intellectually on top of the world  emotionally in the abyss 
doesn't know how she gets herself in these situations 
is married to her human anatomy workbook but it's abusive and she desperately wants a divorce 
should be on pg 28 but is on pg 4   heavy duty writing today for sure  stupid nanowrimo during my busy period 
is excited for season 2 of glee!!!!!!!
is exhausted  is school over yet?
just doesn't know which road to take 
and the siren lives unintentionally on 
has murder on her mind  why must the ppl next door hold band practice at 1am? why 
just realized that next week she gets to go home  thank god   for serious 
just realized she can finally relax   awesome 
thinks it's a little awkward that a good portion of her closest friends apparently wanna bang her  can't decide if that's a win or just an awkward turtle 
told off some creepy ass old guy and now feels really awesome 
is a lazy bum and it's legen wait for it   dary 
is having a decent day all things considered  even got written into a novel as a harlot with a realistic view on sex   smile 
occasionally makes a decision that even she regrets  just kidding   absolutely no regrets ever right?    of course right 
[insert obligatory wishing of an enjoyable day of thanks here]
is 
is an idiot  fml
has almost 400 meal points for the next two weeks   anyone hungry?
is a big grumblemountain right now 
is lamenting the day 
"is on the case and chasing her through history  [tell me where, in time is <propfirst> sandiegoooo]"
is goin to bring out her bankai and eff these finals up  hell yes 
should be studying  always studying 
"is wondering what it is about her that screams \hey i'm a slut sex e playful ert\"" to strangers  was asked 3 times today by completely random people different sexual questions   all prefaced with \""no offense or anything but you look like the kind of person who would know the answer to this   \"" -_-"""
is effectively freaking the heck out 
knows you lied but i'm telling you that i'm alive for the first time 
isn't insane the rest of the world just can't hear the music she's dancing to  [ love  nietzsche]
is always wanting exactly what she knows she can never have 
"just watched <propmale> brown use the \what else floats?\"" \""apples\"" \""very small rocks!\"" quote and has never been more in love with him """
is listening to <propfirst> holiday and baking delicious things  all in all a recipe for a great day smile 
<propfemale> christmas facebook  waking up early to make cinnamon buns then a nap will probably be in order  smile 
's house smells like pork and cinnamon buns   what a <propfemale> christmas!  smile 
is craaaazy 
the ice falling off the roof of my house makes it sound like we're under attack  the house shakes and everything  i woke up thinking i was on a pirate ship 
this year   it's starting out well  lets continue the trend shall we?
i should be packing but   i'm so   very   sleepy 
blue
is discombobulated 
really doesn't want to finish this paper  damn winter session 
is going to see blue october in april  smile 
is on the verge 
did the macarena with a football player at the dinner table because she's sexy and she does what she wants!
is annoyed but what else is new 
's ass is collateral damage in this war with an american history paper 
is wishing a few people a happy 23rd and 24th birthdays!
can't believe the real semester starts so soooon 
feels like a serious bargain hunter   $528 worth of books for $180   epic win 
you look like a fool with yo pants on the ground 
had such an insanely good day  smile 
dear stony brook   thanks for having a torrential downpour our first day back to school   that's nice
is wishing all gamers everywhere a happy winter-een-mas 
is a bag of nuts 
is unnerved 
is listening to oldies and being happy 
just wants to crawl back into bed 
crawled back into bed 
can't help but wonder how she got to be so lucky 
doesn't like her personal space being invaded 
will stop the world with her freeze <propfirst>  [not a death <propfirst> or an ice <propfirst>   that's all <propfirst> snow]
 love 's disney movies   a whole heck of a lot 
has sunshine on a cloudy day 
goin home today 
is home and things   seem to be going smoothly  keyword: seem 
is cautiously optimistic this v-day 
super doesn't want to go back to school  gotta take more minivacations!
is existing 
is sick and should be eating healthy type things but that jar of nutella is staring her down  oh the temptations  hazlenuts are healthy right?   of course right 
just got windows 7  smile 
is sick and way too stressed out to exist 
is stunned and confused 
really doesn't think anything else could possibly go wrong this week  when it rains it freaking pours doesn't it?
was proven wrong  more has gone to shit  awesome
is very slowly coming to terms with never hearing the keys in the dorm room door again  just kinda wishing there wasn't a blatant reminder everyday 
would like a pet chipmunk 
is standing on the precipice of forever  [also is a pretentious philosopher]
is utterly in love with <propfirst> <propfirst>  mmm
"is confused at why her sims 3 game recently changed the language to spanish  it's like they know  random programs websites changed to spanish in her lifetime: facebook, yahoo, myspace, the sims 3, word, and aim   it's a conspiracy!"
is eternally conflicted 
puts on her robe and wizard hat 
should really start doing papers earlier   maybe two days before they're due instead of just one  then again   where's the fun in that?!
is wondering what the reprecussions of using a lightsaber underwater would be 
does anyone else think the ps move controller is the most ridiculous looking controller since the powerglove? i mean really   is the giant color changing ball on top really necessary? it looks like a 4yr old designed it   rant
didn't have internet all weekend now is overwhelmed with internet required activities 
thinks it's wonderful that the custodial staff here at the good ole sbu sees no problem waking her up at 8 smile 0am on one of her precious days off to clean the other side of the room even though they had a whole damn day to do that last week  she'd like to offer a very polite eff you to the entire establishment 
"is really annoyed  now, i don't -want- to stay here even one more semester "
is just too white and nerdy 
loves it when grammar freaks make simple grammar mistakes when correcting someone else 
starts spring break today at 11:10am  just ooooone class 
is back to the cuse tomorrow 
is home 
is having a hard time 
is applying to jobs with fingers crossed   again 
is utterly in love with all the <propfemale> boys 
hates april fools day mainly because it interferes with normal webcomic storylines 
is twitching with anger 
is starting to see the end in sight  december really can't come soon enough 
is ridiculously excited that glee is coming back next week!
wishes <propfirst> bishop was her mentor   love  fringe
is hanging her head in shame  she always -said- she'd never link a game to fb but   her alliance neeeeds her  lmao
is enjoying the weekend 
wishes some people would get off their damn high horse 
*mental note: stop watching chick flicks alone it never bodes well 
really enjoys being ignored  it's awesome 
is nostalgic for things that never even happened 
is a rainy day type of girl 
just realized she has at least 15yrs before she's done with school and -possibly- a tenured professor  at least  <cry>
sometimes life sucks and you just have to have a dance party of 1  *dances*
is loopy  really loopy 
take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the boys are sexay  smile 
never realized pandora could be used to satisfy her love of theater songs -and- disney songs all in one glorius station  thank you 'glee cast' station  you're my new best friend 
does not do well with little sleep 
has reached that time of the semester when she actually has to do work 
"\youre killin me smalls!\"""""
is frustrated 
can't seem to stop saying things better left unsaid  horray social retardation!
is hot  -_-
wishes her hw was a nympho in solitary confinement   so it'd do itself  [awww yeah]
"is more than a bird, more than a plane   she's a biiiirdplaaaaane a mother effin biiiirdplaaaane "
apparently all sb administration is conspiring so i simply cannot graduate in december  thank you -so- much for first scheduling two required courses at the same time and then completely dropping other courses  i really appreciate it  *sings* we shall overcooooome soooomedaaaay *grumble*
cannot have these shenanigans at this school!
is listenin to a change of pace enjoyin the last day of classes  smile 
often times wishes she had a vice to turn to when things get frustrating 
hates nyc  a lot 
"happy mother's day <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> malvasio, <propfemale> louder, <propfemale> rosado[even though mother's day was yesterday for you lol] and all you other fb mothers  love "
oh the hoops you'll jump on the way to the places you'll go 
can't stop excessively checking her email 
blue october hits home a little too much sometimes   love  them to pieces for that though 
is off to see if any professor will take me on as an independent study  it's not looking good so far 
is fubar 
onto the last final of quite possibly the worst semester ever  thank god it's over 
most definitely got an a on that final  -win-
end of the year celebratory movie! [rooobin hood]
   never thought my car could hold so much   on my way back to syracuse!
hates going grocery shopping alone  it has a distinct 'spinster with 20 cats' feel to it 
is pretty sure her parents want her to stay home only for the baked goods she produces 
is pretty much crying with happiness  nph should always be on glee 
is dancing    not really but that sounds better then cleaning for all eternity 
is baking a pie  smile 
loves approaching normal [new blue october cd]   also the super wonderful person who got it for her  gotta love early birthday gifts  love  love 
is watchin idol [lets go <propfirst>  love !] then glee  what a wonderful night 
\up down \,1480f5607ca6e47f81ac92010f2f6bd8,is having a ton of fun planning this party 
loves finding out things she's not supposed to know  also loves being hopelessly in love 
"got mistaken for someone requiring the \pediatric\"" form at the chiropractor today  better than the \""geriatric\"" form  *sings* always look on the bright side of life  smile """
needs a nap 
back to sb in the am   -_-
in sb for the next 6 weeks  at least there's less people here in the summer 
up at 8am? dear god i really am back at school 
just read through -another- webcomic  that makes 30 actively read webcomics with an additional 20 or so that are now defunct 
had her natural disaster class and learned that people die  a lot  really uplifting class 
seems to have hidden her phone in her sleep  searches have come up largely useless  oh well   it'll turn up   they always do 
found her phone! now she feels sick  awesome 
is sick  but really   what else is new 
is rewatching all the episodes of glee  for the 4th time > >  nolife
wants to get dressed up to go see a broadway show with someone 
has a broken air conditioner  fml
is apparently in the tornado zone  thank you so much summer school 
is searching for dysis  guess it's time for a rewrite   again -_-
hates taking care of herself -_-
"has so far lost nearly 10lbs on the \what do you mean i have to cook for myself?!\"" diet """
wishes she could be watching glee   damn
"is cold   wth stony <propfemale>  also, really tired of old men trying to be my \friend\"" """
really is not interested in going to school today  how about mandatory nap time instead?
is getting really tired of listening to christian music sang by someone completely tone deaf  [with a weird vibratto in all the wrong places]
is making french toast  delicious?   hopefully
why is it that all the best ideas come in the shower  is there a direct correlation between naked cleanliness and thinking?
cannot stop laughing  seriously 
is already having a craptastic day  super 
still feels like shit 
wants to have a tea party  but without all the politics and with a lot of delicious tea  also <propfemale> sandwiches and cookies 
is wondering if it's a normal bodily reaction to want to throw up whenever someone sings horribly  what kind of doctor would you even see for that? lol
hates living with girls  ew
thinks it's great that she has a debate today and hasn't conversed with her partner   at all 
"air conditioning, internet, music   these are a few of my favorite things "
is drooling over the new nintendo games  *want*
slept in and missed ts3 but   sleep felt good  now the ultimate question   grocery store or reading 
wants steak but settled for pizza rolls  ah college life 
is galavanting around the countryside today 
cried watching toy story 3 like 5 times 
is really upset she wasn't home for the earthquake 
sometimes feels like she wants to save the world 
so   i've got $20 to my name and a serious <propfemale> to bake something   
is going home for the weekend  hello 5hr drive 
is home  baking things in the am  smile 
is always waiting for something 
isn't quite as nervous anymore   we'll see what happens come friday 
should probably go to sleep since asian <propfemale> will undoubtedly be loud in the morning  *grumblestoopidroommates*
goes to mass  in the am  excited nervous whatever   love 
is on an adventure!
loves <propfirst>'s parents   love 
needs to remember not to go outside when it's too hot 
is getting sunstroke just thinking about going outside 
"every once in a while really, truly hates this stupid 11yr difference "
is in a constant state of frustration 
is completely sick of other <propfemale>'s voice  thank god for the semester ending monday 
is writing her final for philosophy  -______-
is really sick of this moving out and moving in business 
just realized that the song that has been stuck in her head all freaking day is also on the sims  in simlish 
is happy to be home 
"was definitely just followed for about 15min by 3 intimidating, large, scary men  mental note: when guys honk and try to talk to you   don't give them a \ew im grossed out by your presence\"" look and drive away   it only ends badly """
is going to warped in the am!!
broke out her giant denim purse from high school just for warped tour  super stylish 
is making mango jam today and gets to use her <propfemale> thermometer for the first time! *glee*
mastered: making jam!
is a silly girl with silly girl thoughts 
should not be allowed to have conversations past 10pm 
is making tiramisu today!!
has had an amazing 6 months  here's to many more to come   love  ya babe  smile 
is old   smile 
thanks everyone  smile  you're all amazing  for reals
"is confuzzled but really, what else is new "
"is happily spending her summer baking, watching the food network, and reading "
is hyperventilating a little bit 
"lets, get, dangerous "
has turned into the biggest sap ever   love 
"is here, without you  lame "
is pretty effin sad 
is craaazy  *dances*
is having a pretty craptastic day  better sleep 
is voluntarily cleaning  something must be terribly wrong 
isn't feeling well [for like the millionth time this summer] and ofc gets to deal with a bunch of people coming over to stay  grumblegrumblegrumble
is apparently a virus with bosoms  ooh family 
is packing for her last year at stony <propfemale>  weird feeling 
is going to class  grumblegrumblegrumble   grumble 
80 degrees at 9am   you've gotta be effin kidding me -_-
hates it when people just can't take a hint 
finds it difficult to focus on heidegger when there's a perfectly good rain storm outside 
hasn't learned after 4yrs that it's not a good idea to change in front of the window when you live on the 1st floor  *epicfail*
has learned one thing from <propfemale> wars   don't love anything ever  it only ends in being a badass cyborg   on second thought   that's pretty cool  love strongly  long live cyborgery 
is committing a deadly sin today  good thing she's not catholic or this would be a problem 
is sure she has no idea what you're talking about 
feels like something super important was missing from her morning routine today  it's gonna be a long semester for sure 
mastered: dying her hair not her fingers 
had an extremely social night and is now completely drained  worth it though 
has been knocked down by congestion that seems to exist even in her muscle fibers 
is not so silently cursing one of her friends for making her <propfemale> a ps3 like there's nothing else in the world that matters 
desires a hug but gets homework  effin college 
just put the 2nd edition d&d player's handbook on her nook  supreme geekiness has been achieved!
had been hearing music and thought she was crazy   turns out her mp3 player was on   annoyed 
is going to play d&d with some super cool people and forget about the world for a few hours  exciting!
is now flipping the freak out  effin blackboard  effin <propmale> history  effin   college  grumblegrumblegrumble  annoyed 
totally got an a on her quiz [even though she couldn't open the power point to study] and then went on to have a wonderful night with new friends   smile 
isn't in a good mood  grumblegrumblegrumble
is headed back to sb 
feels sick  the guy at the cafe totally poisoned her  [aka   lactose intolerance is a biznitch]
feels like she's going to be ok for the first time in a long time 
is shaken but still standing  always still standing  like a <propfemale> tree!
is loving these epic nights  huzzah social life 
needs a full body massage  damn   social life  *grumble*
loves how a simple voicemail can make her day so much better   love 
looks kinda like she was beaten half to death  did not master: not dying herself darker brown  epic fail 
is sick and tired of being blamed for the unhappiness of other people  man up and take control of your own damn emotions 
is wishing <propfemale> whittenburg a very happy birthday!  love  ya
is going to bed with the biggest smile on her face  epic win indeed 
"is writing a memoir piece titled \innocent little liar\""  no word yet if there's going to be a lick of truth in it """
has a world that is just sort of caving in 
"just had the standard \this is what's goin on in my life\"" talk with her mum  headed to buffalo for <propfemale> malvasio's wedding   love """
is attempting to figure out what on earth to do with her hair for the wedding  -_-
is playing chrono trigger alone while the rest of the wedding party socializes downstairs  geekwin 
wedding bells are ringing!  love 
3hrs of sleep and 8hrs of driving later   i've got class  fml *headdesk* zzzzzzz
is poison 
is having a super fantabulous day because her memoir piece 'innocent little liar: the honest origin of a deceiver' was a huge success in class  hooray!
feels all warm and fuzzy like 
sometimes is screaming at the top of her lungs but no one ever seems to hear  maybe she's speaking the wrong language?
"sometimes, you've gotta curl up in bed by yourself, watch movies and drink tea "
"has finished 4 loads of laundry before 11am  a life? no thanks! i don't need one, i've got mindless menial tasks!"
is spending another lonely night in  grumblemountain 
is fairly annoyed that od is down right when she wants to talk about something  typical 
"really, truly hates it when open diary is down  it's been a long time coming but   backup journal site has become necessary  really hope it's not a permanent move "
*twitch*
kinda wishes she were a boy cuz they sing better 
is starting her housesitting weekend!
finally has a reason to make a giant poster of her face  awesome 
is at heathers for the night   starting the cleaning process  smile 
forgot how comfortable she is in fishnets and minis   that probably says something about her as a person 
is torturing herself with romantic comedies 
needs <propmale> and <propfirst>  stat!
has finished her homework and nearly finished cleaning  productivity ftw!
once again finds herself fighting her will  what on earth do you do when your will wants something you don't?
needs a hug 
needs some motivation to get movin this morning  5:10 cannot come soon enough -_-
made pie which in turn   made life seem not so bad 
is sure that homo is the most ridiculous person ever 
is a silly girl with silly girl problems  who knew i actually had   feelings  ew
"seems to be constantly covered in something sweet  today, it's chocolate "
only two days until nanowrimo! who's got two thumbs and is exited? this girl!
hello friday night dance party   of 1  aw yeah  *dances*
had a great night and apparently finally looked hot  woot 
has taken 5 naps today alone  can you say epic boredom?
is seriously considering getting dressed up and going out   to read  yep  that's what it's come to 
cannot stop smiling for some reason  how strange   smile 
it's november 1st  do you know where your novelers are?  love  nanowrimo begins! *writes furiously*
is clearly really ridiculously good looking  clearly 
is going to have a good day today if it kills her 
soo   today was pretty great   smile  on cloud 9 for the first time since   twoo fridays ago 
still pretty happy from yesterday  good day part 2? oh yeah 
"with me, everyday is a song and dance kind of day "
i am a zombie killing machine 
first time i showered *before* my friday class in a month  don't know if that's the makings of a good day   or a bad one 
it's time to leave the past in the past and lace up a new set of shoe strings 
i'm spending my saturday night listening to lectures on the republic from yale  can a weekend get much nerdier?
why does frustration = compulsive cleaning for me these days? i don't approve 
will someone please remind me to stop listening to love songs and watching chick flicks? this really can't be at all healthy 
so after a few hrs of talking to someone i hadn't heard from in 4yrs i dreamt i was pregnant   and then had a really tragic miscarriage  not the way i wanted to start my week 
sugar makes my world better 
i get the feeling i'm talking to the wall  can you hear me at all?
really wish i could go to nyc this weekend to support the stony <propfemale> quidditch 2010-2011 team  a sport i can actually get behind!
lesson of the day: never passively admit you're a girl who likes gaming in class unless you're prepared to be mobbed after class 
it's official  i have the best friends in the world  be jealous   love 
"i'm glad to say that we met, but i'm sad to say that the circumstances weren't on our side "
"\you were created to love and be loved \"" -twloha  love """
i swear if i get asked that question ooone more time   
"my daily \need a hug\"" quota has been dangerously high as of late  especially considering the fact that i don't like physical contact """
operation: probably not a good idea is a go!
i love it when operation: probably not a good idea actually goes well 
 love  glee 
i seem to be slowly morphing into an romantic idealist  ew  good thing i noticed early on and can take evasive action 
i am broken  bleh 
"there's a storm coming, <propmale> "
"sometimes i think \nah i'm not really a geek\""  then i spend the better part of a day playing roms and rolling random dnd characters """
that's it! i'm becoming a nun  no more boys for me 
"dear sbu library, please e playful lain to me why the -entire- section that holds the books i would like to look at is literally missing  did a worm hole open up on this floor and suck all the books to another dimension? if that's the case   how long would it take to get an interdimensional interlibrary <propfemale>?"
changed my mind  i kinda like boys still   smile  no nunnery for me lmao
break just started and i already kinda want to cry  awesome  just   awesome  better make myself waffles  no friends around? eat waffles!
"my dad is super old today  [68!] better make a cake  [why yes, i will be baking literally every day this break   as usual]"
i am thankful for   going to see <propmale> potter today!! [also my friends and family i guess   but mostly the hp thing  lol  love ]
i nearly forgot how nice it is to <propfemale> with someone you have nearly 6yrs of inside jokes with  priceless 
"i am in dire need of a hug  dear friends, next time you see me   hug me  i really do enjoy it no matter how much i pretend i don't "
heading back to sb today   or tomorrow   alright more like eventually 
*sings* on the road again   
don't call me <propfirst> 
"started the day off right dancing to <propfirst>'s the wanderer  sure he's a womanizer   but the tune, it's so catchy  *dances*"
"*sigh* seriously? i mean, really?"
pretty sure i've checked out 
<propfemale>  smile 
man do i love talking to someone and not knowing what their intentions are  it's super fantastic  -_-
cannot stop smiling  this is a nice change 
my words they don't come out right   but i'll try to say i'm happy for you 
giving sadness a big eff you tonight  gettin all dolled up with <propfemale> <propmale> and going out!  love 
"change\ your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  \join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the \same!!"
uh   oops?
starting to pack up my dorm room for the last time ever  this is strangely sadder than i thought it'd be 
"i'm on a strict diet of oldies, creativity and cuteness "
"today's apparently a \get super pretty for no reason at all\"" day  someone wanna take me out? no? fine  i'll take myself out  and by out i mean to the sac """
i love the fact that i went out with the sad intention of reading alone at the sac and ended up hanging out with some of my favorite boys   love friends 
and i still haven't found what i'm lookin for 
"operation: \put in the effort to look good\"" week """
i hate when i get like this  stupid   grumblegrumble
guildwars is a metaphor for my life 
and my world is ok again 
"i like to speak in vague seemingly undirected messages but be sure, i'm talking to you  you make me smile "
freaking out? yes  most certainly 
my lips taste a little like vice  tonights a rollercoaster ride 
4 hours of sleep? yep  better make myself look extra good to compensate for the throbbing in my head 
"legit dreamt about my heidegger term paper last night, now i have what i do believe will be the makings of an excellent paper  hooray for philosophizing in my sleep!"
"perhaps if i wasn't such an intellectual snob, i'd have an easier time finding dates  darn me and my high standards and enjoyment of things like coherent conversation "
oh god  so much writing 
correction: oh god  so much writing  but not as much as <propfirst> weir  so it's ok 
"today, i am descending into madness  writing my heidegger paper and editing all my wrt 303 papers  mmm procrastination  it gets shit done  [ironically ]"
just in case you had any doubts about my creeper status     
glad i'm back to the 4hrs of sleep thing  here i was worried i'd be doomed to a life of adequate sleep for the rest of forever  being exhausted is sure to make tonights events even more awesome  -_-
and now i can't stop smiling   love 
"operating on 4hrs of sleep again i get to write 2 essays, turn in my wrt 303 portfolio and pack up my dorm room for the last time, ever  *sigh* i hate change "
my semester is over officially  now i just have to pack   maybe i'll do that tomorrow 
ever feel like you're at the edge of greatness? it really is too bad that i'm so afraid of falling 
[insert status update that properly conveys how sad i am to be moving out of my dorm room here]
home 
found my dream so hilarious i giggled myself awake 
   why can i only sleep in 3hr increments? oh well   guess i better get up and start making cookies  any requests?
"lately, i've taken to asking people [jokingly] why anyone is friends with me since i'm such a \terrible\"" person  the number 1 answer? \""because you're pretty\""  i don't know how i feel about this lmao"""
we all need somebody to <propfemale> on 
i have hands down the best friends in the entire world  even if i haven't actually met half of you   love 
"\just look at these pants!   i can run like a dragon!\"""""
being a best friend means being the one to double tap you in the event of a zombie infection 
3hrs of sleep and mom wants me to frost cookies  seriously? *grumblegrumblegrumble*
tackling this war zone i call my room  is it bad when you're afraid of your own mess? i think it's sentient 
"so far i've found my spare keys [lost for 2 years], my old laptop [lost for a little over a year], and my favorite ring [lost for   god knows how long   3 years maybe]  room still looks like a war zone though   "
"just got my grade for what was the most difficult class of the semester and i must say   i was pleasantly surprised   smile  [take that, heidegger  now i'll never look at your stupid book ever again ]"
sick on christmas <propfemale>? awesome 
<propfemale> christmas y'all  love 
had a pretty fantastic christmas but i couldn't help but feel like something was missing 
dropping off the grid? that's relatively appealing 
"i'm really glad that no matter which direction i will be travelling in   there's always a snow storm at my destination  <propfemale>, you've got til saturday to get your shit together "
so tired   but for some reason i thought it was a good idea to cover my bed with all the clothing contents of my closet  in hindsight   this was not a good idea 
going shopping  if <propfirst> weir ever wakes up from his ridiculous gaming induced hibernation he should text me 
so-furious acid 
"man, i feel like a redneck  drinking and shooting bears on the wii with the family "
truth be told i miss you  and truth be told i'm lying 
<propfirst> furstenfeld is pretty much my hero every day  blue october binge? oh yes  oh yes indeed 
maybe this year will be better than the last 
just sent my application to be a public speaker for rainn to dc  i guess my new year's resolution is to do something with this post traumatic thing 
"two steps forward, one step back  still an overall advancement in position so   i'll take it "
packin up the car then back to long island 
back on the island  decidedly not moving my stuff in  cuz i'm lazy 
"dear mythology class,\   no "
nesting  so far   my bed's made  and i'm sitting on it  looking at the rest of the stuff hoping it puts itself away 
just keep telling myself   tomorrow shall be awesome  just have to get through this ridiculous hw and that 4hr class   and then the stressing as to what i will wear   and then the stressing about possibly getting lost   oh dear 
i will not let this cold get in the way of having an awesome night 
fantastic night  now i can be sick 
"please put this in your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower   armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are awesome & will repost this "
maybe one day i won't feel the strange urge to cover up my feelings  probably not 
attempting the drive home while i'm sick outta my mind  should be   fun 
"after nearly dying several times on my way up here   enjoying food, tea, and then   a nap "
just call me typhoid julz 
"so furious [acid] right now  glad anger has replaced sickness [yes, sickness is an emotion   well either that or anger is a virus]"
"\banjo music? seriously?\"" hahahaha"""
ahahaha   snow day   smile 
2 5hrs shoveling? super fantastic  -_- waffle time
"crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentation of their women! ah   the best in life indeed "
   i'm a cancer now? no  born a <propfirst>   i'll die a <propfirst> dammit!
it's gonna be a good day tater 
if you're gonna be a scumbag   don't try to thinly veil it with pleasantries  shit doused in perfume is still shit 
now is time for the most sacred twenty-something ritual   the nap  i'm like a nap time high priestess 
dressed up to go to <propfirst>'s? yup  sometimes you just have to feel fancy 
r-e-s-c-u-e rescue aid society   heads held high touch the sky you mean everything to me 
"dear emotional part of julz,\no  nope  no way  please stop  if i could evict you   i would \logically you,\the rest of julz"
hell hath no fury
you vex me stony <propfemale>  you vex me indeed 
holy cow that's a lot of birthdays today! including my best friend in the world even though he's a jerkface <propfirst> weir!
"casts siren song  +1 for flirtation, effects 1d4 creatures in area, creature is wooed indefinitely "
"i need a dock, and a bay  i've got plenty of time to waste "
seriously? every time i'm about to make that trek either way it's gonna effin snow? *grumble*
oh fringe  you make me so very happy 
just kidding fringe  i hate you and your tragic ways 
"at first i was like  troubled  but then i realized   hell, it's still an a   joyful "
"syracuse makes a strong case  i am so not looking forward to deciding where i'm living come may  here's hoping something happens so i'm \stuck\"" in one place and don't have to make an actual decision > >"""
apparently stony <propfemale> is dead set on me never leaving and making me cry every day  awesome 
random clown at <propfirst>'s? point: syracuse 
homemade doughnuts for breakfast? ok why not! i swear i was a 50's housewife in another life -_-
"i seem to be very argumentative as of late  in a point, counter point kind of way "
i really need to work on hiding my thought bubbles from people who can interpret the language the open book of my life is written in 
"dear hip, you don't seem to have gotten the memo but i'm only 22yrs old  there is no reason for this nonsense  that goes for you too, unnecessary grey hairs"
haven't even started the semester of doom and i'm already exhausted  that's   probably not a good sign 
i think i need to invest in a giant neon sign that says 'i don't care' so i can just flick it on when people don't get the message 
somehow was talked into staying upstate for one more night  eh   there are worse things i suppose 
"14 years ago today   i became an aunt  goodness gracious  for the record damiano thedon malvasio looked really, really gross when he was born  like a wrinkly old man  yup  i said it "
"last night of happiness before the semester of doom  chinese food, white collar, fringe and the sims are all on the menu "
this schedule makes me feel like i'm in high school again  do not want!
i have too many options for life after graduation  i suppose that's better than the alternative but it's kind of   stressful 
professors who don't use bb and apparently don't know how to email students when class is cancelled are now on my shit list  asian girls who lock arms and refuse to be separated even if the sidewalk isn't very wide are on there too 
sooo morning classes were cancelled because   it's raining? what the hell sb 
d&d night makes the rest of the week much more tolerable 
my computer seems to be quite proficient in finding new and terrible ways of making me sad 
happiness is realizing you have a free dvd rental! saved a whole dollar  which in college finances is equivalent to about 100 normal people dollars 
i am way too tired to actually do my hair for class [or put on clothing that i didn't sleep in]  hooray apathy exhaustion brought on by mistakes i knew i was making  i've no regrets 
"i like how when i'm exhausted and then get frustrated, i start swearing in spanish "
"seriously? i mean, really?"
"i wish i were in syracuse  i know, i never ever say that but   i could totally use a <propfirst>'s run right now "
bought 2 decks of cards today  y'all know what that means   time to set up a date to initiate my newest friends into the best card game ever 
ooooh my god  going insane  must  get  out 
ick  responsibility  going to the library for a few hours  feel free to bug me via textual messaging to my cellular device  if you don't have my number   well then i probably don't like you 
impromptu parties are most certainly the best  helloooo <propfirst> reedus movies 
"oh dear, i seem to be smiling like a nincompoop   smile  [<- self portrait]"
to the sleep deprivation chamber! -_-
i now have a dresser so i can stop feeling like such a vagabond!
"> > *dances* i finally get enough sleep, now i can't stop boppin around "
nobody e playful ects the spanish inquisition!!
this whole going to class thing is severely inhibiting my whole sleeping forever thing 
i think   it's time to surrender to sleep  i tap out body  you win 
woot  saturday night boredom  -_-
dress fancy  eat desserts  tonight can do no wrong   love 
*sigh* yeah   that about sums up my life 
"poor life choices, i made them! [and enjoyed every second of it ]"
why yes i am going to bed at 9 smile 0  vday has been   rough to me today 
"getting back bits and pieces of sunday night i'm realizing i'm awesome  anyone who can drunkenly recite the hail <propfirst> in ancient greek is clearly the best person alive  [oh yes, that happened]"
operation: lets try and stay in <propfemale> for a long time  is totally underway  hooray for job applications  also hooray for meeting people that i just   don't want to give up   sap
anyone want to rescue me tonight? no?   *sigh* grumble
tgidnd [thank god it's dnd!]
"the sadness, it is abounding  :{"
"[insert angsty or lovesick or generally pathetic song lyric that i think properly e playful lains my mood and therefore you all must read it, here]"
having your music so loud that everyone can hear it defeats the purpose of wearing headphones  damn noise pollution  i'm trying to sim in peace here!
professor tousey is most certainly the type of professor i hope i can be one day  <propmale> of <propfemale> crying today: 85% 
character creation ftw!
i love it when my professors have the same level of <propfemale> to go to class as i do  back to bed with me!
iqa nordic american classic-vassa (finland) vs  stony <propfemale> u  (usa) tomorrow  smile  so much excitement  huzzah quidditch!
my day was a roller coaster of emotion  kinda wish i ended with the quidditch game instead of the fiery ball of frustration that was my philosophy class 
[insert incoherent angry sad frustrated growling here] when in doubt   growl it out 
"dear this week, please just   stop  please? no? *sigh* alright  i shall persevere "
well   at least i got the hugs i was desiring 
derp 
"today i shall make with the loud, boisterous, sometimes belligerent noises for stony <propfemale> quidditch against hofstra!"
"wake up after a 12hr \nap\""   go back to sleep """
i   i don't remember how to be alone anymore  having friends has ruined my hermithood 
slightly re-arranging my room  my years of playing the sims has prepared me well for moments like this 
just once i'd like to say something of importance to my general well being   and not have the subject changed immediately 
i know i shouldn't be using the <propmale> of war for dating advice   but a lot of this is perhaps a bit too apt 
"maybe i should write a thesis on the subject \philosophy makes you stupid\""  after studying philosophy for 6yrs i feel e playful onentially more mentally disabled than i did 7yrs ago """
stress relief in the form of dnd tonight  smile 
this whole having an entire group of friends who actually care is going to take some getting used to 
nooooooo   em-pee-three player officially dead :{ sadness is abounding 
"my life aspiration: to be a creepy, eccentric old lady  *sigh* one day, one day "
i put on my robe and wizard hat 
"\i've got a broomstick that's better than yours\"""""
"so, we lost  to a team that doesn't even have real brooms none the less! -_- off to watch deathly hallows  quite possibly all by myself "
oh long island  you make a compelling case   love 
"today shall be awesome  doing a cool thing, then making waffles, then d&d'ing with some of my favorite people  just have to figure out where i'm going to put all these people   hmmm challenge accepted!"
"dear 8 smile 0 class tomorrow, no  just   nope "
i have successfully spent my morning figuring out how to draw a clockwork jumping mechanism while being ogled by geeky boys  it's been a good morning indeed   smile 
mental note: don't talk loudly about people when they're right there  even if they're wearing headphones 
"why yes, i have spent the last hour listening to <propfemale> songs  and it may also be true that my new ringtone is a metal version of song of storms "
> > it seems that my incessant listening to song of storms may have brought rain today  behold the power of epic video game soundtracks!
and so the longest week in recorded history winds down 
sleep is for the weak! quidditch!!
every once in a while   i turn into a stereotypical girl  chick flicks and all  it's disgusting really 
i'll be as honest as i feel 
i have a fantastic support system you say? preposterous! also   completely wonderful 
and now to spend the rest of my day in a semi-catatonic state  woot 
"today  today has been and is a terrible, lonely day  ugh "
quidditch cancelled is sad indeed   but now i get to play <propfemale> all day  sweet 
"dnd research day  oh yes, there will be fire  and lightning  and caves "
it seems my brain decided i needed a break from reality 
baking therapy for movie night tonight  peanut butter cupcakes! possibly with chocolate frosting 
dressing up as a clockwork rabbit for i-con? perhaps one of my best ideas to date 
