6674fa72302b016d612927706b442c19
cant wait to go home my tummy hurts  sad 
thinking of writing a book about someone i know in real life    hmm
feeling icky today  sad  but am home so its gettin better lol
is so very glad to be home    sigh and wonders what thrill  people get out of yelling random things at strangers from their friends cars????
the dishes are done     mannnnnnnn
when in this world the headlines read  of those whose hearts are filled with greed  who <propmale> and steal from those who need  to right this wrong with blinding speed  goes underdog! underdog! underdog! underdog!
off to work    sigh
is at work on lunch break wishing she were not at work but is happy at least she is on break and thankful that she has work lol
i am almost free w00t lol  laugh  *does a jig*
is cooking breakfast & jammin to tunes
off to work feeling icky  sad 
no fair    i dont wanna be sick  crying 
i'm still working on the mind over matter thing to make me feel better    off to work hope i can make it throught the whole day lol  wink 
okay mind over matter is officially an epic fail    waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah  sad (
"if you are reading this, you made it to 2011 and your still alive    have a happy new year! love you all  smile "
not fair! my voice is gone again and i didn't even drink ; ;
puking sucks  sad 
beige
cause im a blond yayaya
i am pooped whooooooooo but got a mk party tomorrow so we will see how it goes
i love getting to meet old friends ! i am so nostalgic its just silly 
rpg time    mwahahaha
just found out today that i have to move    sigh but for now i will play rockband & not think about it lol
eep i feel like im getting bit up where are they coming from im inside? urgerberger!!!!!!  with cheese!
fair thee all well and good morrow  smile 
house is clean now i can enjoy the rest of my 8 thats right count them    8 shall i spell it e i g h t   days off!!!!
i really amaze myself sometimes    i was incredibly inventive with lunch today and now i am quite full as is my all too happy man  wink  sigh good day so far!
*~ love  smile ? ~*
playin rockband    thats right hard core gamer here lol jk  playful 
just enjoying this wonderful weather    i love it  smile 
 love  love  love  love   love  love  love 
my bard is useless  sad 
oh no my vacation is almost over! back to work on tuesday and then back to the old routine   sigh
works damned hard for what little she has and is sick of people being so damned judgmental and talking badly about her when she isn't even there to defend herself 
if any kingodms of camelot people wanna send me a gift i need wood & food!
 love   love   love   love 
i never used to get so irritated so easily    and i have infinite <propfemale> with some people where as others make me want to scream every five seconds     go figure    why dontcha psychoanalyze me and get back to me in the morning k  smile 
"don't give up! i believe in you all  a person's a person, no matter how small! ~ dr  seuss"
 love 
what domain are you on?
 love    love 
 love 
 love 
 love 
 love 
"hearts, stars and horse shoes, clovers and the <propfemale>, pots of gold and rainbows, and a red balloon!"
 love 
makin home made tortillas mmm sigh  love 
"the time has come, the walrus said   to talk of many things    of shoes and ships and ceiling wax   of cabbages and kings   and why the sea is boiling hot    and whether pigs have wings!"
"reposting     while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear    while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a man stealing smiles from her    repost if you're against domestic violence"
if you see someone with out a smile    give them yours!  love 
what's under your bed?  love 
what are you afraid of?  love 
 love 
who stole the cookie from the cookie jar?
 love 
what is the meaning of life?  love 
finish the sentence     when in doubt ___________!
 love 
who are you?  love 
"finding things out about myself, and it makes me feel    lighter  love "
   have i mentioned i hate moving   sigh
"wet soil cold against my skin, as the darkness engulfs me, i contemplate my fate  i notice just a hint of something    a <propfemale>, a glimmer    of hope   the stars peeking through the crack in the molded wood to reach me    against all odds to reach me  just a teasing taste of sweet clean air and a tear from the heavens moist on my cracked lips   past the dank mildew and maggot stench i can barely smell it    life!"
sick and tired of being sick and tired  crying 
 love 
ugh my stomach hates me  sad 
any of you who live near me got a truck and willing to help me move monday or tuesday?
 love 
 love 
 love 
"once again i journey into the sun, the sweat will bead on my brow, and i will face the strangers who think i am their slave!  who think i am obligated to risk my livelihood for them, and that i personally have a vendetta against them   to feel the pressure of cold eyes watching me, evaluating if i am worth enough to them, to keep me around    alas i am off to work!"
omg tgif
"the world is filled with anger, and those who abuse the emotion,\when it comes to face me, i put my brain in motion, i react not with my feelings, and use reasoning instead, for if i let my heart rule all, i would long since have been dead       -me just now,  playful "
"the world is filled with anger, and those who abuse the emotion,when it comes to face me, i put my brain in motion, i react not with my feelings, and use reasoning instead, for if i let my heart rule all, i would long since have been dead       -me just now,  playful "
who knocked on my door? i missed someone about 2 hours ago    i got to the door too late saw a white <propfirst> drive away    i dont know if i know anyone who drives a white <propfirst>   hmm   
"\when in this world the headlines read of those whose hearts are filled with greed who <propmale> and steal from those who need to right this wrong with blinding speed goes underdog! underdog! underdog! underdog!\"""""
"thunder rolls, and the sweet scent before rain teases our senses, lowering our defenses   some will hide and e playful ress gloom, but for me the night will bloom, tis a day with rain, that makes me smile, i'll cast off the pain and dance for a while   "
"?where have all the good men gone, and where are all the gods,where's the street-wise hercules,to fight the rising odds?\isn't there a white knight upon a fiery steed,late at night i toss and i turn,and dream of what i need! ?"
"follow the path of glimmering lights, beneath the stars of night, twisting and turning, your senses burning, wandering the winding path, until you find the place at last, where only the blind and the wise, or innocent eyes, can perceive and with sanity leave     -me just now  smile "
writing     or    trying to anyway    oy
sleepy bye time      smile 
"why do people feed off of drama? i can see wanting it as a form of entertainment in movies and television, but we get enough of it there, let it stay out of our lives "
dang i need a scanner    so many things i would do if i had a scanner     sigh i must sleep g'night
"omg i hate my apartments so so so so soooooo much!  my stupid ac is leaking all over the hall i have to navigate around buckets and cups! my tub is finally fixed but i still do not have a mail key and after a month and a half of \oh we will get it to ya\"" they tell me i have to go to the post office with my lease to get one  oy"""
why is it that the being is not nearly as difficult as the getting up and going    hmm
"hi ho hi ho its off to work we go, with razor blades and hand grenades hi ho hi ho hi ho     \hi ho hi ho later its back from work we'll go, with torn up guts, and razor cuts, hi ho hi ho hi ho"
tired of waiting for glee!!!!! i want more glee  annoyed 
"twisting turning the aching the burning, the tease and the taunt, you flirt and you flaunt, with the flickering flame, a dangerous game"
i feel icky  sad 
serenity
rinse & repeat
thunder nearly gave me a heart attach lol and woke <propmale> up from a dead sleep whoooeeee    i love the rain  laugh 
"i wish everything and everyone i knew would make up their minds,, i am indecisive enough without all the mind changing   sigh sweet dreams all!"
"do like the cavemen do annoyed when you don't have any shoes    do like the cave men do   \walk on!\when you don't have a home    do like the cave men do   \be strong!\when you don't have any wheels    do like the cavemen do   \get creative!\when you don't have a purpose    do like the cavemen do   \just live!\ love "
"never underestimate, the power of a kiss,\take away your arms and legs,\but still you would have this   \the power to heal and mend,\affection for a lover, or comfort for a friend   \the power to bend a mans will, \and in some cases, the power to kill   \too often we realize to late,\how often we underestimate   \the power in those lips,\the power of a kiss! \ confidential   love   confidential "
running out the door on my way to work hope i make it on time    sigh
home again home again jiggidy jig
"we know, we honestly know the things we do are wrong, and yet we keep repeating them like a bad song, over and over, round and round, to this insanity we are bound!"
"when it feels like the hole world is coming down, and i can't take it anymore, the sky is falling, and i'm locked outside my door     the rain comes down, to wash away my tears, the storm rolls on, just like my many fears   but he is my umbrella, and the one to hold me tight, he is my hero, my <propfemale> knight!"
"i may not always like it, but at the end of the day, through all the ups and downs life has thrown my way, i have survived "
"has life spit you out yet? \really? what color was it?"
grrr
inspiration at last!                 writing        
"which ever way the wind blows, who am i to think i can halt it, which ever way the water flows, who am i to think i can fight it, some times you have to go with the flow, pray for the best, and <propfemale> on for dear life!"
   
hope you had a happy friday the 13th folks
any body wanna buy a <propfemale> net book for $199? got it posted on craigslist  so hurry if u want it let me know! wouldn't sell it if i didn't need the money! works great!
darn i feel exhausted   sigh
off to work sigh
"some people call me the space cowboy yeah\some call me the gangster of love\some people call me maurice\cause' i speak of the pompetous of love"
would rather check her facebook than face her checkbook 
loading ???????????? 99%
is off to never never land
dun dun dunnnnn
i have enough stress world    i am doing dishes leave me alone
"had a great weekend with the guys just playing board & card games, don'forget the lyrics, moment of truth, ziggity, uno, and rummy  laugh  total blast!"
"if anyone has any old photos of me i would love to see em, almost all of my family photos and childhood photos were lost when an old room mate stole everything i owned  sad "
taking care of business  
"g'night world, may the stars shine bright, the <propfemale> brighter, and your dreams brightest!  love "
hope the beautiful weather lasts my whole walk to work!!!  laugh 
tgif
likes the smell of clean clothes    mmm
just spent an hour caught in the rain waiting for a cab after grocery shopping     it was an adventure lol  and person with the license plate 1 <propmale> you rock you gave me an umbrella that you said (ironically) only cost 1 <propmale> and it probably kept me from getting pneumonia! good to know that good people still exist!
"interplanet <propfemale>, she's a galaxy girl, a solar system ms  from a future world, she travels like a rocket with her comet team and there's never been a planet <propfemale> hasn't seen ,no, there's never been a planet <propfemale> hasn't seen "
gasp! i see people       and they are still alive!   look there is one now staring at my status!
"is glad to know she still has a job, but feels bad that so many others do not! gl to all my friends who are now searching!!!"
"?have i told you lately    ?\that my friggen back hurts like a muddy funder!"
"the grass is the springiest, the bees are the stingiestthe birds are the wingiest, the bells are the ringiest(the hearts) the hearts the singiest(the arms) the arms the clingiestway back home"
"national brother week   if you have a brother who has made you laugh,pulled your hair,stuck up for you,drove you crazy,hugged you,watched you succeed,saw you fail,picked you back up,cheered you on,made you strong,cannot do without him, paste this to your status  i love you bro! {for me all three of em}"
is it funny how funny you can be when your in pain?
finished drawing my picture for shimmer but got to wait for camera to charge so can take picture of it and post it  sad  stupid batteries!
"?? ??? ???? ????? ???? ??? ?¢??? \??? ???? ??f??? ??? ??? ????? f?? ??? ???,\ ????? ?? ? ??????, ? ?????????, ? ?????, \? f?????g, ?? ???????, ???? ???? ??g?? ??? \?????? ? ????? ????     \?? ???? ?????? ?????? ???? ? ???????,\??? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ??? ?¢??? ?f ????,\??? ? g??? ???? ??? ?????? ?? ???f? ??????\?? ??? ????gg?? ????? ?? ?? ????\??? ?? ???? ????? ???? ¢????!"
 love 
"mr ducks \mr knott\o s a r \cm wangs\l i b \mr ducks"
"?\to avoid complications \she never kept the same address \in conversation \she spoke just like a baroness \met a man from <propfemale> \went down to <propfemale> minor \then again incidentally \if you're that way inclined \\perfume came naturally from <propfirst> \for cars she couldn't care less \fastidious and precise \she's a killer <propfemale> \gunpowder, gelatine\dynamite with a laser beam \guaranteed to blow your mind \anytime  ?"
spending time with my hunny      love 
catching up and soon will be okay    and yesterday didn't suck as much as it could have so     i guess i am     content  wink 
happy b-day to me    i suppose    sigh   
thank you for the birthday wishes people  wink 
not sure how to feel right now    all mixed up with after thoughts and unanswered questions    but at least i got an ending to my story   hmph
love the coyote wash for their free wifi  laugh 
1up
popped on to say hi    off to <propfemale> land and then work again in the morrow! fair thee well all!
is    thankful for employment and days off from said employment!
is back in black!
playing charades and stuff    always a good time  laugh 
yawn
boop beep
life is life
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh     um    um   um   um   ya
hi 
i go sleepy bye now  smile  yawn   sigh
"you know what i love, still getting butterflies and feeling that \\in love\"" warm and fuzzy feeling for the man who loves me  smile  life could be worse    indeed it could!"""
supposed to relax today but felt icky mostly     still not a horrible day overall
"well i am off to bed, fair thee all well, and good morrow!"
"she's a killer <propfemale>, gunpowder, gelatine, dynamite with a laser beam guaranteed to blow your mind,  anytime"
so happy to be brunette again  smile 
"shiny sparkly distracting little bit, sweeping,creeping, away you slip,just out of reach,you taunt and you tease,blissfully floating where ever you please leading me down a wondrous path,but knowing the pleasantry will not last before i can blink, and the thoughts can sink,disaster strikes, like a thief in the night,smack i am dead, in my final silk bed,know this, your life be at risk, as ye follow a will-o-the-wisp!"
got to play with <propmale>'s phantom mask on friday was fun  smile 
"gasoline tears and emotions of cellophane, set me on fire, it'll only ease the pain   \\my skin is not stone, i shall bleed if you prick, my heart is not ice, but will melt in your fist!\\if life is a dream in a dream, and reality isn't what it seems, and only lies can be seen, then wake me up before i scream!"
game night woohoo time to relax and have fun maybe do some improv w00t
"had fun doing improv skits    lol so much hehe best quote of the night, \have you ever pooped a squirrel?\""  laugh """
good morning time to get ready for work     laugh 
gosh dang it i think i'm getting sick  sad  i cannot afford to be sick  sad  i really hope its a 24 hour thing or something plz plz plz plz!!!!!
top of the morning to ya!
"so glad to be home, but my poor throat hurts still  frowny  waaa but work wasnt bad at least, i mean getting paid to play taboo     ya it could be worse!"
omg i just remembered i have to get up at 4am    boo you *bleep*
"hachew hachew, cough cough, kablewie, sniffle       sad "
"every time i get sick it seems my singing voice changes, i am hoping it doesnt get worse as  i get better  sad "
"when it feels like the whole dang worlds coming down, and i cant take it anymore, the sky is falling and i'm locked outside the door, the rain comes down, to wash away my tears, the storm rolls on, just like my many fears, but where is my umbrella, and the one to hold me tight, where is my hero, where is my <propfemale> knight?    >>>"
"i feel 10x better than last week lets hope it sticks when i head to work! one more week getting up @ 4am and then i'm back to afternoons     hmmm     think i prefer mornings, but maybe i'll try for overnights?   ? dunno"
"there's a time for love and a time for living  you take a <propmale> and face the wind  an open road and a road that's hidden a brand new life around the bend  there were times when i lost a dream or two found the trail, and at the end was you  there's a path you take and a path untaken the choice is up to you my friend  nights are long but you're on your way to a brand new life(x2) brand new life around the bend "
"omg i usually don't mind walking everywhere but today sucked! went shopping & pushed cart 2 a payphone, 2 call cab, like 10ft from store doors & stupid cart locked up & phone stole my money & i had 2 drag cart back to a diff phone opposite side of store & got frustrated switched all the groceries 2 another cart pushed it 2 the other phone called cab & then it was locked again  sad  so pooped now  sad "
can't wait for <propmale> to get home   sigh been a long day
"been a good weekend so far, enjoying the time with my hunny  smile "
good morning viet <propfemale> grab your socks and drop your (e playful letive deleted) it's reveille time!!!!
"la la \lalalala"
here goes something    
okay okay you can all stop looking    where in the world is <propfirst> san <propmale>? where is <propmale>?  i think we can all assume they are together     it must be the attraction to the color red?
(insert witty quote here)
happy happy joy joy
be thankful you are not a turkey!
yawn
i  love  the a team    original mostly but the movie was pretty good minus some alterations of the original plot of course  playful 
aw rip <propfirst> nielsen     so many greats are passing lately  sad 
is it friday yet?
i am such a gleek!  laugh 
omg exhausted felt like today would never end
superduper glad for the weekend   ah sigh
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb til monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!     i did!"
"let's not be alone forever, why should we be,\if we are not forgotten, why should they weep,\let your tears bath me, let them wash my sins away\you keep me alive, long after my dying days"
easy a was pretty funny and makes me want to watch all my fav 80's movies but alas i must be off to bed  smile  let your slumber be but a bridge to the world that awaits you!!!!
garlic
apples and oranges
yay for soundtracks
i just can't get enough of piers <propfirst>     so glad he is still around  smile 
inspiration takes all forms and has no limits!
"i became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity  ~edgar <propmale> poe\?"
w00t for pay day
"epic day with my hunny bunch, sang 9-5 karaoke and    ya  smile "
was  a great weekend  smile 
yay just got my 2011 writers market! w00t
writing time    
have to work the next 7 days in a row  sad  but at least their will be extra money for it  laugh 
"if you gotta, go down!\go loud!\go strong!\go proud!\go on!\go hard or go home!"
just finished reading unicorn point of the adept series by piers <propfirst>    sigh i will never stop loving his books! the man is a genius and i do not throw that word around lightly!
all this talk about equality  the only thing people really have in common is that they are all going to die   ~bob <propmale>
" love   love   love  had a good anniversary with <propmale>, 5 years    still love em so much!!!!  love   love   love "
"i'm going in for the kill, i'm doing it for the thrill, i'm hoping you'd understand    and not let go of my hand     laugh "
not a bad day over all   smile 
"mirror mirror shattered on the floor, why don't you love me anymore  mirror mirror, each broken little piece, why when i turn to you, do you always leave?  mirror mirror, with crimson stains, why do you take from me, what pulses in my veins?"
what's on your mind?
goodnight all
halfway <propfirst>    oh wednesday you double edged sword you!
i like spoiling myself once in a while except that it is really hard for me to do it because i hate spending money on myself    oh well  playful 
good night sleep tight and all that jazz  laugh 
going to <propfemale> bay tonight to finally celebrate darins and my 5th year anniversary  laugh  we didnt get a <propmale> to on the 2nd but oh well
had a blast and forgot how much i missed hanging out at <propfirst>'s
grocerys shopping done and laundry done and house clean even dishes are done    even had time to cuddle snuggle lol    now im done sigh lol exhausted but content!
so i am back to working graveyards officially     of course my work neglected to tell me this until i got my schedule at work today that said i should have worked midnight last night   oops so now im back home and will go bk tonight for midnight  laugh  sigh ah life gotta luv it!
made it through my first late night shift in whoo quite a few years and didnt fall asleep even once! very proud of myself  laugh 
so tired    good night or good morning which ever the case may be
i  love  captain <propfirst> sparrow  laugh 
off to work    six days till the weekend lol
"in between the lines there's a lot of obscurity \i'm not inclined to resign to maturity "
peeps who are involved int he bbq on the 12th plz let me know if you are coming an what you are bringing asap thanks!!!
we lost the bleeps the sweeps and the creeps!
"doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%!! so true, !!!!"
life could be a dream sweet heart
sleepy time for <propfemale>    sigh  then back to the grindstone  annoyed 
"\there's a girl in the garden\"""""
getting ready for the walk to work     sounds <propfemale> out there hmmmm
i need to pour myself a cup of ambition
"??????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's nieces week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? ?????????????????"
time to bundle up and head on out    work     ready or not   here i come!
weekend thank you so much for getting here! sigh
enjoying an epic weekend with my hunnybunch  laugh 
hungreeeeeeee heifers we wont give you      a bum steer!
yay for the weekend!  laugh 
cleaning and looking forward to the bbq tomorrow     laugh 
yay bbq day     sucks more people couldn't make it even with a months warning but it will be a blast none the less  laugh  supposed to be a gorgeous day enjoy it folks!
heading out to the bbq now so anyone who is coming just look for us lol
bbq was awesome as was the after party! time to just relax
at least it will be a short shift for me but still not ready for the weekend to be over  sad  anyway i am off to the grindstone 
so tired can i go back to bed please  sad 
okay okay okay
"you can set your mind on fire, you can free your soul, you can walk the edge of wires and never be full   you can spit venom at your foes, and forget the ones you love, but until you learn acceptance it will never be enough \\the bridges you've burned are ashes in the wind, the good deeds you've done are tainted with sins  say what you want, life will go on, time will not stop for you    for very long!"
so    now what?
"nice i just got a message that my \stories are epic!\"" how cool is that?"""
step in time
"i miss t g i f  used to love watching it every weekend with my big brothers, we even hooked up a car battery to a tv when we were camping once so we wouldnt miss it  laugh "
i don't feel so great  sad 
i have nothing to say    
"bored before work, hoping <propmale> gets home b4 i have to leave   "
at work just trying to stay awake   sigh i'm getting to old for this playful 
grease is the word
apple
"(apple)  enjoying my day off with my hunny, i got to walk the floor at work so work could have been worse, not a bad start to the weekend   laugh "
i dunno
is @ work wishing
so tired    gotta do laundry and dishes    sigh life is dirty
g'night
workin
stupid netbook crashed  sad 
so very much
