5d654aec7240374f3f76607d0db3d9cd
just made oatmeal and failed horrendously  ended up with the kind of stuff <propmale> twist would ask for more of 
"no matter how long i have a black cat, it will always give me the heebie jeebies when i look into utter darkness and then see two yellow eyes staring at me "
"according to my fortune cookie, i will live a long life and will eat many fortune cookies "
"with fronds like these, well who needs anemones?  smile "
"therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself  each day has enough trouble of its own   <propfirst> 6 smile 4"
"my facebook language is now set on pirate language  smile  by \updating my status\"" i am now \""blabberin t' <propfemale> mates\"""""
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody! you guys are all awesome  smile 
"\i can tell that we are gonna be friends\"""""
owl city!! and deas vail!! and lights!! all in one night!! with ayla hood!! i'm excited!! can you tell  smile 
concert was fun! and packed  but totally worth it!
good movie tonight- to save a life  had fun!
i was daydreaming and i caught myself thinking about those nifty contraptions that peel and core an apple simultaneously and how they work   i'm really not sure why my thoughts ended up there 
finds it funny how the hope of a snow day takes away any and all motivation to do homework 
"was feeling restless, so what does she do?  builds a blanket fort of course!"
life is just so    so daily 
ugh i should not have clicked that link    i put that on my list of things i can't unsee 
finds it disappointing how the cards don't dance when i win solitaire on my ipod 
just found two 4 leaf clovers! i've now found 3 in less than a week  smile 
ha there's nothing quite like going to school and immediately being told to go back home because the power's out! this is a good day 
has anyone heard about a dress down day tomorrow?  i got an email saying you can dress down for two dollars but i never heard anything about it this week 
it's concert time smile !!!
got hit by a band member's water bottle! and almost got hey monday's drum stick! i touched it but someone else got it 
is excited for homecoming tomorrow  smile 
"my dishwasher sounds like it's crying   but i can't say i blame it; if my sole purpose in life were to wash dishes, i'd probably cry too "
"relient k, deas vail, and <propmale> (3 of my favorite bands) are coming to ohio for a christmas concert, but of course, it's in akron   it's too far, so i can't go   oh well, c'est la vie "
sometimes i wish time would stop for a week just so i could catch up on everything that i want to finish   maybe i could start by not wasting time on facebook 
thanks again for the birthday wishes everybody!  i had a great day  smile 
you know it's bad when your teacher says she hopes you get some sleep tonight 
