a856ee9d5cc89b7ba4faa44b22fbcf91
"i am just sitting here  i got my tongue pierced again 2 days ago and it hurts like a *&$%^@@#!!! so, i am wide awake  if any one wants to chat   i am totally here! lol"
"also, i think i might have lost some feeling in the tip of my tongue  is that normal?"
"i am just sitting here wondering why, why, why people gotta keep drama going? what is it that makes others lives so friggin empty that they have to force their unhappiness and boredom onto others? why are some people so shallow and insensitive and selfish"
"and another thing     what do i have to do to find a good man? are there any left out there? lol i am a good woman, and a good person     why do nice guys, (girls) have to finish last?"
my migraine is on my mind  i feel like crap on a stick!
"i am wondering why certain men take women for granted  i wonder why how it is that as human beings we can have such disregard for each other and use others, and cause pain and suffering and not care about it! why is it that people take advantage of the lo"
hello facebook friends! i am just contemplating the paths we take in life 
decisions    decisions      
"my daughter is sick and throwing up everywhere  she is dehydrated and unable to keep anything down, including her anti-nausea and anti-convulsant medication  i am worrying about her  she is dizzy and dehydrated  i don't want to take her and the other 4 ki"
still throwing up  sad 
she seems 2 feel a little better now 
hello every one  we're back from va! just chillin @ home trying to recoup!
i am so totally bored  i wish i could sleep!
"okay fb, i can't <propfemale> any more, lol  i have to get ready for church in a few hours so i am gonna force my eyes shuttttttt!!!! ttyl"
"just sitting here with my kids, all 5 of them, and my <propfemale>, contemplating life   you'd think that after all this time i'd have some of life figured out by now!"
why in the heck cant i get a good facebook pic!!! everyone has good pics and i look like i took this pic @ work   oh wait    i did take it at work! lol
"llcool j is on ncis la!!! ooo, he's bringing sexy back!!! lol"
sitting here in church    it's good today
"i am worried about my daughter   she is 6 and she has epilepsy   she has been having alot of seizures lately, and the doctors can't stop it "
i'm sad as hell cuz i'm leavin my baby in ga  9 hrs on the road with 5 kids  if that ain't love i don't know what is!
aint love grand fb?!  lol just thought i'd share!  i haven't had anything good to say since the dish ran away with the (ho)spoon!
"i am reaching out to any other single mothers who's baby daddy is  lame and is trying to take her kids!!  i need legal help!  after  abandoning his family, running off with this chick who is too dum to see  what she ran off with, not seeing his kids since last july, no christmas presents, no birthday presents, not even a phone  call since last summer, he now feels that he is somehow worthy to get my  kids for visits "
"he didn't even show up to the court ordered  supervised visitation that he had last year   he doesn't even know how  sick my kids really are, or what is even wrong with them  you all know  more about thier status than he does, and that is sad   i need help!!!"
"so  fb fam, if you know a good lawyer that will help a single mom with 5  special needs kids on disability keep her kids safe, get at me!!!  please!!!  i am all they have, and they are all i have "
let's see who is paying attention      every  single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious  decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!  let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and  paste this in your status  i w   ill be watching to see who really  i   s   i <propfemale> my friendships!!!!4
wellllllll!!!
"nigaz n flies i do despize! the more i see nigaz, the more i like flies!"
"i am so flippin happy!!! he finally asked me to \go with\"" him  lol"""
"i am really hurting because my father cur me off over some woman he met in another country who is 2 years older than me  he wants to marry her in july and wonders why i can't accept him, her, and whatever children they may have after he fuc*ed up me and my brothers  wow  i need prayer yall!!! all because i want my \daddy\"" """
happy mothers day to all the moms out there holding it down for their famlies 
"feelin like, \nigga pleeze\""!"""
good night everyone   i cant <propfemale> on any longer   xoxo
made it all the way to ga…chillin with my baby! not! its hot out here!lol
my baby just took his first two steps on his own!!!!!!
"good morning fb fam! and what a glorious morning it is!!!  having a great time with the family   im about to feed the kids, compliments of days inn! lol what are 'yall up to today?"
"out & about with an old friend! me & my girl haven't <propmale> out in about a year! isn't it great to reconnect with people who knew you before you were \mrs \"" or \""mommy\""!"""
"sometimes a person can get so caught up on their own happiness that they forget who and what they are   sometimes the dream is better than the reality  sometimes you forget what you are worth   most of the time you forget \what a cost you are to those around you   sometimes you need to know that someone will love you no matter what that cost may be   most of the time though, you find someone who can't or wont invest "
and what the hell anyway?  it's their money 
all fb fam     please keep my friend in prayer   please pray for a positive and fixable outcome   thank you 
please someone out there! pray please beseach the father  i can't say why     but please just pray for my friend!  this is a matter that can change their life forever and gods wisdom <propfemale> and love are oh so desperately needed!
"i ask again, please please stop whatever you are doing for just a moment and pray   thank you and god bless       from both of us "
thank you all so very much for all of your prayers! a good friend of mine really nbeeded the hand of the lord in their life today  the prayers you all sent up really helped   thank you & god bless you 
out enjoying a beautiful day with my beautiful children 
why did my mom just tell me that there are frogs outside my house!!!  what do i do if one of them comes in here?!  eeeeeekkkkkkk!  lol
"can't wait until tomorrow  i hope this is it this time! i'm scared, but i'm gonna jump anyway  life is too short to be afraid where i land     just please catch me "
so far    so good!!!!!
somebody please send me some ribbon on fronteerville!!!! please!!!!
"promise to my child: i will stalk you, freak \out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your nightmare, embarrass \you in front of your friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound until the \day you understand why i do it   then i will know you are a responsible \adult  all because i love you! you'll never find anyone who    loves you\ & cares about you more than i do!! ~copy and paste if you feel the \same"
"the people that you love the most, the ones who you allow closest to you are the ones that have the most power to hurt you  am i that bad of a person that you have to stab me in the back like that? you could atleast have the decency to say it to my face!"
that's what i get for wanting friends and a family and not wanting to be alone 
i am so bored
why oh why did my kids eal all my m&m's last night while i was sleeping?
"chillin in ga with the new family for the holiday   having a great time while the kids get to meet all thier aunts, uncles, cousins, grand-parents, great-grand parents, and on and on and on and on and on      gives new meaning to the term \big\"" family   lol"""
"day 2 and all is well      still having a blast   church earlier, i met even more nice people today   the kids and i are adjusting well   yay!!!  truly enoying the vacation!"
"i am thankful, and i just wanted to share that with someone who may be struggling   if it hurts you, it's not for you!  life is not supposed to hurt!!! (who knew?!)  thank you lord   amen "
"my promise to my child: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound  because i love you! when you understand that, i will know you are a responsible adult  you will never find someone who loves you    cares about you, and worries about you more than your mom! copy n paste if you are a real mom"
unhappy 
"happy again  love my hubby, he's the best "
i am in so much friggin painnnnn!! come on ibuprofen!
"why did my son just come up to his dad and i to show us his \girlfriends\""phone number?  smh!!!"""
4am & still snowing        i'm calling it! snow day!!!!!!
"okay   so my eldest had to get some blood drawn today   he is 9   after he freaked out at the sight of the needle, then got over it     got his arm taped up     he suddenly became unable to use said arm because of the itty bitty bandage on it and needed help putting on his coat   he then proceeded to limp out of the blood-draw lab   smh "
"qotd: is it wrong to flirt, or keep an old flame burning while you are in a relationship?"
"if you get that last post, \you might be a red-neck\""!  lol - blue collar comedy tour eat your heart out!"""
"really feeling like i have very few friends out there   i see all these happy faces and i feel so far removed from all of them  i see people i reached out to, people i used to be, or thought i was close to   i just feel pretty alone right now "
hmmmmm       lets see
"happy now!!!  turns out    there are people out there that i matter to, even if i don't see them!  (who knew?!)   smile "
