2d64978815e8a341d0771966c4153dbf
my scripts are more like novels  - -
i can't wait to get my hair back to it's best color   red!  love 
"writing and editing, editing and writing "
"hey, i enjoyed 'night of the iguana!' is that so wrong?!"
must   order   jane <propfemale> workout dvds   don't   have   vcr   in   my   room!
"\i don't like standard beauty - there is no beauty without strangeness \"" -<propfirst> lagerfeld"""
"i should probably stop sleeping all day and staying up all night routine   it's like the boring, mortal version of a vampire "
"hahaha, no really, you look great   "
with el sombrero on our heads   
"\what is that? it looks like a cross between a pig and a bear!\"" \""a pear?!\"""""
"retro week is over! starting now, post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality  be creative  it will be interesting to see what whom you choose   copy and paste this so we can all play along "
a lil black <propfemale> by the name of 'sookie' has joined our family today   smile  it's exausting being a mama (again) 
"\it's the 80's! do a lot of coke and vote for <propfirst> reagan!\"""""
do others know how their behavior and attitude effects those around them?
"please send your best wishes to my dad's recovery (he's in the hospital because his appendix burst)  also, rip uncle <propfirst>  i'm glad i had the <propmale> to meet you "
"i'm already excited for halloween this year   oh darkwing manor, i give you my blood, sweat, tears, and screams yet again   laugh "
"\dogs never bite me  just humans \"" -<propfemale> <propmale>"""
whoa   i don't see a ringer on your finger!
"dad's back in the hospital  yet again, the health care in the rogue valley has failed us "
there is no weakness in this dojo!
"dad's back home, resting  thank you all for your prayers and best wishes!"
no peace and quiet today or tonight it seems  -_-
"apparently 'fatal frame' does not exist in medford  not the first one, the second one, the third one, or the fourth one! come on blockbuster! that's four games  you have zero  you suck "
hmm   been feeling weird lately (and not my normal weird )
i hate those air wick comercials  it doesn't smell that good 
"i just want to tell all of my dear friends who have got through incredible pain and loss these past few years or for a long time that you are truly the strongest people i know  because of you, i know how blessed i really am  i love and admire you dearly "
"\infants are such babies \"""""
@<propfirst> just did my hair and it has not looked this cute in a loooong time  love it!  love 33
this is all making me nervous 
"\he's a cop  he's a rabbi  they're cops  except for the rabbi \""?"""
i'm so lucky to be part of such a great wolf & badger pack   smile 
"i wish my foot would heal faster so i could jog or shop or something  - - and to think, i used to be a master in the immobile arts   "
i don't think i've been so happy content for this long in quite a few years   smile 
"\that's how i survived  time and time again  that's my secret  i survived because i willed it to be      how did i survive apocalyptic fire? i simply refused to feel the flames \"" -<propfemale> frost"""
"ugh, i feel miserable   sad "
my body hurts all over   crying  i don't like this 
<----doctor blondie; medicine woman 
fatigued and getting over a bout of depression  i'll be alright 
"no more depression! just fatigue! i can handle that  mmm, night night   love "
"alright, so badgey and i need a name for a group of people who fall off their shoes and get injured   yes, you read that right "
"wow, my 21st birthday is coming up fast! i'll have a capri sun with just a hint of a crazy straw, please   "
people exhaust me!
"alright, well, looks like everything's calming down a bit (including me) thanks to my wonderful friends  *<propmale> frasier clap*"
i got my first paycheck today and i've lost 5 pounds this week   smile  talk about a good day!!!
"aw, i think i broke my stomach!  sad  i've never been so afraid to eat ice cream   nom nom nom!"
4 more days until i'm officially 21  whew!
"busy weekend! got to bleach a shower with badgy, open a checking account, hit a sale at kohls, and then go up to wilsonville over night for my aunt's wedding the next day, and then on sunday, it's the big 2-1  oy vay   "
i am officially 21 years old 
awwww! thank you everyone for the 'happy birthday' comments!  love 
"had a lovely birthday  thank you, everyone! going to start reading <propfemale> silverman's book, 'the bedwetter'   laugh "
<propmale> elvgren's work makes me happy   smile 
i'm sleepy   i just want to curl up in a little ball and sleep like the kitties do   *yawn & stretch* meooooooooow 
feeling fatigued  need a good cat nap!
"is fine  i mean, i'm not running around, wind in my hair, the hills are alive with the sound of music fine, but   "
i'm so sleepy that i can't sleep!
to be content is to snuggle with your animals for a nice little nap   smile 
"i love coming back from barnes & <propmale> with a fresh batch of books! seriously, books are like cookies to me   love  i'm such an odd duck "
"dad just got me a gorgeous 1930's dress i was drooling over on ebay (i didn't know he bought it, i just got it in the mail today)  seriously made my week   smile "
it's too hot! i need to buy a fan for my room   ugh 
just a heads up to anyone who calls me   my cell phone is stooooopid and i don't get a lot of texts or voicemails until later  gonna get a better phone soon (mines old)  i swear i'm not ignoring anyone!
jace and i are getting ready to play veteran on re5  wheeeeee!
i'm coming down with a rather nasty head cold  the only good news seems to be that i'll probably lose my voice soon!
"still feeling icky  if anyone needs to talk to me, i'd advise a text  my voice is gone and i can't exactly talk on the phone  just a warning "
"doctor blondie, medicine woman's advice; do not eat nachos when you're sick  now excuse me whilst i travel back in time to slap my hand away from the nachos of the past "
i can't believe i've been sick all week! that's ridiculous   sad  i guess it's kinda a good thing my boss and fellow accident prone sister was also sick  *cough-cough-hack-up-lung* get better soon mse!  laugh 
"usually i like to watch happy and funny things, but when i'm sick, i must watch the 'tudors'  makes no sense "
i think i'm just getting more and more ill   troubled 
"alright, fright fest nw  who else is going?"
"\happiness is not a circus clown rolling around in a big tractor tire so that his arms and legs form 'spokes ' happiness is when he stops \"""""
why does my brain insist on freezing up as soon as i decide to get back to writing?! brain! i've got scripts to write! don't make me come up there   
"\today is a day for vapor trails!\"""""
blah  thank dog this day is almost over 
"busy day today! there will be hair and makeup everywhere, like a beauty shop battlefield "
reading dirty sci-fi novels and listening to grace jones  times like these that i really wonder who would ever marry a girl like moi  ^____^
i hate it when my car has problems  it freaks me out  -_- maybe i should just walk everywhere   hahahahahahahaha!
"now listening to massive attack's 'inertia creeps' and getting ready to settle down with a nice bed-time story   'pride and predjudice and zombies'  for me, this is joy   smile "
i hate when i have the day off or it's the weekend and i still wake up at 7 or 8am   and i can't go back to sleep  i used to be such an e playful ert at sleeping in   
just got really ill all of a sudden  ugh   
"been fighting off a panic-nervous breakdown for a few months now  it's taken it's toll on me mentally and physically, so i'm just trying to rest now  might be mia for a while, but don't worry about me  just need a mental rest!"
i have a cold   booogers!
hoping i'll be cured by monday   
"been rewatching red vs blue (blood gulch chronicles, reconstruction, relocated, recreation)  best  online  series  ever "
finally feeling better! not doing anything for two weeks is annoying 
"have i ever mentioned how annoying i find script-writing?! yes? well, let me just remind everyone again; it's annoying  words!"
"there are a bunch of young and attractive men in my backyard, painting our house  i'm home alone   must not turn on sprinklers resist urge  but i might go running outside covered in fake blood and then ask one of them what year it is   "
i adore my friends  just one night of d&d with them and i've forgotten about any depression or anything else stressful   love 
today has just proved a theory i've been trying to prove correct for years! being a nerd is a blast!  love 
"renfaire 2010 was a blast! even though it was 100 degrees and i was in a corset, i'd do it again in a heartbeat   love "
reading 'island of the sequined love nun' by <propfirst> moore and trying to get some sleep tonight  i wish i could take sleeping pills  those commercials make them look soooo nice   
"got a ton of awesome movies to watch from a friend (including some bogey & bacall)  mostly old, cheesy horror sci-fi flicks   love  i'm in heaven "
"\\o  h e l p !!!\i'm drowning in the clutter in my room!!!!!!!"
"sprint, i hate you "
getting over some depression  watching futurama with a few good friends always helps   smile 
"side note; how can someone not enjoy 'fight club'? seriously, jace? is you fo reals?"
currently obsessed with red dead redemption and rule of <propfemale>  i see an 'r' trend here    surprise 
"to all my dear friends; i am feeling quite under the weather and depressed  i need to rest, then get my arse in gear  but for now, i'll be pretty much ignoring my cell phone until further notice  i've already cancelled any plans for the rest of this week  please, let me rest! it takes a bit longer for me to get back to functioning properly  thank you "
"rule of <propfemale> is so beautifully disturbing   love  why am i so attracted to grungy, peculiar, and risque things? don't answer that  it was rhetorical "
"still on a social hiatus  not bothering with my phone or any get-to-gethers  these little bouts of depression i get every once in a while can last up to a few months, so please, let me be!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=g2u8yfkm9ny
"3 & 6 are the ones i use mostly to hug people  however, <propfirst>, i think we need to practice #5 for futurama nights  \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=0a6vs-v_5r4"
"i have slept for almost two days, awaken for an hour or two in between, and waking up in a cold sweat and completely exausted still! i'm really weak too  this is miserable   sad  going to need to get my hormones tested soon  somethin' just ain't right!"
"there are no stupid questions, just stupid people \\ha "
"dearest friends and family; thank you so much for you <propfemale> and well-wishes  as most of you know, getting through something difficult is nearly impossible without that little bit of knowledge that there are people out there who love you, and are waiting for you on the other side of the bridge whenever you need them "
sick   sad  maybe i'll feel better in the morning 
"aha! so, it may be my thyroid that's giving me all this trouble! i'll know in a week or two  it makes sense (nudge to those who know me)  see!? i wasn't going crazy! hehehehehe  hahahahahaha  hohohohohohoho   they're coming to take me away!"
"9 11  i still remember where i was when we watched the crashes live on tv that morning  i will never forget, neither should you "
"doctor's appointment today   sad  the whole shebang and blood work  on one hand, i'm happy to finally have some answers to what the hecks going on with me  on the other hand, i have five fingers "
"i got my blood drawn  i didn't pass out  i've been talking in a ridiculous british accent for the past five hours and listening to edwyn collins  i played left 4 dead and killed my teammates, then let the zombies take me  doctors have cold hands  i need to go to sleep!"
i wish i could be as cool as <propfirst> simmons 
"it's not my thyroid! i just have vitamin d deficiancy and i'm slightly anemic! yay! vitamin d deficiancy = osteoporosis, heart disease, hypertension, autoimmune diseases, certain cancers, depression, chronic fatigue, and chronic pain "
those charmin bears enjoy toilet paper way too much   
"lethargic  depressed  choppy sentences  that's about the best update i can give right now   troubled  the sun isn't really helping, it just makes me sweat  at least i still have my sense of humor   ugh!"
"does anyone else ever have a dream that they're fighting with someone and wake up really really pissed off at that person? how about dreaming you got something cool, like a kitten, and wake up and look for it? or those stupid 'a baseball is being thrown at you! dodge!' ones, where you almost fall off the bed and startle yourself  this is what happens when you sleep 20 hours a day   troubled  i'm becoming a dream e playful ert  ha "
"rip <propfirst> <propfirst>  crying  it's so weird, i was just watching 'sex and the single girl' the other day  i loved <propfirst> "
"you don't have to agree with being gay  you don't have to support it  but if you harass someone because they're gay, you're insecure with your own sexuality  if you're gay, lesbian, bi, trans, asexual, whatever; there's nothing wrong with you  don't let anyone tell you otherwise, because it's none of their business   troubled "
"for the record, i do not enjoy writing scripts  -_- well, some twisted, sick part of me does   ugh "
"there isn't anything i enjoy more than curling up with a great mystery book on a rainy night   apart from killing zombies and saving the world, that is   "
"sorry for being anti-social lately  family are the only ones seeing me now  i just need to regroup and get some things done  you know how i am (or should, by now!)"
"i'm so glad my life is not like a musical  seriously, i only know about 3 people who can actually sing   guess that never stopped <propfirst> beiber or ke$ha though   "
"i'm worried  our cat sassy isn't doing so well (she's 16+)  she's acting like fat cat did before she passed on, which is not at all fun to watch  the worst is that she could be like this for only a day or even a few weeks before she's ready to go  poor baby   crying "
"dearest friends; you may not have seen or spoken with me since the beginning of this month  i apologize for my absence, but i'm taking a personal hiatus from socializing a lot so that i can work on changing my eating and sleeping patterns  i'm too exahusted and frusterated to really socialize outside of my family for now, but i'm still thinking about all of you every day  love you all dearly!  love "
reading '<propfemale> karenina'  had to buy a version with bigger print because the one we had made me go cross-eyed   
"i've said it once, and i'll say it again  \fornicate the constable!\""\",2d64978815e8a341d0771966c4153dbf,on new anti-depressant medication  feel icky  having a hard time remembering   anything  i hate feeling so useless 
oh no! <propfemale> seems to have brought me an early chrismukkah present; wisdom teeth  i feel bad for babies now   sad  i'm nomming on my shirt and waiting for the advil to kick in  golly 
"i feel like such a little kid on christmas <propfemale> night  i can hardly sleep, i'm so excited! it doesn't help that i've recently dropped <propfemale> karenina for <propfemale> drew   21 going on 12!"
iwantaperm   
screw it  i'll start my diet friday  time for some 2am nachos!
on new year's i chopped off all my hair   joyful  who knew i'd actually look adorable with a pixie cut? i didn't 
need a friend right now? me too 
"i'm just gonna start speaking with a french accent from now on  just 'cause  it ain't against the law or nothing  besides, how do you know i'm not really french? maybe i just fake an american accent? see? you're the stupid one "
"playing fallout new vegas   still  why can i never be bad?! i always have such good <propfemale> in fallout  yeah, i'm totally ncr's bitch "
is it wrong that when i play fallout new vegas i kill people with nice clothes just so i can wear them? i just want to wear a pretty dress!  troubled 
"bought one of those '24 hour lipsticks' that promises it won't come off   and it doesn't! i got a fire engine red color, naturally, and i've been harrassing people by showing them that i can kiss anything and my lipstick won't smear  it even stayed on when i ate nachos! can life get any better?!"
"had a great day yesterday, and i'm thinking the rest of this year will be eventful for me as well  i can't wait!  laugh "
another good day   smile  visited with my dear friends and got an awesome pin-up book from badgy (yay!) feeling social and loved again   love 
 love  had a blast with my girls today! it's so nice to have good friends who make you laugh all day!
"\they're coming for you barbaraaaaaaah!\"""""
i have 15 minutes of audio of someone turning the pages in a book on my ipod  yes  seriously  it's the best thing in the world   smile  am i the only one who gets eargasms from strange sounds?!
don't shoot people  shoot zombies 
"recieved some of the best news of my life today, reguarding my future with ssi  it was the most shocking, happiest letter i've ever recieved and for once, i was speechless   smile "
"looking for an apartment, la la la   "
the new vanity fair has an interview with <propfirst> bacall   love  she's marvelous 
sick   troubled  not much more to say about it  nothing witty to add  just want to put my head on the desk and sleep  yey 
