70e806f7bbb7a60e1613b31467f88c0e
i am a man truly blessed!
"just wrapped up the last day of my transition with my replacement     have a 15 <propfemale> paper left to write, a trip to baghdad for business, and then i'm outta here   i'll be home in two or so weeks!  smile "
just arrived in baghdad   after 4 hours on a plane   from a place that's only 20 minutes away   pretty sure i can now say i've covered most of iraq in the air   holy moly!
thankful for all those who have given their lives for me and my family   may your sacrifices never be forgotten 
after close to 8 months of deployment and away time    i finally get to be with my son again!  smile   couldn't be a better day!
it's official   my separation from the air force was approved today   i'll no longer be an officer as of 31 dec    sad 
is on the hunt for a job!  anyone know of any open positions in either information technology management or project management???
i am truly blessed!   smile 
"percocet makes me loopy, not that i mind too badly cuz the massive throbbing pain is gone, but i'm just so thankful for great friends who are helping me out!"
"landen: i have good news and i have bad news\kristin: you dropped the kids off at the pool but you can't get 'em out of the car?\landen: yup\lmao!"
my life has never been better   and there's so much more in store!  smile 
"it's official: we're moving to charleston, sc next month   i received my formal job offer today!  smile "
"landen: daddy, i drank a lot   i drank at school, i drank at home, i drank before bed   and     boooyah   i peed    i mean, i peed a lot!"
"well, we are officially out of az  thank you everyone who helped move all our stuff  i will miss all my friends who we left behind  love you all "
"i think there should be a warranty on one's body    if you're falling apart before the age of 40, you should be able to go to god and get a new one! i feel old "
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  thank you all who continue where i left off "
"we just got back from vienna, austria on sunday and tomorrow we're off to rome for the thanksgiving holiday!  smile   so much to be thankful for and my life is better than i ever thought possible!  life  is  great!"
"a regular person has 1000 wishes; a soldier only one: to come home safely   in honor of my boy who is out there fighting for our freedom and to keep the war away from my family, i post    praying for all who are still away fighting, and a great thanks to all others serving past, present and future! there is no greater love than he who lay down his life for a friend   praying for your safe return brother "
"she said    \yes!\""   smile """
"one year ago today, my life changed forever: i met the woman of my dreams   i love you <propfemale>!"
