bdc471e8a71e4ea8208911f31d1c5f28
"practice, work, senior project stuff, and more practice  hit up the cell    please "
bed  senior project stuff again tomorrow           cali is tuesday!  laugh 
i think i'm gonna chill
"back from cali! (good!) three reports, and senior project stuff (bad) leave for cruise on thursday!!!!!!!!!!!! (sweet) be back saturday (the 11th)"
cruiseeeee tomorrow!
"we're back! tired, half insane, and freaky tan lines     yep cruises rock!"
swimming    on a sunday!?
pow of my pow    almost done though!
"the best feeling in the world is when you think you're gonna die cause you're so cold and your driving home with the heat all the way up and still shivering, but then you get home and run up the stairs as fast as you can to get into the hot shower that mi"
"a little confused, and scared    the pool was warm and practice wasn't hard     what is he planning!?"
"morning practice, work, (then hopefully volleyball) , senior project stuff "
discovered all butterfly endurance i ever had is totally gone  back to square one!
is done with his senior project!!!  laugh 
work tomorrow    another great unlce <propfirst> weekend
alrighty then! lessons tomorrow for an hour! the day off afterward!  laugh  swimming at night swim!
water polo was  kinda the bomb  nuff said 
i love my job!     well maybe not today       sad 
lifewater and carmelcorn
pain in the form of lots and lots of blisters    
is stepping forward with a new resolve!  laugh 
just finished with senior pictures!  laugh  proofs coming soon! =0
"i love the feeling of when you tilt your head to the side and there is the rolling water all around you, but you have no worries, you've done this too many times before and a pocket of air just forms around the swell of water  you suck in that sweet air and tilt your head back down, and tear through the water "
"swimming:  from the outside looking in, you can’t understand it   from the inside looking out, you can’t e playful lain it   ~author unknown"
socca! 9 smile 0-12 & 5-7 smile 0
"soccer, eat, sleep, more soccer, more eating, more sleeping"
"back to soccer at five    friday, a scrimmage on saturday, and monday are all that are left!"
rain         rain       rain       rain        rain!
soccer 5-7 smile 0   sad    thunderstorms please come!
school 
plans? i need 'em 
my resolve will push me through; you can't break me 
<propfemale> tournament for the day!
let's be 6-0!
soccer is now 10-2! keep it up sayre!
<propmale> won homecoming <propmale>!  laugh           sat's tomorrow  sad       but then homecoming tomorrow night!  smile 
ren faire tomorrow!  laugh 
new phone tomorrow! thursday is last home soccer game       sad 
flipturns!  laugh 
swimming starts friday!  laugh 
swimming countdown: 4 days!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
coach m  signature practice today  just knowing that i survived makes me feel oh so good!  laugh 
"when my church closed today, it kinda felt like someone died   sad "
all geared up for another day and a half of school!  laugh 
will remember today for a long time    
school tomorrow     sad 
somehow     i did it   laugh 
passed his senior project presentation!  laugh 
life is good!
great job all of region 27 for the awesome rlc! let's make a strong showing at states this year!  laugh 
has been accepted to york college of pennsylvania with scholarship!  laugh 
<propfirst> & michelle: 4 --- tara: 0
three day weekend!!!  laugh 
"remind me again, what happened to saturday and sunday?"
"\---gretchen weiners had cracked \"""""
"thanks sayre swimming for a wonderful 4 years! its been fun, crazy and memorable! i couldn't have asked for a better four year of my life! great job todayeveryone!  laugh "
"well just got accepted to shippensburg university honors program    awesome, but makes my college decision soooooo much harder!"
is ready for the week!      i guess 
decided to actually work on calc tonight   did all of 4 3 only to realize i was using the assigned <propfirst> for 4 4! only 9 out of the 27 problems i did were actually assigned    nice  real nice 
will this painting never end!!!??? calc after  text 
i seriously need to swim  no joke 
spring break!!!  laugh 
a nice big bag of wint-o-green mints  +  <propfemale> fbla slc  =  lots of state officers with fresh breath!  smile 
"i had the best time in hershey ever! love my team so much! unforgettable states, looking forward to nationals!"
"if i could rewind my life back one week, i would "
senior trip                                          come now 
final decision: ursinus college
"oh swimming, how i missed you!  smile "
all of calc to do still    ha ha ha
<propfemale> estes    please do waac!  sad 
"alright, one more week of calc after this  you can do it  you won't die "
happy birthday to <propfirst> <propfirst> rizboskin!  smile 
so! uh    who else is not having a life this weekend?  laugh 
survival week: day 1 down! let's get it seniors!  smile 
survival week: tomorrow in the final day --- ace calc final!!!  sad   sad   sad 
a maximum of six hours of high school left to go!
calc ends tomorrow!!!
finish high school: check!  smile 
congrats sayre boys baseball!!! district iv class a champs    again!!!!!   laugh 
graduating today!  smile 
thank you class of 2010 for an unforgettable thirteen years! i love you all and graduating with you couldn't have been better! the best of luck in whatever you choose to do! let's go out there and change the world!  smile 
college orientation today and tomorrow!
had the best orientation ever!  smile 
thanks all for coming to my party yesterday! it was loads of fun!  smile 
i don't make it look easy  i just get it done 
"work, then self defense class!"
\perseverance is the ultimate ability to learn from your mistakes," the courage to forgive yourself and the conviction to move on \"" \"bdc471e8a71e4ea8208911f31d1c5f28,"\a kiss with a fist is better than none \"""""
\perseverence is the ultimate ability to learn from your mistakes," the courage to forgive yourself and the conviction to move on \"" \"bdc471e8a71e4ea8208911f31d1c5f28,time to pack!  smile 
"off to fbla nationals for the last time! nashville, i hope you're ready!  smile "
fbla nationals was all i could have hoped for and more! thank you to everyone who made my last one worth going to!  smile 
"\my life is a movie and you just ti-vo   \"""""
215 wilkinson (bwc!) woooooooooooooo college!
"grilled barbecue chicken, zatarans, v8, and kill <propmale>  pounds like an awesome evening!"
dead   
thanks <propfemale> robinson for killing me today!  laugh 
bed! early morning tomorrow! last day in the valley!!!  laugh 
moved in! for the second time!  smile 
"philadelphia tomorrow, down time, candlelight dinner? and dance afterward!!!??? i'm lovin' this place!"
philly!!!
cheese steaks at <propmale>'s!
back from philly! chillen until the candlelight dinner and dance afterward!  smile 
classes start tomorrow!  sad  the real ursinus e playful erience begins!  smile 
"survey essay, cie questions, free time, all campus picnic at paisley beach!  smile "
the sandcourt net is up!!!
"going for a quick run, then finishing up cie homework   "
"ready for the day of american places, cie, and japanese 101!"
"laundry  meeting with advisor, then going to my only class of the day: japanese!"
"cie @ 11,swimming meeting after, lunch, and who knows!?"
chilen' with sappho
"class at 12 smile 0-1:20, and 1 smile 0-4 smile 0! done for the day"
oh boy                     
the pool opens tomorrow!!!  smile 
life is good   smile 
saw 5 deer on the trail the morning!!!  laugh 
let's go sayre boys soccer!!!
'night world! friday tomorrow!!!  smile 
weekend is over    back to the grind      sad 
hope is all i got   smile 
it was a goooood night!
no stress fracture!!!  laugh 
cocolinda kopel?
cleared to swim!!!  laugh 
"\having an ebonics malfunction\"" <propfemale> kopel"""
swimming!  smile  then fall break!
great descending everyone! have an awesome fall break!  laugh 
way to go sayre boys soccer!!!
"wawa + 32 \flowing ounces\"" of chocolate milk + half a dozen doughnuts with <propfemale> lair ferrari = best night of college yet!  laugh """
oh yeah    there's morning practice 
life is good!
first college swim meet tomorrow!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
amazing job tonight bears!!!  laugh  i'm proud of all of you!!!
in a wonderful mood now thanks to <propfemale> bergquist
swimming the 200 fly and 200 breast tomorrow! should be interesting 
swimming against albright today @ 6!!!  let's go ucst!  laugh 
proud of all the bears today! way to go!!! now it's time to have some fuuunnnnn!!!!  laugh 
3 classes until thanksgiving break!  smile 
loves jellybeans and ponies and scarves!!!!!!!
let show swat what we got! let's go ucst!  laugh 
so very proud of all of the bears! awesome job everyone!!!  smile 
started a moleskine today   smile 
four days left!  smile 
go talin boyadjian get us some gold in toronto!!!!!!!!  laugh 
paper+presentation+final in another language: all tomorrow= no sleep!
uc vs  lvc today! let's go bears!!!!  laugh 
awesome job classy cougars! co-ed im volleyball champs!
devoting myself to the darkroom until my photography final!  smile 
quintmas!
1 more day! and then i'm home!!!  laugh 
"survived bear camp, and am home safe and sound!  smile "
"miss the ucst! ready to get <propfemale>, mean and tan in florida!!!!  laugh "
"so, uh this training trip is the best thing ever!!!  laugh "
back at uc for spring semester!  laugh 
meet against york tomorrow! let's kick some spartan butt!!!  laugh 
great meet today everyone! so very proud! go bears!!!  smile 
hello brit lit 
last home meet!!! let's kill some dimplomats!!!! go ucst!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
such a great week so far!!!  laugh 
great job today bears!!! now it's time to taper!!!  laugh 
good luck today lady bears!!!
yay!  laugh 
let's go ucst! let's rock the cc!
great day to be a bear!  smile 
keep it going ucst! we're doing awesome!!!  laugh 
just got back from the greatest meet of my life!!! phenomenal job ucst! so proud to see all of our six months of hard work pay off!!! great job everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
b o b d 
kimmy bullock = favorite person ever!!!  laugh 
"\ive been watchin gaga vids all day idk why \"" \",bdc471e8a71e4ea8208911f31d1c5f28,?
is a declared english <propmale> on my way to a teaching certification!  smile 
"\jesus had options!\""\",d94f2f4a04d3cc116ded5672cc95ba57,i wonder what the world would be like if we where floating dead bodies  laugh 
