00290f5f7528b9519734ce8146d33226
this year is gonna be fantidallyastic!! woot! woot!
gets mad at this weather during the day
finally <propfirst> <propmale> is dead and can't rape little boys anymore!!!
a beautiful smile - dj <propfirst>
wtf happened in hp?! does it end like that in the book? i think i missed something   
im still up at 3 in da mornin
tired from this weekend
chillin with my bro
chillin a lot lately and doin nothin in the process
damn  paranormal activity was wicked good  i am impressed  and a little scared 
i thought i smelled failure  your disillusioned accusations are tall tale signs of early-stage paranoid schizophrenia 
new phone number 720 544 1511 plz give me your number
xmas shopping today    i got myself a lot of stuff! and i got the fam a few things
christmas is like 26 days
20 days til christmas
pretty much just xmas
hark!
anyone who would fake cancer to get a happy drug placed in his brain is most certainly my idol! go dr  house ha ha!
got some new skis   they pretty ballin!
had an incredible new years <propfemale> 
<propmale> <propfirst> aint got shit on this bitch! ha ah aha a
"you just can't live in that negative way, make way for the positive day "
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting!!!!!!!"
the game
cig
doctor's orders
found the best song ha ha!
"got his phrase published on the urban dictionary, upmost dankity dank  itll be posted in a couple days!"
thizzle dance haha!
kicks ass and takes names online haha!
mkydydynmexico
no more hair on my head!
"caffiene is gonna be sick-nasty! not to mention, 2-day global dance! a!ha!ha!"
e (to the 100th) =  2 7182818284590452353602874713526624977572470936999595749669676277240766303535475945713821785251664274
anybody think they could help me with a ps3 problem    ?
caffiene anyone?
"haha caffeine, my bad!"
"easy day at work    not much work to do, yet, im still getting paid bitches haha!"
"brobible com is a must, as i will e playful lain, now: 3  spunking in a broad's mouth without any warning  this can go either way, but i generally contest that if she is sucking your <propmale> like she is on death row, then it's your civic duty to read the broad her final rights and shoot the last supper in her mouth "
"had a good, good time with my [cobl] homies haha! today was a good day "
"\chicks call me mikey   \"" [why's that?] \""'cause i like it \"" --montego slay"""
another day at work    easy and slow lol
"your welcome colorado for the lovely day, i felt it was time for a really good day haha!"
"had a superdy duper, bomb-digity massage    ballin"
"doesnt know what to say, and wants to say something "
weeds season 5    here i come!
"last night was quite disappointing    oh! olympians, why did you fail me?"
"hates bankers, politicians, and priests because they like to molest little boys "
"its done! free bird has been completed 100% on hard for guitar hero, by yours truly    me haha! woot woot!"
i just wanna give a shout out to all those who attended caffeine and had a ballin ass time! haha! woot woot!
gdf gdf gdf gdf gdf!
12 and 17 days left! woot!
"all the leaves are brown, and the sky is grey   "
goin'a get me som' co'boy boots 'nd a co'boy hat haha
april is a good month  april is damn good month 
"so i know the coolest people in the world, and i'm sorry to all who don't    haha!"
"tomorrow, i am celebrating my 1st and 20th amendment rights, through the federal law and state law respectably, to peaceably assemble in the lovely city and county of boulder to show my respect to a fantastic <propmale>!"
"so here we are, just 3:28 minutes from our first celebration!"
today is but an extraordinary day!
4 20 2010 was the best yet! it would take super-herb powers to exceed next year or the following years to come! haha!
and now 6 more days of being a fuckin teenagers    fuck!
word
my boulder homies know wuts good haha
boulder is on my mind
just got an itouch    these things are sweet!
germany just won their semi-final 2nd leg match!! tomorrow fc barcelona is gonna kick ass!! woot woot!!
"sometimes, too much is, toomuch"
wuhbada wuhbada lmfaob!!
"my grandma <propfemale> fractured her hip and just came out of surgery today  i pray for a quick, and good recovery for her "
"insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, e playful ecting different results    arrogance is insanity wrapped in carelessness  i'll continue drowning in my arrogance until i find my sanity, or until sanity finds me "
"im far from being being god, but i work god damn hard \-<propfirst> fuckin z"
wow    bombest nite ever  ha!
rollin rollin rollin we aint slept in weeks
"just got my ticket for 5 feet of foam, edc, and already got one for global!! this summer is gonna be bumpin!"
"i need an idea for a tattoo    ive got too many ideas in mind, so im lookin for some suggestions i guess"
"my hand looked pretty cool for a while, before it was bandaged  "
five feet of foam is on my mind haha!
"what a freakin morning!\gots my mornin coffee, and am workin now, so all should be well the rest of the day!"
life is good    no! it's really good!
"bored as shit \gotta make that green though \damn "
has got freakin pink eye 
i hate being bloody sick and feelin like shit 
"loves sony products    nice work brazil, wouldn't e playful ect anything less of you guys!"
"work, work, work, and more bloody work"
i dont know  i just dont freakin know 
"congrats to espana, they did quite well "
"leavin the ritz at half <propfemale> bay in about 12 hours and have to say these old, ritzy people know how to get down! haha!"
where is the snow?
"i've been trying to keep myself surrounded by good company lately, because life is just too damn hard to face alone  and i'm 1-upin' life right now "
the samsung galaxy is the sweetest phone ever!
happy christmas everybody!
"got my windows tinted, look ballin \now i just needa paint this son of a bitch lol!"
i lost my old phone and just got my new one today so i need <propfirst>  text or call me at 720 544 1511
<propmale> people rock! this is a pretty tight city
"my insanity makes perfect sense, when i'm stuck in the middle of it "
