e92bbb5c7da6025815b8a73d8a644849
"people die suddenly  thats unusal  make sure we're ready to meet god and put ourselves in good position to get into heaven  many people say, live life, but time shows you that life is not guaranteed to you  don't wait until you're dead to yell for christ to save you  you got time now  one step at a time   "
"the weather is great  sunshine once again  almost time to go out into the wolf camp and present myself as a sheep, yet     (i forgot where i was taking this)"
"god loves you  this is something we know, okay! now the question do you love jesus? the only way to love jesus is to follow what he says  do you do that? do you know what his commands are? holla at me  its a tough, yet rewarding road!"
what do you believe jesus is?
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, kentucky usa little girl, 3 yrs old picked up by man driving gray    car, license plate: quebec 72b 381  canada  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your child    what would you want people to do  just now happening!!!!! please"
"lunch time joke! a chinese couple gave birth to a black baby     husband ask wife why baby black? \wife says: you hot, me hot, sex hot,     baby bun up !!!!"
"grammar rule #13: capitalization is important  its the difference between helping your uncle <propfirst> off a horse, and helping your uncle <propfirst> off a horse "
"today is a good day  take advantage of what god wants you to do for him  it'll be okay for you  everything is temporary, especially when i go to work "
so i guess women think its cool to have a haircut like a man now? getting shape ups and waves? if you're not a professional model    please grow your hair like a real woman 
those cat daddy dudes are so weird  the one dude has a tongur ring and other mouth rings  people think thats cool? whoa    where are we going? #downthedrain
the icoc is a true place to stay away from 
tme to smarten up    
if you know god put you here for a reason   then there is nothing to fear! your time   your moment   your <propfemale> will find you   even when you feel like you dont know how or when  keep pushing forward even if you get pushed down! the story of my life! (shout to sharifa t  godfrey for this one)
"watching the <propfirst> leno show, i never knew <propfirst> hart was from philly "
"people happy over bin jaden's death, but people better come to jesus christ right now! don't think they're not plottin to get back at the us  its far from over   its just gettin started    get ya mind right!"
what can <propfirst> bark say now      he's gonna hate    pretty sure
we going to the parade in miami     we out my nigs    holla!
whats good with all these wack sneaker and heel ads on facebook? #drawlinheavy
can't respect it     
"man, sixers still       goh with every other team  why are <propfirst> fans in philly? that makes no sense  the whole city hates everything about <propfirst>  keep it real "
oh yeah     still can't stand kobe fans    they still phony and fake cocky like the bull they follow 
get to find a way out     
so i went swimming instead of my basketball workout  swimming is tough  definitelyy threw up after    a real workout
"its so funny how everybody goes to god when things are bad, but when everything is good nobody ever praises god     get it right folks! s n  life is so bananas right now! almost makes me want to spaz   "
i've just been hacked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love dirtty south rap!!!! and <propfirst> wall is my fav! #checkit!
"realizing as soon as i got up, my whole life is embodied to faith and having god as my only source  since moving to florida, every part of my life involves me depending on god solely   its good, but hard thing to do at first  its getting better "
"god is giving us time to change to turn to him  are you still going to waste time making jokes about the earthquake? jesus words are real, so is heaven and hell  follow jesus' words "
"when you truly trust in god, everything in life goes so much smoother  i mean seriously smoothe like a baby butt!"
"life gets better and better with christ  i'm not even in chapter 1 in my grand story  i'm still in the introduction  life is good even in the worst situations, if there are a worst   perception, i've learned, is a lot  you have to see things thru the right perception or it'll mess you up every time "
"god will never allow growth where there is no manager  who will be able manage the growth he has for you, if you can't manage it? god is a purposeful god \god will not answer our prayers, he will only gives us what we can manage "
"if the spirit of god is not in you, which spirit is in you?"
