2e5651ce839f45ab73c663c0c86da878
happy new year
100th episode of supernatural was amazing yesterday!!!  smile 
amazing day with nate  love  nothing like a day of fun in the sun with the guy you love
"been to nc, playing at white squirrel festivals  laugh "
sleep in till noon and shut out the world for a day  yay  summer
"huge yardsale tomorrow morning  mom's been cleaning out anything in her way, including my poor brother which i saved lol 8am - noon  get some cool stuff!! clothes, furniture, and   well, stuff "
great day at dollywood with stiney  laugh 
is it really an ordinary day if every day is extrodinary?
"well, today was rather eventful like always: it involved ranting baptists, sexual discussions with friends (rofl), slushies, parks, job apps, possible drug tests for the jobs, and metal  yeah    an average day  and as i look back, i realize   i almost never have a boring day   smile "
i got my first car today!!!! good luck everybody else!!!
drove forever and an age just to larp and visit friends  yay! minimal wrecks  smile  it was a good day 
"sometimes you just got to take life's lemons and say \ hey! i didn't need this!! come back with something useful!!\"""""
first weekend of the school year and i'm already anticipating next summer  where does the freedom go?!!
dawww   thanks guys! i had an amazing bday!
"being sick has its downs  like being sick  but it also has its perks, like getting to watch resident evil 3 online after waking up at 10am instead of 7am  smile "
"long weekend!!! the peasants rejoice across the city!! \hoorah! hoorah!\"""""
"weekend, weekend   everyone loves the weekend!!!  laugh "
"i had the best weekend ever! saw a friend at her b-day party, went to a forensic tournament, and even spent a full day with nate  love "
"if you say holy cow when something surprises you or makes you mad, is that like saying the lord's name in vain to hindus?"
"<propmale> year: sleep, social life, and school  pick two @~@"
"\ i like it in the chair\"""""
zoo animals are just there for dinner and a show  we are the real exhibit
"so according to a \vandiveristy\"" t-shirt i saw a computer programmer wear     fridays for diversity weeks = \"" love your body\"" night  is this diversity or selfishness?? and why would computer programmers wear it? any suggestions?"""
"sometimes, you just want to beat your head in with a rock  this entire past week and a half has been like that  *sigh*"
job interview!!!!  laugh 
you don't have shingles   you don't look like a roof!!
"this weekend has been the best!! halloween was a freakin' blast, i got a job, i got to see my friends and to silly things, and i rotted my brain with heroes season 1!!  smile "
"when you're fighting for your dreams but it means hurting those closest to you to do it, do you give up your dreams?"
"sometimes change is unstoppable  this month seems to be the month of not just a new year, but a new lifestyle  january seems to be the month of goodbyes  i'm moving this month to greenville, sc till i can move back on my own next year "
"sledding in a laundry basket and on trash bags down a hill nicknamed \hippie mountain\""    it has been an incredible day"""
this is the cafeteria of gods  it has chick fil a and papa johns inside the school cafe!!!!
school here is awesome except everything is so  sad  i guess its cause i don't have all my buddies  i miss you all soooooooo much! and i  love  ya  smile 
does anyone else feel like kicking things out of frustration? a beautiful day ruined out of 3 hrs of driving with <propmale> traffic and your mother  playful 
just finished watching <propmale> season 4  anyone else who watches <propmale> get shell shocked in the season finale? i couldn't comprehend the magnitude of sad it gave off  sad 
"just finished my cycle of lazy!   wait, not yet"
"see this? you see this? this is my face saying ' i know the truth, and you can stick in places you don't like '"
super happy fun pancake time!!  laugh 
go steelers!!! happy super bowl night!
"with no car, no money, and no luck, what do you have left? determination to prove that when you get bit by life you just turn around and maul it back!!!"
"omg i think fate truly exits after tonight! after going inside a local restraunt for dinner, they had a no call no show  i asked to apply and they said they would call me the next day if it works out! goes to show that every down has an up!  laugh "
happy <propfirst>'s day!  smile 
hey everyone! i'll be on a road trip for tn this weekend!  smile 
i apologize to everyone i couldn't visit this weekend  sad  my car has gone on to auto-heaven and am now in search of a new ride  thanks drinky mcpotatoes for all your help today! you've been great  laugh 
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right"
"\who do you think you are? you are going to catch a cold with all the ice inside your soul \"""""
parkour is soooooo much fun! i feel like spiderman!!   laugh  i moved up out of basic vaults and up to tic tacs!
"am i the only one disturbed and fascinated at the same time at the fact that japan uses holograms and pc programs for singers? live singers? i mean, what is that going to do to real people who perform 20,30,40 years from now?"
job interview in downtown! yay!! for a shop that sells gems and stones
\would you like a corndog with your slushie," sir?\"" \"949327d0360fcfb5da7f9e3caa7488e0,"does anybody out there have any throw back pics with me in them  not that i want to be reminded how \in\"" i was not  im gonna go threw mine soon  cant wait to post them on all yall """
