3fcfd34a2ab7700f41eb64b852643c83
"early start: washing fresh collard greens, cooking blackeyed peas and cornbread   a delectable new year's southern tradition   "
chillin'    literally 
"please go see food, inc or rent it  this is not just a heavy critique of the american food industry, but a very hopeful perspective on what we can do to change things "
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick "
"refrain:                 no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick "
 sad 
time to throw some huge pots on the wheel whilst simultanously bidding on camera equipment on ebay  mind and body usage 
why am i awake and up at 2 smile 0?   genetic insomnia    grrrr 
listening to an opera and thinking--- is it the economy and the war that are driving people mad?
whole earth discipline: an eco-pragmatist manifesto by <propmale> brand
 love   smile 
"rum, eggnog and lotz of nutmeg "
"snow all day today   we have at least 10-12\    and still coming down   """
avatar is the best movie!
avatar 3-d is the best movie and <propfirst> is a genius 
"happy new year, everyone!"
ok now it's cold in kc  3 9*f and falling  -7 windchill and dropping 
<<<-------scanning old family pics 
time to take a rest from scanning old pictures    
"my god   it's a blizzard out there!!!! jeez! the total snow on our deck is 18-20\    6\"" alone has fallen today  this is crazy """
black
furnace is struggling to keep the house at 60*f  it's on 72*f   
charcoal grey
is terribly sad for the haitian people    :  (
"consider helping the earthquake victims in haiti: (10's of thousands feared dead!) http annoyed  www doctorswithoutborders org  ,   http annoyed  www redcross org  ,   http annoyed  www unicef org "
"please post: help the haitians  possibly 50,000 people dead  tens of thousands buried alive "
is astounded by the number of people posting nonsensical bullshit on their profiles who are seemingly unaware of the horrible tragedy in haiti 
"please join the facebook group: \operation \""pledge haiti\"": we can get everyone on facebook to pledge $1\"""""
"please just click and join my group,  \operation \""pledge haiti\"": we can get everyone on facebook to pledge $1\""    and you then donate to your <propfemale> of choice however you wish """
"this status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status  you only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour  lets all do our bit to help"
please do not spam me  i do not do facebook applications that spam: i don't like any app stuff on my wall please  thank you for understanding 
"please continue giving: operation \pledge haiti\"": we can get everyone on facebook to pledge $1 <propfemale> """
is considering vermiculture 
grass removal and huge messy piles of black sod is causing great consternation among the fellow suburbanites  lots of stares and questions like i'm an alien and they've never seen veggie garden planning before 
huge snowstorm  unpredicted    have 10 inches on my deck  crazy!
" love   love   love  happy love day, everyone  love, love!  love  love  love "
real sore from heavy landscape brick lifting  in the snow  in this freezing weather  all morning  ouch  this garden better be ready by potato and spinach planting time 
has spring fever  bad 
"grey days, grey days, grey days   want to sleep until spring and blue skies come back   no more cold weather   i'm a southern girl "
the crocus are coming up   the 1st sign spring is close by 
hand cultivated 100 sq  feet of unworked lawn and wheelbarrowed some 30 loads of fill soil and sand for the raised veg garden    hard work but so gratifying 
"planted collard greens and 5 types of potatoes   because i just couldn't decide on just one  next, spinach, cabbage, carrots and brussel sprouts   "
"to charleston, south <propfemale>'s  beautiful scenery, beautiful beaches, awesome seafood, and last but not least, my dear ole mother "
has a house full of a terrible stomach bug   stay away!
   is back in town after a wonderful week at  nceca in philly    next week minneapolis   then boulder   whew   i am  nearly travelled out!
i am living outside    
harvested the first new potatoes---purple vikings and superiors  they taste fantastic!
in the middle of making a bittersweet chocolate torte for my son's 5th birthday tomorrow!!!
"a chocolate torte has: a dozen eggs, 3 1 2 sticks butter, 1 cup flour, 2 cups  semi-sweet cacao---did i really make this and is my son, husband and  i really going to eat some tomorrow? ok----nothing else for the rest of the week "
it's my baby boy's 5th birthday!!!!!!
doesn't have one    
"\we don't float; we centrifuge \"" -my cat's veterinarian"""
