a6e1d57f1c60d60cf513780fae1ce56e
"what is my obsession with nazi movies lately?  dead snow, inglorious bastards     i'm beginning to see a pattern "
left 4 dead 2 achievements are too easy 
"so, my trip got bumped up like a month"
ride the rainbow
random vomiting on the phone with mom     bad combination 
ne camera of doom    
is annoyed at the song your a jerk 
milk and cookies:  i love you 
"navy equipment is like a bridesmaids dress, the navy loved it intensely for one day, then suddenly stopped caring for it and left it to sit and rot in the closet where the moths will eat it away  in short, i'm in port, again     "
"banana-rama, looks gay, feels gay, sounds gay, taste delicious!"
"cornbread, ain't nothing wrong with that!"
omfg shingles sux!  my neck looks like     alien eggs?
reach will be ep!c
"oh herro crazy dwagon lady, i see we meet again"
i are has new games!   i shall be content for some time 
"my god, i didn't go to sleep until 8 surprise 0 am, and its now 1220 "
"passed my pfa, just need to retape "
i'm mortified   <propmale> elfman is the creepy pedophile man from oingo boingo   i can never watch nightmare before christmas the same way again 
can't sleep lately   and yet i fell back asleep this morning    fml  i hope i'm not late   gotta love facebook on your phone though 
kittens are cute when they lick anything 
so get your ass checked out before its to late cracker!
its epic when your listening to a celtic woman screaming to a metal song and some little fourteen year old girl shouts fuck yeah out of her moms car 
why offer bbq wings if you discontinued them?  damnit kfc 
i'm off to socialise with real people   it may be my last time having fun for a long time 
lol 13 hours later we level up and still plan on continuing
2:14  game end   twelve hours of d and d   i'd say it was a good event for what may be my last weekend in hawaii 
"the japanese truly are superior to us   in japan i can point at a picture of what i want to order, but in <propfemale> i just witness a non-english speaking korean woman trying to order a subway sandwhich by continuosly saying five to the lady "
lol i'm playing pokemon snap
you know its bad when she spells out fuck my life 
today is the day 
the sweet taste of freedom and mcnuggets 
thirteen and a half hours at 324   god damn today is going to suck 
almost free      i can nearly taste the freedom   it taste like grape kool-aid and fettucini 
finally free    eleven hours of sleep feels amazing 
first day off in forever   it was amazing 
"today, i qualify     i hope "
"if the devil is in the details, then that board must have been hell "
wtf!?  never got the call for relay for life   there goes my bullet    
"well no relay for me tonight     thanks for having me put off all my plans   i bet she just left her phone at home and couldn't call, but still "
i wish i could be like <propmale> mustafa    
"cleaning out my closet right now, i found a huge bag of christmas <propfemale>, as well as some e playful ired medication, fun dip from v-day, and some grotesque smelling tubberware   o__o  thanks for the <propfemale> mom   lol"
my interwebs are down
te quero puta!
happy dance makes me happy!
mmmmm taquitos
"two more days of this bs, then its fun tiemz 4 me!"
god forbid that somebody keep their word 
ahhhhhhhhhhh citrus in my eye!!!!!!!!
san <propmale> here i come!
omg i saw the hollywood sign!!!
in san <propmale>
roscos is awesome 
blue rims blue car     ?
kick ass was kick ass
is wondering why he is on this deployment if his trainers cannot qualify him 
is ready to party hard in his new shoes 
worried   sacared   angry   young 
brain control beats mind control 
he said that he jacked (it) off a dead guy in a drunken slur 
i miss having a life   navy i want a divorce 
"zoo, seaworld, little italy, clubbing, i love san <propmale>!"
"todays agenda:  burritos, museum, <propfirst> rottens, laundery, clubs "
"my team ditches me, so i ditched them for what turned out to be a very long day  sleepy time now "
"found out that douchebag in the rack below me isn't a total dochebag, merely a half-douche trying to level up "
we now bring you the 4kidstv version of <propmale> in real life    
food is so far away 
finally getting food after 13 hours
my god i am bored 
lunch = minibag of chex mix       my stomach hates me so much 
"muster time keeps moving up, work is going to suck tomorrow "
about to eat a two and a half pound burger   i'm going to die 
i feel like it   i got half way done in a third of the time before i felt sick 
"well, a week away from going home and i find out that i'm crossdecking   thanks 324, here is my leave chit "
i get to train my trainer tomorrow   sweet 
"firefly marathon, hot tea, and friends   tis going to be a good night "
i'm going to pick up dead rising 2 now     squuuuuuueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
"i fear that october 12th may be to long to wait for this medication     and yes mom, i'm going to call you later, but i'm on night shift now "
i wanna go home    
insomnia blows
"i love random quizzes, they make me laugh "
internet spam   its in your email   its on your facebook    and now it calls yo at 3:40 am    
i forgot how fun it was to find as many loopholes as possible when creating a character 
ra ra roro <propfemale>!  damn you gaga 
imma firin mah lazor!   braaaaaagh
"ugh     class today, then psychiatrist, why do i not see this as being a good day?"
"welbutrine   anti-depressant, smoking cessation aid, and male sexual performance enhancer       is there anything it can't do?"
rocking out to the power rangers theme song with <propfirst>!
ambian is not working 
so tired     so so tired     after work i'm picking up new vegas and i probably won't even play it tonight 
"\war   war never changes \""   smile   guess what i got yesterday fb?"""
change ing relationship status = long overdue
"goal for the day, 150 push ups   twenty or so every hour      27 down   may do crunches too as i'm already at 40 "
"meal plan post pfa:   pasta, fried chicken, cheezburgers (i can has one) & brownies"
navy told me i wasn't fat today   i think that is the nicest thing they've ever done
"pfa today    got my tylenol, pb sammich  joyful , and a gallon of water   still not to exited  "
i'm off fep   joyful   *fistpump*
"even though <propfemale> isn't done yet, i've already decided on my next cosplay project, and lets just say that \i'm going to need more rope \"""""
ugh     swing shift shall be the death of me 
"ii told them this was a bad idea, my ride is siq and i have no way in     then there is the ever rising annoyance of my phone   i may just buy a new one "
"hrrmm, i think i want to see the movie burlesque when it comes out   it actually looks good "
"still no sleep     pills don't work     not really sleepy, just exhausted "
"i used to have this friend, his name was sleep   we had a long and loving relationship, but we split up for a while, and save for the occasional pass in the hall we never saw eachother   then i started taking pills so that we could be together, and i'm fairly certain my drug use has made her move away back to the continental us \\i miss you sleep, please come back to me      ambian, here i come again "
"fat men on bicycles, funnier than jewish people driving <propmale> cars "
new fleet store is legit   taco <propmale> mar and a plethora of booze 
grapples   apples that taste like grapes   amazing 
bear+deer=beer
"is enjoying creating cheesy names for his mixed cds \\disc 1:   white techno, black alley \disc 2:   three days of used country\disc 3:   stroke the 9 sublime systems to tears\disc 4:   comedy   classics   --- odd mix\disc 5:   \sensitive\"" rocking\",a6e1d57f1c60d60cf513780fae1ce56e,"a few more\\disc 8:    red hot <propmale> ska\disc 9:    prime the ignition for rock!\disc 10:  presidents of the pink panic party\disc 11:  the offspring of ozzy and mr  elfman's night in nirvana"
"disc 12:  my nine inch chemical techno\\i like this one too   smile "
"more cd names annoyed \disc 13:   <propfirst>'s mindless metal munchauesen mommy\disc 14:   metallica,  meatloaf, and nerdcore\disc 15:   lords of manson's ludacris playground of the 90's\disc 16:   lords of the lonely gaga\disc 17:    kiss my killer corn\disc 18:    kssha, <propfemale>, and cash\disc 19:    hardcore pathetic"
 sad ^-^)=
"disc 20:    incubus and dancing maiden\disc 21:    ghetto gorillaz\disc 22:    modern garbage\disc 23:    flight of the candy\disc 24:    hilariously hardcoredisc 25:    mech-no  and bowie!!!!!!"
shake it like a shake weight girl!
just got out of the er    
annoyed that some people don't understand his job 
going to church      surprise   the first time in over 2 1 2 years
slept for thirteen hours since i got home yesterday   still tired 
finally threw away that bread in his fridge   three months w  no mold is just creepy 
time for mids again    
"hey missouri, guess who has plane tickets "
"tired   new roommate  \\and on a related note, who makes those deer hunting jackes that everyone wears back home?  the warm fuzzy ones?\\happy spanksgiving everyone!"
ugh bored   why does everyone have to be gone?
"so facebook, i'm booked for the 30th-2nd, as well as the seventh, but thats still about ten days of no comitment   show me love!"
happy birthday to me!
night cap + sleep = good
"and then, disaster strikes"
tpfr   true player for real 
slash costume complete   and epic 
- -
"sometimes i want to just turn my back and walk away, but i know if i did i could never forgive myself   i can't just leave you there when i know what would happen if i did   fuck this morality   i don't like it "
"new profile picture is outrageous   truly, truly, truly, outrageous "
"human beings, one moment your friends, and the next you clawing out eachothers eyes "
"slept from when i got home until evening colors     yeah, last nightt sucked "
mmmmm pomegranite pick me up     thank you jamba 
"why do people base everything off of facebook?  yes it says single, no that doesn't mean i don't love you   calm down and rewind to the days before technology "
"secrets don't make friends, and i'm fairly sure we don't qualify as such anymore "
boop boop boo doop
"so, i have the stomach flu!  yay!  cough cough vomit sneeze moan vomit cough    "
"5 bottle of corona in the fridge, five bottles of beer, take one out, start chugging it down, four more bottles of corona in the fridge   (and about nine morein my cooler)"
"dear dental appointment lady,  \thank you for having me wake up at six'o'clock in the morning when i have the flu, get ready, take my pills, and walk to your office, in the rain, only to find out that you meant the 19th of next month   that is kind of an important detail to mention   thank you for making me miserable \--<propmale>"
"change the scheme! alter the mood! electrify the boys and girls, if you'd be so kind "
"insomnia, we meet again "
"its good to know who your real friends are, especially when you sort out the fake ones "
"<propfemale> christmas fb, time to sleep "
"goodbye kunia, you shall not be missed "
fuck     this     rain
sometimes i see something and i suddenly feel bad for being a man   know what i mean?
kids on leashes is not cool 
good morning <propmale> city!
"dragon kitchen, not as good as the real thing"
beard is trimmed
"drunk again, and thinking about life   sober now and yet the thoughts still linger "
dog ate my wiimote t-t
poprocks go good with this songs
poprocks go good with this song
i just compared one of my best friends to <propfemale> pryne   damn i'm good 
"good morning and goodbye missouri, ye shall be missed "
does not want to go back to the island 
i hate airports
and i look like a tard
home 
japanese cab driver is sick     damn my weak immune system   i swear to god if i get sick i will hunt you down 
"time <propmale> cable, wou have the worst timing "
the political idealogy quiz -- my result: very liberal  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 14397 referrals status?aid=100000589996228
giant freakin centipede
apparently its bring your chief to therapy day 
"great, now i'm a ophiuchus "
chocolate wine!!!!!!!!!!  delicious!
new friends   awesome 
yay 17 hour shift in 13 hours!
is there a cure for this implanted in a pill?
"same song, different chorus "
momma was right   i  love  dos equis 
"ugh, i don't even know what i want any more "
the times they are a changing     rewind button anyone?
hey ya'll prepare yourself for the rubberban man!
"drunk enough that i can talk, but to drunk to walk!  yet more sober than the other two     lame "
love it when a wake up drunk 
\let us decend now unto greater woe   \,a6e1d57f1c60d60cf513780fae1ce56e,"yum, brussel sprouts and kidney beans, the taste of being broke "
i wish words would come out of my mouth the way i meant them to 
its getting near <propfemale>   when lights close tired eyes   i'll soon be with you my love   give you my dark surprise 
lack of sleep = the suckage
"new glasses today, finally   i really want to downgrade my phone right now, wtf do you mean i can't turn off 3g?"
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do\[like] if you think i'm a good friend\[message] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me (and i wont tell a soul i swear)\[comment] on this if we ever had good memories\\   post this as your status and see what you get  smile "
i'm bored   what are you up to fb?
i don't need no drama llama momma from ya!
"i'm gonna take your momma out all night yeah, i'll show her what its all about   \we'll get her jacked up on some cheap champagne and let the good times just roll out   \well if the music ain't good well thats just to bad we're gonna sing along no matter what \because the dancers don't mind down in new orleans if you tip em and they make a cut "
well i feel like a douche 
"hey everyone, i just thought i would let you know that its not snowing, its 80 degrees outside    why the hell am i seeing so many status updates about snow?    playful "
xbox live avatar is now updated 
"of work, time to drink   then sleep and repeat "
you know what i love?  flirting with a girl in front of her boyfriend   you know what i love more?  when she flirts back 
-    -      <<<mouth stitched shut
 sad ' ')=      <oh hey fb wassup?>
"oh i'm sorry that you didn't hear me, i said, \twenty percent body fat mother fuckerrrrrrr!!!!!!!!\"""""
go steelers!!!! we all know who is going to win!
black eyed peas are not that good
ugh   i hate mondays 
"so belkin, your support line changed <propfirst> and the old one is a sex line   thanks for telling your customers    "
i decided to finish watching some of my favorite series finally   avatar:  the last airbender and transformers beast wars can get crossed off the list 
thrown into the flames like a riverboat gypsy 
"new glasses, i can see again "
"<propfemale> vs capcom 3, its pretty good, not amazing, but pretty damn good   deadpool is spot on "
deadpool dante akuma + dr  doom + hulk wolverine x-23 = invincible
"by next week i will have cosplay pics up folks, you have been warned "
the lulz   i did it for them 
the <propfemale> is out 
"you taste like tear stains and could have beens, but i love a good train wreck "
these two side of my brain need to have a meeting 
"double talk is getting annoying, and now its cutting into my sleep time   we have an issue here "
i love how the navy always finds new and interesting ways to fuck with me   fuck all of it 
"everybody! everybody! get down get down down s-s-s-s-s-stand up! don't be shy!  people, people, people, get up   get up   get up   everybody testify!\\state your names my fellow gen-terns!"
"hitting the clubs tonight with some baby seals, see you there!"
pineapple surprise!!!!
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think     "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think     "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think     "
so sore
i made biscuits and gravy today for the first time in 3 years!!!
i think i just read the saddest thing ever
"<propfemale> black, you cannot sing   that is all "
cornier than ethanal
the internet hates me today   photoshop quit   gaia logged me out  itunes is repeating the same sngs 100 times     rawt
i think that killing those intollerant fucks at westboro would be worth the jailtime 
dog flavored hot pocket?  smells like it
has a new favorite wine 
"you wake me up, then tell me to get rid of my booze, and you e playful ect me to be chipper?"
i think i love you more than the japanese love tentacle porn and we can dance dance dance dance dance to these stereotypes 
 laugh  when your drunk spanish television is hilarious   i don't know why 
is med up
we we we we so excited!
passed the pfa!!! yay me!
i've noticed 80% of my high school friends have either started families or became stoners     and the ones that did are the ones i didn't e playful ect to   god thats weird 
yay midwatch!!!
leave approved 
"like my status and i'll tell you annoyed 1  how we met \2  my first impression of you \3  what i like about you \4  favorite memory of you \5  but if you like this you must put it as your status (you don't have to)"
losing my mind
in line for con!!!!
"con, day 1     start"
vomits rainbows   farewell kawaii kon   til 2012 
rawrg i gotta catch up on my song challenge
caught up on song challenge now
"dear god,\\i am instating a new rule   rather than bringing 3 amazing women into my life at once i request that you spread them out so that i am not confronted with tough decisions like i am now   i would really appreciate it   \\sincerely,\<propfirst> fischer"
i ish getting sick  *sniffles*
happy mommy's day to all of my mommies!
