32704c954bbc23428cb5e1ba433efd78
home with the parentals and grandma     
"going to the river, mile marker 39, highway 2!!"
doing nothing at the parental's house is nice every once in a while
"had fun with my two best buddies, going to miss one of them dearly       good luck to <propfirst> matthews  and <propfirst> on your new adventure!!!! love you!"
got the job in the er!!!!!! whoo hoo!
tired of boys!
i just saw a commercial for an obama ch ch ch <propfemale> pet       wtf?
"when you realize things about yourself that 2 minutes ago you were oblivious to, you feel so free in one moment then you notice all the things you need to start to change    "
"you can run away from your home, but you can't run away from your pain     "
hungover      ugh!
going to levenworth with the family nice and early tomorrow morning     oh! joy!
i'm tired and wanna go to sleep     these night shifts really seem to take forever!
ugh! i'm done with today! tired and on day 8 of 10 days of working in a row     annoyed 
blind side is a great movie!!
wish me luck on my math test      yuck!
i want to move!
got a b on psych test  smile 
"riddle me this: the man who made it, didn't want it, the man who bought it, couldn't use it, the man who used it, didn't know it  what is it?"
going to vegas bitches!!!!
"last night of 10 days of work  plan is to not spend any money this weekend and save it for vegas, this is going to be hard     wink "
this town needs an enema!!!!
10 days until i am in vegas!!! so stoked!!
vegas in 5 days!
"leavin, on a jet plane, to vegas and i'll be drunk soon!"
just played slots for 6 hours    omg!
loving la <propfemale> vegas!!!
no sleep for me      crying 
"why do we have allergies, i mean really, you live some where your whole life and then bam! i have allergies and am allergic to where i live! wtf? really?"
love it when you try to leave and your tire is completely shot!!! just great!
just another     
jjust two more days of work and i'm off for a few!!!!
out with the old and in with me    
what am i going to do today??
"today i had my debit card stolen and aparently i went to wal-mart, little caesar's, and <propfirst> meyer in marysville       sob's i hate this!"
i love my bed!!!
can not complain about today at all!
i miss the rain    
4 days off! whoot whoot!!
"happy 21st birthday <propfemale>! goin out was a blast, this night was epic!"
"the \outer limits\"" can be trippy! whoa!"""
why is everyone so obsessed with shark week?
i'm so tired!!!
what a day   
just liking the fact that i don't really have to do much more the rest of today 
all work and no play makes <propfemale> a dull girl
totally out of my element! haven't been this challenged in a while     it's good!
going skydiving on sunday!!! anyone want to come with???
i strogly recommend skydiving to anyone who has balls!
all the crazies come out at night!
the world needs more night owls so i'm not alone so often! smile 
"let your fears go, you might find your way back home  let your fears go, you might find that you're not alone   "
who would've thought that a nasty accident closing north and south bound routes on freeway could turn a 15 minute drive into an hour and ten minute drive? fml!
since when is it cool to put stickers of bullet holes on your car?
"i got 99 problems, and they are all bithches! wink "
two washington apples and a shot of patron down       many more to come!!!!
"<propmale> matthews, here i come!!!!"
"here come the hotsteppah!\http annoyed  m youtube com index?desktop_uri=%2f&gl=us# watch?xl=xl_blazer&v annoyed 7mk5esy-l0"
loving this evening shift compared to nights     there's still time to go out! smile 
there's nothing better than driving at night and listening to chivelle!
loves a pedicure! i'm melting in the chair!
leaving for <propfemale> now! gimme some fried chicken n' potatoes!!!!
i have never felt so white in my life!!! omg!
boy are the seasons changing        in more ways than one!
walt disney is an asshole!
"beauty hides in the deep, but it's still hard to find "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"lost a friend, gained some knowledge, life goes on and the cycle starts at one again this night   "
"smoking a clove, hanging out with friends and loving life! smile "
"man, i feel like the weather today! unsure what i want to do, foggy and cold, amongst many other things "
"watching hook and trying to stay awake     rufio, rufio, rufi        oooohhhhhhhh!"
"rain, rain, go away     oh wait, it's not raining  it's in my head  i need a hurricane    "
"in bed, watching a movie and doing homework       hmmmmmm    "
the <propfemale> is so pretty tonight!
"hmmmm, i wonder if i should be flattered that my psych teacher only responded to my discussion post out of 40 students       joyful "
needs a serious back rubbbbbb!!!!!
some peoples kids       some peoples kids      
"i want to go to oktoberfest, anyone want to come with me? smile "
"i think forever is an idea, not a reality  nothing truly is forever  everything has it's limit, some longer than others but it all ends eventually "
"gotta get a good grade on my math exam tomorrow, so stressed out about it!!"
"3 5 hours of sleep before work? or, 3 5 hours of homework      think i'll sleep!"
this song is amazing!!! the lyrics are beautiful and perfectly worded 
"just finished my homework for the week! whoot whoot! now i can sleep soundly, not have dreams about it, and enjoy my weekend after work!!  smile  love "
i actually sang karaoke tonight!!! whoa!
i hate always being the last one up     
"there is no theory of evolution  just a list of animals <propmale> <propmale> allows to live  \\<propmale> <propmale> can divide by zero "
mountains got their first round of snow!!!! oh yeah ski season hopefully soon!!!!
??? ?????? ? ????? ??? ???? ??????
making acorn squash soup and grill cheese sandwiches for lunch!!! we will see how it turns out playful 
"<propfemale> running thin, eyelids getting heavy, teeth need to be brushed, throat starting to hurt a bit       i need my bed!"
tummy is aching 
can someone say jethro tull????
"happy veteran's day dad, uncle <propfirst>, uncle brain, aunt d, grandpa <propmale>, grandpa muizers, and all everyone else! thank you! smile "
"at borders studying, drinking a coffee and listening to radiohead smile  i  love  today!"
"ok, amazing race      who wants to go with me?!?!?!"
weird movie     bicentennial man      creepy!
<propfirst>'s is only a foot shy of what they need to open!!!!! whoo hoo!!!
"tis the season for hot cocoa, layers, scarves, mittens, frost, snow, rain and holidays with the family! i love it!!"
"awesome, wtf? just got a message from some random ass stranger who's fetish is wearing diapers     do people really get off on that, of all things???? ridiculous! what has the human race become????"
has had enough of this world!!!!
it's snowing powdered sugar outside!!!!
wish that the wind wasn't present in addition to the snow annoyed 
good job chargers!!!
wow! people in range rovers and bmws doing burnouts on ice in a parking lot full of cars      smart?
gin and sprite!
nervous about driving to work in a few hours      i need to get some chains or something   
sitting here distracted and should be writing my paper      ugh!!!
"just finished my paper, yay! now i can go home and try to sleep before work again in 3 hours      fml!  wink "
"needs a back message, something fierce!!!  annoyed "
happy thanksgiving y'all! eat your hearts out!
getting my ass kicked on a run around the country club with <propfemale>!
watching old home videos and putting the christmas tree together! smile 
some people just need to get the hint   
"is totally watching \cosmos\"" and studying for her psych exam       ehhhh   """
 smile 
oh yeah! just dropped my skis off at the shop for tuning! can't wait to shred!
brrrrrrrrr it's cold out here!
don't you wish there was an option to dislike things on here instead of only to like?
"favorite quote of the night, \where's the pee pee can?\"" lmao!"""
you can still lie while telling the truth   
going on a date thursday! sad )
christmas party!
watching the lunar eclipse smile 
"in bed, but not asleep    hmmmmmm"
feeling quite sick to my stomach today     this sucks!
wants to be done with whatever this is that i have!!!! still can't eat!
fml!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas to everyone! ho <propfemale> tha 3rd pwr!
playing call of duty nazi zombies with grandpa on christmas eave      awesome!
???? ????????????!!
you know you shouldn't be on the road when you wanna play bumper cars with all the <propfirst> holes on the road that don't pay attention to speed limit signs!!!!!!!!!
watching      return to the blue lagoon  milla jovovich is so hot! the guy from the original was way better looking and a better actor  this is what life comes to when you're sick i guess  critical and attracted to the same sex! ha! ha!
"it's snowing, a little bit!  laugh "
gotta love apartment life     you hear everything everyone else is doing      
really really wants some pizza with sausage an mushrooms!!!!!!
going to the seahawks game on saturday!! whoot whoot!
"hey, you shut your face! if i wanted to hear what you had to day, i'd put my fist up your ass and move your mouth like a puppet!"
"temptation is a man's excuse, but a women's weapon   "
"i don't wanna be the girl sitting in her apartment alone, i wanna be the girl who's off on an adventure or on a safari with the one she loves    "
i live in the ghetto       annoyed 
"\guess some people still haven't learned to put \""the raincoat\"" on \"" my favorite quote of the night """
elide all tedious formalities and small talk 
at the mp ball now   
"this flight seems incessant, with all my little cat naps and bazaar dreams i've been having, cookies, drinks, and garbage pick up rounds     it's like time travel but all you need is copious amounts of it!!!! lol"
"boy, i have earned my paycheck tonight! done with job one after 12hrs of chaos   and off to job #2      annoyed "
glutton for punishment      ? me!
looooooves spinach!!!!!!
who wants to be square and go to the <propmale> potter exhibit with me??
"wants to get the funk out of here and escape to greece, my second home but first in my heart  i'm tired of this place and the people who cohabit this continent  there's no more culture here, respect, or class!"
happy fricken <propfirst>'s day   
don't gimme your tude because i'm not in the mood! snap snap biotch! wink 
great day! smile  love you <propfemale>!
it's raining fluff! fluffy rain! whoot whoot!
<propfirst> franco is yummy and <propfemale> hathaway looks too skinny!
"any organization is like a tree full of monkeys, all on different limbs at different levels  some monkeys are climbing up, some down  the monkeys on top look down and see a tree full of smiling faces  the monkeys on the bottom look up and see nothing but assholes "
banana hammocks are solely meant for trees   
"tv show \apprentice\""        these people get fired and still have pockets full of money   """
can't seem to drink enough water 
praying for red!
has the worst migraine headache and neck ache! so uncomfortable!
what a beautiful day! my windows are open!
i love to dance in the shower!
"thanks so much to all of my friends for the birthday wishes  today was a great day! love you all!!! \-peace"
loves that it's not too cold to have the window open and the frogs are out! smile 
"the universe is shaped like the earth!\- modest mouse"
f my life right now!
i vote that all plastic be banned!!
