4dc167d71aadc5f536d889813005302e
aye <propfirst> man ask your brova if he goin to tha movies or not with his girl 2morrow?
just don't feel rite any more man     why do it gotta be like that between us??!
uhhh! head hurt want go to sleep but gotta think what im do 2morrow or im be home all day????
so much for friends when you cant even trust them     im done with tryin be nice!!!
tubby your bitch ass always talkin shyt!!
damn the game close at half   ! duke better watch out!
man this lil thing you want just don't feel rite anymore and i'm mad as hell about it!!!
uhh! my baby mia moore and uconn losein!!!
damn shawty is that all you do with your life??!! keep that sad shyt to yourself   !
shawty trippin 4 no damn reason!!!
lls!! son im <propfemale> guh   but it's funny  just txt or message me so i can tell you wat she told me!
5 more weeks of skool left!!! can't wait until it's over!
bored as hell in tha house    need sumbody to talk 2!!!
what to do??? thinkin    man i'm bored! lmao
nigga almost got his ass beat in skool!
tha draft this year is weak as hell!!!
aye ant what's your new number?
17 more days of skool!!!
20 more days until i'm gone!!!
had spring football training 2day! 13 more days of skool for me!
everything goin my way <propfemale> far   ! 9 more days of skool!
4 more days of skool!
man what happen??? we lost again! come on cavs!!!
yes!!! last day of skool for me 2morrow! lls
finally out skool    lookin forward for tha summer! lmao
hot and bored in tha house!!!
some funny as fights just happen ova my god-brova cookout! cat-fight lls
mad and bored!!!
hitin tha movies wit tha fam up georgetown 2day!
"at the movies showin \killers\""    2 funny!"""
phone off and its blowin me!!!!!!!!!!
bored in tha house
thinking of what to do?????
thats mess up how ppl dissn lebron man!!!!!! championship for the <propmale> next year!!!!
what happen last nite i dont even feel like talkin no more!!!!!
we don't talk anymore  and you know what the saddest part is?we used to talk everyday 
in michigan havein 2 much fun with tha rugby team!!!
just got finish with tha first rugby game! we won 19-12
so boring in tha house!!!!!!
lovein her!!!!
bored in tha house!! man i wanted to go 2 pratice this morning    need sumbody to talk to!!!!
need sumbody to tlk to! bored!
need to tlk to my boo b4 tha day ova     u messin up my weekend already!
"one more day of \hell week\""!!!!"""
hell week wasnt nothin <propfirst> coacht!!!! even doe i was bout 2 pass out like hundred tymes
just got in the house from this rugby tournament that lasted like 4ever!!!
<propfemale> bored and sleepy but i cant go to sleep         
man im <propfemale> blown!!!!
so damn mad at her!!!
what am i goin do 2day???!!!
need a hug!!!
man she trippin    dont know what to do!??
dont matter anymore!
bored and just thinkin    what to do?!
just wakein up    still tired!
man she actin bush dont know what to say   !!!!!!
hyde pride football all day! we did gud 2day 4 our first srimmage
got srimmage 2morrow morning i smell another easy win!!! hyde football!
unsure why i still luv her and its not workin for me!!
weekend goin be <propfemale> much better! girl comein to see hyde football in action friday night!
up early helping my man <propmale> mova get this cookout started!
its always bout tha colts! 24-0 at halftime!
so loving and understandable!
man tha stats for hyde football on ma playful reps are so wrong!!!
bout to get off and lay down then txt my boo!
<propfemale> bored in the house man i need something to do!!!!
bout to lay down and wait for my boo to call me!
another big game for hyde football 2morrow!
ppl keep on poking me like ambeezy <propfemale>    they want to have a poking battle! lls
aye quarterback ant my man tavon <propfirst> want to be apart of bang bash! he want to call it bing bang bash     what should we tell him? lls
man my back and neck still hurtin from friday's night game! dnt even want to go to skool 2morrow!
back is still hurtin from fridays game!! not goin to skool 2morrow!
still dnt know if im go to skool 2morrow! back spasm hurt man its no joke! im hopen i can be ready for fridays game!
the last 3 days for me have been the worst!!!! man if im still hurtin by 2morrow i prolly wont be able to play friday   !!!
havent heard no word about my man sami doe      is he alright?
man i just seen our fist four games highlight and its like that! go on youtube and look hyde leadership football highlight 2010 up!!!!
confused?????
"dnt feel gud, prolly dnt go to skool or i prolly go later!"
its goin be live all day 2morrow at hyde! everybody come support hyde pride football team 2morrow for tha homecoming game at 7!!!
yea homecomin game was the best man    44-6 win 2day!!!! big up to all the seniors their last homecomin game b4 they head to college!
seen my girlfriend 2day at our homecoming game super press she came and supported her boo!
just getin back in the house    spent the day with my girlfriend and her ppl  had fun with her too!
do you know what 2day is? gameday!!!
"hyde football all day    we won 42-0 today    game stats for me 5 tackles(2 big hits), punt return for touchdown, 3 crack backs and 2 point conv "
man im <propfemale> bored and guh in the house!!!!!
man that meeting 2day was not what i needed! so much have been goin on the last 3 days its crazy!
man i miss ad   ! lol
<propfemale> mad in the house alone   
<propfemale> blown! right now but what can i say its nothin i can do about it    im not trippin no more! lls
"november 12, 2010 at 7pm on galludet's college field hyde will be playing avalon for the cafc championship   the cost is 3 dollars   everyone should be their to show ur love   "
yes! countdown until i get my ring and jacket for winning the cafc chamionship game                  they didnt think we could do it but we made them so belivers!
what happen to pain bein temporary??? my shoulder still hurtin from fridays game??? can anybody e playful lain why it didnt go away?
2morrow at skool is going to feel like a friday cuz thats tha only day im goin this week   
on tha road to south <propfemale> for the rest of the week  !
in south <propfemale> with my mova now!
"i hope she not tlkn bout me, i stop tlkn to u cuz of you!!!"
if u a hyde school that hate goin to school in the morning u shouldn't be askin do u school 2morrow!!! remember snow = no school!
count down to the trip to vegas!!! 4 days!
count down to the trip to vegas!!! 3 days!
count down to the trip to vegas!!! 2 days!
count down to the trip to vegas!!! 1 day! toooo sice!
gonna be in vegas for the next 5 days!!!!!!!!!!!! lls
on my way to the airport to get ready for the flight!! going miss the family bestfriends my mans when im gone for the 5 days!
in vegas about to have fun!
"man starting to hate the old <propfirst>, about to be real new  people holding me back! bout drop some of these fake friends and get new ones!"
she never kept her promise to me so why should i keep mine to her???????
"you females are funny, yall make tha world go around!"
aye guess what vonna tld me on tha phone!?? her dumb a**
3 more days until my birthday!!!!!!!!!
its almost here      1 more day until my b-day!(19th)
"man the day is finally here, my 16th bday!!!! thank you to all the ppl who tld me happy bday love yall!"
