d74cb3c6d08c1078ac12bd73f2383aee
i hate it when you let someone get close to you then they destroy your emotions and feelings like they're getting revenge  maybe it wouldn't be so bad if i actually did something wrong 
my knee is out of place and i can't get it back in! ahh this sucks!!
knee has been out of place since yesterday  i think i'm gonna need to go to the hospital but no insurance   crap  
hospital says to go to a specialist which means surgery! yayyy    sad 
t-pain's mix tapes are sick!
just discovered playing basketball is awesome  sunburns are also not fun 
somehow woke up sick on such a beautiful day
who wants to swap a 1jz into a cressida?! i know i do!
workin on the engine 
really hate work    
workin on the 1j  hit me up!
gonna try to remove my transmission by myself in the morning  i'm gonna need some rest    and to grow 2 more arms  
off to remove my transmission  feel free to stop by 
sifting through the pile called life   i think i need to go out tonight!
definitely could use a good friend 
"work, then the lightning game!"
headin to tampa !!
there's a 24 hour starbucks in tampa   what gives  
more engine work  yayyyy!
ballin it up!!
bruesters!
coffee then engine work  fun fun fun!
"same shit, different day  coffee and then breakin down 300 horsies "
about 21 hours in the last week i've put toward this engine  off to tack on a few more!
love harbor freights return policy
planet smoothie  smile 
ballin!!
happy 420 everyone and good night!
thumbs up to everyone i <propmale> out with yesterday! good times!
up way too early  
sofa <propmale> gorgeous !
chicken biscuit  chik-fil-a  want one?
ballin!!! hit me up if u wanna chill  my evening is free tonight!
"hit a puddle going 50 around a bend in the pouring rain tonight  ended up facing the wrong way on the road, stalled out, missing a mud flap, mulch all over the side of my car, and side trim hanging off   all the unintentional sliding gave me enough excitement for one week "
"i feel like i haven't seen a good effort from anyone in a while  the president blows, 95% of co-workers suck, and no one seems to try anymore "
in a crappy mood today  wish i knew what would make me feel better 
i need a new job  anyone's work hiring?
tired   in any and every way possible 
modern family is rediculously funny 
ballin!!
"publix sub for some brain food  2 quizzes, 1 project, and a lab   it's draining!"
"finished all my schoolwork, getting 2 new back tires tomorrow, interview at outback tomorrow, and made the <propfirst>'s list  good day i'd say with things to look forward to tomorrow "
"goodbye lip piercing  sad   i'm all for tattoo and piercing acceptance in the workplace, but jobs that pay - aren't "
was able to change his work info thanks to <propfemale> rouh!!
"study, study, study!"
forgot how extensive the testing is for outback  i've been studying all day 
1 of 8 more nights at pizza hut! i'm countin down!!
wutev yo  end the going-nowhere train 
6 shifts left until i rid myself of pizza hut!!!!!!
people piss me off 
"went to walk the dog and grabbed the remote like i was going to use it as a leash   as i stepped over to the dog i said to myself, \why the f**k do i have a remote in my hand \""\",d74cb3c6d08c1078ac12bd73f2383aee,studying and hoping for the best for all my friends  been thinking a lot about the people i know  i hope everyone is doin okay!
the most intense mind-altering drug is truth 
the only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them 
"if you are not part of the cure, then you are part of the problem  be part of the cure "
the best things in life are not things 
my last day at pizza hut!!!!! order a pizza!
studying  i have to pass this test! my job depends on it! monday is too close and too far all at the same time 
"food for thought: if you are truthful things will work out  not always in everyone's favor, but definitely for the better, and sometimes in the long run it ends up in everyone's favor anyway  you never know what will happen tomorrow, next week, or by next year  but to be dishonest, is just a waste of everyone's time in any and every which way "
"i don't know what the key to happiness is, but i do know that trying to please everyone is not it "
over it ! looking forward to all the new people i'm going to meet!
nothin changes in a world that needs to change  
make a better today for a greater tomorrow 
alllllmost over  
"you ever find yourself saying i'll miss that person, but i wont miss their lifestyle?"
continue to focus on the wrong worries and you'll never move forward from this point in life 
"wewt, tuesday june 1! my bday!"
happy birthday me!
"stupid people will say stupid things  stupid things said - turn into stupid decisions made, stupid decisions make stupid outcomes, stupid outcomes means stupid life, and stupid lives are what keep stupid people stupid  stupid is, as stupid does  break the pattern and be free, if you can't, you're stupid "
it's only time wasted if you spend the time trying 
"every time you make a choice it affects the very next moment  so in a small way, you control your own future starting with the very next choice you make  make it a good one  wink "
if she could only see the difference between right and wrong  
do you and i see eye to eye?
"why can't we pick a moment in time and live it forever? re-e playful erience the flood of ine playful licable feeling, so great, that you wished it would never be over  and so great, that when it is, you want it back forever "
shitty night  hopefully i can get some work done on my car tomorrow  that'll cheer me up  smile 
more grease monkey fun tomorrow
six months of labor and the engine drops in my car wednesday september 15th! the years of dreaming about this happening finally becomes a reality! even with the weight of the world on your shoulders you have to make time to enjoy the things that make you happy 
very frustrating day  engine didn't fit by half an inch   had to pull the whole engine and tranny out again  tomorrow is a new day 
i miss my car  sad 
how you play may be the way that you say goodbye today 
2010 has been a shitty year 
"it's like i'm in the eye of the storm  a whirwind of shit and now, nothing? i don't remember the last time i didn't have some kind of problem to deal with  whatever, i'm down!  laugh "
day 3 of cutting back   losing my mind  haven't had a smoke in 15 hours and only 3 cigs in the last 3 days 
"complete winter solstice lunar eclipse happening tonight now  to anyone that is awake - go outside and take a look at it  the last time this happened was almost 400 years ago and the next one to happen is unknown  enjoy the nature given to us, for it is truly amazing "
