719a70d60704bca8bd70274c372ff643
im usually not a morning person but this summer i totally am cuz otherwise its too stinking hot to do anything!
going swimming and to see eclipse anyone want to come? bayarea tomorrow    oh how exciting    
"just saw eclipse really good movie even though my butt was so sore cuz it was kinda a long movie lol oh my gosh i cant believe its already july this summer is going by way too fast, theres so many things i still want to do this summer "
hope everyone has an awesome and safe 4th of july weekend!  smile 
"family, fireworks, beach, and six flags  this weekend sounds like so much fun!"
six flags was amazing! <propfemale> <propfirst> was so much fun yet so cold! fireworks were awesome! now to class i go     ugh reality   
it feels like today is going to be a great day and i am so excited for it!
hey everyone i am selling avon products  anyone interested plz let me know i have a bunch of really cool products on sale right now 
why do some ppl feel they have to have drama in there life?
crossing my fingers and hoping everything goes well!
completely amazed at how one person can impact someone's life in so many ways
so excited for this next school semester! it will be so much fun    college volleyball here i come  smile 
so excited for everything that is to come!
crossing my fingers for getting a job i need one so bad 
so excited <propfemale> <propfirst> tomorrow fun fun!
<propfemale> <propfirst> has been a blast! hotel on the beach i can walk to the boardwalk and wharf  i literally could sit here forever listening to the waves 
some ppl are just lame that's all there is to it  sad 
kinda tired of the nonsense some ppl have in their life 
i have decided i don't care how old i am i still love back to school shopping    when i don't have to pay lol!
"i've decided there are bigger and better things,  people, and places to see in life  and what i want with my life might not make the world happy but i'm smiling and that's all that matters   smile "
i think today should be a day to catch up on life     smile 
aced my summer classes super excited! it wasn't too hard since it was ceramics and a fitness class! lol
it is absolutely amazing to me what some girls will do for a tip! lol
so far this year i've learned to not make friends with people who try and flatter u  history shows they always have a hidden motive 
so excited for school next week  it's ridiculous books need to be so much money! 180 just for my math book!
swimming sounds like a good idea for today anyone want to go?
it is easy to despise what u can not get and take advantage if what u already have 
can't wait to get away this weekend! so excited  smile 
i think i want to do something new with my hair  any ideas?
i thought the weather is supposed to cool down the closer we get to fall not heat up! ah   totally frustrated
i have decided out imperfections are what make us perfect and gives us our personality   smile 
went to the dentist for a check up came out with laser surgery done!  sad 
get to see  a bunch of my family this weekend so excited! i don't get to see them enough     smile 
finally it's cooling off! hopefully not too much for this weekend
sunburnt and tired   had such a fun weekend with my family
uh   walking around the college the day after jet skiing    not the brightest of ideas but i'm living through it  smile 
love love love my new haircut!!! thanks <propfemale>!!!  smile 
i don't understand how ppl can walk around in high heels on this campus!
i have a feeling today will be great!  smile 
seriously    all i can say is wow!!!
   i think i am becoming a facebook addict   no bueno!  smile  haha
   need to find a job really bad! any ideas anyone?
woot woot!
   why are some people simply pointless to have involved with my life while others are more valuable then anything in the world?
   so much to catch up on and so thankful i actually have the time to do it   
so happy all caught up! finally can relax!
i guess i will look on the bright side at least walking to my classes will whip my butt in shape!  smile  hope today stays cool like it is now
"dear all you crappy drivers in the world, drive better or get off the road ur endangering the ones i love! if u want to try and be bad ass then do it at home cuz hitting others is far from bad ass!"
    seriously grow up and be the better person this is ridiculous    
   there is not enough room in life for hate and anger so why do people hold onto it for so long   our hearts are ment to love not hate  smile 
rain plz plz come so i don't have to wash my dirty truck!  smile 
   i think i need a girly day     smile 
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so they are not contagious  they want what we all want, which is to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  but will you please do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour? it's special education week and          this is in honor of all those kids"
it's amazing to me how much power one person has    kindess truly is contagious  smile 
seriously it's like perfect out   cold enough to be bundled up but <propfemale> out weird!  smile 
   just whatever   i don't even care anymore   
   catching up on this week and getn ready for the week ahead     smile 
it's kind of amusing how some people have facebook posts like every ten mins     smile 
     my friend has weiner pups for sell they are super cute anyone interested? they should be ready in a few weeks         smile 
     totally and completely officially hate computers!!!!!! sitting here fillling out applications for an hour and a half and no proof of it   what good is a save button if it doesnt save anything!? ='(
so excited   life is going the way i want it to!  smile 
super weird how things turn out for the best     it amazes me who some ppl will hangout with     wow!!!!!!!!
i wish my next class would hurry up and get here    im way too tired to hangout here 
honestly i dont know if i should be upset or thankful that this happend       i think i will look on the bright side and be incredibly happy and thankful          smile 
camping trip with the family this weekend should be interesting but fun        smile 
blah    chicken noodle soup and staying in my bed all day         i wish i felt better    
i feel like i am running around with no direction what so ever today         so much to do and so little time until my class starts       and some things i simply hate being patient for!
finally all caught up with my classes    plus i have a's in like all of them i could get used to this feeling!  smile 
today is my friday and im so thankful for it!  smile 
hmmm         what to do tonight?
had an amazing day with kale      so looking forward to what happends next in life!  smile 
       two cups of crazy and a sprinkle of kookoocachoo      ah i love that movie  smile 
wishes do come true!  smile 
i never thought sunday could be that fun!  smile 
i love it when i have a busy week and at the end of it i get to <propfemale> out with the ppl i love the most! amazing!  smile 
hopefully more good news is on its way to me!!!  smile 
hot hot hot!  smile  swimming sounds amazing right now!
yes almost done with classes for the day! did really great on my assignments! i feel totally accomplished  smile 
crossing my fingers everything goes well today     excited for the weekend! ah so much to do i love it!  smile 
   yes finally    that would be my second step in the right direction        things are looking amazing they are coming together better than i thought        smile 
amazing i got so much done today!  smile 
i totally love the feeling of looking forward to something that doesnt happen when i e playful ect it to   haha not      boo!!!!!!!  sad 
i guess the bright side is i'm still living a pretty wonderful life!  smile 
seriously    what part of no do some people not understand? ah life    gotta love it  smile 
"          to sum things up, i love it!!!!!!!!!!!  smile "
note to self strawberry protein shakes taste disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!
love it! rain plz stay and storm some more!
i totally love it when things work out amazingly!
finally get to work again!!! woohoo!!!!  smile 
ok seriously when did mullets become so popular? i've seen too many mullets today  smile 
things are starting to get to the exciting part now!  smile  its all so perfect im wondering if its real!
   i'm so anxious to find out what will happen    it all seems so surreal!  smile 
drams is like clouds when it's gone everything seems brighter!
finally everything is coming together! im so excited for the next few months to come!  smile 
"catching up cuz next week is going to be super busy!!!!!!! i'm learning the more positive you are about your life the more positive things happen in it, right now i'm incredebly grateful!  smile "
oh juicy perfume how i love you sooooo!   smile 
yay keep the good news coming plz!  smile 
"if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world    whoisn't perfect but is perfect for you    who works hard and would do anything for you    that makes you laugh    who is your best friend   who you want to grow old with    and who you are thankful for everyday! re-post! ily ?"
   i cant decide if today is wonderful or just simply irritating! i really wish a break in school would hurry up and get here! it is very much needed!  smile 
   looks like today is turning out better then i thought
i never thought of toyotas as gangsta trucks but hey i guess u can lower anything and make it look terrible!  smile 
it would be amazing if i could have one day with nothing planned to do!  smile 
why has chivalry disappeared? i do not like this at all!
finally some down time    it will amazing to be able to have a day to simply regroup!  smile 
seriously don't want to be in class today! hopefully i will learn something i don't already know!lol
blah! overwhelmed and totally impatient right now!
one more step closer! and i would be completely estactic if this semster could just end already! it seems like it just keeps going and going!  smile 
"some people just simply need to learn enough is enough, and i am on to bigger and better things in my life without them!  smile "
   super excited for this entire month!!!!!!  smile 
"i wish sephora would just open a store in sonora already! i really need stuff from there but dont want to drive or go online to get it, haha how lazy!  smile "
"   one more step closer, i am becoming estatic with all of this! smile "
it's amazing how it can be storming but my day still has sunshine in it bcuz of you
life is amazing!  smile 
"so excited, but i need more boxes for packing really bad!  smile "
it's the little things in life that are amazing and make me smile!  smile 
i'm crossing my fingers hoping everything goes well    if i stay positive everything is supposed to work out right?
today is like my friday and i am super excited! kinda sux that i have so much to catch up on tho      smile 
why does all the useful information come in life when u have already been through when you really could have used it    life works in funny ways some times i think  smile 
i totally love this weather! but it's giving me some crazy ideas  smile 
one word to describe today      spastic!
"i totally wish that ppl would realize that when it starts snowing on the road they need to slow down and pay attention, not think i need to get home fast!"
last night was simply amazing! i am so thankful for the people in my life right now i love them all so much  now to catch up on everything before finals week is here!  smile 
i wish today didn't have to be so busy! oh well i guess it's better than not doing anything  smile 
i totally love outspoken idiots who are inconsiderate of others opinions    totally make class way better ha not  sad 
it's amazing what some people give up to make another person they love happy      smile 
going to be a busy day! cant wait till the end of this month!  smile 
why do i get sick right before finals?! this sux
"dear facebook,\i totally am not liking how everytime i get on the computer to do school work some how you suck me in and make me lose track of time!"
i love it when i register for my classes and get every one that i wanted!  smile 
i seriously wish whatever i'm sick with would just go away already  i'm tired of having no voice!  smile 
totally love how people put false information on there facebook     get real literally!
i'm counting down    only like three more weeks left! this new year is going to be amazing i have a feeling
found my truck keys on rileys dog bed i think he doesn't want me to go to class  if only my teacher would accept the excuse my dog took my keys so i can't come to class  smile 
surprised that its not my finals stressing me out but my scholarship application!  smile 
counting down the days! estatic for what's about to happen!  smile 
ya last day of finals! scholarship application due! today should be relaxing after i leave school today     smile 
"registered for my classes, almost done with finals, scholarship app done     ya christamas is almost here!!!!! goodbye stress!!!!!  smile "
i'm starting to think i have angels following me that's the only e playful lanation for it!  smile 
time seems to be flying by right now everything seems surreal!  smile 
sometimes i wish i was a bear and could just hibernate in my home not having to deal with the world    now that would be relaxing!  smile  to bad reality has me so incredibly busy!
i'm amazed at how busy this semester is already and it's only the second day    ah starting to stress out now!
never say never!  wohoo here i go!!!!!!  smile 
half way through my fourth class today one more to go then i get to go home!!!!!  smile 
this year i am determined to learn how to garden    any tips please do share  bcuz i have a feeling  this will turn out interesting!  smile 
 smile  yay! whoever said there was no such thing as a money tree lied    i found one and it's amazing!
"dilemma    every car i find that i absolutely love is absolutely out of my price range! it would be awesome if a miracle would just happen and i can figure out a way to get the car i want, because my trucks gas mileage sucks!"
i am determined that before i graduate college i will be on the deans list!
sometimes u just have to force urself to put everything down and relax     smile 
i totally love waking up and hearing nothing outside but the quite sound of geese and horses  smile  it makes my day so much better already!
it would be wonderful if my two jobs and being a full time student would ease up so i can find some time for fun  smile 
"i totally wish that girls who dye their hair blonde would quit using the excuse \i'm stupid because i'm blonde hahaha\"" really us naturals are actually pretty smart  so it's not ur hair it is simply u being stupid quit making excuses for ur stupidity! thanks!  smile """
"falling down let's us learn what we need to know in life    so why must people get so upset when we fall, instead they should be proud that we learned the lesson needing to be taught on our own   smile "
i'm incredibly thankful! all that studying paid off! i got a b on my biology test and was only a couple points off from an a!  smile 
"all the makeup someone may wear, brand names they may have, and money in the world can not make someone beautiful  it is truly what we have inside of us and how we show it to the world that reflects our true beauty!  smile "
totally adorable! i am learning that our new puppy is a snow fiend! she is running around our yard trying to attack every single snow flake that falls  smile 
"it would be lovely if out power would go back on, roads would stop being icy, and trees would get themselves off my house!  smile "
so happy that 16 hour day at work is behind me     smile 
i woke up this morning thinking today is going to be wonderful! so far my biology test has been postponed and the sun is out  smile  so happy!
when life gives you a speed bump approach it fast get air and have fun     wink 
and my day just became so much less stressful!  smile 
i totally thought we were done with snow     well hopefully people don't drive as idiotic as the last storm   smile 
starting to feel the stress with working and school  schedule is crazier then hectic    i wish i could find time to simply sit and not get behind on anything! ah relaxation where are you?  sad 
<propfemale> is amazing i love it!  smile 
grape but practically banana!  smile 
hmmm   the endless opportunities life has available for me are wonderful! now what to do
the glimpse of a blue sky keeps me hopeful!  smile 
thinking about selling my truck anyone interested?
new bed      smile  i am in love!
yay counting down the days till i go to reno!!! spa and volleyball i think yes it will be amazing! atlantis here i come!  smile 
 sad  no bueno! why must all the difficult decisions have to come when i am stressed out already!?
