51262367fad799e1657366cdf78202b2
i had to clean up my brother's throw-up today   good morning world
schedule is mia  
schedule is now not mia
work work work
thanks everyone
going to some american idol thing
gone to boston
not in boston
is it bad when you wake up to play farmville?
williamsburg for family history fun
is confused by biology
doesn't feel very good
is a beast at thriller
"ever had a day that just beats you up, kicks you a few times then laughs at you?"
yes my gatekeeper
college visits with <propmale> <propmale>
pet a cow!
it still counts as a win when the other team goes the wrong way right?
who ya gonna call?
"today i learned why you shouldnt wear small shoes, its not pretty"
ive had like 8 glasses of orange juice todya so i dont get swine flu   and i really need to pee
day three still no swine everyone around me is dropping like flies   its the oj
hey umm bio folks is that lab due tommorow?
am i the whitest person in the world?
haha no more running! well at least for tommorow
im tired and its only 7   does this make me a loser?
sick sick sick
is no longer filled with pestilence
<propfirst>'s zebra has a big but
i lost my voice   does anyone know where it is?
hap> me
gone to philly
try sticking a soda can in a fire some time
retreat
public service announcement: it's snowing
o o
my feet hurt alot
still haven't started my bio paper! sleep is for sissies!
sleeping is overrated
"life's a laugh and death's a joke, it's true  ull see its all a show keep em laughing as you go just remember that the last laugh is on you "
greatest igloo ever ever
no school again
great white buffalo?
im the one being eaten apparently
not at work in the code red heat
college orientation
nerd rage 2010
thanks to everyone for saying happy birthday!
done with camp
leaving for vt today
at college
just went from waking up at 8 on mondays to 12  life is good
i hate boise state
today's been a bowltastic day!
i have christmas songs stuck in my head 
why is it that every time i play captain planet i end up being heart?
today i am of foul temperment
is no longer of foul temperment
"today, i was told my beard makes me look like a wwii general "
memory all alone in the moonlight+ male genitalia = epic song
always i wanna be with you and make believe with you and live in <propfemale> <propfemale> ahhhhhhhh
i'm raging at my chemistry
home  like the <propfemale> one
i'm at weird place right now  my room is right between uncomfortable hot and cozy warm  so i'm like whooo then i'm like ahhh  its odd
do me like we're in narnia- zander baylis
i am currently mad at <propfemale> <propfemale> nixon because she made me stay up too late playing halo and now i can't stay awake  but we did beat legendary that was pretty freakin awesome
excittttttttteeeeddddddddd
"the last man on earth sat alone in a room  there was a knock on the door-\shortest horror story ever"
is it bad that i can make my ankle crack?
i need a good poker face  i feel like this will make my life much better
i just remembered the beginning of the movie tarzan was actually really sad  i mean everyone thinks about him all swingin around and such but people die
im depressed  and my tooth came out in the shower
hey remember that one time we beat <propfemale> tech? that was sweet
got a marshmallow today in chem  happiness!
walking dead= greatest show ever!
i'm in an oddly fantastic mood 
all my family are gypsies!
chem lab rageeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
will anyone go ice skating with me?
my mom wants to kill my sweatshirt
i just started humming arabesque for some reason 
done with one semester!
home!
just told my mom what trolling means  now whenever i ask her a question she says im trolling her 
my little sister got me deodorant for christmas   i'm not sure what to think
for some reason i've the sultans of swing stuck in my head  just though everyone would like to know
today's entertainment: getting down the stairs without touching the steps 
im kinda angry i went from being a lion to a crab  i've been downgraded in life 
"back at tech  played risk and got stuck in africa, for a loooooooooooooong time"
i got a paper cut while trying to eat food  does this mean i should stop eating?
life uses confuse <propfirst>  <propmale> hurts himself in confusion!
its 3 smile 0 in the morning and all i want to do is floss 
<propfemale> <propmale> is sooooo awesome
i really wanna buy a stormtrooper outfit  i just feel like the uses are endless
should i buy nightmare off ebay?
phones broken 
she doesnt even go here! do you go here?
i love my sister <propfemale> so much!!!
back at tech
alright so my new plan is i'm going to take my nap before chemistry lab outside near hahn so when i wake up late i won't actually be late!
my roommate just called me fat 
have you ever had a song like stuck in your head but you dont remember any of the words and you have like a 5 second clip in your head? isn't it the best feeling when you actually find out what it is? just happened and i had to tell someone 
"so much burn, but luckily i burned a a v on my chest so i look like a super hero"
