7da530bf3eb5fe2dbb61cefc7413e8c2
had far too much fun in the city tonight! happy new year everyone!
is in a pretty shitty mood!
is in a much better mood today!
is just not gonna let fucking assholes get to him    er gonna try at least!
"got an \a\"" in his first summer class! let's see if he can do it agian for the second one!"""
"is screamin from the mt  tops \enough with the goddamn rain! this isn't seatle!\"""""
is in l-uh-uh-uv! is in l-uh-uh-uv!
has a long week    yet again     doesn't life get any less bizzy?
"cut class this morn     oooops  but still has to go off to fedex! please guys! enough with the tires, crates, and furniture!"
is ready for the weekend! bring it on!
"may not always know whats best for himself, but he knows what def is not!"
has only 3 more days of his summer class then he is free 'till he goes to la in 3 weeks!  smile 
"wishes some people would have more going for them then just \fun to look at\""! lol"""
"was offered a lead postion, but it's over night which means he would have to give up a few things in his life     he has no idea what to do!!!!!!"
didn't take the job but is instead on a list for when something durin his normal hours opens up 
just wants a relaxing weekend!
already hates this week!
"is being super serial, you guys! man-bear-pig is going to attack!"
just wants some things to go back to the way they were     
"is wondering why he is always the \convenient fuck \""       perhaps it's actually time to not be such a slut n e more     lol"""
can't go another day w out seein his friday night crew!
hates people     they suck!
thinks people who beat their children deserve to be beatin themeselves!
"is hungover and going to work      death, firing, or quitting will happen today      lol"
really really     really hates fedex!
is leavin for la one week from today!
"just has to get through this week, then off to la at last!"
just has 2 more days      thats it! <propfemale> la!
"has come to the conclusion that homosexual practices aren't considered \gay\"" amongst str8 men if: 1) he is getting paid 2) he's drinking (alcohol) or 3) he delcares \""no homo\"" within 15 seconds  he also believes people need to get the hell over themselves!"""
is goin to calerfornie! he hears they got intanet out there!
has been to nyc more times then he can count and never had a serious prob wit bums  he spends one day in san <propfemale> and he is attacked by two    west coast bums are really     annoying! lol
would like to remind his east coast people that he is 3 hrs behind  so dont call before 3 pm est!  smile 
can't believe he has only been away for a week! good to know at least some people miss me!  smile 
has <propmale> drving for 10 hrs str8 (most of which was down the cali coast) and is ready to blow his brains out! (oh and he is still 5 hrs away from la!
is in la at last!!!!!!!!!! and has vip access to universal studios tomorrow!
had the best day of his life as a vip at universal studios in hollywood!
met <propmale> <propfirst> today!!!!!!!!!
"had a really great day at <propmale> brothers studio today  he got to meet an actor from one of his favorite shows \chuck\"" that was in the middle of filming!  smile """
is goin home tomorrow!
has a very long day ahead of him as he leaves la to come back to nj!
is back in nj!
classes in a week     ew
is actually not goin to classes this semester since the gov't thinks he makes too much money at fedex to get aid      riiiiiiight    
"it's not that i dont care (i do!), i just dont see myself in you      lol"
is just so damn confuse  one minute he is told by the state he is too <propmale> for fed aid    then his school sends him a letter telling him the gov't is payin 3 4 of his tuition       wtf?!
"at least knows that if you avoid things like smoking cigs and drinking coffee cuz it's bad for your health, then you are not a goth! you are a freakin' vampire-kid!"
was totally just bailed on last <propfemale> and now has an extra ticket to see a show in the city (nyc) tonight and just really doesnt want the ticket to go to waste    anybody up for it? it's free    
believes <propfemale> jazikoff is the most awesome person alive! you're a life saver!  smile 
really hates school     welp not goin this semester    
is gonna 23 in 2 weeks!  smile 
has noticed kay-fed has really let himself go!
had one mind-fuck of a day!
is trying to pay his college <propmale> online but since everyone and their mother is paying today as well the fucking site keeps timing out! gggggrrrrrrr
is sooooooooo happy he has off tomorrow!  smile 
happy labor day!
is 23 in a week from today! if he didnt tell the people he invited to his thing when or where text him asap!
is wondering who the fuck he is friends wit that is 48? lol
is playing arkham asylum       and loving it!
is 23 tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is 23 yrs old! he only has 7 yrs left till 30        oh boy!
has class in the am then work     back to life for the newly 23 yr old     
wants to learn things     just not boring things    
is wondering why he must constantly be surrounded by such freakin' idiots!
"same shit, different week    "
just wants one thing      anything to work out!
wishes facebook would tell u what friends take you off thier list so ur not goin thro 200+ friends tryin to figure out who did! lol
is just      done wit it all    
finally found jesus! he was behind the shotgun seat of my car the entire time!
could honestly care less about silent films at this point      
is goin to a mad early halloween party! boo!
's loyalty is with the u s  gov't      not it's ruler! back off!
"is just so done with all the drama! you want to act like a fucking 12 yr old, be my fucking guest, but dont be shocked when i'm not around n e more asshole!"
doesnt want to work the rest of the week     but will for the $$$$$ 
lets go yankees!
believes they are giving away the nobel peace prize like hooker opens his her legs for a desperate sale! fuck obama!
loves having a day or 2 off!
"is wondering why did <propfemale> knock on <propmale>'s door, and collins choose the phone booth back where angel set up his drums? why did <propfemale>'s equipment break down? why is he the witness? and when he captures it on film     will it mean that it's the end    and he's alone?"
heard there is a saw <propfemale>     really?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! beatin a dead horse guys!
can not think of a clever status update     
"has disovered one can get porn on blu <propfirst>! yes ladies and gents, porn in high def! thankx, <propfirst>!  smile "
let's hope tonight is the night! let's go yankees!
"so much for winning    it's cool, the yanks can win sat!     er we better!"
has a feeling the yankees aren't goint to be playing tonight      and hopes at least tomorrow they finish off the goddamn angels!
thinks the yankees are gonna kick some angels ass tonight!        please let tonight be the fucking night!!!!!!
is sooooooo happy the yankees won! about fuckin time we were goin to the series!
"is trying to figure out why he continues to be moved to places in fedex he needs    not be! putting a(n) unloader ic handler tugger in a1 to load a truck is like just handing him a knife, giving him basics on open heart surgery, then sayin \go get 'em tiger!\"" wtf?!"""
has a mid-term tomorrow @ 8 am     ew
is wondering if the yankees are gonna play tonight     eh probly not! let's go yankees!
is to excited for tonight! he better see mad peoples there!!!!!!
would like to know what kind person would like to keep him updated for game 3 tonight since he will not be home     or near a tv showin the game     lol
is happy the yankees won! 2 wins down    2 to go!
loves how it is top of the first and it's already 2-0 yankees! lol
"is still watchin the game  bottom of the 5th, 4-2 yankees!"
is ssoooooo not happy about this tie! lets go yankees!
what a fuckin play by damen and a-rod!!!!!!!!!!!! 5-4 yanks!
7-4 yankees!!!!!!
yankees win 7-4 final!
is so not happy with the way the game went tonight      but 6-8 is still pretty close     at least we have a <propmale> to win at home!
has to go vote then get to work     one day school will end and he will do the things he wants to do! it just better freakin pay well! lol
just loves having bronchitis!
is so glad corzine is outie!!!!!!!
wants the yankees to run the phillies out of the bronx tonight!
dished out $75 to go to the er when he couldnt breath just to find out what he already knew! bronchitis!     tho the fact he has a 103 degree fever was knew  well on the bright side he is on bed rest till monday and the yankees are winning! oh and fuck you fedex for cutting the walkin dead last!!!!!
yankees win! here's to # 27 and many many more!  laugh 
"is a little bit better, but still feels like complete shit     he also hasnt had a cig in 29 hrs which isnt helping either  damn this sick thing!"
got his jury summons in the mail     
doesnt know what to make for dinner     or should he just go out?
is back to his life! so long broncitis!
is back to work    
dreamed a dream in time gone by    
would do n e thing for just one night with (blank)!!!!!! n e thing!
"was not aware he had \servant child\"" branded on his ass!"""
wants to know who is up for a mother fuckin jurassic park marathon! ya know the one thats very very over due!
"just saw 2012 and thought it was a great movie  total bs, but a great movie!  wink      oh and eastwick is cancled      sad "
"reactivated his \city of heroes\"" account     anyone want to want to friend my game account?"""
has an 8 am class then off to hell    er um fedex   
thinks fedex drama is really fun    esp when he isnt involved  he is also assuming that 2 of fedex's finest will no longer have a job by tomorrow! lol
believes there should be a law in this country that all men should be circumsized! seriously     it's mad gross!
always seems to have something else to do   
hates writer's block!
will have the insensitive bitch w  a side of f*ck you! lol
is just too good to be true!  wink 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
work in a bit then <propmale>!
is gonna enjoy his weekend!
"is no longer going to \like\"" people's statuses! he is sick to death of all the notifications every time a new person has something to say about!!!!! lol"""
"is having farrrrrr too much fun with his new lightersaber n e grown man should have! and no, it is not a code word for penis, it is an actual $120 fx lightsaber, lol "
"loves snoooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwww! (mostly cuz he doesnt have to drive n e where in it, lol)"
"is now really really really bored, lol  hit me up!"
"is being forced to pick between team <propfirst> and team <propmale>    he doesnt even like twilight  thus the termoil in picking a side, lol "
fucked up     royally   
really really really has to do his film journals     distractions are more then welcome as always!  smile 
4 journals down     4 to go!
hopes his journals are exactly what they're supposed to be    lol
is all done with the journals     thank the good lord!
can't believe this semester will be over weds    still isnt here soon enough lol
"is done with classes!      until <propfirst>, lol "
wants everyone to check out his new pics and see what a dork he is! lol
is sooooo happy it's friday!!! nice pre-christmas weekend     this boy could use some stoli!!!!!!
really hates the snow      normally loves it      but this weekend really really hates it!!!! and is it really still snowing? really?!
is only workin 3 days this week!
"has work tomorrow 11 am-11 pm    that's right, 12 full hrs of fedex     lord have mercy!"
has only one day left for work this week!
"<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a great time with family, friends, and all that ya'll love!"
is starting his tru blood season 1 weekend as of     now! lol <propfemale> christmas all!
"had an interesting christmas    is in brooklyn for the day then     other plan? lol hit me up, you got my number! unless you dont     then   um    well you know what i am saying!"
has work today    ew    then mon-thurs    new years should be a blast this year me thinks!
is off new years <propfemale> all day! woohoo!
's last day of the year @ fedex is tonight! let's see how it rolls! lol
wants everyone to have a safe and very very very happy new year!
new year  new possibilities!
"has work today, jurty duty and work tomorrow, then work or jury duty the rest of the week          ew!"
loved spending 8 hrs in a room for really no reason at all! thankx middlesex county courthouse for a waste of my day!!!!
had a really really really shitty day         
watchin season 2 of <propmale> then off to work    
said what he had to say    and feels much better now!
feels like sometimes men are more womanly than women    
work then off to <propfemale>'s party thingy!
proved to himself tonight that he can still have a great time at a party without drinking what so ever!
j-e-t-s jets jets jets!
"can't wait for \chuck\"" to start tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile """
"has work, work, then more work! yay to being an adult!"
changed his voicemail to something fun!  smile 
is hoping things work out      well i have work to keep my mind off of it! plenty of annoying things happen at fedex to keep my attention diverted! lol
gave him a <propmale> to work things out and he blew it  oh well    life goes on and i deserve much better n e way!
"cant wait for rhps tomorrow night! switch night! come one, come all    just not your usual gender!  wink "
is a vampire according to the findings of <propmale> seesselberg  now that e playful lains my insomnia!
waiting for the game to start  who do ya'll think is gonna win?
can't believe classes begin tomorrow     oh man! at least it is only 4 months!
j-e-t-s jets jets jets!!!!!
what in my mind beats against you?
is on his way to becoming a walph! (work area lead package handler)
ventilation system!
j-e-t-s jets! jets! jets!
"fuck you, <propfirst> sanchez!"
"is shamefully addicted to the song \bad romance\""     """
"goddamn it usc, answer your freakin phones!!!!!! how do you e playful ect me to complete every little freakin thing you want me to if you wont return my e-mails or freakin answer your phones!!!!! ggggggrrrrrrr!"
"ok usc, thank you for answering  next time though try not to take your bad day out on me when i had 3 questions as opposed to the 43 questions per other callers "
just terrible! unnnnnnbearable! god awful!!!!! : laugh ry heaves:: lol gotta love my work buddies!
thinks it's really funny how no matter how many years after you graduate hs    the drama still follows you   
"i want your horror  i want your design  cuz you're a criminal as long as your mine  i want your love  love-love-love  i want your love! (cuz i'm a freak bitch, baby!)"
i just hate how much i still love you     
"doppelgänger week: \ during the week please change your profile picture to someone famous who you have been told you look like  then post this to your profile!\"""""
did his taxes! can't wait to get my super serial refund!
knows when he is being played    though he may act naive he is far from it! i'm watching!
omfg! yet another freakin change facebook?!?!?!!? give up!!!!
is afc all the way!!!
work all week    ew
snow day! errrr kinda     still have to go into work later!
has a nice long day tomorrow     yay!
got his refund today thankx to e-filing!!!!! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
"same shit, different day!"
will not be attending usc    at least not this fall    
is gonna flip the fuck out if he gets one more goddamn request for farmville or mafia wars!
"just saw the wolfman with <propfirst> burnett and <propfemale> abela  not as good as everyone said it was, but still good!"
is having a lot of fun playing left for dead    but now the weekend is over and it is back to work!  sad 
really really needs to get his freakin glasses already!
fuck fedex!!!! no promotion is worth this shit!
's class is cancelled! time to sleep on in!  smile 
to hell and back then    well     where the hell else am i friday nites?  smile 
did is financial aid! let's see what the gov't just might give him for school!
"is mr  \sex a la carte \"" you all know this     so why continuously act so surprised when he hooks up and loses interest after the first (and mostly only) time    honestly!"""
so it would seem no one got the message the first time about the constant requests for farm petville and or mafia wars     if you dont like being friends with me on facebook     go right ahead and send me another request!
wants jello    for no reason at all    just    wants    jello    
is having a really really good day so far!  smile 
"is off to wonderful world of fedex(a k a hell)!!! another day, another few cents   "
is 20 hrs cig free!
is 35 hrs smoke free!!!!!!
just has a little over a day before the nicotine is out of his system! soooooooooo close    
wishes people would stop burning food every morning so he doesnt have to wake up 2-3 hrs before he has to and want to throw up! learn how to make toast or stay away from the toaster!!!!!!!!!!
thank you <propfemale> for stressing me out sssssoooooo much tonight that after 3 whole days of being cig free it was the only thing that kept me from doing something really really stupid! yes that's right folks  i'm a smoker again!
"the pacific! tonight, 9pm hbo! gonna be epic! can't freakin wait!!!!!"
"is wondering why life cant be like the sims 2? don't like your current job, read the paper and get another just like that!           oh dear god, i just compaired life to the sims    damn i need a new job!"
"lady gaga     why are you trying to make my brain bleed out when i try to make sense of your \telephone\"" video     is there a dr  in the house?"""
is not happy he has to go to work on such a beautiful day!!!!!! gggrrrrr
happy st  patrick's day!!!!!!!!!!
"is watching \the dark knight\"" and then enjoying this wonderful day!"""
thinks everyone should check out the vid he just posted!!!  smile 
is recovering from last night the best he can! god i love those girls!  smile 
is hoping to be in a much better mood tomorrow     annoyed 
new day     new start!  smile 
found some! found some something  evidence! he found some evidence! he is going to analyze it    with sci ence !!!!
just doesn't unuderstand why guys dont flush the goddamn urinal when they finish peeing! it takes a second     c'mon!!!!!!
is debating if he should post a vid on how he hates obama's health care reform    
got his first tatoo tonight!!!!  smile 
has to work all week    booooo
i should've left my phone at come cuz this is a disaster! callin' like a collector    sorry i cannot answer!
is love struck      eeeewwww!
is sooooooooo no longer love struck! asshole!
hopes the yankees kick some boston ass!!!!! let's go yankees!!!!
happy zombi-jesus day!!! and let's go yankkees!
hopes this week is far better then last week!
really hopes the yankees kick some boston ass tonight and make it 2-1!
"it's not that i don't care (i do!)  i just don't see myself in you    another time, another scene, i'd be right behind ya (if ya know what i mean  wink !!!)"
"they say that i have the best ass, below 14th street    is it true? (you're staring again)  laugh "
starts his first week as a walph tomorrow    let's see how long he lasts!
is already sick to death of this walph shit  i'm goin back to a reg ph by the end of the week! a dollar more is ssssoooo not worth this shit!
"loves the book \dead after dark!!!!\""    aka the book version of season one of \""true blood\""  smile """
is going to yankee stadium tomorrow to fix this ticket crap    any one want to take a trip to the bronx with me tomorrow     ?
had a great day goin into nyc and gettin yankee tix with ren filthrag pomrinkand <propfirst> burnett! probly coulda spent more time in the city if a certain someone (we'll call him <propfirst>) got up in time!  smile 
another week at fedex! god i fucking hate that place sooo much!
"is there anything else, anything at all, that you would like to overreact to?"
"if you want to be friends with <propfirst> mazzello from \the pacific\"" he has asked that you add him <propfirst> mazzello on this link!"""
"really wishes, just for the hell of it, \the poop that took a pee\"" was a real book so he could read it! lol"""
happy 21rst birthday <propfemale> higgins! fun in the city tonight with the gang!
is wondering if anyone at his job would notice if he hired a mexican to work for him   
"has just learned that office staples are not a very good (or comfortable) substitute for needle and thread when fixing shorts, lol "
go yankees! 12-0!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"dear fedex, blow me! love <propfirst>"
"finally finished \dead until dark\""!!! now it's \""living dead in dallas\""  smile """
it's mother f*ckin friday!!!! work (unfort) then off to party!
had a great night last night!!!!
where does my weekend go?
is sick to death of people mistaking his niceness as a weakness 
"au revior, fedex! i would like to say that this has been a fun and meaningful e playful erience    but quite frankly you suck ass and i hope your business goes bankrupt and the hub burns to the \ground\"" (get it?)  on friday i will so not be looking back!"""
is serious wondering if leaving fedex is the right thing to do    
is getting all his packing done for disney world!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah     seatle sounds nice   
only 2 more days!!!
one day more!
is gettin ready for disney!!!!!
is stuck in the airport in <propmale> for another 2 fucking hours!!! ugh! at least i have internet for a change!  smile 
is home  smile 
"it sucks that i love you as much as i do and you feel nothing but an ounce of friendship for me  i will miss you, none-the-less "
what would i give to live where you are  what would i pay to stay here beside you? what would i do to see you smiling at me?
there's always some mother fucker trying to ice skate up hill    
at least outloud i wont say i'm in love   
i'm nothing without   
my twisted soul is in agony    i am haunted by the affection you should've never have given me  if only you knew   
true blood: season 2 in my hands! this should keep me occupied for at least a day or two  smile 
wonders how fedex is doing without him    
has one week left in good old nj  if you plan on seeing me    now is the time!  smile 
"oh, i wish i could live in bon temps!"
and i wonder if i ever cross your mind     for me it happens all the time!
you wanna play ball? we'll play   
"only 110 pages left! then it's on to  \dead to the world\"""""
yankees vs  astros! finally goin to the new stadium! yes!!!!
had the best fucking day he has had in such a really long time! let's go yankees! and here is to good friends!  smile 
you can't bullshit a bullshitter    so y even bother tryin?
wants to go to the beach! (no homo)
it's hard to deal with everybody else's problems when i have enough of my own to deal with  i'm hangin' up my cape at last! this hero is retired!
"<propfemale>, i am in no mood for lesbian weirdness tonight!"
"i cant just keeping watching the door and e playful ecting him to come in and say \sookie \"""""
bullshit! god does have horns!
i just dont even know how to feel about you anymore    
life is one big show  so learn your part and give it all you've got!
is chillin with <propfirst> barnick     no homo of course lol 
what a crazy day!
"i guess i will never understand why people with great bods thinks that it excuses thier messed up face     um personality, thats what i wanted to say    right   "
you can't be disappointed if you dont have e playful ectations 
so you think: might as well dance a tango to hell  at least i'll have tangoed at all!
i'm like a dog chasing cars; i wouldn't know what to do with one if i caught it!
i hate allergies! i must be allergic to unemployment! i really needs to fix that!
"wake tonight, funeral tomorrow  r i p !"
why does it always take a funeral for someone to realize we never know what we have until it is gone and never coming back? we really do have to take life seriously and live every moment!
i'm so out of my mind these days i feel like i belong in arkham asylum! n e one want to b my rommie?
is defeated!
"really, i am not the guy to mess with these days!"
if n e one is free this sat and wants to go to a yankee game let me know asap!
it's a sad feeling when you have more friends on facebook then you do money in your bank account  lol
yay! my laptop is virus free again! woot!
"i can be your best friend or worst enemy! guess what you are now, pal! thankx for the leverage!"
doesnt know which headshot to use tomorrow     ugh! n e one have a pref?
"is stoked for tomorrow!!!!!!!! gonna be a fun trip with <propfirst> singalewitch, <propmale> <propmale> vicidomini, and <propfirst> barnick!!!"
what an unproductive day!
is 31 hrs cig free! (here we go again)
53 hrs cig free  tomorrow is hump day     i hope i make it till then!
over 3 days cig free! nice not wanting to need one  kicking the oral fixation is a bitch all in itself! lol
dont get mad at me for not being around  be mad at yourself for pushing me away    
"i may be a \fucking asshole\"" but at least i don't pretend i'm not """
for the next 24 hours you can ask me one question (in my inbox) that i will answer in complete honesty  i dare you to put this as your status nd see what you get 
hit me up if anybody wants to do anything tomorrow!
"watching batman begins, the dark knight, then grey's anatomy     if anyone wants to join or has better ideas before 8 pm let me know    cuz after 8 it's time for fns!!!!"
sleep sounds good right about now    
shit happens when you party naked    
how many personal freedomes are we really going to give up in teh name of security? seriously?
i wanna do bad things with you    wink 
it sucks when you're stuck between the right thing to do and the harmful thing to do  annoyed 
"aw how cute     you think i'm playing games  the game is about to get real intense when a cop hands you a summons for court on friday assholes! and no, i dont fucking care anymore "
"workin tonight, tomorrow, and friday morning  hit me up for sat fun!"
"just so you 3 know, i was being very serious  what happens next, you did to yourselves   "
"you did this to yourselves! don't bitch to me anymore, i no logner directly deal you assholes "
today feels like a great day to be in the city    too bad i have work     and no money (yet)  lol
"thought he had work today, good thing he called first about something dumb  so    who is free to do something today?  smile "
wants a cookie     but what kind? damn these numerous options!
i'm curious as to who else knows this     the biggest man hunt in history was chasing _________?
first thing is first     where's my camera!  laugh 
<propfemale> thibault's life is in her sinus cavity  the world should know nothing can possibly get worse for her     tho i do believe getting aids would suck jjjjuuussssttttt a bit more! lol
i can't decide if i am happy to be going back to classes or annoyed that i am gonna have more shit to deal with     hmmmmmmm
i dunno who you thank you are but before the night is through     i wanna do bad things with you!
the us gov't (according to caller id) called my house for me while i was out      huh?
will not be splitting his attention 3 ways as of this school year  something has to give  unnecessary drama and flat out bull shit shall be (and should've been) dropped 
that chick was all 6's and 7's!!!!!!!
"had a very strange dream that several people, including <propfirst> assad , <propfirst> <propfirst> milliron, and who i understood to be <propfirst> ferguson, were throwing bibles at him because he wouldn't bake a cake got his hs reunion  lol      what goes through my mind while i sleep?  smile "
yay higher education! first day of class and i already have a 7 <propfemale> paper due in 2 weeks! (the day after my b-day!) gggrrrrr!
"rhps tonight! then going to wedding of the bestesd awesomest cousinkate pagano with the lovely <propfemale> stanislawczyk as my date, then off to work     gonna be a fun filled 29 hours!  smile "
porkchop sandwhiches?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
body massage!
is a fang banger! what you gonna do about it?
wow     it's been 9 years since 9 11 and it still feels like it just happend   sad 
"hey, kid! i'm a computer!!!!"
always when i get around to writing my long ass papers does everyone in the universe need to bug me every 5 seconds for something that serious can wait     seriously!
"silicon, saline, poison inject me, baby  i'm a free bitch!"
is 24 years old     wow
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! tonight is aziz ansari with <propfirst> higgins! only 2 more days till fun time sat!!!!
city tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!! please send me a text sometime today if your def coming so i can give you all the details 
going to the city! woo hoo!!!! gonna be an amazing night with amazing friends!  smile 
"regardless of my night morning last night today, i still plan on partying in nyc again  too bad those cock suckers have now made my pitty towards the homeless turn into disgust  i really hope i cross paths with them again cuz they really wont know what hit them (since i didnt know what hit me!) "
"you will never fall apart, <propfemale>  you're still in our hearts  never let you fall apart  together we'll dance in the dark "
"has the option of studying history in ireland, spain, and italy, photography in austria, film in england and <propfemale>, and english in new zealand for the spring for free and cant decide what to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"is too shifty for some people  my bad, i thought that my intentions were always out in the open (you get what you see)        guess not!"
"it's like my life was wrong, and now it seems at last i'm in my own skin "
"work your blonde, (<propfirst>) benet ramsey, we’ll haunt like liberace  find your freedom in the music  find your jesus  find your kubrick "
nice job a-rod!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2 run homerun!!!!!
an anti-climatic win     but a win none-the-less! lets go yankees!!!!
yep     it's gonna one of those weeks  all work school and no play makes <propfirst> a really irritable boy  lord help me!  smile 
last night was def one of the not-so-better nights  lol here's a better night tonight!
has made up his mind and will be studying celtic civilization in ireland this spring!!!!  smile 
"\no girl wants to marry a doctor if he can't tell if a man is dead or not \"""""
sometimes     i'm too <propfemale> for my own damn good!  smile 
why does it feel like drama seeks me out and pulls me in the middle of issues i really don't need right now?
sometimes i ask myself the tough questions no one else will ask me 
so done! just     so damn done  how are you older then me and i am more of a man then you will ever hope to become? seriously?!
is workin a double today!!!! ugh      come visit me!!!!!!!!!
he had it comin'! he had it comin'! he only had himself to blame  if you'd've been there; if you'd've heard it; i bet ya you would have done the same!
it's fun when you forget to print out a paper due that day! lol thank the lord for e-mail!!!!!!!!
"cleaing, pumpkin carving, then cast meeting!!!!"
"like my status\& i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at\your wall for 13 seconds  2 the color you remind me of  3  my first\memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  something i've always\wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  a fresh    new\   weird nickname  8  a challenge to you to post this see more"
"i don't care about e playful ensive things, cashmere coats, <propfemale> rings  don't mean a thing  all i care about is love  (that's what i'm here for)"
do you really want to live in a neighborhood where people piss on your stoop every night?
"for those assholes who clearly know nothing about baseball     you can blame hughes all you want for how the game went, but dont forget that if none of your at bat players are hitting well, thus not making it to any bases to score any runs, you're still not going to win the game! please educate yourself before you open mouth   smile "
"saw \bride of chucky\"" for the first time in ten years! i forgot how corny it was     lol"""
"no class!!!!      now up early with no <propmale> of going back to sleep      7 hrs before work so i guess it's time for me to get some sh*t done! if n e one wants to join, hit me up!!!"
"it's really difficult to do a \hit and quit it\"" with someone you work with     just sayin! lol"""
go sf giants! just 3 more games!!!!
damn texas! lol how embarresed are you!?!?!?! go sf giants! 2 more games!!!!
"so       my car is shot to hell and i have no way of getting to <propmale> tonight  anyone want to give me a ride, please?  annoyed "
happy halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!
remember: i'm homophobic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sf giants!!!!!!!! congrats!
fuck you kean university! fuck you to hell!!!
"i'm a lawyer, i can feed your fish! lol"
do you have a gold fish? do you have any type of fish? i'm <propmale> law  i'll feed ya fish!
i love how facebook is reminding me of my wedding anniversary a week in advance     guess it's meant for those guys that need the reminder to plan something special! lol
is till going to ireland next semester!!!!!!!!  laugh 
it's funny when you find pictures of youself on some one else's albums that were there for over a year and no one ever told you about them! lol
by n e <propmale> known to the lord does n e one have the sims 3 and if so the e playful ansion packs? i heard they have killer animation and recording styles that i want to use for a project  thankx n e one!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hp 7 = amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why doesnt <propfirst> sullivan have a fan <propfemale>? ggggrrrrr
happy thanksgiving!!!!! feel free to stop by and visit me at work      i'll be there allllllll damn day! lol
no joss! no <propfemale> movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!! f*ck you <propmale> brothers! it won't be the same!
"can you guys do me a fav and \like\"" <propfirst> sullivan fans please?!?! thankx everyone!"""
do one thing everyday to make a positive difference in the word  doesn't matter how small    it all adds up
facebook changed                        again!?
um     can someone e playful lain this whole <propfirst> thing to me please? i dont get whats going on here! lol
i need someone to be a <propfemale> for like 15 mins!!!! for a project!  smile  hit me up!!!!!
"ugh!!!!!!! my photography class in dublin was cancelled!!!! oh well, can't win them all i suppose       at least i still have all the other fun ones!  smile "
rip <propfirst> edwards  sad 
"disturbing news: spiderman fell 30ft!!!\\even more disturbing news     spiderman is on broadway?! why does no one tell me these things "
it is better to say nothing and appear stupid then to open your mouth and remove all doubt   playful 
<propfemale> christmas!
is trying to figure out if his job is open this morning or not     
my car is finally free!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
only took me 7 1 2 hours but my room is 100% cleaned out of useless clothes and crap i really have no idea why i had  only 2 weeks left till i leave!  smile 
happy new years <propfemale>!!!
i got my med insurance and financial guarantee forms for ireland today! i still can't believe i am really going!!!!!  smile 
"i'm never drinking again!!!!! (ok, even i know that isn't at all a true statement)"
one week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
is it seriously going to snow again? seriously?!
"peace out, <propfemale> tuesday people!"
"someday, someone is going to have to take a stand  someday, someone will have to say enough!"
if anyone wants to skype me while i am away please add captmontogmery  smile 
one day more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"bye bye, usa!  smile "
"chillin in the airport shaking like an abused child! god, i am so nervous! only 2 hours 'till my flight and then 7 1 2 hours 'till i am in dublin!  smile "
safe ad sound in dublin! (i have 2 french roommates      kill me now!)
so picture this      your bathroom is <propfemale> as all hell and the shower floor is the floor       and it doesnt drain so the floor floods all into the hall way     wow! lol
day 3 and have no idea what to do      
i have mass amounts of screaming <propfemale> children outside of my window       10 a m s will never be slept in! lol
"so i was a little to drunk to remember to post this last night lol\\j-e-t-s jets jets jets!!!!\go to the right bar     they play the games!  smile "
somebody skype me!!!!!!! i need a familiar face!!!! hahahaha
off to class        smile 
debating if i should go to d2 tonight or not      kinda tired   
too drunk to care!!!!  smile 
the <propmale> over feeling is still the same no matter what country your in   
"tonight, <propfirst> rockets and bar searching with <propfirst> brown then after    well who ever really knows half the time? haha"
"skype, anyone?  smile "
is getting pumped to go to cork this weekend!  smile 
i dont have a can opener     i am very displeased! anyone have any ideas?
in cork for the weekend!  smile 
home from cork!
photos from this fantastic weekend are up!!!  smile 
vampirates!!!
"thank, god, this moment's not the last!  smile "
"think of me  think of me fondly when we've said good bye  remember me once in a while  please promise me you'll try  when find that once again you long to take your heart back and be free  if you ever find a moment, stop and think of me!\\there will never be a day when i wont think of you!"
fun day with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> <propfemale> kaiser!!!!
"in the evening i've got to roam!\\so let's find a bar so dark we forget who we are  where all the scars from the \nevers\"" and \""maybes\"" die!"""
"so i found out in ireland my name is spelled \arek \"" i may have to look into such an awesome new spelling!  smile """
"cuz i might be bad, but i'm perfectly good at it  there's sex in the air, i don't care, i love the smell of it  sticks and stones may break my bones, but chains and whips excite me!"
i wish i could remember exactly what happened last night             
knights of <propfirst> tonight!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
in belfast for the weekend      am i ever going to spend a weekend in dublin?
if you can't take me for who i am then why are you wasting our time?
back in dublin!  smile 
class alllllll day then probly off to the <propfirst> as usual!
ready for what tomorrow brings! love me my <propfirst> <propmale>!!!!
it really makes me feel loved to know i missed by so many people!  smile  i love you guys so much!
i wonder how many texts are going to blow up my (american) phone when i get home! hahaha 4 months of being off is bound to have some type of special reaction!
dinner time!
in other words: i  love  you! <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
"my body feels like it has been through hell and back! god, i love paintballing!  smile "
how many drunk people do you know can walk their ass from one side of a city to another and get home perfectly safe?  playful  lol
"facebook     you are failing on notifications! i just had to stalk all on my own!  sad  \\lol"
random question: why does the friend's count number bounce around? haha
bye-bye jacket! it was a fun road but now you have a new journey with some new person 
i need to have far more nights like that with <propfemale> liefschultz and <propfirst> <propmale> again! love you guys!  smile 
the key to my heart is alcohol  smile 
"if your \in the closet\"" from certain family members never say that your jacket was lost stolen at a gay club cuz the next question is going to be\""       why were you at a gay club?\"" lol\",7da530bf3eb5fe2dbb61cefc7413e8c2,i am (finally) officially going to greece and rome for spring break!  smile 
"please - put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost  - mlia"
i think it is so damn interesting that how no matter where you go in the world you are always going to be surrounded by certain types of people you left behind in the first place 
"i am so passive aggressive it kills me sometimes, lol "
"i love this record, baby, but i cant see straight any more      "
i find it so funny how all the people on my facebook that live in ireland claimed to vote       yet only one them actually can cuz he is actually an <propfemale> citizen! lol
my eyes are about to fall out from looking at all these goddamn powerpoints! lol i cannot wait for these midterms to be finished!  smile 
night out on the town! i'll be at the <propfirst> if you needs me!  smile 
midterms!!!!!!!!!! gggggrrrrrr
"i'm on the right track, baby  i was born this way!"
i love letting life take me places  there is no way i would've ended up where i am and who i know without a little trick of fate!
"today: newgrange tomorrow: pack and tie up lose ends (the <propfirst>) sun: omw to athens, greece with my <propmale> <propfirst> brown! gotta love life sometimes!"
1 more day and i am off to greece! i am at last going!  smile 
off to the <propfirst> for a drink or two then off to bed so i can be as least cranky as possible for my flight to greece 
off to greece! c ya guys upon my return! leave me some love while i am gone!
back in dublin!!!
anyone want to go to london with me march 31 to april 3?
scotland in a couple of weeks with <propfemale> carlson <propfirst> sloma and <propfemale> bankert!!!! gonna be a fun time!
st  <propfirst>'s day in ireland       need i say more?  smile 
the day after st  <propfirst>'s day      my head hurts sooooooooooooooo much 
would you light my candle?
so i have no hot water in my flat and no one is around to fix it! does anyone mind letting me come to their flat for a quick shower? lol
i may not have very high standards     but i still got 'em!  smile 
give me one firm place in which to stand and i shall move the world 
so      if i decided to stay in ireland i wonder if the bank would come after me here to pay back my loans        i do so wonder!
time for a change! 1: quit smoking 2:new hair color 3: limit my visits to the <propfirst> to <propmale> 2 times a week!  smile 
"we're <propmale> from the shore! and guess what, i don't care!"
gay night with <propfirst> sloma at the <propfirst>!      gonne be intersting!
