67d574aa0973b0fbfd6a18d9cfc0c977
brutal legend demo was badass 
if i had a warning label what would it say?  smile 
"well, that was an interesting weekend  back to work "
is playing left 4 dead 2 the passing 
got second place in the sf4 tournament   smile 
weekend over  back to work   oh that's right  i have off tomorrow  heh
turn the beat back!
is listening to the first of may by <propmale> coulton 
ugh  tired    
shoot me 
fml
ugh  this heat is killing me 
realized his mouth and shoe are the same sizes 
"just watched <propmale> of persia, it was rather enjoyable   i don't see why it got such terrible reviews "
"certainly they existed, those blinded by ambition, those consumed with vengeance, but here, they do not exist   only winners and losers here  for here, the mighty rule!"
ugh     hoooooooot 
sigh    i fold 
"had an eventful weekend, spent it with friends preparing bets and flores prepare for the big move next weekend   smile  called it an early night fell & asleep before 10  lol"
"moving is fun, but my body seems to disagree "
i'm gonna fall asleep as soon as i get home 
"whoever owns the casual male in wyomissing, is retarded "
"it's been one year already , i can't believe it    r i p  mj"
is watching mj vids on vh1 
watching this is it on netflix 
i give up 
"noro today, come to the goggleworks room 322!"
needs a vacation 
"\whatever \"" god i hate that word """
hell yeah! woooooooooooo
"saw sorcerer's apprentice last night, ignore the bad reviews, it was really good "
"\acknowledgement that's all ask \"""""
inception was incredible  go see it 
ehhhhhhh 
is midly enthused 
limbo is an amazing game  check it out 
"ugh  for only a 6 hour work day, this is taking forever "
but he would   
"one more day of work, then vacation!!!!!!"
otakon   yay    *sigh*
"ugh,long day lol"
getting breakfast  then back to the con 
another otakon has come and gone and i need a nap 
another work week is coming to an end  thank god 
i think its time 
choices    
about to devour a footlong coney 
thank you all for the birthday wishes   great day so far 
finally watching outlaw <propfemale>  thanks <propfirst> and <propmale> 
tired of being tired 
"\just one big pile of disappointment\"""""
"the way samus talks in metroid the other m reminds me of milla jovovich in resident evil  detached, over emphasizing and uninterested "
you get nothing!!! ha! you lose!  good day sir!!!
on the way home with bets and her parents from the <propfemale> exhibit  i had a lot of fun 
ugh  feeling like crap  only 5 and 1 2 hours to go     sigh 
wishes things could be different    
"what a terrible way to kill off an awesome character   great job bungie   hell, <propmale>'s death was more glorious "
"i am a shadow, one that no light will shine on  as long as you follow me you will never see the light of day "
"beat reach on legendary solo, hellz yeah!"
"ugh, i hate migranes and \apparently so does my stomach    "
i'd rather be satisfied than happy 
"finally got to play new vegas!!! then fell asleep with the controller in my hand 15 minutes in, damnit!!!"
fortune cookie: be careful! straight trees often have crooked roots  (in bed)
apparently i'm no longer fat  i'm fluffy 
stop that!
"remember, remember, the fifth of november "
freedom!!!!
i just want to be unconscious right now 
sigh   
feeling like crap  couldn't sleep much  sigh   
shoot me 
just finished watching an epic of epic epicness 
is it sad that i've had black ops since launch and only have played it for 15 minutes?
with this cold and dreary weather i suddenly have the urge to listen to guns n roses 
"head in the clouds   ah, is this euphoria?"
wow i'm really batting a thousand today   *sigh*
who all loves radiohead?
gotta get dat    gotta get dat   
ugh  what a cold shitty day    
it's raining sideways!!!
money truly is the root of all evil 
sigh   
"on break, the day is looking good so far  only 4 ½ to go "
waiting for abstergo agents (5 6) press b to cancel      bbbbbbbbbbbbb     craaaaaap 
warmth!!!!!! thank god!!!!
"if i fall apart, don't get the glue "
in your face treyarch!
this update has been brought to you by     my new laptop!!!! mwahahah
":hard to miss, but easy to dismiss "
528491
tried out wow i don't see whats so great about it 
r i p  <propfirst> fischer
out to lunch with his mother for her birthday 
god   so frickin bored    
just watched the green hornet it was really good 
upgrading the hdd on a ps3 was a pain in the ass!!! damn screws 
uh may zin!!!!!
true grit   more like true    
unfortunately due to the weather the noro event scheduled for tomorrow has been cancelled  the alternate date will be tbd 
"i don't have issues, i have the whole subscription "
it's times like these when i wish i were an alcoholic 
i feel like i could sleep for 24 hours 
in the crying game   no one wins 
banasium    omfg haha
watching the walking dead  this is pretty good so far 
dragon age 2 demo was awesome!!!!
amv hell tribute is finished!!
r i p  topper <propmale>
is feeling like he was hit by a train 
"the debut of amv hell tribute went well  if you don't know what i'm talking about and you're into anime, look us up on facebook "
finally got my hair cut 
after the earthquake and tsunami hideo kojima is alive and well  all is right in the world 
if a tree falls down in a <propmale>  does it make a sound?     oh wait your unconscious 
larp = lazy ass role play?
i'm free for 5 days!! hell yeah!
had a great weekend  con was fun  the masquerade rocked and noro won big  (congratulations you guys )
unicorns and glitter!!!!!
"watching fma brotherhood, greed is awesome  nuff said "
to all those that have a 3ds lemme get your friend codes 
had an enjoyable evening amongst friends 
