6931676518b4ffcbc5fb382f533c6cda
woo  first night workin the nightshift  not really sure how i should go about changin' my sleep pattern 
needs someone to play special ops with me on modern warfare 2  lets do it!
mm  mornin tomato soup and top chef  on to more mass effect!
so i got me a haircut  i'll show you all once my pompadour settles down 
"naps, naps, naps, i love naps  -_- zzzzz"
"<propmale> smith, you make a fine dr  who  love it "
"wkly #lastfm artists: animal collective (7), the pains of being pure at heart (6) & devendra banhart (5) http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
i'm dyiiiiing  hopefully chicken soup and the velvety sound of <propfemale> bunyan will make me feel better
i really wish my sore throat would go away so i can finish off these delicious potato chips  #fatty
i ate those damn potato chips like the zombie apocalypse was coming 
looking at my phone in the dark has made me realize my right eye takes in a significant amount more light that my left 
someone buy me this k thx http annoyed  bit ly d1nq5c
relaxing and reading a wednesday comics this evening after a wondefaul day 
where did all of my electric light orchestra go?!?! i need my mr  blue sky!!!!
just found a picture of a man using a macbook as a stand for his ipad  i have officially lost faith in humanity 
this is hands down the best song to listen to when it's nice out  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=mhkj804lcl0
i can't even handle how excited i am for pokemon b&w  only took em a freakin decade for a redisgn!
having a terrible time trying to sleep and get ready for this over night shift 
decided to watch up in the air instead 
manga's used to cultivate veggies  http annoyed  www walyou com blog 2010 04 12 manga-comics-vegetable-farming 
"my top 3 weekly #lastfm artists: sondre lerche (21 smile , of montreal (203) and softlightes (165) #mm http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
omg  i'm pretty sure i've pee'd my pants  http annoyed  thechive files wordpress com 2010 04 math-academy-lead jpg
"also, corgi's do not like ipads  i agree! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=h3 laugh cx2wucu"
kind of a rough night  decided to veg out on world of warcraft but logged in to find i am guild + friendless  sigh 
sigh  i'm so freaking poor 
someone buy me the t-shirt version of this: http annoyed  i imgur com oepvx jpg 10 billion internet points to the folks who knows what it means 
"my top 3 weekly #lastfm artists: camera obscura (31), animal collective (14) and tilly and the wall (11) #mm http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
feeling rather slightly panicked that i really have no idea what i'm doing 
listening to this: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=yhkub85egni is making me feel a lot better 
just finished a lovely dinner with my great friend <propfirst>!
http annoyed  bit ly ccjgbc chinese workers forced to tie their children to the wall to keep them safe please think of where you get your stuff!
self esteem at an all time low
"feeling a bit better  did some volunteer work outside, picnic and a nice day at work "
had a crazy dream that my family turned into human faced spider people  never again will i fall asleep to the mars volta  dead kennedys
"sitting in my car, listening to love songs and watching the thunderstorm "
"my top 3 weekly #lastfm artists: of montreal (29), devendra banhart (20) and she & him (1 smile  #mm http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
there's a guy at work who looks exactly like the critic in ratatoullie! he's even wearing the same outfit!
"finally got around to watching that avatar business  didn't like it, but i can see why other folks would "
saturday is free comic book day and my day off! anyone care to join me?
"also, hearing newscasters say \boobquake\"" should not have been funny as i thought it was """
fuck  i haven't been this depressed in a very long time 
my status has changed from horribly depressed to slightly hopeful 
drowning my sorrows in stuffed crust pizza  when did pizza hut go all natural?
going into this gamestop has reminded me why i no longer go inside gamestops  no one in this store knows what the hell their talking about 
"only fox news could say mr  rogers is evil  f**k you, you don't sully a man who dedicated his life to public service  http annoyed  bit ly 9zcpr0"
i need this: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=okl6-0jg3mi&feature=player_embedded#!
in other news  i'm off at 2  anyone care to join me for free comic book day?
soooo hot  naked sleep time  you know you like it 
how to make a reusable grocery bag out of an old t-shirt! http annoyed  sternlab org make ?p=1411
someone needs to come see this with me  http annoyed  bit ly 5j0yne
"my top 3 weekly #lastfm artists: of montreal (29), devendra banhart (20) and she & him (1 smile  #mm http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
wonderful morning  not so wonderful evening  looks like my birthday will be a solo affair 
"my top 3 weekly #lastfm artists: of montreal (104), devendra banhart (52) and camera obscura (39) #mm http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
boy with liver cancer turns superhero for a day  i love you so much seattle  http annoyed  bit ly dnpdnw
so happy i found a place here that sells green river soda! now i just need jalapeno <propmale>'s and a taco <propmale> mar and i'll be set for life 
made the ponyo theme song as my ringtone  how quickly will i get sick of it? survey says nevaaaarrrr
installed energy rom
catching up on my dr  who  seriously these episodes are all so so good  high-fives all around!
fuck my mom is in the hospital  
mom is fine! let the birthday continue guilt free! thank you to all the birthday wishes already!
30 rock just blew my mind  there hasn't been a white disney <propfemale> since 1991!
i now officially look like my dad  http annoyed  tinyurl com 24hs4g9
almost a perfect day  thank you all for the wonderful wishes 
look    i'm kinda <propmale> over and nachos for breakfast sounds awesome right now  don't judge me!
aww yeah   http annoyed  tinyurl com 2g7upjd
going into work late so what do i do? watch a documentary on the history of the power rangers 
nevermind this guy narrating is really really irritating and is just stupid  he is taking this wayyyy too seriously 
i'm pretty sure this guy is a real super hero  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=y1oma3gzpg4
"wkly #lastfm artists: of montreal (111), devendra banhart (5 smile  & the pains of being pure at heart (43) http annoyed  bit ly 9earqs"
seriously considering entering in the pokemon pro championships   
someone told me i look like a jedi at work today  basically the best comment anyone has ever given to me 
my official last day is the 23rd of july  if anyone on the eastern seaboard wanna <propfemale> out before then  let me know  smile 
i've got the day off if any of you crazy kids wanna <propfemale> out  i'd love to see you! yes! you! the one in the shirt!
hooray!
"misses is gone away for the weekend  gonna go drown my sorrows in chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped jalapenos and mt  dew "
it makes me really happy that not a single person on my friends list made a stupid comment about <propfemale> harbor <propfemale>  the world makes me sadder by the day but you guys are the best!
yes! i got homeworld 2 running on my win7 machine  sooooooo happy 
on my way to be in a commercial! wish me luck!
