0caea8d9a1b0fa299e73bbd04ac87bd0
today was amazing  i couldn't ask for better people in my life   smile  praise you jesus!
never been more in love with sweet jesus! & my birthday is is 5 days!!!
"i love knowing that no matter what happens, god is keeping me  he knows the desires of my heart  i trust in him with everything in me "
going to the see the movie up for the 4th time with sweet robinson!  smile 
another perfect ending to a beautiful day with a friend who is as sweet as can be  i am so blessed to have the friends i do  smile 
really does not want to go to bed 
it is way too early to be trying to function right now 
"have your way with me lord, i surrender all to you "
thinking about how weird it is to finally be 18  watching eagle eye and missing my beautiful friends!
watching videos from my birthday party and realizing just how absolutely dorky my entire family is  lol
friday just needs to be here now 
getting a hair cut today!  smile 
blahhh  i don't like being in weird moods 
"i love my family  god is so good, so wonderful and so giving!!!"
"feeling a wee bit nausious, maybe it's time to retire to bed "
july 4th was super fun  there's nothing like feeling like you're going to get blown to smitherines furing the finale and getting all the firework debris thrown on you  haha  smile 
with my sweetest robinson!
i belong to you 
talkin on the phone to my sweet robinson! tonight was a good night  god you are so graceful!  smile 
sleep is  definitely indespensible 
"man, i thank the lord for my incredible memory for being able to learn a song so fast!!"
there's nothing like ending a long day with some amazing music and chillage in my peaceful bedroom   smile 
"i love slow, quiet mornings, when the sky is pale and you're not in a rush to do anything or go anywhere  thank you lord for this peaceful day   smile "
practicing the song for wednesday  i can't wait! lord let your glroy fall in that place! set those hearts on fire!!
"work today, <propfemale> tonight, six flags tomorrow, waking up at 4 a m  saturday, <propfemale> saturday night, church in the morning! busy busy weekend  but fun nonetheless  smile "
i've got my eyes on the prize and my mind on you 
"laundry, laundry, laundry  maybe doing my hair tonight?"
"one day, i will be able to pizza and not feel bad afterwards  smile "
"i'll set you as a seal upon my heart, as a seal upon my arm; for there is love that is as strong as death, jealousy demanding as the grave, and many waters cannot quench this love "
"you're the light in this darkness, you're the hope to the hopeless, you're the peace to the restless, and you are mine "
lovesssss orange juice  mmhmm  smile 
is in love with her new lg env touch!!!!  smile 
these past few days have been so refreshing! my eyes have really been open to alot of things  god has shown me just how much he truly cares about me  my passions and desires have been shown to me and now i want them more than ever!!!
"da da daa, da da daa, da da daa, dadada da  i love me some sufjan "
is missing him!
must i feel so blah on such a beautiful wonderful day?  sad 
just heard a snippet of the new thrice album and literally pooed in her pants!!!
"staying strong, pushing forward, turning my face from things my eyes ought to not see; praising him each moment of every day, loving like i know i should; simplicity can sometimes be so difficult  but with you, i know i can do it  i can do all things through christ who strengthens me!"
wishes she didn't feel like such poo   annoyed 
praise god! the pain is finally gone  smile 
"mmm, defensize driving    my favorite lol  i'd much rather be out running errands with amazing boyfriend!"
so close and yet so far from finishing  i painted my nails and am playing sims in the mean time  i really feel like i have no life today    lol
has spent her monday slowly rotting away infront of this very computer screen  i feel the sudden urge to go hiking!
"\freeedommmmm!!\"""""
"is changing her ways  keeping her eyes on the sky, nothing distracting her gaze "
was woken up by the worst noise imaginable     curse things people do in their sleep  lol
just spent $554 on books! praise the lord for blessing me with more than enough money for that! my goodness!
"watching the soloist with <propmale> and her fam! it's so good  it's weird, but good  i am missing my sweet robinson "
can't wait to be with sweet jesus tonight! yay for cfni!
"can't seem to fight this procrastination off - i need some motivation, jesus! and i'm tired of satan loading my head with assumptions that are not true!"
it's such a beautiful day today! just a wee bit blazing outside  trying to be a good student and get all my stuff done   then it's off to clean the horrendous room and bathroom  then sweet robinson comes over!  smile 
"finishing up school work, maybe getting some other stuff done, and then going to work and then <propfemale>'s!  laugh  i'm not going to let silly petty things bring me down  today is the day that the lord has made, and i will rejoice and be glad in it!!"
"is fasting facebook for 3 days starting tomorrow! but as for now, i'm off to work  i love this life, i am ulitmately blessed  i have the best friends in the entire world "
"college = hardly any time for sleep lol  still trying to find the balance point  about to go to sleep, watching get smart   smile  class in the morning  can't wait for govt    not  lol"
goverment = soooooooooooo boriiiiiiing  save me 
frreeeedommmm!
oh motionless sleep  how i desperately <propfemale> you 
"actually got to sleep in for the first time in a week  felt soooo good  going to work at 5    simply can't wait  lol at the moment i am slaving away doing homework for college      bcis, your labs are wayy too long "
i hate work 
doing laundry  i have too many clothes!!!!!!
for once i'd like to ask facebook    what's on your mind?? lol
bleh   homework  why can't you do yourself??
i hate super glue!!
"i want to yearn for you, i want to burn with passion "
show at the door ftw tonight!! come support radiance and enjoy some awesome music!!  smile 
"and when your ears sit under; head is half submerged down below, pooling all accounts of peace while passed beneath the canopy glow "
had a lovely day with her sweet robinson  smile  & it finally stopped raining! i just wish it were fall already  smile 
"was hoping the sun would be out shining today, but alas, the clouds have taken over again  going shopping for my best friend today, read galations this morning, and going to work out ! this day is wonderful!"
tonight was much fun  i love birthdays and friends and amazing boyfriends! god is beyond gracious to me  i don't deserve a single ounce of it 
really prays she isn't getting sick 
had a lovely morning reading   smile 
the new imogen and mutemath albums are <propfemale> good! everyone is coming out with great albums this year!
thinks la <propfemale>'s is probably her favorite restaurant as of tonight  and it's french!!!  laugh 
"homework, homework, homework  but i still got a smile on my face  wink "
"i don't care what anyone says, i'm beyond excited for new <propfemale> to come out  go <propmale>!!!  laugh "
"weather, please don't go away just yet  the sun gets too be too much after a while  you are an inspiration for so many things  i like you "
"come on magnesium, it's time to go to work!"
has literally been logged onto facebook alllll day  it's quite sad that my homework has taken me this long 
lovesss extreme makover: home edition  it's so inspiring and amazing  smile  off to work at 3  can't wait for saturday!
has become a dark head  & <propfirst> a redhead! i love coloring our hair!  smile 
could it be? the sun is actually shining? my very heart has been lifted by this beautiful sight!  smile 
this is the first friday that i have done nothing in a while  can't say i'm enjoying it too much!
playing wii sports resort with my family! woo hoooo!
my family is <propfemale> weird  but i wouldn't trade them for anything  smile  it's really hot in my house  & why facebook insists on acting gay i have no idea!
worship practice at 4! can't wait to worship  can't wait to see my sweet robinson either!  smile 
watching push with my second family   smile  gettin shleeeeepy  can't wait for tomorrow!!
in government    wooo hoo  loving the weather  smile  it feels incredible outside! thank you jesus!
"had a busy busy day full of shopping! it was a true blessing with my best friend! now i am lying in bed about to sleep, and thinking about the amazing dress i just bought online for <propmale>'s wedding! ahh i can't wait, i'm so excited! goodnight facebook  smile "
"oh my, what a morning  good thing we have a god who works everything for the good of his children! off to work at 4 - can't wait to see my sweet robinson!  smile "
"has had a wonderful, but nevertheless long and tiring week! i am very happy though  i love my friends and boyfriend and am blessed beyond all that i deserve!!"
"feeling stressed    just wish i could have 3 full days of nothing so i can finish all this homework  ugh, there is not enough time in the week!!"
attempting to do homework    took some magnesium to help!! i love that stuff  skyping with the boyfriend! so much funn  smile 
government is actually interesting today  i think i might actually be starting to like it     what's happening to me?!
never again will feel like i felt last night  it was excruitiating    thank you jesus for healing my body and that by your stripes i was healed!
is so disappointed in myself for letting her school grades get this way  i feel sick to my stomach  i can do better than this 
"praise the lord for his mercy and grace! trusting the lord and laying all my problems upon him is the best decision i could ever make  thank you lord that you love the undeserving! praise you, father!"
"tonight was fun  i'm really glad i got to see my old precious friends! i'd missed them so much! off to bed now, got a lovely day of homework ahead  good thing is, i get to see <propmale>  that always takes a load off   smile  goodnight!"
woke up to a nice surprise    that was fun  doing homework being lazy and then recording tonight with my man! can't wait  smile  i love the weather today!
doin' work son!
there is simply not enough time in the day 
"last night was fun, not the best show ever but had alot of fun with everyone  smile  off to work at 12 smile 0! i wish i hadn't woken up with a lovely sore throat, but i am healed in jesus' name! hope you all are having a wonderful day  smile "
"you're beauty and word is all i seek  you captivate me, and your blazing love pours over me like an all consuming fire!"
"i'm gonna sing for you, like nobody's listening, nobody's listening  i'm gonna sing for you my lord!"
wouldn't it be nice?
keeping my <propfemale> up  praying and seeking the lord  there's not much else i can do but to sit patiently and wait   annoyed 
"having a hard time focusing on school work  really frustrating  my mind feels like it filled up with so much stuff it could start seeping out my ears  word, here i come "
lord you are good and your mercy endures forever!!!!  laugh 
ahhh bcis homework  if only you didn't make me use gay microsoft access  never have i had to work on such a horrble confusing program!!
god is always good 
yess! cold weatherrr  smile 
getting ready for <propmale> & bekah's wedding!! i'm so excited  it's going to be so beautiful  i can't wait!!!!  smile 
"you know what would be really good? an apple-nectarine juice mixture  i'm eating some diced right now, and it's one of the greatest combinations ever!"
"having such a wonderful, lazy day of reading, homework, and chillage  only thing i wish was different was how i felt today!"
is so blessed that she has such a helpful and encouraging mom    i take wayy too make things for granted  god is such a keeper of promises!!!  laugh 
"can't breathe, can't talk, and my head is spinning  please pray for me!"
praise god for cold medicine  i already feel better! thank you for all of your prayers also  smile 
is off to get some rest  praying that this cold will be gone by morning! thank the lord for nyquil  smile 
loves free jazz concerts in <propfirst> and loves being with her sweet robinson!
had a wonderful day celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday! had some delicious <propfemale> <propfemale> for dinner    leftovers never tasted so good  wink 
copeland last night was amazing! it was such a blessing  i have the best boyfriend in the world!
"sitting quietly    well, more like getting beaten by my \best friend\"" who just loves to see me in pain! lol & watching <propmale> <propfirst> with my second family  today has been a marvelous day!"""
dear rain: haven't we seen enough of you?
the long day is over 
is so excited for tonight  lord bring your fire down on this city!!!
was reluctant to get out of her nice warm covers in bed  it's freezing this morning!
"your love makes it worth it, your loves make it worth it all "
wishes she has more motivation to get her school work done 
became a fan of homemade meatball subs  yum yum!
really feels like eating some cinnamon rolls     too bad i'm allergic to everything with delicious goodness on this planet!!
"trusting the lord completely can be really difficult  but once you realize by trusting in him your life coincides with what your heart and spirit desires, you never want to trust in anything else!!!"
am i getting stalked? lol
absolutely loves sleep  i hope i remember what i dream tonight  the lord has given me strength and motivation to do all things through christ who strengthens me  i will be strong and motivated   smile 
"i want to be swept away, lost in love with you "
is so thankful for what and who god had placed in my life  i couldn't be happier!
is so excited that it's chilly today! & i can't believe it's almost november  this year is going by so fast!
"sad she has to work on halloween, but happy it equals moolah!"
overwhelms herself too easily 
has soooo much to do today! thank goodness for days off!  smile 
as tall as lions: you make my heart smile 
everything is illuminated 
is living in a new dimension 
loves the biggest loser! so inspriring! i really needed some inspriation 
"\the suffering is as much as gift as the trusting \"" - <propmale> 1 smile 0"""
"i want to be loved for all that i am  no secrets or things unsaid, but everything out in the open  i want to you to want what i want  i want to feel like i'm wanted by you  i don't want to feel like i need to be like someone else anymore  i will never be her "
"and all i've got, is your hand "
god is always good!
"i will help <propfemale> your burdens  i'll help find rest for your soul  i'll lead you to the one who will never forsake you, and he'll welcome you with the most loving embrace and comfort your weary heart "
blah   sad 
"working on my persuasive speech, appaulled by what the fda really lets in our food  maybe i should get my degree in nutrition or political science and go and lobby for healthier foods with less preservatives in our grocery stores and schools? oh what to do, what to do "
dear inspiration: thank you for falling down on me tonight 
i can't take my mind off you 
jazz is sweetness to my ears 
"procrastination definitely has it's consequences  siiigh  so long, sweet sleep "
no matter how much i sleep i still feel exhausted  so much to do this week! but praise the lord thanksgiving is coming up  i can't wait! time to reflect on what i'm thankful for  what are you thankful for this year?  smile 
"lord, you are my forever father  for you know the curves of my face, and created the colors in my eyes that look ernestly for your face amidst all the darkness  you know the song of my heart, and listen yearningly as i pour it out before you "
"thanksgiving was such a blessing  i got to spend it with my family and <propmale>'s wonderful family! i am very thankful for them in my life, they have really changed me forever  i love you!  smile "
"going to my grandma's 90th birthday party today! then topping it off with a gig singing with my favorite sisters! i'm so excited, life is sweet   smile "
"now that november is coming to an end, i am excited for the month of december! christmas is my absolute favorite time of the year  so much giving, loving, romance, and family, my heart jumps just at the very thought of it all   smile  the feeling of it is simply wonderful "
getting our family christmas tree tonight! so excited! i love family traditions  smile 
woke up to see a white blanket of snow across my lawn  i's so beautiful! the lord is always full of surprises isn't he?  smile 
"lord, prepare me for tonight, for i feel a presence of sorrow upon my heart "
"such a chill day today  read this morning, watching biggest loser, going to play with some music, and work on an exam! i love days like this  i might die my hair tonight  what do you think? what should i do?"
"my church's new building is so beautiful  god is so wonderful! he has blessed me with so much  no words can describe my thankfulness  i have the best family, friends, boyfriend, and church in the whole world "
new obsession: final fantasy vii for pc  yeahh babyy 
"had one of the greatest weekends in a long time  i am blessed beyond comprehention, and am so thankful to have god that loves me as much as he does "
"laundry, cleaning house, and christmas shopping  a busy yet fulfilling day is to be had!"
i know that you will never forsake me in my weakness 
this weekend is going to be wonderful! so many memorable e playful eriencs all crunched into one  going shopping a bit and then the to the meeting tonight! hope you are all having a wonderful day 
"it's the most wonderful time of the year  & i have never been so happy! i am blessed beyond comprehention  <propfemale> christmas everyone, don't forget to spread your love   smile "
"if love is an e playful erience, i am having the most amazing e playful erience of my life  & i could not ask for anything more, for i do not deserve it  i'm thankful for a god who loves unconditionally - with agape love - who does good for all those who love him "
is not excited about waking up at 7 am on christmas <propfemale> to work for 7 hours  oh well  atleast the lord works everything out for the good of his children! i'd never make it through the day without him   smile 
frosting christmas cookies with the family  one of the best traditions kept  smile  i love christmas!!
"has had a wonderful, blessed christmas  i hope you all did too! wrote a song to top off the day   wink "
"so excited for <propmale> to come home today! & i can't wait to go into the new year  i can already tell it's going to be wonderful, especially because of the people i am going to share it with "
"so far, i've woken up with a cold and lost an hour of progress on ffvii  i could be upset, but there are just too many great things in my life to smile about   smile  hello 2010!"
today is <propmale>'s birthday! happy birthday to the most amazing person in my life!
"i won't be satisfied with anything ordinary, i can't be satisfied at all "
loves making sweet tunes with the man 
and what would i do without his grace?
"on our way to crockett to see <propfirst> <propfirst> smith and have an awesome night of worship tomorrow night! pray that god moves in miraculous ways this weekend! how great our e playful ectations are for you, lord!"
had such a wonderful weekend  god is so amazing! i would be nothing without his never-ending love 
i think i'm finally having some clarity on my future! thank you lord! now to just get all my classes and everything situated so i am prepared for dbu!!  laugh 
"had a wonderful, fulfilling day with her sweet man  now i'm on aim! my goodness has it been a while  anyone wanting to chat add danielleajames@gmail com!"
i love how one customer can make my entire work day pleasant  some people really are just kind 
"felt the sweetness of jesus tonight  it was wonderful  but i still can't help feeling sad, or like something is wrong  i just can't let the little things get to me "
"woke up to the sound of elephants running    no wait, that was just papa "
"really loves her new zune! red, 80g, super large screen  what a blessing! will i like it better than the trusted spple band? we shall see!"
doesn't look like any celebrity  i guess i am just my own person! lol   smile  goodnight facebookers!
"is ready for an enjoyable, productive day today! first homework, practicing worship songs, then seeing the boyfriend!! i am too excited   laugh "
"just wants to take the time to say what an amazing, incredible, blessing of a boyfriend i have!!  smile  i still can't believe he picked me "
has had a pretty chill day  doing homework on a wolf blanket    not my favorite feeling 
has had a pretty productive day so far! now about to watch some lost and get all wrapped up in the 3rd season   smile  so excited for this weekend!!
"it's snowing, it's snowwwwing  it's so bright and beautiful! can't wait to play in it with my best <propfemale>  this weekend will be so amazing!!"
broken with the weight of compassion 
"had the best <propfirst>'s day i have ever had   smile  church, flowers, cafe e playful ress, grapevine mills mall, photobooth, book of <propmale> (amazing movie), playing songs we wrote for eachother; the best  ever "
oh the joys of being in college!
many waters cannot quench this thirst 
proverbs 4:10-13 - so encouraging 
"god sent us down, and we were looking around and around but i found you   love "
can't wait for tomorrow!  smile  i'm praying the snow withholds  having a peaceful time in my new clean room  i even dusted  it's a miracle 
i don't know what i'd do without love  i would be nothing 
"i love, love, love lazy days "
loves watching movies with the man!!
starting my training to be a sub pre-school music teacher for the next two months! can you say excited???  laugh 
loves to be a goofy girl! lol  it's good to let the kid out every once in a while  wink 
"sitting here, in starbucks, drinking my soy chai tea latte while attempting to study (but ending up on facebook, of course)  it's so peaceful  i want to have a room like this in my house one day  i just want to take a moment to reflect on how blessed i am! god is indescribible in his ways  i'll never be able to show enough gratitude!"
"there's nothing like some dancing while praising the lord with some amazing gospel  i just love it! if you haven't listened to <propmale> butler, i suggest you do so "
oh the joys of being a female  praise god for heating pads!
will not let stress be the boss of me 
is so happy the catostrophe is over   smile 
"everything about this day from the moment i woke up to now has been simply lovely  oh, and i bought halo 3  that's what i'm saying "
it's so lovely to be on spring break  came home to find a stray dog has been staying at my house since yesterday! he's a red heeler  he is sooo cute!! i want to keep him     smile 
"has done nothing but watch three episodes of lost so far  i love spring break  & our little stray dog, <propmale>!"
has wayy too much on her mind  going to lose it for a while in some episodes of lost  no pun intended  lol
"waking up coughing, with a 101' fever and hardly being able to move is the worst  especially when you're home alone and extremely dizzy  will someone please come and take care of me?"
just wants to be able to breathe without suffocating   
"sleepless in seattle  classic, but not the best movie to watch while you're sick and missing your boyfriend  lol"
"it's the third day, and i'm more than ready to be over this hump "
finally getting a little better   smile 
only one week until copeland  & i get to share the wonderful e playful erience with <propmale>! could it get any better? it's going to be the highlight of my week!!
had a wonderful day at the botanical gardens with <propfemale> and <propmale>! i am so blessed   smile 
"getting ready to go teach at the mommy and me class! then it should be time for a nap at the best friend's  church is tonight, passover tomorrow, and copeland friday! i can't wait!  smile "
copeland last night = epic  these whole last few days have been such a blast  i absolutely love my life and my friends!
this has been the best easter of my life  i could not ask for anything more   smile 
you are the brightest little firefly in my jar 
"starting off another wonderful day! i just can't complain, life is too good and i am blessed beyond comprehention!"
"joined 24-hour fitness today! i have officially worked out 4 times this week, & twice today  i don't know what has come over me, but whatever it is, it feels sooooo good!  smile "
"yesterday went great! teaching adorable little kids music, dancing with my tan-man is always fun, barnes and <propmale> excitement, playing ninja downtown fort worth with some great friends, then jamming back at <propmale>' house  can you say fun?"
"watching karate kid with <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale>! \daniel-son!\"" i love my friends   smile """
"could it be a more perfect day? i guess i could have no homework, no responsibilites, and nothing else to do but be outside    but, nevertheless, i am blessed   smile "
so  tired  i'm not sure if even breathing today won't be exhausting  hopefully the day will get better  new lost comes on tonight! i have to stay alive until then!  laugh 
"study, study, study  it's about all i can say and all i can think right now "
"women's conference was amazing this morning  for once, i feel so confident!!  smile "
"twisted root, new lost, women's conference-life changing, amazing church, panda e playful ress, medieval times, movie nights w  everybody's fine  all with the most amazing guy i've ever met  this weekend could not have been better   smile "
attemtping to study for my act while miss <propfemale> makes delicious wheat-free-gluten-free brownies  yummm   smile  i wish it would actually and not just look yucky outside 
what's on my mind? study  study  study  study  can i catch a breath already?
"the ladies tea tonight was so much fun! i never e playful ected it to be so wonderful  now i am just sitting here with <propmale>, \doing homework \"" haha  oh facebook how you distract me from all the things i need to do """
"taking the act tomorrow at 8 smile 0 a m  at dbu! oh dear lord, i hope i do well!  smile "
"was so nervous this morning, woke up at 5 smile 0 to make sure everything was ready! and to my surprise, i ended up with a score of 22!!! god is <propfemale> good!  laugh "
"at the palladium in <propfirst>, tx waiting to see circa & best of all, coheed! only an hour & a half to go   smile "
there is just simply not  enough  time!
very happy to be home on a saturday just relaxing  even if i do have a research paper to finish! i just love being home   smile 
"trying not to get distracted from my research paper yet again, by lovely facebook "
"oh, i can't sleep  i can't sleep peacefully, lullaby, won't you sing to me? there's no dream, when you're not next to me  my love, where could you be?"
having wayy too much fun with my bestie!! i love reminiscing with her  smile  also can't wait to watch new lost with my two best friends!
happy mother's day to all the wonderufl mother's out there! you truly are amazing! but my momma is the best   wink 
"had a wonderful day with a wonderful boy  cooking cinnamon rolls, watching some spongebob, running down to the lake, and recording a song  then i cleaned my car all my by self, spotless! what a productive - and great - day this has been!  smile "
can't believe this is the last day i will ever be at tcc  i am so excited for what's to come!  smile 
"watching <propmale> play ffxii, drawing up and thinking about tattoo designs  going to teach in a little bit, then going to de'marcus' dinner at 8  today is such a chill and wonderful day to be spent with people i love   smile  i love my life, and summer!"
"had an amazing week and weekend  i have the best friends, the best life, the best family, and the best boyfriend  it blows my mind everyday "
"10 months today!! i can't believe it  here sitting on the church <propmale>, sweating like a pig  why do cleanses always have to make me hot flash? ahh!"
it's real  lost is really and truly over forever  i don't know if i can get into a better show!
what's on my mind? breakfaaaaasssttt   
is blessed 
"looooves summer  relaxing, hanging out with my amazing friends and boyfriend, going to an amazing church, what could get better?  smile "
loves being productive  but to have have fun at the same time  wink 
here at petsmart ready for a hard day's work! then for some chill <propfemale> out time with <propfirst> smith and my sweet boyfriend   smile 
loves 2 service sundays  i feel so refreshed!
"so, for my birthday, which is in about 18 days, i want a new ipod  a silver, very larrge gig ipod   smile  aaand a paraffin wax foot & hand bath, some <propfemale> <propmale> perfume, and money  i really need some new clothes and a bag for when school starts   smile "
"there is nothing like starting off the day with a good swim and a little sun, then going off to get subway, and eating lunch while watching lord of the rings ii with your lovely man!"
the <propmale> horry picture show is the most retarted movie i have ever seen 
"off to work early this morning! then to meet my wonderful boyfriend at <propmale> <propfemale>'s for some shopping   smile  haha the things i put him through, & yet he still manages to somehow love me "
so ready for tonight  i am ready for a revival to break out in this place!
"was so productive! rearranged my room  it looks great  smile  and although dbu is my next huge step in life, i have decided to go to tcc one more semester  money situations can be difficult, but this is the wisest decision, and i am excited nonetheless   smile "
"random storm, tcc is screwing everything up; the only thing good about right now is the fact that my boyfriend is here keeping me sane  lol"
"just registered for classes at tcc! anatomy & physiology, macroeconimics, u s  history, and private piano lessons! woot woooooooot  this is going to be one b-u-s-y semester "
loves having fun days with her amazing best friend  smile 
"had a pretty good day  smile   played baldur's gate dark alliance, <propmale> out at <propmale>'s, took promos for fms, and ate subway! woot! can't wait for church tomorrow   smile "
"today has been so good! got good sleep, had a wonderful birthday lunch with my grandma, family, & <propmale> at <propfirst>'s crab shack, and played baldur's gate until <propmale> left  now i am sitting here wondering what to do    in some ways, i am ready for this school year to start  but i know i'll regret wishing that "
off to work and the sun hasn't even shown yet  thank goodness for the existence of naps!
"well, i'm 19 now  doesn't feel any different! 18 was a great year of my life   smile "
awwh! thank you to everyone who gave me a happy birthday  i really appreciate all of you who care  today was a wonderful day and couldn't be better! i love you all and i hope 19 is an even better year!!
"sitting alone, watching <propfemale>, waiting for my love to come home "
"sitting at the church, listening to <propmale> practice his song for sunday, wishing i could relive yesterday! i had so much fun with my best friend  sometimes, nothing is better than pedicures, good food, and shopping with someone you love more than anything "
forgot how sad bicentenial man is   sad  lol
"so, sugar-free <propfemale> wasn't the best idea after all   "
sucks at halo  no surprise there! haha 
just watched law abiding citizen  and oh  my  gosh!!!! that movie was more than intense 
"well, today was overall a great independence day  except for the part where i brought my dog to see fireworks, and she freaked out and bolted away while i tried to catch her from getting run over in speeding traffic, finally found her with the help of some fellow fireworks-watchers across the street and all barefoot!"
youuuuuu'rrree in the movieeeesss!!!!
30 rock  yeshhhh 
"ready for a change, ready for something in me to break  break me, god  break me down until i cannot love without you "
one more week exactly   smile 
"just for a fun time's sake     if you like my status, i will tell you what i like, dislike, my first impression, and a confession about you   smile  & you can do it back to me!"
loves cuddling up next to black kitten mogley  she is the cutest little friend 
oh how i love party's with friends!  smile 
"dear saturday, i am sooooo glad you finally made it!"
"wow    one year! i know it may not seem like a long time, but i am truly blessed to be with the one i have fallen in love with  i am so excited for the years to come   smile  yesterday was amazing!!!"
"today i will clean this pig sty of a room, do about 6 or 7 loads of laundry, clean & organize everything, and get ready for tonight  there's nothing like a productive day! and i get to see my best friend! i'm certainly not complaining   smile "
office: season 1 = epitome of hilarious awkwardness
"finally made it to <propmale>, tx  wow  what a trip  lol i don't think i'll ever eat dq again unless it's for their ice cream  lol"
"wow, last week was amazing  words cannot even describe  my heart yearns for you, god "
1 <propfirst> is so good  thank you lord for speaking to me exactly what i need to hear at exactly the right time 
enjoying a relaxing morning with my wonderful boyfriend playing final fantasy 12! going to my house a little bit later  lord give me the motivation and <propfemale> to get up at 5 in the morning for work! haha 
"about to head to work, surviving on 3 hours of sleep at the most  dear body, please make through the next 5 hours without collapsing or drooling infront of anyone  thank you  smile "
recording is so much fun  especially when it sounds good at the end! lol  now watching the office while sipping on some citrus soda   wink 
takes too many things for granted  but i'm truly thankful for everything and everyone in my life  i love my best friends and family 
got to finally see my wonderful friend <propmale> and his lovely girlfriend <propfirst>! such refreshing faces  now watching rent with my amazing boyfriend! god is so good 
"first day back after san antonio austin trip! it was so amazing, i never wanted to leave  i have the best friends in the world!"
i have new haaaairrr!  smile 
"so many things to do before school, so many things gone wrong, so little time to get all of them done - but i have a god who is bigger than all this, and i will trust in him and he will provide for all my needs "
ohh how i am overflowing with passion 
"today should be a great productive day! about to leave for a 5 hour work day, then to tcc to take care of financial business, and then to dbu to go with my love to play at a church tonight! is it pathetic that i'm so excited to see him, and i saw him yesterday? haha  it may be, but i don't care!  smile "
"first day of sophmore year tomorrow! excited and sad at the same time  summer is over, and here comes the hard work and slavery   "
"first day of school wasn't bad! finally motivated to get into a regime again  now that i'm working toward my <propmale>, it could be a little more exciting   smile  i wish there was more money in my life though  lol i never thought i'd be that broke college kid!"
"so happy that tomorrow is fridayyy! i need a day just to chill out and enjoy life  school is actually not so bad, i think i just might make it alive this year! haha "
can't sleep  too much on the mind 
tonight was so great  i love looking through old videos with my family and friends  i've definitely had a wonderful life   smile 
"it's  too  early  lol i remember mom used to sing to us kids    \you gotta pray just to make it to-day yah yah!\"" haha! only really """
hanging at <propmale>'s house watching lost season 6 with him and his momma! what a labor day   wink  hehe!
doin some homework with the bestie!!  laugh 
"wow, the lord really does answer even the smallest of prayers "
a little under the weather today  thank god for dayquil though! skyping with my man always makes me feel so much better   smile 
i have literally sat on <propmale>'s couch since 3 o' clock today playing final fantasy 7 on my computer  wowwwww i am the epitome of nerd!
is blessed beyond imagination  i do not deserve such amazingness!
there's nothing like a whole day of shopping (and getting spoiled) & then playing final fantasy 7 for 4 hours with your favorite man!! 14 months today! forever to go   wink 
oh goodness  i love <propfirst> <propfirst>  she makes me smile always!
i love playing final fantasy 7 with <propmale> mikray robinson! even if we're just on the phone! lol  us = nerdy which = perfect! haha 
"migraines = living hell \\jesus = freedom of all sickness and disease!!! amen!"
mmmm homework on a saturday afternoon     my favorite!
so mad that my ff7 isn't working!!! i just wanna play the dang thing  anywho  about to eat panda e playful ress with my favorite person ever!  smile 
home again home again jiggity-jig!
this is my life and i love it!!!
"i need you, i want you, i crave you, every hour i will praise you \\jesus, i love you "
"there's nothing like amazing mexican food in an amazing, beautiful atmosphere with the person you adore most  thank you so much, <propmale> mikray robinson for blessing me without even trying!  love "
lovessss getting stuff done!  smile 
mmm grease-filled hamburger dripping all over the place and cold curly fries    tcc you never fail to amaze me  lol
"wonderful dedication service last night  god showed up and he never left! i sing with ten thousand angels every sunday, and i wouldn't change that for anything in the world  i love my church!"
going to the museum and the omni with my love! it sure doesn't feel like it's been 15 months  every day seems brand new with him   smile 
loves being free!  laugh  my god is a great god!
"if anyone is excellent at chemistry, come to tcc northwest right now and help me!!!"
i did the most homework today than any other day in the world! i literally have only rested for 2 hours today including this hour  good thing there is always a light at the end of the tunnel  i am running as fast as i can to that light!
"getting ready to go to an extra credit seminar for chemistry (much needed), to dbu to finally get a schedule for next semester (i can't wait to see my dbu friends!  laugh ), and my little sisters birthday party is tonight! what a lovely day this will be  smile "
"lord, thank you for giving me a heart of worship  i cannot listen to anything else!"
is sooo excited for the future! i love planning!!!
going through today with a positive mind set and allowing the <propfemale> of the lord to fall on me!!    chemistry    here i come!
"went to the new goodwill in saginaw today for the first time! ended up buying $60 worth of stuff for my future apartment! i looooveee the new plates, mugs, and kitchen accessories i got today  smile ) goodwill is amazing!"
can't wait for the bonfire tonight at my house! i'll be sure to take lots of pictures  smile 
"just got my schedule for dbu next spring!! fundamentals of music theory mwf at 8 a m , history at 9 a m  mwf, christian leadership m&w at 11, old testament t&th at 9 smile 0, intro to music biz at 11 on t&th, class piano 1 on m&w at 2, grand chorus, and chapel! woo what a schedule! anyone who has those classes let me know !  smile "
"will someone please come and bring me some motivation now, please? mine has literally left me and taken a vacation forever  lol"
is in need of more moolah  anyone wanna donate? lol  smile 
here it is    i did it  i cut        my hair 
missing my long hair    but at least when it grows out it will be healthy! i'm glad most people like it   smile 
"dance with me, oh lover of my soul, to the song of all songs "
"pray for my little sister, our bichon frise snowball died just a little while ago after jumping out of the car window and being run over  he passed away right there in the car with them  it was her birthday present and her own baby, please pray for comfort "
"well, the little precious snowball has had a proper burial in our backyard  rest in peace, little fella  can't wait to see what god has in store for <propfemale> in a new one\! though it's been an emotional day, i'm happy to have an encouraging, amazing god who calms my heart no matter what the storm "
"lord, could i please have the power to stop time? i could really use it   smile  lol"
lovin' this sweater and hat kind of weather   wink 
"has discovered york pieces, which are like reese's pieces  i will now ascend to the heavens "
will probably throw a party when this dreaded chemistry class is done with  ughh 
"is <propfemale> excited it's thanksgiving week!!!!  laugh  i love thanksgiving  but more than that, after thanksgiving is over   it'll be christmas time! my favorite   smile "
"and though tiredness falls upon me, i find no rest, i cannot sleep,\i wait in my bed as the night starts to age, \longing for you to shine your light upon my face \\i'll close my eyes and dream dreams and feel peace,\'cause i yearn deeper for you, even when i'm asleep "
square one by coldplay  it's just too good 
"had a very different yet wonderful thanksgiving! i am very thankful for my growing relationship with jesus christ, my amazing supportive family, my incredible uplifting boyfriend, and my encouraging friends that i love very much  what are you thankful for?  smile "
"had a wonderful start to the day by eating at west side cafe with <propfirst> briseno, <propmale> mikray robinson and <propmale> lyon! then went to guitar center to price some instruments, and then to hulen mall into all the madness! got some christmas presents though   wink  i love giving gifts "
sometimes i get so into my weekend that i forget i'm in school! does anyone want to volunteer to write the rest of my research paper for me? lol 
actually getting things done! even though i'm on facebook lol  i'm just so proud myself i had to tell the world   smile 
"forgot how much fun ruling people's lives was  on the sims, i mean  lol  smile "
"wow, god is so good! no matter what the circumstance, he can pull you through anything with the greatest outcome you would have never e playful ected "
"let the light of your face shine down on my heart,\and let me feel it!"
"wants to buy so many people christmas presents this year, but my money supply is so non-existent right now  dear friends, would if be alright with you if i just gave you a batch of your favorite cupcakes and an amazing hug?  smile  lol "
vitamin water xxx  soooo gooooood  smile 
fly away is such a good movie   smile 
what's this about the number game? i wanna do it! message me a random number between 1 - 1000 and i'll post a status with your number in the beginning and tell you what i think of you!  smile  sounds cool to me   wink 
#86 you are so geniune  i love your pure heart your passion for outreaching! i really hope we stay friends for a long time  you a truly a great friend!
"#17 hey man i don't really know you that well, but i am <propfemale> glad you come to our church!! we definitely have to talk more and find out what kind of music and stuff you're into   smile "
"#181 - you are so awesome! you're definitely one of my favorite people at the church (shh, don't tell  wink ) and i love your amazing musicianship skills  even i look up to you on that, you're amazing at it! i'm sorry if i haven't been there for you as much as i feel like i should  i just want you to know that i'm here if you ever need anything   wink  i love you, girl!"
"#24 - hello beautiful girl, you are so wonderful! you're one of the happiest, most smiley girl i've ever met  you're always glowing with radiance, and i love seeing the woman you are becoming! you have such a calling on your life, and i hope i get to see you fulfill wonderful things one day  don't ever forget how beautifully and wonderfully made you are, because everyone else can see it   wink  i love you!!"
today is going to be a great day!!
"the sunday night christmas singing went amazing!! everyone worked so hard, including all the precious little children, and it turned out amazing  praise god for such a talented church! i am so blessed to be part of such an amazing, music-focused ministry  smile  i love north point!"
"lost allllll my phone <propfirst> and everything  so whoever has texted me in the last few days, i don't know who you are! please comment on this status and give me your <propfirst> so i can have them! or message me, whichever  please please please!"
"recording can be such a fun, wonderful e playful erience  but when you do not have a perfect voice, it is not so much "
has had a pretty productive day today! i love getting things done   smile  so excited for this weekend! my finals? not so much  be praying for me  wink 
"goodnight facebook, i'm off to face my finals in the morning  gotta gear up with some knowledge instead of war paint  this is should go well!"
breaks my heart to see people not living to their full potential 
had such a wonderul christmas and holiday so far!! spent the last two days with <propfemale> bates & <propfemale> bates and i love them!! we started a new project called eloquence <propmale> and are hand-making some amazing hair accessories so check us out  wink  oh! & <propmale> is home! which is the ultimate plus   wink  goodnight everyone!  love 
hangin' out with <propfemale> favorite boy!  smile  had a glorious day <propfemale>king beautiful <propmale> with <propfemale> bates and <propfemale> bates and then eating cici's with some great friends! they are so precious! i am so blessed   smile 
had a wonderful night with some wonderful friends! now getting ready to go to ikea tomorroww! i love that place  i wish i could live there  lol
going to eat breakfast (or brunch) at <propfemale> brown's with <propmale> and his wonderful mother <propfemale> pace! this is going to be a great day - the perfect ending to a perfect year  smile 
"well, the snow was wonderful for the 2 hours it came down  i did enjoy a wonderful evening at brunswick bowling alley with a bunch of great friends! and smoked <propmale> by a good 10 points   wink  now we are playing fable 3 eating food! it's been a lovely day "
"it's almost here, the time to embark on a new journey  school starts on tuesday, and i have no clue of what to e playful ect  keeping my head high and my eyes on the sky, i'm sure it will be one of the greatest e playful eriences of my life  moving on saturday!  wink "
"hanging with my camillers! we love life stories, invented cinnipops, and stumble-upon   wink "
"nothing like chilling on your last day of freedom with some of your best friends, watching lord of the rings   smile  it's the beeest "
"first day at dbu     \\freaking awesome!"
"had a crazy monday to start off the week! lots of music homework, jams in my town home, and discovering tons of amazing music  i'd say it's been a pretty great day   wink "
"had such a great weekend! i couldn't ask for a better family or boyfriend  i am a truly blessed girl   smile  back at dbu tonight, not getting very much sleep, but that's what college is all about, isn't it?? lol "
"had an amazing snow day!!! went for a stroll by the lake with my boyfriend and his lovely mother and <propfirst>, wrote a little bit, and have been watching movies for a while  smile  gosh i love snow and no school days   wink "
"sad the snow is melting, but sooo happy the roads are becoming drivable!! praise god! a few set backs today, but i know it'll turn around  recording and practicing for show next weekend! i hope it turns out well  smile "
had a wonderful evening with the sweet <propfemale> ingram  smile  had a relaxing yet productive day today  i hope tomorrow will be just as good!
bittersweet weather  no school - but can't really go anywhere or do anything either lol  i just want to snuggle up inside and watch movies all day!
"tomorrow is friday  only 3 classes, then family time! i can't wait!  smile  i'm really craving some good sushi    "
last night's show = success! church this morning = amazing! everything in the last 24 hours has been so great  god is so good to me  i'll never fathom his love and greatness   smile 
"i have the best boyfriend in the world  <propmale> mikray robinson, i love you, and will be writing this next song as a tribute to you   wink  i'm so thankful to have instant inspiration!!"
"been battling nausea all day  if you find it in you today, agree with me, that i won't have to deal with this much longer!"
"regaining strength today after being so dehydrated yesterday! powerade and crackers is what's it all about  oh, and the office  smile "
i have no homework! it's a miracle!
so excited to start helping people and earning some moolah for it! praise god for such wonderful opportunities!  smile 
"had a wonderful night with <propfemale> bates, <propfemale> bates, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> dixson!! now i've got the coolest nails ever  wink  love you girls!!!"
<propfemale> <propfemale> miller is amazing! got an almost 2 hour massage from her today  she is a blessing and made my neck feel so much better!  smile 
"even though i fail you, i know you love me "
"busy night ahead of me! all the hard work is worth it in the end  tomorrow night is going to be amazing, i just want the holy spirit to rain down and never leave saginaw, tx!!"
"last night = incredible success  it was so much better than i ever imagined  god, you are incomparable "
incredible night  believably incredible!!
"who knows who cares - local natives  \the ultimate jam for today  & actually, probably the rest of the week as well  \ smile  love this band "
"so turn the lamp off, my wandering eyes stop\endure the thoughts of, and start where you love \\we'll start from where we last left off,\the lines that we'll draw, begin and don't stop "
on my way back to red hair! yay! so excited  smile  i've missed it so much!
"dear civil wars, you make such beautiful music i just want to die  please bestow upon me your gifts and talents of harmonies and dynamic vocals  thank you very much "
i am in love with red hair   smile 
kingdom hearts with boyfriend!  smile 
"to all of you out of high school and looking for an awesome outlet to meet some amazing people - you need to be at this friday's c4 college and career game night!! it will be held at north point church at 7 o' clock, and i want all of you to come and enjoy an awesome night of fun and games with us!! please check out c4 college and career ministry for more information  smile "
"today has been a crazy day! but the more i am at school, the closer summer gets  & the closer summer gets, the closer england, scotland, & <propfirst> is!!! excitement is an understatement   smile "
i can't believe this just happened   
"<propfemale> and i tried our brownie creations and said    \wtf!!\"" \",c617d62bac50653546987cc66a755c4e,is wishing everyone a happy new year  i hope 2010 bring more happiness than 2009 
