bdd6e42550bd893c5b9b82f0063262c3
"well, i've already made my first mistake of 'mis-dating' something 2009 instead of 2010   boy is my face red!"
is going to have a blast tonight!
just kissed his weekend good bye   thank you architecture   
the 4th is quite possibly my favorite holiday    ever!
just when you think life couldn't get any better   it does
who's all staying for the 7 week break!?!
"says; what the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly   "
"   hold on loosely, but don't let go   if you cling to tightly you're gonna loose control  "
have you ever had to re-discover courage   
rufio! rufio! ru-fi-oooooooooh!
"so often times it happens that we live our lives in chains, and we never even knew we had the key "
"build a man a fire, and he stays warm for a night   set a man on fire, and he's warm the rest of his life "
"i've officially decided   i want to be my moms hero!   corny   so what   now, where to start?"
"take it easy, and if it's easy   then take it twice!"
i was just thinking   how many people in the world have ever been punched by a monkey?   and what would that be like?!
well  you all saw me on the big screen thanks to <propmale> palmer   so you can form single file lines at my apartment for autographs later
"what the catarpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly "
in the marmalaid <propmale>  between the make believe trees   
wow  i fully endorse 'avatar'   it totally gets the <propfirst> higgins seal of approval!!! absolutely the most spectacular movie i've ever layed my eyes on!
i can't wait for my 28 hour drive from glorious 65 degree weather to -10   woot!
i love my life   don't asky why   i just do ok!
sledding + speed + 10ft of air + rocks =   owww
"you can number the seeds in an apple, but you can never number the apples in a single seed "
happy valentines everyone!!! my <propfirst> is 1000 <propmale> away   boo  wink 
sometimes life is   well   just good to ya 
   oh what i'd give to have you here by me again 
this one time i got sick and this girl i know nursed me back to health over the phone!
snuggling with you is significantly better than snuggling with a hammer
you're about as useful as a poopie flavored lolly-pop!
birthday goodness!!! saturday we're going to green canyon at 7 surprise 0pm  meet at my place!
who ever thought that giving your fears and challenges to the lord could be so darn tough 
"hey all you crazy cats and dogs out there,   just remember it's the love train comin' at ya!"
who's yo daddy pety?!
some times cookies warm the heart as well as the stomach   wink 
"have you ever been to cloud 9?   if you haven't visited, you should join me, it's a terrific place  wink "
loves my fhe sisters
happy memorial day!!! don't forget your forbears
"i know that you believe you \understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what\ you heard is not what i meant "
"hellooooooo photoshop cs5!!!!! what's that?    oh yes, i know you are sooo sexy and brilliant and wonderful    what's that?   oh yes, i love you too!"
"who you are is not dependent upon what you do 'for' somebody   but rather, what you do 'to' them "
oh 4th of july   i love you like a fat kid loves cake!
happy 4th of awesomeness!!!! god bless <propfemale>  the 4th is literally the best holiday in the history of holidays   it's a scientific fact 
its sooooo fluffy!!!!!!!
14 hours on the road   done!     half way there    !!
"well, i've only been here 3 days and i can feel my teeth loosening and my iq dropping point by point  yeeeeee-haaaaaaww!"
i feel like i just cut down a rain forest   the vines and trees on this property are insane!
wow   well thats the last time i ever decide to get sick and throw up for 12 hours and have an important internship interview the next day!
is going to the <propfemale> on saturday! woot woot!
often the deep valleys of our present will be understood only by looking  back on them from the mountains of our future e playful eriences 
"   if you're not liking the way you're feeling   then, you might try changing the way you're thinking     wink "
2010 southeast ninjutsu <propfemale> <propfemale> here i come!!! an entire weekend of non stop martial arts intensities   and i've never been more ready 
   yes   the wooshie finger hold    skadoosh!
"the past is history, tomorrow is a mystery   but today is a gift   that is why they call it the present   wink "
got my black belt in bujinkan ninjutsu!!! thats right   no woman or small child has ever defeated me!!
free money is by far   the best thing in the universe  especially when it comes in large quantities!!!
it's a wonderful life   it just is 
how cold do you think it is right now!? because i can't feel my appendages   
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=oy59wzdcdo0
