1c2e96ae8cb529a19a233c66a3b0a27d
"what is the point in worrying about something you will never know the answer to? and why is it when you lose it you really lose it? and why on god's green earth is the biggest issue about the thing that saves you? my most important question: why do i have to ask?\\fml!!!!!!!!!!! fm!!!!!!!!!!!! fml!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
never thought i'd ever feel this cold in the summer  sad 
"i might have burned my finger, and had one of the worst hangovers i have ever had, but i've got to say i've never been happier   smile "
"praying for my nephew, and hating my sister's guts "
why?!?!!!!!!!!!!
"days seem to pass really slowly, when your just waiting "
"i feel like a cracked mirror, simplicity is the only dream i can attach myself to, i wonder if maybe i am just as useless and repugnant as i sound "
"i cannot wait for friday night, hopefully i'll get alittle peace   damn it!!!"
"tonight sucked, bog 's theaters suck, and i am going to sleep freaked the fuck out "
"while trying to figure out what to do with my life, i've realized most of the time you don't have a choice without changing yourself +"
is really feeling the irony of things 
"with how things are right now, i don't think i have the words to write a status   smile "
"i just got done writing some lyrics, haha guess i found the words afterall "
i am now officially a red head  yay      no more blond jokes   smile 
"my sister is in the hospital with pancretitus, haha like crohn's wasn't enough "
"the fair was fun  got to bring my little siblings so    all in all, i feel good about it  though i know i am going to have much more fun tomorrow,  smile  ily baby"
"i cut my bangs, oh wow, lol"
boredom seems to spread like a disease 
hhm   looks like i gonna learn texas hold'em this weekend  ily <propfemale> and mrs  <propfemale> can't wait to see ya'll this weekend 
"playing 31 was fun, hope we could do something like it again sometime, love yall\(sascha and mrs sue)"
"my nephew just started this phase where every time we put a diaper on him, he takes it off, so now we have to put the diapers on backwards  lol i love my life "
"will u live the lie? how you live is how you'll die yet, fear is only in our heads  how we use it decides what we get so we dwell amongst our deepest desires allowing the thoughts to make us burn as fire  all our aspirations are born from this selfish greed  yet we murder and ravage as if it were a selfless need  using logic to address our actions  long use makes us numb  losing sight to what life is, which is love "
so bored it's making me nauseous   playful 
"damn, i feel like running away and joining the circus "
"sleep!!!!!!! please dear god let me sleep!!!!!!!!!!, peace "
"spent my week shopping for christmas gotta spend my weekend doing it too, ugh    i am not leaving my bed for awhile        "
"whoever drives the truck that split my head open this morning, better watch-out  i'm on to the little fucker     hehehe"
"my hair is nearly purple,         yay   "
"just got the guilt trip of a life time, and who else does it better than my mother, okay yea i might be skipping christmas, yet there is no reason for me to be here besides watching the baby, lord i am sorry that for once i want to spend my holiday with someone who makes me happy  i don't deserve alot, but i do deserve to be happy "
waiting on <propfirst>     ahh    
<propfemale> christmas facebook    
"\those who still have dreams are those who never had to face the world for what it is \"""""
"just had my first good dream since 2 years, i don't know what caused it but i am thankful for the change   smile "
"can't wait for the weekend to hurry up and get here, ugh "
stomach hurts so bad  ugh   
"mtv is for the weak minded, grr "
lesson learned  trust is worthless 
"\who am i?      i don't know i haven't got your answer yet \"""""
hmm     
"life is weird, memories stay, and time fades  the three things that never change "
chocolate n banana daquiri is not a good mix with cheesecake 
"i've wasted so much time feeling sorry for myself, that i could have used just to be happy  and i wish the world can realize that   smile "
"today is fat tuesday and my birthday,     i hope everyone's mardi gras is going great   smile "
"i was gonna watch beastly last night, but instead i watched i am number four and i gotta say it was pretty badass  it was like x men meets aliens,   lol"
"\ this is how you know you are dating some one addicted to drama  when the first thing they say is ( i'm just like totally not about that drama ) \"" - <propfirst> d'elia"""
"i dyed my hair black,    and idk if i made a good decision  lol"
life is so wonderful       smile 
have you ever looked at some kind of food that looked good but you knew you would regret eating it? yea    i ate it     ehh   
in a very lonely mood  sad 
girls who advertise their assets online are pathetic     egh   
can't stop sneezing   choo    it sucks!!!!!!!
awesome salad time!!!!
had some awesome crawfish lastnight  playful 
"a very janked up night of sleep,    *note to self*never fall asleep after eating mexican  very messed up dreams     ugh "
cannot wait for the weekend!!!!!  smile 
tired as hell     
"woke up at 6 a m  and apparently i am not going back to bed,     ugh, but i am so tired    "
"hahaha,    well my weekend just got f*%&ed!!!! screw you world, you make me sick!!!!!!!!!"
"girls need to stop having kids when they know they can't take care of them, hell they can't even take care of themselves  they are so pathetic "
wishing <propfemale> came easy         
"my hair looks like <propfirst> einstein made love to it,     lol it's killing me"
woke up pissed off but at least i got to snuggle with my baby  smile 
anyone who cannot enjoy a reese's peanut butter cup must be out of their damn mind!!!  smile  getting my chocolate fix  i should get paid for advertisement lol
