1987f4be01258828fb812034ea76229f
is looking forward to getting about 36 hours in at work this weekend 
is suffering from caffeine withdrawal   it's going to be a long week 
"has a new address, which she will be moving to in just a couple of weeks "
has one more week in crooked creek 
is happy    smile 
has a job interview tomorrow!
"had such a great weekend   i love you, girls!"
has another job interview tomorrow!
is 24 
"did not get hired by walgreens, but was offered a job at huck's   i start monday "
had such a great birthday!  thanks everyone!
finally has a day off from work 
had a great afternoon inline skating with <propfirst> 
does anyone know of any cool halloween corn mazes near <propfirst>?  i've never been to one 
"still has a job, for now "
has her first skinned knee in well over a decade thanks to roller blading   i forgot how much it hurts!
keeps hearing and feeling her pulse in her ears   is that weird?
is practically done with her xmas shopping!
went to the <propfirst> christmas parade tonight and is now baking scottish shortbread cookies for <propfirst> 
has been wasting time like crazy 
is thinking about going vegetarian 
doesn't adapt well to change 
is calling in sick today 
baby blue
"just watched something, something, something dark side   loved it "
"is home again, home again, jiggity jig "
hates charter communications 
"if you enjoy treats that are sweet and salty, i recommend ruffles potato chips dipped in chocolate   don't love it 'til you try it!"
"hey everyone, what's your favorite romantic comedy?"
spent the day playing super <propfirst> world and eating snow cream; it's just like the snow days i had when i was a kid!
is eating homemade sushi   it's awesome 
is so not a fan of soy milk 
i miss being able to breathe through my nose   stupid cold 
is craving thin mints and tagalongs 
"i have a job!  i'll be an office clerk for the us census, and i begin in two weeks!"
it's 83 degrees in here   i am very tempted to turn on the ac 
"<propfirst> picked up some kind of bug or germ at the daycare, and then gave it to me   now we are both coughing and running fevers  stupid, germy, little kids "
"if i won the lottery, i would buy one of those fancy, hypo-allergenic kittens   i know that they're no longer being bred, but since i'm not going to win the lottery, i don't see how that matters   oh, and i would also buy cat accessories "
"happy anniversary, <propfirst>!  two years!!!!"
is this mania?  what a strange state!
a boombox can change the world   you gotta know your limits with a boombox   a boombox is not a toy 
my back!!  why does it hurt?!?
"i love it when my job offers me challenges, but only if it's a challenge i can meet "
i feel paralyzed by laziness today 
"\i think computer viruses should count as life  i think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive  we've created life in our own image \""  - <propfirst> hawking"""
"i always feel incredibly embarrassed when i make a mistake and violate a social norm and then hear people talking about it behind my back   i really didn't think anyone would mind if i moved their pair of sneakers from the laundromat dryer, after the cycle was done of course, to a nearby table so that i could use said dryer   but i was quite wrong, and i'm still blushing over it "
i just found out that next week i'll be teaching a night class on enumerating   i'm nervous 
"so much space to clean, so little time to clean it "
"hates bureaucracy, specifically u s  census bureaucracy "
<propmale> is able to move his left thumb a <propfemale> bit 
going back to nashville tomorrow night to spend monday--tuesday at vanderbilt 
is homesick    sad 
has a job interview at mcdonald's tomorrow 
anyone have any guesses as to why my laptop's usb ports work either rarely or not at all?
"i finally hiked up to ladyfinger bluff   it was beautiful   plus, i saw a bunch of armadillos foraging "
is really happy because she is once again gainfully employed 
"i stubbed one of my toes and broke the nail in half  luckily, <propfirst> was here to pour hydrogen peroxide on it and super glue the nail together "
starts her job at walmart on monday!
"has a job at wal-mart now, and it's going well "
won't have another day off until july 10th 
"\war is not nice \""  - <propfemale> bush"""
"just 24 more hours of work, and then i will finally get a couple of days off "
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone!  i'm having a great birthday!"
was compared to a ninja today 
"can an algae eater, a ghost shrimp, and a male betta peacefully co-exist?  i hope so "
is crocheting 
it's a goddamn winter wonderland out there 
all i want for christmas is for my back pain to go away!
i'm still hopelessly ill but so glad i have someone to take care of me 
"i had a great time in nashville, visiting family and friends, and i hope i get to move there very soon "
"so, i finally took down the xmas tree today "
"i heard someone say this today:  \i'm not wearing a condom with *my own* secretary \"""""
"making a <propfemale> top hat out of homemade <propmale>, not as easy as it sounds "
"awesome news: after only 9 months at walmart, i made 2nd shift associate of the month!  less awesome news:  it's quite possible that i was at least partly responsible for my store losing $8,500   i didn't get in any trouble over it, though   to paraphrase my manager, \shit happens \"""""
i'm getting sick yet again   stupid colds 
