ba1a1cb9c951fe7d251596ebaa2140b1
which alignment are you? -- my result: chaotic good  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 138221 referrals status?aid=100001121168128
just another day in hell!!!!!!!!!!!!
why cant we all just get along?????????? ha!!!
look in the mirror before you start slinging mud!
"\sorry if i interrupt you its just that i dont give a f ck about you or what your saying\""!!!!!!"""
i hate to see him go but i loooove to watch him from behind!!!!!!!!!!! see you soon babe 
smart is when you believe only half of what you hear  brilliant is when you know which half is true   
is having technical difficulties with her attitude today   we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you  avoidance is suggested for safety precautions 
"i need a bag of hydrated lime, tarp, shovel, and a map to the wilderness  don't ask!!!"
the size of the piston don't tell you nothing about the depth of the stroke 
he who conquers his her anger conquers a strong enemy 
has  learned its so hard to please everyone  but so easy to make them all mad at the same time lol 
"my \give-a-damn\"" finally broke and they are on back order from the company  so hold on it's gonna be a rough ride for awhile!"""
if you or anyone you know is having drama please fight the urge to contact me today!!
got a problem email me at www dontgiveafuck com
so it seems a certain person believes that i have a problem with sarcasm  well thank you captain obvious for that startling revelation!
i always <propfemale> a little crazy with me   you never know when it's going to come in handy  wink 
"remember the 3 f's, if ur not fuc*ing me, feeding me or finacing me, ur opinions really don't matter!!!"
okay so i'm sarcastic  i noticed you're stupid but i didn't point that out to you!  smile 
says if ignorance is bliss then there is a sh*t load of people in paradise
"\ability is what you're capable of doing  motivation determines what you do  attitude determines how well you do it \"" - <propfirst> holtz"""
i been diagnosed with chronic couldn't care less syndrome 
