18ce3e0d680bc2a34c679461c83e65f7
happy new year !!
heading to the gator bowl with my babe and the fam!!
not looking to good for the wolverines    poop 
in sweden and im freezing!!!
just got back from the <propmale> palace in sweden!! flying to <propfemale> tomorrow!!
cold & rainy in france   ready to see my baby and my puppies 
<propfirst> on saturday!! i can't wait!!
i absolutley despise flying! stuck in amsterdam  until tomorrow  sad  i miss <propfemale> 
is gonna be an aunt  smile 
its the weekend!! and im bored    
100% <propmale> of snow tomorrow!! im so excited!!!
ready for some beach weather and a cold <propfemale>   
jacksonville = &hearts;
heading to jacksonville &hearts;
i lost my droid =[
just got back from mexico beach  smile 
i miss spice girl days       
it's a boy!!!!
got me a kindle dx today   i dont think i like it at all     ):
spending time with the fam  smile 
happy mothers day to all the moms!
went to the movies and boo hooed like a baby lol 
im so excited to be off tomorrow!! mexico beach day with my brothers  smile 
im on fire! and i look like a lobster     dang it
i really want some wingo's   yummm
cherishing the last few weekends i get to spend in pc    i will so not miss it  smile 
finally get to come to pc to work tomorrow   sooo excited!! i miss my stinky people  smile 
really wants to go back to europe!!
congrats rhs class of 2010!!
soooo glad tomorrow is friday!! back to pc tomorrow  smile  yea!!
finally off! this week has been awful    might go have a beverage tonight and possibly dancing??
beach day &hearts;!!
really wants to do something tonight  any ideas??
shopping!
really doesn't want to go home   ugh 
on my way back home   blah  crying 
back to pc tomorrow!! i love my job    wink 
it's friday!! back to pc  gonna enjoy the beach probably for the last time    
well looks like the oil beat us to the beach  shame on you bp 
i can't believe the weekend is almost over   pier park tomorrow  smile 
spent way to much $ today   i love shopping tho  smile 
blah  i hate monday 
why all of a sudden am i wide awake when i just got in the bed and could barely keep my eyes open? ugh  
is getting excited!! i think someone wants to buy my house!!! yea!!!!  smile 
just found out ill be traveling for the next 2 weeks   oh what fun  more airplanes  
i really really hate laundry and liars too     
dothan tonight  pc tomorrow  ohio sunday  oh how i love to travel     smile 
"don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things  \the saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have "
happy fathers day! i miss you and love you daddy  rip
really likes the new airport    heading to atlanta then on to ohio    yay! amish country here i come!
made it to ohio   and i already miss florida and my puppies  sad 
1 day down 4 to go  come on friday  i miss you  smile 
2 more days and ill be home!! oh how i miss my own bed   
"<propfemale> it recently became apparent to me that the letters 't' and 'g' are far too close together on a keyboard  this is why i'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase \regards\"" ever again """
is getting so excited! waiting for the plane to take me home!!
made it to atlanta  feeling sick   ugh
i'm in florida!!
wonders why i was so excited to come home    fml
spending the day with my sis  smile  jacksonville tomorrow &hearts;
headed to jacksonville    in a ant infested rental car  yay! great way to start out the week!
"i love love love jacksonville, but i miss my puppies! i'm so ready to come home!!"
heading home from jacksonville!
so glad we have a 3 day weekend  smile 
going to watch eclipse!!
can't wait for friday  feeling blah today  
"friday, oh how i love you dearly   "
feeling some changes coming soon    
"courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear "
heading to pc! &hearts;
my droid has gone crazy and decided to call all my facebook friends  so sorry if i called you and <propmale> up!
hello weekend! i've missed you terribly!
is numb
why do i have such bad allergies? it's really sad i don't even want to do anything but sleep on a friday night   
heading to the great state of michigan tomorrow! not looking forward to the 18 hr drive  sad 
is loving this michigan weather! 77 degrees with a nice breeze  smile 
super happy  loving michigan  smile 
heading to cedar point!
absolutely loved cedar point! definitely beats disney  lol  we are exhausted tho  heading home in the morning! i miss you florida!
heading to maddox's baby shower! i can't wait for him to get here!!
"just spent wayyy wayyy wayy to much money today! i did gain a new 46\ led tv tho  smile  i love it!!!"""
is so glad it's friday!!
having a great night! mellow mushroom & the last exorcism  smile 
is so glad its football season  smile 
"had a great weekend !! 4 wheelin, fishing, snorkeling, & destin-wish it didnt have to end so soon    "
baby time  smile 
maddox is on his way! we can't wait to meet him!!
maddox is here!!
7 lbs 7 oz 20 inches long he is so purdy  smile 
so excited to watch some football!!
spending time with the fam this weekend  smile  it's amazing how something so small and innocent can bring so much love and happiness to us  i &hearts; maddox!
smashed the screen on my droid in to a million peices      crying 
really dislikes homework on a saturday night  booooo!
"will be staying and working in pc for the next 3 months \ smile "
is loving it in pc  sitting on the porch spending time with the family  smile 
going to see easy a! has anyone seen it?
is absolutely miserable    
touchdown alabama!!
i like it on the kitchen counter!!
lets go noles!!!!
all right florida state! i finally get to wear my shirt tomorrow!! yay!!
having a great time at the seafood festival! can't wait for lynyrd skynyrd!
free bird    smile 
just saved a turtle and almost got ran over my self  
is not ready to be 24   why can't i just stay 23 forever!?
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! this has been a great day with the people i love! thank you again everyone!
finally finished with homework!! with 2 hours to spare!! now   i hear my bed calling me   smile 
heading to the haunted corn maze!!! kinda scared     
happy halloween!! hope everyone gets lots of <propfemale>!
watching the walking dead  smile 
eating at firefly  smile  yum
friday!! oh how i have missed you! florida state game tomorrow with my hunny  smile  praying for a win!
not good noles   not good
is not looking forward to class tonight   
it's friday!! it's friday!! it's friday!! so excited for tonight &hearts;
really doesn't like when people take advantage of the ones i love   if you hurt him again i will hurt you  that's a promise 
can i just start today back over?!
had a really great weekend with my hunny and the fam! not looking forward to monday though     
is loving this weather! school    not so much 
finally got to start my vacation today!! yay!! looking for houses  smile 
god is good!! i'm so thankful for everything he has done for me!!
happy turkey day! i am so thankful for my amazing family and my most awesomest boyfriend! can't wait to stuff my face!!
i don't like this black friday crap 
let's go noles!
my noles are impressing me! wishing i was there!
touchdown fsu!
how bout them noles!! having some gator for supper! yummmm!
not liking this weather! florida is not suppose to be like this!
didn't realize this show bama belles is so close to home   
in jacksonville house hunting for my momma  smile 
soooo happy! no work for 5 days!! oh and christmas of course  smile 
hunting with the boyfriend &hearts; i'm hoping my <propmale> comes out  smile ]
congratulations to coty & jenn!!! they just got engaged!!!! i love you both so much!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone !!! hope you all have a spiffy day!!
nasty weather!! yuck!!
the sound of music makes me smile  smile ]
really needs to find a house back in pc but there is nothing i like out there    annoyed 
true blood  =  &hearts;
jacksonville bound with my babe! gator bowl tomorrow! let's go michigan!  smile 
just offered on a house! cross your fingers they accept!
love me some college football  smile  war eagle!
just ripped my fingernail off with the wii remote    go me!
<propfirst>'s crab shack jacksonville beach = &hearts;
house hunting tomorrow!! wish me luck!
just threw up in my mouth a little    
offered on another house! maybe 2nd time is a charm for me  smile 
when it rains it pours     can't wait for friday to get here  
my windshield wipers move my entire car  it makes me laugh  smile 
it's friday!!! thank you jesus!!
found a house!! offer accepted now the not so fun part!
lazy day  watching movies with my puppies  smile 
eclipse with my babe  smile 
