e2c348995da1a15479cdff2f21adb70d
"will never remember, her head is far to blurry"
loves sugar   and festivals 
has never been to home depot so many times in one day
has 2 free kittens for sale : )
b 
is at keane weeeeek!
is back to working on her golfer's tan
"is crusin with ec  love 3  ahh afternoon cruises, how i miss you!"
is a little bittersweet
is job hunting >eww<
makin coffee
is gonna eat a lot of peaches
is destined for a better day than yesterday
found a dead fly in her coffee this morning!
wishes all her stuff would stop breaking
done with 3 tests this week : ) : )  yay!
could use some good cookin !
wants to zap herself home
ok! ok! accounting
luck just gave me a kiss then lashed me down with a leather strap
is a sacred being of light projected into reality for a purpose
has got herself in a love-hate relationship with this world 
is eligable for her i-phone today!  >happy dance<
be prepared for endless waves of transformation
"no matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again "
wants to take a little time travel back to when her friends were around for long cruising purposes
is wishing her little sister a very happy birthday! miss you becca  love 
is a verrrrry dedicated student : )
selling flowers in douglassville!
needs to take a step back in time to mr  walsh's math classes!!
"   and the unsusal is the f*ing usual  man, my life is beautiful   "
    must    write    paper    before    party          
would appreciate a good photo friday today if it was possible
so close   yet so far away
beeeaaaaaaautiful day today : )
is scared for the life of her iphone    turn back on little fella!! please!
prefers the unseen world to that which is obvious 
is marching on
"dear exeter, could you have any more traffic lights?"
hungry! dinner?
the golfing gods blessed the <propfemale>!
where are all the golfers today !? come out and play!!
is workin harder than hard workin
"is fresh out of batteries, but still making noise"
is reading the philadelphia magaizine and loving it! : d
likes all the <propmale>- speaking people at this new job   it makes me laugh when i walk down the hall and hear them
is eating dunkaroos!
"is sitting, waiting, wishing"
is out-of-state
is trying to have a mid-west photo-shoot
so often times it happens that we live our lives in chains and we never even know we hold the key
had a dream about being in the midst of a scrum last night
when we meet on a cloud ill be laughing out loud  ill be laughing with everyone i see
needs a little @<propfemale> to brighten her day
keane week!!
loooking for a place to llliiivvveee!!! and running out of time  
is ready for lunch 
becca becca becca!!!
can feel the air
is eating shoefly pie!!
going to see pepper play!
"shoots for the <propfemale>, but is too busy gazing at stars"
"is so happy she was forced to buy this brand new textbook, just to have the pages fall out"
likes meeting helpful strangers
scheduling today!! come here last semester of classes!
is on a mission to be what i'm destined to be
<propfemale> is back!!
silo so soooooon
has been ignoring the fact that christmas is coming    it may be time to face reality
i smell like a chicken bbq sandwich with no mayo 
true inspiration is impossible to fake
"is not a word, is not a line, is not a girl that can ever be defined"
is going to play the mega million!! wish me luck!
nothing is what i e playful ect it to be today
you don't know what you don't know
is going back to her home where the buffalo roam  love 
is california dreamin on such a winter's day
why must i spend my time filling up my mind with facts and figures that never add up anyway?
needs to get her hands on some of those girl scout cookies!
http annoyed  getstopic com supermoon-rises-biggest-full-moon-in-18-years-occurs-saturday-night-space-com-171263 html
