c677d5805b7d21b9d83b08b0ea2614df
is here 
second day of school went off without a hitch!
third day ftw!!
<propfemale> and arrrrr!!! i don't know either   
is happy to have some nice weather!
5 th day of school!!
weeeee! pointless school day!!
passed network+ 1 exam!!
"got a card in the mail today! it's a rather awesome card, too "
something witty 
"you're welcome for that cow  i know you didn't say thanks, but i guess i'm just old fashioned "
"a+ part one final  no book, no notes  good times "
"new teacher, augmented class  we'll see, fasttrain, we'll see "
"wont go into detail, but doublesteve really needs to learn that some things are private "
"if you take the practice exam, you will fail the cert  ooooohhh noooooooo!"
why oh why didn't i go to bed until 2 smile 0 am  today's going to be fun 
"take these broken wings and learn to fly again, learn to live so freeeeee "
a whole new year!
fuck this shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
<propfemale> cowan 
wow    just feelin kinda    empty? r i p  e-man  
so that's what it's like to have a family member murdered 
derp 
the way life works is funny 
i  am  feelin  good  man  fgm  love 
is excited for tuesday 
what kinda hotel is this??
is ready to be home 
"i am not in good shape  i am, however, shapes "
"sometimes, you just gotta be  (imma be)"
yup  i guess   
what is this i don't even
r i p  hair  2009-2010 never forget 
is rather upset 
"dat love, y'all "
"you know, sometimes, life kinda sucks "
karaoke time  any suggestions?
party party! join us join us!
"\i don't know   \"" i know what that means   """
what's uuuuuuuup?
halp wat do
awesome    d:
lolwut
yarp
"what is up, yo?"
what do we do?
beach day!!
i suck  
the zoo was sweet
with vocal??
"life, son  fucked up shit "
two hot haim saindwiches are pretty good    and a salad bowlllllllllllll
"what's good, people?"
"yup, nothin "
that feeling you get when you know you care more than they do 
"rain rain, good times  laugh "
off to work  awesome  laugh 
oh lawd  bed  halp 
oh god why
b'ing up some w to s out of my new b
idgaf
"off to work  text me if you want, keep me sane "
what's on your mind?
"oh lawd, internet is down   halp what do"
it's    it's so hot   
write wall keegan willet herroooo  love 
wat
what's up?
so there  playful 
"oh, by the way, which one is pink?"
thug aim 
the sky is growling at me 
"and lo, the heavens ceased weeping, and there was much rejoicing "
oh yay  work 
home  home again  i like to be here when i can 
"relax, i'll need some information, first  just the basic facts, can you tell me where it hurts?"
"have a cigar, you're gonna go far "
"there must be some kinda way outta here, said the joker to the thief "
"how i wish, how i wish you were here  we're just two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl, year after year  running over that same old ground, and have we found, the same old fear  wish you were here "
"you know that it would be untrue, you know that i would be a liar, if i were to say to you, girl we couldn't get much higher  come on baby light my fire  come on baby light my fire  try to set the night on, fire!"
ugh i don't want to work today  feel like shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit 
apply directly to the fordhead 
it could be made into a monster if we all pull togeter as a team 
"but to me, coming from you, friend is a four letter word "
breathe  breathe in the air  don't be afraid to care 
"the sun is the same in a relative way but you're older, \shorter of breath and one day closer to death "
"hold my breath as i wish for death, please god wake me "
two steps forward  i take two steps back  we go together  cause i'm dressed like a cat 
"tell sancho that if he knows what is good for him he best go run and hide, daddy's got a new 45  and i won't think twice to stick that barrell straight down sancho's throat, believe me when i say that i've got something for his punkass "
"tv says doughnuts are high in fat, kazoo  found a hobo in my room "
ticking away the moments that make up a dull day  fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way 
"did you want me to change? well i'd change for good  and i want you to know, that you'd always get your way "
"it's a nice day for a, white wedding "
"into this house we're born, into this world we're thrown "
fuckin    whatever  
"i was struck by lightning, walking down the street  i was hot by something last night in my sleep "
i'm a creep  i'm a weirdo  what the hell am i doing here? i don't belong here 
word up 
what's the happs?
"such a lonely day, and it's mine  "
aw hell nah  shrooms  fgm?
feels  good  man 
"\i'm glowing rainbows\"""""
"\human beings shouldn't make these noises\"""""
"quite honestly, i don't know how i feel "
fireworks day  congratz on another year u s 
ut wub 
"but you can skyrocket away from me, and never come back if find another galaxy, far from here, with more room to fly, just leave me your stardust to remember you by "
"if you'll be my boat, i'll be your sea, a depth of pure blue just to probe curiosity, ebbing and flowing, and pushed by a breaze, i live to make you free "
halt! who goes there!
anyone still up?
all by myself 
"day off, all alone, nowhere to go, nothing to do, no one to do it with "
been spending most our lives livin in an amish paradise 
hehehehe! hahahaha!
armcannon legvacuum
con-den-sa-tion
"alone again, naturally "
"someone? anyone? lets chill!\\please?"
oh lawdy florida! why you gots to be so hot??
"i hurt myself today, to see if i still feel  \i focus on the pain, the only thing that's real "
lame 
it's official  no cable  no internet  god have mercy on our souls  
goddamn good night chillin with bros  laugh 
looks like another good day in the making
good day  laugh  ut wub  love 
i don't even know what a pedestle is 
day off today ffffffff  laugh 
mr toads wild ride irl 
gettin my stripclub <propfemale> popped tonight  laugh 
can somebody please hook me up with a hug?
take these broken wings aod learn to fly again
it is can be beech tiem nao?
"some balls are held for <propfemale>, and some for fancy dress, but when they're held for pleasure they're the balls that i like best "
hmmm  
i think that if i'm still single by my next birthday i'm going to give up trying 
thrift store whoot
rule zero
the lake
"haha, what's the point anymore?"
any gun is a handgun if you're a badass 
"i'd rather waste our time together, yeah, cause we can get down "
"never allow someone to be your priority, while allowing yourself to be thier option"
i've never been so happy to be alone 
and the search continues 
fml
it's about that time again 
hey you! yeah you! you know who you are  what's up?
dat purp  laugh  fgm
let's make today a great day 
prepare for adventure
ahhh! no one's awake!
new number! 904 674 1798
hangin out with that fun guy
absinthe  fgm 
powerless 
effemmell
i said what what?
what the fucks up?
friday the 13th  terrifying 
ok  guys  i need your help  how do i get a girlfriend? seriously   
"that's what i thought, hahaha  should i take that as a definitive no? hahahahaha probably, but fuck it, i'm stubborn   wink "
an hour left before work  what to do?
continue? (y n)
fuckin' pizza time whut whut
doesn't have to close tonight  what's the plan?
what now?
i love you 
"i've honestly tried not to, but i can't help it, i love you   "
i'm sorry   
down one computer and my ps3  point for thieves i guess?
like week old liver 
a good book and a nice breeze  the only thing that could improve this is some company 
what to do tonight   
sharkeys  what song should i sing?
it is really way too hot 
i miss our third corner  
cross country bro trip  coming 3-4th quarter 2011  what stops should be made?
beeeeeaaaaaaccccchhhh toooooddddaaaaayyyyy
beach again!
"hmm, i think i'd quite like a kiss, i think i'm overdue for one "
i think i'm done  i think it's far beyond time to give up  but maybe not 
it is much too early to be out of bed 
tacobelllllllllllllllllllll
craftin' a boat 
bored bored bored bored bored
"hahaha, i get it!     oh! now i get it!"
ak-47 all up in deez lungs 
i'm rainbow fucking randolf!
time to rock 
i am all that is man 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabdominals 
i am all that is man 
"wait, what?"
some like it hot so let's turn up the heat til we fry 
904-674-1798  my number  use it bitches! ;-d
i miss stickam d':
oh lawd i'm bored  halp 
fuck my liiiiiiife!
hello again my sweet sweet lady dxm!
i lost 
to brie or not to brie?
dat dank purp
"it's not a question of where he grips it, it's a simple matter of weight ratios! look, an eight ounce bird cannot <propfemale> a one pound coconut!"
what's everyone doing tonight?
"i have only ever seen two episodes of enterage, but goddammit, i am in love with that show "
benzo'd
happy little trees 
loser
"i don't wanna die, i just wanna ride my motorcy    cle!"
"greenwood, sc will be my home again in the coming months  excited to see the family, sad to leave the friends "
fffffffffffffff i lost 
"last night in jax for a bit    not leaving for good, but i'm still gonna miss the fuck out of this place   "
goodbye jacksonville  i'll miss you 
arived safely  fuck i miss it there   
"like\ my status and i'll tell you: 1)something i've learned about you by \looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2)the color you remind me of  3)my \first memory of you  4)the animal you remind me of  5)ask something i've\ always wondered about you  6)my favorite thing about you  7)give you a \weird nickname   smile what's on my shirt now  9)challenge you to post this"
my printer is a passive aggressive <propmale> 
i know a thing or two about zombies    *lifts sleeve*
"i eat with gusto, damn! you bet!"
"i need exact change only  heres five bucks  i said exact change only  heres fifty bucks \what part of exact change only don't you understand? well fuck you guy! i'm gonna call the cops on your ass  i'll fuck you in the face!"
you know nothing of the crunch!
~700mg off to the upper atmosphere!
 love 
"so yeah, my comp shat itself  got a post error of 1 long beep, followed by 2 short beeps  looked it up, says it may have something to do with the video or cpu    halp?"
pickle victory
meteor shower time 
"well, my car just died  fuck "
so tonight's kind of been a shitty night 
"my love for you is like a truck \\berserker"
9 days and counting  has it really been a year?
lavender burps 
"tonight, we science "
"thanks errbody, for the well wishes and all! ut wub! ily all!  love "
fuck it 
"guys, i need suggestions of substances that i can get fucked up on that i have around my house "
"coffee  black  wake the fuck up, motherfuckers "
gewd naght peepoles
"he who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of the pain of being a man \\                                                                                       -<propmale> s  thompson"
caffeine intoxication  not as fun as it sounds 
two herps and a derp 
"\chosen one!!\"" \""i'm coming!\"""""
fffffff jk bro
"well, at least i stuck to my anti-avocado ideals "
shiny happy people holding haaaaaaaands~
ain’t no doubt jesus sees us acting foolishly on american band stand
i seriously love you guys  you have nop fuckin' idea 
snowed in  lol 
read <propfirst> dies at the end  great book 
"you know, i dislike going commando "
it's time    to get my drink on  join me?
"walked 2+ hours in the snow, for a pack of smokes  fml "
"ugh, feelin' gnarly bro "
"do i go to bed, y n?"
yup  
yup  
yup  
yup  
boop 
is it wrong for someone to love butter this much?
too hungover to properly function 
hold on to your butts!
one day i wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
chocolate guitars all up in this bitch 
walking to apply for jobs  wish me luck!
time for some o dat salvia  is it a  psy  or a  dis ?
"the sea is warship gray  it whispers \fool\"" then slides away """
"for those of you that don't already have my skype, it's af_amuro  add me, motherfuckers "
cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet cat planet
i think i'm dying d:
guess it's just one of those days 
"lying in bed, just like <propfirst> <propmale> did "
"is warm, but can't stop shivering for some reason  hahahaha"
countdown to blastoff
"hot dog, afterglow like a boss "
food poisoning i think  feels bad man 
ride dat tram
"big bottoms \big bottoms \talk about mud-flaps, my girls got em "
feels good to be making oc again 
*generic artsy deep depressing status*
"going to bed wicked early, to get up for first day of new job wicked early  wish me luck, bros "
day two down  what whaaaaat 
"however much i have to pay, i will be seeing rush this september in atlanta "
space  the final frontier 
i don't think i'm supposed to be this pissy  wat 
fgm  ut wub   love 
"i have squandered my existence for a pocket full of mumbles, such are promises  still, a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest "
i want more mdpv d: lolololol
"time for some power sleep\wish me luck bros  love "
"another day, another dollar  man, i need to find a job that pays better!"
listening to clutch  reading about rna 
"if you love me comment this status\if u think i'm a good friend like this status\if u had a crush on me poke me\if u hate me inbox me why\if your not scared put this as your status and see what u get"
"oh, riker  you cheeky bastard "
"washington, washington  six-foot twenty, fucking killing for fun "
fuck! my jaw hurts!
this is going to take some digestion 
"don’t believe in yourself  believe in me! believe in me, who believes in you!"
<propfemale> bruchman
"last night, my brother, timathee <propmale> kizer, comitted suicide \you may or may not have known him, but he was a true bro \he will be missed \\timathee h  kizer\1981-2011\r i p "
who wants to get completely shitfaced with me tonight?
it's like    a hole formed (emptied out?)  still in shock 
"keep hoping i'll wake up, lol  "
"now you've gone and fudged the bucket, you're telling me too many words to know "
which one?
this old routine again 
"wow like 1g resin, lol "
am i not mature enough? is my hair bad? am i not nice enough? am i too nice? am i too mopey? am i boring? do i talk too much? do i not talk enough? am i good looking? am i too dumb? what's wrong with me?
"$10 70 for 3g of jwh herbal blend  not bad, yeah?"
lets get drunk
good night 
du riechst so gut
"i don't know that to do  everyday is worse than the last \i don't know \\whatever \\fuck it "
"new number, bros, 864 344 3443"
"it's early, but i'm bored  guess it's time to hit the hay!"
http annoyed  youtu be jbuhda1kwgc
"next time, we eat children "
happy 4 20!
d:
i love telemarketers  i honestly do 
"come on embarq, get your shit together "
http annoyed  www myspace com congenitals
http annoyed  en wikipedia org wiki termite
"smoke two bowls for 8:40\8:40 = 2 x 4:20!"
[4:20] af_amuro: 4:20
it's shirtless o' clock
idfk  fml 
"neo new york is a base and disgusting city, where the strong bully the weak for whatever neo-shekels they got "
"thank the light for 3g, else the lack of a reliable internet connection would drive me insane"
timeclops: the movie (the pilot)
"i wish facebook would allow you to like the fact that someone liked something  get more <propfemale>, fb "
"ok guys, i don't remember much beyond the power hower (still drunk btw)  so, what happenend last night?"
rewatching gundam wing as an adult  this show is kinda hardcore 
