c07e35329776fc33b1c4986023f4b386
now has air conditioning  success? i think yes 
life is a debate 
home!
july 16th & 17th = two best days of my summer  smile 
"\i'll be better when i'm older; i'll be the greatest fan of your life \"""""
"but if ever you should stray, just sing along and i will play; look into your hands, i'm slipping through like a <propfemale> grain of sand "
"\maybe it's because i'm crazy; maybe it's because i just can't honestly tell you what i want \"""""
not all anniversaries are happy 
rode a mechanical bull  hahaha
"the world is spinning, turning day to night, and my thoughts are running at the speed of light  got an empty feeling that i never want to fill  absolutely still "
"nobody said it was easy  no one ever said it would be this hard  oh, take me back to the start "
wildlife photographer tbs tribute  hahahaha
cta adventure to loyola in t-48 minutes 
cta adventure = success!
has officially sent in her first college app 
"5 college apps done  most productive weekend of my life, legit "
what a day 
7 out of 8 apps done  not bad 
"now your world is way to fast  nothing's real and nothing lasts, and i'm aware "
booking flights to texas and boston  smile 
"and i will never see the sky the same way  and i will learn to say goodbye to yesterday, and i will never cease to fly if held down, and i will always reach too high, 'cause i've seen twilight "
our lives are jokes  lol 
every day we wait if it takes too long  just tell me something new  forget about the sunshine when it's gone 
story of my awkward life 
work  unbelievably bored 
big sister little sister banquet tonight!
there is no doubt in my mind that my life is a joke 
homecoming game tonight!
cold+rain+spirit sticks+football+being entirely too enthusiastic+friends=epic night
un-homecoming 
"hi, my name is    you won't remember  --- song of the evening? i think yes "
fml 
got into college 
"when the conversation stops and we're facing our defeat, i'll be next to you and you'll be right there next to me "
"do i seem familiar? i've crossed you in the hallways a thousand times; no more camouflage, i want to be e playful osed and not afraid to fall "
"think of me when you're out, when you're out there  i'll beg you nice from my knees  and when the world treats you way too fairly, well it's a shame, i'm a dream "
leaving tonight for <propmale> 
in <propmale>! leaving for boston tomorrow morning   smile 
home 
extremely loud and incredibly close
"goodbye, parlour  it's been fun "
"wonders if the couple from the train ever made it home, lol  downtown adventures = success "
creativity > productivity
"today was a really draining day, but the events and the people have made me more proud than ever to call myself a benet student "
project runway: burrito edition 
won for best menu item costume at chipotle  success 
throckmorton can go die 
going to loyola tonight!
at loyola  smile 
"but drenched in vanilla twilight i'll sit on the front porch all night, waist-deep in thought because when i think of you i don't feel so alone "
leaving for logos tomorrow!
logos was fantastic  hope it was equally amazing for all my fellow retreaters and new friends   smile 
and the apps are (finally) done  success 
watched the 'bad romance' music video again  weirdest thing i've ever seen  i'm disturbed 
"for you i'd wait 'til kingdom come until my days, my days are done  and say you'll come and set me free  just say you'll wait, you'll wait for me "
had an epic day 
my mind is fried  slap-happy has replaced stressed  wooo 
smiling   smile 
appalachia here i come! yay!
is leaving for ohio!
boredom 
"wait, school? what?"
"wait, so, finals this week? this is a joke, right?"
so that whole plan about going engineering? not sure how likely that is after i flunk my physics final tomorrow   
skipped through every intersection between millenium park and union station this afternoon  epic day   smile 
"'cause these are the days worth living  these are the years we're given  'cause these are the moments, these are the times  let's make the best out of our lives "
all i've got are these photographs 
"darling    i don't know how to tell you this, but there's a chinese family in our bathroom "
karaoke at suparossa = epic
"there's some things we don't talk about, rather do without, and just hold the smile "
can i just skip tomorrow and go straight to the weekend? that would be great 
"we did it, honeybee "
"sitting here with my bracket, the tribune sports section, vegas odds, and team statistics, making my picks  let march madness begin "
"you're only as tall as your heart will let you be, and you're only as small as the world will make you seem "
mr  redwing was utterly fantastic   smile 
appalachia!
had an amazing time in appalachia!
loves logos 
fml
"a bus breakdown, people watching at a nerd convention, witnessing a random protest to legalize marijuana, trying cocomero for the first time, dancing like a fool during a 3-hour drive, and sneaking through the woods to frighten unsuspecting friends  that was quite a day "
had a fantastic day   smile 
"oh hello, officer  why don't you just give me a ticket to start the weekend off right? great "
prom tonight!  smile 
had an amazing prom weekend!
"california, central park, and (last but not least) cicero, all in one day  i call that a success "
is done with high school 
"i can hardly believe that my time at benet is officially over  it was a great four years with an incredible group of people and amazing friends  congrats to us, class of 2010!"
the streets
zombie march!
the last hurrah = success 
today's the day 
sort of panicked 
had a good night 
has ditched the crutches 
may have just watched her summer die before her very eyes 
anyone can celebrate the 4th with fireworks  but we also celebrated with chat roulette  potentially scarred for life 
he's some guy she met at the gym with <propmale> pitt's face and jesus' abs 
is no longer a tubing virgin 
just ordered my <propmale>   smile 
back in the <propfirst> 
on my new <propmale>!
less than one week left 
"oh hi, facebook "
here's to the nights we felt alive  here's to the tears you knew you'd cry  here's to goodbye; tomorrow's gonna come too soon 
stressing 
is headed for the land of the bearcats  cincinnati for the weekend!
beat texas
this apparently just isn't my week 
i was just told by some random kid in the elevator that between my sarcasm and my northern accent i sound like <propfemale> fey  i'll take this as a compliment 
severe insomnia  great  just great 
will be boarding a plane to go back to chicago one week from this moment   smile 
"\i just wanna keep him as a pet \"" - berit pearcy  because it's perfectly normal to want to domesticate your substitute physics professor    hahahaha """
goes back to the <propfirst> today   smile 
"is, at long last, home "
loves being home and getting to see all her favorites  smile   what a fun night 
"we'll have the days we break, and we'll have the scars to prove it  we'll have the bonds that we save, but we'll have the heart not to lose it "
fact: anything can be made more epic by playing the inception soundtrack in the background 
is in dire need of christmas break right about now 
sleep is overrated 
"thanks to <propfemale> sweeney, <propfirst> torbik, <propmale> o'dea, <propfirst> sweet, <propfirst> behna, <propmale> ells, and everyone else who made turning 19 so fun  smile "
"after my four years at the acad, which required a blizzard to have a snow day, this just seems too easy  no classes due to a 1 inch dusting "
not at all ready for this coming week 
is officially an architectural engineering <propmale> 
gets to see <propfemale> sweeney today! can't wait  smile 
"today's scores --- the universe: 90190321904, amy: 0  shut out like no other "
"as <propmale> would say, i'm not just driving the struggle bus, i'm conducting the struggle train "
