6fc70acb4f01dd477ca77c105176ea47
if anyones wondering why my cell ain't working   i switched to sprint and tried to keep the same number    but sprint mailed the phones to the wrong place   so they switched the number before i got the phone   laugh   yay new phones
"got my flight to vegas booked and ready to go, i e playful ect to have my limo and my drink ready, and a spot at the high rollers table ready when i arrive!"
"got a papercut, i should probably leave work early to get it checked out   "
"sure, there might be ham and salami in a cold cut combo    but all you can taste is bologna!"
i want that green frog!  annoyed 
"you're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life"
some will fall in love with life and drink it from a fountain that is pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain  werd
iywbeyfio foeonoitu urrougt eeu'u dgdr he - unsolveable
no and then!
"goliath, colossus, scream, batman, riddler, terminator, x2, viper, revolution   it's been a good day"
"arms are bright red, feet are killin me, what an awesome day   i get the feeling tomorrow will be painful though "
"i was lied to, the men who stare at goats    is a great movie   and i am disappointed in those who told me otherwise "
don't go making phony calls
"it's all true, if you don't use it, you lose it "
"it's friday the 13th, beware of step ladders, black cats, mirrors, chainsaws, hockey masks, lakes, and anything that looks like it might blow up \\or    you could just have fun like usual  smile "
"6 hour drive pays off with clear skies and a meteor shower   yay laughlin  laugh \\you wish you were here"
"alright, got up on a wakeboard for a good 15 seconds, now i'll never have to do it again  laugh "
watching news about <propmale> gibson is almost as good as lethal weapon
"stupid summer heat, goway!"
"haha, the coins come out of them when they die  laugh "
"i was thinking of the immortal words of socrates, who said, \    i drank what?\"""""
"cowboys: \what are you doin?\""\",6fc70acb4f01dd477ca77c105176ea47,"you pass a gas station every hundred yards for a thousand <propmale>, and when u really need one, you end up walking ur ass off for it!!! this is no way to run a desert!!"
"(grabs bongos) maybe i'm crazy, maybe you're crazy, maybe we're crazy    possibly "
"just when you think that you're in control, just when you think that you've got a hold, just when you get on a roll"
"warning! facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor  to block, go to your kitchen cabinet and remove the box of aluminum foil  wrap foil around your head,stay calm & breathe through your left nostril  this is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and her pet chihuahua  copy and paste as your status & save your friends"
tgint
"\the u s  coast guard has established maritime condition whiskey   \"" that's all they needed to say"""
"yay, an update for my phone that makes it find the music on my sd card without me telling it to look there!  oh your phones already do that?  well    whatever "
"boondock saints ii is supposed to be an action, crime, thriller, drama    and yet all i saw was comedy   that movie was hilarious "
"blondie bar delight, wrapped up like a douche another <propmale> in the night"
"\the summer of recovery is apparently sliding into the autumn of nothing but ramen noodles for dinner \"" - <propfirst> <propmale> on the state of the economy"""
<propfemale> swafford took off with my tent  annoyed 
"you will soon open your twelfth house of secrets to your coworkers, which unfortunately means you will need to seek a second house of employment "
dvr full and no time to watch it  annoyed   anyone got a time machine?
10 10 10    what does it mean?!
enjoying my extended lunch while it figures out server issues   hello fb land!
you crazy kids and your social statisti    ooo 828 compatibility score!
i like house noodle from <propfemale> gate chinese food!  just thought you'd all like to know    ahem   
"snickers, almondjoy, reese's, kitkat, crunch, milky way, peanut m&m's    feast!"
footlong    cheeseburger?  alright!
"paranormal activities 2, filmed by m night shyamalan?  i think so "
"it's not about voting for what you want, it's about voting against what you don't want   fun!"
"hot, <propfirst>, desolate wasteland filled with quads, sandrails, dirtbikes and trailers   sounds like mad <propmale> to me   "
why can't weeeee be friends?
someone finally decided to break the thermostat on the a c  annoyed 
"skyline has no real ending, just fair warning to anyone who's curious "
"yay, holiday gas prices are back  laugh     > sad "
<propfirst> in the box is bringing back taco tuesday    yes!
going skiing for thanksgiving and getting friday off    ha! hahahahah! hahahahahahahah!
why did i agree to that midnight showing of tron    why?!
"bad news: office internet is down \good news: we got reese's mini cups  laugh \\good thing this dinosaur phone can surf the web!"
"it's fun having a basic understanding of it troubleshooting  wink \\office router 0: me 2"
i looooooooooove these spice vinegary carrot slice thingamajiggers!  i can't believe these places just leave it out there for you to take as much as you want    it's insane!
"the coffee, it does nothing!  curse you post-holiday laziness  annoyed "
"as much as i love all this rain we've been having, it's bad for business   please stop, k?"
"and it's a great day to be alive, i know the sun's still shinin' when i close me eyes "
you'll be bitten by a vampire and become one of the immortal sanguinary children of the night just when the whole fad is about to blow over 
i  love  left-handed mouse
is it time for the summer olympics yet?  i need my vacation  annoyed 
curse you indeed com and your extremely appealing job opportunities!  i'm not ready to switch yet!
"great, now every time i'm in a good mood i'm reminded of, \i'm feeling gipper\""    curse you pop media!"""
"happy <propfirst>'s day, or if you work in a retail store, happy pre-easter shelf restocking?"
rain makes corn
recalculating   
raise your hand if you haven't had a cold flu or anything similar in the last month   i seem to be running into a lot of sick people lately and i'm starting to wonder if there's something wrong with me!  i wanna be sick too 
"ugh, this headache sucks   feels like i just drank a 2 gallon slurpee  annoyed   the aspirin, it does nothing!"
"me: i think she's deflecting \rob: yeah, they tend to do that, especially when they're wrong \me: hahaha, true"
"a little less attitude, a little more altitude!"
internet's been down since 10 and they just let us know there's a bad circuit that at&t needs to come fix      aaaauuuuugh! *kicks football*
"fun, fun, fun, fun  annoyed "
could it be any more complicated trying to delete messages on facebook?  i think not 
