fd65d338c7d86212619e40a70eb2f357
stuck babysitting on new years >_> oh well at least i got to stuff my face
"if you combine things you love with new year's resolutions you have a better <propmale> of keeping them ex  \work-out more   with asian chicks\"" lol"""
sometimes even though you're having a great time u can't help but think back & think about how much u miss the old times   annoyed 
woot! sunshine was first to add me  i can already tell it's gonna be a good day
"damn, i wish i had actually took pictures on the cruise now haha"
"finished editing my profile   phew, that took me years!"
taggin myself on everyone's cruise photos since i didn't take any lol
"headin out for a <propfemale>, will be on twit"
80 friends added in one day   i feel the love 
"for all yall who still in school, stay up  might be droppin in for a surprise visit reallll soon  smile "
"happy b-day <propfirst>, we finna party tonight! best believe "
chillin at the homies house watchin him play mw2 for his bday
<propmale> guize i just got hacked   love  <propfemale> carrillo
i just cant get 8 hours of feakin sleep anymore ugh!
running while tired and hungry makes for a really brutal exercise lol
"leg still hurts, so i'm just gonna chill in my house like a cripple and drink chocolate milk  smile "
i think there's something wrong with me  sometimes i'll just be sitting alone and hear music in the background  surprise 
you should really signout facebook and twitter b4 you let your gf go one your computer or else she'll just look thbrough all your shit  smile  ily fulishcious
and that's the last time <propfemale> will be using my computer unsupervised > annoyed 
"life is not like a box of chocolates, there aint nothing sweet about it "
"don't wanna be bored af today, any suggestions?"
me with fries + red <propfirst> & 4 different dipping sauces = yum!
"someone from red <propfirst> says: \i want the vegetarian meal         with a little bit of bacon\"" <--------smh"""
can i <propfemale> mc <propfirst>'s for false advertising? their big <propmale> is the same size as their other burgers i swear! > sad 
"seriously, i feel like the only one i know who doesn't blow trees on the regular "
"forgot the anniversary    damn, i dunno how many times can i apologize in one day before it becomes redundant?"
"ugh, ralphs doesn't have a job application  it has an hour long test   "
super fiendin for a mcdonald's sweet tea right now  annoyed 
"dang, i'm just stayin up later and later nowadays with not having to worry about school in the morning and all   "
"woot! my skin is finally lightening up, i swear i was looking like a dark hershey for a minute there "
startin to wear v-necks now and threw away all other pairs of pants except skinnies  time to switch the style up  wink 
"posted on twitter: i want to meet a girl the old fashioned way, and by that, i mean myspace   <---- lol"
"hmm, facebook has been lagging for me  gotta click like 6 times for <propfemale> to refresh  surprise "
filling out job applications left and right! stuff is hard when you got like 50 grown ass people gunnin for the same job as you cuz they lost their old ones    i do feel for them though  annoyed 
"the past is a good place to visit, but certainly not a good place to stay  be wise! set your goals and step forward!"
what's with everyone using these likepage status's?
"hey fb, what do you guys wanna be when you grow up or finish college?"
school on mon  and i just needa stay focused and don't become distracted by distractions  keep my eyes on the prize!
"have to go to an elementary school, where i'm taking my english class for college and prove i'm not a pedo  haha"
"need to get my stuff ready for school on mon  now, where the heck did i leave my backpack?"
"i just realized, there are a lot of birthday's in sept  i wonder why?"
"first day of class and tired af, but it could be worse  i atleast got the classes i wanted =p"
"tried to take a nap and almost missed the bus to rcc haha, dodged a bullet there"
"first day of college and i'm already procrastinating on my hw  yup, i'm definitely back into the swing of things   smile "
"be who u are & say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter & those who matter don't mind\ ~theodore seuss giese    """
got all my text books for college today and only paid 50 dollars altogether  smile 
you have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you 
i'm at the barbers atm lol how many of you could imagine me with braids  surprise 
"friendship is like a book  it takes a few seconds to burn, but it takes years to write "
love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence  ~ <propfirst> <propfirst> mencken
tomorrow is going to be a very special somebodies b-day and my only regret is that i might not be there to share it with em    
"you hear that boys, she's legal!"
posted on twitter: ladygaga said i had to stay 1000 ft away     which means she noticed me  #theresachance <---- lol!
go to <propmale> taco and ask for the stoner burrito on their secret menu   it will change your perspective on life  surprise 
going to <propfemale> garden tomorrow! going to attempt to make the world record for most pasta eaten at one time   playful 
"you can't always wait for the perfect time  sometimes, you must just dare to do it because life's too short to wonder what could have been "
it's nice to know even though i'm out of school the peeps at straw hat pizza are still cool with me  eatin there  brought back memories of sophmore year   smile 
"love your haters, they're your biggest fans  why? because they waste time just to watch your every wrong move "
it is not everyday that the world arranges itself into a poem  - <propmale> stevens
"sigh, got enough hw to give <propmale> gates a headache  @_@"
"they say a person needs 3 things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for "
"ugh, i hate that i'm being forced to take 12 units just to get $1000 in a 3 month period  i really think just 9 would suit me better  annoyed "
"saw a lot of friends at college today  nice to know the more things change, the more they stay the same    smile "
anybody ever felt like they were trying too hard and just ended up making things worse instead of better?
watched singing in the rain & psycho in film class today =p
house all to myself for the weekend! =p
"i really do think i must have a tapeworm or sumthin, the amount of food i ate yesterday just isnt normal   surprise "
"friday started good and ended shitty, but hey can't complain because my day was still better than 3 4 of the rest of the world "
try to name a fast food restaurant that doesn't use or have the colors red & yellow in it's logo or on it's building 
"doing hw with <propfemale> atm, can't think of a better way to spend a sunday"
"i can hear the dude 5 houses down yellin \ yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! touch down wooooooo!!!\"" some people must really love their football  surprise """
being defeated is often a temporary condition  giving up is what makes it permanent 
"wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy\put my glasses on, i’m out the door - i’m gonna hit this city"
watching house when i should be studying   meh 
sooooooo much work! it's blowin my miind!!!
"optimism means e playful ecting the best, but confidence means knowing how to handle the worst "
"don't you hate it when you have something with you everyday and the one time you don't bring it, you really needed it!"
"words are cheap, but your actions can cost you big time!"
success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm  <propmale> churchill
religion has done love a great service by making it a sin  - anatole <propfemale>
found some things out tonight that just changed my whole perception of her  surprise 
"so confused right now, about everything    life; the future, the present  what to do; what i should do, what i want to do  what i could become; what i am and what i should be   "
"the older i get, the better i was  - <propfirst> <propfirst> mencken"
nap time  smile 
it's hotter than egypt out here!
i tried being the bigger man and that didn't work now what?
"got my license, that's whats good!  smile "
"is currently watchin, na na na na na na na naaa batmaan!"
"so closes maybe the most eventful year of my life: i got my license, met cool new people and said goodbye to some, made friendships that will last a lifetime, am currently with the girl of my dreams, competed and won in 2 track meets, graduated high school, have started learning my career, went on 2 great summer vacas, partied till the break of <propfemale> and now   \i'm goin to disneyland!\""   smile """
"it's official, i have my disney autotopia driver license booyah trick!!!"
our lives are not determined by what happens to us but by how we react to what happens   
"thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday, really shows just how many people's lives i've touched enough that they took the time to actually write it  i really appreciate it   smile "
"wow, first day being 19 and i'm already back to my same old selfish ways   that's it, something's gotta give "
to live is to love; all reason is against it; instinct is for it  - <propfirst> butler
"tight kick back tonight, franks guitar playing was on point and i was hopping over the fire pit lol"
when i was younger being a pokémon master was the logical career choice
even though the truth may hurt   it's better to tell 1 true statement than countless false ones to cover up a lie 
has been hacked! by <propfemale> =p
"ms  <propfirst> cooked me some ribs and macaroni and it was \bombtasticlicious!\"" got me making up my own words to describe it's absolute goodness """
*insert status update about some dramatic shiz going on in my life right now*
"throwin bitch fits about lil insignificant stuff   yup, it's wensday"
assumptions are not facts   try to find out the truth about something before you make a mistake 
"do anything, but let it produce joy  - walt whitman"
"engine engine number nine, on the new york transit line, if my train goes off the track, pick it up, pick it up!"
just got some money and the first order of business is to finally go to <propmale>'s chicken & waffles for the first time  smile 
"now you know you can eat when the waiter brings you the <propmale> and says \damn this boy ain no joke!!\"""""
bad company corrupts good character  - never have i known something to be more true in my life  
"saw gabby at the mall today, was nice to see a familiar face "
when you have a sharpie you feel the need to write on everything 
"attack life, it's going to kill you anyway "
i feel like shit right now emotionally   
"some say life is what you do not what you know, but at the same time  you have to know what you're doing to complete each action "
"when god created me, he obviously did not intend for me to dance, because i can't do it at all haha"
it just doesn't feel right anymore   
"damn, for some reason i really feel like having a fight right now   haha, guess i've been watchin too much ufc"
might be livin in <propfemale> in the next few months; foreign exchange program
dreams do come true  laugh 
what's free and fun to do?
i swear some people would argue that there's no sun and that the sky is green  no matter how much evidence you throw at them 
there's a school of ducks by my house  i'm going to feed them and see if they follow me  smile 
some dude tried to snag a spot from me in the rcc parking lot today   sike!!! maybe next time bruh
"dang girl, just because i ask how old you are  it doesnt mean i'm trying to get at you   "
"i swear some dudes have no manners, a girl dropped all her stuff and the guy just watches her pick it all up  that's just sorry   "
"i have an inability to stay mad, maybe hold a grudge, but i just cannot stay heated  "
god is the perfect poet  -<propfirst> browning
"sigh, sometimes it's hard being this fly   lol"
all i can say is fuuuuuuuuu---
"kickback   in my hood? naaaaah you're kidding me, not with these uptight community committee nazis "
h a t e r s = having anger towards everyone reaching success 
"lesnar is about to myrder this guy, lets go old school wwf!!"
"essay and reading questions due, if i'm lucky i'll be done in 3 hours "
"great, slept through my alarm clock   "
obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes of the goal 
"inside and outside blue his house \with the blue little window and a blue corvette \and everything is blue for him and hisself \and everybody around cause he aint got \nobody to listen to   "
"mmm yum! pumpikin pie smoothie, what will they think of next!?!"
liked paranormal activity 2 > smile 
remembers when your mom was the only girl in the world   love 
nerd outfit was legit all the way down to the spider-man undies!
"damn jut woke up and i'm already pushin it to college, sorry stomach no $$$ for breakfast    sad "
"roses are red  violets are blue  faces like yours, belong in the zoo  don't be mad, i'll be there too  not in the cage, but laughing at you "
"ever wish you had one of those moms that tell you it'll be ok, instead of ragging on you like one of the homies? ya   me to "
"damn, prop 19 didn't pass   oh well, not like people won't still do it the old fashioned way lol people are stupid "
"guy says he's a 200 runner, i ask him what's his best time  he says 45 sec bwahahaahaha!!!"
"always find a way to screw up a good evening without fail, it's like my special talent in life   "
trying to understand women is like a blind man trying to read -_-
another day and another nite ruined by me   
i need to quit goin to bed at 3 am i cant pay attention in math class  feels like i'm in the twilight zone @_@
aspires to be a phone sex operator lol
"i love the wayyyy you moooove, wooooooo i love the way, i love the way, i love the wayyyy you moooove!!"
i'm sooooo tired ugh   
"you know she's the one when she drives you freakin insane!! but, you still love every moment with her   love "
likes putting the seatbelt around my food after going through the drive-thru to make sure it's safe 
"tell me smart people, what is the logical reasoning in having me learn the quadratic formula when it's not part of any of my ultimate career goals?"
"likes singing along to the radio in his car even though he has \no clue\"" what the lyrics are """
all these #s in my phone and there isnt any of them i can talk too   
algebra test thy name is b-radd prepared to be conquered!
at the staples center for ushers omg concert in a suite and <propmale> songz is opening   talk about a surprise!!  surprise 
i guess i'm going commando today 
shopping close to holiday seasons is annoying af!
lol on what sport are you most good at it app  it chose 99% basketball for me  laugh 
<propfemale>'s rapin us with a vaccum and i aint gonna lie   i kinda like it  surprise 
i swear my mother can't be trusted to do anything   now i'm gonna owe these people money fuk!
"\good & evil are created by people trapped in scenes\"""""
"if you got a girl with a personality that makes you smile every time you're with her, then homie you're set!"
happy turkey day!!! everyone one who knows me is required to eat at least 2 more plates of food than i do and i'm puttin down 3 at the very least haha
they played the entire <propfirst> brown themesong on the radio  really brought me back to the peanuts series    smile 
"damn everyone is cupcakin right now  i just saw like four \in a relationship statuses\"""""
"hates when your favorite song comes on the radio, right when you're about to get out the car "
"quick question everybody, what attracts you more: lips or eyes?"
they say txting while driving is bad   i just saw some guy brushing his teeth!
am probably one of the only people who knows the difference between a hobo and a bum 
you know you're ghetto af when you <propmale> the 99 cents store for two different sized winter gloves
sometimes the feelings we start to have again are feelings that never really went away in the first place 
my favorite thing about a woman's body is without a doubt the slender stomach
would you get along with yourself?
i'll put a shock to yo system!
misses la <propfemale> and highschool in general 
"you know you're doin good, when you're both walkin around the mall and all the dudes are checkin her out haha"
"4 pancakes, 4 strips of bacon, 3 eggs, 3 drinks and a muffin monstered!!"
2010 is almost over so confess something you've always wanted to tell me 
"did she really just say i look like \where's waldo\"" today!?!"""
"to be good is not enough, when you dream of being great "
"keep your smile, never let anyone take that away "
went to subway and found 5 dollars on the ground which i used to pay for my sandwich  now that's what's up thanks <propfemale> 
drove all the way to la and back just to eat at <propmale>'s with sky & dawn   yup it's that serious and the waffles & chicken are that good  playful 
"just finished watching samurai <propfirst> on boomerang!?! now i feel old af, seeing that show on a tv station where they show ancient cartoons like the flinstones"
"ugh! my parents are sooo dang paranoid & nosey, can't find a spot to hide their presents where they won't go looking through the bags to see what it is "
in a crowd of 100 all i see is you   love 
fml! this dude is embarrassing  need to get the heck up outta here 
failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor -t capote
"seriously wtf is up with the radio, i've starting to listen to rock stations more and more because they at least switch it up!! there's only so many times i can hear the same 16 songs over and over and over again and again "
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, is still fighting, or has survived cancer, copy this to your status in their honor!"
"wow! a woman is suing her groom for canceling their wedding at the last minute  saying he purposely caused her emotional distress and she's in debt from planning and spending money on the ceremony  pfft, women   lesson leaned, don't propose in the first place guys they'll come after you if you get cold feet!"
"nobody dies a virgin, because life screws us all "
"dreams come true; without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them -j updike"
"if i cant remember something  i say \nigga\"" until it pops back into my head   0_o"""
hurt my hand going bodies with <propfirst> 2night guess i hit him harder than i thought    waas really fun though
apple always comes out with something new that everyone wants 
time to do it all over again with the juice & <propfemale>
this nikkah really forgot his phone in my car and now i gotta drive all the way back to his house to give it to him at 3am  -__-
"ugh, i seriously just woke up 8 minutes ago   and i'm still tired "
love is the only thing in this world that covers up all pain and makes someone feel wonderful again 
"we can’t always have what we want, we don’t always know what we need, and we never really see what we have "
"ahhh crap! i think i missed my court date, guess i'm a wanted felon now  sad "
my momz cannot haggle at all!! this guy said it was $45 she got him down to $39 -_-
who's down to kik it tonight?
"might order pizza today, who wants some!!  laugh "
wrapping the last of the presents   overall i spent almost $1000 on the fam bam & friends  love 
"just woke up and i'm already on the move! haha, a <propfemale> christmas indeed "
"went one by one and texted everyone in my phone today, even if i haven't talked to them in forever! happy holidays & <propfemale> christmas to anyone i missed though  playful "
a warm smile is the universal language of kindness -w ward
"hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible -h keller"
"facebook has been wiggin out on me lately, hope i'm not the only one with bug issues?"
"walkin around bored in san <propfemale> and txting people, man i miss my friends  annoyed "
"when you see what some women marry, you realize how they must hate to work for a living  <propfemale> rowland"
"stomach pains are not fun   never mix cake & ice cream with chinese and mexican food, bleh!"
i hate when i'm texting and i'm in the middle of a reply and another texts comes and interrupts the other message 
"comin home tomorrow around 6, riverside isn't any la or bay area but it's still home and also has the chillest people i known  smile "
"any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most fools do -b franklin"
lol had a blast with the homies and co  hopefully tomorrow's even better  smile 
loves that 'yessssss' feeling after you come home from a trip and get to sleep in your own bed 
"just realized people can't read your mind  never assume someone knows how much you love them, constant reminders are always appreciated   smile "
already registering for classes at rcc sucks for everyone else who has to wait  laugh 
"it is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness -c spurgeon"
rockin my superman t so you know it's gonna be a good day 
"time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students "
"so i see theres a \like\"" button wheres there a? \""love!!!\"" button?  smile """
you never know what you have until you lose it- correction- you always had it but never thought you'd lose it 
"cheat on your fears, break up with your doubts, and marry your dreams   love "
life is a grindstone  whether it grinds us down or polishes us up depends on us -t holdcroft
that really sucks for all the people who got tattoos of their zodiac sign 
"a leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way -j maxwell"
"they say hate is a strong word, but they throw around love like its nothing?"
"i want to sleep but my brain won't stop talking to itself   brain, shut up i am trying to sleep!"
"everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things -f clark"
the best cure for depression is optimism
"don't go to bed mad, stay awake and plot your revenge!"
no homo but i'm missin my friends right now  annoyed 
"be who you are, do what you can because life doesn't last forever"
if life was fair it would be boring   
loves when you get in your car and when you turn on the radio the song that you were just thinking of comes on
nuthin but lint and good intentions in my pockets  sad 
my dad is trying to force me to get a job!!! <_<
struggle as hard as you can for whatever you believe in 
"that tight feeling around your waist after eating a crap load causing you to unbuckle your pants   yup, that's me  smile "
a guy takes girl seriously when everytime they're together shes doesnt pay attention to her phone or anythin else but him
a man of ambition is capable of anything
no one looks back on their life and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep  smile 
i dream of a better tomorrow when chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned 
have you ever felt like you're wasting your potential?
i'm not lazy; i just need more sleep than the average person  smile 
wtf is flirty girl fitness??  surprise  so apparently they're teaching moms how to do video hoe's dance moves now
"if you watch cinderalla backwards, it's about a woman learning her place"
don't you hate that awkward moment when ur singing along w  the radio & mess up the lyrics  
hates when you come back and someone is sitting in your seat  > sad 
jammin out to lady gaga  smile 
i hate shopping with women it's like everything they ask you has a right or wrong answer   -_-
sometimes i wish the entire world was in the same time zone
my teacher just flipped us all the bird   i think i'm gonna like this class    smile 
"damn man, like 14 people got birthday's today!"
dude i hate people who lag it for days on end when they say they're going to do something   if you're that kind of person out of my life because time's to precious to be waiting on you 
now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy -g apollinaire
is finally watching (500) days of summer   
my mom is swearing up and down to me that <propfirst> springer is 100% real  -_-
at <propfirst>'s and these two bbws to my left are puttin in work!
"there's orange, grape, & strawberry soda but what about apple?"
dont you hate when you go somewhere and realize you forgot your shoes?
"was parking my car and bumped into a tree again   dammit, i need to quit getting distracted every time i see two punkers with green and pink hair  -_-"
"if tomatoes are a fruit, isn't ketchup technically a smoothie?"
"ya know, keeping a sense of humor can actually help you get through tough times, reduce stress and work through issues more easily "
last nite was fn crazy man haha
"you were born an original, don't die a copy"
my nephew thought i got married because he saw me and <propfemale> in our prom picture wearing suits and dresses with flowers lol!
"gotta thank mr palo for showing us \a class divided\"" were watching it in college and i feel ahead"""
dreams of one day seeing barrack obama doing the cat daddy 
"once you resolve a conflict don't bring it up in the future  never bring up old arguments, it will only make it worse "
ugh   might not go to zoo today  they're sayin it might flood around there a little later and we haven't even left yet  then again i was never really one to listen to safety warnings   laugh 
"you're human, making mistakes is a part of life, its how you fix them that counts"
i do not! look like a meerkat (timone) for the record >=[
"txt conversation: \me: umm, he's dead   \him: you moron   its not waht it sais? in wikipedia    he is not dead \me: (-_-)"
just drove by la <propfemale> and thought i was gonna be late getting back from lunch   annoyed 
am i wrong for headbanging to <propfemale> spears    i don't think so 
i just found a 3 month old bandaid in my sock  now that's a little bit gross
no matter how busy you are always make time for your significant other  if a person really wants to see u they will make a way and nothing in the world would stop them 
"when people stop communicating well, they stop relating well   lesson learned "
i wish whatever good dreams i had came true 
don't take your problems out on your significant other 
"\pistol grip pump on my left at all times!\"""""
when you hurt the people you love you end up hurting yourself when you're left alone with the snakes
"you wouldn't sell your soul for money, so why are you doing it for attention? be you "
don't you hate that awkward moment when you run over your own banana on <propfirst> kart?
nothing worse could happen to one than to be completely understood  - <propfirst> gustav <propfemale>
finally saw miss march haha
picks things up with my feet because i'm too lazy to bend down 
it's fn dumb that saying the alphabet backwards is part of the drunk test  i can't even do that sober 
