8ef5df2c7f9ebbe848e31956145542de
omfg i am bored someone save meeeeee!!!!!!
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!  i've been moving allllll weekend and haven't been able to get to my lappy, but thank you!"
real pirate wenches suck c0ck like it's gunna cum rum!
i'm off to get some lunch and walk the pup! it's way too nice out to spend it inside! picnic time!
"i have a couple of questions for everyone   who is your favrite visual artist?  why are they your favorite visual artist?  i wanna e playful and my knowledge, i wanna hear what everyone is passionate about!"
asses to the masses! they're great!
after i get off work tomorrow i'm thinking about going to the garden of the gods anyone wanna tag along?
"had an awesome bbq last night with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale> and lucus!  i hope we all can do it again soon or maybe go crawdad fishin!  mmm mmm finger lickin good!"
"angst - anxiety; suffering  depressed - 1, dejected  2, in a state of ecinomic depression  3, lowered in position, amount, intensity, etc  4, indented; concave  frustrate - prevent from fulfilling plans, hopes, etc ; balk; thwart; nullify  useless - without function or effect; not useful "
i am over all this bs!
i was so angry today i smashed my two water pipes and slashed up a pillow with a kitchen knife  i'm still not any less angry  got any suggestions for anger management?
"is it just me, or does it seem like social networking makes it nearly impossible to set personal boundaries and even more importantly makes it nearly impossible to keep these boundaries?"
i am awesome  i am a <propfirst> of trades with no real training  i fixed my vacuum and its running better than it has in memory!
"yeah, we rock, we rock, we rock, we rock to the new sensation! a new way on!"
anyone else addicted to fullmetal alchemist: brotherhood?
"i am so content, i am beginning to get bored out of my skull   as unhealthy as it sounds, god i could seriously go for a fight with someone!!!!"
anyone know of a company that is currently hiring?
"ok i try to avoid mushing over my bf, cuz well, it can be annoying when someone over gushes about their bfs, but, i am seriously missing <propfirst>, i wish saturday was here already so i could get in some serious huggles!"
"to all my friends i do not get to see or speak with that often, you are in my mind, and i do miss you all!  i appreciate the way you've been there for me in the past and i hope we can see each other again soon!"
"i turn on pandora, \knife going in\"" by <propfemale> and <propfemale> starts playing    and all i can think is 'how appropriate '"""
"this temp job is going well thus far, and it makes me happy i'll finally be getting in somewhat decent money   not much compared to what i used to get but more than i'm getting from unemployment   although i am a yo-yo when it comes to this <propfirst> stuff   i wish he could see the world through someone else's eyes to gain some new perspective "
"ever wake up cranky and it just won't go away?! yeah, its one of those days "
"sometimes changes are needed, but we are too stubborn to do it, and then change is thrust upon us   how you handle this sudden change, and how you over come it, thats what defines you, and makes you a better person "
"i dunno about you all, but i think i like my over grown shaggy hair and baby pink shirt!"
life is finally starting to feel right  woo!
"i have to say, there is little i find more satisfying than spending a few hours on the couch cuddling and kissing with a classic horror movie like \american werewolf in london\"" running in the background """
"to those of you who play farmville, i have a free code  the first to comment on this post will receive the code!"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair  play along!"
omfg having the best night ever! video games and chinese food and mountain dew! it could only get better if someone showed up with some woodchuck cider!
thank you everyone for the fond birthday wishes! hope you all are well and enjoying christmas week!
is it strange i find tremors more up lifting than any comedy i watched today?
"dear a-hole who won't pick up your dogs crap from the middle of the side walk, i did it for you, you disgusting, lazy jerk "
i've done nothing intee
i've done nothing interesting  *applauds her own averageness*
"i feel like being non existsant  i wish life would just go away for a lil while, i want sleep!"
fyi chicken bacon artichoke delite pizza from papa murphy's is friggin awesome!
"wow, life truly is like a two way street and to join it all you gotta do is walk out your front door  scary!"
where is my real life <propmale> bartowski?
i think i might be whiney today  note to self: stop being whiney!!
have you ever had a head ache that makes you feel like your face is melting?
"<propfemale> lisicka finally gave me my christmas present and it was awesome!  a rubber ducky blanket she made, and purple n' black striped socks aaannnnndddd dinosaurs!!!!  love   love   love "
"i'm growing tired of the \oh i forgot to tell you about that?\"""""
omfc! i am so addicted to orange sweethearts today!
"i know you can have a lazy eye, but can you have a lame lip?"
heres to hoping my new bed relieves my neck and back problems!
"ever run into a family who is so dumb, rotten and egotisical, you feel you have the right, ney the duty to discontinue them?"
"ugh! i so don't feel well, stomach won't stop hurting and feeling sick  i love you netflix for keeping me company when i can't sleep! so sleeping in tomorrow"
call of duty you are saving my sanity! and bringing family together awwww!
