f9fb70e617d9bb79caf45c426a66064d
ust finished playn with some fireworks a little bit ago  hope everyone had fun  no i get to clean and then try and fix my car some more  <propfemale> freakin haa
"you may see me smile when i talk, joke, and laugh but watch me when i'm not interacting with people watch the smile fade, and watch my eyes glaze over as the sadness returns"
im workin on gittin this thing all set up
danm  should i try an put all of my peotry and <propmale> pics up on here to?
i took an iq test……… the results were negative
are you staking me?(because that would be super!  wink 
ugh         its 1 am an here i am still freakan awake  god i hate enot sleeping
makin meatloaf for dinner  mmmmmm
ugh  another sleepless night  i blame you for me not being able to sleep!!!!!
yay its finally rainning  lets go play
breakfast for dinner  pancakes baccon egs and country style potatoes 
at pima tryin to get everything figured out
im <propmale>!!!! haha i wish but i gotseseses some money yay
"got my new desk set up  bored out of my freakin mind, but its sprinkeling"
goin into town to get taco <propfemale> and mice for my snake  yummy
urg its 11 30 and i have to be up in a few hours  why the hell cant i sleep? god i need you next to me so i can sleep  sad 
omg now its after 1am  and i have to be up in a few hours  why the hell cant i sleep? god i need you next to me so i can sleep  sad 
how long without sleep do they consider slep deprivation?
another night with no sleep
its raining while there are blue skies out  only in tucson
hmmm        
"god i love and hate family  ok so i went to my great grandmothers house today and i wasnt even there for five minutes and this is what she said to me \what the hell is wrong with you? why are you deppressed and not your self?\"" i hadnt even been there and she kinda knew  hmmmmm   i guess atleast someone cares enough to notice"""
is running around his room trying to find his invisible gun while the pink monkeys are chasing after him with laser guns
is goin fishing tonight  anyone wanna join?
is advising every one not to be some one else' second best
why is it that everyone needs my help when i dont feel like doing anything?  sad  i guess maybe its just the worlds way of telling me to keep doin stuff  sad 
"yesterday the police came over and told me \we are going to escort you to a special place\""  i answered escort! special place! omg it's a vacation!\"""""
is in need of a good time with friends!
"wishes i could tell you, how beautiful you really are, how fast my heart beats every time your around, i wish you could see me and love me"
just back from an interview in hell and it doesn't look good  i was told i was over qualified   sad 
"sleep   what did i do to make you so mad at me, to just leave my life? i'm sorry   whatever i did i promise i won't do it again, just come back   please!"
"feels like running through mcdonald's naked yelling \i'm the other white meat\"""""
"i'm going to be nice to you whether you like it or not  we might end up friends, or it may drive you crazy   either way, i win!"
has finally accepted that he will never be good enough for anyone  heart-broken 
"i'm done putting everyone else as a priority in my life, when i'm only an option in there's   annoyed "
"wie sind sie denn zu lieben , wenn die person noch nicht einmal weiß, du liebst sie?"
"wie sind sie denn zu lieben , wenn die person noch nicht einmal weiß, du liebst sie?"
"im making breakfast for dinner  pancakes, suasage, bisquits and gravy, country style potatoes and possibly eggs  anyone wanna join?"
i think ive lost my muchness  i use to be much muchier
wow 2 30 and still no sleep
goin to eat at ihop
"one question, one honest answer! that's all you get  you get to ask me one question  (only to my inbox) any question, anything, no matter what it is"
"ok so at this point my blood pressure is outragious  its so high that i have a killer migrane, blured vision, and uncontrolable muscle spasms   can life get any worse??"
i have school tomorow at 7 
yay its rainying  smile 
danm  just finished part of my philosophy work  tired and bored now  it feels good to be back in school tho
sittin here at pima waiting for the next class 
ugh  gettin ready for the day at the school  not a good day already
anyone at pcc nw? ive got some time to blow 
new addition of a pic up  let me know what you think of it
ugh!!!! 12 15 am and i still cant freakin sleep  this is driving me nuts 
i would love nothing more than to just punch someone right in the fucking face
i just feel like an empty shell of a person who needs to be thrown away and forgot about
"body says sleep, my head says sleep, my eyes say sleep   so why cant i sleep?!"
"wonders if there is a dimmer switch for the sun, you know, just to turn the heat down ever so slightly, to like 110 degrees out side   "
i love you! but i can't tell you cuz i'm afraid of what you will say  and i fear that awkward moment    sad 
wishes my brain had an off button when i'm ready to go to sleep    i like sleep but apparently my brain doesn't agree with me        *sigh*        *yawn*
"no one notices how much i do, until i don't do it any more "
i was volunteered by my family to do work up in globe  so my weekend is gonna be spent working  danm this is shit
im makin some dinner  special chicken an potatoes with vegies and somethin else but im not sure yet  mm
getting ready to leave town  ill be back tomorow mid-day
i just go tback into town  yeee haaa  hows everyone doin?
god im <propfemale> freakin bored
ugh another morning  awake way to freakin early 
now im sitting at pima  anyone doin anything fun tonight?
"im looking for my peace of mind, or a piece of my mind  i haven't figured out which yet "
ugh  i'm sitting in philosophy listening to a lecture
is anyone doing anything fun tonight?
how do you talk to someone and try and help them when they dont think they need the help?
ugh  spending my saturday bored so now im cleaning and then making dinner later  ugh
goin shoot tomorow  gonna blow shit up  smile 
"she’s that kind of stop you right in your tracks\knock you out just like that\something you just cant e playful lain\that kind of blows your mind every time\that you thought you’d never find\she’s that kind,that kind of beautiful"
"she’s that kind of stop you right in your tracks\knock you out just like that\something you just can’t e playful lain\that kind of blows your mind every time\that you thought you’d never find\she’s that kind\that kind of beautiful"
hellz yeah  i have free use of a jeep  smile  here i come desert  shooting and then 4 wheeling tomorow  smile 
i wish you could see me the way that i see you
"good morning and good night, depending on where you live  for me it is an extremely late night and a very early morning  going to bed at midnight and waking up at 4  yay not  sad "
"i wish you would start some of our conversations, because if i start all of them i feel like i am bothering you     sad "
ive been so busy thiking and distracted by thinking about it that i ate chineese food for lunch and ordered tea and poured the sugar in my soup instead of my tea  sad  i hate thinking about it
ugh  its 10 smile 0 and im only half way through my homework  i dont think im gonna get any sleep before school tomorow  danm  i wish i had somethin in life to look forwarw to  sad  but oww well thats life i guess  the one you want always end up with someone else
the beggining of this is how i feel and this is what i need  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=yk3zs7ev6tk     not a good day
poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like this status if your my friend  write me if you ever want a relationship with me 
ok so i guess im not watching the baby today  so i guess ill cruise into town
new blog up  go read if you want to   http annoyed  www myspace com mine2411 blog
"i shouldn't love you   but i do  i shouldn't want you   but i do  you make me smile when i'm in the worst situation possible, and you make me happy, and for that i thank you  had a good night last night"
"im giving out a free ticket too ask me anything you want to  just message me, or if yo dont want me to know how asked the question use the \honesty box\"""""
ugh just got home from helpin a friend  now i have another 3 or 4 hours of homework to do and ten wake up at 5 to go to school  ugh im sooo freakin tired
"okay so there's this thing called sleep and i hear its really awesome,   but i dont seem to be able to find it  i've looked and looked but its not here"
"ok question of the day  what is your biggest turn on? answr if your brave  c'mon u can do it, it will be our little secret"
am i really that worthless to everyone? nothing even seems like its worth the effort i put into life anymore
your friend doesn't always just have to be just a friend if you love them 
likes camping and wants to go camping   anyone up for a camping adventure? im lleaving in 2 weeks  smile 
maybe i look happy but if you cared enough to take one second to ask then you would know how i really feel and how bad things have become
happy    hyper    hurting    angry    annoyed    lonely    upset  i've got the color spectrum of emotions covered for today  my work is done! yay! <<sarcasm  sad 
yay its finally raining  i hope it lastes for a while  smile 
is in an open relationship with alcohol   and it's complicated
                      is suffering from chronic soberness
if you tickle me    i will bite you
i just found the wierdest bug thingy ever  i think it a larva  i got a few of them and now im gonna try and gow them and see what they turn into
wants to know     what was the first thing you thought of when u woke up this morning ????  answers below please  smile 
im grillin at the park tonight for the family  playin some ball an hangin out with the family  hopefully itll be fun  smile 
"says good morning, to all those people who love mornings! for the rest of my friends, i'll try to tone it down until you're awake!"
"*~* i am stuck between a rock and a hard place, and my mind is in a thousand places, and i just don't know what to think anymore!*~*"
"another day, another tear, another wish, that you were here "
camping trip next weekend has been postponed till the weekend of the 30th
ok i'm up   now what!?
had a long talk with myself    it did not end well   so i'm sending myself to bed early   night
comment if you think all schools should have nap time for all grades
"im 100% sick and feel like crap today  headache light headed, dizzy and kinda nauseous i'm in need of a big hug    any offers  sad "
is anyone else still up at this ungodly hour of the night?
i  goin to the gym  anyone wanna join?
mmmm  im gonna be having wings for dinner  smile  yummy  god your amazing <propfemale>
have yo ever wanted to be with someone for sooooo long and then reaslied that if you where with them it probably wouldnt work out? i dont know its cuz it wouldnt work out or if its just my mind making reasons cuz i cant be with her right now  ????i have no freakin clue??????
hey dude  make sure that you log out of facebook next time  luckily i am a nice person  take care  love 
ugh  just got back from school
omg  i freakin hate dogs  i just spend the last hour fixing the cooler line cuz the f***king dog uncovered it and chewed it up 
"we are all going to hell, and i am driving the bus! get in sit down and try to keep the screams to a minimal!"
im freakin tired  i jst spent the last 8 hours rewiring a friends house  god i hate being so nice some times but i guess thats what friends are for  smile 
"make someone in your life feel special today, give them a hug for no apparent reason  good morning world"
ugh  up at 6 am on a saturday  you best be happy <propfemale>  smile  good morning all and have a great day
when you talk to me i would like nothing more than to kiss you right then and there
"has absolutely nothing funny, witty or uplifting to say today   i'm just to tired of it "
"always mean what you say and say what you mean, for there is no greater hurt than deception,and misleading someone or being mislead              "
"at one point, a guy will stop chasing you, and you'd wish you'd let him catch you "
i just caught a 4 foot snake in the front yard  now im gettin his tank ready
"ok the snake is 6 feet not 4  but its cool, i got his cage all set up"
is raining <propfemale> haa  hopefully itll stay raing for a couple of days
!#$%   &*%#@!#  #$%%!  ^%#!%#  @^&#!%$^  #$%!   !$*@^^%$@$  @$^*@  &^   grrrrrrrrrrr
hello stalker   i'm doing fine  how are you? thanks for checking up on me 
"she's my friend, so just remember this, if you break her heart again i will break your fucking face! got it?!?!?!?!?!?!?! good!  wink "
im watching the cutest and most amazing baby ever  smile 
is as bored as a nun at a porn shop!
"ugh  long ass day, im tired and my whole body is sore but tomorow should be fun "
had a great day today play in the mud an 4x4ing  smile  but i feel like shit and my whole body hurts an i got a killer headache
ve got an interview on thursday  smile  wish me luck
"im the type that no matter how much pain hi'm in, i'll will still go about my day making everyone else happy yup i'm unstoppable!"
don't ask me where i'm going because i don't know  my heart is telling me one thing but my head is telling me another  what should i do?
"what would you do if i ran to your house, ran through your front door and tackle you to the floor? a) like it  b) scream  c) laugh d) other(list what it is)"
gonna go carve pumkins with the family and go swimming
i just got back  smile  i spent almost 3 hours carving 1 pumpkin but it was cool and it made my grandma cry  ill upload pics in a little bit
i just got back a littlr bit ago  smile  i spent almost 3 hours carving 1 pumpkin but it was cool and it made my grandma cry  i uploaded 1 pic of it and ill load more soon
i thibk i just made the most racist pumpkin ever  ill load pics in a few
ok pics of my me new pumkin are up  sorry for those of you that it will offend
"night is usually for sleep and morning is usually for you to be awake, so why is it do i feel like sleeping all morning and staying up all night  ?"
"some say they know you, but when it comes right down to it, do they really? do you  really know them? sometimes they don't even bother to know the real you "
is there someone in your life who you just don't feel important to anymore   it hurts to realize you've grown apart and you're the only one who cares   sad 
time for me to go find my fake smile    i'm going be needing it for tomorrow
caution         im suffering from a serious lack of sleep today 
"depression, feeling like crap and not understanding why, or even knowing why and not being able pull yourself out of it  if you know the answer, please post it "
"have you ever wished that you were little again, when your toughest decisions was trying to choose what crayon to eat"
haha i cant wait till tuesday  maybe there is a god out there smewhere  hopefully my life will start to turn around soon  smile 
this is why i don't trust people and why i don't ask for help   when i trust i get burned time and time again    so now the wall goes back up__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l ok so ill put a couple more up this time just in case
i just got $150 worth of stuff for my bow for free  smile  time to go huntin oww and i have a backpacking trip comin up as soon as i figure out my work schedule  haha im sooo freakin exited
good morning to those who are up  good night to those who just got in  and afternoon to those who read it later 
just go thome from work  smile  it feels good to be working again
is being really nice today  so you can comment below and ask me any question you want  and i promise i wont lie  
ugh i have to leave tomorow at 6 am for school and then right after go to work untill 8 smile 0  busy day  you guys should come and visit me
"ugh just got back from work, im gonna head to bed and try and get some sleep  see y'all in the morning"
is not sure if life is passing me by or trying to run me over!
"whenever  i've  needed you to be my friend, you were nowhere to be found  when you look around and realize i was the only real friend you ever had,  ill be gone"
i just got back from work  hows everyone doin? ive got alittle bit to relaxe and then wings  smile 
ugh i have to work from 9 smile 0 thursday night till 6:45 friday morning  and to make it even better its at toys-r-us for black friday  grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
i can't think of a combination of swear words strong enough to describe how i feel
happy thanks giving everyone  smile 
oh my fucking god  i just go toff of work and it was freakin crazy  no sleep since thursday so im gonna try and go to sleep  night and morning world  smile 
back from work  school work in the morning then surprise b day party for my day
"holy cow its if freakin cold  i slept like shit last night and its hurts to breath, what an amazing day already"
have you ever felt so alone it hurts? that's how i feel now  sad 
ugh i just got home from work  i was suppose to be off earlyer but the boss wanted me to stay for an extra 3 freakin hours  i hurt
"ugh got off of work an then went an fixed a friends bathroom floor  i am so freakin tired  you own me <propfemale>  smile  but dinner was good, thank you  and in the morning inm going hunting at 5 and then straight to work after that and then get together at my house yeehaa im gonna die from being tired x-("
had a good day kinda  worked longer then i should have and ate way to much so now my tummy hurts but a good day  smile 
message me and tell me one thing you like about me and in return i will tell you something i like about you
good morning world  how are my fellow facebookers doing today?
ugh  ok so i was on my way to the gym and a friend called me to help them cuz there water line was busted and the danm thing was 4 5 feet in the freakin ground  i just spent the last 4 hours digging in mud and now i look like i am mud  no foot sice breakfast but i think im gonna have subway in a little bit  i hate being me
one of my snakes is dead  and my head hurts and im really dehydrated  what an amazing day
"a normal person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, got hurt or is fighting for your freedom please post"
i have a headache from hell  anyone wanna take it for me?
good night morning world  smile 
oh my freakin god  its 11 30 and i just got home  started off at work then decorated my grandma's yard for christmas and now i have to study and then working in the yard in the morning then work all after noon then more studying then school  smile  i fucking hate being so busy  im going insane
"is feeling sad, useless, unappreciated, upset, hurt, unimportant, miserable  just blah all together  but who cares right !"
its way to early in the morning to up and moving  and now i have to get ready for school and for finals  annoyed  i hpe everyone is having a good day
"its 1 and i just finished putting lights up at my house and it lights up the entire front yard but it doesnt feel very christmasy, it feels more hawaiian and like there should be a night time bbq or something"
i think work and school are the reasons why alcohol was created  wink 
ugh workin on the car then work
"when your having a bad day just remember that just because things are like this now, doesn't mean they always will be "
"is truly tired, body, heart, and soul   when will things get better?"
omfg i just got of of working a 9 hour shift and i have to be up in like 5 hours and its gonnna take me a few to get to sleep  then i have work tomorow too  im sooo tired
ok so i just got the fuel pump and the gas tank back in my car and now my battery is dead  grrrr  and on top of that the bank hasnt proccessed my check yet so im broke  butmy car should be running and legal by christmas i hope
"im tired of getting treated like crap,i do everything to please, but im never appreciated i might as well bang my head against a wall, it would hurt less"
ok so i spent the last of my money on parts for my car this morning an then went to work  i just got dont puttin my car back together exept for 1 piece  now i have to wait till morning to see if the monster will run again
ok so i just got fired alittle bit ago  <propfemale> god danm fuckin christmas to everyone
just got my laptop from my gma  but i got fired so im still pissed but oww well what can i do  now i have to go and look for another job
ust got back from the desert museam with the family  its was prettty fun
"lets see who actually knows me?\1)first name? 2)middle name (spell it right)? 3)age? 4)b-day? 5)eye color? 6)nickname? 7)fave color?  smile fave sport?"
ok so the dmv didnt go very well but i should be able to register my car tomorow and my transmition is having issues but on the bright side its raining outside
holy shit its snowed twive today  its a miracle
so ive been stuck at downtown pima for like 2 hours now cuz my danm car fucked up  hopefully i got it fixed so i can atleast make it home
sorry i havent been online guys  we had a house fire and no electricity out here  everyone ok tho just tough
im way too young to be feeling this damn old!!!
i'm gonna do things a little different  today you write my status  post comments on what you would want me to say   wink 
"have you ever felt all alone but have no idea as to why you feel that way? yea, that's me right now  *sigh*"
good night world  ok i guess its morning now but im gonna try an finally get some sleep  nighty night
well i got the beast(my car) running again  its doin better then it has in a long time  another busy day tomorow
when your willpower seems to have vanished        you can always fall back on stubbornness       it has saw me through many difficult situations  im hoping this will be one of those situations
"   was all snuggled up and warm in bed, sleeping and having a wonderful dream, then the monday shovel came and smacked me in the face "
im so tired that every inch of my body hurts and my tiredness is tired
"i might get paid to take a road trip to florida next month  nice weather, beaches  anyone wanna join?"
at school  its the start of another semester  lets hope it goes good
"well good night everyone  ok i guess its morning time but oww well, night night"
have you ever closed one eye and pretended to squish someones head with your index and thumb  yeah its one of those days
ok so no road trip to florida and im down $1000 and a bunch of furniture  what a great fucking day
"it's not that i hate you it's just that            ok, lets put it this way  if you were on fire and i had water  i would drink the water "
"knows that some people work hard every day and are never appreciated while others sit on their asses , do nothing, and get all the credit  why is that?"
wonders should i cross that line?  i know i shouldn't but i really want to
sittin here at pima deciding if i wanna go back to class or <propfemale> out for a little bit or go home
nighty night facebook world  time to try and sleep before a long day of work smile 
got alot done today  going shooting tomorow  hopfully ill be able to get my ow all sighted in  and the whole family is goin so we got like 40 guns going
"i went around and asked if there are too many illegal aliens in arizona , 22% said yes, 17% said no, the other 61%  said, \me no speaka english \"""""
"it may look like i know what i'm doing most of the time, but i have no freakin' clue   "
ok so now my car is having more issue  almost got stuck in town cuz of the danm thing  now i either have to spend $500 on parts to rebuild my transmission or  like $250 on a used tranny when i dont have a dollar to my name  what the hell am i going to do?
"ok so after along time alot of money and alot of work at 10 smile 0 pm it was confirmed tat my car \the beast\"" is running better then evr before  smile  yay"""
ok so i officialy feel like conplete shit
realizes i care way to much for people that don't care nearly enough!
"im tired, stressed, exhausted and in need of a hug "
"is tired, stressed and in need of a big hug, a really long vacation and a very strong alcoholic drink  thank god for jager"
"<propfirst>'s day- just another way to remind us single people that we're alone and unloved  gee, thanks hallmark! oh, and die cupid because you suck!"
im goin for chineese for lunch  anyone wanna join?
i feel like im losing everything that ever mattered  and there is nothing left to care about 
"when nothin else is right, the water draws comfort to my soul "
"good morning all  today is brought to you by the letter f  as in fun, freaky, fast, fuzzy, frisky    all aboard the friday train  laugh "
i spent most of my day in town and the restworking on my kayak  i got my fishing liscence so watch out fish vuz im gonna catchin you again and my kayak should be all finishd by tomorow so maybe sunday ill take it to the lake and try it out an o fish  anyone wanna join?
send me a message of something you have always wanted to tell me but haven't been able to  or just send me a message to say your thinking about me  
im gonna go take the kayak out for its maden voyage and try and fish before this storm gets here
"ok no fishing today, its to <propfemale>  maybe tonight or tomorow"
"backache: check; headache: check; soreness: check; it's official, i ache and could really use a good massage   any offers???"
so im levin my house at 5 smile 0 to go fish
"one <propmale>    you can ask me up to 5 questions, to my in box, anything you want, and i will answer honestly   "
"so i left at 5 smile 0 and i just got from ishing  caught some fish and had a good time, anytime any of you wanna go ish let me know and ill join ya  wink "
"say's \are you insinuating that i should tolerate this diabolical insubordination from an individual whose mental capacity barely exceeds that of a lima bean?\"""""
so today i was going to leave and my god danm piece of shit car fucked up again  grrrrrrrrrrr i hate this car  so its kinda running and i have more work to d tomorow on it
so i have an appointment to try and make the doctor cost less so i can actually go an see a doctor and try and figure out whats wrong with me and them maybe some fishing tonight
nighty night world
the root of loneliness grows from the lack of being needed by someone 
"has a riddle for you  what comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?\leave a comment if you think you know the answer "
fill in the blank: one day you an i should ___?
i ust spent the last 7 hours playing in the snow  smile  had a blast
this is one holiday where our full-blown alcoholism could possibly go undetected    so im gonna tart celebratng early  smile  happy early st  <propfemale>'s day!!
hows everyone doin today? at school gettin ready for class an there till 8 at night   i hate this stupid night class thing  anyone doing anything fun this week?
i seem to start my day backwards  i wake up tired and i go to bed wide awake! well time for a movie
"too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around"
is going to look at a boat after school  it suppose t be like a little speed boat but it needs a motr but we happen to fave a couple so maybe we'll have a seed boat soon
so if i can come up with a trailer for transport i have a fishing boat  its a project but it would be fuckin awsome 
so i probably did the most responsible thing ive done in a long time  i decided not to get the boat cuz i dont have the extra time or money for it  sad 
ya its one of those daysr  bad mood and nothinh is going right
be warned i am in such a foul mood today that even satan is quaking in his boots!! the next person to piss me off better come prepared with a body bag!!
"95% of american drivers say \oh sh*t!\"" before driving their car into a ditch  the other 5% are rednecks and they say \""hold my beer and watch this sh*t!\"""""
my biggest fear is that i will become too comfortable with the idea of being lonely for the rest of my life 
i'm starting to feel more and more distant as the days pass in front of my eyes   but i can't e playful lain why 
goin fishin in the morning  and then some work  anyone wanna join?
ever had one of those days where you just wish a telemarketer would call so you could release some of your verbal aggressions out on them?
at school for way to freakin long an then maybe fishing afterwards
i'm not insane!!!  i am voluntarily indifferent to conventional rationality    smile 
today has been an ok day  workin on the house( im looking for pics from before i started but i toold in the process and ill take some later today) and then going to fix a truck and then tonight maybe going fishing so we can have some fresh fish for my great grandmothers b-day tomorow
ao i just got all the stuff to start the tear down of the house  gonna move everything out of the way today and tape it all off and then start the tear down either tonight or tomorow  with me luck
7 hours of just moving crap in the house to prep for the real work  more movie shit tomorow and hopefully start the tear down on wendesday
so everything is all done and ready for me to start the acttual demolition of the house
i just uploaded some of the pics from the begging of the demolition
happy st  patricks day (its my day  smile  ) worked all morning and now gonna go have dinner with the family  i hope everyones day was good
"is under system failure right now due to being over worked, under paid, and exhausted   "
tired as hell but almost done with the work  oe more day and the demolition should be done  the family is gettting together tomorow for fry bread  smile  yummmmmmm
this is way to early to up and moving aroung  owww well i guess ill start working again
"has been working so much, that he is somewhere between exhausted and dead  looking forward to a day off that'll be in like 3 weeks  sad  oww well, night night everyone"
"good morning, my fellow facebook freaks  hope you all have a great day and don't get in any unwanted trouble   unless you invite me, of course "
i would rather be tried by 12 of my peers than carried by 6 of my friends!
the definition of trust: two cannibals giving each other a blow job
at 7 minutes and 8 sec  after 6 a m  on september 10th 2011 it will be 6: 07: 08 09-10-11
"i miss the days i felt i could do no wrong, lately it feels i can do no right, and the harder i try the worse it gets"
sitting in class bullshiting with the teach cuz all the class work is done and we still have 1 hour an 45 minutes left of class
so my life just got alot easyer  working on the house tomorow and maybe some fishing tomorow evening
"this morning i had full intentions of not drinking, then i started to work, guess i will try again tomorrow     cheers!"
"ok its official, the pitcher house is now safe for the public  all the haz mat hits all done "
"fishin, when nothin else is right, the water draws comfort to my soul "
"finished fishin  only got a couple but ow well  so my little sis got her permt today so i might go take her out driving in the morning as long as shes good, then shool in the afternoon"
"everyone is constantly reminding me that, the situation could always be worse  but, i just can't seem to forget that, it could be better "
knows its gotten really bad when all i look forward to is going to bed at night 
if you don't like my driving don't walk on the sidewalk at night  
ok so im taking 2 of my brothers and my sister fishing in the morning at 5 am  ive got my kayak tied to the top of my car and the truck stuffed with chairs tackle boxes an all the good stuff  this'll be interesting   anyone else wanna join?ill be there all morning (silverbell lake down by the river)
all done fishing  now i have to clean the car cuz its freakin dirty  then more work on the house  and im super hungry
so since im waiting on trusses for the hose im building a tortoise pen  smile 
so we got a pool today an i got it all set up so now its filling  smile 
"so i got the out side of the pen done, its all redwood (ill upload pics in a little while) and the pool is all set up an ready but i have to my little brother to school so maybe swimming tonight"
this isn't hell  this is where you get sent when you've been bad in hell 
"when you continuously receives rejection from the people you love the most, you slowly back away until you realize you don't care anymore "
so i broke my foot the otherday and now today i threw my back out so now it freakin hurts to  sad  but i got the tortoise yard and house build  smile  now i just have to cover the house with alot of dirt and it'll almost be all the way done  tryng to finish that tomorow and then school then maybe fishing if i feel good eough after school
"funny words           apodysophilia, gynotikolobomassophile, philopornist, philalethist, philocaly , philogyny"
so the plan is that im camping next wednsday through sunday  smile  hellzzzzzz yeah
"wanted: cool weather, biting fish, campfire smoke, the sound of crickets, & a cold drink in one hand and my pole in the other!!"
"i have no status today, so write one for me!"
super bored
i sleep better naked   why can't the flight attendant understand this?
thinks it's hotter than 2 sweaty rats humpin' in a wool sock behind a clothes dryer in north africa mid-summer at high noon
"in box me something you've always wanted to tell me and i'm not aloud to tell anyone, its between me and you  put this as your status and see what you get"
it is sooo hot here that i just saw the devil chasing an ice cream truck!
i just uploaded pics of my latest project  smile 
is ready to disconnect from reality now   see ya 
got my little brothers 18th b-day party today  smile 
"has nothing clever to say at the moment   please stay tuned for my normal witty, charming, sarcastic self right after this important  break!"
"right side of the grass? check  character defects? check  joy of living? check  amazement? check  yep, still human  morning folks!"
"i'm like the white crayon in the box  most people think i'm pointless, but i'm there to cover things up when the other crayons are coloring outside the lines!"
i'm hungry!are u hungry? i'm hungry !whose hungry? i'm hungry! what was the question??
packing for camping an then trying to sleep before i leave in the morning
