da0db1524a5fbae236d441fea43bb0d0
happy new year!!!!  wooooooooo        woo    hgud yerah!!!
i do believe i had way too much to drink last night    don't remember much!
alabama clinches sec west championship!!  ala-24 lsu-15
ready for alabama to whoop that azz!
sez alabama needs to wake up and play some football   
alabama ftw!  suck it auburn
"just got off of work, bored out of my mind    where does jeopardy come up with these questions?"
nothing really on my mind    wednesdays are boring though
i found about 6 grey hairs on my head     i'm getting old lol
bored at work   
ready to party tonight   
happy f'in new year!!!!!!!
it's so 1:11 on 1-1-11
roll tide!!!!
alabama dominated   
steelers are dominating!!
"fixing to go to sleep, i'm going to be out of town all next week working!  can't wait!"
stupid ass healthcare   
sleep   
<propfirst> is back!!!! yay
<propfirst> is gone   
staying out of town is boring   
meeting with mississippi dept  of transportation in the morning to  check some scales    woo   
   
butler is boring    there is absolutely nothing to do here!
tool is touring again this summer!!!  yay!
"tool - sat 6 19 - new orleans, la @ uno arena   tickets go on sale either may 8th or the 15th   not sure yet   "
brewton    yay   
driving to montgomery every friday is getting boring 
we now have internet!!!!!!!!
off to mississippi i go   
"is sitting in gulfport, quietly contemplating on how he can make this week go by faster   "
thank you to all my peeps that wished me a happy b-day!!!
"thank you to all my \peeps that wished me a happy b-day!!! + <propmale>!"
can't wait to see tool tonight!
enjoying my new iphone 3gs
off to work i go
"stp, 311, 30 seconds to mars, better than <propmale>, and cowboy mouth at pensacola beach festival october 15!"
"watching prison break, which is awesome if you didn't know "
man it's hot!  just found a wifi hotspot at thyssenkrupp    awesome!
"ok, yesterday was hot    but today was omg hot!"
"just got to my hotel in monroeville, it's quiet   "
time to get an early start on the work day   
"you know what to do g, just bust a move   "
work   
is heading out to thyssenkrupp today
is exhausted   
"off to bed, have to work in monroeville in the morning   "
    too    early   
finally got my iphone 3gs with 4 0 jail-broken!
just got off work    bleh
37 hours of overtime in the past two weeks
"sitting at thyssenkrupp in the rain, what a lovely friday 13th!"
still raining   
red bull gives you wings 0 0
hungover    from brets awesome birthday extravaganza!
work
"enjoying my samsung galaxy s   surprisingly, it keeps up with my iphone 3 gs!"
i dint even know what's going on      
"finally, off work!"
scheisse!
i'm travelin' down the road and i'm flirtin' with disaster!
it's gonna be a close game   
who dat!
sitting @ pensacola <propfemale> auto with <propmale> <propmale>
<propmale> now has a new car!
rmft!!!
!!!!!!!!
this ostrich thinks i'm a lady!
rooooolllllllll tiiiiiiiiiide
just got back from my first workout of many!
the foo is spectacular   
off to the gym!
blah   
come on bama!
"horrible first half, but saiban will light a fire under their ass during half time"
roll flippin' tide!!  what a game   
bayfest!!!!!
got to meet the drummer from sick puppies at paddy's!!!!!!!!
office lunch for the win!
"has the sickness, and is not down with it   "
"i believe south <propfemale> just blew it,  roll tide!!"
got called in to work    yay
out of town i go   
"oh my goodness, this hotel no longer has internet   "
bush was freakin awesome!  best performance at deluna fest so far 
"just met lex, <propfirst> and <propfirst>!  got pics!"
roll tide!!1!!
work @ 3 in the morning   
still working   
go!!!  bwah!
hangin with <propfirst>!
wedding rehearsals are weird!
"cool story, <propmale> and i ended up with all the food from the dinner   all of it!  even the sweet tea, cake and utensils"
"just watched \the crazies\""    creepy   """
"seriously!?  someone shoot these <propfirst> wagons commentating this game   we just spent the last 20 <propfemale>  talking about fig <propmale>!  let's watch the game, shit!"
"q: whats with all the q n a's?\a: i have no clue   "
just met a mexican named <propmale>   
"finally!  i'm out of the boonies and now have signal, woo hoo"
finally home from work    bleh
friday!!
"wow, pretty foggy this morning!"
got off work early!!!
turkey day!!!
good game   
"wow, sudden temperature drop outside   "
angry beavers!!!!!!!!
go steelers!  #1 afc
gsp is a beast!
"it is so cold, my boots freeze to the wet concrete with every step!"
"it's official, i no longer have feeling in my hands lol   "
heading to work    too early!
maury cristmas!!!
work   
stp @ the hard rock in biloxi 2 20 11
"in this world no one leaves alone  \for the only way we leave is in death and in death my friends ya leave with one thing and that one thing is pride  \and pride throughout changes in time between the sky that you love to the ground that you hate   pride between everything that once was your pride, can never die "
awesome night!!!  best one in a while!
touchdown!!!!  it's about time!
"holy crap, the black eyed peas are sucking it up!!"
crap!!!!
why the hell does gulfport biloxi have 3g tmobile    and mobile doesn't?
mmmmm     sub <propmale>!
headed to <propfemale>     yawn   
"watch the end from dying eyes, now the dark is taking over  show me where forever dies, take the fall and run to heaven  all is lost again, but i'm not giving in \i will not bow, i will not break, i will shove the world away! i will not fall, i will not fade, i will take your breath away! and i'll survive, paranoid  i have lost the will to change  and i am not proud, cold blooded, fake! i will shove the world away   "
bleh!
"drinking beer, grilling chicken   smile "
"shoot me, please   "
headed outa town   
mmmmm    breakfast!
ready for 1630 to get here   
hurry up and wait   
*winning*
