f792729b9ce8a31b2be682b8f56abbd7
oh 
"soooo     store it      but, hurry, because        the feds are coming!!!!!!!!"
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5 annoyed ovable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: annoying  26: rude  27:boring
whooohoo!!! we have almost a ft of snow and its still snowing!!!! whooohoo!!! (again)
snow days are amazing!!!
"they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me  if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world  most people will be to ashamed or scared to do that"
"is bored with his profile picture, and is going to put a picture of himself, until he can find the coolest penguin image possible "
"is about to leave for the 7 -hour church volleyball tournament, and he is psyched!!!!!  pumped!!!!!! whooooohoooo!!!! volleyball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is depressed 
"has no buddies to <propfemale> out with in school      <propfirst>, why don't you guys move up to ny? then we could <propfemale> out all the time like we used to      lol      yeah, i have about 5 or 6 friends, and most are at church, and the ones who are at school don't want to <propfemale> out  so that's why i am depressed "
loves composing music!!!!!! whoooohooooo!!!!!!!!
only 331 days till christmas!!!!!!!!! everyone start making your lists!!!!
only 329 days till christmas!!!!
only 327 days till christmas!!!!!
is lonely
"whoooohoooo! half a bajillion feet of snow!! check out my new album! \snoww!!!\"""""
"wow    i am chatting with two people at once      talking aout eating human flesh       i have waaaay too much 1  spare time 2  dead bodies laying around 3  imagination, and waaaay too little 1  food 2  self restraint, and absolutely no 1  life 2  clue as to what's going on 3  salt to make the human flesh taste better         "
does anyone know how to create a facebook group??
d: we're moving  annoyed   annoyed   sad         i'm gonna cry     
i have decided to write a book 
"fish are friends! not food! (except catfish, they are delicious)"
"has anyone ever noticed that if you touch the tips of your index fingers together and relax your vision, it looks like there is a third double-sided finger in the middle?"
"if you wanna kiss \me \like\"" this status  if you love me put a heart ?   if your my friend \",f792729b9ce8a31b2be682b8f56abbd7,"my entire life is one of those \you had to be there\"" jokes    """
"\whiskey lullaby by <propfemale> krauss brad paisley\"""""
"hm    guitar, soccer, writing, reading, composing, working out     how can i possibly need another hobby? but i do \\   or maybe i just need friends   annoyed "
whoohoo! let the thunder roll!!!
i hate it when no one talks to you on facebook    because then you really have a problem  (no one has had a conversation with me for several weeks)
is leaving for indiana next thursday 
someone just kill me now   
goodbye ny   
my train of thought just derailed right in the middle of indianapolis    there were no survivors 
i love the way you lie by eminem
the bourne identity  oh yeah   love 
"i am in a very weird mood    if anyone wants to ask me any questions, i promise i will answer honestly  laugh  (cross my heart)  but if it is embarassing, please send it in a message   wink  i am soooo gonna regret this, but whatever     lol"
depressed    message me!! be on tomorrow   probably   
" playful  what is the spanish phrase for \oh my gosh it's gonna eat me!!!\"""""
is finally getting his own cell phone!!!!  joyful  everyone give me your <propfirst>!! haha
and i officially have a cell phone!!!  yay i am so happy!!
ok my # is 317-797-3256
the only exception - paramore  smile 
"everyone, who said happy birthday, thanks!! i can't comment on all of them  laugh "
dropped my phone in the dark somewhere while trick-or-treating   so i have no phone right now 
"yeahh we just got in a car wreck  playful  everyone's ok, just a bit shaken up, but the car is totaled  playful "
just finished the last performance of our school musical pirates of penzance    i am like super depressed that it is over  annoyed  this has to be one of the best e playful eriences that i've had in my school career  smile    and it's over already  i can't believe it 
 wink  if 10 people comment on this i will upload a picture of me - shirtless!!  laugh 
"hey anybody who can come to a new years party at my house, send me a message and we can work out detail, ok?  laugh "
"she is sexy - you like her for her looks\she is cute - you like her for her mind\she is beautiful - you love her for her soul  smile "
throwing up sick    i feel like i'm gonna die    text me   d:
es en mi gato  lol <propmale> that was hilarious!!  laugh 
is it sad that the only love i have right now is my guitar??  laugh  only alot   
"my heart and prayers go out to all of those and families of those in japan, and also to the fukushima fifty who are braving the nuclear radiation to try and contain the damage done to the reactors and save lives    i hope things even out soon, for everyone's sakes "
you know those people who are so cool but who don't have a facebook? that's why they're cool! because those are the people who spend time living their lives instead of talking about them!!  laugh 
"hey, everyone! i'm four months pregnant today! april fools! (it was yesterday, duh!)  laugh dd it's no fair that april fools day is during spring break!!  annoyed  that means all my friends at school will get do enjoy a day free of maliciously cruel pranks at their e playful ense!!  laugh  and i am sure that they are all very sad about that!  laugh "
