d2d8562f4fd31f7470c6b557217d8bc9
it will be a fun night after all 
had a great night  what a way to end last year and bring in a new one  welcome to 2011 everyone
you know we superstars
2010 was filled with some of the best and worst times  2011 is full of endless possibility  i'm lookin forward to what happens within the next year and where i'll be 
if i were you people i would get off facebook and get as drunk as possible  good thing i'm not you
lookin forward to movie night tomorrow 
feels like dancin 
cereal
i'm all over that ice cream like sprinkles
games? i dont think so!
its been a while since i've worked out
playing football yesterday and someone told me i should join the army and just throw the missiles
what a day dude  i could get used to weather like that
73 degrees! that's ok with me 
i'll work you out like a bowflex haha
its funny when guys think its ok to hit females  stupid fucker got what he deserved!
"spent some time at the lake, chilled with the friends, had a water fight, ate barbecued ribs for dinner and now i'm just chillin  what a day!"
3 days straight floating the lochsa  i can dig that!
best weekend ever 
i wish i was still camping 
haha i love when someone parks their old beater at the end of a shooting range  that means i get to shoot it!
i see another lakers championship in the near future 
people suck at drivin in this town!
well that was quite the fuckin escapade in the county jail 
i just watched this dude on tv throw up a life saver and shoot a  22 bullet through the middle of it without touching it 
i'm gonna attempt to water ski for the first time tomorrow  this should be interesting!
come on lakers!
lakers are tearin the floor up tonight!!
game 7 in l a!!
got a job at <propmale> <propfirst> roofing  hell yeah its about time
why would they cancel the monster truck races due to rain when they water the track before hand anyways!?
game 7!!! lets do this! lakers all the way!
for all you lakers haters out there!!! eat that shit!!!
its hailing like a mother fucker
tornadoes in montana!? what's next?
gotta wait till tomorrow to start work  damn rain
first day on the job
first day at work= success
waking up at 5 smile 0 every morning will take some gettin used to 
damn  hauling 80 pound bundles of shingles up a ladder all day gets rough  good money though hellz yeah!
off to work
"no work permit? what are ya talkin about? i'm talkin about you gotta stop workin and get off the roof! \wtf bossman?"
won the fast pitch competition at the osprey game  got it up to 82mph!
wakeboarding was fun as hell!!
good day to go to beavertail
so i just got a random check from the university  that's kick ass
gonna see if i can win some more tickets tonight  somebody come and hook it up with some competition
"i need some competition people  the closest person was 6mph slower  come on, somebody can throw a baseball "
i like how i can be outside at 6am with only a t-shirt on and still be comfortable
that was one hell of a storm last night  lightning is awesome
i was just mistaken for a black guy  is that good or is that bad?
cut my finger to the bone at work yesterday     dumbass
anybody wanna go to silverwood next weekend?
folfin anyone?
thank you mcdc! it definitely changed the person i am
sometimes it's the little things in life that mean the most  learn to appreciate them 
lifes problems wouldn't be called obstacles if there wasn't a way to get around them
can't wait to get my tat  its gonna be sick
gonna be training with the dogpound starting soon  its gonna be great
"if you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another <propmale> for you  what we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down "
a positive attitude really can make dreams come true
consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little <propmale> you have in trying to change others 
"take the first step in faith  you don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step "
be what you are  this is the first step toward becoming better than you are 
thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our <propfemale> 
"people spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace  they <propmale> idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them  the irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within "
"we're worn into grooves by time by our habits  in the end, these grooves are going to show whether we've been second rate or champions, each in his way in dispatching the affairs of every day  by choosing our habits, we determine the grooves into which time will wear us; and these are grooves that enrich our lives and make for ease of mind, peace, happiness, and achievement "
"its not about getting what you want, its about wanting what you already have "
"power is the faculty or capacity to act, the strength and potency to accomplish something  it is the vital energy to make choices and decisions  it also includes the capacity to overcome deeply embedded habits and to cultivate higher, more effective ones "
the new tat is bad ass! money well spent 
anyone goin to the game this weekend?
"believe more deeply  hold your face up to the light, even though for the moment you do not see "
"i need a ticket to the griz game  anyone got one, or two they could sell?"
"all i want, is a little of the good life  all i need, is to have a good time "
this is montana! let's play some football!!!
"starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage, i'm standing up, imma face my demons, i'm manning up, imma hold my ground, time to put my life back together right now"
"why does it ask me \what's on your mind\""? do you really want to know what's on my mind?"""
anybody know who is hiring?
"it was my decision to get clean, i did it for me"
"if u think life is hard, what are u comparing it to?\why be afraid of something u want?\if u don't think hightly of yourself, who will?\do u treat love as a verb or a noun?\are u making new mistakes or the same old ones?\nothing is too good to be true \what would you attempt if you knew you couldnt fail?\in order to find urself, are u willing to lose urself?\what do u pack to pursue a dream & what do ya leave behind?"
boise state is gonna beat va tech
"there is only one admirable form of the imagination: the imagination that is so intense that it creates a new reality, that it makes things happen "
i wish fb would let us customize our profile
"the greatest crime in the world is\                         not developing your potential \                              when you do your best,\                               you are helping others "
what you need to be thankful for is the life you do got!
we obviously live in montana when we got bears hangin out downtown!
vikings!!!
i love football season! so much hostility on fb 
"we all have different opinions on nfl teams, but for most of us we can all agree on one thing: go griz!!!!!"
"everyday is a gift, and not a given right!"
fb is gettin crazy these days!
at least this won't be another blowout game 
fumble!!!
bullshit!
"the colts suck, the broncos suck, the raiders suck, and judging by losses in week 1 the vikings arent doing so well either  damn, shitty day(s) of football!"
cowboys lose!!!!
ok griz fans  we need to vote <propmale> mascot of the year  text <propmale> to 69866
"the life i lead now isn't always easy at the moment, but i have my ways of making the moment easier"
"i hope everyone thinks about the future when you take action at the moment, and realize what the right thing to do is "
be what you are  this is the first step toward becoming better than you are
"get up, stand up, stand up for your right  get up, stand up, don't give up the fight  get up, stand up  life is your right, don't give up the fight"
where's the best place to get free mp3's?
that red field is f'n ridiculous!!!!!!!
can we get a mulligan?
pause- restart game! are you sure you want to restart? all unsaved progress will be lost  fuck yes i want to restart!
what the f*ck was that grizzlies????????
griz nation is irate!
mnf! that's a hell of a game!
"the more difficulties one has to encounter, within and without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be"
i'm on the fight card for this friday night at the <propfemale>!
can't wait for friday night
"has weigh-ins tonight at 7, and i get to see the guy i'll be fighting "
i hope to see you all at the fights tonight
the dui task force is gonna be out all weekend  be careful  if anyone needs a sober driver feel free to call me 
at least i got my ass beat by somebody that knows what they're doing 
bein the only sober one at a bar is kinda strange  not gonna lie
73 days without alcohol or any mood altering chemicals 
the only part of my past i miss is having someone to stay up till 2 smile 0am and talk to about random real life things  and waking up each day and having something to look forward to 
where can i get a damn griz poster?
is gonna slowly quit smoking cigarettes!
"my room is so gangsta, snoop dogg would kick it!"
the griz are most likely going to be in the same conference as boise state within the next couple of years 
ooh la latte!
training tonight! i hardly have time to relax these days  i'm thankful for things goin my way finally 
just had some dude tell me if i pick out the most e playful ensive nike suit from champ sports he'll but it for me  kinda strange!
my whole body is sore!
has 2 cracked ribs and its pissin me off!
fuck people!!!
80 days!
lets go griz!!
the griz are lookin good with roper as a starter!
any students from the u willin to get me 3 tickets to next weekends game?
shit man! my ribs are killin me  if i was anything like <propfirst> <propmale> i'd get them removed!
swimming is one hell of a workout  gonna start doin it more often 
"lovin my tattoo  i'm glad i waited to get it, it was well worth it and its got more meaning now "
"for those of you that doubted me    this is what you get  i live my life for me, not you  there's not many things that could make me happier than i am now "
1 5 <propmale> in 10m37s  gotta start somewhere 
"it isn't the number of birthdays, but the amount of lifes e playful eriences that determines maturity "
a positive attitude really can make dreams come true 
pain is weakness!!
the only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible
i'm right where i need to be  i have happiness and i'm working toward success  feels good!
you must endure pain to realize when you truly got it good 
don't think i'm gonna run tonight 
i've gained 6 pounds in the past week? where the hell is it goin?
listening to acdc and doin some workout  ballin!
life is like a game of cards  the hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will 
"give me the strength to continue in this life of sobriety despite lifes daily stressors, give me the guidance and courage that will allow me to make this life successful  amen "
glad today is almost over! f*ck authority!
chocolate protein shake! bomb!
i was just told i have man boobs!
people amaze me!
the vikings are gonna beat some ass!!
today is already better than yesterday!
anyone wanna go swimming? if you've never been to the ymca its free 
1 mile  6m22s 
your drink consists of calories and alcohol  my drink consists of protein and carbohydrates 
everyone be safe tonight  if you need a sober driver feel free to call me 
thanks to everyone for the great night!
never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly!
remind me not to run right after i eat!
thanks to all my true friends that have stayed close to me through this  to everyone else; that's your loss!
well after all i got 3 5 <propmale> in today 
"i never thought i'd be able to say this but, i've been drug and alcohol free for 90 days!"
10 10 10
have any cd's been released lately that are worth buying?
i was just informed that i od'd myself on codeine cough syrup when i was 2 years old 
has stopped drinking caffeine
anyone wanna buy a blackberry?
does anyone want a blackberry through alltel?
finally at 150  now my ribs need to heal so i can get back to training
had a great weekend!
people watchin
since when do they play gangstas paradise at red <propfirst>?
got a new phone today  finally something more my style!
i haven't sat down and actually wrote someone a letter since i was in butte  its relieving to be able to get all thoughts and feelings out without being interrupted or side tracked
"100 days today! give me the guidance, control, and courage to make it another hundred days "
can't wait for the weekend  its gonna be a blast!
it is impossible to smoke oneself to death using marijuana  you will not be able to retain motor control and consciousness to do so after such a large amount 
yankees suck!!!
gonna get me some football action today!
why do people gotta make things so damn difficult!?
i think its sweet how my eyes change color!
ha <propmale> blows!!!
lets go vikings!! getcha some of that cheeeeeesssseeee
haha just seen a commercial where the gingerbread man off shrek shit sprinkles when he seen somebody in their halloween costume!
"its gettin close to boardin season! can't wait to tear it up!\ http annoyed  rwis mdt mt gov scanweb losttrail shtml"
"the three truths of the day; its the 3rd day of hunting season, halloween is 6 days away, and the cowboys suck!"
"i once was a kid, all i had was a dream "
might be goin to work as a logger soon!
i blame nobody but myself for mistakes that i have made 
this should be interesting  i guess we'll see how it goes 
"if you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another <propmale> for you  what we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down "
gucci!
"is there any <propfirst> sales people out there? i got you an appointment right here, come clean my house and get paid for it  yeah, get at me!"
great! that's the 3rd job i've had to turn down because of fuckin turning point  they can shove it up their ass!
wants to be <propfirst> for halloween 
playin wii is more fun than partyin anyways 
"so the griz are looking for a head coach that can start immediately  i think they shoulda started their search earlier, but its about time!"
i haven't felt this way for a long time  its about time though 
i feel bad for you cowboys fans 
vikings are gonna beat the patriots!
"tickets for the super bowl this year start at $1968 00, and go up to $354,619 00 "
is ready for this day to be done!
my life isn't perfect but it doesn't suck as much as yours!
i like good morning texts  think i'm gonna vote today and vote for no sheriff!! f**k tha police!
don't ask me for money to buy beer!! not happenin!
"i hear songs all the time that take me back to the summer of '06, some of the most fun times of my life happened in that 3 month period of time "
thank god for females! my room smells like black <propfemale> 
damn dude!!! fb has turned in to something like the gossip drama bullshit portion of opera! why people? don't you have anything better to do!?
weezy is free today!
put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from being a montana state fan  being a montana state fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for msf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness 
applebee's has the best hot wings in town!!
ugh i can't even sleep past 8 smile 0 anymore 
it needs to snow! i need to snowboard!
how do you stop a cat fan from masturbating? tattoo a grizzly on his d*ck and he won't beat it for 17 years 
i wish i could see my little sister 
work would have been fun today if i wasn't stuck working with a f*ckin idiot!!
sorry cowboys fans! here comes another loss 
it must suck to be a cowboys fan!!!
http annoyed  rwis mdt mt gov scanweb losttrail shtml
its not a good idea to cook bacon without a shirt on 
i like how my phone tells me the good 4 letter words aren't words  lol
i'm not diggin this dark at 6 bs!!!
dude my dog straight mows ice cubes!
might get a siberian husky 
back in the old neck of the woods 
"some people just never change  i'm all about giving you a second <propmale>, but if you just do the same thing then its done!"
wants to go hunting tomorrow  anybody want to take me?
sweet i got my bday wishes sent out  you two be safe and have fun 
people look at me funny when i walk around laughin cause i'm listening to blue collar comedy  only if they could hear what i'm hearin  lol
"breaking news annoyed practice at invesco field was delayed after a broncos player found an unknown white powdery substance on the ground  practice was suspended while police were called in  \after analysis, e playful erts determined that the white substance, unfamiliar to most players was, in fact, the goal line  practice will resume this afternoon after they decided the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again "
wishes he didn't have to wake up at 5am 
"people fightin, guns gettin shot and cops  not what i see as much fun  i'm just glad nobody went to jail "
what's up with the longhorns this year?? this is a problem!!
"oh let it snow, let it snow  i wish i as in the mountains "
its 7:20am and i've already covered everything in my horoscope without knowing  except for the tonight part of it of course 
we can't feed the poor but we can fund a war??
i wish the temperature would drop so this would be snow!
you're so white you make snow look dirty!
life is 10% what heppens and 90% your attitude about what happens 
i made a snowball on my deck!!!
"found out i will die in 2071 when i'm 81  i will outlive someone my age by 5 years, i have the health of a 15 year old  and i've lived 25% of my life! kinda cool"
my phone is dumb! i can't receive text messages and it completely deleted the system itself  i don't even have the icon anymore 
does anybody have a computer that i could come use for about 30 mins?
my phone is finally functioning correctly!
well favre couldn't dig deep and get a win so i figured i'd do some diggin and make some chocolate chip cookies  yeah <propmale>!
thank god my cookies turned out better than the griz game! i didn't have any turnovers 
lovin this weather!
"this is my favorite time of year  we got freezers full of wild game, bomb ass food, some family action goin down, snow is falling gently, and christmas next month  i like gettin people cool stuff "
"5+ inches of snow at my house and its still dumpin! i love it! let it snow, let it snow, let it snow  at least we'll have a white christmas this year!"
"yep, it snowed fasho  about 8 inches at my place  for those of you that don't like it, montana is not the place for you "
gots me a new board today! bring on the snow!!
i need to wax my board  anybody got an iron they don't use or want anymore?
can't sleep so i'm gonna stay up and watch comedy movies 
with all the drama people write on here we might as well be reading applications to the maury show or some weird shit!
we got a sexy ass new truck today! straight ballin around here
"\she's got a gentle way that puts me at ease\"" """
leave me alone mafuckas i'm tryin to sleep!!
down at 2; up at 6  i'm hittin the hills today 
this business of chasing elk for 3 hours straight in thigh deep snow is makin me rethink my nicotine habit   
"the last best place huh?? more like, the last place a human isn't the smartest mammal "
mommy why can't i button my pants? they worked earlier today!
my prayers go out to you cowboys fans  i just don't know how you do it  it must be hard
to all the people i'm wakin up at 5am to go shoppin for  you better love me!
i can't believe i'm doin this  i only get up this early to go hunting    shopping??
don't think i could make it through this adventure without my best friend starbucks 
"if i ever start a porta potty business i'm gonna call it \johnny on the spot\""  lol"""
yeeeeaaaahhhh boiiiiii! both my boards are waxed and ready to go  who's down to go shred?
"i want a siberian husky pup for christmas  <propfemale>, don't drop him down the chimney (might hurt the lil guy) and don't wrap him too tight (might suffocate him)  just open my door and let him in!"
something is gonna die today  i just hope its not me 
"well the good news is, i'm on top o the world so i couldn't go up anymore if i wanted to, which is ok  bad news, i walked through hella snow to get here and there's no fresh elk sign    yet"
"longest hunt ever by far  the gps says 22 8 <propmale> but my legs say 22,000  oh yeah my hips feel about 200 years old like they should be in a museum "
"what's your favorite flavor sobe? mine is black and blue <propfirst> brew, cause that's the only kind of brew i drink these days!"
"\i'll give you my snuggie for it\""  haha"""
"some of the conversations i have with you people make my day  thanks, i love you all!!"
"here we go again  i've seen elk every time i've been out this year, now i just need to see one with a nice rack "
hell was full so i came back 
"you call me while your ass is gettin tore up like a rhino-lined truck bed?? you must really wanna talk, but no thanks  you's a hoe!"
lets see who actually knows me bet no one can get all the answers to these questions: first name: middle name: age: birthday: eye color: hair color: nickname: favorite color: best friend: favorite sport: favorite thing to do:      now put this as ur status and see how much people know about you
bow down
just realized its been too long since i've seen my good friends  damn! my bro might be movin back here soon  yeah <propmale>!
how are some people so passionate about watching soap operas?? booooring  maybe they should just subscribe to facebook  lol there's plenty of drama here 
"watched a video on quantum physics today  i'm intrigued, i wanna learn more "
"i'm much better than i used to be, but i don't think i'm as good as i could be "
"i couldn't think of anything too entertaining to write, so there's my status update  i hope you like it "
i am not smarter than a 5th grader! damn
fuckin snithces man!!
slept for 15 hours last night  i hate being sick
"everybody gotta check out ot's new song \hold me down\"" """
"i think its funny to see people talkin on bluetooth headsets cause you look at them like they're stupid, and they look at you like you're stupid    and everybody is just confused lol"
feels bad for people that don't like snow cause its gonna keep comin  smile 
cuttin up deer and watchin football  that's what's up!
ahh i have nothing to do tomorrow  i can finally do me for a day! thank god!
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday,dec  6  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
she don't know she's beautiful
think i got a remote controlled helicopter for christmas  ooohh my dogs is gonna luv me!! lol
mmmm white chocolate-raspberry iced coffee  dankness!!
last night   i had a dream   and i was in it   imagine that lol
its legit to see people happy 
"i told a girl that a man is like a fine wine; he gets better with age  the next day, she locked me in the cellar "
there is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy  her heart 
there's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot
anybody wanna go sleddin?
"its beginning to look a lot like christmas  i seen a lot of people driving their tree around today  must be some kinda new \trend\"" """
life is short: break some rules!
why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?
why they gotta televise games nobody cares about?
i should be boarding right meow
little fockers
the 2 most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity!
"maybe i'm just optimistic, but i feel that life can be too easy at times and its kinda frustrating "
everybody take the cartoon off your profile pic  some jew ass pedofiles started that so little kids would add them  it has nothing to do with preventing child abuse  fuckin faggots!!
don't drive faster than your guardian angel can fly 
just got jewed by another coffee stand  these people need to step their game up!
"my mouth tastes like ass  oh, maybe its the coffee i just drank    either way its kind of a shitty deal "
"why do people keep tellin me i can do better? i don't even got a woman, and i don't really want one right now  i'm havin fun with life as it is "
inbox only 2010 is coming to an end  send me a confession (or a question) you've been wanting to tell me (or ask me) all year (stays between us)  put this as your status and you might be surprised with what you get
send me a number from 1 -1000 to my inbox then i will tell you using your number how i feel about you via my status
69: lol of course  i think you have vast amounts of potential if you make up your mind what you want  you're an amazing person  i love your son and i still got love for you as well 
"93: where to start? you're stunning, you always bring a smile to my face when i see you  even though you don't text me back  you've always been one of my favorite lol"
"338: you're an amazing person, i didn't like you when i first met you  i thought it was kinda weird that you shaved your eyebrows off  aside from that you are one of the few that i would make an exception for "
77: i've never personally met you but you're one of my buddies girl  i have respect for what you've done with yourself at a young age  keep it up 
1 57926: wtf is that? you're a very fun person  in high school we tore shit up  some of the parties i've been at with you have been the most fun 
461: i got hella respect for you! you're a good person  when you're not brought down with undesirable feelings you have hella potential man 
75: another one i've never met but i observe that you've got a big heart and good intentions  i'd like to meet you one day  maybe soon 
"65: you're just a wee little one lol  you take awesome pics, although i don't always agree with some of your choices i think you got a good head on your shoulders "
"3: don't know you much but i've heard a lot about you  some good, some bad  and your my best friends cousin!"
"24: oh man! you've been my best friend since i've known you  you're beautiful, you're smart, and one of the most down to earth people i know  there's not enough room on here to keep going "
325: we used to be neighbors when we were midgets  i got respect for you stickin around for your son  most people don't do that these days 
45: uhh i have no idea  i know you have a kid  another one i've never met 
"896: i've only met you once  i had so much fun on that trip, you have no idea  i wish you luck with your marriage"
200: your high hopes are admirable  from what i know you're a caring considerate person  a good friend
420: you would lol  you're the one i got the nickname <propmale> from  you got potential if you get yourself out there and show the world what's up 
21: that's how old i'll be next year lol  you're gonna have a kid  sometimes i think that when you want something you try to hard to get it  you're a good person though and you're due for something good 
"033: wow! yeah, i miss talking to you like i used to  the summer i met you was one of the best ever, i also remember when we met  i seen you not too long ago at o'reilly's but my <propmale> wouldn't stop so i could talk to you  fuckin prick lol  anyways, we should kick it sometime "
jeez this number game has taken a whole battery to play!
666: that's not a very happy number lol  you are one of the most high spirited people i know  you're never in a bad mood and always have a smile on your face  you also like to smoke some of that good green stuff now and then lol
"420 annoyed  i'll sell you that dudes truck for 1000$\""","\""is his wife part of the deal\""? \""uh huh\"" \""sold\""\"d2d8562f4fd31f7470c6b557217d8bc9,123: do they have a hunting season for that? well we should since indians can hunt all year long  well if i go huntin for love i better be fillin me some tags  nice  word  hey man that chick's got a bootydo  hahahahaha yeah she does! get some
well nobody has said i'm a d-bag or anything   yet  so i think i'm doin alright  thanks peeps
well now that i know what people think of me its time for bed  deuces
111: you're awesome! i can always count on you for someone to talk to  even back when i wasn't as happy as i should have been you were always there for me  thank you!
419: got a minute? lol <propfirst> bowman's 15th birthday party in bonner  need i say more?
rain? really?
"check this out my people  i'm gonna have 6 months sobriety next week and i wanna celebrate it with all of you  i know you peeps don't need a reason to drink but here it is, i won't be of course lol  but next friday is the time, somebody pick the place  i want all of you there "
"she's got eyes that cut you like a knife, and her lips that taste like sweet red wine "
i don't miss partyin at all but i miss seeing all my friends
"yeah <propmale>, rollin like a big shot!"
haha i must be doin something right these days  yeaaahh boooiiiii that's what's up!
met me a fly ass <propfemale> last night  we boardin tomorrow  just another day in the life of yours truly i suppose 
"good ole starbucks   you make my day   even though you rape my wallet  for that i don't like you, i like your coffee though so its chill "
anybody got a pair of snowboard boots size 10-11 you wanna sell me?
<propfemale> life be like oooohh aaaahh 
mobbin the wheeler in da snow!! whooo wheee  lol
why would you envy me?? i'm only doing what's best for myself  thanks though  smile 
shred lost trail tomorrow? uh huh!! booyaaah!
"its not always about how long you live, rather the quality of life that you live "
"my past may not be the greatest, but it has molded me in to the person that i've become  and for that, i'm grateful "
i thank god for the person he has made me 
"you got the money, let it roll"
"i'm strong enough to admit i make mistakes, confident enough to admit when i'm wrong, and have the courage to ask for help "
shining like a <propfemale> in a clear sky like oooohh aaaahh!
"i got an idea  if i get 50 or more \likes\"" on this i will set up a coffee stand and serve in a speedo """
let go and let god deal with it!
was just offered a trip to fairmont for a 6 month sobriety gift  that's what's up!
if i came with a warning label    what would it say?   be honest and if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you
its weird when people i don't know somehow get my number and blow my phone up  like la la la la
woah <propmale>!! maybe i shouldn't look for a girl everyday and they just come to me  that's what's up!
"too much fun, what's that mean? its like too much money, no such thing! its like a girl too pretty, with too much class  bein too lucky, a car too fast  no matter what they say, i aint never had too much fun  word"
i just discovered the phonebook feature on here  that takes creepin to a whole new level!
"6 months sober today! i got nothin but love for the people that have stayed close to me and supported me through all this  it hasn't always been easy but its making me a better, stronger person ultimately  i couldn't ask for anything more "
in the event that i need help (like) this if you would be there in seconds without questions 
"i never visioned myself as someone that people would look up to  anyone can do what i do, just commit yourself and you can do anything  keep it real"
pimpin aint easy 
jealousy is a sickness  i could buy you a card but i don't know if that will help you get better soon 
"dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today "
coffee
life is not fair  how you deal with it is what matters 
i love bein me
doesn't like bein lied to
if tomorrow goes well it will be one of the best ever  i can't wait
oh jeez    facebooking before 8am is bad for he health
scratch that idea 
"if you don't take the time to get to know the person i've become, you don't stand a <propmale> in understanding me  if you know the person i used to be, look again cause that's not who i am now  i love and respect every person that has stood by my side through thick and thin "
life is complex  first you need to grasp the concept of success and start from there  money is a material object that brings happy feelings and joyous moments  real happiness truly comes from within 
life is one thing you can't re-do  live it like you're gonna die tomorrow 
ah shit! lost a bunch of contacts  message me your number peeps 
"each day i learn something new about myself, and it makes me stronger "
sometimes its the little things in life that mean the most 
i can't tell you what it really is  i can only tell you what it feels like 
there's nothing worse than paying 4$ for a coffee that tastes like ass!
"i'm standing up imma face my demons, i'm manning up imma hold my ground  i've had enough now i'm so fed up, its time to put my life back together right now!"
i've come clean to be a bigger individual 
i'm seriously considering enrolling in a branch of service 
i love workin at a university
<propfemale> stopped by my house a little early  that's a tight squeeze for a fat guy 
people that get bored just means that they have failed to acquire the knowledge to inspire themselves
it might be cold outside but it felt like summer for a while  lol
life's problems wouldn't be called obstacles if there wasn't a way to get over them 
i'm gonna go talk to a recruiter tomorrow  i'm makin a lot of changes right now so i might as well do the whole country some good 
proper planning prevents piss poor performance
7 months ago i lost a person that meant the world to me  it devastated me and made me hesitant to give my heart away like that again  since then i've grown inside and i'm taking the steps necessary to become the person i wanna be 
"but now i'm back bustin in your bathroom, got you laughin in your shower cap "
i'll put fire behind your knees to be the reason you smile 
"the way i feel, i'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up cause i'm raising the bar "
aye boo boo  goin to see yogi in 3d tomorrow
everybody deserves a second <propmale>  although i have changed i understand that not everybody else has  but things change daily when you put an honest effort towards something that is worth it to you 
"i like to look fresh  that's just my style  you're just mad cause you don't get a crack at it  sorry hun, my standards are higher than you can count  better luck next time "
the zoo is livin up to its name today
if you're livin on the edge you're takin up too much space
haha maybe it does pay off to be young and look good  what a day!
gettin a hot tub soon  yeah <propmale> that's what's up!
"new years party at my place  big fire, lots of people  18 and older"
i realized i believe too many things people say  i need to focus on the people that are honest with me and make amends with people i've let go of 
movin up
if everything goes well i'll be serving in active duty within 4 months
today was awesome  tomorrow will be even better 
there's a reason why the past is behind us
"if i've learned anything in my 20 exciting years it would be this  no matter what you do; things change, people come and go, and some times are more agreeable than others  every e playful erience forms you  but life goes on  live it how you want it "
i didn't think i had the strength to become the person i am today  i used to be oblivious to meaningful 'things'  now i am able to seek inspiration in anything  i enjoy helping people and being similar to the type of person i used to envy 
music is my release
i leave lasting impressions   smile 
jesus loves me  its the rest of the world that thinks i'm an asshole 
you can't even make yourself happy  how do you e playful ect to make someone else happy?
guess i'm gonna do some modeling
we only get one life  do something with it  live it to the limit with no regrets 
i'm gonna be stationed in san <propmale> for the first 6 months until i finish bootcamp and go to college at usc  then i'll be shipped to australia  that's what's up!
"i'm inspired  for once in my life i'm happy with the decisions i'm making  each day is a step closer to your future, do you want to live like this forever?"
always faithful
today was amazing  humbling as well
its a good thing dreams aren't reality  i'm a bad boy when i sleep
when you look good; you feel good
you won't know until you walk a mile in my shoes and understand me 
i might be out of here by mid february  i'm gonna miss all of you but you'll always be in my thoughts
i need to relax and have some fun  everything has been way too serious lately 
i need a workout partner
hopefully we get our hot tub before i leave 
i can take life seriously some other day  its time for me to have fun
anyone down for some poker?
damn it feels good to be gangsta
"why are most females immature, deceitful, and scandalous when it comes to relationships?"
anybody wanna do the honors of drinking my share of <propmale> light this holiday season?
<propfirst> & kumar
<propfemale> christmas everyone  i'm thankful i get to spend this time with my family 
the very best part of christmas isn't how we celebrate   or where  its who we share it with 
<propfemale> christmas to me  i thought i had my take off ramp finished but i decided its not big enough  i'll have it done by the new years partay fo sho 
a couple more meals like that and i'll be <propfemale> next year 
why does everybody writealltheirwordstogetherthesedays?
"she's got whatever it is, it blows me away"
i may have leadership qualities but there's only one thing i'm focused on leading  my own life
my new years resolution: complete 5 things on the bucket list
i'll give you my opinion but you gotta live your life 
sleep
i woke up and my eyes are green as could be 
for every man there's a woman that will inspire change 
stop lookin at what you don't have and be thankful for what you do have 
"girl we can leave it all behind, let me ease your mind  let's ride"
oh great! i got ex's callin me babe again  there's a reason why the past is behind us 
i'm so close to heaven i could touch the sky 
failure is not an option
to think that a year from now i'll be putting my life on the line daily for the benefit of this country is humbling 
my only problem is their insecurities 
"sorry people, nothing too interesting today  that's what's on my mind  hope you like it"
i think i just heard lost trail call my name 
it takes more than words to offend me 
i only take a drink on two occasions - when i'm thirsty and when i'm not 
i'll take a raspberry lemonade and whatever your name is on the side 
i hate it when i drool on my pillow 
goin boardin on sunday  hit me up if ya wanna go
wish i could see a certain someone
tomorrow night is gonna be sweet
f*ck everybody who doubted me 
party is cancelled tomorrow night peeps  don't show up
i can't help you if you don't want to be helped
well i find out when i leave today
damn i haven't got good news like that in quite some time  good <propmale> i leave next month 
i'm thinkin san <propmale> next month is gonna be nice
i wanna see everyone before i leave
they call me <propmale> 
imma go get it cause i'm a go getta!
my reality is beginning to exceed my dreams 
its weird to notice the changes we make when we transition from a kid to an adult 
my best quality is       ??
settin my sights on officer status flyin fighter jets  anything less than that is mediocre performance for me  its possible
i never knew single would feel so good 
"who dat? oh, that's only seattle "
i haven't laughed that hard in a long time
seeing people drunk just makes me feel better that i'm not one of them anymore
woke up feelin like a million bucks  today's gonna be a good day 
this should be good  i'm dressed like hef and ready for action 
well today was pretty much bad ass! i can't believe i took part in a lingerie show but i'd do i again 
girl i can be your best friend  you can count on me to ride with you until the end 
my life; i live it to the limit and i love it 
haha suck on that duck fans!!
that's how a championship game is meant to be played!
only in montana do we say 30 degrees is warm 
sunshine   and a beach somewhere in cali 
"my imperfections are what make me, me "
7 months today
"you keep asking, but i'm leaving soon to bigger and better things  you're gonna keep getting the same answer  i don't want a relationship cause who knows what could happen once i'm gone  "
damn dude! some people just need a dose of dr  <propmale>  
be easy
"i'm not perfect but, nobody walking this earth's surface is "
strange  i guess i'm not a <propfirst> anymore  i'm officially a cancer  that doesn't sound good 
why they gotta go an f*ck up my whole program??                                                       http annoyed  www twirlit com 2011 01 13 new-zodiac-sign-dates-list-did-your-astrological-sign-change-2 
i'm a <propfirst> for life! a cancer doesn't come close to describing me  they can go to hell for all i care 
dude my brain hurts  and the whole zodiac thing was wrong  nothing has changed 
"they call me superman, i'm here to rescue you "
take me back a year and give me the opportunities i have now  that would be my idea of perfection 
there's no such thing as an ending  only new beginnings 
why can't everyone just get along and be civil?? you're gonna have to coexist with people you don't like your whole life so learn to deal with it 
who's down to go to seattle next weekend if the seahawks beat da bears?
"you have enemies? good  that means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life "
you may not end up where you thought you were going    but you will always end up where you were meant to be  
keep ya head up
this one might be worth holding on to 
"the choices we make, and the chances we take, determine our <propfemale> "
i'm ready for spring to be here  the holidays are over and the snow is almost gone  bring on the warm weather
"i'll never neglect you, never have time to stress you, and always respect you "
hello sunshine
some asshole from <propmale> hacked my account  get your own life dbag
"it was my decision to get clean, i did it for me "
i'm the type of guy to stand by your side and wipe the tears as they fall from your eyes 
anyone want a blackberry?
dom capers for president
how do i unlock answers to questions that people have answered about me?
f*ck the steelers!  big <propmale> is a big <propfemale>  go pack!
you ever get an old worn out 1$ <propmale> and wonder how many g- strings its been in?
what a night it turned out to be 
"this is for the dudes  why do you feel the need to treat women like they're a minority? the world consists of more people than just yourself, pull your head out of your ass and learn some respect "
anybody wanna go to the y and workout tomorrow?
i just got beat up by my perfect push ups  wtf
some girls would be a 10 and the others that would make <propfirst> <propfirst> flinch  ha
"nfc all the way  this is how the super bowl is gonna turn out too  green and yellow, green and yellow "
rockin the square burger 
"i'll be deleting people if i see \i love you\"" a week into a relationship one more time """
anyone else got a membership to the y?
at least the craters in the roads around here will create jobs when its time to fix them  unlike the government that said they would create jobs  they're worthless  but so are the potholes  watch out for em cause they'll keep your mechanic busy too 
my phone starts partyin when its time for me to wake up 
i guess i'll go to college until i leave 
can't wait for sweet summertime  sunshine and da beach 
if i could fly i'd take a one way trip to success 
this is damn near t-shirt weather 
hmm sweet  i have more money than i thought  what a nice surprise 
it looks to me like the black n yellow are feelin a little blue  haha  go pack  put big <propmale> on his big head 
say cheeeeeeeeeeessee 
"up, up here we go"
holy 6 foot snow drift in the driveway 
lovin the weather today  thinkin about layin on my deck to catch some rays and get my tan on  ha jk
i can't help but want to trade places with a kid with a disorder for a week just so they would get the <propmale> to live a normal life for a minute 
can't wait till i can go camping 
at least i got to spend part of v-day with a beautiful girl  aside from my whole body being sore it was a good day  smile 
probably should have left the new kicks at home  damn lol
i might be playin some football for the phoenix this summer 
i think a trip to the hot springs is in order 
my president is black 
cheers to another day 
it's pretty cool that a kid younger than me won the daytona 500
ha! no poke backs f*ckers  
"put one them flowers in your hair, have you lookin like a fly mama sita  fuego"
looks like i'll be throwin down on the football field this summer  hella
why does my chat have little green dudes? lol
anyone wanna do some job hunting tomorrow?
the top of my dome   that's what's on my mind 
who actually knows me ? i bet nobody can answer all of these questions: first name________ middle name _________ last name________ age__ birthday__________ nickname___________ favorite color_________ eye color__________ hair color__________ best friend__ _______ favorite sport_________ post this on your status and see what you get   
"lord   i just wanna  thank you for blessing me with the coolest, wildest, most fun friends anyone could ask for  amen!\\p s  keep em comin"
practice tonight   git r done
i'm dressed like a f*ckin onion today 
i can't stand ppl dat ryt lyk dis 
i only appear to be normal to people that are a little weird themselves 
"if i can make one persons' day better, then i've done my job "
anyone use the im app for android?
"i want it to be summer so i can go to the lake all day, go camping, and tear it up on the wakeboard "
i'm sayin toodles to you bitches  i'm goin boardin  peace my niggas 
"epic! 36+ inches of pow= one or lifes more simple problems to deal with  solution; shred  it was borderline orgasmic, not gonna lie "
the green eyes get me everytime  
"we were tryin different things, and we were smokin funny things "
too bad the groundhog was blind  
i walked past a dude skiing through town smokin a doobie  way to represent my man 
gonna go get lost at the trail tomorrow 
"boarding was amazing today   except for the time u used my face to stop of course  i'll sleep like a baby tonight, sleep 3 hours and wake up cryin for my mommy   and so on  i hope everyone else's day was as good as mine "
so stoked! little caesars got their spice packs back! ballin
i could easily get used to this weather 
it was good to see such a great turnout at a christian rock concert  way to support the big man upstairs  there are people left around here with good intentions 
anyone wanna tear up the slopes on sunday?
i want another tat  any ideas?
everyday is a <propfirst> vs goliath battle  this world is much bigger than i am but i will come out on top 
anybody have a pair of snow blades you'd be willing to sell me? or know anybody that would 
"i wanna go camping  i just have one question, who's coming with me?"
f*ck dude i just deleted all my pictures and music off my phone  fml i had 3 years worth of memories on there 
anyone got a computer with a bunch of music on it?
i wanna try skiing 
"haha i just got an e-mail from some random source sayin that so and so is now your groupie, congratulations  haha wow  "
if your milkshake is thicker than your girlfriend you're doin good 
"it's time to exercise these demons, the motha f*ckers doin jumpin jacks now "
i think its time to get a little mud on the tires  who's with me?
goin boardin at silver mountain on thursday  kinda e playful ensive but i'll be shreddin 1600 acres  i think i'll feel right at home 
only god knows why 
is it thursday yet?
why does everyone gotta be hatin on here? that's all it is this morning  damn peeps let's graduate from the drama 
let's do this grizzlies! pull this one out 
stupid f*ckin refs  suck a fatty  it's hard to beat 7 players 
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they need a foot up their ass too  thank you for you support"
"ha i just saw a panhandler with a sign that said, \bigfoot kidnapped my girlfriend and i need help \"" i thought about letting him rent a gun and give him enough money to buy some <propfirst> links jerky """
"if you're down for camping this weekend, give me a \hell yeah\"""""
haha i had  to sign a contract to buy a little lizard 
anyone down to go to the maulers game tonight?
it feels like a good day to go 4-wheeling  it's gonna be hella nice 
i like how the sunshine makes me happy 
i just looked into the future and i saw a folf disc  haha its about time 
"fuckin feds! they're more worried about people smokin a little ganja than they are narcotics  i wonder if they considered that it might help the people that use it  it's not like you can crush it up, and shoot it in your arm and you'll be superman in 2 minutes "
mopeds are like fat chicks  it's all good till your friends see you ridin em 
happy st pattys day peeps 
damn everybody be commenting the outfit 
i like how the realtree energy drinks disclose the fact that they're not for city boys  i think i'm safe to drink it 
i've seen sooo many hungover peeps today  haha thank god i didn't look in the mirror and see one 
that concert was insane  there are some benefits for workin there 
a little bit of headbanging never hurt anyone  unless of course you find yourself in the mosh pit with a griz linebacker   like a couple of unfortunate souls did this fine evening 
i need to find a job  asap
job hunting is so lame  but a job is much needed
"is rather you hate me for something i am, than love me for something i'm not "
"due to the fact that there are more female pilots these days, they are going to change the name of the \cockpit \""  they are going to call it the \""box office \"""""
we went and got a '77 corvette today up by flathead lake  it was such a nice day for a drive and we brought home a beautiful car  i'll hook it up with some pics
some of the things the people do on fear factor is intense    like eating nasty sh*t
anybody seen hall pass? it looks good but i dont wanna go see it if it sucks 
somebody should bring me a big <propmale>
"today was definitely interesting  i put in 12 apps all over the place, had some fun convo with peeps, and kicked it with an old friend "
lets start a petition to bring hauck back to the griz 
"get up, get up come on get down with the sickness"
"my grandma started coughing and i thought it was my dog barking so i told her to shut up and she flipped  not litterally, she only wishes"
"i really dislike authority figures  there's always conflict  except for the judge i'm dealin with, she's gangsta  filling out and turning in 10 apps per day is complete bs, filling them out is sooooo boring and repetative  but good news, i'm possibly getting off supervision in may "
"my <propmale> hooked me up with a weight bench today, just got it set up  now i gotta find motivation to use it "
i will pay someone with lap dances that has good handwriting and spelling abilities to fill out applications for me  *girls only*
the square root of 69 is me+you
i'm gladly accepting donations to the help <propfirst> get a job fund 
i'm a virgin
my eyes have more of a sweet tooth than my mouth does  i love me some eye <propfemale>
useless fact of the day- i have 420 friends  welcome to the club
"the definition of redneck foreplay; bend over bitch, i'm driving "
nrvnrnfvrionoti;4thnmqwfv;nevnkjnadsc;owfnv  yeah
3 axles and a new piece to the lift <propfemale> later the chevy is fixed  ballin!
"hey mother nature, just a little fyi it's april!! get with the program "
mmmmm chili dogs  you know i'll be sleepin with my window open!!
where's the best place to download free music?
damn  i've used a whole pen (that was new to start out) in the last week just filling out applications  someone should just give me a damn job already 
got my baby licensed and insured  good to go  ballin
now i just wanna go mudding  too bad my pickemup drinks gas like alcoholics drink beer 
"if i ever acquire a porta potty business for some odd reason, i'm gonna call it \johnny on the spot\"""""
anybody know where i can find some quality boxes? like 2 of them 
lookin so fresh and clean  i got me a roofing job and my new phone is down with the clown if ya know what i mean 
can't wait to start working next week  12$ an hour is gonna be niiiiiiiiice
"blue sky, sunshine, nothing to do, sounds like a good day to be in the mountains  holla!!"
finally got the part to solve the problem on my truck  gonna get some paint to do the visor too  that's what's up 
my truck is ready to rockk and rolll  just gotta paint the visor now  yeehaawww
my niggas!! i got my truck fixed!!! gonna be gone next week in bozeman for work  so stoked!! hit me up 
anybody wanna go 4 wheeling on sunday?
i think a folf sesh is in order for tomorrow 
time for me to hit the sack  gotta be up at 4am to head to cat country for work  i should probably take my dogs and a gun 
"there's not much goin down in this world right now  wanna know how i know?? there's 70 of my friends on fb  haha yeah, woww!!"
holy f it's early  my dogs don't even wanna be awake  but i'm goin to work 
long ass first day of work  10 more hours tomorrow and the next 2 days then a 3 day weekend 
"stupid rain  if i wanted a clean truck i would wash it  oh well, rain+dirt laugh irty truck again "
anybody have an amp you wanna get rid of?
i just thought of the best dinner combination ever   frozen twinkies; glazed donuts; licorice; and a glass of milk 
pda is not ok when you're 14 and at a public function 
next time i go to find mud i'm taking a video camera fosho
is there a hunting season for splittail?
"only if people would understand that i have potential to lead a responsible, successful life on my own  i don't need people tellin me when to do shit all the time  after the events i've been through i know what it takes to live life legitimately  i have big dreams for myself i just need the freedom to be able to fulfill my aspirations "
"god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference "
i was born on the edge so that's where i'm comfortable  i'm a risk taker  although i'm intimidated by rejecltion i find ways to get over it  lifes' problems wouldn't be called obstacles if there wasn't a way around them 
soooo     my moms bf told my <propmale> that the only <propmale> he's got of gettin laid is to stick his head up a chickens' ass  dunno why it would be funny to you but i had to tell ya lol
its movie time then i'll be back on the daily grind tomorrow  holla if ya hear me
"\if you learn mexican you'll know how to swim and jump fences\"""""
"tue only good thing about meeting a lady at a bar is, they are most likely of age  no need to check id's"
"this is the first 4:20 i've been completely sober in about 8 years  i must say, i feel great "
by the time im done tinkering with my truck its gonna be pretty much new  but i'll have a healthy baby 
pie in a box
tell me some jokes
i might as well be the lucky leperchaun that found the pot of gold 
it's a good thing i get a discount at the parts store 
anybody got a transmition <propfirst> and some spare time?
my easter egg hunt consisted of 100$ in plastic basketballs  my moms a pimp 
