645ac6dfc0e908be7a4a2562d1a43fae
happy new year everyone!
he left for japan this morning  and my heart feels like it's breaking  three long years without him 
he's in japan  at least he's ok 
i'm so tired! i really need to sleep better 
"i want to go to japan  i need to get a job and save up money  i found a flight+hotel for $1,935  i really want to go!"
<propmale> called me last friday  that made me really happy 
<propmale> makes me really happy even though is in japan right now  just hearing his voice puts a smile on my face 
"it get easier and easier as the days go on, but it's still hard having him all the way in japan with me here in ohio "
i had a hard weekend 
i wonder when <propmale> is going to check his facebook  i should have reminded him today when i talked to him 
i talked to <propmale> today  that made me so happy   joyful 
holy crap! <propfemale> figured out to get on my account!  surprise 
looking for a job  hope to get one soon  i need to save up money to go to japan 
it's so hot! i hate summer! i long for spring where it is warm and not hot!
my shoulder hurts  wonder what i did to it 
applying for jobs  hope i get one  wish me luck!
i just got my hair cut  it's short!  surprise 
"the pain of being seperated from the one you love, why must i feel it now?"
i am 23 today  am i really that old?
my birthday was horrible   annoyed 
i'm so cold!
i have an interview today! i am so nervous!
i'm so nervous!
i got a second interview!
i have the second interview today! i am so nervous! i hope i get it! i have a few plans with this money    
i got the job! yay me!
i am so tired and i have no idea why!
i'm cold  and my stupid web cam won't install!  annoyed 
i start my training today  i'm a little nervous 
my computer went on the <propmale> and i lost everthing  and i mean everything!  annoyed 
i am so cold! why does it have to be so cold?! curse you cold weather!
ugh  i'm sick now 
the world seems so cold and lonely with out shojo beat  how am i supposed to get my shojo fix now?
"i should be writing, but i can't get into the mood to write  maybe i am losing my touch    that is one of the worst things that can happen to me  i feel so alive when i write "
i miss talking to <propmale> so much! i would give up everything i had just to talk to him for 5 minutes  this is so hard!
"last night after my meeting, we played a game    and i just realized how many of us have a dirty mind    i am still giggling about it!  laugh "
i want to get a nintendo ds  i want to play harvest moon: island of happiness  i almost had that one guy  gah! i want to play it! i was so close!
i'm here with <propfemale>      and i am cold  <propfemale> jester
i got to talk to <propmale> pickett
i feel sick for some reason 
i have pep band tonight  it's been about a year since i last played my flute 
i'm a little nervous  i tried to play some of the music i had laying around  that didn't go over to well  at least i still remember th fight song!
i guess i did ok last night  i messed up a few times and recovered  i also saw <propmale> and <propfemale>  i haven't seen them for awhile 
christmas is coming up  i'll be glad when it's over 
christmas is over    next is new years!
i hate the cold  why does it need to be so cold?
"well, in less than an hour, it wil be one year since i told <propmale> pickett how i felt about him   love "
"wow  it has been a year already  i love you, <propmale>!  love "
ohayocon started today  too bad i have to miss it  i really wanted to meet <propmale> ayres! t t
i really wish i would have gotten to go to ohayocon this year 
we have snow     i hate snow   annoyed 
i just want to sleep
valentines day is tomorrow     i hate valentines day 
why do i have to be sick?! i hate being sick!  annoyed 
i want some ice cream  chocolate chip cookie dough sounds good right now 
i'm just really bored right now    
"sometimes i find myself thinking \what is <propmale> pickett  doing right now?\"" then i look at my phone and realize that he is sleeping   laugh """
i've had the same headache for a few days now  why won't it go away?!
"i want to write, but i can't  i wonder if i am out of ideas "
i think i may be able to write now  let's see what i produce 
i have started to write again! i am so happy 
i get to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> jester later today! woot!
"not feeling well, but i will still <propfemale> out with <propfemale> jester"
got to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> jester and <propfemale> <propfemale> schrader
"jesus angel garza gave me a link to the worst fanfiction ever  i swear, my brain cells all cried before they died "
here is the link to the worst fanfiction in exsistence: http annoyed  myimmortalrehost webs com chapters122 htm
classical music is so relaxing 
"i've been playing an online game like crazy lately     i know i should take a break, but it is so much fun "
i want to play <propfirst>'s ds  wonder when he will let me borrow it again    
i saw <propfemale> in wonderland yesterday and it was awesome! <propmale> <propmale> is a flipping genius!
i went to see the titanic exhibition with <propfirst> <propfirst> last week  it was pretty cool 
i think i have finally gotten over my writers block 
i never got those pictures posted  <propfemale> is sad now  t t
"i am hooked on the song triple baka by hatsune miku  if your curious as to why, just watch the video   smile "
wow  i love hatsune miku  her music is awesome   love 
wow  my little brothers baseball beat the other team by 20 points! final score: 21-1 fairbanks!
"sometimes i wonder i write  then when i write, i remember why  it's a way for me to vent; a lot of my own feelings go into it "
my great uncle finally went to be with god  he will be deeply missed 
"i try not to view death as the end, but as the beginning "
"i know i need to write, but i don't know if i can "
i am getting an ulquiorra cell phone strap  it was so cute!  love 
grandma is going to sell her house     i'm going to miss this place  this place holds at least 15 years of memories for all of us    
my ulquiorra phone strap is so cute!  love 
it's so hot! maybe i should get my hair cut again    
i gave blood today  they ended up poking me in both arms with a needle  both arms hurt now  t t i guess i will try to read kuroshitsuji to take my mind off the pain 
"i just finished reading chapter 32 of kuroshitsuji and wow  that one was a creeper! i've never been so creeped out in my life than i was just now  lol  my arms still hurt, too   laugh "
i think the twilight series is over rated 
"shojo manga is great, though i think i read too much of it "
hanging out at a family reunion 
i'm watching anime and writing at the same time  though i am paying more attention to the tv than my computer screen  lol 
going to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> jester tomorrow  that will prove to be fun  we always have fun when we <propfemale> out anyways 
i got a sunburn yesterday  it's not as bad as it has been in the past though 
"i couldn't sleep so i read \messenger\"" by <propfemale> lowry  it made me cry since someone died at the end  i've been really emotional lately  maybe it's my lack of sleep  i don't sleep through the night anymore  i always wake up every hour or so """
"hanging out with <propfemale> today  i don't know what we are going to do, but, we always manage to have fun "
"stupid adult swim started to show fullmetal alchemist: brotherhood over again  it was getting really good, too! i hate it when they do that   annoyed "
new episodes of bleach start next saturday  i'm so excited  new episodes on my birthday  can't wait to see more of ulquiorra and his emo-ness  lol 
i started reading heart no kuni no <propfemale>! it's really good so far! <propfirst> is a stalker  lol  <propfemale> jester was right 
no! the new bleach episodes are filler! it's something about filling in the captain posts  it's making me so sad! t_t
"my grandma bought me a sword today  it's kenpachi's (bleach) sword  it's long and kinda heavy, just like you would e playful ect from his sword  it came with a stand, too "
"i want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes i have recieved  thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday, it made me happy  x3 and my sword is still awesome   laugh "
played date warp today and got all but one ending  that one will be hard to get  i wonder how i am supposed to keep alben in love with <propfemale>?
"finally got all the endings to date warp  now, i'm trying to get a happy ending to hourglass of summer, but <propfemale>'s voice is a little annoying "
i really want to read more skip beat! and heart no kuni no <propfemale>  i like <propfirst>  he's so cute with his <propfemale> ears   love 
"brothersweek! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, pulled your hair, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, can't do without, copy and paste this to your status "
"i want to write, but, i can't think of anything to write about "
it's raining  it's a little late though  wish we had more of it during the summer 
my grandma just called and told me that my little brother was in the hospital  i wonder when my mom was going to tell me? at least <propfirst> is going to be okay 
"my little brother, <propfirst> carpenter, is fine  he has a slight concussion  he will be released from the hospital tomorrow  i'm just glad he wasn't injured too bad "
"i wonder what curry bread tastes like? i would like to try it one day, but, the recipe is really complicated  i want to try a rice ball, too "
"found a japanese grocery store in <propmale>  i need to go check it out! they sell bento, rice balls and sushi! i  love  sushi!"
i have an interview coming up  wish me luck!
"i was reading gakuen <propfemale> last night, and i felt bad for one of the characters  luca, practically confessed his love to mikan, but, she doesn't seem to get it  everybody notices that luca has feelings for mikan except mikan herself  i wanted to cry for poor luca-pyon!"
i'm at the place where my interview is  i hope i get the job!
i finally got a job!
j  k  rowling is on oprah!
"i'm playing harvest <propfemale>, and somehow my horse has gotten stuck in the wall of the stable  that's a really weird glitch    "
"i just finished reading volume 9 of wild ones and i was in total fangirl mode  there is one volume left, which i need to get  with the actions that just happened in 9, it looks like there is going to be a happy ending, and my favorite pairing is going to happen  i love shojo manga! x3"
start training fo my new job tomorrow  i'm a little nervous to be honest    
it's october now  shouldn't it be cooler by now?
first week of training is finally over!
i have my first test in my training class on thursday  i hope i pass!
"today is my first test in training  i'm a little nervous, but i am sure i'll be fine!"
i passed my retest i took on friday! i was really worried there for a moment  got a phone call from teleperformance saying that they had my test results  i thought they were going to tell me i failed  i was so relieved i started to cry 
i didn't get my new cellphone today  they said it would be in tomorrow  i hope so  i am so excited about getting it!  smile 
i got my new phone today  it's so cool  i  love  it   smile 
i feel very miserable today  must be because i hurt a friend today    
"today is my data test  i feel more confident about this one then i did about the voice test  i'm nervous and i hardly slept, but i know what i have to do  i need to focus and read the questions carefully  pray that i pass "
i think i failed my test  it was really tough 
getting ready to take my retest  i feel more confident now  i will pass it  wish me luck and pray for me!
i found out that i failed the retest for data  i wonder what i didn't get     at least i have a <propmale> to get into another project 
woot! part one of the new <propmale> potter comes out next weekend!
part one of <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows comes out on friday! i am so excited  this week seems to be going by fast and slow  i'll just play some more fable 3  that gnome guy creeps me out    
"it's friday! and part one of <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows is out  i wanna go see it tomorrow  my little brother, <propfirst> carpenter, is supposed to go with me  i am super excited!  laugh "
wow  <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows was awesome! i can't wait for part two!
"i got into another project  i'll be customer service for abercrombie & fitch  it seems like it will be fun \\<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows is awesome!  laugh "
got most of my christmas shopping done last night     it was crazy  still have a couple more gifts to buy 
in training right now     the guy sitting next to me is being odd     
just took a test for my training  i think i did pretty well! just waiting for lunch now  i'm hungry  d:
"i passed my test! yay! actually, everyone in my class passed!"
i'll be glad when these bleach fillers will be over  i want the main story to start up again 
it's snowing again     and i gotta work all this week  can't wait till sunday 
"sprained my ankle leaving for work today  it's swollen, bruised and it hurts to walk and move  maybe i should go to the hospital "
having christmas on my dads side today  sounds like fun 
"i have work today and tomorrow  then christmas day off  i wanted to sleep in on that day, but i have stuff to do  t t"
"<propfemale> christmas everyone! i have the day off from work today  have to work tomorrow and monday, though  it's going to be crazy!"
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
why is adult swim showing re-runs? this crappy filler arc is almost over and they show the episode where this ninja dude gets his arm penatrated with tentacles! wtf? i've already seen that one! i wanna see more of ulquiorra! d:
i plan to spend my day off playing tales of vesperia while waiting for the plumber  i really hope <propfemale> hasn't pulled a kratos zelos and betrayed us all and kidnapped <propfemale> 
at work right now with a splitting headache  i can't wait until i get off at midnight 
wow  some people can rude  it's not my fault that i can't realease the payment  jerk   annoyed 
"well, it's another work day  hopefully today goes well and i don't get cussed at again "
whew  yesterday was really busy  today isn't so busy  i perfer today to yesterday though 
i just got off work  it's cold and snowy  i hate winter  i am waiting to feel the warm embrace of spring 
there is a reason i hate winter  it's called snow and cold 
so happy i have tomorrow off     hopes it stops snowing soon 
"woot! new fma episodes tonight! and i have a feeling that as soon as the bleach fillers are over, we will be getting back into the main story  can't wait to see more ulquiorra  also, i am going to ohayocon this year! i will get <propmale> ayres autograph if it's the last thing i do  i have set it as my main quest! (fables 2 & 3 reference)"
"i have ten days until ohayocon and i am so excited! i have been in a good mood since sunday  nothing can ruin my good mood! just thinking about meeting my favorite voice actor, <propmale> ayres, is enough to make me happy!"
"it's snowing outside, and you all know my feelings on the snow  but, when i think about ohayocon (9 days away), i don't mind it so much "
it's so cold out! i hate winter  i hope spring arrives soon  (7 days until ohayocon!  laugh )
"i'm for bleach to come on, and i really hope the stupid fillers are almost over  i am so tired  and six days until ohayocon!  laugh "
"tried to catch up on my shows, but i had to finish a chapter for my story that is filled with teenage angst  that took all day     and 5 days until ohayocon! x3"
"i am sitting here in the library, knowing that i have a ton of stuff i need to get done  i came in here to get 3 books and left with 9     (4 days until ohayocon!)"
my phone was completly wiped today  it was rebooting itself when i tried to use my im service  good thing they backed up my contacts and pictures  (3 days)
"well, i didn't get a picture with <propmale> ayres (i may later tonight), but i did get him to sign a hat i bought  he was nice enough to sign it for me before his panel started  i was so happy!"
"woot! finally! the main storyline of bleach started up tonight! i am so happy! i  love  ulquiorra! and i can see more of him! i'm really sleepy, but i still have fullmetal alchemist: brotherhood to watch before i go to sleep "
"i found out that my cousin is getting engaged this weekend and i was all \wtf?\"" he should not be with her  she's just using him! i can't believe this! this is not news i wanted to recieve while i was at work   annoyed """
i sprained my ankle again today when i got out of my car 
my ankle feels better today  i'm going to wear my ace bandage just in case 
"i'm getting my hair done tomorrow morning before work  i will be sure to get a new picture up soon  hope you all like  and <propmale>, i  love  you!"
"according to my cousin, <propfirst>, i am not allowed to share my opinion on his engagement  i thought i had the right the free speech  he's gotta understand that i am basing my opinion on what he has told me about her when they were broke up "
my phone is being amazingly stupid right now 
"sometimes, i really hate my job  i guess it just depends on who is calling in  today is just one of those days "
i feel bad for the japanese who lost everything in the tsunami  my heart goes out to them 
mending a broken heart is a hard thing to do  i gave him two years of my life  i don't regret it and i never will  i still care for him very much and i always will    
i am slowly putting the pieces back together  it will take time to put back together 
