cb33e0d447cdca854597a2e3a8a15162
"on duty on mirceas b day  then checkin in to sgts course tomorrow on my wifes b day  duty recovery, whats that???"
"if the stupidity doesn't end, i'm gonna rip someone throat out "
thank goodness for weightlifting   its more therapy than fitness   
what a messed up dream   
"looking to offer free guitar classes, preferably through a volunteer network for local underprivileged kids  if anyone has any information as to where i could find out more, please let me know!!!"
   killed my phones battery playing mafia wars at work   boredom sets in   
tgif     maybe some beer tonight???
the wife wont shut up about us never doing anthing lol
so my wife shut up cuz we went and took pictures lol
mondays halfway over already  going by quick 
"so chunk knew that i've been making fun of him   he shredded\my carpet in my apartment "
"best guitar advice i've ever heard is what i just read: until you find a better way to practice, practice anyway "
"awesome   so every other person in my section is getting pca'd to different units, i'm the only one left, and i don't know <propfirst> about my work  three days to learn everything  great   "
why is the damn blender leaking?!!?
<propfemale> just made an amazing peruvian chicken and rice meal  so good!!!
i cant believe the buzz that my main pic is making  its just a caveman lifting a sabertooth fat ass   
inspiration is preceded by initiative  it rarely takes the initiative to inspire you beforehand 
"tonigh, i really whooped the first solo on the song that im learning, had some beer, and watched my wife try on a bunch of her new bras she bought  life is good for a wednesday lol"
"tomorrow is friday, and it is a half day at work, thank goodness   "
looking forward to my weekly date with my wife! we are going to fredericksberg to shop at wal-mart!!! lol  yup   a thirty minute drive cuz they dont have a super wal-mart in stafford  thats how we married folk roll on fridays!
grilled some ribeyes and hamburgers for dinner tonight  turned out pretty good!
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in \their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> \for an amount up to, and including, their life  that is an honor, and \there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember \that fact  copy and paste this as your status    if you are a veteran"
just ordered my krank revolution jr half stack!!!! cant wait for it to get here so i can jam!!!!
ate at famous <propmale>'s tonight   awesome barbeque food!!!!
"sun   friggin   burn    tip of advice: if you live like a vampire, dont decide to stay out in the pool for 3 hours in direct sunlight all at once   "
i love short work weeks   makes the weekend come so much faster 
ambien kicks ass 
my amp i bought has been on back order for the past 5 days! when will it come in?!
getting pissed   my krank rev amp is still on back order    theyve been pushing the e playful ected date back for 2 weeks!!!
looking forward to getting off work and being home with my wife!
heading to the national mall to check out the smithsonian institutes with my wifey! pictures will be uploaded soon!
"just got home from the national mall (which was amazing) getting lost in the ghetto (every red light was scary), and fighting traffic (typical)  took a quick shower, getting dressed, and taking my wife to \the melting pot\"" down in fredericksberg for dinner!"""
so i cancelled my order for the krank rev jr   and put a peavey 6505 on order through guitar center!!!! should be here in two days!!!
peavey 6505 is here and it is friggin nasty!!!! definately enjoying it!!!
today marks two crazy amazing years that my wife and i have known each other  i love you dear and look forward to you giving me gray hairs and high blood pressure for all the years to come!
"ok   im 45 minutes from dc   why cant any bands that i like play around here   its a complete void of metal music here   of course, much to pams delight, lady gaga will be here in septemember   "
"spent the 4th sitting under the washington monument watching a huge fireworks display in a sea of humanity  let me tell you   disney world, universal studios, and six flags combined would never equal the amount of people that were waiting in \line\"" to get on the metros and go home   holy crap   """
"finally spent a lil money on the mustang   tinted windows, shifter knob, steering wheel cover, seat covers   and cant forget the fuzzy dice!"
"go figure   hot as hell for the past two weeks at work and on my day off, it looks like its going to rain  at least its cooler outside   "
selling my amp to buy performance parts for my mustang   long overdue modifications!
my peavy amp has been sold   now   to order parts for my mustang
stupid dream+no sleep=crappy monday
"getting ready for my lunchtime run, actually looking forward to it today!"
two more days and its the weekend   
i   want   off   work   now    
"waking up late on a saturday morning and just stretching out, knowing you dont got nowhere to race off to is probably one of the greatest feelings in the world   "
"go figure, im ready to finally drop some money into my car, and the paint has just started bubbling and peeling off the hood  fml    "
on duty   
it's awesome when the company gunny doesn't show up for duty changeover  25 hours and counting   
i miss you   
upgraded coil packs and new spark plugs for my car and it is running sweet! now to get it to the shop to install the 3 73 gears    
taking the mustang to fredericksberg tomorrow to get my 3 73 gears installed and the differential rebuilt  its gonna be a good day   
"dropped the mustang off for modifications at 9 this morning, cleaned the apartment til 1 smile 0 and just woke up from a two hour nap ready to go eat supper and my car isnt finished yet lol   "
"i want to say how proud i am of my sis sammy she finally finished cosmetology school! shes shown true perseverance&faced everything a girl could  be it pregnancy, a shitty spouse, helping a sick grandma, a bad divorce, a single mom,sammy saw it all and is inspiring to me! no matter what came at her, she gave no excuse and whooped ass for over a year when others wouldve gave up! congrats sis, i love ya!"
"got the mustang back yesterday, and holy crap   why didnt i do a gear swap sooner?! felt like a 20 horsepower gain just from changing the size of the gear!!!!!"
"i seem to have misplaced my \skip friday and go straight to saturday morning\"" button   """
"i love it   finally finish the cmr, now im told i have a cft tomorrow morning   oh wait   im scheduled for a cft during my annual training two days later  the response from the head shed? \well you arent required to take either for score \"" i love it   """
i dont care who your are  everyone needs to get the new black label society album  its mandatory for life and stuff 
"so apparently, when psychiatrists are prescribing you zoloft, its not a requirement that they inform you that if you ever stop taking it, youll go through withdraws like a crackhead  what a weekend this has been   "
"so a stray cat follows us home, we bring it in and give it food, then it starts hauling ass all over our bathroom, growling and drooling   yeah   his ass went right back outside   "
"booze, cigars, music and a quiet virginian night   life is good "
"if you want something done, tell me in plain f*cking language, so that i dont feel the need to throw a chair at you"
disturbed doing a meet and greet at the quantico px on the 30th   sweet   
today is the day   
finally got it   
first ride on my harley    its beyond words   
"i installed the sissy bar on the bike yesterday, today i gotta clean cat puke, do dishes, go to the gym to shred shoulders, and then ill be taking the <propmale> out for a cruise "
one more boring hour until gym time   
"gym was good to me today, thanks to my brother chow for showing me the bodyspace   i might just start one up now   "
"today is one of those days where i'm thankful for the gym and my harley   otherwise, a certain someone would've gotten their throat ripped out "
i'm finding it more and more difficult to not call out ignorant assholes that clutter up the human <propfirst> pool  go die 
it brings me so much joy to find someone driving while talking on their cell phone and ride my <propmale> next to them at the same speed with the engine roaring   
"100 reps of powercleans, 22 minutes of cardio on a row machine, 88 reps of kettle ball sumo squats and medicine ball throws   "
"super pump before motorcycle course is a bad idea  i wanted to kill the guy in front of me for taking the turn too slow, and its on a training circuit!"
loves lamp
women come a dime a dozen  its finding one worth keeping thats difficult  glad i already have  i love ya boo
famous daves = amazing  bathroom time afterwards = demonic
gas chamber today  it was weak as hell 
was thinking about selling one of my guitars so i could buy custom parts for my <propmale>  played through all three to see which one was gonna go   it aint happening 
charbroil grill and then went to centreville for cox farm's fields of terror  a haunted maze through a corn field and a pretty cool hayride  really good time!!!
i could be bored out of m mind all day long and wouldnt hear from anyone  i lay my head down on a pillo for a nap for 20 minutes and my phone blows up  always   
congratulations to <propfirst> and <propfemale> crochet on a beautiful wedding yesterday!!!
"awesome   sat in a silverado all weekend with no sleep at the <propfemale> corps marathon in dc for no reason, finally getting home at 8 at night on halloween just to get a speeding ticket and then its back to work tomorrow at noon  glad <propmale> and <propfemale> left my broke ass some liquor   fml"
cant wait for my brother friggin j to get up here so we can raise some hell!!!! our wives will never see us again!!!
wow! thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!! im feeling pretty popular!
you know your cat is sick when you come home and have to clean up 6 different piles of puke   find something youre good at and just go with it i guess cuz he friggin went for it   
i eat cabbage 
took a ride on the <propmale> up to the arlington national cemetery today to pay my respects  i met a group of vietnam vets that are part of an organization based out of ft myers  pretty cool 
this is the first time in a  long time that im looking forward to a wednesday 
d t a
"happy thanksgiving everyone  cooking our first turkey together, wish us luck "
"a cozy day at home, just me and the wife having a candlelit thanksgiving dinner, definately something to be thankful for"
change your profile pic to one of your favorite childhood cartoon characters in memory of abused children! join the fight against child abuse!! the goal is to have no human picture's on fb profile's until mon  dec 6  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!
"on this day over 80 years ago, the world was blessed with a woman the likes of which will never be forgotten  completely irreplaceable, beautiful, and compassionate beyond human nature  we love you <propfemale> <propfemale> sands, forever in our hearts "
guitar lesson tonight  hell yeah
guitar lesson cancelled last night   hell no   
catching a cold and had to get my flu immunization today  i feel fantastic 
i love florida 
"just ordered a suprise for my wife   now i get to torture her with suspense  ah, the subtle joys of marriage   "
root canal at 3 smile 0 this afternoon  awesomness   
"you are your only judge  the stones others throw, and the hateful stares may hurt, but your liberation lies within  people are animals and the worse breed of all  looked at as such, you realize how truly worthless their condemnations are "
ready for the gym   half hour away   
will be glad when this contracted security officer certification course will be done  0545 am to midnight everyday is wearing down a bit   
"ok   an hour of sleep maybe, and im fully awake and actually not wanting to strangle anyone   wtf???"
"woke up today and thought to myself \i should call <propfemale> and see how shes doing\"""""
cant wait for my ltd fx360 to get here!!!! now to save up enough for an engl savage   
"dear monster energy:   thank you  from the very first sip, i feel the difference  > surprise "
just found out the new devildriver album drops on feb  22nd   its gonna be a good month 
"looking over my facebook newsfeed, it would appear that a lot of people got drunk last night, and many more woke up too early  me on the other hand, fell asleep watching religulous and woke up at 11 smile 0 today"
what a sleepy monday    
i   want   my   bike   back   
i love picking up the guitar and remembering songs out of the blue that i used to play a long time ago   memories   
"finding it very irritating that everytime i create a huge empire on \spore\"" in the space age that the game decides to shit itself and wont let me load my saved file   """
had to get my jaw bone grinded down cuz it was poking through the side of my gums   tells you what kind of weekend im having!
new devildriver cd whoops that ass
"change profile picture to a photo of your pet, or any other animal  the idea is to not have pictures on facebook of humans until february 28 to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse  if you are also against animal abuse, copy and paste this message on the wall!\ everyone i know should change their picture    lets let the world know that we are in a majority   not a minority smile """
"r ip <propfirst> february 27th 2011  i didnt know you as well as i would have liked, but you made every encounter ive ever had with you special, whether it was your stories from world war 2, or just small talk in general  you will be missed, but never forgotten "
"getting my wife into pantera   goddamn this music brings back awesome memories, rip dimebag <propmale>"
i wish i had the ability to hack into youtube and delete certain videos   
march 7th will be a glorious day
the gym felt sooo good today  love getting back to it after missing out on it for a while 
hope your happy pam   changed my main pic for you
damn it hurts to look at pictures of family members that have long since departed   dont ever take a single moment for granted
"awesome how my endurance is so much lower when i go to the gym in the morning than in the afternoon  thats fine, id rather go at my weakest that way i dont get lazy"
the best helping hand you will ever find is at the end of your own wrist 
who wouldve thought that by waking up an hour and a half earlier to go to the gym in the morning instead of during lunch would make me feel so much better during the day     \\m 
r i p <propfirst> starr   moved on to tear it up with <propfemale> now 
cant wait til payday to preorder the limited edition box set of amon amarths new cd!
"i hate the word \sampler\"""""
wow from a completely boring day to a very satisfying one   my supplements arrived and i just got hired to start working weekends
had a dream i bought a <propfirst> jcm 800 full stack   is this a vision of the future??? one could only hope   
"what fits your schedule better: working out one hour a day, or being dead 24 hours a day?"
"i love the haters  if you dont have a bike   or you dont even ride   please, dont talk shit on harleys   it just makes me love mine even more in spite of you "
friends: i would like to say sorry for poluting your facebook news feed with the typical and very vague bitching and complaining the likes of which everyone else does  it wont happen again   i promise 
first official day of work at my weekend security job   makin that money!
one more hour
"black and white  no grey areas  you either progress, or regress "
s d m f
loves lamp
another quiet evening working security! gotta love it!
lets get this party started   math placement test on friday and then english placement test on the following wednesday
"two really great, like new guitars for sale! message me for more info"
"dear mother nature,\\                everyone drops the ball, or maybe you are just being a bitch   but spring is here so get this winter garbage out of here!!!\\thanks,\everyone"
"so stoked to have my <propmale> back  i don't care if it is 37 degrees outside right now, im riding!!!!"
math placement test today for college   gifd!!!
new amon amarth album=equals complete badassity
"wasnt as pleased with <propfemale> wars: red harvest as i'd hoped to be    too short of a read and the \main characters\"" werent really there   """
"scapulae back, rhomboids tightened   makes every rep count!"
<propmale> and hines big radius pipes should be here thursday   can't wait!
wow  finally started playing mgs2: sons of liberty   what a great game so far 
budsgunshop com is awesome   just thought i'd let everyone know that 
ya know i couldnt believe it even when mom said it   but zakk wylde really did perform on american idol with that durbin kid   i bet 98% of the audience didnt even know who zakk was   
"to the driver of the mitsubishi eclipse that i smoked tonight: its said that in the rain, on a wet road with bald tires, even after you tried to jump the gun on me, that i still managed to pull a car length on your ass between the stoplight and 60 mph  if you spent more time turning wrenches and behind the wheel, and less time beating off over <propfirst> <propmale> in the fast and the furious, you might have had a <propmale> son!"
cant wait to get the hell out of work and install the new wheels and brake caliper covers on the mustang  pics will be up soon 
incredible   i've had my car for five years and in that time ive had maybe 3 random compliments on it  i put new wheels on it and ive had someone say good things about it everyday for the past 2 weeks!
you know its a good session of racquetball when you tear your skin open while competing
"ok enough is enough   yes, a <propmale> got married, big deal  airing it live was enough  i work overnight, and i'm sick and tired of seeing all these recaps of these boring ass english people having a big boring ass english wedding incessantly!"
just completed my concealed <propfemale> class online   now to get it to the courthouse on monday to get my permit 
"so   are the seals responsible for obl's death splitting the 28 million dollar reward, or are they getting jacked out of the money?"
im really enjoying crossfit   always a different challenge everyday
en route to the white house in support of the wounded warrior trip  pictures will follow 
"got the photos of me and my marines meeting the president up, yes i know, some of the photos are sideways, i'll fix those later "
"saw thor tonight with my boo  great movie, made even better because my wife was there "
