1319fac86c5b7295e68c29e1fab9d305
is still giggling at the image of grae saying hello to each goat at the childrens' zoo with a warm and firm embrace   super cute!
grae finished his summer reading today   we'll be moving on to the great books 
"enjoyed a lovely dinner with a few friends, is missing her hard-working husband, and hopes grae doesn't wake up at 6 again tomorrow!"
"has much to be thankful for:  friends, a wonderful husband who brings home the bacon, and a toddler that keeps her giggling and on her toes!"
is disturbed that two magazines catalogs that arrived in the mail had pumpkins on the front   did i miss something?
had to cover her mouth with a napkin as <propfirst> shared the story of <propmale> and the chariot of fiery neigh-neighs 
has a mystery smell in her bedroom that the dogs have no doubt contributed   it's reminiscent of old shrimp   gross!
mystery solved   too gross to talk about   we just had a wonderful dinner at fleming's with friends   i'm too hyped on chocolate caramel pecan pie to sleep just yet 
is it weird that i am strangely drawn to the hairstyle in my yearbook yourself photo?  a little less teasing and hairspray and i think it could be cute   my valiant effort to grow out the locks may be coming to a quick end 
ready for worship and praying that <propfirst> feels better 
is wasting time on facebook and avoiding the bomb that went off in her kitchen   i want to know how moms keep up with all of the mess 
"thinks that a popsicle on the front steps with her favorite little man may be her favorite summer memory   what made it better was the \keekyou mommy\"" (translation:  thank you mommy) that was unsolicited"""
had a wonderful weekend with my guys   now dreading the monotony of minutia   why does there have to be a verse about being faithful in the little things?
thinks it's hysterical and sad that i spent my night watching a documentary on jewish matchmaking   a gute nakht! biz shpeter!
thank you for all of the wonderful birthday wishes!  i'm slowly adjusting to the fact that i am now in my mid-thirties!
is still giggling about grae's diaper romp in the rain   what a precious picture!
is watching australia tonight after <propfirst> goes to work   anybody in?
thinks it's weird that i still feel excited about back to school when i've been out of the classroom for a year and a half   maybe i'll have to buy some new pencils and notebooks!
"grae hid his face and then popped out and said \teddy boo\""  i think that may be the cutest word substitution ever   he also said \""dokie dokie\"" cause <propfirst> says okie dokie all the time   precious!"""
is enjoying my last week of complete freedom before my teaching rotation begins   how did i ever work 5 days a week? i'm glad it's only 5 hours a week!   it's beautiful today   any ideas on how to occupy a very active 20 month old?
needs the coupon inserts from this sunday's paper   anybody have them and not using?
had a fun? weekend camping in the rain   glad to be at home on this <propfemale> and lovely day!  come out and see <propfirst> and orphan project tonight!
is trapped in bad friday night tv purgatory   why can't i just switch it off?
"has freezing feet, itchy eyes, and a stuffy nose   curse you ragweed!!!!!"
"cannot wait to have new carpet installed   after 9 years of complaining, i am looking forward to stain free plush pile under my toes in the morning "
has an une playful ected few minutes while grae catches a snooze in his cribby   what to do?
is perplexed   i know i packed up the leftover roast beef au jus for <propfirst>'s lunch last night   how could i have lost an entire roast beef sandwich   i'm going insane!!!
orphan project was amazing at ram's head last night!  the lead singer is a hottie!
holla to my stay-at-homies out there!  i need some help keepin my crib all sparkly   shout out yo best tips       peeace
"had a fun night of possible illegal firebowl fun on the deck with my men   don't tell the <propfemale>   next time s'mores   who's in? (yes we do have a fireproof mat underneath, lest you think us total idiots)"
must        have       coffee      
wants to know how many of her friends are considering the h1n1 vaccine for their kids 
"oops, i didn't mean to start a ruckus!  as for myself, i am probably going to get the vaccination   grae is showing some signs of asthma, and that puts him at a higher risk   at this point, though, it's a moot point because the vaccine isn't even available in our area  this is a reminder that god is ultimately sovereign in all things   i think the risk of death from the h1n1 trumps any other concerns i may have "
"is enjoying a morning of coffee and handy manny with her little man   yesterday he sat on the couch smiling and clutching his two \calculaydahs\""   future engineer?"""
thinks her sink has a stomach bug   it keeps throwing up dishes all over her counter   yikes!
"may spontaneously combust   i'm getting ready for paint and new carpeting, helping with a wedding, attending a baby shower, prepping for the adoption fair, shopping and packing for a week long fall campout, teaching 2 homeschool c surprise p classes       and all before tuesday   can you say overcommitted?"
"thinks its super cute that my littlun continues to request replays of his recently recorded rendition of \jesus loves me\""  will he follow in his daddy's footsteps?"""
"lots of fun today!  a big boy bed, and a screening interview for adoption #2 are on the list of fun stuff!"
"gobble, gobble, gobble!  coffee, a little man in spidey jammies, pumpkin muffins, a husband who fixed my overstuffed dresser drawer before crashing after night work       some of the best blessings from the lord!"
"is thankful for a healthy little boy with lots of energy   trying to be more like <propfirst> than <propfemale> is a challenge, but then i am reminded of the precious moments the lord has given me today and my  that my busyness can wait "
"is beyond tired this morning   i need coffee in an iv, stat!"
"had a great night fellowshipping with the college and career peeps   lots of laughs, refined sugar, and thanksgiving   we are blessed!"
is excited to rub the ravens' win in all of my p'burgh peeps faces 
needs encouragement today 
doing much better today   thank you to friends a family for lots of support and love   just needed a wake-up call that i'm not in charge of of my life!
is enjoying christmas fun with her men   we have been doing the <propfirst> tree for advent and tonight we watched the grinch and <propmale>   grae just soaks it all up 
is delighted to have a beautiful snowstorm to enjoy!
is sorting through the aftermath      
"is praying that my precious, spunky, almost 2 year old stops coughing and feels better tomorrow!"
"just wondering if this qualifies as a bad day:  while making grilled cheese for my toddler with a vicious upper respiratory infection and recovering from  whiplash from a fall during an icy hike to swallow falls, my dog decides to pee and poop all over my dining room rug   nothing like wrangling a toddler, scooping poop, and making grilled cheese to make a girl feel special "
"i love snow days!  we are snowed in for a weekend of family fun!  we've got at least 20\ so far   it has taken <propfirst> over an hour to shovel off our deck so it doesn't fall off of our house   homemade doughnuts in the bread machine and plans to get snowed in with friends!  yippee!  this is the stuff of memories!"""
snow! snow? snow
"<propfemale> and shrek lankford - been together for 14 years, married for 12   we are the only 2 people who could put up with one another "
<propfirst> + <propfemale> + muse = awesome
anybody have a good cheap eatery suggestion?     <propfirst> and i are headed to 1st mariner for a concert and want to grab a yummy bite 
is avoiding anything related to housework today 
"pray for us, tonight is night one of big boy bed   will he ever go to sleep?"
night #3 of mission big boy bed complete   it seems to be getting easier which terrifies me 
home with a sick little bear   woke up with a fever   praying that he'll feel better soon!
what a beautiful day!  my boys are both better!
"it may snow tomorrow because i finally got my butt exercising tonight      it was almost fun   if i had cute workout clothes, i'd think it was more fun!  !"
off to the farmers' market!
<propfirst> has ruined me for coffee   i made my own and it seemed so weak compared to the mud we drink every morning   no wonder i feel so tired!
"camping!  blue skies, white fluffy clouds, birds tweeting, and cow manure       what else could a girl want on a friday morning "
potty training day 2 
"is now the wife of a seminary student (yes, <propfirst>)"
is wondering if you can die from allergies      
will he ever stay in his bed?
thank you lord for the sunshine!
"grae just lined up his stuffed animals for an \aundience\""  he is sitting in a chair saying \""ladies and gendlemans\""  i wonder where he gets that  smile """
does anyone have a portable dvd player we can borrow?  we're going on a 9 hour car ride on friday      
"spending the best long weekend with our best friends from college, <propfirst> and <propfemale> palanski!  sorry we have to leave tomorrow!"
sooo       sleepy       must      have      coffee      
"is laughing that grae's new obsession is a monster truck video      i mean we do live in harford county, but really?"
stuck at home while <propfirst> plays in the softball playoffs and my truck sits in the shop       curse you broken ac!
"oh lovely lazy day, where have you been all summer?"
back from the er with a croupy little man      had trouble breathing after his nap   now he's loaded on steroids and super hyper   happy 4th  wink 
"grae is doing much better today   yesterday he was not himself because of the steroids, but seems to have bounced back to his perky happy self   thanks for the prayers!"
anybody in bel air used the produce depot?  wondering if it is worth the trip      
anybody in bel air want to split a box of organic produce from a c surprise p with me?  it would be a great assortment for about $25   let me know!
<propfirst>'s off to the special olympics in nebraska       with lock laces   pray for his flight!
"anyone in harford county that needs a car wash       our mission's trip team will be washing cars at new covenant (128 st  <propfirst>'s church rd) from 8 smile 0-11 smile 0   all donations will go to our trip to cherokee, nc, where we'll be ministering to the elderly of the cherokee nation   come out and support these kids on this very hot day  smile "
up super late getting our profile ready for our home study on friday       darn my scrapbooking ocd 
"headed off to cherokee, nc with the fam tomorrow to minister to the cherokee people at a nursing home   pray for a safe journey and for a fruitful week  smile "
thank you all for the awesome birthday wishes   you made arriving at my mid-thirties a pleasure!
pray for my mom who is having <propmale> back surgery as we speak 
mom's surgery went well   she's recovering and we e playful ect that she will be home by sunday   thanks for the prayers and kind thoughts!
college and career bible study tonight at 7 smile 0   girls are starting a new study!!
we went geo-caching at otter point with neighbors   so much fun!
"potty training bootcamp today       lollipops, fruit snacks, lemonade, and stickers       hoping to be pull-up free by friday "
"day 2 of potty training was a success!  only one accident yesterday!  prepping myself for some accidents today   all in all, not a bad program "
"potty training was a success!  we know there will be accidents along the way, but only 2 so far in the last 3 days!  woo hoo grae!"
"in planning our first week long vacation in years, i look at the weather forecast for oc, nj   how special that there is precipitation predicted for everyday but the last   priceless "
"being married to <propfirst> always involves a crazy story       met a supermodel on the beach today as she was playing with her daughter  when i was tempted to dislike her as i stood in my ratty t-shirt and mom bathing suit, we found out that she and her husband are committed christians and that she played a small part in elf (my fave christmas movie) , of which her husband was a writer and producer "
any of my ncpc friends willing to switch toddler room with me for sunday?  i'll gladly fill in in either toddler or nursery for you 
great news!  received a call on friday that <propfemale> has a baby for us!  he is 10 days old and has downs syndrome   welcome to another lankford family adventure!
<propfirst> and i both forgot that it is our anniversary today   we both started laughing   i wonder why we forgot?  smile 
bringing home baby knox tomorrow!!!  grae asked if we could go to the store and get him today   so funny!
my adorable baby and big bro are doing wonderfully although the sounds through the monitor sound like a velociraptor 
the good news is that our amazing church family is bringing us meals until early nov   the bad news is that i think our oven crapped out yesterday   the timing is good though  smile 
"oven problem solved by an awesome neighbor with appliance e playful ertise and a husband who was willing to drive 20 minutes to get a part and then come back and fix it   all in his first day back to \work\""   what a blessing that the office is our basement  smile """
knox had his first doctor's appt  today   he's gained almost a lb and the doctor couldn't hear a murmur   good news all around!
back from my first solo trip to the grocery store with my little men   i'm exhausted and i can see that november will be a great time to work on teaching contentedness and thanksgiving!
"had the best girls' night out with local <propmale> and adoptive moms at open door cafe   great conversation, great ladies, great cream of crab soup!"
"anyone want to wrap presents, bake cookies, and watch a movie tonight?"
"playing on my kindle while <propfemale> baby, overtired three-year old, and sick husband sleeps "
listening to my littlest person giggle and coo at his own reflection   super cute!
bereans girls' study cancelled tonight due to impending white stuff  smile 
"spent the evening in the hospital with knox       croup   because of his ds, he's more prone to getting croup   he's happy today, but still has a nasty cough "
"college and career ladies, i need to know if you are planning to come tonight   if not, we'll cancel until next week   miss you!"
bereans women's study cancelled       catch up next week!
my big guy loves voltron      oh the memories 
my pittsburgh friends are strangely quiet today       they must have eaten too much cheese  sad 
"women's study of philippians tonight at my house, 7 smile 0   come out for a time of good study and fellowship in a relaxed (euphemism for <propfirst>) atmosphere  smile   text me if you have questions 443-610-9856"
"grae:  when i grow up, i want a girlfriend \us:  where did you learn about that?\grae:  sunday school (it seems miss <propfemale> is branching out       wink wink)\us:  who will she be?\grae:  i haven't decided yet "
