231157f7816ac66a5d431f9d05138799
bored!!! wrestling was fun though 
ima headed to the pool to work on math and then go swimming 
this is a rorsharch test results from a test i took test results sickness quotient: 99% warning: your sickness quotient of 99% is very disturbing  detailed diagnosis     * interpersonal insights       you complain about everything regardless of what it is
"so everyone, there is going to be d&d tomorrow, prolly just a dungeon crawl, but storyline is entirely possible   ill be running the campaign which will probably run a span of a couple weeks  your characters will start with 6 levels, and based off of how "
going to m10 today at tss    ill be leaving my house around 12 smile 0 to bike there    only about 6-7 <propmale>  one of which is uphill 
night all    got school and wrestling tommorrow
"night all    btw wrestling is painful    but fun  join it if you have the time, or if you want to get out of doing pe "
sooo bored     anyone wanna go watch <propmale> potter w me?
"oh woe is me, for if thy world ends, all those non-christian babies, and indians, and anyone else shall be sent to hell     that annoys me  just got back from wrestling  the wrestling team is interested in getting waterpolo players to join, be it male or "
i have a phone again! most opf you should have my number    ask if you dont 
favorite song: your brains
ramen is pure awesome    thank god for noodles  they have touched us all    spaghetti!
d&d today  2pm if you want to come it will be at my place  bring chips 
"part of next week i will be at my grandfathers house working on building his car  cant do anything all week prolly, though friday is possible "
"bored, sick, and tired  if anyone wants to chat, now is a good t"
"hit x for an additional 4-7   hit y for an additional 1-8   set starting value to 1-4   bust on a 21+   20 pays 400,  19 pays 300,  18 pays 250,  17 pays 200,  16 pays 100,  all other #'s pay 0   cost to play: 200 per round "
"so, d&d, for anyone who is interested, will either be thursday or friday at noon  call me and tell me if you are considering coming on either date    once i know which one people can go to the date for d&d will be set to that "
just got done with registration    so stupid what they make us go through   
happy! happy! joy! joy! happy! happy! joy!
"regarding d&d    okay, so friday, is that good for everyone? at noon and we break a couple hours early?    if you know people who are interested in playing as well, invite em over     pm me if you are coming"
bored    internets! entertain me!               damn  didn't work
"1 question, 1 honest answer  you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox) any question any thing  no matter how awkward can be, ill answer it honestly, no catch  but i dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you"
blegh     bored and bored    nothing to do and nobody to do it with    lets blow up a car!
"there are no stupid questions, but there are inquisitive idiots "
"hockay  so  i has gaming night set up for people who care to join us here, we are doing a system link for halo 3 and have apples to apples, munchkin, and a number of other games  if you want to join us here just bring your own soda and food "
fml
"when life gives you lemons, your cut em open and grind em up until they are drained before sugaring their lifeblood and drinking it    we can make anything sound barbaric if we e playful lain it right"
for pony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ill be showing round 7:40 ish    maybe earlier
i hate this feeling    its like i betrayed someone when i knew it had to happen    please don't comment on this 
why do we create a world where we can do anything? is it to get away from life? to exist where you can do what we want? to go and live away from the laws that govern our behavior?  or is it simply a peaceful period of time for us where we can think of nothing but games?
"if humanity was perfect: (1) people could fall in love and be with who they wanted to    even when in a relationship  (2) there would be a cold beer in the hand of every man alive, and all sports channels would be playing twenty-four seven  (3) we couldn't exist "
"when life shows you that you can never make the right choice, what do you do? follow what it tells you to do? or try and reconcile with what you did, maybe change the hand you were dealt or try and play it a different way    and still life says \no\"""""
"can we ever truly be happy? yes  in a 1-100 <propmale>, we may find happiness    in a 1 to 10000 <propmale> we may be in  the right moment at the right time to fall in love in 1 to 100000000 <propmale> we may actually live with our love  and yet, in a 1 to 1 <propmale>, you are guaranteed to get hurt  why?"
live  love  laugh  follow these for a <propmale> at happiness  you followed them and got hurt? so did we all 
i cannot be the one who i am for if i was then i would fear myself 
i lieks mudkipz and wisdoms    and lolcatz!
yo <propfirst> carpenter <propmale> hoffman <propfirst> moening  i cant do d&d today    sorry guys    ill have you guys over friday of next week 
"what is life but the constant agony of pain, the gut whrenching feelings of joy, the peircing sting of happyness? what is life, but the feelings we feel, and the connections we make?"
"would you trade your feelings for a mute-ness that is computer-like? unable to imagine, to feel, to love, to regret, to find joy? would you trade away that which makes you into you, merely to be a shadow of a whisper of a hope of a person?"
"<propfirst>, d&d is at nathans on monday, not my house    ill send a wave to <propfirst> too "
all they do is eat sleep and poop! seriously? whats the point!
i feel like blowing something up   
"your smile sends shivers down my spine    i cant but help feel a stab of fear    even as you come closer it only makes it worse    you see anticipation    and even as our lips touch, i fear for that which is me    and my fears are well founded    because even as you kiss me    i can feel the knife scraping against my spine   "
"watching zombieland around 7, anyone wanna come ovedr and do stuff? nyway, bored so call me at home    and d&d (which is basically turned into pure munchkin) is at 2"
blegh
read below
i am completely out of texts     damnit and i went over by about 312  fml
ugh  life is painful  cant wait till friday 
"<propmale> <propmale> ‘without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer  oh, i <propmale> you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza ’ <propmale> <propmale> remember ‘i’ before ‘e,’ except in budweiser  to some it's a si playful ack, to me it's a support group  salvation in a can!"
"5 points into rush a-mancy: total to completion: 5 42turns to completion: 8lt <propmale> 3turbler 7crovius 8telva 8   average: 6 5    average squared: 42 25   ouch  that will take way too long, as the rush should be a short, startup effect which is meant to bankrupt me later on "
beta testing a game    one player is dead on turn 2
i jus lost the game    thanks <propmale>
hello world!!! (i just lost the game)
"does anyone have pills that give  you sleep? not make you go to sleep, just give you 8 hours of sleep without you having to actually fall asleep    if you do: give them to me nyow!"
"i hate my computer    it is a daily battle just to try and get it started, let alone functional  and right now i am working to do a system restore, which just happens to be the only way to get my comp operational  every  single  f*****  day  oh and btw, tomorrow i will be in whittier, so all of my plans have just been denied "
sleep sounds good right now    g'night 
ahoy there mateys! are ye be sailin' with pride?
"cap'n <propfirst> <propfemale> laptops suck5 shots o' rum ago  · weigh in · arrr, this be pleasin' to me eye "
i dont like homework   
"listening to linkin park, setting up my homework playlist    while im doing homework    yes  i am that board  \\^^ "
"for some wierd reason, no matter where i am, i am not there    i am merely here "
"hokay  soh, tommorow is liek saturday  right? jah  soh, i was tinking we goh swimming tommorow morning  anyone who wants to go you are welcome to at the sun and sail club at    10 am+"
"hey    if you got my number i am open to call's   if not, pm me for it and we might talk  or get on skype  i am daemonwelsh  find me "
so sorry    my computer is acting up
facebook just killed my day 
sleep
nomnomnom  ihml
vini vidi vici 
life does not favor me    not at all 
"i will be completley honest for 72 hours   you can ask one question(in my inbox)  any questions, no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get  smile  -syd"
here is a 2012 discussion 
"harrasment, even over the internet is a criminal offense and as such can mean both a school must take discaplinary action, and the police must take additional action  with the advent of websites such as facebook and myspace, cyberbullies are easier to catch, and as such are caught if the individual who is being harrased deciedes to report it "
(a paragraph on the positive aspects of war )
wrestling  painful  tough  and worth every second  just got back from rocking san-clemente and dana-hills    with 8 guys on the team! (5 forefits)    el toro jv is amazing 
bored out of my mind     want to do something tomorrow if anyone is intersted    or maybe monday too 
"e playful ect everything, when the shtf you will be able to look around and say: \i have a plan for this  \"""""
"just got back from wrestling varsity, 2 wins, 2 losses"
"life is about trying  no matter what, even if you fail, there is a way to continue, to do better  life is about second <propmale>3s  and third one's too  consider the new year a second <propmale> again  mistakes that were made can be fixed  just try  or if you listen to yoda, just succeed "
"wrath  an interesting emotion which has wormed it's way past all defenses i built to combat such things  now i feel consumed by wrath, and all it's allies "
"i cannot text  if you want to talk to me, messege me in my e-mail  i may not be able to get back to you for a while    i cannot however text whatsoever "
it is time to focus on the postive aspects in life  4 years and i will have my aa and be in the airforce  just 4 years 
"ahem    lemme get ready    okay  one, two, three:  wraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggghhh!"
this is me bored and unable to concentrate    ugh 
commander grimes worked us hard today    so sore   
"open house was great    only unfortuntate thing about it was the parents  oh well, can't please everyone "
"hey all, if you be joining me for d&d then pm me and ill drop you my address                                                                                            if no d&d players interested, then munchkin instead                                                                                                                                                                                      all of this is at 2"
resons not to screw with ghengis khan:
"please put this on your status if you know, \or are related to, someone killed on the death <propfemale>  my wish for \2010 is that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a \band of terrorist scum  the galactic empire wants only to bring \peace to the galaxy, but these rebels continue to kill our brave \brothers in white   93% of u won't copy and paste this  will you \make this your status for at least one hour?"
"as i lay, sprawled on the floor, the thought flitted around in my head, an unbidden one  yet it was a welcome one  i closed my eyes  peace for the very first time "
"the weekend aproaches    i think i feel the weight of my family mounting onto my shoulder's    this weekend is going to change my life one way, or another    i can only hope that i do what is honorable "
"today i have learned something new  people are never who you think they are  i am reminded of the <propmale> of war  speak with a man for twenty years on evry subject, eat meals with him and sleep in the same house with him  then hold him over a volcano, and you will have truly met the man "
last day of jungle book! show up at 7 everyone!
"becca <propfemale> muri\ <propfirst> domines\ <propfemale> <propfemale> stevenson\these are your targets"
"fun day today  had fun at the beach, and now my back is <propfemale> red    note to self: apply sunscreen more oftne, especially on overcast days "
back is now healed    mostly    i think 
"i love  waking up at 4 am! my day is just going to keep getting better? oh boy!\ (i dont know if that was sarcasm or not    hmmm)"
am i seriouslly the only person that gets up around this time normally? hmm     ah well 
"will be writing about hate  when its done, i will be posting a link on here for people to glare at until it dares them to click "
"ah  the barren, lifeless e playful anse of sand and stone  second in variety of life to only the amazon  fml it took a while to get through vegas  2-3 hours or something  as a side note, vegas has waaay to many strip clubs "
"oh, <propmale>, i need you to make sure you read the front door  i need the packet that you will be picking up  thanks big brother "
just got back from a week up in colorado! that was fun 
inbox only  tellme something you've always wanted to tell me  it will stay between thetwo of us  post this as your status and see what you get [please do this! i wanna know!!!]
"phone was gone  mutter fand es unter der couch  zum glück hatte es noch eine gebühr  ich für jeden, den ich nicht in kontakt mit darauf zurückzuführen, dass wurden zu entschuldigen "
http annoyed  www freenightoftheater net shows show_listings cfm
"hey my friend <propfirst> wants to know if anyone could lend him a p90x system, he is willing to pay $30  so let me know okay"
"halo reach  amazing game  i love online play, because i get to kick ass on the annoying middleschooler's on an even playing field "
all my documents have been transferred over to a new computer  why is this less fulfilling than i want it to be? (and why does this make me sad????)
80 days? more like 10 ba-giga-billion-million-trillion props 
pain? or joy    both actually  laire was epic today 
"god once asked me a question  i lied to him, and thought i got away with it  years later, only now do i realize, the answer was yes, and i had been lying yo myself the entire time "
"\i will ruin you!\"" \""what i love is you\""  climactic moment between ratio and allah gold in the backstroke of the west """
"<propmale> potter  why did they have to screw with kreacher? ah well  good little flick  didn't get the same feeling of epicness, and it all seemed a little bit    rushed  "
"<propfemale> christmas  first, comes your family  second, yourself, third, your friends, and fourth, your neighbors  have a <propfemale> christmas "
bye all  see you next year 
nother birthday has come and gone  relief 
"hey guys  i am trying to get an ipad which costs $500  i have 275 already, and i need help coming up with the other 225  if anyone needs help with odd jobs, or if they can donate me some cash, i would be much appreciative  i am not just asking for hand outs, though they would be lovely    anyway, thanks for your help   "
"hi all  just here to let you know that the people at bevmo nearly ripped apart my brothers license when he was making his purchase  hoping you guys won't shop there, as it might happen to you in a similar manner "
"dieses warme gefühl     ich denke, es heißt, ich bin glücklich, oder zumindest liegt \    es ist wirklich ein wunderbares gefühl"
got the nook! yay  its amazing  nuff said
the one sad part about being single and at highschool? i cannot seem to find someone to help with my massage technique  alas 
"a good day  sore (haven't a clue why    need to work out more ), full, happy  a good day "
set the stage  prep the course  fetch the iron  prep the forge  let the hammer fall  let the blade be forged  let your will turn iron into  a weapon of truth  strike while the iron is hot  strike with burning steel  strike against those that would have you rot  and would gladly spill  your families blood
see below
"live your life to the fullest  have no regrets, and make no apologies  though if you must regret, regret that you held yourself to your highest standard, and regret that the players of the company no longer walk by your side, and if you must apologize, apologize for being in the best company possible, and apologize for spending it with the best of people "
