34f40ff5bc652dc1234dacdd8b1cfe42
"\em yêu anh\"""""
tôi thích g?u trúc
?????
???
b?n bi?t b?n ?ang trong tình yêu khi b?n không th? ng? vào ban ?êm vì th?c t? là cu?i cùng c?ng t?t h?n so v?i nh?ng ??c m? c?a b?n
chúc m?ng n?m m?i
????
feliz año nuevo
im gonna cut myself or committed suicide  sad ((((((((((
im in love with <propmale>  smile 
"; gosh, im hungry  and theres nothing to eat at my house  someone wanna bring me food?  wink "
; i miss you  crying 
"- can i have yo numba? can i, can i, can i?? haha  smile "
; i just want to fall into a deep dream where everything is perfect & never wake up 
"; oh, how i miss the past  lets hope the future brings the same greatness "
"; i used to be love drunk, but now im hungover  i love you forever, forever is over  ~love drunk;boyslikegirls"
; work time 
"; to the world, youre just one person  but to one person, you are the world   love "
"; sophomore-itis  is torturing me  gosh, its too early in the school year too  sighh "
; chemistry  is hard  haha
; snow snow snow   smile 
; three more classes  two more tests quizzes  one more day   smile 
; fall break wasnt very productive 
; 6 days until vail   smile 
; 13 hours until vail  smile 
"; gah, gotta write an essay  & read a few chapters  lots of homework & makeup work  ):"
; made up all of my tests  just gotta make up quizzes during class the next 2 days 
; theres so much school stuff to do ):
i wanna bang someone tonight
"\i've been thinkin' about you and how we used to be then  back when  it didn't have to end we can start again \"" ~doyouremember ; jaysean"""
; stupid facebook  nothing is working properly anymore  ):
; thanksgiving thanksgiving  lunch w  the fam  football game at invesco  camping out at best buy  go broncos!  smile 
; dang  eaglecrest website has a countdown to 2010 graduation  even the school is excited for the year to end  haha 
! imeem sold itself to myspace ?!? wtf 
; <propfemale> secret fashion show '09  smile 
"; ah, the broncos  suck  raiders! by 1 point! they had it too  just needed 1 more timeout  gosh, so disappointing "
"; mmm, vanilla bean frappacino   smile "
; 2 car crashes in 2 days  not good  \\:
; <propfemale> <propfemale> christmas!  smile 
"hates sickness  the trash can is filled w  kleenex, haha "
; done with the past  not worth my time anymore  moving on and not looking back 
; who to party with tonight? o o
; either i did my math wrong or i need a 95% on my span 3 final to keep an a  wtf !
; ohmygosh  my lowest grade is a 97%   laugh 
"; going to bed now  finally finished my chem project  ah, procrastination sucks "
; 1 final; 1 essay; 10 articles to prep  wtf 
hate homework  so im not gonna do it    right now anyways  lol
completely ran out of things to do  guess its homework time 
; mr  ehs time  whos going?  laugh 
; precalc sucks  i quit homework 
; american idol in <propmale> - bikini boy? wtf  lol
"; precalc-ness: arc sin vs  sin ^ -1  which is the inverse vs  reciprocal? haha, i forgot "
; not liking facebooks new look  hard to navigate  blahhh 
"; what?! my dad totally went behind my back & changed his bet to the saints  lamee, way to stay loyal, father  haha"
"; today is, straight up, an amazing day  laugh "
"; home  deca prep meeting at school was kinda boring  now, homework time   sad "
"; just got bit on the finger by a hamster, and now im bleeding  stupid buttons "
"; should i do my amer  lit  homework? ah, screw it  im going to bed  nightt "
"; dang, lowest grade on a pre-calc test all year   sad "
spent $250 this weekend  dangg 
"; happy birthday, oh sister of mine   smile "
; <propfirst> beiber kinda looks like a baby <propfirst> mccartney  haha
; chemistry help - is percent yield calculated w  grams or moles? o o
really miss my long hair   crying 
just woke up   smile 
"; 'dad, your shirt is ripped' *looks at shirt* 'oh, imma take it to the   ' 'tailor?' 'no, museum' wtf, haha  i love my dad "
; i love cu boulder  imma go here if not ucla   laugh 
; 41 days of school left !  smile 
; so fucking pissed ! guinnee can go fucking suck it  pure disrespect  seriously 
; colorado got its seasons all mixed up 
think im getting sick  ):
"; dang, there are weed stores on every block  haha"
watching a chinese bring it on   high school musical tv show drama movie thingy  haha its freaking hilarious 
; no ! <propfirst> <propfirst> is gone ! to a crappy team too  no me gusta  )':
"; lets go, celtics !"
; no ! why cant <propfirst> make any of his 3-pointers?!
; freaking richardson initiated that fight  <propfemale> shouldnt be blamed 
; dang  42 points ! holy crap  thats insane !
"; nhs induction ceremony - what to wear? ugh, waste of my time, really "
; 30 days of school left !  laugh 
"; no ! billups missed his last like 5 shots  hes obviously tired, why did they pass it to him? ugh "
; 29 days of school left !  laugh 
; my lakers babies won !  smile 
"; ah, swimming in school is such a hassle "
; precalc gives me headaches  anyone know how to do the homework?
"; does anyone know how to solve ideal gas laws   stoichiometry problems when something is collected \over water\""?"""
; 28 days of school left !  laugh 
"; \everybody ! get on your reflective gear ! it'll save you from the tornado !\"" haha stupid administration """
; rain   smile 
; 27 days of school left !  laugh 
"; dang, cavaliers lost  didnt e playful ect that "
dont like the lakers anymore  they fail      sike they will always be my favorite 
; stupid storms knocked out phone line at work  dad decides to switch the connection to my broken screened phone that only i barely know how to work  fml !
; celtics ! 3-0 baby !
"; nuggets, where you at ?! epic fail  "
; come on lakers ! whats wrong with you ?! kobe needs to shoot some 
not watching the game anymore  dont wanna see how it ends  what a depressing disappointment 
finally got my phone back  i sure do love my lg shine   smile 
; 26 days of school left !  laugh 
"; 'dad, whos the <propfemale> player on the spurs?' '<propmale> donuts' hahaha "
; snow ?! in april ?! wtf  colorado has issues 
just met one of my neighbors for the first time  when theyre moving tomorrow  haha
; 24 days of school left !  laugh 
"love my lakers, baby !  laugh "
; there is a duck in front of my restaurant's doors  just chilling there  haha
; 23 days of school left !  laugh 
; 22 days of school left !  laugh 
; defending champions move onto the next round !  laugh  as for the nuggets    no comment 
; anyone know anybody thats hiring?  smile 
; today was an amazing day  nothing can ruin my mood   laugh 
; 21 days of school left !  laugh 
; 20 days of school left !  laugh 
just had another absolutely perfect day  for the most part   smile 
"having the best week, in such a long time  just keeps getting better & better  i love my best friends  i love deca  i love haar   laugh "
; 19 days of school left !  laugh 
; most awkward athletic training class ever 
want my awards i should have gotten last year  kinda pissed off now 
; 18 days of school left !  laugh 
; 17 days of school left !  laugh 
had a really funny but extremely awkward day at school today  in many ways 
; what are you doing celtics? complete epic fail 
finally finished my 1930s letters for english  only like 3 months late haha 
; sister & cousins got kicked out of a club  haha idiots   smile 
; this whole week  has been very    interesting 
; 16 days of school left !  laugh 
; 15 days of school left !  laugh 
feeling like everything is just one long dream i cant wake up from 
; 14 days of school left !  laugh 
"hate homework  hate school  ugh, summer needs to come  faster "
; 12 days of school left !  laugh 
eating a brownie cheesecake  haha
; yay ! my celtics !  smile 
; 11 days of school left !  laugh 
; 10 days of school left !  laugh 
; no! that cant be the end of the season for one tree hill ! )':
; worst season finales ever  why is everyone getting shot ?!?
; 9 days of school left !  laugh 
cant believe seniors are leaving tomorrow   crying 
; 8 days of school left !  laugh 
; 7 days of school left ! without seniors   sad 
; nances us history: what are we supposed to do with the extra credit song lyrics?  smile 
; 57 1 2 hours of school left  haha  thats how boring school is 
; 6 days of school left !  laugh 
; 4 days of school left !  laugh 
; semi annual sale started   laugh 
; 3 days of school left !  laugh 
"; it is the most perfect weather today  hot, <propfemale>, and a little <propfemale> to keep you cool  i absolutely love it !  smile "
got a sunburn from 1 hour in the sun   sad 
; that is so stupid  valedictorians dont make a speech  eaglecrest is way whack 
; june is here ! 2 days of school left !  laugh 
finally reorganized my room  decided to do my chem practice test instead of sleep  darn thing making me feel stupid   sad 
; 1 day of school left !  laugh 
; finals day 1  good luck everyone   smile 
"; lakers vs  celtics ! man, i wish i had tickets to this years nba finals "
"; wow, double technicals 27 seconds into the game "
"; dang, amazing 3-pointer to end the game  i love my lakers   smile "
; finals day 2 
just passed by the <propfemale> hills of colorado   smile 
; too much <propfemale> roadkill nowadays   sad 
at my favorite mall and i cant buy anything  and no vs has my silver swimsuit  sad day   sad 
; no ! stupid lakers  be slackin 
; finals day 3  done !  laugh 
; oh my gosh  a line of baby ducks were crossing the road to find their mommy  but the mommy was dead on the road ten feet away  and my dad almost killed all the baby ducks   crying 
working this whole summer full time for $2 50   hour  wow 
cant walk to the other side of cu boulder campus cause its pouring outside 
"; man, im at cu boulder way too much "
gonna be so mad if the lakers lose on tuesday 
; game 7 baby !
"; killers is a bomb movie  people should trust in my movie picking skills more  cough cough, kieu, cough "
; lets do this lakers !
"; as much as i love rondo, i hate him right now "
; lakers ! oh my gosh  that was the most intense basketball game  champions !
; i have never felt so completely helpless in my life 
"; will you scratch my back? haha, love taco <propfemale> hot sauces "
; toy story 3  was amazing   smile 
"looking at some old things while cleaning my room  its amazing how much we change  oh, and vivi <propfemale>! your name popped up in some middle school stuff  youre not left out!  smile "
; happy 4th of july !  smile 
; i miss you 
got a headache  probably from all the heat of dragon boat today   sad 
"; wow, 230 dollars in one day  that is way too much "
just made delicious chocolate chip cookies  smile 
; winter park  smile 
; step up 3d tonight  midnight showing  so excited !  smile 
; 5 days !  smile 
heading to the relay for life   smile 
hanging out with my second family   wink 
"staying up late, looking up at the stars all night  only one thing missing   "
broke my phone  i cant talk on the phone anymore   crying 
; 1 day !  laugh 
; 12 hours !  laugh 
; wish me luck !  smile 
; officially a legal driver !  laugh 
love my schedule !  smile 
going to church  been like a year? dang 
; dammit  couldnt drop ap gov  so i only have 4a off now   sad 
"; sick  sore throat  fever  cold sweats  headache  random pains  just kill me now  thank you, arissa merlan and <propfemale> paran   haha"
; first day of school  hella loving my schedule   smile 
; breaking free  its not worth it anymore 
waiting for the doctor at the ortho for half an hour  wtf 
; anyone in calculus bc? what is the second derivative of x^2 + y^2 = 6? please and thank you  smile 
ima fuck a white bitch ima fuck a white bitch ima fuck a white bitch
"; 'i was thinkin' about him, thinkin' about me  thinkin' about us, what we gonna be? open my eyes, it was only just a dream  so i travel back, down that road  who he come back? no one knows  i realize, it was only just a dream ' ~nelly"
; i like it on the floor 
; broncos epicly fail  period  2 yards ! seriously?
"; just saw a mountain marked with a huge lighted \m\"" o o"""
; birdman !  laugh 
"; happy 18th birthday, baby  i love you  love "
i wish i was cool  sad 
; driving+anger=80mph ; workout+anger=productive night 
"; at the end of the day, the winner is always the tragedies when it should be the happiness "
; boo ! i love my boyfriend   laugh 
"\biology is the only place where division is the same as multiplication \"" ~edgar  smile """
"; happiness is a mood, not a destination  ~one tree hill"
"; i hate the colts, oh so much "
doing my summer homework  in the winter   laugh 
; snow?!
; yay ! i own inception  smile 
; act: done !  smile 
; i hate liars 
; the little things matter the most 
; i hate cops who think they can do whatever the hell they want 
"; last time i checked, the <propfemale> dismissed me  not your words "
; does no one know how to use a blinker nowadays? geez 
; yay ! i wake up and i find out im going to cali with my daddy !  smile 
"; \bootlegger liquors\"" ; what a nice name for a liquor store """
; my daddys superman !  laugh 
"my boyfriend, <propfirst> truong, is a model for abercrombie & fitch   wink "
i hate my life  
"how fast can someone do a deca written project? lets try, 3 days?  smile "
i forgot how much waiting needs to be done at the airport 
it feels good to work out 
it is such a perfect day out  i wish it was like this everyday 
eww  i feel all gross  eww 
they should cancel school more often   wink 
"there are 2 hydrogen atoms walking down the street  one says, 'hey, i think i lost an electron ' the other one goes, 'are you positive?' haha "
"ahh ! i hate ap biology  any help, please?  sad "
"junior-itis kicking in, big time "
"gosh, i hate physics  2 more questions  seriously?"
does no one know how to pick up their phones nowadays? o o
i think i ripped a leg muscle   sad 
bugs bunny is so cute !  smile 
hes so fluffeyy !!  laugh 
it feels great to finally feed my bank account   smile 
national insult day ! haha
"the blonde got excited when she finished the jigsaw puzzle in 6 months because the box said \2-4 years \"""""
how do you work on something so hard for 2 hours and just have it thrown away?
everything has an e playful iration date 
ugh 
starbucks   smile 
i wish that wishing upon a <propfemale> actually works 
