b69ac6f2567cc1da7e07c5c7803c3036
"still haven't heard from nahtaniel       sad   little stressed, but always in prayer "
yeah !!! finally talked to <propmale>   thank god he is doing good  keep him in your prayers please 
very blessed day   thankful for my children and grandchildres    smile 
looking forward to going to chimayo today       
great birthday party !!  breakfast as rancho de chimayo was spectacular !!
"life is short, hopefully with our choices we can make it sweet as well "
talked to <propmale> today  he is safe and in good spirits   please keep him in your prayers
"what a blessed day !!! <propmale> and <propfirst> are all registered for school,and spoke to <propmale> who is in good spirits and safe   still waiting for that special person      smile "
cant' sleep         sad 
mmmmmmm     st  claires winery  not to shabby for a tuesday evening 
thank god tomorrow is friday     
what a blessed saturday !!!! granny is doing great today      smile 
i'm bored  i want to do something fun tonight  any suggestions ???
"wow, what a great day !!! love my mother   "
what a blessed day  granny made dinner   what a treat   91 years old and the lady still has the touch   yummy!!!!
there is nothing like meeting up with old friends and wondering why god has connected you again   still waiting for the someone special 
stressed but blessed
what a blessed !!!  god is so good   i love my family
so proud of my boys        smile 
it's going to be a long day at work     last day of the month
what a blessed day with my mother   i love her dearly 
"what a blessed day   church was great, the pic-nic was awsome and spending time with mother was excellent as always   god is so good "
what a wonderful day !!!!!
spending an evening with your best friend is priceless   life moves too fast 
"thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes   i had a very, very, very blessed weekend   what a great birthday!!  still have more plans for next week   yeah   i love you all    smile "
wow !!! what a day   went skydiving for my birthday   what an e playful erience  this has been a great roctober 
blessed day !!!
a day that started stressfull      ended up being sooooooooo blessed   spent the afternoon and evening with <propmale> and granny   it was great !!!
just spoke to <propmale>   he is happy and safe overseas   i can't wait to see him in a couple of months   keep him in your prayers 
is there such a thing as a nice guy????
"what a blessed day!!!  started out rough   an 8 hour workout    oh i mean cleaning house   wow   ended up with the largest t-bone steak ever perfectly grilled    (by me of course   ) with my best friend in the whole world  (<propfemale> ) and a large bottle of <propfirst> daniels    there is such a thing as \a good guy\""   his  name is <propfirst>        <propfirst> daniels that is      lol"""
turns out      <propfirst> is nothing but a headache          lol
i love my mother!!!!! dinner with her again tomorrow  what a blessing 
granny makes the best beef stew ever     
great day off !!!
god is good !!! i had a blowout on the freeway doing 75mph 
"dions,     dinner     what that??? how about a liquid dinner??? yummy       "
"had a great time with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  there is nothing like good friends, good food, and good wine "
what a blessed day!! church was great and spending time with friends this afternon will be great     
what a nice day   met a very intriguing man      hope to see him again   smile 
"what a wonderful evening, spent time with family   i love my sons !!!"
need sleep       
intriguing        wow         nice evening    smile 
good day !!
what a blessed day !!!
what a beautiful morning   thank you lord for waking me up      smile 
turkey day is on the way       hey i'm a poet      i didn't know it       (i did it again)   lol   i crack myself up 
"finally sat down, all the preping is done   can't wait to to be with family tomorrow   i am so blessed   thank you lord "
happy thanksgiving to all my friends and family   may god richly bless you today and always !!
granny    sons    nephew     neices     grandsons      what a blessed day   just missing <propmale> and jenea      sad 
what a blessed day   i love my family and friends   god is good 
what a blessed day !!!
"what a wonderful, blessed day!! i get jenea this weekend   i can't wait   smile "
i get my jenea tomorrow   i am so excited i can't stand it!!!
what a wonderful weekend with my family !!! i am so blessed !!!
i love granny!!! what a wonderful day with her   she will be 92 next week   what a woman   i want to be just like her when i grow up         
what a day  90 dozen biscochitos      i thought i was supposed to be on vacation?
my <propmale> is home safe in <propfemale> !!!!! thank you jesus !!!!! he will be home for christmas    smile   that is the only gift i need   i cannot e playful ress the excitment i am feeling         
finally relaxing on my vacation         
"well, finally caught up on my beauth sleep          smile "
finally starting to feel a little better         
omg!!! happy 92nd birthday granny     we all love you     what a blessed night 
what a blessed day       smile 
good times with friends  nothing better     smile 
at the airport for <propmale>  <propfemale> excited!!
what a blessed day     
what a blessed day !!! god is good 
"fun, fun, fun with jenea   what a gret day "
what a blessed day !!  i can't belienve how good god is to me      i love my life 
"church, lunch with <propfemale> and the kids (thank you guys, i love you!!), movie with a friend and now dinner        wow     what a great day  i love you lord    "
what a wonderful evening with my son <propmale>   i just love him and am so proud of him      it's so weird that my little boy        is a man   i love talking with him 
going on my fourth night of being sick and its not letting up      sad 
i love my mother        
god is soooooooo good    smile 
what a blessed day with mother  took big steps together today   i love her   thank you lord !!!
soooo much work to do       it's overwhelming   my mother is worth it 
getting sick again       sad     what up with that?????
yea     finally got my computer         smile 
"what a blessed day with my mother, my son, and grandson       i love them so much "
what a great day and evening the mother and all the boys  miss my nathaniel   go army !!!!!
what a blessed day   it was nice seeing everyone one at church and lunch with the family   thank you guys   i love you 
thank you jesus for making a way for me       
what a blessed day the mother and my grandaughter   had so much fun   i am going to miss jenea sooooooo much    sad 
what a good day   god is great    smile    thank you jesus 
what a blessed day with my mother   i am so blessed that god gave me to her   the best mother ever   i love you mom 
"wow, what a day   who know that my mom had sooooooo much stuff   i am so tired  i was however very blessed to have my son <propmale> and rayray to help  thanks guys, i love you    smile "
lunch at calientes      yummy!!!!
can't sleep      sad           and i wanted to get up early for church      
we are finally getting settled   i love my life      
"dinner with my mother, niece, and son   i am so blessed   i love you all sooooo much   smile "
what a wonderful day with mother   she is too funny   laughed all day       i love you mom 
made tortillas today    haven't done that in awhile   i forgot how easy it is and boy were they yummy   gonna have to get back to the gym on monday   eating way to much with granny        smile 
<propmale> gable and peanutbutter ice cream      now that is a love story to remember      
made jelly and salsa this a m   now just waiting for the canning to be done   what a blessed time with mother    smile 
what a beautiful day a church   thank you lord!! i love my family and friends 
what do i make for dinner??? any suggestions?
great day with granny   smile 
what a great day!!! learning so much from mother    smile 
