cbf52760a0833f56254aaab403c27351
my 16th bday is coming up  i miss south range  annoyed   i might move again  grr to much to handle 
"omg! i havn't been on in ages  lolz  sorry about that, i've just been loving life  you    http annoyed  chatter com a 9pbci?ref=nf"
life  some say it sucks  it is not perfect  but i love it  i'm me and that has given m    http annoyed  chatter com a a56cd?ref=nf
"emo isn't just a word or a state of mind  its the way my heart beats, the way my soul     http annoyed  chatter com a bedru?ref=nf"
it's me  it's you  it's love  it's perfection  it's worth every step back  i'm so glad    http annoyed  chatter com a cp97t?ref=nf
i'm so stupid tobelieve i could find love http annoyed  chatter com a e2302?ref=nf
the same stupi mistake i keep making  i keep hoping the outcome will change    http annoyed  chatter com a faia1?ref=nf
what's up facebook peoples
confidence it's beautiful right?
i'm beautiful  you don't think so? i don't give a fuck what you think 
text me with ur name so i know wh you are lolz 330-550-5399
i'm beautiful  you don't think so?? i don't give a fuck what you think  text me peeps with your name so me miss blondie will know who you are 330-550-5399
love is it real?
who just texted me ur name is m i a please tell me what it is
lalalalalalalalala whatya boring night
jersey shore sucks ass!!!!!!! so do the fucking cardashings or how ever you spell there name  fucking sluts don't deserve to be on tv 
if i promised not to kill you can i have a hug???
love? does it exist for me?0
i guess love was made for everyone else but me   sad 
wtf?!?!? my pain is some elses gain? no fuck that  btw  i love my self  look am i not beautiful? confidence is my new best friend  and it's not going any where  so get the fuck use to it 
loveeee youu alll
wtf
yes im weird! and im never changing! so either you get use to it or you get use to it  cause i'm me  i love me! and im not changing to make you happy  cause guess what i am already happy!
"yeah so what i'm werid, a feak  but you know what  that makes me happy  sp get use to     http annoyed  chatter com a g9dpg?ref=nf"
"i love being me  i may not be perfect in your eyes, but i don't give one single fuck!     http annoyed  chatter com a g9e7n?ref=nf"
lalalala http annoyed  chatter com a gh0j1?ref=nf
"i may not be a picture perfect girl, i may not be a perfect person  but i love me the     http annoyed  chatter com a gh5yq?ref=nf"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=b44jb3cbyxe http annoyed  chatter com a gjly5?ref=nf
"omfg  botdf i\m so addicted! http annoyed  chatter com a h1mvv?ref=nf"""
blood on the dance floor  love   love   love 
idk what to think anymore my mind has offically gone blank  i guess it's me being told hello your suppose to take it one step at a time  i guess i've finally been made to see it that way 
"in with the new and out with the old thats how its suppose to be, but how easy is that to do?"
"welll   school starts wednesday, hard to believe summer is over already  and i was just starting to enjoy it  i really loved my summer, summer hw and all  i got to <propfemale> out with the best people, got to learn about the best things, got to lose some more weight (which i'm still doing), and i got to make more and build other friendships  what more could you ask for out of summer? i missed you all!"
 annoyed  waking up @ 5am tomorrow what a sad sad thng  i think my goal this year is to see lifehouse i concert 
going to a baseball game on monday braves vs  pirates  hm     lets   go   pirates??? hehe  canfield fair sometime this weekend  and childrens miracle network bake sale @ love's in hubbard  come help benefit less fortune it kids 
attention fb even if you hate me and you'll do nothing else nice to me in your entire life please check out my events  and please come to one of them  this <propfemale> that i'm doing events for  is really important to me  i'm asking please if you never do anything for me ever again  please help me help the kids that can't live normally on their own 
"never gonna get me down  idc what you think about me  so go ahead and keep trying  i love myself just the way i am  you can try and knock me down  cause the only peoples oppionons that matter is mine and gods  so just to let you know, don't waste your breathe on knocking me down  use your breathe on saving yourself "
"lolz new addiction fireflight love  bet you don't know the genre of that, inless you have something in common with me   smile "
" smile  jesus loves me this i know for the bible tells me so  i'm loved more than enough  i am loved by god, my family, and all my friends  so haters keep talking you make my smile "
" love  i wonder if he even realizes that i've liked him since i met him   smile   even if i never have a <propmale> with him  i know he's worth liking he's such an amazing guy  whoever steals his heart is really lucky, to get one of the only full hearted guys out there  at least i can say he's my friend, and he makes me smile   smile   love "
"can i have advice?? how do you tell a friend you like like them when your afraid they will reject you?? i don't care if he rejects liking me back, but i'm scared telling him will ruin the friendship but not telling him is making my heart hurt  what and how should i do it?"
"i'll just be another mystery that nobody wants to solve  one of those books on a shelf with dust everywhere  i'll just be another story to laugh at, that you once heard of but never read  i'll just be that picture in the closet with pen marks  i'll just be the one you'll never see  as long as you know, that i'm me"
"hey you!!! if you havn't figured it out! it's you i like  it's you   smile  i know you probably don't like me back  but now you have it  i like you! there, he knows its him and no one else does  haha! i really like you  smile  if you don't like me back we will just pretend i didn't say it "
"there's a girl walkin' in these shoes\and she knows that everything she's got is all she's got to lose\there's a dream right behind these eyes\and she finds a reason to be strong\with every tear she dries\tryin' hard to fight the way things are\so she leaves her world behind\when the sound of doubt is turned up so loud\she turns the music up inside"
theres no such thing as a great guy  never will be cause they all lie  anyway  new bio! tis my heart   smile 
"i'd rather get hurt then lied to  so if your gonna pretend to be nice but your lying, just hurt me okay? i've seen pain i can handle it  new bio check it out  its my  love  in lyrics"
the mysteries in life are way way way out there  like further than pluto out there  like we will never fully catch them 
dude! how can i wanna cry and smile at the same time? it's like the reason i'm crying is the same reason i'm smiling 
"why does everyone see this boring book when they look at its cover  if you took the time to see, the real me  you'd find i'm amazing  i'm crazy  i'm smart  a lots of things  but you'll never see"
"well  who says life doesn't fast foward and rewind? we do it all the time  we move past things and move on  we regress and things stay with us making us hurt  the only way to move forward without moving to fast is to process the past, then let go  no need to let what you can't change keep you from moving foward, and never let tommorrow keep you from living today   smile "
"no need to let what you can't change keep you from moving foward, and never let tommorrow keep you from living today   smile  today is as important as tommorrow  you can't fix yesterday, but you can't make tommorrow better   love "
"no need to let what you can't change keep you from moving foward, and never let tommorrow keep you from living today   smile  today is as important as tommorrow  you can't fix yesterday, but you can't make tommorrow better  ?"
"maybe tommorrow my wish on a <propfemale> will come true?? i had a good day  got lots of hugs   smile  i love hugs, make me smile "
"i'm so tired of a one sided friendship were i give and give and i get nothing back but pain, and feeling used i guess this is where being nice to everyone because its the right thing gets hard i  love  god if my pain is his gain i can deal with it considering he will take all my pain away one day  one day that i'm longing for with every breath and every smile when inside my heart breaks  i'm waiting for one day one"
"god, please help me forgive the ones who hurt me and the ones i love  help me know what to do when all i can do is count on you  how do i smile when my heart aches? help me to let go of the pain  help me be able to be arround the ones who cause it without feeling it come back  forgive me for asking so selfishly  i don't know what i do if you were never there to <propfemale> on  thank you  amen "
i can't believe i thought you were different you never were 
"i guess theres a way to be so smart and so nice  and to still be so stupid and mean  how can i be so smart, and think that someone could be different  and how can i be so nice and on the inside i'm yelling at myself really harshly  i guess i just got to ignore everything but the things i need to succeed in life  cause other than that i'll get hurt  and i don't want to  so there, i'm done  no more pain   i hope"
"everybody's nobody  i guess invisiblity has its puposes, you don't get to cocky, and people hating you doesn't hurt   love  i'm the outcast that doesn't want to fit in  so quit trying  just cause your talking about me, or hating me  it's not changing my heart  so if you wanna waste your time go ahead  while your doing that i'll be enjoying my life, okay??"
sometimes when your heart tells you something you gotta forget about it  even if know matter what you do your heart just keeps screaming louder 
wake up to a <propfemale> day and i know its gonna be okay  don;t have to worry about history    http annoyed  chatter com a ln04a?ref=nf
happy like sunshine~ smile ~  i'm addicted to only one in color- trapt  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   history and biology h w yay!!!!     no hehe  btw btw! read a bible judgemental people  gosh  did you know judging someone is a sin  gossips a sin too  talking about peoples personal business is a sin  so stop spreading stuff thats not yours to share 
"one day i'll turn around, i'll see your hand reach out\i'm only fooling myself, oh\but maybe when you smile\it means you'd stay awhile\just maybe you'd save me now"
 love  driving gives me a sense of freedom! yay! was jamin  to buckcherry love   i lovers it!
"~ i  love  desandnate ~ www districtlines com des-and-nate \www youtube com user desandnate   love   love   love   love "
"~ i  love  desandnate ~ www districtlines com des-and-nate \www youtube com user desandna    http annoyed  yearbook com a o80kx?ref=nf"
liars    
-cries- the amazing people in your life never stay  they come and show you a knew way  then leave before you have a <propmale> to reach the end   annoyed 
omg!!!!
"are you shallow??\\why??????? http annoyed  yearbook com answer this opulz?ref=nf&c6"
shallow why? http annoyed  yearbook com answer this opuow?ref=nf&a9
updating profile   so it may look ishy ?ref=nf
i don't have anything to say anymore  
it's a new day  so i'ma live it like its the begining  smile  ?ref=nf
brokencyde and botdf    completely addicted  love  best music ever    lost in happiness  smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a pa8zw?ref=nf
i just keeing going through this life  through all the ups and downs that are thron at me  and i keep wondering  you know maybe it's a good thing i don't completely fit in on earth  cause one day i'ma be where i'm suppose to be  heaven
how do i say something i can't even put into words  or when i do put into words it doesn't come out  or when they almost come out i forget them   thats what happens every time   maybe fate wants me to struggle to e playful ress to you what i wanna say   i wish you could just tell me instead   gosh  annoyed 
well  again not much to say anymore   i really just have nothing there   
"i'm invisible  i'm insignficant  i'm unimportant  i'm unwanted  i'm hated  i'm smart  i'm creative  i'm misjudged  i'm very unique  i'm optimitic  i'm over weight  i'm dieting  i'm learning  i'm growing up  i'm moving on  i'm dreaming my life away  i'm aiming to high  i'm to random  i'm to energetic  at times, i'm to negative  but you know what    i'm me! and i love who i am even if you don't  love "
i wish it was warm outside again   i want to go for a walk and not have to shiver    annoyed  http annoyed  yearbook com a zqce9?ref=nf
snow day  smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a zrory?ref=nf
i hate being sick  sad  http annoyed  yearbook com a zrupj?ref=nf
omg!!!!!!!! i can't wait for rock on the range this year  check it out www rockontherange com i'm so excited  i'm truely a rock junkie   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a zsdv6?ref=nf
sometimes i wonder if normal should be takin outta the dictionary cause honestly is anyone or anything ever normal??
girl like boy  girl wonders if boy likes her  girl never takes a <propmale> and asks  how many times does that happen in life??? to much    some girls miss out on really great guys  and some guy is too stupid to make his answer more clear in the first place  haha
sometimes you get a reason that makes being yourself the best thin in the world
girl likes boy 
bored    http annoyed  yearbook com a 103jdm?ref=nf
girl likes boy  girl think boy doesn't like her   sad 
girl wants to cry
girl is hopeful
good morning   
<propfirst> <propmale>  love  http annoyed  yearbook com a 106tv1?ref=nf
wants time to go just a little faster   just temporarily http annoyed  yearbook com a 107qss?ref=nf
maybe   i should just go poof and not talk to people today   i wonder what would happen  probably nothing   sad 
"no, no one cares if i go poof"
 crying  http annoyed  yearbook com a 108w0q?ref=nf
     sad 
so       http annoyed  yearbook com a 10dume?ref=nf
i just want to know honesty exists http annoyed  yearbook com a 10dv8p?ref=nf
"if i didn't show up tomorrow and stopped coming to school would you guys miss me?? i feel like i'll be forgotten after friday i feel like no one will remember the girl they called a friend, a class-mate, a student, or even a favorite person "
!!!!
