127800b9119a9e03344b82f030b8dfc0
so lose some sleep and say you tried   
"am i in the club, now that i have a droid? lol"
hey! new number! send me yo digitz!!!!  smile 
i think i need a new perspective on life  or something new period 
hey! i just wanted to drop a line and congradulate you and <propmale>  the slideshow was really cool   smile 
life is good   smile  my luck seems to be turning around for a change 
breaking my back and coming home sweating is not worth $8 50 an hour  i need a better job   annoyed 
ready for the beach!!!!  laugh 
yay! totally fractured my arm while trying to skim board   smile  clumsy people should avoid that sport but i want to do it again in 6 weeks when i get my cast off!
happy to be with family and out of pc  just wish i could enjoy it more without this stupid cast   sad 
i have the sexiest iron man slurpee ever! i get to drink from his head    wink  i can't wait for that movie!
mind-flex is amazing!!!!!! i can control shit with my mind! look it up!  laugh 
i love the tampa area   smile 
back home and avoiding skim boarding for a little while   smile 
i need to find a hobby or skill i am good at  hmm   smile 
i'm loving the new gorillaz cd! just wish i could listen to the new circa survive!
how to train you dragon was adorable  i want to be a viking  sad  oh well i got the beatles and thats all i need   smile 
"<propfirst> green was \relaxing in pc\"" and no one has seen him and he couldn't do a show?! ugh! so lame """
did i somehow wake up into yesterday? today is starting to be just as frustrating as yesterday  haha 
leaving monday for indiana! <propfemale> with me people!  laugh 
whoever said off shore drilling was ok and could be safe has to be eating their tounge by now 
happy ever native in my soul   smile   ?
"so while i'm in indiana i've been trying to learn how to become the best card player ever so when i'm an old person i can still kick everyones ass at a game of cards   smile  the next thinng i want to practice is how to put an iv in someone, but using oranges as a helpful practicing tool   smile "
i love the new circa survive cd   smile 
"attending a funeral while in indiana  it's what i e playful ected, but had hoped wouldn't happen  r i p great aunt <propfemale>  love "
"if i open both of my eyes,\i still see an empty space \but if i keep them closed\then there's still a <propmale> that something is out there "
having a great time in indiana   smile  but when i get home i want a zombie movie marathon night  > laugh 
"if your mom is your hero, your best friend,or just the best mother ever    whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and how much you love her  ~you will never know how much i love you mom   smile  it's insane   love ~"
it's spring in indiana and it's been 50 degrees all day  some how i forgot to pack a jacket  haha i guess i'm just a stupid floridian after all   smile  even though i was born in indiana  laugh 
going to be back in pc by 11am tomorrow  and wednesday i get my cast taken off! finally!  laugh 
my first plane got over booked and i'm in indianapolis till 12 smile 0! won't be in pc till # but whatever!  smile  just going to make the best of my long trip  lol
my cast is off!  laugh  freedom! now it's time to go skimboarding again  > smile 
went to the beach yesterday  saw a reggae concert out on the beach  and watched the yellow submarine! and all of those events included the people i love and care for   smile  yesterday was awesome and today isn't turning out too bad either!  laugh  love not having a cast ftw!
party tonight at the castle? i think so!  smile 
"been going to the beach, and working out the past 3 days   smile  can't wait to go tomorrow and eventually get in shape!  laugh "
"downloading the beatles \help!\"" movie  buahahaha  can't wait to watch it tonight   smile """
oh and google is awesome when pac man is involved   laugh 
i've been waiting almost 2 hours for this download  and now it is mine  > smile 
i am sunburnt so badly  lol whos doing something tonight? hit me up so i won't be bored? 691-6188   smile  and later this week i'm having a zombie movie night! not sure when! updates later   smile  rawr!
going to attempt creativity and paint a wall in my room   smile 
zombie movie night thursday i do believe!  laugh  no party tonight  but that just gives me time to draw and paint my wall   smile 
"i can never figure out if i'm laughing at something cause it's actually funny, or if i'm just easily amused  haha  smile "
and yes! zombie night! tomorrow! at 10   ish   laugh  i'm such a scared-y cat but i looooove zombies   smile  rawr!
enjoying the last few days of freedom before starting the usual grind of work   smile 
had an awesome night last night!  smile  everyone needs to bring a super soaker one night and we will just soak everyone in alcohol > laugh 
"apparently certain people are treating my words like it's opposite day or something  when i tell you not to talk to me again because i dislike and can't trust you, doesn't mean text me and send me facebook friend requests  geez, can anyone take a hint?"
terminate the hate  spread the love  ?
nathans wrestling show is tonight people! go! go! go!  smile  starts at 7@ the boys and girls club on 19th street  and there is an after party!!!  smile 
driving up front beach is annoying as hell when everyone from out of state wants to drive 25mph  people seriously need to get with the speed limit  > sad 
"man, catching up with friends in california really makes me miss the west coast   sad  so much prettier there than p c     love "
my boyfriend is awesome   smile  had a great day at the beach with stef! my weekend is looking pretty good! make plans for tomorrow?
audiosurf is the coolest game ever  i must have it!
going to the beach! at 3! behind schooners! meet us there if you want to go!  smile 
had a fun time at the beach  now i need to find something to do! don't leave me bored people! lets make plans!  smile  6916188 text me!
theres so many events i want to go to!!! harrpy potter universal theme park! and a mc <propfirst> concert! so many good things happening this month   love 
im on the internet at my house  omg  you have no idea how amazing this is 
got a bad case of insomnia last night  been up 24 hours and havew to work 2 to 11   smile  fun times 
why do i have to work the worst hours so it's impossible for me to see a movie at a theater on the days i work? screw you 2 to 11! i want to see get him to the greek! > sad 
"ready for some adventure!  smile  tired of the normal day in, day out "
can't wait  one more week and i get to see mc <propfirst>   smile   love 
haha  this bitch is seriously retarded   smile  excuse my french  but it had to be said  party tonight! no cancelations! and alot of people are planned to be there! so come over!  smile  party with us!  love 
"you've come to love me lightly\yeah you've come to hold me tight \is this motion everlasting,\or do shutters pass in the night?"
"dont call me your friend\when all these\lies make it better\lies are forever\lies to go home to \lies you wake up to\lies from the alter\lies make you falter\lies keep your mouth fed\lies till your death bed\(<propfirst> talent knows all  lol)"
hard to get a grip with all these broken fingers 
i'm not counting anymore 
i need something real  something i can feel  so go ahead and hit me with your best shot 
missing my glowstick   sad 
is on the pursuit of happiness
"today is my least favorite of all days  the world needs to stop and stfu  my world doesnt stop spinning, my mind is on overdrive, and my heart doesn't seem to stop aching  so yes, i'm on the pursuit of happiness "
"<propfirst> mccartney needs to except his fate, come take me away and marry me   love "
having bombs dropped on me like it's okinawa!!! whaaaa?
omg my best friend of 14 years just got engaged  screw my random petty life drama  i'm way too happy and excited for her to let anything bring me down today   smile  congrats <propfemale>! i love you!  love 
everything today has just been a reminder of what i recently lost  ugh  bed seems to be the best remedy 
"waiting by the mailbox, by the train \passin' by the hills 'til i hear the name\i'm looking for a saw to cut these chains in half and all i want is\someone to rely on as\thunder comes a rolling down\someone to rely on as\lightning comes a staring in again"
"i found blood and i saw stars  all in the backseat of your car  and i told you it was love, but you don't really want to know the truth "
"monday night! party time! no sitting around on the couch, no deatbeats who are going to leave at 1! it's time to party and time to bring your lively attitudes!  smile  11! bring your friends, bring your mom, bring your mom's friends  > smile  just come out and make our monday night wonderful!  love "
"is on cloud 20  far out in space  i don't have any weights, and my heart feels so light "
also monday night! don't you forget where you have to be!  smile 
"but, you won't find love in a, won't find love in a hole \it takes more than fucking someone to keep yourself warm "
just know i'm chopping off all my fucking hair soon  so tempted to cut it all today at work with a box cutter it was pissing me off that bad  haha 
no body seem's so be having a good day today  maybe we should all just bury our heads in the sand until tomorrow comes 
i'm starting to believe everything that they say  7 is the lucky number of the day 
i'm pretty sure i'm pulling an all nighter day  it's 9 am and i'm not in bed yet  seems like sleep is not happening for me today 
music makes my world go round   love 
dreaming with our heads cut off 
"finally there's clarity, and it looks like a lightbulb, cartooned and drawn above my head "
\some days, like rain on the doorstep \127800b9119a9e03344b82f030b laugh fc0,"well i thought you were shallow, but then i fell in deep "
"my words are like air  light, and in one ear and out the other "
hey you! you with the face! come to our party tonight! we need tons of people and fun times! and you could be a part of it all   smile  so come join us!
"one, two, three, four  \can i have a little more? \five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, \i love you "
focused 
pretty sure no one is going to see all that <propfemale> and beauty  or maybe it never existed  who knows 
"i'll follow you, when the stars go blue "
is sick of pressure  screw this 
that has to be the last time i stay up so late watching <propmale>  totally had a weird ass dream last night  ugh  haha   smile  going to work and trying to make the day good! tomorrow should be awesome!
perfect way to blow my bonus on my paycheck and cheer myself up  drive to new orleans and get myself a new tattoo  anyone want to come?
"has anyone else thought of this? if you spell wtf, and spell it backwards it's ftw  that's awesome   smile "
study time! then who knows what later! me and your mom should do something   smile 
i think screaming alot of profanity about now would be really good 
really digging the xx   love 
as if life couldn't get any weirder  haha 
bombs away!!!!!
the world is shifting and turning beneath my feet  pretty sure i might fall in between the cracks 
there should be an alarm clock that you can attach to your body somewhere and have it shock the shit out of you when it goes off  thats exactly what i need  lol
"just purchased \darkly dreaming dexter\"" by <propmale> <propfirst>   laugh   love """
finished watching the first season of the adventures of <propmale> and <propmale>  love  gotta love me some redheads 
oh-gee ography has come and got the best of me 
"jump with the <propfemale> and move it  jump back and forth, and feel like you would dare yourself to work it out "
why dive when you can cannon ball?  smile 
"apparently the whole world is in opposite mode  good people get screwed over  the sluts and assholes always have what you want when they don't deserve it  and when someone doesn't want to be friends anymore, they delete you from facebook and ignore you instead of talking to you like a reasonable adult  haha great  cause this is what i need right now "
ready for beanie and beard weather! but i only have essentials for one!
"deaf chords, dead ends\sling set can't meet their demands \dumb whores, best friends\infinity guitars, go 'head "
"you take a heart, i can take out two  you take a heart, i can take out you   love "
why can't we just build giant bonfires where ever? i just want a bonfire on the beach   sad 
listening to the newest interpol cd  they make me fall in love with them all over again 
one month from today and i will be going to bear creek music festival   love  i'm waaaay too excited 
"how's it going to be? \when you don't know me anymore  \and how's it going to be? \want to get myself back in again \the soft dive of oblivion "
feels like i'm off to distant lands   
"now that the truth is just a rule that you can bend  \you crack the whip, shape-shift and trick the past again"
i really need to start whistling a different tune 
is in the search for a <propfemale> costume!
"(1 2) i had the sun in the palm of my hands, but then you took that away  you left me with the night sky, and knowing my luck there wasn't even any stars to"
(2 2) show me the light 
does anyone listen to pinback? they are pretty relaxing   love 
"i just got done petting my cat for 20 minutes  she got up, and where her head would have been there was a drool spot  lol i'm an awesome petter   laugh "
when i drive at night i like to pretend my car is a spaceship  and the reflectors on the road are just bright stars to guide me through space 
"if the world's at large, why should i remain?\walked away to another plan  \gonna find another place, maybe one i can stand "
"why can't i get off early enough to watch the walking dead? or be balling enough to afford real cable and just \on demand\"" the show?  sad """
"hey homeless guy, since i gave you my last dollar till payday, could you do me a favor and not spend it on booze and drugs? thanks!"
distant stars come in black or red  i've seen their worlds inside my head 
hold on a second while i shake the dead out of me 
"dont teach me a lesson, cause i've already learned "
"longest day of my life  and by the end of it the only thing i can do is have music to drown out my head and sorrows, and a filthy house to clean  awesome   "
"just when your long night ends, you realize sleeping 3 hours doesnt mean that you're not going to have a long day   sad "
"as if my day couldnt get worse, my service engine soon light came on as soon as i left gc  fuck "
9 days 
all the things i should have done   
and just when you think the hole can't get any deeper   
black bird singing in the dead of night  take these broken wings and learn to fly 
laugh or cry 
going to bear creek music festival now!
trip was awesome  back to reality 
awesome   i get to study 70 pages of biology notes   so glad my professor is such a big help -_- not   
got into a car accident on thanksgiving  im fine but my passenger door is fucked  this just makes my thanksgiving more meaningful  thankful to be alive 
"it's weird when things change, but you still feel the same "
come party!!! we have beers!  laugh 
a mobile meth lab got busted on the street i live on  oh <propfemale> ave   how crazy can you get? lol
"one exam down, another one to go  next semester is definitely going to be a little more difficult "
party party party party!!!!
getting funky with <propfirst> mccartney!  smile   love 
"so, i'm pretty sure i'm loosing my phone soon and not going to have one until tax return money comes in  lol wonderful "
my stomach is killing me   sad  someone want to rip it out for me?
sadly i'm awake at such an early hour cause i'm still sick  ugh   sad 
"on my sick day i lay around and watch \funny farm\""  smile  great movie  thanks <propfirst>!"""
"fake legal coke being sold at gas stations? whaaat? next thing you know, legal shrooms, acid, and meth! craziness   smile "
did anyone realize cheech and <propfirst> were on <propfemale> gully?
8am shouldn't even exist 
i need to get out! i need to have some fun on my weekend  smile 
needs more hours in the day 
"\you don't have to say that you'd love to    but baby please that you want to   someday \"""""
my last class for today ended 5 mins ago    and i'm still in bed  ugh  sad  lame day
"lump lingered last in line for brains  and the ones she got are rotten and insane  she's lump, she's lump, she's lump  she might be dead "
i felt the word begin to peel off all of my skin  and i felt the weight within  reveal the bigger mess that you can't fix 
not sure if h&r block is the way to go or do them myself  annoyed 
thanks for all the advice for h&r block! went there and i'm getting $1200  now i just need to decide which tattoo to get lol
"mc <propfirst> tattoo, or beatles love and peace referenced tattoo? hmm   "
need a normal that isn't this 
"wanna leave but the world won't let me go  what it is and where it stops, no body knows "
traffic is crazy today  ugh get me out of this car > sad 
just got my tax return  does anyone know a good place where i can get my brakes done for cheap? or maybe some tinted windows?
and of course only i would drop my cake  lol fml
looks like i have an important birthday party to attend  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  smile  i've had a really fun day!
needs to figure out how to rise from my grave   
never ending fail when it comes to me  gah!
i'm trying to drink away the part of days that i can not sleep away 
"i love seeing \da cajun dawg\"" on the road  makes me like myself a little more  smile """
i think that bottle of vodka and me need to visit my favorite <propfemale> gazing spot out on the beach away from everyone  love 
always the past  rarely the present  never the future 
take these tangled out of my head  release this iron weight from my flesh  drift up in the clouds above 
i just got an 80 on my anatomy test  heck yeah!  laugh 
<propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> moore keep poking the shit out of me   playful 
"if you're going to give me a hard time about the things i go through, or the way i look, talk, and act     the least you can do is remember my name "
i need to gather a group of good people to accompany me to the beach monday afternoon  smile  anyone interested? if not i guess that bottle of vodka is all mine > smile 
"last few days sucked  so treating my self to an arizona mango drink, and lennons sweet voice while i drive to work  gotta stop hating myself  find peace within "
"<propfirst> lennon is making sweet funk to my ears   love \\\whatever gets you through the night 'salright", 'salright\127800b9119a9e03344b82f030b laugh fc0,"hey it maybe cold out but that just means bring blankets, beanies, and booze to the beach  smile  12 smile 0 1 behind sugar beach condominiums  go "
beach  canceled
"car has been in the shop since monday and progressive still hasn't given the \ok\"" to start repairs   they better hurry  > indecision """
poisoned thoughts and feelings ruin people from the inside out 
i have the best family ever  love 
i don't want this vacation to end  sad  going back to responsibility and walmart is going to be hell  ugh 
i want an eclectic car ;_;
can't please the world  but atleast i can smile at some of the things i do right 
does anyone know of a place hiring full time position on the beach? any place???  sad 
can i please has miniaturez lap giraffez??? they are too cute ><
away chowder head! tempt me not!!!  laugh 
