08b764fa5287657f4fd4d5299360bbfc
omg i love cilantro
<propfirst> <propfirst>   
"woot, going to michigan city for the 4th weekend! and the world will get 1st hand confirmation of all of papp's stories!"
all of <propfirst> papp's stories are true!!
holy crap!!! i might need a re-cap 
<propmale> was quite offensive  go see it now 
dubiddyboppboh! peace  out!
doesnt even trust his own thoughts anymore
"finished up teh 'arry po'uh, now what to ebook-read at work? sword of truth? other suggestions?"
woot woot! post up! where all you on-campus kids livin this year?
gettin tons o grad school advice!! rawr!! i guess i should really get crackin!
<propmale> is dead     
haaaaaay!!! who intends to take the gre and hasnt yet taken it and is takin it in the haute????? and whennn?!?!
"headin fer <propfemale> soon, will arrive tonight, around nineishhshshshsh"
stark's birthday!!!!!
aggggg    don't you hate it when you space out in the shower and put body soap in your hair?
woooot! i've been gre'ed!! and am now relieved   
no bake cookies are deliciouussss!!!
for lack of a better response     i think im just gonna laugh 
dammnit    i am sooooo dumb 
"nowwww    how to get out of this very, very deep hole i have duggen   hrmm  "
"woot, 3 finals tomorrow and 1 more tuesday mornin"
woot! grad apps are all done! now i'm off to disneyworld!!!
back from florida with a new found appreciation for waffle house 
lol  i'm getting life insurance 
brilliant idea: we should have karaoke parties every night!!!
"side effects of eating pizza while shoveling snow may include: nausea, vomiting, heart burn, lack of appetite, and a clear driveway "
"woot, makin sushi tonight!"
"today, it's over the river and through the woods"
next stop: motivation station 
it turned into a friggen ?? after all   good thing tomorrow is wednesday 
"woot, hacked a wii and got full access to joysound's library from the living room!!!!! karaoke parties are gonna be soooo much better now!!"
blast! the internet is a black hole that consumes happiness and productivity!
lost? play with your browser's scroll bar! du hu huuh~~      up down up down weeeeee!
has started the adventure that is hon 
stupid is as stupid does
the future is a haze! what's gonna happen?! oooohh the suspense!
speed lake was a little nippy today 
i just took an overly large gulp of doctor pepper and then had a 30-sec seizure  lol? i'm going to bed 
who wants to go to walmart tonight at ~12 surprise 0 to pick up some ffxiii awesomeness?
"woot woot, got me a ps3! now two more hours till i get ff xiii!"
woot! ffxiii is neato shiny fantastic! battle system looks like it could get tough in the future though 
is more than likely going insane!!!!!
"off to <propfirst> tonight to check out the rpizzles, be back in the haute on tuesday "
"rip man  today i was just thinking of some of the crazy stuff we did at the cabin, and i didnt know you were already gone  take care <propfemale>, you will be missed "
blargh 
"well, well, well  it sure would be nice if i could find that w-2      cause i don't really want to be sharing a cell with <propfirst> snipes "
"i got caught gambling with the police chief of terre haute, jackubowski, and big bird  my punishment: e playful ulsion  goodbye <propfemale> "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
i'm afraid to click on anything on facebook anymore  there's way too many silly spam virus things going around        xxx????????? free viagra!! click! who a has crush!! on you!! click!! cartoon!  yourself!! click!! 100% free!!!!?????????xxxx    !
seminar timeeee!
"made it to my new apartment, which i very much regret, has no toilet paper "
"oh yeah, and do any of my relatives want to admit to putting azure <propfemale> eye shadow on my face last night?"
my days of internet thievery are over! the time <propmale> guy comes today!
getting ready to have a mega-blast at homecoming 
i need to do stuff 
i got an annihilation!
nooouuuu!!! i <propfemale> for eng 1600 again! blast!!
darnit! i got the 8 surprise 0 am taing slot again!
that's the last straw    i'm snowboarding on the golf course behind my apartment 
wth? do we have monday off?
