516d2a562d16dc932c6d11165cee8d74
dyed my hair 
"i love ocremixes of old video game soundtracks  i'm listening to xenogears' remixed soundtrack  it was made by fans for fans, so you know it's good  the album is called xenogears - overclocked remix - humans vs  gears  check it out  do it!"
greatest profile icon  ever 
i have a paper due in one hour and i haven't started! ffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"fuck it, i give up  rather than flip out over this paper, i'll do extra credit work later  meanwhile, i need to learn to tie neck ties for my presentation tomorrow at ten in the morning  damn it all    all this work, and for what? seriously   "
whoo! new all that remains shirt! i love this band!  laugh 
wow! a lot of you are online right now   playful  i just aced my composition quiz and got a decent score on my maths test  i'm in a great mood   smile  just one more quiz tomorrow and i'll be ready for spring break!  laugh 
fear of flying on sunday! the band gave me two tickets! who wants to come with me?!  laugh 
nom nom nom    cheez-its   laugh 
"just got a new tablet from <propmale>  thanks, <propmale>!  laugh "
practicing with that tablet   
"so long lip ring, hello plans of future ear piercings!"
deadliest warrior: pirate versus knight just ended    pirate won - damn!
"wow, suspended from xbox live for 48 hours for violating terms of use conditions  fancy way of saying i was reported by several players simultaneously because they didn't like losing   playful "
really?
"the queenstons' new album, figurehead, is amazing  check it out "
"just bought figurehead - so worth the $8 and so much more  comes with 14 new tracks, 7 remastered tracks from previous albums, as well as vocal and instrumental versions of all of the album's tracks  not to mention the intro video (mind blowing), concept <propmale>, and a nice \thank you!\"" read-me   playful """
"which is better: dance <propmale> dance, zebrahead, superchick, or the queenstons?"
"\shweeb!\"" - protoss probe"""
"new pendulum album, immersion, announced to be released later this year!"
bullet for my <propfirst>  fever  'nough said 
what the hell?! pendulum does metal?! my life is complete!
"lol @ getting so pissed off at the local piercing shoppe you drive the ring through yourself  high five, guys!"
politics!
s'mores are glorious!
http annoyed  kenashcorp bandcamp com track i-wish-there-were-still-dinosaurs
has anyone played transformice? it's so much fun!
just saw an image of a girl cosplaying a guy that looks like a girl  i'd do it a hundred times    then take it to dinner 
"fly, <propfemale>, fly - you can't lie your way out of this one "
who wants to donate money to help me build a new pc?  laugh 
"just so we're clear ladies, i'm single!"
"just slept for twelve hours \missed a class \fuck "
genetic bros  - uplifting
added some more pictures to troll physics 
"4chan, you and i need a break \no it's not you, it's the people you let into you \we just need some time off, alright?"
"would someone please e playful lain what the fuck is going on in <propfemale>?! there are race riots and protests every night, and gangs are beating the shit out of <propfirst>' locals "
just woke up to pizza  slept for 14 hours 
shweeb!
"who likes fallout: new vegas?\i just want to know how busy my night's gonna be "
droids are weird 
"thanks very much, everyone!  laugh "
puddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddi
the only game i need is skyrim  i want it now! dx<
"new dance <propmale> dance album, downtown battle mountain ii, drops in april!"
"\which is a new game i play at the office: i point at three people and say 'pick your b '\"" - <propfirst> tosh on human centipede"""
