956e405c58a50e9e9ad79c67a877b09b
hurrrr 
has a pain in her foot 
"caught some bug and was sick all last night and all day  d< i blame you, <propfemale>!"
is proud 
would love it if her stomach would stop threatening to force up food she has not eaten  it would be an unpleasant misfortune 
: ick  >:
wants to go dancing 
": that's the way~, maahi ve"
should probably eat something now  o3o
is possibly going to end up in texas 
is officially buff after grinding uncooked brown rice into a paste  errrgh >3o
"wishes she could make faces  >: sad times   thanks for giving me false hopes, aly    love "
": not gonna lie, i want to be in a bollywood film  even if i was just \that spec in the background that kinda is there but no one cares or notices\""  the point would be that i was in it  jealous  >:"""
is still shocked 
": tabasco sauce is, officially, the best popcorn topping ever   love "
"has been dropping, adding, re-dropping, switching, changing, organizing and going crazy  with aau no longer in the picture i have more time -i don't know what classes i want to take  d;  ps -aau counselors = bitches  d<"
: so's yo' face 
: i thought they only came in three's  d;
", apparently, doesn't make sense   huzzah~!"
: d; <propfirst> storm died!
thinks life is good  c:
": wish my luck, bizznatches  >3  love "
": wish me luck, i mean "
has markers  needs white canvas shoes  has a <propfirst>'s gift card  needs gas  sad  d;
was seriously born too -late-  (it's been one of those days >3)
needs health insurance  >:
is feeling pretty amazing despite having gotten no sleep at all 
took a nap and still doesn't feel good  fail  d;
doesn't feel weel  >:
's eyes burn  d;
: why on earth is it cold? d; i thought that it was summer!
has a head  and it hurts 
is really a superhero in disguise  surreeooslee gaiz 
everyone in this house has the sniffles 
"oh  dangerous  strange movie, though "
"is watching angel  oooh~, childhood   love "
: and here i thought that immaturity would lessen with age  stupid me 
: jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooob  d;
is chillin' at <propfemale>'s avec my madre 
: does this mean i have to be on my best behavior?
has a cold 
is watching wwe with one purpose  care to take a guess what that purpose is?
": despite not getting that job, this week has been awesome so far  yeyy~"
currently feels like she's been run over by a truck several times and left for the vultures  >: stupid summer colds 
"joblessness is icky  i'm tired of rejection calls and letters  d< someone needs to hire me or i'll go batshit crazy, yo "
has an interview mainly consisting of a typing test  if i don't get this job then i am certainly betting on the possibility of a curse 
has a head cold  >: and here i thought that i had defeated it already 
has the sniffles and the sneezes and wheezes and the hacking and the coughing and the pounding and the death 
has one sock 
is having milk withdrawals  d;
is going to see some crazy and talented people today  c:
's car 'sploded  d;
is feeling overwhelmed 
"has a head cold, can't stop sneezing and a fuzzy, mewing growth on my leg "
"is without a car, without a phone and still poor   but has a job!  life is good, for the most part "
"is feeling a little overwhelmed  what they e playful ect is just too damn much for the third day  but at least i'm getting paid  right? there's money involved, right? damn, i'd hate to have accepted a job sans pay   p s  dictaphones aren't as scary as they seem   pushovers, really  let me step on them the whole time "
"got paid and spent most of it on gas and groceries  a good day, if i do say so  c:"
is ready for the day to be over 
"is annoyed  also, v&w gf pizza is not good  >: and i'm out of tabasco sauce "
should be banned 
"woke up to a sideways desktop  cats are adorable, but made of fail "
"can't believe peopled don't know who <propmale> pegg is  d;< he's the only person on earth i'd trade <propmale> green for   (lawlz, negam  x3)"
misses milk the most 
is at <propfemale>'s for her birthday awesometastic party of awesome and birthdays and stuff  yes 
"burnt her finger this morning, it still aches "
"really doesn't want to be here  but, at least it pays "
is not ready for tomorrow 
"has a new phone, again, with a, surprise surprise, new number  650 930 0429"
has a <propfirst> 
made some epic tasting cookies 
is unemployed again  >:
is radioactive <propfemale> and the only friend for me is lawyerman!
"spent all of yesterday on the phone and finished it off with coh, today will probably be exactly the same "
can't go to school  blargh!
is starting to feel more than a little overwhelmed 
": why disney, whyyy?  laugh "
needs to do something this week 
is going out for a bit  call if you want to <propfemale> for a bit  c: 650 930 0429
has really strange dreams 
"is going to disappear  now  for ten minute, at least "
"believes that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"enjoyed her visit to berkeley, but mostly enjoyed spending nonsensical time with meeeegggaaan and learning how to play video games  yeah!  wink  good times  minus guitar man, i wanted to keel  him  with love "
"wants to move to wales on this day at this very second  if i'm going to struggle through college, i'd much rather be at a college of my choosing  >3>"
would love it if this internet would work properly and not take all day to load up one <propfemale>  d<
purple sky and cloud rain babies cheese whiz breaks my heart and the fog of lies~
": oh, shame on me "
needs to go to the video store  this urge to watch the orphanage a thousand times over is going to consume me otherwise 
": you spelled <propfemale> rigby wrong and i don't even care, i'm just so happy to have my music back "
"oh, iran, what are you doing?"
job? maybe? please?
its still rock and roll to me~
"has a cough that will not go away, can't sleep and is frustrated with the utter lack of responses from potential employers  fail  d; i can't even go to school  double fail "
"midnight meat train, lulz "
inglorious basterds  spelt correctly  deliciously hilarious and brilliant movie   love 
"needs a job, a life and a really <propmale> uncle, aunt, grandmother, grandfather or something  although, a high paying job would solve all those problems at once  foolish dreaming and wishing? yes  will i continue nonetheless? yes  i enjoy living ignorant and dillusional  makes everything a little bit better "
is a dangerous specimen 
meet the robinsons 
finally got to see a doctor  still hate having blood drawn 
"lulz  peanut butter, pickles and hot sauce "
"is tired  fun times for this weekend, though "
ren  fair pour moi  be jealous   love 
will be in hawaii from the 17th to the 28th of december   love 
"can't stop coughing  d< but, an interview? c: and making plans to visit <propfemale> this month and da next month  sweet   love "
"guyz, wats <propfemale> gamma's numbah?"
": why, yes, i do put hot sauce on everything  got a problem with it? you're just jealous  c:"
"the blob, good day   love "
had some awesome fun times with aly today   love 
lady apples 
has weird dreams about the end of the world and killing people  it must be the rain 
"sweeping, vacuuming, mopping  i still want thai iced tea  >:"
urgh urgh 
has a strange playlist set up 
will be your pilot for the evening 
dried mango   love 
"cannot stop coughing and is finding it harder and harder to breathe  >: its keeping me awake now, fail "
work  but the best kind of work   wink 
strange noises in the background 
is a ninja  on this day 
birthday party   love 
"tea, until the cough subsides and i can sleep "
shower  garbage  soup?
"saltines, soup, sparkling lemon water and <propfirst> <propmale>   love "
"so much for sleep  i've taken everything i can and done it all, still can't seem to get some sleep despite it all  bleh  life fail "
"is all drugged up and groggy, but starting to feel better "
is finally at the tail end of this bronchitis  all that's left is a mild fever and cough  life is good   love 
happy halloween lovelies!  love 
"will be gone from the 10th of november until the 10th of december, and then, again, from the 17th to the 29th of december  huzzah "
"berkeley, <propfemale>, hawaii  i'm ending the year in style  mostly "
<propfirst> of the dead 
"oh snap, <propfemale> time tomorrow "
is just jealous  of <propfemale>  and her coat 
is going home today  c: to pack  to get on a plane and leave   love 
"so long california   love  i shall miss all the beautiful people here  until i return, anyhow "
ohsnap  its cold 
"suddenly, $26 unit doesn't look so bad "
"woke up at ungodly hours of the morning md time, fiercely ungodly hour ca time, then took <propfirst> for a wallk -no, was dragged down the street by a hyper active shitzu puppy  grocery shopping and nap time  can't believe its already two in the afternoon!"
is feeling mildly brainless and ready for a nap 
's ipod broke  fail 
"wants to go backpacking, its been far too long since i've last done it "
is showing da facebook  yeah   love 
made peanut butter squares  be jealous 
is cold 
misses her kitties  >:
wants a million dollars  right now  yeees 
enjoyed a movie and dinner with the g'ma  a perfect turkey day   love 
is so glad that it did not snow 
was assaulted by boobs at the mall today  people should pay attention to where they're walking  mowing people down with your breasts will not get you very far 
cheered for the wrong team all night at medieval times 
just put another quilt on her bed  it is cold 
is ready to go home  ten more days and counting!
is still cold  frick 
needs to stop clenching her jaw 
has one week left until california!
went shoooopping   love  socks  socks  socks 
it snowed  d;
is making peanut butter fudge tomorrow to bring home thursday  excitement   love 
broke and fixed the computer 
will be home tomorrow   love 
is going to bed  although i don't think i'll sleep  it'll be great to be back in california!  love   love   love  i bring peanut butter fudge for friends 
is home   love 
does not approve of this horrible weather  d;<
has bruises from the doctor digging around in her arm for veins 
the <propfemale> and the frog!  love 
aaaaawwwwkkkwaaard 
"goodbye california, hello hawaii! i promise i'll be back, though   love "
oh snap! happy holidays daaahhhlliiinnnggss~!  love  nice and toasty in maui  hurrhuurrhuurr yeah 
has twelve swollen and burning bug bites  poo 
happy national hangover day everyone!
sneezed and pulled her back out  sneezed  fuuuuuu~
has some good times with <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst> 
moothuh fooken feta
ts3 what have you done to my soul?
"oh man, childhood found in the chipmunk adventures "
mullet with headlights?
is a firefighter right now  in ten minutes i'll be an astronaut 
has ten fingers and ten toes 
i wish my skin was orange flavored  >:
"i will not eat the red ones, but i do like vinegar "
had some epic falafels   love 
would appreciate it if her nose would stop running and just stay on her face 
"fun times now  afterward, school   is it wrong that i'm excited for school as well?"
i must be the only idiot around to stick my hand in a blender full of crushed ice cubes  my fingers still burn 
needs a code name 
would appreciate it if the rain would stop 
"haha, kung fu hustle   love "
"is having a classic thriller marathon, starting with 'teenage zombies' "
"loves her laptop!  love  better late than never, indeed "
loves it when she has things her teachers need 
is a duck  moo 
"should be spending her time on one topic   but can't  make up her mind  so three it is, for now "
that's what she said 
"would appreciate it if her computer would stop trying to pretend that it knows more than she does  my last name does exist  stop spell checking and auto correcting it  i am not any of the above, most particularly not 'mayonaise'  computer logic is fail "
"is fairly sure she's still alive  perhaps, maybe, on this day "
"human bio, the mummy, sleep "
there is a goose outside of my apartment just screaming at nothing 
"fuck you, i'm an astronaut "
"soup, muffin, sleep time  this routine is catching on and sticking "
had a spectacular day of spectacular spectacularness 
really mother? what is this mess on my wall? is all of this nonsense necessary?
"\i am so clever that sometimes i don't understand a single word of what i am saying \"" <propfirst> wilde"""
hair colouuurrr  and <propfirst> and the chocolate factory 
wit  insert it here 
is a child 95% of the time 
"is exhausted  should be asleep  but here i am, an ungodly hour of the morning, and i have yet to go to bed "
"went home after strike and, no sooner had i walked through the door and sat on the bed, fell asleep  did not realize i was that tired "
"is sitting around, twiddling her thumbs and waiting for school to start back up again  a testament to her lack of a life "
is a danger to society  on this day  tomorrow   who knows 
sunflowers  in the kitchen  they make me happy   love 
"has three words for you  <propfemale>  <propmale>  today  be jealous  i love this woman! <propfemale>, i'mma steal your momma  but i am sad that you will not be there  >:"
watches you while you sleep 
is counting down the days 
has coffee   love 
is twenty  two freaking zero 
"would like to thank everyone who wished her a happy birthday, they made today just that much greater   love  i love you all! had breakfast at hobee's with the <propfemale> and shopped a little bit, later today will be krung thai with sister and best friend, <propfemale>  we'll obviously have more fun than a barrel of monkeys  best birthday to date!"
only has bad jokes tonight  sorry 
just woke up  fail 
"what she said  \megan <propmale> sorry for the spam from that application that has changed 3 times the past week  gewd times \"""""
"whatever it is, it caught me by surprise and is kicking my ass  you sneaky virus, you  i see what you did there; showing up when i least e playful ected it and knocking me out cold  this fight is not over yet, i'm sure i've got something on top of my fridge that can help me give you the ol' heave-ho!"
"wishes she had something witty to say in her defense  wit, you have failed me once again!"
"i've seen 'em come and i've seen 'em go, there's one thing that i know  you gotta give the people what they want or you'll wind up back in kokomo, nebraska "
"should be writing essays and getting to bed at a decent hour  somehow, though, that seems very unlikely "
"oh, yeah, now i start my essay  brilliant "
"two down, two to go "
got the chills 
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
just saw the glass menagerie at the pear avenue theatre  spectacular!
is watching in plain sight out of pure boredom  thank you hulu for feeding into my <propfemale> to not sleep at a decent hour every night 
"really thyroid, are you sure you need iodine? are you absolutely positive? because i'd rather not "
and all of the people drowned!
"when <propfemale> moves, i'm gonna live under her bed "
"the balloon drops down at midnight, stranglin' the monkey with the hands of a clock "
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list? well, here's a task for you  i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met  i mean our first encounter ever  then re-post this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  this should be interesting "
"costumes, essays, study "
reads so fast that she didn't even realize she read 
can i have yo' numbah?
"graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah  fit of rage, insert it here please  thank you "
"has summertime stuck in her head  while i do not object to the song itself, the repetition is driving me crazy  it isn't a very long song to begin with  e3e"
is driving herself crazy 
"now i've gone and bitten my tongue so hard it's bleeding  clever, very clever "
really?
"foot, asleep  face, awake "
papageno?
tam-lah has a job!
is having one of -those- days 
"good day, good day indeed  gonna miss me some <propfemale> <propmale> when she leaves   love "
tam-lah comes home today~!  love 
is off to get the mommah from the airport  c:
d:
"productive, eventful day  c: bed time "
is too tired to think straight 
"shaved off two pages, thus far  only a bajillion more to go "
"seventeen pages  narrowed it down to seventeen pages (so far)  i would like some sort of celebration in honor of this acheivement  parade, balloons, streamers  the whole thing  c:"
duh 
happy fourth!
"really should take kickboxing again  nothing releaves stress more than getting to beat someone up or having a blood vessel in your boob broken  yeeaaaahhh  mostly, i miss me some <propfemale>, though  >: why is she so far awaaaaayyy?"
puts hot sauce on everything 
"made up for lost sleep and is, mostly, ready to get going!"
coffee   love 
"dear uterus, if you do not end this nonsense of constant pain i will have to stab you in the face  and that would be awkward  thank you, the body enduring your fail "
has thoughts  lots of thoughts  not all of them are collected  even fewer make any sense at all 
is not enjoying life right now  this mood better start to improve or i will have to have words   with myself 
"tell me, but dont' tell  but tell me "
"i'm not sure what i'm watching, but it is amusing me "
is a ninja  a ninja named <propfirst> 
bahgul
is it horrible that i've decided to re-watch the pilot episode of x-files to see <propmale> green?
"mission viejo is not as hot as i hope it would be  d: but good times with friends make up for it, in caps lock  no more caps lock "
ccaaarrrrlll
hoooome 
"has a box of bleach and a bottle of pink hair dye that have been sitting in the closet since back when i was supposed to attend the academy  considering i'm never going to aau, these celebratory products need to be used now for another reason  but what and how?"
you fuck my wife? you fuck my wife? you fuck my wife?!
"no, the cops called us "
"caps lock, you are my new friend!!!!1111!!!1one!!!1"
"attempted to sleep in until, at least, 1pm  this did not work  now i have to sit her and wait "
 ;ladfskjoiaewrflkadf;ladskfjalskjeiowjlkdfj;asldkfj
congrats to the cast of dracula!  laugh 
"congrats to the cast of <propfirst> pan, too! the list has now been posted   love "
suddenly my profile picture has become appropriate again   love 
requests that you insert something witty here  let's pretend i'm clever for one evening  i-ma-gi-na-tion 
crayons!
i dont want no fish
because all cool people wear jeans to bed when they don't feel good 
"x-files or dr  strangelove? decisions, decisions "
has a car and saw <propfirst> pilgrim once more  good day 
"beans, <propmale>, beans!"
"was woken up by the phone vibrating, falling off of the arm rest and smacking her in the face "
epic 
"has a strange urge to watch disney sequels, regardless that they all generally fail "
falafels
is about 90% sure she lost her iran jersey  d:
smash
is secretly a secret 
"isn't calling you a liar, but, bitch, don't lie to me  word "
is pregnant with alien baby sharks 
my cat just ate paper because i refused to give him cheese 
draws the best rainbows 
working on <propmale> i owe people and drinking lemonade 
testing out batch one of the pumpkin bread muffins  lets see how this goes 
made delicious muffins and is watching season 2 of <propfemale>   love 
i keep burning myself  d:
its cold  i fell alseep  i need to run home so <propfemale> can use the computer 
is not entirely sure why she's still awake 
has an <propfemale> next to her 
"intense, thoughtful and intelligent status update insert here "
"has an interview tomorrow  good thoughts my way, please "
has a second interview this wednesday 
"is queer and there are 364 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9wrwkj "
"everyone should watch ridiculous shows at 5am on a tuesday  its the cool thing to do, lately "
charmedsexual: the musical 
"computer, you and i need to have a talk "
no  i refuse to be awake 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
"like\my status & i'll tell you: 1) something i learned about you by\looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) color you remind me of  3)\first memory with you  4) animal you remind me of  5) ask you something\i've always wondered  6) favorite thing about you  7) give you a weird\nickname   smile  i challenge you to post this "
not awake 
intense music intro
rainbows are simply the effects of unicorn radiation
this week needs to start getting better  its not going to ruin tomorrow for me 
today certainly turned out better 
madame butterfly! i cannot e playful ress how excited i am to be seeing the very opera that inspired me to take up singing 
is it horrible that the highlight of this weekend for me is that the winter and spring schedules went up? nothing gets me more excited than getting to plan out my classes  sad  d:
why am i awake?
dr  chicken <propfirst>
i don't want to be awake 
oh homework  i really should stop procrastinating and get you done already 
"i win, computer!"
sleep 
not entirely awake 
"tea, the it crowd and my baby blanket --a recipe for feeling better "
thank you to whomever got me sick  this is obnoxious  no sooner do i think i'm getting better it makes a giant leap backwards  sheli raaaggeee!
"ah, yes, the spee-eye-der "
just slept and nyquil'd my way into health  feeling a thousand times better!  love 
"red is a very good movie, y'all should go and see it "
those of you who were rained out last night should come see <propfirst> pan today!  love 
"pumpkin bread, pumpkin latte and pulp fiction  this is a wonderful morning "
anyone up for the oakland zoo today?
oh lawdy  linguistic and physical anthro projects  i'm at that point where things are starting to collide and not make sense anymore  but jalepenos on crackers are making it better 
ugh  why do i always do this to myself?
my cats snore 
cut off all her hair 
i believe 
"change\your profile picture to your favorite cartoon from when you were a kid \the goal of this game is not to see a human picture on facebook, but an\invasion of childhood memories until monday  play and pass along!"
i really don't want to be awake 
"oh, lion <propmale> ii, you speak to me on a deeper level  there is so much you can teach me about life "
we have netflix again  i wonder if i shoudl warn my mom that putting me in charge of the que means a lot of ridiculous movies are on their way 
moving slow  the only thing pushing me to go to school today is to hear some words on pastafarianism 
<propmale> broke the internet 
"there is a persia, california  and a persia, iowa  i will be greatly dissapointed if these places are not heavily inhabited by persians "
"i had intentions of going to school today to take care of some paperwork, but instead i sat in bed all day reading my physical anthro book from cover to cover  i'm not sure how i feel about this  its not entirely a waste "
because netflix has all seasons of <propfemale> on instant play  that is why i live 
"shaolin soccer, another asian cinema masterpiece  no subtitles needed, i've watched the film enough that i've actually got the (translated) dialogue memorized  this is either a feather in my cap or another bead to my bedazzled vest of shame "
"having a midlife crisis  minus the midlife  unless, of course, i'm only going to live to 40 "
x-files  this man either died or just had sex with a green ghost and kicked that bitch out the window when he was done 
megggaaaannn tiiimmmeeee today   love  i've missed her like no other  <propfemale> tomorrow 
paaaccckkiiinnnggg 
"at the airport, ready to board the 8:25am flight for <propfemale>   love "
"under no circumstance should da and i be left alone together, we are the reason the world is in chaos "
"da is doing great!  love  it was a fast, easy surgery and now she's just resting up "
"da is now home, napping   love "
heading back home tomorrow   love 
hoooommmmmeee   love 
"\my lips are like phoenixes  they burn and then they are reborn \"" -<propfemale> <propmale>"""
"\if i made another skype account i could call myself \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"\i met <propmale> potter and he's a douche \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"\i'm going to sleep well today!\"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"after spending the afternoon spelling my last name for everyone i've started to wish i was a smith, or something of the nature  five letters or less  three preferred "
