ff61ae200a409a7add41d76d8936e74d
u wana kno wat on my mind     y am i on the comp at 12! jesus fault! lol jk ily!
getin license [aug  3] so excited!  smile 
going to nj  the 5th cant wait!
wow there r some freaky ppl n perves! lmao
i got my license so happy!  smile 
going to nj in a few hrs  smile 
in nj wit fams  smile 
bord as hell!
homecomin tomorrow so excited  smile 
homecoming  smile  so nervous!
pics from homecoming  smile  i had so much fun 
"be strong and courageous  do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the lord your god goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you "
finally in nj!  smile 
going home!  smile 
loves her boyfriend *jb* and her bestfriend *ale*  laugh 
beach wit fams!!!  smile 
 love 
what's on my mind   hmm   how my bf makes me so happy  smile 
miss that special someone  annoyed 
my baby finally came back home and made my day  smile 
chew ur nipplessssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! said by me at 3:17 am! wit my cuz vin jailbreakin ipod  laugh 
what's on my mind?!?! havin the best time going to mc ds at 12 pm wit my cuzin vinny  laugh  and 2nd off spending time wit bf  smile 
thank u everyone for wishing me a happy birthday  smile  hope you guys have a wounderful day as well!
<propfemale> me on <propfemale>chat! at id: vero93  -  http annoyed  pingchat com
i'm in dr so if anyone trys to contact me don't txt or call tlk to me on here  smile 
going back home monday can't wait to see my love  love 
home finally!!!!
can't sleep!!! - -
school - -
movies  smile 
michael: i dont need to know about how you just molested jb you freak
pretty darn bored!!! - -
wants to know the truth sometimes 
<propfemale>' bramwell= racist!!!!
what is it wit women who say they love a man who beats them?! - -
"honestly?    i love my boyfriend with all my heart n if no one can believe it, it's cuz you don't know anything bout our relationship  smile "
tlkn to my niece and my brother on oovoo!!  smile 
homecoming!!  smile 
so apparently i gota formspring   ?
"i would like to thank my family, jb and jorgie for being there i love you guys so much!"
"snow could be fun for a few mins, now its a pain in the ass  melt!!!!  > smile "
home!  smile 
talking to the one and only lil brother  smile  jorgie!!!
"y r girls so vicious to one another? wat jus cuz u think u better than them makes u special? guess wat it dnt  that makes u less of a person with no special quality  and especially bullying someone else n telling them they worthless guess wat ur worthless piece of crap for saying that, and no it's not cool u insecure cold hearted bitchs  ur a disgrace to human kind "
"\welcome to abrocrombie and finch here's ur flashlight and gas mask\"" lmao good times with <propfemale> white  smile """
its not easy to write a paper if u have internet - -
"dear god, if i gave all my love away    could i please have a refill?  laugh "
best day ever with <propfemale>  and guess what     best friend here to stay for a longgggg time  smile 
