23d8a242790422740759c87bb79d3976
"my momma jus cooked bbq chicken, <propmale> n cheese, cabbage, and cornbread    im bout to throw down"
jus got my hair braided    and it is supa tight    think im ready fa a haircut   
jus got back from takin senior pics    ya boy can take some good pics   
need to get xbox live    there's no competition around here   
man i have no gas in da car     i need a job   
cant wait till tuesday    already got my copy of ncaa football 11 reserved   
car is in da shop    stuck at home fa a while   
wonderin why she keeps blowin up da cell    cant u take a hint    smh
bout to go chill wit da lil sis
supa tired but gotta do it all again 2morrow   
goin to get da hair cut 2morrow   
tired but feel like i had a good practice 2day
school was pretty straight 2day    math was a lil confusin though    but all is good
man jus got back from da game    tired n sore   
so tired    had to run a lot 2day at practice
should be back monday    
man im sick wit a cold and its makin me sooooo sleepy   
wont be back on monday    not sure how long im out   
had to miss practice 2day    gotta see da doctor bout my knee   
didnt learn anything new about my knee 2day    possible mri 2morrow
had a good time 2nite   
game day!!!!!
2nite was pretty strait     
you happy?
game today    hate it that i gotta miss this one too 
had a great time 2nite   
haven't seen my sisters in a long long time    
got soaked today at the pep rally   
sat in the morning   
at the barbershop chillin   
south <propfemale> all the way!!!!
leh go florida state!!!
hahahaha my sister really wanted to fight me over some cornbread    smh    
no more football for me    
game day 2morrow!!!!!!!
waffle house   
can't sleep!!!!
at pipers  
<propfemale> game to see bj do her thang on the court
me and my cuz jus went ham on them boys in halo  better practice more all i gotta say
breon and <propfemale> 4 ever!! im so glad we are back together breon    i love you soooooo much  you are the best boyfriend ever  smile     i never ever want to lose you  i love you babe!  smile  muahh  kiss 
thought about my baby girl all last night   
won't be able to hear her voice before i go to bed sad 
movies with my baby girl tonight
bondin with the sister    bout to play monopoly  it'll be cool if the other two siblings were here to play     
lets go oregon!!!
22 minutes!! lets go!!!!!
well my ducks went down    good game cam and dyer 
eating at locos with the family    
chick-fil-a is packed!!!!
man its the first day back and we still gotta do a spanish presentation    smh
up and thinking     
man the car messed up again!!!!  what's going on????
on our way to athens and they actually let brikkel drive!!! sad (
sooooo sleepy!!!!!
i get a laugh outta people who lie and you know they're lying   haha you just made my day   smh     
im pretty sure i don't care        
just got back home    and i can hear my homework calling my name  #tiredofhomework
head hurts and feeling a lil funny  signs of a cold sad 
logans with the fam 
"lingerie football   my two favorites blended together (football and females), can't get better than that!"
"why do the things you do, when the things you do, hurts you? care to e playful lain?? (you know who im talking about)"
working on the car with uncle duke     should be running just fine for school tomorrow 
well looks like i'll be riding the bus monday 
"everytime im about to move on, you do something to reel me back in   sigh!!!!"
movies with the kin folks
"just got back home   \the rite\"" was alright """
soooo sleepy and hungry!
red lobster here we come!!!! ready for some pasta!!
"eat then sleep, then maybe homework     who knows "
"i like you too, but not like that!"
feeling old    im tired of being sleepy and tired #smh
college       i think im ready     
just woke up and feeling real good!
in the weight room getting bigger     i love fridays!!
"home    don't want to call it a night, but boy im sleepy!!!!"
2nd movie of the night with the family    
steelers!!!!
it is what it is    no need to change 
new fast and furious movie?? gotta see it!!
coming back  #steelers
get out the way camera man!!! haha
well my boys lost    they played hard though 
"best sleep i ever had, but now it got my head hurting lol"
wishes you well!
"umm    just lost a lil respect for you females \#smh"
broiled hotdogs     soooo good!!
soooo hungry!!!
head is <propfemale> pounding!!! and these lil kids ain't making it any better
hates it when you're laying in the bed with covers all on you all comfortable    and the remote is nowhere to be found!!!
movies tonight?? who knows   
         
<propmale> and <propfirst>   
r i p  <propmale>  you will be missed!
think im ready for the next phase of my life   
"my daddy taught us not to assume    but umm, what if my assumptions are right???"
day didn't start off too good but ended great!!
taking my momma out to eat    she deserves it!!! smile 
outside feeding my dog and all of a sudden i hear cow moo in the distance!! hahaha thats how you know you've crossed the line into <propfemale> county 
man i just got my lip busted!!!
don't feel good    at all!!!!!
she just don't know me huh??? oh she'll find out sooner or later!
not feel better!!!
eat then a powrr nap      then i'll probably get to feeling better!
bout to get drugged up with some nyquil     ima sleep well tonight!!!
perfect day today!!!
spent the whole day in atlanta with the family   i had a great time!
"i hate liars f*** love im tired of trying my heart big but it beat quiet  -deuces\i love that part of the verse! lol"
back home from a long day!
"if all you have going on for yourself is a pretty face, then i'm sorry to tell you    you probably won't make it in life!"
a yahoo drink + a snickers bar thats been sitting in the refrigerator for a day and im set! lol
gonna feel good not to go to school tomorrow!!!
cant go anywhere!!!!
"\the loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room\"" \",23d8a242790422740759c87bb79d3976,sooo close to finishing this 10 <propfemale> plus paper!!!
lmfao!!!!
"going to get a fresh cut, then off to a college visit!"
finally made it to the campus    
just dropped the sister off    ima miss her    now another hour and something on the road   
finally at the house! my day went pretty well   
man i am sooo ready to go to college!!!
locos possibly has the best chicken tenders!
"well got another car, should be driving it by tuesday   lets just hope this doesn't get messed up!!!"
logans with the fam!
woke up with no food on the table! come on now    my folks got to do better!
had a great day today!!
must be a lazy family    i woke up to find that everybody in the house sleep! lol smh   
is anybody else having problems with facebook? or is it just me??
"worked out for the first time since football weight training, and it feels like im about to throw up! smh    too outta shape!!"
day ended pretty good!!
i just wonder sometimes     
just got home from a freezing track meet    best to believe that will be the last one i go to for a while!!!
feeling her!!!
sooooo tired!!!!!
really wish that she'll just open up her eyes and realize that im everything she could ask for in a dude!  cause she's everything i could ask for in a female!
man i love my folks!
feeling so bad!! sad 
"at a banquet, really thinking about her    "
bout to sleep the rest of the day off    
woke up feeling good    now about to hop on this ufc    haven't played that in a while    
think its about time for me to start acting like a rucker and do what i got to do! lol
its better to ask and know    rather than not asking and wondering   
once she's back in my life    everything will be much easier!
got exactly what i wanted for my birthday! i love her oh so much!!
so so tired! gone ahead and call it a night 
curious      
1 violent - 2  i'd marry you - 3  hott - 4  sweet - 5  beautiful - 6  talkative -7  trustworthy - 8  my best friend - 9  funny - 10  fun - 11  i love you - 12  perfect type - 13  missing you - 14  goofy - 15  awkward - 16  one of the best people - 17  awesome - 18  best thing ever! copy onto your status and see what people rate you smile 
hahahaha folks these days! smh  
kinda think i wanna tat now    
"she asked me when we gonna be together      haha that's cute, but i'm good shawty, i got the girl i want and i'm happy! smile "
"trust is the key to any relationship, without it, your relationship is piontless    "
head hurting and getting sick because of this one special person     but i still love her! smile 
man i'm so bored! somebody hmu!!
wishing you was here with me     
headache outta this world! sad 
haven't seen her allll week! don't know what i'm gonna do when i go to college    
"who knows, maybe i'll change my ways    but that's my call, not yours "
head hurts    think ima just go back to sleep   
hopefully headed to elberton to get something to eat!
banks bbq!!!
"haven't been to elberton in a while    ate good, saw some of the family (cuzzo finally out!) now its time to chill      hmu"
