eb05d972df31059eb47218c728b95626
got back from sillverwood at 1 smile 0
hyperventilated because of a huge yellow spider that was crawling on me 
"i know your deeds  see, i have placed before you an open door that no one can shut  i know that you have little strength, yet you have kept my word and have not denied my name revelation 3:8"
just caught some baby grasshopper's froze them and fed them all to the chickens 
"do not withhold your mercy from me, o lord;         may your love and your truth always protect me psalms 40:11"
got rubbing alcohol in a big cut on her finger
 smile  !  smile  !  smile  !  smile 
is eating frozen grapes
is going to flathead lake!
just got back from flathead lake!
doesn't have enything to say
   hi   
washed her sheep and got just as wet as the sheep did 
!
sat on her sisters head while wrestling with her!
 smile 
 smile 
is never going to let her sister on her facebook ever again!
hello!
is waching finding nemo!
has a new camera!!!!!!!!!!!
um   
                                                                         
aaaaaaaah i hate it when people text 
!
saw so many people she knew at the fair!
goodnight!
hi!
is helping with the pickling of green beans!
then hildeburh ordered her own sons body be burnt with hnaef's the flesh on his bones sputter and blaze beside his uncle's the women wailed and sang keens the warrior went up carcass flame swirled and fumed    i dont think i like this book much 
wants her sister back  sad 
is having fun with enter
kyrah and faith are back!
got out of bed at 12 smile 5 this morning   pathetic 
is going to get some tea and play some more scrabble with faith!
is going to watch the bourne identity yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
are you snoring your self to death? snoring can kill you!
 smile 
just jot back from a volleyball game at scs!
hello weekend i have been waiting for you ever sins you left!
is taller than kyrah and has bigger feet  yes!!!!!!!!!
"went on a two hr walk in the rain yesterday, found some dear bones and got tons of great pics  what a lovely way to spend an evening!"
"and whenever my ship sets sail  i’ll be on the beach  waltzing to the water with the sand beneath my feet  so i can watch another sunrise  you know i can’t deny  this is the life for me, the life for me   "
good after noon my name is <propmale> i am a wilderness e playful lorer   
<propfemale> if you  love me will you smile?
faith is coming over!   smile 
when you don't understand when you don't see his plan when you cant trace his hand trust his heart 
hi <propfirst> i'm nero 
boom!!!!
needs some new music 
what is with all of the colors for statuses?
"\flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss \"""""
where o death is your victory? where o death is your sting? the sting of death is sin and the power of sin is the law  but thanks be to god! he gives us victory through our lord jesus christ 
when i'm an old lady i'm going to work out and go for bike rides wearing hats high heals and skirts!
"\few guys are as well shaped as a good horse \"""""
every time i start to get used to the new news feeds the change it 
does anyone not use the word dude on a regular basis?
???? ???? ???? ????? ?????????? 
utah 11 days!
utah 7 days!
is home!
snow you've got to be kidding me!
itbs over!
good bye pink walls!
went fishing today!
i wish girls wore ties as fashion like guys 
"sound of the lawn mower, smell of grass, the feel of sunshine , swimming, ice tea and small breezes now that sounds good!"
what sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
my life be like ooh aah ooh aah   
getting glasses   
everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film 
so who set of the atomic bomb in my room?
had an awesome wipe out with kyrah today!
cooking dinner 
did you hear the thunder?
eating pickles and pepper!
\all days are nights to see till i see thee,\eb05d972df31059eb47218c728b95626,toy story 3   one weird movie 
t-i-r-e-d-!
"\lovely\"" is one of the most beautiful words ever invented!"""
i just officially mastered the french twist and fishtail braid!
haircut!
editing pictures so frustrating!
"when the <propfemale> hits you eye like a big pizza pie\that's amore   "
blisters from cutting vegetables how lame   
home from silverwood!
the man who walks in front of cars gets tired but the man who runs behind cars gets exhausted 
hog in cursive upside down is boy!
grandparents plus technology = one big nightmare 
i kinda want to dye my hair pink   
<propmale> potter!
"\ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you  \"" <propmale> 7:7"""
"people steal, they cheat and lie\for wealth and what it will buy\don't they know on the judgment day\that their gold and silver will melt away?\\i'd rather be in a deep, dark grave\and know that my poor soul was saved\than to live in this world in a house of gold\and deny my god and doom my soul "
