19e4e1af398a738de056213424b78eef
happy new year!!!!!
"after sticking one car in the ditch, i got the other car out and made it to mound city for services there, but called off blue mound services   with our weather since before christmas, it's almost like living in montana again!  looking forward to 2 weeks in kc for course of study    starting tomorrow!"
<propfirst> and i are in branson celebrating 35 years of wedded bliss 
home from branson   it was good to get away for awhile 
went out for a 7 miler this morning   it was great!
we had a great time with our sons and daughters this evening   except for <propfemale>   hope she can make it next time   we praise god for a wonderful family!
took a few days off last week and back to work!  will be headed to cos at spst in kc in a couple of weeks 
"is feeling especially old today   my youngest, my baby, <propfemale> turned 21 today!"
it's a rainy day before the 4th in se kansas!
ate at jj's in blue mound tonight (good bar-b-que) to celebrate <propfirst>'s b'day 
we were blessed in our worship at our two churches this morning and have spent the afternoon preparing for 2 weeks in glorious kansas city   course of study at saint <propfirst> school of theology 
"i am situated in my hotel room, classes are beginning to roll pretty well and i'm catching up with friends at spst "
has finished one paper this morning and ready to start the next   going with friends to cor this evening and will worship at st  <propfirst> umc in the morning 
"i have had two wonderful worship e playful eriences this weekend   one at church of the resurrection in leawood, ks and the other at saint <propfirst> umc in kansas city, mo "
four more days and two more papers   i'm getting ready for the countdown!  great classes   i am enjoying it 
one more day   the countdown is on!
is home 
is getting ready to go to the men's breakfast 
is ready to head home after a long day   abide process team meeting this afternoon 
25 of us went from mound city blue mound united methodist churches to pittsburg 1st to see the hope for african children's choir   what a great performance!
"i just returned from the <propfemale> county fair where i ate a dinner of roast beef, mashed potatoes and gravy, fresh green beans and a dessert of pecan pie and homemade ice cream served up by members of the mound city united methodist church   m-m-m-m-m-my was "
"is reading \power surge\"" by <propfirst> w  foss   good stuff!"""
is looking forward to our day camp wednesday at blue mound umc 
day camp at blue mound was great!  21 kids and plenty of folks to make it happen   thanks to everyone!
is headed for <propfemale> tomorrow   abide team training on saturday 
"how good it was to see <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and kids today   let's not wait so long until the next time   abide tomorrow "
has the most beautiful daughter in the world!
"is getting ready to go to choir practice at church, then church council meeting   tomorrow: burlington "
is headed for burlington to spend the day with friends in ministry 
eight years ago today   let us never forget 
oh the heartbreak of being a buckeye fan 
oh the pain of being a kc chiefs fan!
is chillin' 
had one long day today   worship services and abide   praise god for all blessings!
4 more weeks   
"celebrated 130th anniversary of blue mound umc today   had our program, history of church, singing and home made ice cream!  yummm   had over 100 members and friends this afternoon "
<propfirst> and i got to see my mom today   she is such a great lady!
is headed for kc today 
is tired after a long day of serving his lord 
had a great day in topeka!
"rain, rain go away!!!"
"finally, after nearly 7 inches of rain, the clouds have dissipated   sunshine!!!"
arts and crafts festival at mound city today and tomorrow   stop by the mcumc or bmumc stands for good food or caramel apples!  sunshine today!
better get to bed   mound city men's breakfast in the morning 
one week until marathon sunday   the countdown is on!
did the marathon today   it went well   now recovering!
just helped <propfirst> and <propfemale> clean out a pumpkin   baking pumpkin seeds  m-m-m-m 
is thankful today for finishing another paper for cos   spst 
lives in the land of the free and the home of the brave   thanks veterans!
"the fort <propfirst> (football) greyhounds are undefeated and are going to play for the <propmale> college national championship!  how cool is that?  oh yeah, the kc chiefs won today!  what is going on?"
we had a great men's breakfast today at mcumc   family thanksgiving this evening for the peterson family   go buckeyes!!!
"had a great time with the 150th celebration at mcumc, and then came home to watch the big upset   chiefs defeat the steelers!!!"
"we had a wonderful thanksgiving service this evening as united methodists, baptists, federated, catholic, and cornerstone of the mound city area came together to worship at wall street christian church "
here is hoping everyone has a wonderful thanksgiving   god bless you all!
"as we begin a time of anticipation and e playful ectation with the advent season, may god bless you and yours "
is headed to ottawa this morning for a district clergy meeting 
"had a great day with his wife, the churches he serves and dinner with friends afterward!"
went to <propmale> with <propfirst> today to see mom and my sis   had a good visit with them!
had a good time helping with commodities at mcumc    more in the morning 
had great worship at the churches he serves   back to blue mound for the christmas program this evening!
birthday present to myself    7 mile run--wahooo!  feelin' good!
thanks to all my facebook friends for my birthday wishes   god bless you!
is soaking up this christmas season as he anticipates the coming year    christmas <propfemale> service at mcumc 6 surprise 0 this evening  <propfemale> christmas everyone!
as much as we hate to do this we are canceling the christmas <propfemale> service at mound city united methodist church   please pass the word along   have a very <propfemale> christmas!
<propfemale> christmas one and all!
have a blessed and happy new year my fb friends
"what a great way for the chiefs to end their season!  hopefully a building block for next season!  i believe we have found our \back of the future!\"""""
is headed for kc this morning   hope the roads are good!
made the trip to kc   roads were in good shape   first day of classes are under my belt   g'nite 
"after the snow last night, roads were in pretty good shape today in kc   435 was fairly clear and most were driving sensibly   now, a couple cold days and a warming trend   cone on next week!"
one week complete cos
great game tonight!  way to go wildcats!
"it was a good weekend!  good meeting with dcom, good friends, great worship, wonderful family!  life is good "
"ok, so i am on farmville   but that does not mean i am doing anything on farmville   my daughter just needed another friend on farmville, so i told her i would be her friend   she can tend my farm if she wants, but i've got other things to do!  just  sayin    "
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!  but enough, already!"
good neighbors are a part of life's blessings 
"what a great game at bramledge tonight!  i'm a ku fan, but my hat's off to k state   what a tough, well coached, fearless team they are!"
youtube com smile  http annoyed  bit ly apv3fn
"i'm a peyton manning fan, but it was good to see <propfirst> brees and the saints bring some joy to new orleans!"
is not so sure about this new face book layout   i guess it'll take some time to get used to it 
"had a great day today, but is ready for a warm up in the weather!"
just delivered 89 health kits for haiti put together by mound city umc (67 kits) and blue mound umc (22 kits)   thanks to all for your hard work and generosity and to <propfemale> umc for being a drop off point for health kits!
i just finished another paper for course of study    gotta love it!  now on to the next project!
rock chalk jayhawk!  ku!
is fighting a cold and sore throat today    i don't have time for this!
"every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own status  you can't choose family but you can choose friends  amen to having great friends!"
rock chalk jayhawk!  big 12 champs    now it's time to go after another national championship!
is looking forward to a day of worship with the churches he serves   today looking at a time of transitioning from <propfirst> 5:9-12 as the israelites were preparing to enter the promised land   how do we prepare for times of change in our lives?
it's 6 smile 0 am and still dark!  this time change thing messes with you for awhile!
"it's been a good day   i've seen some folks i needed to see   we have a vision team meeting at mcumc this evening, then choir    "
"what a great day   sermon ready (more or less)    philippians 3   got in a 6 mile run, and got a haircut   who could ask for more?"
nice day today!  mowed the parsonage yard    they're saying lot's of snow tonight and rain next week!  crazy weather!  men's breakfast at mcumc in the morning   come if your not snowed in!
"we had a good turnout for our men's breakfast even though the snow was coming down   ok white stuff, you can stop anytime now!"
just wait til next year 
worship services have been canceled for mound city and blue mound united methodist churches   stay home    stay safe!
is headed to <propmale> later today with the blue mound umc abide team!
is looking forward to good friday tenebrae service at mcumc as we mourn the death of christ and easter sunrise service at bmumc as we celebrate the resurrection!
he is risen!  he is risen indeed!  great services today!  praise god!
g'night facebook land   sleep tight!
"\this is the day that the lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it \"""""
it was a beautiful weekend in se kansas!  it went by really fast!  i hope everyone has a great week!  blessings!
i got to do two of some of my favorite things today    went for a run and went fishin'!
is in abilene tonight with <propfirst>   final abide meeting tomorrow (i think) 
finally made it home and unpacked   big day tomorrow!
who will the chiefs take with their 2nd pick?  will clausen still be there?
"got to spend his lunch hour with rylee beckmon and her 2nd grade friends at school in mound city!  it was rylee's birthday and she invited me as her guest!  we had a blast!  and the food was good, too!"
"has been in the yard and working in the garden    brrrrr, is winter coming back?"
"to all my friends out there who are moms, happy mother's day!"
"one of my all time favorite quotes: \it is never too late to be what you might have been\"" (<propfirst> eliot) """
"\you miss 100% of the shots you don't take \""  <propmale> gretsky"""
"heard some great singing and playing at jayhawk <propfemale> baccalaureate this evening!  super job <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propmale>!"
"to all those who fought and died for the freedom i have, my sincere and heartfelt thanks!"
has been at kansas east annual conference the last few days   great worship and fellowship!
hey!  what's going on?  it hasn't been raining today!  maybe i can get some mowing done 
"dad, you've been gone for six years now   save a spot for me in heaven!  missing you "
"had a great time with my family on fathers day   grillin', fishin' and hanging out   i am truly blessed!"
"\better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt \"" \",19e4e1af398a73 laugh e056213424b78eef,"a hot cup of freshly ground and brewed 8'oclock coffee, a 7 mile run under my belt, and a day of sermon writing ahead of me   can it get any better than that?  i think not! (sermon text over galatians 5:1, 13-25) "
is watching american pickers    they're at ft  <propfirst>!  i'm ready to head for kc tomorrow!
good night facebook   it's time to go to bed!
"thanks <propfemale>    i have been enjoying it very much   we have <propmale> meckley for nt and <propfemale> yokum for missions   good teachers, but as always, learning a lot from the other pastors!"
"right now in the middle of a 2 wk stint in kc    school, so haven't put much thought to marathoning right now   i will get going again when i get home   that's how i did it last summer, also "
only 3 more days of classes in kc   the countdown is on!
"i have enjoyed my time at saint <propfirst> very much, learned a lot, made new connections, deepened friendships, and just had a good time    but now i'm ready to head for home!"
is back in the saddle again!
"is looking forward to the mound city umc bike run tomorrow!  we willl have the blessing of the bikes, the bike run, drawing, auction and grillin'!  starts at 1 surprise 0    come and enjoy!"
a wonderful day of worship    nice turnout at the churches!  we are blessed 
ride along tonight    cool!
"ride along with aj friday night, saturday golfing with my sons,  saturday evening surprise summer birthdays with family, and now looking forward to worship with church families!  smile "
said good-bye to an old friend today 
supposed to be another 100 degree plus day today   at least we should have a cool down this weekend!  low 90s 
"my sisters, my brother, and i lost our mother today    she was a sweet and kind lady who never had a bad word for anyone   she lived a wonderful life and she is now at home with her lord "
is finding we see family too seldom and for the wrong reasons 
is still excited that he was able to baptize six people this past sunday at blue mound umc!
spent a couple days in branson with his wife    had a good time!
had fun picking his fantasy football team this evening!
got to help feed the baptists today!
it's a beautiful day in se kansas!
g'nite fb land!
go ohio state!
it's good to have my fam surrounding me    what a blessing!
is it too early to start getting excited?  at the half: chiefs 21-chargers 7!
"whew! what a day!  two super services, dinner after church at blue mound after a great performance by <propfemale> <propfemale> o'neal <propmale>, and then picnic this evening at mound city on our north lots!  oh yeah, chiefs won!  2-0!"
"it's been a long time coming!  chiefs 3-0!\we were blessed with wonderful services today!"
went with his wonderful wife to the kinkaid fair this evening 
had a great day at kansas speedway!
after today i'm about meetinged out!
<propfemale> in there!  it will get better!
had a great day at cor's leadership institute!  looking forward to tomorrow!
is back in mound city   arts and crafts festival tomorrow!
is happy he was too busy to watch the chiefs today!
"is glad church conference is over   i appreciate the hard work of everyone who helped out   thanks to <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propfirst> for leading it "
"had lunch with a good friend and colleague, and will have dinner with more good friends and colleagues!"
garage sale out of the way    samantha's b'day party coming up!
is headed for ottawa tomorrow for fab 5   hope to see some of you there!
<propfirst> and i ate at ermilio's in eureka springs tonight   m-m-m-m-m good!  the little spooks were out tonight!
"thanks to all those men and women who have served their nation, as members of the military, on this veteran's day!  god bless you!"
go chiefs!  you're only down 35-0!
chiefs score!
49-29 broncos wasn't exactly what i was lookin' for!
happy thanksgiving to all my facebook friends!
had a great thanksgiving weekend   enjoying the start of the season of advent!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal is not to see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  \join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste this to your status"
"it started off as a cold day    16 degrees this morning   had great worship today!  chiefs don't look like they're doing too well, though   down 21-0 at the half   hope cassel is ready to come back next week!"
we're having our peterson family christmas this evening!  our family has so many things going on through christmas that this is the only time we can all get together    looking forward to seeing everyone!
mound city and blue mound umcs took the youth of our churches to nursing homes in prescott and pleasanton today sing to them and visit with them   they did a great job!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  wouldn't have gotten all these without fb!  how cool is that?!
"i'm taking <propfirst> out to eat this evening for her birthday   think we'll go to long <propfirst> silvers, uh, better make that red lobster in joplin!"
went out to eat dinner tonight and at the table behind us was a little monster whining and crying and generally ruining my meal   <propfirst> said it wasn't that bad   i would say justice was served though   now i know why old people gave <propfirst> and me nasty looks years ago when we took our little kids to a restaraunt   i must be really getting old!
"we were blessed with a wonderful christmas <propfemale> service this evening   so much better than last year when mother nature stepped in and handed us a blizzard!  thanking god for the gift of the son   <propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
<propfemale> christmas to all my fb friends!  may your day be blessed and your stockings be full!
go kc chiefs    nice win today!
took the last of my vaca today and went to hear <propfemale> meyer at st  <propfirst>'s umc in ft <propfirst>   very good message    got me ready for 2011!  thanks to <propfirst> west covering for me at mcumc and <propfemale> beckmon at bmumc   i always know my congregations are in good hands when i am not there!
yes! kc chiefs are the afc west champs!  here come the playoffs!
"attended leadership workshop at <propfirst> 1st west campus today   awesome!  thanks to <propfirst> ackerman, <propmale> <propmale>, <propmale> <propfirst> and of course    marve'!"
"it has been a good sunday!  good worship this morning!  a cold day, waiting on the snow   chiefs showed they weren't ready to play with the big boys!  maybe next year "
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
what were you doing at 1:11 on 1 11 11?
"looks like the jets are gonna beat the patriots   i was rooting for anyone that plays the pats, but i dislike the jets almost as much!  go steelers!"
let's make it a packers-steelers super bowl!  half-way there   the pack is back!
ready for the big snow!
"thanks to the help of a good neighbor and hours of shoveling, my driveway is now passable   temperatures to reach record lows tonight   stay in and stay warm!"
"ok, botched national anthem is over!  terrible half-time show is over!  cool super bowl commercials are over!  actually a pretty good football game is over!  it'almost time for baseball!  is it ok to say go royals??!"
congrats to k-state and <propmale> pullen!  they took it to ku tonight    but ku will be back!
praying god will bless our services today and that the holy spirit will be among us 
spring can't get here fast enough!
it's so much fun bringing a referee's whistle to church!
good job k-state!  way to take out the longhorns!
"it is ash wednesday and we will have our service this evening, as has become our custom, at blue mound umc at 6 smile 0 pm   all are welcome!  it is the beginning of the season of lent and for me a time to reinvigorate my life of prayer and a time of fasting, as i celebrate my faith, remember why i am a christian, and lift up christ who suffered and died for me (us) "
"the bible says, \use your whole body as a tool to do what is right for the <propfemale> of god \"""""
"woo hoo!  back to daylight saving time!  now, just leave it alone!"
how many are doing walk kansas? it got me out early this morning for my jog!  i got to see the sun rise over mound city and i realized how blessed i am   so many out there are struggling and hurting   thoughts and prayers for the people of japan this morning 
"if you have received a post of a bikinied behind from me, do not open it   i received it from a friend and now it won't go away   it says i clicked \like\"" on it and i did not   sorry for any discomfort this causes anyone   hope you haven't opened it   i certainly do not condone it """
jayhawks and buckeyes are looking really good!
i'll be off fb for awhile   see ya when i get back 
