865f6f132c6e47bb26d9124b5f758f10
just wishes this was behind me
when i'm sad i listen to daughter by loudon wainwright iii and then i just smile
"i've been very addicted to music lately, it's like some kind of drug"
"it was such a nice weekend, but now i'm back to school and work"
"i'm so excited! i'm going to be a sunday school teacher at the unitarian church i go to, and i get to meet the kids this sunday!"
instead of going to ithaca for the weekend    i'm at home trying out hairstyles from youtube  playful 
"this is another long weekend that i meant to get so much done in, and yet here i am rushing around tuesday morning again! it reminds me of being 16, i always choose to have fun over housework and homework  where is the happy medium?"
i have surgery tomorrow and i might be getting a cold! i really hope i don't have to put it off   
"thanks for the well wishes everybody! it went a lot better this time, i don't really even feel it and i'm already up and doing things  (plus i got to see it afterwards in a little jar and that was so cool!!!)"
my hand is doing great     and now i have the flu  sad  this is way harder by myself then i thought it would be
"i have never tried something like this and had it work before  so you know this is me and not spam: booboo has a freckle on his toe the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>  put this as your status if it worked for you!!! thanks <propfemale>"
can i have addresses from everyone for holiday cards? this means you!
happy thanksgiving! i won't be back on here until friday  (send me your addresses for christmas cards! i've only gotten one!)
"i just got my finger stuck in a very small space between a window  thank goodness <propmale> was around and heard me yelling!! anyway i want some \aww you don't deserve that\""  wink """
happy birthday to <propfemale>! i can't believe she's three already!
oh my <propfemale>! i'm just going to bed at three in the morning  no doubt i'll be up in about four hours too  at least i got to eat a plate full of cookies   
i had such a nice holiday  smile  now i'm home and getting ready for a busy week 
back to school today!
tonight is the biggest and brightest full <propfemale> of the year! and the little red <propfemale> nest to it is mars  go look!!
thanks everyone  smile 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
i'm thinking of moving back to rochester! yay? nay? thoughts?
i have no internet right now! if you want to get in touch with me call me at my mom's  smile 
"i have internet again! only on my mom's computer though, so it is as slow as molassass"
"<propfemale> got to pick the music tonight and she chose a grateful dead cd, yay!"
people! i need addresses! please?
"i went to the doctor's yesterday and i apparently have a hormone problem, i forget the name of it  the symptoms are blushing, crying and fainting for no reason  i've nicknamed it \victorian women syndrome\""  the cure? hopefully it will go away with age  yay """
