9d6f09044e12177acd7deb3bebe4330c
is home from chicago!
watched <propfirst> walk around the house for a half hour   all by herself!
happy birthday <propfirst>!
is getting excited to start grad school   until probably about a week in!
is excited that tomorrow is my friday!
is so excited!
has a stupid broken phone
is checking my facebook   from my new laptop!
is exhausted!
is watching project runway
"officially is back in school, day one, complete!"
needs some prayers!
is getting it together   and has awesome friends!
thinks family guy might be the best show ever   funny every time!
is really sick of death   so sad
is ready for a better day!
modern family might be my new favorite show   it was hilarious!
so glad it is the weekend!
has a very sick little girl
was not quite ready to wake up to snow this morning!
"so i officially lost my phone and don't know anyones number   so if you want me to have it, send it to me please smile "
happy halloween!
overwhelmed with homework!  makes it a little bit harder since it is so beautiful outside!
is packing for chicago tomorrow morning   yeah long weekend!
so ready for turkey!
is ready to nap   done shopping!  toys r us at midnight was definitely the worst (but lots of good deals)   moms are crazy!!
is relaxing for the first time in a long time!
i think that i might be done!!!
can't stop downloading new music
is finally home and ready to bring on the snow!
cut <propfirst>'s hair for the first time   goodbye mullet!
laundromat equals disaster!
<propfirst> hearts <propmale>!
has been very productive today!
is wishing for a warmer birthday weekend!
thanks for the birthday wishes!  it has been a fabulous day so far!
"a girl who has an amazing personality  all a man can handle, if he becomes so lucky to even have her  a good friend that is always there when needed  likes to party, even if it means some regretful moments  always up for an adventure, and never turns down a dare  very outgoing and smart  someone you can always count on having a good time with "
i do have the most beautiful daughter in the world!!! ?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter ? in the ? world ?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•?    
super late paper laugh one
so over it!
second gymnastics class went so much better than last week! now it's nap time to get ready for yo gabba gabba!!
getting ready to dye some eggs!
happy easter!
you should all go to this site and vote for my brother   give him a star smile http annoyed  www myspace com gleeauditions?link=529463912
i now know from e playful erience why there are random shoes on the side of the road   lauren threw one of her shoes out the window today while we were driving down the highway   lesson learned!
apparently i am a slow learner   shoe went out the window again  nothing like driving down the road and hearing my shoe outside mama!
got a new car today!
is ready for some mother's day breakfast smile 
pretty sure that i hate homework and am completely unable to concentrate!
so my car got hit by lightening tonight so i am pretty sure that i will also be buying a lottery ticket this week   just in case!
my baby is 2 today   happy birthday <propfirst>!
tonight is <propfirst>'s first night in her big girl bed   interested to see what happens when she realizes that she can get up smile 
exhausted!!!
almost done with homework until the fall! if i could only finish my paper smile 
happy 30th birthday <propfirst>!
car is loaded for chicago   happy 21st birthday <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had a fabulous weekend!!!
really good weekend! now if only <propfirst> would take a nap smile 
long day!!!!
pretty sure that our household has had it's share of throwing up this week!
is excited to see my brother tomorrow smile 
gymnastics!!!!
patiently waiting for <propfirst> to go to sleep so that i can watch glee smile 
such a good day!
"friday   out with <propmale>, sat   gymnastics and sju homecoming, sun   apple orchard and pumpkin picking   so, the paper that is due by midnight??? still a procrastinator!"
has so much to learn
really good first day at my new job!
can think of so many things that i would rather be doing!
"halloween parade, super fun, now so ready to go out tonight! nothing like grandma's house for the sugar crash smile "
packed and ready to go    california!!!!!!!!
"after a very long day, i have made it to ca   unfortunately my luggage has made it to co sad "
love the snow!
pretty much needs to go to the backstreet nkotb concert!
happy thanksgiving!
"home from shopping at 11 smile 0, waiting in line totally paid off!"
"change\your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) this is to \support the fight against violence towards children"
loves my new phone!
traffic is already terrible!
getting ready to go and pick up my brother!
<propfemale> christmas!
potty training complete!!
is pretty proud of my productivity today smile 
snoop dogg!
"fabulous birthday so far! started the day with a massage, ending it with karaoke smile  thanks for all the birthday wishes!"
pretty much no idea what's going on   
ready for glee   
croup   ear infection   strep throat   happy monday!
homework done!!!!!!!!!!!
gymnastics   no nap   princesses on ice   exhausted!
