0f4029fcf01d34875528c760260a6c6a
"my dad, please send him positive thoughts prayers"
"i know this is sort of a weird place for this, but anyone know of any great doctors in the kirkland area?  i am looking to switch and i'd like a personal referral--i don't automatically trust the medical profession    a natural emphasis would be good (i a"
"if you are interested in psychology and or improving your health for practical use or academic interest, this is a fantastic book: making a good brain great: the amen clinic program for achieving and sustaining optimal mental performance by <propfirst> g  amen"
i love when god gives you a little nugget of happiness that you wouldn't have even dared to hope for in a million years   he just plops it in your lap   so amazing 
"i want beyonce to shut up about her boyfriend's halo, well really i just want her to shut up "
can't protesters come up with something more original than taking a picture of whoever the current president is and adding a hitler mustache?  it's been done too much and you just look ridiculous!  freaks
i love <propfirst> <propfirst>!
"titian's tomb, the stantons, the older lioness, malin head, la bienalle, i can't even believe it!!!  see you in a few weeks smile "
home smile 
thanks for all the birthday wishes smile 
yesssssss my fave girl won cycle 13 smile 
finally got a puppy! smile   rescued a little mutt: <propfemale> pin mom and american eskimo australian cattle dog dad   off to train the little bugger--love it!!!!!
"giving party supporting friends of youth at chameleon on thurs , <propmale>'s birthday party yesterday, gourmet sunday brunch cooked by husband today, about to take my dawg for a walk      great week!!!! smile   the holidays aren't so bad"
good book: dragon bones by <propfemale> see
another great book for puppy parents: tao of puppies by <propfemale> cantrell
<propfemale> christmas smile 
"if anyone knows someone interested in adopting a very nice dog (shih-tzu pomeranian mix) let me know please! smile    i am just doing this as a favor, don't worry i would never rehome my little monster "
one of the best inventions ever: puppy play group!!  oh my gosh it is so cute to see all the pups go wild!  best $5 i've spent all year
"i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say \thank you\"" to your mom for helping you to be the great person you are today      please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! even if you don't still have your mom paste it as a special thank you anyway   i miss you so much mom   and i hope everyone who reads gives their mom a hug or something nice if it's possible """
<propmale> <propfirst> is on <propfirst> <propmale> tonight smile 
"some gal in my apts had the nerve to say she doesn't pick up her dog's poop, with (what she thought i'm sure) a cute little giggle--it wasn't cute at all   i wanted to smash her dog's poop in her face   but i didn't, i just gave her a weird look   man i need to work on my confrontation skills  in the meantime i am visualizing her high heel stabbing into a steamy pile and i believe i may get my wish smile "
"i love dorky fb stuff that strokes my ego <propfemale> is the perfect woman  she has no flaw  she's funny, sweet, smart as hell, and above all, she is extremely gorgeous  she doesn't let anyone push her around and she has a great personality  she has some awesome goals set and always wins my heart  has great taste in guys  don't listen to what the other jack-off put  everybody loves <propfemale> "
sooooooo great to see so many people i've been missing yesterday! smile   thanks leanne smile 
"hey hummer drivers, just wanted to say i hate you wink "
"life is so unfair, still not over that   my heart, and thoughts and prayers are with the griffins now   such a wonderful family and such a huge loss "
"great book: \i'm down\"" by mishna wolff"""
"addresses please?   if you think i should have your address, i would like it   i am updating my files and you might even get a birthday card out of the deal   i'll probably be texting you too but i wanted to cover my bases in case of old <propfirst> or non-texters  thanks!!! smile "
am i the only one who is scared of the healthcare reform <propmale>?!??!!  i voted for obama but this is ridiculous!
"why would anyone want to e playful and the irs for any reason????  are you kidding me, i can't even think about this ridiculousness (health <propmale>) it stresses me out!  but i can't help it   what the hell are people thinking seriously!?!?!"
happy easter smile 
kenney time tonight smile 
<propfemale> is almost as annoying as <propfirst> phillipe is hot
sending my prayers out to the keplers   please do the same 
happy mother's day moms smile 
come to hard rock tonight 5-7 pm and support a great cause! smile   it's happy hour anyway and your money will get you cheap food drinks and a better world--it's worth it!
boy smile 
rest in peace <propmale>   you are such a great dog and friend   we love you and will miss you forever!
"come to eastlake church tonight and support an amazing cause if you don't have plans yet!  herding cats will be there, redhook, matthews winery, and you'll be making a huge much needed difference smile   info here annoyed \http annoyed  www mycharitywater org p campaign?campaign_id=5086"
does anyone know of a good pediatrician you would recommend in the kirkland area or somewhere on the eastside?
what is wrong with the guy who brought and ate brownies to our childbirth class (yes he ate four whole brownies) full of pregnant women!??!??!  and he talked the whole time   my hormones wanted to give him a sharp elbow and it was hard to control them
"great book, if vulgarity doesn't bother you annoyed \my booky wook by <propfirst> brand"
just got a new cord--freak show on display!
"little <propmale> is here!  born at 4:17 am, 10 10 10 at evergreen hospital   weighing in at 7 lbs 8 oz, 20 inches long   pictures soon smile "
"i'm sorry if i've been unresponsive!  not ignoring anyone, just can't get to a regular computer   only time i check fb is on my ipod during feedings (all i do anymore) and typing is too tedious   thanks for all the well wishes! smile "
"send a christmas card or gift to a soldier having to spend the holidays far away from their families and friends  info here annoyed http annoyed  redcrosschat org 2010 10 26 holiday-mail-for-heroes-2010 \this is why i like christmas smile "
"fun!!!\http annoyed  woodinvillewonderland com "
"i can't believe i forgot about this site for a while\\www freerice com"
"since the usda doesn't care about people, ways to protect yourself annoyed \http annoyed  m wikihow com avoid-genetically-modified-foods"
i'm so glad <propmale> and i had the privilege of attending another matts' holiday party!  so many awesome peeps!  thanks stephanie smile 
you had me at meat tornado
"that's great that he wants to be an eagle, but having the privilege of owning a dog?!?!  dude you need a reality check, and an ass beating!\\espn go com nfl news story?id=5922161"
