d2642f4e63663002926775dc7361d64d
"flight changed, not leaving seattle until the 9th!"
would like to apologize for the lengthy facebook absence
"off to vancouver, back for classes on monday!"
job interview monday! finally     smile  crossing my fingers!
has been accepted to goucher!!!!!!
listening to the thunder
making a sundial-ish thing for astronomy    what a perfect day!
weeeeee blue angels!
thank you for all the birthday wishes!!!
wants to be at bumbershoot  sad 
wonders a little where her roommates have all disappeared to    and if they are coming back tonight? can i lock the door?
is glad the academic day is over! 2 tests and a movement text piece    blech
curious as to how my phone has started spamming my facebook   
girl scout season! danger!!!!!!
not getting sick! i won't!
turkey tortilla soup = success! in other words: the kitchen is still intact and it tastes good! must be some kind of mistake  laugh 
"should be doing some in depth analysing of the lyrics to \la concubine de l’hémoglobine\"" but my brain is shutting off so that will have to happen in the morning!"""
"yes, my name is actually spelled with an e  is it really that difficult to believe!?"
not feeling like a particularly patient person   
so ready for tomorrow to be over and done with!
decidedly envious of <propfemale> zeder's trip to australia! i can't wait to see more photos and hear all about it when you get back!
giggly exhaustion has set in    again
"this week has been such a rollercoaster! thank goodness for the good times though!  laugh  2 more classes, a couple finals, packing for 4 climates and then i'm set for break!"
disney makes my life just that much better  laugh 
late night homemade cookies  smile  mmmm
"needs to stop eating cookies, but that probably won't happen until they're gone    poor impulse control   "
"snoring guy on the living room floor makes it a little hard to study    oh, college   "
coffee cake rises    a lot    woops   
"coffee cake is \num\"" even in spite of errors! yay for box mixes!"""
how are so many people done with finals!? my first isn't even until tomorrow!
i seem to have finally killed my house plant    maybe it knew i was about to leave it unattended for a month   
"monologue presentation, french oral exam and a theatre journal, but at least the <propmale> history is done!"
dvc>dc>ny>sea>az>mex>az>dvc    well    this guarantees to be interesting!
"would really, really like to be home now   "
going home today!
"it's been a good year, but 2011 will be even better  happy new year!"
it's almost 4 am on the east coast    go to bed emi <propfemale> kamemoto!
damn hiccups!
back to packing again    destination: az mexico!
"pack, pack, pack    shuttle at 4am, but soooo looking forward to the warm sun!"
"gone to mexico, be back on friday  laugh "
back in flagstaff    a little less than thrilled about the winter storm warning!
ucas delights in making life just that much more difficult   
"wish i got back a bit earlier, monday afternoon is cutting it awfully close    transportation from bwi to dvc still in the works    sigh   "
why would a 2 day retreat not be 2 consecutive days?
"i feel like i've stepped into a holiday card, there's so much snow in flagstaff!"
"unbelievable, i thought i had gotten out of the snow   "
"first assignment of the semester: practice lettering, i feel like i'm in elementary school  love "
will be in london: february 20th & 21st!
milk crates & turquoise duct tape are definitely my building materials of choice  laugh 
grammys
it's doppelgänger week! change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you look like 
cssd audition in ny on thursday!
and the nominees are!?
"i hear a bird, a londonderry bird, it well may be he's bringing me a cheering word "
would like to appologize for whatever she did to offend the weather gods   
clear skies  laugh 
being snow bound brings about some verrry interesting conversations   
should probably try to be a little less of an insomniac   
thinking the southern hemisphere would be a good place to be right about now   
goucher closed monday!
me + drafting supplies = no good!     stabbed myself with a clear plastic triangle    and a pencil   
snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes
i feel like i could step out the window into narnia  it might have something to do with the lamp post covered in snow   
"in london for the night of february 20th, looking for a couch or nice patch of floor  laugh "
going to brave the outdoors for a minute because i can't sit in front of this computer any longer!
fuck it's cold!
once in a headband there lived   
it's been a memorable week 
was kindof looking forward to having a class tomorrow    oh well!
cute commercials are out in full force   
1 week 'til london!
"sooo    the middle of the night is not necessarily the best time for important conversations, sorry everybody that i bothered (dad in particular, thank you!)"
watching olympic ski jump qualifing round  laugh 
opening ceremony!
really wants a pair of those canadian mittens!
you have to be at least a little crazy to be a ski jumper   
first gold goes to switzerland!
 love 
 love  love  love 
watching a biathelon for the first time    wtf   
 love  je vous aime  love 
so excited for pairs short program!
"pairs figure skating short program to the theme from love actually  love  because \love actually is all around\"" happy <propfirst>'s day"""
"hope everyone had a lovely, love filled <propfirst>'s day  love "
snow again  yay   
<propfemale> goes gold and silver in pairs figure skating! 4th olympics and they finally got gold! the sweetest thing  love 
has a tone deaf neighbor who listens to miley <propmale> and assorted pop country songs at full volume then tries to sing louder    it's pretty special    and loud enough to come through the walls 
goes to london the day after tomorrow!
to london tomorrow!
"will be back sunday night, but probably won't have phone or internet until then  love "
"-where are you from? -baltimore  -so, you're a new yorker! - um   "
prefers not having to fake passion with strange men in front of an audition panel    other than that it was a good (if hectic) weekend!
 love  figure skating
"loving the skating, but i'm gonna have <propfirst> stuck in my head for the rest of the semester  playful "
why is it snowing again?
bleh
well    thank goodness for the autonomic nervous system    giving me stupid ideas and then being rational and not acting on them  laugh 
"well upstairs neighbor    you're obviously up to date on pop music, have fun being deaf in 20 years  laugh "
having one of those days where cutting off most of my hair seems like a good idea   
taught her roommates to play texas hold 'em with easter <propfemale> instead of writing her french paper    a night well spent!
doesn't have a future in itty bitty furniture    although a piano in 1 4 inch scale is kindof adorable   
"mmm, happy place  laugh "
is taking in the sunshine!
<propfirst> night!
"misses the tube, didn't think that would ever happen "
"has a ticket to castleton, vt! next question: how am i getting to the train station?"
happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
"is sad the sun had to set, but hopefully tomorrow will be just as beautiful!"
"might be crazy, but it's fun!"
does it count as defenestration if it's a first floor window?
happy easter!
is so glad she's not the only one who talks to inanimate objects!
wants to be outside in the sunshine!
hug like you mean it!
antigone: goucher college senior project 2010  see it 
antigone: goucher college senior project 2010 last <propmale> to come see it!
"is not getting sick, there's just no time for it!"
tra la! it's may!
the travel channel is entrancing   
last night of playworks 2010! come see it!
had a fantastic moment of packing oops: i packed both pairs of scissors at the bottom of my box for storage    ugh   
box in storage  suitcases    almost there! other random crap    potentially problematic 
motels are seriously sketchy places 
congratulations goucher class of 2010!!
wisdom teeth are out    ouch 
"looks a little more chipmunk-y than usual, but over all is feeling pretty good!"
has glowsticks!
visiting montezuma's castle    sounds kinda like a tacky casino   
will be home monday night!
seattle  love 
"mmmmm, <propmale>'s! i am truely home now!"
laptop is borken  grrr 
starting war and peace 
"shush about the <propfirst> awards! those of us one the west coast are still \watching!"
feels like solstice should be a guarantee of sun   
lost track of that spider    might cry    hate spiders    so so so much 
mariners vs  cubs    should be pretty evenly matched  playful 
"second night of past curfew: a festival of one acts, it runs until saturday, come see it!"
cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake    cupcake <propmale> is a dangerous place!
no more shows 'til fall     what am i going to do with my life!?
come on rain    not today!
still waiting for summer to arrive   
heading out to enjoy the lovely sunshine!
"1 week until i'm in italy, 1 month until i'm back on the east coast! it's crazy how quickly summer flies by   "
leaves for italy tomorrow!
going dancing at a rural italian discotheque with two 16 year old girls and a 70 year old man    what isn't wrong with this picture?
"thank you for all the happy birthday wishes, it was a wonderful day!"
"back to <propfemale> tonight, yay!"
is there an easy way to put a table in a word document into alphabetical order?
"dear phone, when your screen turns red-ish black and then glows ominously at me before automatically restarting, i get worried  thanks "
doesn't deal well with boredom 
so excited for this weekend!
"animal farm has opened, come see it! it runs tomorrow, saturday, and next thursday-saturday too!"
wonders just what she's gotten herself into now 
headed to dc to see hp w  emi!!
"i'm sick of hamlet without even having read it, but will admit that writing it on the floor was a brilliant idea which looks awesome and <propfirst> cohen promised me a <propfemale> if i have to redo the damn thing which i totally intend to hold him to!"
is not a particularly patient person 
will be on the plane home in 48 hours!!
"done! now, to make sure everything i need gets thrown in the appropriate suitcase!"
what do you make with egg yolks?
pretty much covered in glitter    i love this season!
"sooo i hurt  just a little  that's to be e playful ected after having not skied for 5 years, right?"
in flagstaff 
back in towson  smile 
always forgets what a pain fountain pens can be and is covered in ink    again 
rip grampa <propfirst>  love 
my bed is full of <propmale> supplies    this  could make sleeping difficult 
my classes overlap so much! i'm writing a paper for ballet using a handout from my theatre seminar and also talking about things i learned in my french theatre and intro to theatre courses   
ticket booked  i'm going back to <propfemale>!
sending all my thoughts and prayers to japan
life is beautiful
