f204ab0437fa5175cd37ff2547093691
anyone willing to flash my 360? i'd really appreciate it 
"so in case anyone was out of the loop  haven't had my phone since monday, first time on the internet since then, and bored out of my mind "
"some people call me the space cowboy, some call me the gangster of love, some people call me <propfirst>   "
is currently blowing water vapor out of his nose and wondering when he gets to be crucified and start a religion   my guess? wednesday 
is wanal dish banal
"is currently pondering things, like will i ever take part in the apocolypse, and what ever happened to aids? wheel never no"
is a dream killer
loves his miraculous <propfemale> 
is waynerine   like wolverine but   with a mohawk?
"found a baby at wal-mart, and is gonna name her <propfemale> <propfemale>"
"ahoy, so my <propfemale> will not load on my computer   not sure why  oh, and i got a gangsta walk now, chyuh?"
"i really wish i was there for <propfirst> when hershey died    he is so depressed and i think i just put his f'ing shades on and put a gun to his head, he's a f'ing disgrace  can your god save him now?"
"off to plunder the seas for gold, ye scallywags"
"no need for introductions, i've read about you on the back of toliet doors"
had a wonderful prom night smile 
"should sleep maybe? happy mothers! what kind of weird mom has children? i guess mine  love ya mah, <propfirst>, and <propmale> "
is a prefectionist
"whenever i think about facebook now, i end up thinking i'm a pirate     that's normal  right?"
"hasn't been capable of receiving texts in over a week, or checking his voicemail   so if you are trying to talk to me   best bet is calling or facebook"
"thinks he's pregnant all the time  he's pretty  normal  and intrusive? alright, he's done because this is barely making sense to me    i mean him    he    loves you? means it "
"is underappreciated, and over-the-top weird, wired not so much    any sweet dame or dude wanna <propfirst> me up with energeigetranks(energy drinks spelt badly in <propmale>)?"
"it's just as i feared, zombies    why am i watching <propfirst>?"
"needs more battle buddies  c'mon guys and gals  it's only getting hit with bamboo, and i have helmets with face guards "
is excited to have a working phone again  text it  it misses you
i don't like the taste of their morality
<propmale> go tango?
is mildly addicted to lady sovereign   
please put this as your status if you know someone(or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish is for this summer that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% of people won't copy this    they have probably already been eaten or are being eaten by dragons 
"is alive, in case i was wondering"
is back to glasses for a bit  chelle is a girl dragon?
is now 43 
"in case anybody was trying to get ahold of me, i'm not ignoring you, my phone just likes to be a d-bag  you can call my house phone    that i don't know the number of    hugs and kisses  ttfnbamfs"
wants some oreo phou-phou really hrad
