f6227991509e74c7e8ecea8de4a6463f
wish i had a job that would work me more than 1 day a week    -_-
"why is it that when someone goes out, they care so deeply about what the strangers looking at them think?"
"im excited! finally got the big things for my halloween costume, the only thing im missing are pants, shoes, vest, and gloves    all of which are easy to find except them gloves  looked all thru the mall yesterday and couldnt find anything! ugh "
"lol what a long awesome day its been!thank god im home for the moment, prob about to go drink thou so wish me luck! @_@"
so ready to be off thursday and friday!
"you know, it truly discust me when you cant even walk thru your own house without being stalked like an animal"
having to brag about my new lap top!  troubled 
"smokers  cant live with them, cant live    with em"
people confuse me  why is it that when one thing happens people always run out and do something crazy? its like its a rule or something!
love is the one emotion i cant stand because there is no controlling what will happen with it   
how can people stand to be inside a house all day?! my god its killing me!
"today one of my friends came into work with her 2 kids  when i saw her i ran over to give her a hug, and when i looked at her kids her son, who cant be more than 3 or 4, had a shit eating grin on his face  he instantly lunged at me and gave me a huge hug, which made me smile because he barely came to my hips   playful  i had to post about it, it made my day  joyful "
"facebook, where all the kids you thought you'd lost and would never see again reside     joyful "
its weird seeing pictures of people you havent seen in years and almost not recognizing them
i just made a snow angel at tjc at 1 surprise 4am! when you look up it it looks like your in a giant snow globe that someone shook up   
to all the couples happy valentines day  and to all the single people (as one of my friends pointed out) happy singles awareness day    v_v
"its a really weird feeling when your staring at your computer screen sooo out of it, that when your head automatically moves on its own you completely forget where you are and get nervous"
"thank god for 2 friends i work with keeping me in check, otherwise i would have came unglued and cussed some people out today   "
"lol, so i just jumped out of the shower to head to my room  when i got here i was like \damn! my room smells good!\"" so i went to my computer to hit play on my playlist and then i realized i lit a candle right before i jumped in the shower  troubled """
your only as weak as you let yourself be   
"i actually got a plus today!  troubled  mildly excited, i am"
"i think i have a fixation with drinking and dressing up    on a side note, st patties day is supposedly wed? who wants to do something?"
"today was an amazing day! i woke up early enough to go buy some cigerettes from the store before work, then on the way to work i heard non-stop good music! which put me in an even better mood followed by drinkin with some homies homettes? lol and to top it off i got to dance with quala! its been a seriously pro day  troubled "
"got a new phone!  troubled  techincally it was an update for my old phone, but its still new! and here come the 7th im gunna be changing my plan and getting yet another new phone! so im pretty excited"
"when life gives you lemons, make lemonaid  but what do you do when life gives you a rock?"
"when i go fishing i would rather have it hot and <propfemale>, than <propfemale> and cloudy  annoyed "
omg its finally <propfemale>! omg! its offically fishing time!  troubled 
"well im kinda sad  on my mini vacation i was supposed to go fishing and get an uber sexy tan, and go back to work glistening but    i went fishing, got a sunburn, went back, didnt tan, went back again, still didnt tan, and now its time to go back to work    v_v but the time off in itself was completely worth it  joyful "
"ive had a song called \the pursuit of happiness\"" stuck in my head all day! if you havent heard it its pretty raw its by kid cudi ratatat"""
"i've found out 2 things today    eh(<- canadian for a) ) my phone wont recieve picture messages     annoyed  and b ) i dont give a sh*t about people feelings if im being honest  oh on a side note, ask me an honest question, and i'll give you an honest answer  peace"
"alright so hopefully i wont have to repeat this a thousand times    im borrowing my moms beatle, until hopefully thursday  thats when i will (hopefully) be getting a new car  troubled "
"so, due to financial difficulities i didnt get enough for my car    just my luck"
god i love tosh 0! holy shit some extremely funny shit on there  troubled 
"i dont care how lazy you are, if your too lazy to make muffins    somethings wrong! btw i made muffins  troubled "
"lol so when i came home tonight from drinking i went downstairs to the garage to work out  when i got there i did my bench pressing, and i started to work on my curls and i noticed a small set of eyes staring at me    it was a baby possum! i didnt know if it was real or fake so i stared at it for a few seconds and it started moving  lol i was like wtf? there is a baby possum watching me work out lawl! good times"
"if facebook had a music player, i would prob only check my myspace like maybe once a wekk or so, if that  playful "
i won my m'fn bet! 8:26! fuck yeah!
how hard is it to find some hamburger helper and a small can of pinapple juice?!
so im getting my car fixed now    8am is way too damn early    v_v
"i keep hearing from people at work that \theres always something to do \"" but they dont ever tell me what it is  thats kinda like giving someone a screwdriver and saying go screw something """
omfg! its actually raining!!!!!!  troubled 
fuck it! im throwing up the hands and saying fuck you to my car!
benadryl: the unknown cure for cancer
so after 2 1 2 hours in the er the doc told me    benadryl    >_> isnt that convientent
"3 life rules to live by: live life, party hard, and no regrets\\1  live life  live life the way you want!\\2   party hard  whatever you do, do it to the fullest!\\3  no regrets  never regret what you do because as soon as you do, someone will step in and make you second guess yourself!"
"so shits going down tomorrow, and im gunna be there in the middle    when its all said and done, imma go drinking  if anyone wants to come im goin to the pub"
 joyful 
"im not rasist, but i swear to god i think <propfemale>n people were put on this earth just to piss everyone off! not <propfemale>n like native americans, but <propfemale>ns like from <propfemale>   "
"so i found out 2 interesting things today    1  when the mood is directly above you it is a scientific fact that you weigh less! and 2  there is a place in this world that is literally hotter than hell! like people in hell look up at you and say \damn! glad im not there   \"""""
"day 26  what i once thought was a mere science e playful eriment has amplified into a full fledge war  it started on one side of my body and is slowly ingulfing the otherhalf    while fighting off the infection i found that as it leaves my right hand, it begins growing on my left    how much longer can i survive   "
wooo! we have a washer!!!!!1!
"goin to the pub tonight, just curious who all's going?"
"so 2 things happened today  i went to my little half brothers vacation bible skool and wow    idk its because this is texas but all the chicks there were very homely, very east texas looking kinda chicks    thank god im not looking for a religious chick otherwise i would be f'd! (at least if i was looking for a christian chick)"
"the second thing was when i got home i didnt have my keys so i reached into my pocket to get my phone and i felt a thud on my shoulder  when i looked back i saw a little like 3-4inch lizard chillin on my shoulder  he kinda looked like a parrot on the shoulder of a pirate, so i made my phone call and when i went to look for him again to let him off on safe ground he was gone    good times  joyful "
"ok, so i just got super bored and decided to look at my myspace and view peeps i went to skool with    omg! i went from '05-'09 at jt, and half the people on there have either worked at sams or are working at sams! which made me laugh sooo hard!!! just had to share that "
"have you ever had an instance in which you question everything you do, and why you do it and kinda wonder what would happen if you changed?"
"i love how i have 104 friends but the one person i really dont want to see, always seems to pop up on my random \top 6\"""""
"i was recently informed, cheesy gordita crunches are back!!!!!!!!"
"man, its getting boring sitting at home  annoyed "
goin to see some fireworks at <propfirst> park? if you want to come or if you know a better place hit me up! (903)590-6207!  troubled 
"so the fireworks show was really shitty! so    me and <propfirst> decided to get our drink on, head to get some fireworks of our own, get in a mini race, buy fireworks and then shoot them by ourselves  playful  twas badass!"
"hispanic chicks always have the most badass names! ex  yalitza, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, besitha (i think thats how you spell it)"
"just sat down at my comp, eating a tuna sandwich and i've already seen at least 3 \eclipse\"" movie trailers and it hasent even been 5 whole <propfemale>   """
is it just me or does beer thats been on ice always taste better than beer from a fridge?
if theres one thing that irritates me its when someone leaves the toilet seat up   
"man this friday thru monday thing is throwing me off! i keep thinking its sunday already, but then i remember nope! its only sat    man i need a drink"
not looking forward to work   
why are all mimes french?
"in this town we call home, everyone hail to the pumpkin song!"
so i moved some of my halloween pix over from 08 since some of my new peeps had never seen them  playful 
mmh taco <propfemale>!
well i just found out how much its gunna cost for the part on my car    $160    deliberating on whether to go on and buy it or hold off alittle bit longer  my thing now is that may or may not be all thats wrong   
"you know your bored when you go outside every hour or so to smoke, just to kill time"
"well i found out something very interesting just now    i both love my phone and hate it  i love it because its the only phone i've heard of thats with verizon that doesnt cost over $100, but i hate this phone because i just found out that a) if you put a folder onto the memory card it can read only that folder  (not multiple ones) and b) it wont read any music thats over 6 gigs    v_v"
well shit! my plans of ultimate evil have been thwarted    sigh    v_v
"well due to burning my mouth today, it is really difficult to eat   "
i've somehow misplaced my phone    hmm
ok i plan to go to the pub tomorrow and am curious if anyone else wants to come? if so hit me up  joyful 
im fucking done!
whooo! today was an amazing day! at the end i got to see <propmale> and <propfemale>! i will miss them more than i've missed anyone before! v_v
"we can dance if we want to, we can leave your\friends behind\'cause your friends don't dance and if they don't\dance, well they're no friends of mine \i say, we can go where we want\to, a place where they will never find\and we can act like we come from out\of this world, leave the real one far behind"
omg! this is the first time in months that i sign on and no one else is on!  surprise 
imagine if the whole world was nothing but morning people    after 9pm would the world shut down?
"we wear the mask that grins and lies, \\it hides our cheeks and shades our eyes,— \\this debt we pay to human guile; \\with torn and bleeding hearts we smile, \\and mouth with myriad subtleties   \\why should the world be over-wise,  \\in counting all our tears and sighs?\nay, let them only see us, while\we wear the mask "
"i think people make alot of assumptions without real backing  if you can show me proof then im fine with whatever, but if your just running your mouth (at this point) i would really prefer you keep it to yourself"
just got home from <propfirst>'s party and damn    i am tired!
i kinda want a cigarette    brb
"well today i lost yet another one of my favorite floor associates v_v and to make things worse, someone jumped on her today! ooh not a good idea"
"so on my epix quest to find the ultimate halloween costume, i found a couple of fairly creative ideas  but i found out that in order to get a legit \toast\"" costume you are going to have to make it yourself    hmmm   """
lol 1? on a sunday? its 172  playful  im kinda nervous ~_~
"seriously, i need to start getting cool with these new floor associates otherwise i'm gunna start becoming a dushe "
<propfirst> d's and pizza    what an interesting combination  playful 
"i'm not good at anything, but i'm decent at everything  and i'm badass at some things  troubled "
seriously if i didn't desperately need the money i would totally call in tomorrow     annoyed 
"i don't feel like f*cking with it anymore    i'm too tired  turning off my phone for the night, i work tomorrow at 12 smile 0 so my phone will prob be back on at 11 smile 0ish if i remember  if you want anything or need anything leave me a message or txt  phone # is under info, deuces "
sweet zombie jesus! as soon as i sign on i notice i have 18 friends online at 1 time     surprise  im very impressed!  playful 
"what am i at work but a massive flirt, and a slave    and they have the audacity to tell me i cant talk to people? psh plz! im gunna do what i want, when i want! and if they have a problem they can tell me specifically!"
"in one way i kinda want to take steps toward rekindling my friendship with some peeps, but in another i want to tell them to fuck themselves and if they really want to be cool again they should have the balls to take the first step    hmmm, thank god im off the next few days  time to think"
idk why but i want some pancakes and syrup right aboot now
"robitussin    why do they purposely make it taste like ass? its not even the good ass that everyone wants (whatever your pref might be), its like that nasty (ew    why did i get into that? was i drunk? maybe high? idk but ugh) kinda ass that makes you feel dirty and kinda regret what you did  but you know what? you did it and you cant go back and change it, so you just have to accept it and move on with life    >_>"
"have you ever been so tired of shit, you just wanna cut someone? not like a pin prick but more of a deathly blow?"
wow i just now realized how much i smoke    i go thru a pack in 2 days    damn    oh well  stress is stress
so i got to go to the fair today with my sister which i have to say was pretty damn fun! and very enlightening! i have come to realize we are alot closer than i thought  playful 
"so after talking with some friends over drinks i've come to realize something  no matter what my friends are my friends! even if we don't always talk, or we're going thru a rough patch, i still have the same love for them i always had  and eventually we'll see eye to eye again and things will go back to being well in the world  joyful "
"not gunna lie, i dont know if i care much for this new \great value\"" pizza  annoyed """
"well once again my super awesome plan for tonight has been foiled by work     annoyed  when i got to work i checked out my schedule and saw i had off tomorrow! yes!!!! first sunday off in months! then i went back later after talking to a friend, and realized that, that was the 3rd weeks schedule  annoyed  i hat you sams club  sad "
"well im thinking aboot goin to clisks, i heard theres supposed to be some bands playin but the most of the peeps i was supposed to go with canceled  annoyed  hmm what to do, what to do?"
"hey to all my facebook buddies, i ask a favor  today is officially my sisters b-day! if you can, plz go on her facebook and tell her happy b-day, idk how many people are actually gunna say anything so i just figured it might be kinda fun to have her sign on and have a huge wall of people saying it  playful  plz and thanks  joyful "
im thinking of starting a poke war on facebook    i have picked a couple of my first targets    >_>
"i love how when your in the middle of a thought, and your brain shuts down randomly and you just sit there in limbo for upwards of 10-15 sec until you catch yourself and be like \wtf was i just doing?\"""""
"tussin, mucinex and benadryl    my night is set! tussin for some cough suppression, mucinex to break this shit up, and benadryl because thats the cure for cancer "
"ok so now i feel like an idiot! today around 5pm or so i decided i wanted to take a nap, so when i woke up it was 7pm    i thought it was 7 am, which means i had been asleep for 14 hours! it took me txting a friend to realize i had only been asleep for 2 hours    v_v"
woo! i just purchased a new-er car!  troubled  damned excited!
"so i just now burnt a cd to go in my cd player (never had one before, so im pretty stoked!) and wow    its pretty f'n badass! not gunna lie   "
"lol so im mildly concerned    when i got home today there was 1 pizza box in the fridge  i came to my room, <propmale> out for a few, then went outside to hangout with <propfirst>, and when i come in i get my cup and walk to the fridge to get some tea, and there was mysteriously 3 pizza boxes    where they came from idk, so im mildly nervous  _-_"
"i love the hills and valleys of life  one <propfemale>, your on top of the world and you feel like nothing could harm you  the next thing you know your falling, and there's nothing to grab on to, so you just fall and keep going    eventually you stop and continue your life, because there's no going back and there's no since in sittin there waiting "
"i have made a lot of mistakes in my life, and i don't regret any of them  it goes against my 3 rules of life  the only thing is, if i could i would go in and change 1 thing    i wouldn't open my damn mouth so fucking much  i've come to realize that the more i say, the more i wish i didn't at a later time    it has will continue to bite me in the ass "
"\i love your ______!\"" copy and repost this and find out what people love about you  (if you're brave enough )"""
"and as if by magic, my night gets worse   "
true friends will stand behind you thru thick and thin  fake friends will turn on you as soon as you loose popularity 
i sometimes get so busy looking at different angles of other peoples problems i forget there are more sides of the coin to my own   
"to all my friends, past present and future  to all the people i have met, currently know, or will ever meet  i love you  i pray that your life will be filled with joy and happiness and i hope that all your problems don't plague you  take care, i'm out \deuces "
"so today was the first day i've actually been awake early enough, and actually got to see the sun rise in many a year  well it got me thinking about something   "
"so i got to see and <propfemale> out with a couple of really cute hispanic chicks tonight, so im pretty happy  joyful "
"i feel sooo bad for my hands  every day i look down and theres a new cut, scrap, or bruise on em   "
"i think im turning into my family, im getting sleepy  playful "
"*crack* \get in line \"" \""what? no!\""   *crack* \""get in line \"" \""are you deaf?\""\",f6227991509e74c7e8ecea laugh e4a6463f,"i can honestly say, that sometimes i hate premonitions   "
lol i think i've finally snapped    and what an amazing feeling it is  playful 
the powerman concert was pretty fun actually! i had fun hanging with my peeps and meeting new people  joyful 
well nothing to do tonight    prob just gunna chill  playful 
i just now realized that the actor playing beatle juice is the same guy from batman    (the original)
i love november 1st! half price <propfemale> at walmart? oh hell yeah! got a big ass bag of mixed reese's <propfemale>s and  tootsie rolls for less than $5     *throws hands up* what more could one toast ask for?
i have a master plan    im thinking about pissing off every person i work with that i don't like    should prove interesting  playful 
"ok seriously, where the hell do snails come from? are they born? do they hatch? are they asexually reproduced? if one is trecking along the sidewalk and leaves a trail of slime, can one randomly appear from it and be like \whats goin on guys?\"" and skutter away? im seriously concerned and curious where these creepy little bastards come from!"""
"remember remember the 5th of november, the gun powder, treason, and plot  i can think of no reason the gun powder treason should ever be forgot   "
yarg me maties! if ye booty be shakin someone be stealin ye treasure! *insert pirate face*
"this extra hour of sleep crap just isnt cutting it  i've come to realize that i keep going to bed earlier and earlier, and i wake up with more and more time to kill before i go to work    this is annoying "
"i swear i think the more im around people as a whole, the more i loose faith in humanity    thank god i have jewry duty tomorrow at 8 smile 0 to fuel this dysfunction @_@"
your not truly living unless your laughing or crying
"why is homophobia such a big deal? i keep hearing people freak out because they know or work with a gay person, and they are terrified because of it  why? the only excuse i ever hear is because \what if they're checking me out?\"" personally i would take that as a compliment because it means your sooo irresistible that both genders want you   but it seriously does piss me off that people freak out about gay people!"""
"gunna be goin to applebees to get our drink on tonight around 8, if anyone wants to come hit me up or just show up  playful "
"omg, today was better than christmas! soooo many gorgeous hispanic chicks walking around today    mmh! omg!  troubled "
lol oh the tangled thorny webs we spin   
"the 2 biggest things i hate are when a mans a bitch, and manipulators!"
i swear to god i hate being a good samaritan! actually im not even really i just got goaded into shit today which ended me with a fucking ticket! omfg! i hate people sooo much right now! *angered face!!!!!* -_-
i swear to god from now on i will have a manager walk me out when i leave at night   
happy thanksgiving
"i hate when i try to find people on fb, and no matter how hard i try i can never find them  annoyed "
it feels like something big happened today  dec 2nd feels like it should be something    anyone have any ideas?
did you know rolling your tongue is genetic?
what is that god forsaken drumming at tjc all about?
"i think i txt or play videogames too much  today i was dropping paper in receiving and i looked over and i saw an <propmale> toy that read \art 101\"" but when i first read it i thought it said \""art lol\"" and that made me smile  playful """
"after its over you say \ooh what a lovely tea party \"""""
"once you stop and look back at your life you will notice alot of change  most of which i see in my life thou is bad, then i follow where it started to the present and realize exactly where i sit in the storm of shit   "
"i swear to god, i cant wait for christmas to be be over! i want to start chillin again "
4 more days until this god forsaken holiday is over!
"twas the day before christmas and toast was at work, and thing only thing he feared was eating no pork  <propmale> sat beside toast biding his time, contemplating when he could stab, him in the eye  when out on the floor there <propfemale> such a clatter, toast <propfemale> to his feet to see whats a matter  the sight that he saw made him shutter with freight, twas a lowly pooh bear having a fight "
bought a pack    what a way to start off the new years @_@
if you ended 2010 single    put this as your status and if someone inboxes you with a heart ? it means they want you for 2011    smile 
"i hate silence, it means somethings happening somewhere else  whether that be good or bad depends on the person or the situation  annoyed "
"i am so confused in this crazy labyrinth, that im about ready to throw up the hands and say f**k it   "
lol thank you all my fb peeps for the birthday wishes!  troubled  i hope everyone has a blessed year!
oh tussin    why do you have to taste sooo amazing? @_@
alright so im thinking of having a big birthday bash blowout thing for all my peeps that were born in <propfirst>    prob gunna go to the <propfemale>'s or cheddars or some place to get some drinks    anyone interested?
"ok so i officially have a day and time set for this \january birthday celebration\"" if your interested hit me up so i can get an idea of who all wants to help celebrate  troubled """
"im in a mixture between nervous, excited, and sad all at once    what a weird nirvana"
i think im the whitest person you'll ever meet  but im that off color white  playful 
"when every day feels like a year and all your looking for is a glimmer of hope and you try to find it only to get shot down    tis a terrible feeling  the only thing left is to stare at the ground and keep moving forward, theres no reason to stop "
"just wanted to say thanks to all my peeps that made it last night, idk about you'll but i  had a blast! thanks again for coming  joyful "
"you live, you love, you accept  acceptance is a wonderful thing getting there is the hard part   "
"ok so im really curious, what is the freezing point of dew (mountain dew)? i stuck a dew outside tuesday night, when i went to go smoke and completely forgot about it  today when it was snowing i saw it and shook it but its still just as liquid as it was before i ever stuck it outside    weird    >_>"
texas on average one of the hotest states in the u s  10 months of heat and 2 months of cold    i honestly never thought i'd say this but i cant wait for the heat  annoyed 
"i've come to realize one thing today    if i dont like you, im not going to try to pretend like i do "
\males have higher amounts of the dehydrogenase enzyme," so males can eliminate alcohol faster  men also have more water in their bodies than women so they can dilute alcohol faster \"" \"f6227991509e74c7e8ecea laugh e4a6463f,happy singles awareness day! @_@
"well theres one good thing that happened today, i learned it was my last day on day crew!  troubled  sooooo super stoked!"
"word to the wise, dont do defensive driving at the last <propfemale>    i would rather sit in the class room and get it all done at once than sit here, and keep failing one part of my test 6 times and keep having to redo the entire section    ugh! just shoot me! > sad "
"<propfemale>, it taste like chicken    if chicken was a <propfemale> "
thank god im finally finished with defensive driving    omg it took forever!
"going drinking thursday, anyone interested?"
"i could be one of those little old lady killers  im not, but i could be and thats all that matters  troubled "
"integrity annoyed \in·teg·ri·ty  \–noun\\1  adherence to moral and ethical principles; soundness of moral character; honesty \2  the state of being whole, entire, or undiminished "
"i was just told, that if i am going to marry a hispanic chick she is \supposedly\"" supposed to be able to make flour tortillas    i swear i dont think i've ever laughed that hard in my entire life!"""
"huh, this is gunna be the first time in almost 4 years im not gunna dress up for halloween at work    i think im slightly depressed  sad "
"i believe that when your having a bad day, satan puts things in your way to make them worse, but    i believe that god can do the same thing to make your day go smoother  joyful "
"i have a new weakness in life, nerdy chicks  now, to all my hispanic ladys    you guys are always number 1! i love you all  nerdy chicks im not physically attracted to but there's just something about them that makes me want to crawl in that brain and figure them out  troubled "
"every day on nights i learn something new    tonights lesson, 2 applefritters, an oj, and a pig 'n a blanket thats as big as my hand    a pretty damn good way to end the day if i may say so myself   joyful "
"you and i wake up in a mexican jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me?\note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well    be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think!"
"night crew lesson number 2: i love people who are unique  ex ) tonight my stocker asked me to dropped some suger for her, but she pronounced it \hugar\""  which is fucking badass! it makes her stand out amongst the rest  honestly how often do you hear \""hugar\""?"""
"i swear i dont think i've ever been asked point blank if i like \fat chicks\"" <- her words    my response \""uh   \"" def caught me off guard  playful """
"not gunna lie, im glad i can get drunk with my friends once a week  because every time i do i always feel sooo much better  playful "
"hey, you might want to put on a helmet so it dont make a mess when i blow your miiiiinnnd!  troubled "
"i now understand why geniuses are usually alcoholics and drug addicts    the more you know the more you want to forget  annoyed  \\on a side note, drinking tomorrow!!!!!  troubled  i am stoked!"
roll call! who alls coming drinking tonight?  surprise 
"gotta love them sleep deprived, drunken dreams  troubled "
rem and tater tots    what an awesome combo  joyful 
"im tired of this 2 hour nap crap, then waking up for a few hours and then falling asleep again   "
"i wish i could change 'poking\ to \""purring\"" because i think that would make for a much more interesting facebook  playful """
"every day i become more confused, and annoyed    will today be the day i snap, and do something i regret? or am i gunna save that card for when i desperately need it? am i gunna call someone out, or am i gunna bite my tongue? i just dont know anymore  annoyed "
"most people see it as they lost an hour of sleep, i see it as i gained an hour of night  playful "
"the more you know about the world, the easier life seems to be"
"up until today i have never regretted any of my mistakes  but today i realized that one mistake i made didnt effect me, but someone i care about  i only wish that i could have put forth a little more effort, into securing the situation and not just slacking off because i really didnt care   annoyed "
"goin on 36 hours of being awake now, with only one 2 hour nap    not gunna lie, pretty proud of myself  thank god for energy drinks and hatred for my job right? kinda want to stay up and only take 1 more 2 hour nap that way i can be up for 52 hours with 4 hours of sleep  that way on my 2 days off, i can crash and burn to hopefully forget this god forsaken week "
"alright, going drinking tonight    is anyone interested?"
"\    sir is that your penis?\"" my response \""uh    yeah?\"""""
"ok, i understand that people who work overnights are already kinda weird, but when i go to the hospital to see someone at 7 in the morning and you have a pissy attitude towards me even thou you  havent done shit all night    i swear to god, i'll slap the shit out of you! dont have that attitude with me "
"dear facebook peeps  drinking associates,\i have good news and bad news  first the bad news: today will probably be the last day i go drinking on tuesdays  \now the good news: starting next week my days are officially changing  instead of getting tuesdays and wednesdays off, i'm going to be switching to wednesdays and thursdays off "
"and in an instance the angels fall and lightning crashes, and the world comes to a halt and your left wondering   what went wrong "
what an absolutely boring day  annoyed 
"he says, \son", can you play me a memory\f6227991509e74c7e8ecea laugh e4a6463f,i think ive officially hit that point   
