a05d3c8a6ff396bf588b73dd3ff3f389
wishes everyone the most wonderfully happy new year imaginable!
is heading out today for some r&r 
"is back from barren river state resort park   we had a wonderful time!  if you haven't checked out any of kentucky's state parks, you should "
"wants everyone to know that using a pressure washer to clean a deck does not make the job \easy \""  this is especially when it is 90 degrees outside   at least the deck looks good   tomorrow i stain it   """
"is taking a short break from staining the deck    which is no more fun than pressure washing the deck when it is 92 degrees   fortunately, a relatively low humidity helps "
"forgot all about a meeting this morning   oh well, too late now "
wants all his hcp board peeps to realize he messed up and know the september meeting is on the 20th!
feels fairly useless at the moment 
"never thought he would see the day, but has applied to go back on active duty for a while "
"thanks everyone for the questions concerning the active duty status   if you want to know what is going on, check out my latest note "
"for those of you who had not heard yet, my mom passed away this morning (september 24) at about 5 surprise 0 a m  cdt   <propmale> and i are making all the arrangements now "
"thanks everyone for the kind and loving comments   the visitation is 6-8 sunday evening at leak memory chapel in montgomery   funeral service at 10 a m  monday at capital city church of the nazarene, then burial at 2 surprise 0 monday at ward-wilson memory hill in dothan "
"for those who have asked, the visitation is at leak memory chapel, 945 <propm<propm<propmale>e>e> road, montgomery, <propm<propmale>e> 36109   the service will be at capital city church of the nazarene, 4450 <propm<propmale>e> road, montgomery, <propm<propmale>e> 36106  thanks for all the thoughts and prayers -- all are appreciated greatly "
is home again 
"wonders what that strange glow in the sky is    oh, it's the sun!  it's been so long i barely remember   i am so glad to see it again "
"thanks everyone involved with nunsense for such an outstanding production   if you didn't see it, you missed out!"
thinks he should actually be working on tomorrow's workshop instead of spending time on facebook 
"in establishing the priorities, my filter was usually the question \how does this train soldiers?\"""""
visit the hardin county playhouse fan <propfemale> to see photos from nunsense!
everyone have a wonderful thanksgiving!
is enjoying the wonderful pandemonium created by having the entire family here for thanksgiving!
feels extremely satisfied after a very successful opening performance of a tuna christmas   i am thrilled and honeored to work with such a talented cast and crew!
"is tried, but satisfied   we sure have a great bunch of people at hcp!"
"my thoughts and prayers are with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and the entire caldera family in this tough time   we will all miss <propmale> enormously "
"is now in key west, fl   arrived late tonight -- it's a long drive from ft  lauderdale -- so we haven't seen much yet   tomorrow we e playful lore, then head to the port back in ft  lauderdale on friday for the cruise "
"is wrapping up the key west day   it was lovely    walked, meandered around, and generally relaxed all day   tomorrow we drive back to ft  lauderdale to board the ship, which was, ironically, in key west today for its last port call of the current cruise   <propmale> did not understand why we have to drive back to ft  lauderdale instead of boarding here "
thanks everyone for the birthday and christmas wishes   both were great   we are now back in the usa (ft  lauderdale) and will head home tomorrow 
"is sitting in the ft  lauderdale airport waiting for the plane   a wonderful vacation draws to a close     but it will be good to be home again, too "
is finally home from the vacation   we had a truly wonderful time 
"had a great day   black-eyed peas, ham, and rice with fried corn bread for dinner was wonderful!  it wasn't fancy, but sure was good   then <propfirst> made a fudge pie (with ice cream) to top it all off   the heartburn is a small price to pay for such delight "
"bought a new couch and chair for the living room today   as much as i like the old ones, it was time "
is going to toronto in may to see <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfirst> in concert   woohoo!
"is not really a football fan, but that was a good game "
"is thinking that he is getting tired of snow now   it's pretty, but enough already!  it sure has been a snowy winter for us, hasn't it?"
snowing again????  enough already!
thinks it is ironic that it is snowing hard in the deep south and vancouver has no snow for the winter olympics 
loves the olympics!
thinks snow is pretty but i'm about prettied out now   is spring getting close yet?
is now watching the olympics again 
usa beat canada in hockey????
more snow?  really?
"today's game - middle name only! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile, and then put your middle name at the end of this sentence: <propfirst>"
has a busy week for a change 
is very happy to see the sunshine!
"it's 71f 22c on our deck this afternoon -- a truly fine day, indeed!"
"today's game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends' birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence: the exciting city of baltimore, md!"
<propfemale> went back to the vet for her second check-up today and now weighs in at a whopping 3 pounds and a half ounce -- almost double her weight of 3 weeks ago 
"is very proud of <propfemale> and autumn for being cast in still life with <propfemale> at theatre cedar rapids!  woohoo -- way to go, girls!"
"the diary of <propfemale> <propfirst> at hardin county playhouse, thursday through sunday, april 8-18   this promises to be a very strong production of a great story!  for reservations call 351-0577 or email playhouse@hardincountyplayhouse com   tix are $13 for adults, $12 for seniors 55 and older, students 12th grade and younger, and groups of 10 or more "
"has just about finished the bathroom remodeling   pretty soon    the hall and stairs, which desperately need attention "
"had a truly enjoyable, blessed easter   church, relaxing, family, all wonderful "
"the diary of <propfemale> <propfirst> opens at hcp this thursday, april 8th, and plays thursday - saturday at 8 surprise 0 p m  and sunday at 3 surprise 0 p m  through april 18th   one of our best productions of the season!  tix: $13 for adults, $12 for seniors (55 and older), students (12th grade and younger), and groups of 10 or more   call 270-351-0577 or email playhouse@hardincountyplayhouse com for reservations "
is enjoying performing in <propfemale> <propfirst> but glad the first week is almost over 
"the hcp board of directors is planning a 40th anniversary celebration for our subscribers on may 8  if any of you have old pictures, anecdotes, or other stories from the past 40 years at hcp i would truly love to hear see them and would greatly appreciate your sharing them  you can post them here or email to me at jeffcorkran@hardincountyplayhouse com  thanks!"
don't forget that the diary of <propfemale> <propfirst> is playing again this weekend at hardin county playhouse   thursday-saturday at 8 surprise 0 and sunday at 3 surprise 0   call 270-351-0577 for reservations 
"<propfemale>'s vet visit was good -- all is well and she now weighs 4 lbs  6 oz   so she is a little more than a powder puff now, but not much   it must be all of <propfirst>'s shoes that she is eating   "
"is amazed that we are actually getting a refund from the feds and the state   that has't happened in a loooonnnngggg time   i guess there is an \up\"" side to not having any business last year   """
"keeps feeling he has to be at the theater at 2 surprise 0, though we are no longer doing saturday matinées   i am amazed how quickly these habits become routine and how long it takes to get them out of our psyches "
"thanks everyone associated with the diary of <propfemale> <propfirst> for such a wonderful e playful erience   whether you were in the cast, the crew, or the audience, thank you "
just saw one of the prettiest rainbows i've ever seen in kentucky -- a double one!
"thinks <propfemale> is a bit strange   this evening, we have found out she likes raw cauliflower, cooked carrots, and apples   i'm not sure she knows she is a dog "
"happy mother's day to everyone -- sons, daughters, brothers, sisters, and especially you moms!"
", <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propfemale> are leaving tomorrow morning for iowa   we're excited about seeing <propfemale> and autumn in \still life with iris!\"""""
"and family leave wednesday for niagara falls, then to toronto on friday to see <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale> <propmale> with some great friends   excited!"
thinks <propfemale> failed to read the chapter in her doggie handbook about being carnivorous   i just found her eating a raw potato she had stolen out of the bag   she had eaten about a third of it   looks like it's time to find a new storage spot for potatoes 
"is having fun in niagara falls, ontario!  it's a beautiful day "
"has stopped in dayton, oh for the night while traveling home from canada   we had a wonderful time!"
"is home from canada, ohio, etc , tired but very satisfied   it was a truly great trip and a wonderful visit with wonderful friends "
is very happy with the opening weekend of the best little whorehouse in texas at hcp  what a hard-working cast!
"<propfemale> is doing well after her surgery, just groggy from the anesthesia   she'll come home sometime tomorrow "
"thinks that all you wonderful folks from the best little whorehouse in texas should continue your acquaintance with hcp by coming out in july to see <propmale> and <propmale> in red, white and tuna!  and bring your friends!"
"thinks god did not want him to cut the grass today, as none of the lawn mowers would start "
"is working on preparations for red, white, and tuna "
"what a beautiful morning in central kentucky!  mid-70s, low humidity, and a very pleasant breeze -- a perfect day for the zoo with grandchildren "
finally figured out why i was not getting all the status updates he wants   the idiot had accidentally told facebook to hide some of them   doh!
wishes everyone a very happy independence day!  be safe and have fun 
"come see hardin county playhouse's mid-summer fund raiser, red, white, and tuna, this weekend   performances are july 9 and 10 at 8 surprise 0 pm, july 11 at 3 surprise 0 pm   tickets are $20 each, $15 if you are a subscriber   we are in the plum alley theater in the historic state theater complex, downtown elizabethtown   no reservation needed  call 351-0577 for more information "
"great performance of red, white and tuna this evening!  last <propmale> sunday, july 11, at 3 surprise 0 "
"photos of red, white and tuna are now posted on the hardin county playhouse <propfemale> "
is home safe in kentucky after a whirlwind trip to atlanta - jacksonville - atlanta   happy to be home 
"102f or 39c    no matter how you say it, it's wicked hot!"
"just finished highlighting my script for \who's afraid of <propfemale> wool?\""  i think i need a new highlighter now """
thinks it is entirely too hot 
<propfemale> wants to go for her nightly walk but it's still too damn hot!
"and his lovely wife, <propfirst>, are celebrating their 38th wedding anniversary today   so he must have been 10 years old when they got married "
had a great anniversary yesterday 
"was suitably impressed with last night's final dress rehearsal of <propfemale> in wonderland   everyone needs to come see it!  it opens tonight, august 13th, and plays this weekend and next weekend   call 270-351-0577 for reservations "
"is excited that we (hcp) are virtually sold out for tonight's opening of <propfemale> in wonderland!  fortunately, we still have seats for all other performances, but very few left for tonight "
"dear weather: how about a break, please?  this 110 degree heat index is totally uncalled for   this is kentucky, not southern mississippi "
dear weather:  thank you!  a heat index of 81 degrees is much nicer than the 110 earlier today   now if you'll just stay this way   
"it's birthday and anniversary season in our family   <propfirst>'s birthday two weeks ago, our anniversary last week, today is <propfirst>'s birthday, <propfemale>'s tomorrow, and <propfemale>'s next week, then <propfirst> on september 1st   whew!  then we have to wait until december   i love celebrations!"
"wants all his facebook and farmville friends and neighbors to know that i really don't care if you find a pig with my name on its collar   i gave up the farm a while back and have no intention of resuming it   keep the pig, and the nails, and the boards   "
just officially accepted a job offer   it's been a while since i was employed full-time but i think i'll get used to it fairly quickly 
has been filling out paper work for two days   sometimes it seems never-ending 
"what a beautiful day!  currently in the low 80s, low humidity, <propfemale>, and a light breeze   we couldn't ask for much nicer weather in late august!"
"what an absolutely gorgeous day!  low 70s, low humidity -- just about perfect   i just took a short motorcycle ride and it was hard to come home "
"thinks the opening performance of \daddy's dyin'\"" went extremely well   good performance and a great audience """
"place of birth  everyone please play! it will be fun to learn where all your fb friends were born  copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth: baltimore, md"
has already voted this morning   shouldn't you?
"wants to especially thank the tech crew for daddy's dyin' because we never thank you enough and what you do is incredibly important!  <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>, you're the best crew ever!  <propmale>, thanks for another wonderful journey!"
"just wants everyone to know that <propfirst> was on the best backstage crew, not <propfemale> (this time)   thanks, <propfemale>, for catching the mistake   and thanks, <propfirst>, for all the wonderful backstage work!"
festival yesterday and two rehearsals today   i'm tired   guess i'll have to go back to work tomorrow to get some rest 
is very proud of his kids in school -- one finishing up and one getting (re)started 
thinks one of the best things about working for the army is that i get federal holidays off!
is excited about thanksgiving and having the whole family here!
is stuffed!  we had a great thanksgiving feast and also celebrated christmas with the whole family   it has been wonderful so far and still going on 
"thinks he may ctually get through tonight's opening, now that he has gone to the chiropractor   my back is much better today "
"doesn't like the fact that the heat in his office isn't working properly   no one else on the team does, either!  it's cold in here!!!"
is glad it's friday 
"checked the thermometer early this morning    1 1 degrees at my house   on the way to work, it warmed to a balmy 6 degrees while taking me 30+ minutes to get through the gate "
"according to weather com, it has warmed all the way up to 12 degrees now (about 11 smile 0)   at this rate, we'll be breaking out the swim suits before long!"
is feeling really poorly   don't know how long i will stay at work today   
"thanks everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes   and i do feel a little better, too   not great, but better   so many birthday wishes are truly humbling and really make me feel special   thanks!"
"thanks to all for the birthday wishes and for making my birthday so memorable   had a great time at the party last night, even if i didn't really feel very well "
is enjoying a very quiet morning not having to go to work!
is helping show <propmale> the norad <propfemale> tracker   
wishes everyone a wonderfully holy and joyous <propfemale> christmas!
"we're planning a late afternoon early evening dinner at the <propfemale> rover pub in louisville, then a quiet new year's <propfemale> at home "
"just looked at the outside thermometer -- 5 6 degrees   crap, that's cold!"
"please keep my brother and his family in your prayers   he had an atv accident yesterday, suffered a skull fracture and multiple facial fractures   i don't know any more than that right now, but will post updates as i get them "
"i just hear from my sis-in-law   my brother is in no immediate danger, just a lot of pain   he has a skull fracture and orbital fractures   he'll have to have surgery but we don't know what yet   special thanks to the motorist who found him and got help   (he was crossing a road on his atv )  his wife is heading back to birmingham for the afternoon visiting hours and will stay there   (they live in montgomery )"
"an update my niece sent concerning my brother annoyed \update on dad: he's doing well--stable  his head has finally started to hurt (surprise!) as last night it was mostly his back from being on the board for so long  they've given him pain meds and are letting him sleep (good sign!) surgery is tentatively scheduled for tuesday \\thanks to everyone for all the thoughts and prayers "
"latest update from my niece annoyed \dad is settled in new room, but he let the pain get a little too bad, so they're trying to manage it now with lortab and more morphine  he told mom on the phone (she's still iced-in) that the anesthesiologist said his surgery was scheduled for tomorrow evening "
update: my brother went into surgery within the last hour   no word on how long to e playful ect the surgery to last 
"my brother is out of surgery  his facial fractures were in good shape to heal as they were, so they only had to stint his broken nose  much better than we'd hoped! he'll be in recovery for a couple of hours before family can see him   \\thanks to my niece, marjean, for posting the update "
"my niece reports her dad is back in his room now and finally allowed to drink some water   (i suspect he would prefer a beer )  his wife and son are also there, so things are looking better   the surgery was much less than e playful ected "
"it's official   i am officially tired of cold, snow, and winter already and fully anticipating spring "
"update on my brother from marjean annoyed \apparently, they had to set his jaw in surgery yesterday, too, but otherwise it's just the stint for his nose, which will have to be removed in a couple of weeks  they are going to try to get him up and start some physical therapy today, and they won't release him until his pain is managed, so they are thinking another    couple of days since he's in a lot of pain "
"life lesson: before buying a new couch, measure to make sure it will fit where you want it   ow we have to rearrange to get everything in the living room properly "
just got my new car -- a 2011 hyundai sonata limited   it's pretty spiffy!
i woke up with solveig's song in my head   that has now been replaced with our overture -- a song by <propmale> waits   i guess i am finally getting into peer gynt   it's about time!
the snow is so pretty   i wish it would (1) stop falling and (2) go away   i do like it but i am officially already ready for spring!
i really wish shows on tv would stop using ringing door bells   <propfemale> barks every time 
"crap, it got cloudy again   i was enjoying the sunshine "
finally feels relatively good and somewhat confident about peer gynt   three more rehearsals may get us there   come see it at the pac next weekend 
have i ever mentioned how much i love payroll taxes?  no?  there is a good reason 
thanks to all the fb friends who have reminded me that the snow is pretty   but i'm about prettied out for this winter 
"had a pretty good run-through of peer gynt tonight -- not perfect by any means -- but good   it's a bit strange, but come out and see it if you are in the area   it plays this weekend at the pac "
"i forgot to take it easy with my voice last night during rehearsal, so i am hoarse again this morning   must remember tonight!"
"hello, sunshine, nice to see you again "
good opening of peer gynt last night   come see it at the hcs pac tonight at 7 surprise 0 or tomorrow at 3 surprise 0 
gearing up for the final iteration of peer gynt   it has been immense fun but i'm happy to be getting my life back 
"peer gynt and the subsequent cast party are complete   all in all, a very satisfying e playful erience "
home safely   it was good to visit family   love how my car handles on the highway 
a cold front and more snow today?  really?
"ok, let's stop all this snow crap   yes, i get it -- it's very pretty   how about some sunshine?  that's pretty too!"
"scrambled eggs, sausage, grits, and biscuits for supper were great "
i'm tired of all this snow!
"our days -- i e , sunlight -- are lengthening by 2-3 minutes a day   i sure hope that means we will see more direct sunlight and fewer clouds, too   a little warmth might be nice, as well "
great opening for leading ladies   come on out for some laughs   call 351-0577 for tix or information 
not yet 10 smile 0 and the temperature is already creeping above freezing   this looks like it might turn out to be a good day!
"for <propfirst>'s day, post a photo of you and your <propfirst>, and tell how long you've been together  <propfirst> and i started dating a little over 40 years ago (we were 3 and 5 at the time) and have been married almost 39 years "
rip <propfirst> mars   the loss of a comic master 
"<propfirst> and <propmale> leave for their cruise on saturday, so the week of wild parties begins then!  maybe i'll get my hair dyed   hah!  we all know it will be tomb-ly quiet around my house "
just got a call from someone interested in my subaru   woohoo!  that didn't take much time -- i just put it on the lot on thursday night 
sold my subaru!
just got <propfirst> a new phone and it works with the bluetooth in my car   i may have to get myself one 
"frustration!  2 days ago we upgraded <propfirst>'s phone  i checked it with the bluetooth in my car and it worked fine, so i went back tonight to get myself the same phone  can't get it to work with the car's bluetooth! may have to resort to reading the book   "
"ok, not only did i get my new phone to work with the bluetooth, but i also figured out my old one did too   i had been trying to do the voice commands wrong   sheesh!  may go back to the old phone because i like it better   good thing the new one just cost me $1 00!"
"got <propfirst> and <propmale> home safe and sound   it's good to have them home again   <propfemale> thinks so, too "
everyone beware   just heard there is a new fb scam concerning <propfirst> sheen's death   it's a scam and contains a virus   don't click on it 
