be04fa18148e16b57662fa097e118fc7
well this sucks <propmale>    i am officially single     and i didnt want to be   
"fuck everything right now [thanks] im actually taking it harder than i thought    2009, last day = no fun maybe 2'10 will be different"
i have a twitter now  lols  if you guys want  follow me on there  k  https annoyed  twitter com colouredheart
wondering where i can sell my duel masters cards     i'm tired of them
"the hardest part about life isn't growing up, its growing apart"
if anyone has msn yahoo! would like you guys to add me  colouredheart1991@hotmail com im not going to be on aim that often
bb???????? = nyappy awesomeness
not feeling this <propmale>'s position      should i move on?
"let's get pretty, and fucked up!!!!! it's halloween!!!!!"
"had a great time today with my girl   love  i hope to do it again sometime soon  thanks nashi, and <propfirst> you guys are awesome too   love "
missing all my buddies at brandeis    but wonders if you guys miss me?  sad 
i love working at <propmale>'s its the place to be    lmao  especially my location 
"people, please dont ask me to get you a job at <propmale>'s (except nashi and <propfemale> ) cuz i cant promise you its something that youre going to like or enjoy     i would suggest you go out and look for one  that means get off your asses and show the economy that we all can beat the odds "
"i got awarded for passing first trimester, and having great attendance    and i get rewarded tomorrow!!!"
my reward is a <propfemale> mini laptop  lmao
"out of all the times in my life, and despite everything that my mind is thinking    you remain in my ear ringing of sweet solitude, promise and hope  you are what i look forward to being with    even though things are going slow  hours without you feel like days, and months without you feel like years    i know you see it now, that i'm really into you  now i am not afraid to say it  'i like you a lot'   "
"hope everyone is going to have a good week and a safe christmas  happy new year, and <propfemale> christmas   love   love "
zomg    i have the 200th copy of shoxx   pretty kick ass    i love it     nightmare is on the cover  20 full pages!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks kassie  love 
if ya'll gots aim hit me up    farr0w99 or klyde the cat i are bored
happy new years to all of you there   laugh   kick some ass today 
"live  love  burn  die     - atreyu \lip gloss and black\"""""
????????????????
new phone   !! lovin: it  !! lmao
"thinking about stopping by fordham library    imma update tomorrow about it    but if you wanna meet me there, let me know !!!"
"turns out that the 360 has its own mu w  about 400+ mb     may not be much but at least i can watch vids, and update it    wooooooooo!!! (still needs hdd)"
fufufufufufuuu~ i will steal your pikachu!!!
"happy st  <propfirst>'s day to all    i hope you've told that special someone you love them  although the day is only two days from now, i just <propfemale> to wish everyone a safe, romantic evening  crying "
omg   i just remembered that i has to put up my pics from friday    and that one video   
just got home from <propfemale> g  bonilla and <propfemale> <propfemale> bonilla's house     that week was awesome im glad that i got to spend it with them   (fixed)
dead bored  listening to my itunes    like all in shuffle  lmao
"now i know what my next steps are, thanks  i appreciate you telling me now "
got a laptop today    lmao  i like it    but the wecam sucks butt    maybe if i tinker with it    you think?
okay    i finally got my webam to work correctly lmao    yay me!!!
good morning facebook world     another day of staying home
okay    i know y'all have aim or msn      hit me up foo'   lmao    a bit lonely
enjoyed today    <propfemale> sohma <propfirst> and syber seifer rave are awesome  we need to do it again soon
bored as fuck on a sturday night    friends are sleeping    go to see <propfemale> today    it was a great movie worth seeing it again   the 3d kicked ass 
bored    and thinking    
fuck all this shit    fml   and everyone right now  annoyed 
finale de nyappy    imma watch now!!!!
"fucking school dont have any metrocards  i really need one  i <propfemale> have the reserve to pull out of my ass for this kind of problem  imma say it now, i am broke just like some of you all  if i had the money i wouldnt complain every day about metrocards  $4 50 is a lot of money for a two-way ride  simply put, if theres no metrocards soon then im going to have to miss days  cuz i dont got it like that "
what is with the oovoo craze? lol  i dont understand it at all
spring cleaning!! lmao 
am i wrong for thinking of what i lost? wrong for wracking my brain with bad memories? why does it eat me everyday? i feel like a damned loser for falling into the hole in my heart    
"no one understands  no one gets it  everytime i try i get fucked over  i sacrifice my heart and soul, and everyone wants to take advantage of my heart      i wanna love and be loved  i wanna care and be cared for  can anyone do that? is it that hard?"
"i am tired of being single    i got no one to talk to  no one to hold, and take me out of my misery           "
just torrented ninja assassin!!!! woot woot
go bed now   ???????
????????
"hey, guess what? fuck all the ones who took me for a spin  fuck all of those who thought it was fun to take me for a fucking fool  fuck it all  i gave you my heavy heart, and you break it    good fucking job "
"i miss everything that makes me smile  from when i was a kid to now  where has everything, and everyone gone? i dont wanna grow up, but i know i have to move on   "
omg   lost my phone    lol  well it was my fault   so no harm done to others     got a temp till upgrade time (a couple of months)
"<propfemale> with <propfemale> sanchez , <propfirst> carrero , arlett cantoral , <propfemale> almazan , <propfemale> gonzalez , <propmale> mendoza , and <propfirst> darklight   had fun    loved it    must do it again!!!~"
baby is this love for real? let me in your arms to feel the beating of your heart baby~
"circadian clock was awesome lastnight    i wish them so much luck, and look forward to the next show     smile "
"going to bed  if you has my number, hit me up  ttyl all"
not doing so well but im going to go see my lovelies at brandeis tomorrow  spread the news    
<propfemale> <propfemale> buh bye ( <propmale> mendoza )
"i want to fall in love   i want to be loved  i want it all   i want all you have, and i want to give you all i have  please, oh, please"
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: lovable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute   18: smart ass  19: sexy 
just remembered my youtue log in    lmao  smh
makkarooooooons~
"i am interested, in your interesting interests    interested?"
if there is one thing that i love its      its        its        oatmeal cookies
i have mad condoms   im ready   wink 
feeling a bit nostalgic      annoyed 
"its something unpredictable, but in the end its right   i hope you had the time of your life   sad "
"hello there, the angel of my nightmare "
"dont waste your time on me, youre already the voice inside my head    (miss you)"
hoping that circadian clock had a good show tonight  ?
fml
tomorrow is sm2010   i hope to see everyone there   it would be great to see alots of people there  i love you all   have a goodnight
anyone single wanna chat with me? or does anyone wanna chat?
"sm2010 was a banging event i had fun  i may not go tomorrow, but i had fun today  it was awesome   smile  made lots of new friends "
good night facebook land  see ya around      smile 
going to see american idiot tomorrow with voyages  lmao  i cant wait ?dont wanna be an american idiot?
"omg  american idiot was awesome  might go next weekend  i have to see  really the play was so moving  awesome for fans, and great for newbies to green day "
"?? dearly beloved, are you listening  i can't remember a word that you were saying  are we demented or am i disturbed the space thats in between insane and insecure    oh, therapy can you please fill the void am i retarded or am i just overjoyed  nobody's perfect and i stand accused, for lack of a better word and thats my best excuse    ??"
"<propfemale> apuzzie, <propfemale> <propmale>, lovely <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfemale> <propfirst>, and all the other mothers on this day  this is your day  happy mothers day   love "
get paid on friday    i cant wait    -__-
"got my snakey bites  i'm happy that i got them  the only thing is, i do wish that i was just like my ears  i have to admit, it stings less  so no pain  my mom didn't like it at all, which is fine by me, i paid for it, meaning that she had no say on what i get    smile "
loving my new piercings  smile 
 smile :
"she's always running through my mind     no matter how deep the sleep, she's there in my dreams      "
chilling with nielkis and alfie  having good fun  it's been a while   smile )
"the doors     they're up!! \no, those are windows"
omg  booty pop panties  for the rocking booty with out the work  lmao  google it!!!!!
i pick my own cotton!!!! lmao 
"anyone know how to do make up? really? cuz i wanna do a vk look for japan day, and animenext     any help appreciated!!!  smile "
"lost ipod touch today  sad  not really in the mood   but i would love some words of endearment      annoyed \\(dropped it in a sewer)"
living it    smile 
watching kick-ass   omg   fucking epic   
does anyone know how to relax hair? i need help doing so
got my hair relaxed last night    heading to school soon  smile 
"met someone who can out hug me    thats crazy    \she's mah number 1 lol    love  you <propfemale> difrisco"
"went by brandeis today    saw the crew  then i saw <propfemale> difrisco  went to <propmale> hernandez's house and chilled with <propfirst> vasquez, nielkis <propfemale> and enzo <propmale> peña, <propfemale> bazelais came later"
lonely as hell
"japan day tomorrow, everyone ready?"
"japan day, was awesome  i saw everyone there   it was fun, and i enjoyed it"
"now it wants to be <propfemale>     omg, fucking freezing in my room"
"<propmale> out with <propfemale> difrisco, enzo <propmale> peña and nielkis <propfemale>    fucking cheaters at uno!!! jajaja   love you all"
fucking bastard ass rain!!!! what the fuck  sad 
"fucking pissed    my mom actually ruined my whole happy       \\but at least i got to see <propfemale> difrisco    happy birthday  love "
that made me feel a bit better
feeling numb     make it go bye bye  annoyed 
wanna drink till i cant see straight  annoyed 
what to do today     hmmmmm   
"an '10  \\pumped for it  i cant wait   smile "
"tomorrow's plan annoyed \1) get ready for an  \2) go take regent  \3) go home  \4) leave for an \\all this equals world-dominating weekend"
me and ghostninja sama ran that rave last night   an '10 was a night to remember!!
"yooo everyone    let me know when theres another rave, i might go "
building a rave collab album for personal use  anyone got any good ideas for songs to get?!?!?!
thinking about my boo!!  love 
its so hot       
congratulations to the brandeis graduates!!!
apperantly     im awake now ~__~
type sad right now   crying 
is there going to be anyone in chinatown on friday?
new fan craze = 3oh!3
"hopes that khyla machuca has a good night  love  \sweet dreams babe"
"well what a day    i went to <propmale>'s to watch my nephew play in a tournry, and played against his infernity deck     well i have to say that im playing elemental heroes pretty good     yay me!!"
any one with aim hit me up  mine is farr0w99
"im about to go do things now  you have the celly, hit me up peoples "
omg who remembers outlaw <propfemale>? i do    and im watching it now!!!!!
"digimon the movie, yes?  joyful "
<propfemale> sanchez hacking kitties <propfemale> hanging with him right now  love this faggot fucking nigga i want fries &hearts;
"i was eating beefaroni today, and almost cried    it brought back my childhood     i miss the good ol' days     dont you too?  love "
"might be getting a black <propfirst> soon    \\finally a competent phone"
i am mad bored     
nao~
i am away from my mobile right now 
"i love you urszie    always and forever  you made me a better person, i wish you didnt have to go      "
i am mad mind fucked right now @_@
im gonig to make a new da     i will notify when i make it  
"okay, for those of you who were watching me on da, i have a new account  find me - neko-klyde"
may be getting my blackberry at the end of the month            hopefully
"i love my mom then i hate my mom    lmao  love  \thanks i appreciate what you just did, you idiot  playful "
just got my blackberry     wooooo mad happy
"loving this blackberry, but my media card isn't working lmao     idk why"
"who gots teh bbms?\hit me up  just message me if you want it "
"meh pin is in meh profile  \\hit me up, dont forget to tell me who you are "
a bit tired today  but i got this in the bag  wooooo
"meeting my boo, going to the highline, and chilling  that's $"
chilling today with the wifey
~step up  step up  step up  step up  step up  step up in 3d~
for those of you who had me on their bbm list plz add me again 
its raining today  that means its aleep day  lmao   smile 
hit me up 28284f4f
"if i get a job, i may go to nyaf  but it all depends"
today was the last day of urban e playful lorers  a bit sad  i formed a go relationship with all my fellow interns   sad 
"well this turned out to be a meh~ week \but she and i are friends, im happy about that  well all i have to say is that i had fun with you, and i hope that we both can have a good future   "
what's going to happen next? who knows we'll just have to see where things go 
"turns out my summer wasnt really that bad    made a few bucks, new friends  new phone, new girl  man i have to say, sometimes life is sweet   love "
"the third night where i havent got any late night sleep \i swear its the combination of heat, and heart"
omg my blackberry can type in japanese now  halleujah for the 5 0 os update  lmao 
"i'm so happy that she is in my life anything i could do, i would do for her  smile  thanks <propmale> and <propfemale>   love "
spent the afternoon with my love  had mad fun  lmao  can't wait till sunday  smile 
"i'm mad bored right now  everyone is having a better weekend than me  i'm a bit jealous, i'm not going to lie "
now see this here             
its not fucking fair that i never really to got to be with my babe  and now not only did i have to wait about two weeks to finally meet her  i have to wait till slow ass labor day to be with her again  is there any logic behind this?
"got to see my baby   smile   got to spend some great time together  next up, getting prepared for school on wednesday   annoyed "
tomorrow is school   smile  not that i'm looking forward to it at all  but i get to see all my friends  good night fb   love 
"had a great day today, woke up with the wife, had breakfast, and now just finished lunch   fucking epics  i love you <propfemale> collins"
had din din with my baby  it was hella delicious  i have to remind myself to thank her mom   love 
"going home after spending two days at my babys house  i love her so much  i wish i could stay with her, instead of going home "
"today is the first full day of school, now i'm happy lmao  might make it to class late   sad   on the first day too damn, i'm slipping already  hahaha"
my heart and soul feel detached from my body and mind when we touch   love 
now starts the second day of school  ????
ahhh the <propfemale> of leftover food
"omg i'm definitely late today  going to miss zero period, on the account of train delays  i fucking hate new york "
is it me or is time moving hella slow today
"on my way to school  don't really feel like going, but gotta make it to graduate   smile "
"my arms hurt like hell  idk, but depending on how i feel in the am i may stay home   annoyed "
ugh  not feeling too good  annoyed 
my birthday is coming up     wonder what im getting   
looking forward to this weekend  smile 
going shopping on astor place  i'm going by mehself   sad 
went to astor after school  i went with <propfemale> and vonne  i had <propmale> fun  i hope that we're all able to <propfemale> again like that   smile  thanks for coming with me 
"happy birthday to all my libras in the world right now  the goddess has guided you this far, continue to believe   smile "
"does anyone know if kanon, from an cafe, is going to be at nyaf next weekend? if so, pleas let me know when   laugh "
"omg ??? (kanon) is going to be at nyaf on the 9th, saturday    panel + autographs     i wanna go i wanna go i wanna go  d:"
"had fun today with my babe, nielkis, sami, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>,  and genesee  fucking epic ass day   laugh "
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday, yesterday  i love you all  it made my day really enjoyable   laugh "
"i need a motherfucking job so bad, right now  like really  there are things that i want to do, see and e playful erience, but im lacking in funds   annoyed "
"i might relax mah hair again, real soon   \yay or nay?"
"anyone with yahoo messenger, or msn? hit me up with your sn so i can add y'all "
"what makes me great is you  what makes me smile is your smile  what makes me laugh is your laugh  what makes me cry is what makes you cry  you're everything i am, and i'm everything you are  i want to see the world change with you through chocolate brown eyes and silver hair  will you be with me forever? through fall outs and doubts, i want you to know that i love you with all my heart and soul  (9-01-10)"
six flags  ftw!!!!!!!!!!!!!
six flags was so amazing today  i'm glad that i went  truly the best day of the year for me   smile 
trick or treat   smile 
"omg two months  yayyyyy  i can't believe we made it this far  babe i love you  although i pissed you off last night  but like i had said, hard times come and go  i love you more and more as time passes  i love you with all my heart, and i'm still sorry for making you angry   sad "
what do you do when you miss someone but you can't do anything about the fact that you're not even worth her time? i miss mah old best friend   crying 
"in class  there's a pigeon in a box  thank god someone saved it, but still mah class mates are fucking with him   sad "
"i found a box full of sharp objects, what a beautiful thing "
why don't we play that awful game that we used to play? hehe   wink 
going to chill at union today  with <propmale> and the gang   smile 
"well mah mom is kicking me out on a technicality    its all good though, cuz i was going to pick mahself up anyway, i knew it was coming, just didnt know this soon     life is fucking funny     lighter note, i got mah hair dyed    woot woot  thanks <propfemale> <propfirst> and danger omi  smile "
"i made it with a woman, inform the men  laugh "
interview with hot topic tomorrow  woohoo   smile  
we'll call you back in a week   smile 
"feeling good about myself  i'm back home, my girl still loves me, and i have to work  so far everything is back to where its supposed to be  thanksgiving is going to suck <propmale> though, i have to work from open to close  not looking forward to that, but at least i got a lot of hours "
"friends, family and love is often taken for granted  those the miracles of life, without them how can you call yourself human? keep your friends, embrace your family and never doubt love  do them as it was the last day on earth   smile  gn facebook "
happy third anniversary for me and <propfemale>   smile  i love that woman   laugh 
"i has tekken 6, finally   laugh "
meow~
why is everyones facebook sooo fucking epics? i want mine to be just as epic
i got the fb update   lmao   i love it 
#255 is fucking awesome    mad chill and funny as sht uncle  laugh 
"take me away from this horrible existence, and let me be next to her for the rest of my life     smile \video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme nekoklyde 270"
"wouldve played tekken 6, but i have things to do tomorrow, including work    there goes mah night   have a good night everyone and be safe, where ever you all may be"
"tsk  i'm late for a school function  man, i am sooooooo mad at mahself  > surprise "
"#30: where do i begin? i love this woman  she makes me happy and she treats me like a <propmale>  even in mah darkest days, she's always there to comfort me  the feeling that i get from her is as indescribable as it is awesome  for her i would risk my entire life for  i love you babe   smile "
well i have a busy day today      ?????????
"well this has been an exciting year  both filled with laughter and pain, but what didnt kill us has made us stronger  im glad for my family and my friends  im grateful for everything that went wrong and right in my life this past year   smile "
omg  stuck on the non moving train  wtf       mta is not fun today 
<propfirst> pilgrim was a great action flick  watched it last night  orgasmic   laugh 
??<propfirst> pilgrim????????
"wotd: descry - to catch sight of, especially something distant or obscure; to discern "
i knew that i got treated differently    i wqas just waiting for when i was going to see it       fucking bitch i swear to everything        
"i wanna marry you, be with you till i die  i love you with all my heart   smile "
"well okay, blackberry and aol has combined abd actually made an aim app  by aol, rather than rim  fucking finally  lmao"
"bored, i need someone to talk to via aim   [farr0w99]"
"i know that a lot of people are going to be mad, and upset  some of you may want to kill me, but i have made this choice of my own free will  i have dropped out of high school, and and pursuing my ged  sure dropping out is not the smartest idea i have ever had, but is wanting to get to college a bad idea? its for the sake of my education  please take a few steps back and view it from the outside "
"im going to bed now  my favorite person is very disappointed in me  im sorry, <propfemale>  i love you anyway  to everyone, have a good night  [class then work]"
"had a good day, finally opened a savings account  not i can save for an'11   smile "
omg  i was just asked if i were jamaican  lmao   surprise 
going to see my wife  smile 
"i dont like that she's mad at me right now, even if its not my fault, her being mad is a bad thing    "
ugh  i think i should put my head through a table now      finds table 
i loving skins  pretty cool show so far 
started paying on my drumset  omfg mad happy  slowly getting a little rhythm   smile   let the process begin 
"along with my acquisition of my drum set, is anyone offering lessons, or tips? [kindly appreciated]"
i love that girl <propfemale> much  nothing is  ever going to take us down  [boogerface «9-1-10» boogerbear]
"omw home, then out to boogerbears house "
"she's my booger bear, nuff said   smile "
im missng my baby   :[
my left leg is killing meh     idk why    #smh yoooo
"what mtv shouldve done was play the original uk version of skins    i mean dont get me wrong, i love the us series  i just find the uk version a lot more interesting    mtv shouldve played the original version, then sensor off what they dont want to pay for        hahha     agree??? anyone???"
need more followers   http annoyed  www twitter com neko_klyde
falling in love with laguardia community college    smile 
ged test this weekend  looking forward to kicking some ass 
"ged test part one today   smile  wish me luck, lots of luck  lol   playful "
test postponed till next week  woooooo  load off my back 
the snow was a lie  lmao  hooray for rain 
"<propfirst>'s arts and crafts, exist in the bx  lmao  <propfemale> kids unite  lmao"
"raining again, i'm beginning to get used to it again  its been a while, welcome back rain  oh how we've missed you"
ged test part one is done  going home to clean up mah room 
new goggles coming tomorrow hopefully   surprise 
"happy valentines day to all, and happy singles awareness day as well   laugh  may your days be <propfemale>, and filled with love either way "
finally got my goggles  i was waiting z
"finally got my new goggles, i was waiting for ever    surprise "
"friendship song of the day: story of the year \until the day i die\"" """
"trying to ignore the voices in my head, before i go insane"
"getting dressed, then out to union        smile "
i'm at union  come one where is everyone 
"enjoying atreyu's album \congregation of the damned\""\",be04fa18148e16b57662fa097e118fc7,"got work today, anyone going to be in union? oh, and cervantes o'mallie what time do you wanna meet on monday?"
"today, i have training to be a kitchen <propmale>, at <propmale>'s  and i'm being trained by none other than <propmale>  thanks dude   laugh "
"going home, from work  what a day  lmao "
"home, about to go to bed    gotta work tomorrow   more dishes, lmao    love "
"talked to mah babe, feel loads better "
"with nothing to fall back on, i am back at square one "
"lady was just staring at me on the train, and shaking her head  for what reason i don't know  another day in the life of a g-raver  smh "
c'est la vie  maybe better luck this weekend?
"going home from chilling with the fam  oh, how i love them   laugh   love "
failed the ged                fml
"im just fucking tired of online apps      goddammit  whatever happened to the paper app and \we'll call you in a few days\"" thing?      surprise  fml"""
"spring festival this weekend, are people still going?"
??????????????????????
"i know that its mad late early  but does anyone, have bbm?"
"just got home, feeling it  and missin' mah babe   "
"failed the ged by 20 points, got the letter today  and for those of you curious, it was social studies that i failed  everything else was perfect "
who has aim  add me on mah new one   nekoklyde91
watching an cafe - nyappy go round the world tour of '0 surprise 9
i want a new piercing
installing windows 7 black edition to mah notebook  lol
"just watched burlesque with the babe, 'twas a good movie   smile "
"omg there is robitussin in the house, but now imma knock out  night all  laugh "
add me on live profile  lpblm1pm
