c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88
will make the most out of tomorrow  then it's just one semester left!!!
"wonders why everyone is packing? yes, i mean u too  get too packing! now!"
is not asleep   
is a complete retard   or idiot   or something between the two 
got malled today by kids   lots of them 
boom! boom! boom!
"didn't get to light very many fireworks today, so he'll probably light the rest tomorrow  it's o k  though, i'm sure our founding fathers were still celebrating their independence long after the 4th "
"is about to light the sky on fire   yep, just like his hair "
got a 5 in cal ab!!!
is reading for bonus points before school even starts  yeah!!!
thinks final destination 3 is going to be awesome 
wants you to join the skaw ra revolution!
killed <propfirst> maestri =^ ^=
1)band 2)t a  in band u s  hist 3)oral comm   t a  in band 4)mixed chours (a lunch) 5)ap bc cal 6)spanish ii 7)english (<propmale>)
fail   
is going back to class  = (
thinks facebook will just keep comming up with new things because they're bored 
<propfemale>! <propfemale>! ye-haw!!!
wow! how eventful! my phone battery dies and then my car battery dies! what was that saying   oh yea! fml!
"\stop there and let me correct it  i wana live a life from a new perspective \"""""
"\stop there and let me correct it  i wana live a life from a new perspective \"""""
forgot what he was going to do   oh well!
is on facebook on a wii!
yea! class time!
class time once again   
is sitting on the dock of the bay   
has a dislike buton
is statusless 
has three 89s  grrrrr!
is getting his license tomorrow!
wants to thank everyone for wishing him a happy birthday!
new phone!!!
drove his car into a puddle of water two feet deep and almost got stuck! lol!
mele kalikimaka!!!
i passed a mustang on the interstate  does that make my car cooler than a mustang???
boomer sooner!!! and a happy new year!!!
   
not
has better things to wory about than all-region 
"found out that if you do a search on google for \pants on the ground\"" you get updated in realtime of twitter status' that contain ''pants on the ground\"" lol!"""
hates when tuesdays are mondays 
thinks you should go see to save a life 
yes! just as planned  it will snow and   well   i haven't planned that far yet 
is right here above the street watching the city span beneath 
is bored on a hill and surrounded by cold snow 
 playful  yet another facebook change 
yes yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no school!!!!!!!!!!!!!
free snow cones!!! lol!
party at your house!!!
loves his history class!
"softly, deftly music shall caress you  hear it, feel it secretly poseess you "
is glad he doesn't have school tomorrow!
hmmm   
is on a computer on a computer on the facebook 
is exhausted   playful 
has a sore throat and has auditions for the ou choir saturday   sad 
__??????? ??l??? ??l?*?? ?????? ???|?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ?|??? ? ?????? ??l???? __
"\wanna try another stick?\"""""
wow! <propfirst> <propmale> ended in a tie   
no more chickens!!!
gets an extended spring break  thank you corbin <propfirst>!
wonders what is up with youtube?
is glad it's the weekend!
decided he would stop lifting weights at the gym and just start lifting his dog  it only weighs about 125 pounds or so 
is ready for san <propfirst>! party on the river walk!!!
is going back to waco! yea!!!
lol! cnn related derivatives to tacos 
thinks fort smith has it lucky  i've been to two mexican restaurants in texas and both have been pretty bad 
some how escaped the wrath of the sun with spf 80 and with only one coat of it too   laugh 
it's sea world time!!!
is in waco!!! yea!
is back!!!
is happy he has his car back!
zabwedap a zoobyzoo zabwedap a doo za wha!
wishes all the ap cal students good luck tomorrow!!!
is playing coffee pong at ihop without a ball 
feels the bite of the coffee now 
didn't get enough coffee today 
has a 120 pound dog in his lap  it's ok though  he didn't need his legs anyway 
got his senior pics taken today and cant wait to see how they turn out!!!
felt like he didn't have school today 
's cat just gave him the cold shoulder 
ooo! it's comin'!
is disappointed 
is no longer disappointed!
loves spring fling and wonders how many seniors he will never see again 
lol!  laugh 
wonders how long it will be before his power goes out 
wonders how long it will rain for?
is out of shape   playful 
is in the 3% 
gave blood today 
put his old cast on his brother!  laugh  now he glows in the dark!
"yesterday i gave blood, today i got three shots   playful "
free gas for at least 20 years in the gulf!!!
two cops two blocks apart pulled over two people on the same street   playful 
is trying to figure out why toy story 3 is being advertised at the post office 
fact #101: driving top down at night can cause drunk chicks to yell at you 
''it's illegal to mispronounce the name of the state of arkansas ''
"indiana-''the value of pi is 4, not 3 1415 ''"
mom in t-9 is 666 
is waking in memphis 
is walking in memphis  lol! and hates t-9 
loves memphis fights!
so i was playing the game and   
hates effing rocks!
saw two guys carrying crosses on the side of the road 
is at wingfest  there seems to be more beer than wings though 
is tired from his job   zzzzz
is groovin to the old 50's big band music 
had fun in tulsa!
is listening to the rain and his dog snore! lol!
looks like he just got done playing in a chimney 
saw a pair of green converse hanging from a powerline 
has so many paper cuts on his hands  lol!
is at la huerta listening to a band play 
is up in faytown 
is the american 
thinks avitar   i mean the last air bender was good 
is covered in ash and smoke 
thinks this is the definition of a flash flood 
"rain, rain, come and stay   "
just entered the i heart my sibling sweepstakes  enter for a <propmale> to win a trip to the wizarding world of <propmale> potter in <propmale> by telling us why you love your brother or sister 
got a 5 in bc cal! ye haw!!!
yea! <propfemale>!
a wal-mart without power   definately a first 
is on his way to nashville and is really bored 
yea! intense rain!!! the driver can't even see the road!!! yea!
nashville is out of power!!!
''hey redneck!''
is having fun at fbla nationals  the highlight of the day was deffinately the bus driver getting pulled over 
is part of one of the top 10 network designing teams in the nation 
got 10th place!!!
there's a high population density of gingers here at fbla nationals 
thinks nashville has been gettoer than memphis 
home sweet home!!!
wow  avatar is returning to theaters august 27th with a whole 8 extra minutes in the movie   laugh 
is at mt  magazine 
lost at mt  magazine 
realized why he loves clouds 
had to drive around a car battery in the middle of the road  fail!
is west bound!
just partied at club sweat! yea! 200 people in a room not even meant for 75 
"4 dance parties, a massive whirlpool, and a belly flop contest all in one day  camp crimson is awesome!"
is back!!! but not for long!
is tired from 3 hours at mercy   playful 
tick tock goes the clock 
#amexarcadefire this is pretty crazy stuff!
#amexarcadefire yea!
#amexarcadefire wake up!
#amexarcadefire that was pretty epic 
wishes statuses could be phrases of music 
thinks arvest is a fraud 
party at wild river country all night long!!!
just got 138 in a game of bowling!
3 days!
is moved in!!!
"it's not really that you have to live off ramen noodles, it that you want to live off ramen noodles "
is on the campus target trip! yea!
is the im chair for his dorm  lol!
is the person who took the last cereal bowl   people hate me now   laugh 
party in the laundry room!!!
time for my first class!
needs a bike 
yea for random scholarships!!!
feels sorry for all the suckers who have to take cal 2   but this root beer sucker is really good 
yea for random scholarships!!!
my only class tomorrow is 7 surprise 0-9 smile 0!!!  playful  retarded!!!
has like the perfect schedule now!
can get a fish for his room  sweet!
free ice cream in the bottom of <propmale>!!!
is refreshed 
crap  i've got to iron my clothes tonight   playful 
thinks 6 is early and 5 smile 0 is insane 
yea! i get 20 <propfemale> for lunch every thursday!
is in the fort!
"52 friends online, 6 show up on the chat list   hmmm   "
bubbles!!!
is enjoying the pleasant cloud cover over campus right now 
is going to alcohol education! i guess i'm going to learn about how to get drunk   laugh 
mmmm   ice cream social 
went from 7:15 to 6 o'clock practices  yea!!!
sever thunderstorm!!! yea!!!
thinks the storm is awesome 
is djin to who ever be listenin!
boomer!!!
wants a pet chinchilla now 
boomer!!!
homework    playful 
is ready for 0600! yea!  laugh 
yea!!! only class for the day was canceled!!!
gave blood again! *passes out*
absolutly loathes the first half of this day 
wow! google keeps amazing me! google instant is now available which automatically brings up search results as you type  =o
is ready for the game tomorrow  boomer!
foam party!!!
foam party!!! with bubbles!!!!!!!!!
was in over his head   in bubbles 
i’m watching the mtv #vma vip pass live on http annoyed  soc li gpzurpj
thinks bus drivers swing wide on purpose to make people sacred that they might get hit 
mmmmm! waking up at 5 smile 0 for a 6 a m  work out feels great!
got his ticket to the air force game!!! yea!
found out how much more efficiently his ou e-mail works on outlook 
boomer!!!
won!!! lol!
had fun playing paintball!
thinks it's nice to relax   for a little while at least 
got bit   by a paintball or two   or five
thinks it's kinda ironic that ou is playing cincinnati tomorrow  oh well! boomer!
thinks he should have made a comment about the game in his presentation this week  lol! boomer!
"\what handkerchief?\""  laugh """
"''oh, hamburgers!''"
why is the band practicing this late???
lol! it has started  the band was running around pumping everyone up for the ou  texas game this week 
got his hopes up that his uniform was in  =p
boomer!!!
wow! it's like <propfirst> just had the dust bowl again 
game prediction: 34-ou to 14-tx
boomer!!!
oklahoma just made texas occupied southren oklahoma again! boomer!!!
already hates tomorrow 
hmmm   praying for a miracle sounds good right now 
had fun doing ''security'' detail  lol!
is feelin like a baller in this suit 
why can't we just be lazy and let the things just invent themselves?
hmmm   someone forked the entire south oval   wow!
"\all we like sheep!\""-handel"""
''mom! <propfirst> is playing mad scientist with ramen noodles again!'' lolz!
wonders why its harder to wake up for pt rather than to do pt   
slept through a 4 3 earthquake  hahahahahahaha!!!
where were you when it happened? lol!
ou! the home of epic sidewalk chalking!
"this morning, at approximately 9 surprise 4, i completed my exact replica of the <propfemale> <propfemale> on my etch-a-sketch   at approximately 9 surprise 5 there was an earthquake "
is feeling too legit to quit  lol!
doesn't think he'll ever get the silver and blue off his face  lo!
who needs the sun to get tan when you got sine and cosine!
really wishes he could get his service dress! x@
woohoo! i got a 80 6 on my practice pfa!
facebook fails on firefox for mac   oh wait! macs just fail in general!
yea! 3d math!
was following the pack all swallowed in their coats 
boomer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yea for physics! lol!
thinks it's a great day to fly a kite 
wants to know where he can get a kite!!!
is a level above  lol!
woke up 3 <propfemale> before pt and some how still made it  lol!
wow! facebook added a nice photo previewer  a change i actually like 
shibboleet!
almost hit his physics professor in the face with a bowling ball!  laugh 
my bed must be incredibly dense for its size cuz its gravitational attraction is super strong 
has a black light in his room! yea!
is ready for the game! boomer!!!
wonders how many times he was on tv tonight!
"''we want to play for the team on the front, not the name on the back '' -the university of colorado football players"
thinks its frigin cold!
just had to wait an hour for better weather  lol!
needs to figure out how to put sooner sense in his brain 
caf = good nom nom nom!
thinks this abortion crap is retarded and wishes someone would kick them off campus 
is not a responsible american 
got his blues! yea!!!!!!!!!
thinks its mildly amusing that he is doing the same things in physics and calculus 
"\i go by a 3 smile 2-3 smile 8 rule  if the video is between this time? frame it has a good <propmale> of being a <propmale> roll \"""""
just watched inception again! and it was awesome   again!
loves the red bull car! free red bull everytime!
holy crap!!! they just like blew up the sky with fireworks!!!!!!!!!
"lol! the number 1 most viewed youtube video \baby\"" has more dislikes than likes!  laugh """
is mad cuz he can't go see <propmale> potter friday!
the 50 most popular women on the web (according to google): #7 <propfirst> bieber!  laugh 
"had fun with <propmale> belanger, <propmale> boren, <propfemale> mccaffrey, and <propfemale> dickey seeing <propmale> potter and buying brown socks!  laugh "
presented colors tonight and it was awesome!
is headed home soon!
thinks we're about to break the ''winter barrier ''
just 4 days till the 25 days before christmas!!! lol!
boomer!!!
is back to sooner country!!!
happy cyber monday!!!
\a solar flare shines through her hair,\c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,yea! <propfemale>'s going to give ou an early christmas present this year! a victory over nebraska!
is throughly enjoying everyone changing their profile pics to cartoons and pokemon!
rofl!!!!!!!!!!!! the dr  pepper tuition throw was hilarious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
boomer!!!
tostitos fiesta bowl here we come baby!!!!!!!!!
thinks he'll have swipe access to the national weather center next semester  yea!
of course i leave for class as soon as it starts to rain in near freezing temps!  playful 
passed the pfa with a 85!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\what do tigers dream of when they take their little tiger snooze?\""-the hangover"""
"felt like going on a really long run, but realized he's too lazy to do so "
thinks people should add oldspeak to their languages 
''lets go to the rofl house!'' -@<propmale> boren
had a fun night with the gang om nom noming at red lobster!
facebook needs a way to temporarily disable your account during finals week   
watched part of the meteor shower and thought it was awesome eventhough it was  freezing!
is walking around looking sketch with a hanger in his hand  lol!
wonders why you can download your profile now?
feels like he's missing something   oh! it must be that pint of blood he just donated  lol!
got gloves for donating blood!
"would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes!!! and just for records, the cake is not a lie!!!"
had a great birthday and wants to thank everyone again for the birthday wishes!
"cuz all i do is ho, ho, ho no matter what  i got christmas on my mind, no i can't ever get enough  yea every time i step up into town, christmas decorations go up!     and they stay there!!!"
"\merry christmas to all and to all a good night!!!\"""""
is a man now  his grandpa let him drive his beastly truck today 
lol! 5 hour energy drinks have 8333% of your daily b12!
what i feel like after the dentist: ''whoa! is this real life???''
"bye, bye sun!"
has logged at least 22 hours on the interstate this month alone 
thinks the game cootie is rigged to where only a 4 year old can win 
has commited a sin because this was the first christmas he did not watch the christmas story!!! nooooo!!!!!!!!!
yea! i can't feel half my face!!! lol!
"bye, bye wisdom teeth!!!"
around 8 hours of dental work in 9 days   playful 
it effectively feels like i was in a boxing match today   playful 
my nightmares: ''suprise!!! those wisdom teeth we took out were just you baby wisdom teeth  we still have to take out your adult wisdom teeth ''
just had a dream about pizza   sad  damn i miss food!
yea!!! first snow of the year!!!!!!!!!
hasn't been on facebook for over a week! i feel proud of myself!!!
one of two running linx in the entire classroom of like 150 or so  score!!!
is studying c  beware   
can't take all the wannabe gingers! geez!
here comes the snow da-da-da-da  here comes the snow and i say ''it's alright!''
the vitamin string quartet=amazingness
snow day  sleep-in day!!! yea!!!
has 4 classes back to back tomorrow  lol!
"\who's to say what's impossible and can't be found \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>"""
yea!!! i get to sleep!!!
isleep  lol!
"\napalm is nature's toothpaste!\""-ctrl+alt+del"""
why does my dorm hallway smell like burnt <propfemale> coffee in the mornings?
''i just wanted to make it snow!!!''
"is it bad that when the pastor talked about something during the sermon, i immediately thought of a south park episode???"
it always comes back to food 
is a <propfemale> eating <propfemale> 
"phase one: get on facebook\phase two:    \phase three: profit!!!"
it's the weekend yet i'm going to be busier than i was during the week   playful 
is going to see <propfirst> eat world tonight! woo hoo!
thinks the <propfirst> eat world concert was awesome!
\never gonna give you up,\c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,error: file wake_up wct cannot be found  please re-install this item or search for it yourself 
plans to be out of school tomorrow  lol!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! no hills in oklahoma to go sledding on! x@
snow storm! yea!!! i'm felling pretty good about the snow totals on this one too!
blizzard warnings!!! yea!!!!!!!!!
"8\-12\""! 8\""-12\""!!! 8\""-12\""!!!!!!!!!!!"""
epic lightning!!! so it starts!!!
accumulation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
could build a small iceman at this point! lol!
hears the terrified screams of innocent civilians caught out in the storm as they are pounded with sleet and frightened by threats of lighting!
"lol! the snow plow is clearing the streets, but it is pushing the snow to the side of the street where the cars are parked so they cant get out "
school's closed tomorrow!!!!!!!!!
"no school tomorrow!!! well, at this point i'm not actually as excited as i was tuesday "
"\i don't care! i don't care! i   have   red   hair!\"""""
school's out!!!
man! the ou prez keeps ringin my phone! four times this week and he still hasn't asked me how i'm doin yet 
got skype! add me if you want: same_game_name
fun til 4 a m  with friends!!! yea!
more snow today!
"dang! tues night into wed the nws is talking about a system that has the potential of dropping \6-10 inches of snow over much of ok\""!!! here we go again!"""
is it bad when walking across the street is about as easy as swimming?
lol! where is the love remix!
yea! about 16 hours till round two starts!!!
\here i go once again with the e-mail,\c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,"freakin fail! too much wind, not enough strawberry fanta!"
too much coffee!!!
"\there's something on your face!\""\",c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,"had an awesomely fun video skype with <propfemale> poarch, <propfemale> m  morey, <propfirst> waynick, and <propmale> hilgendorf!"
and facebook changes again!
skypeing for 3 hours! win!
"just so i can get this out there, i hate physics "
done with homework for today! wait   i mean yesterday   playful 
\all the right friends in all the right places,\c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,*_*
"sometimes you just meet people  you may not know if you'll see them again, but you do know it was for the better "
enjoys his new fish   laugh 
yea! today is going to be a productive day! *crosses fingers*
"you have 10 fish; 5 drown, 3 come back to life  how many fish do you have? stop counting smart one  fish cant drown   laugh "
ori today! time to shine those shoes!!!
yea for shorts weather!
f yea! everyone is studying outside the weather is son nice! love this weather!
"really enjoyed tonight with <propfemale> mccaffrey, <propfemale> dickey, <propfemale> mckenna, <propfemale> milhon, <propfemale> jenkins, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> belanger and the others who i can not tag (because i am not facebook friends with them)!!!"
"\i can't wait to eat this bagel!!!\""\",c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,"\hey <propfirst>! did you eat my sandwich?\""\",c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,"free donuts, a great way to ruin a half decent breakfast this morning  =p"
"if you don't taste sweat, you don't taste victory!!!"
snow! lol!
lol to finishing homework with two minutes to spare with <propfirst> gallagher!
"idk or idc, but either way i'm not responsible!"
nothin like doing laundry at 6 in the morning 
is chillin in beaird lounge where like 20 people are sleeping   laugh 
college  lol!
"''great men don't ask, they just do '' -courage wolf"
granola with yogurt = an awesome part of this pt breakfast!
awesome weather today! i studied outside and am pretty sure i got filmed while i was doing it  lol!
sooo sleeeeepy   oh well! off to pt!!!  laugh 
one week left till spring break!!! woohoo!
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee!!!  surprise 
mmmmm   fried alligator!
to p t !
"vote! only 5 days left!\"
pray for those who are affected by the tsunami that was a result from the 8 9 earthquake just off the coast of japan 
tsunami waves just now hitting hawaii  keep praying for them 
oklahoma- the state where you could make a rock double as a kite 
i'm coming home!
ah! la huerta  it's good to be back in the fort 
good news! it's pi day!!! i had quiche  what'd you do to celebrate???
"today is already horrible  first my car wont start, then my phone screen breaks  x@"
"apparently i don't just have fire on my head, but i also have fire coming out of my eyes too   laugh "
so the story of the three little pigs changes if you make the houses houseboats 
lol! our room now has about 10 liters of different juices   laugh 
no! turned on the lava lamp for the second time and it burned out  x@
time to clear out some closet space cuz i just picked up my abus! hua!!!
laughs at all of these people just discovering how great firefox 4 is  sure the download for the official release may have just come out  i was running it back in august   laugh  (btw chrome 11 beta is better )
\seems like street lights glowing\,c16f5600f3e3735774b0cbb9bbe0bd88,texting + facebook = textbook    so i'm studying right???
pt with the army was fun!!!
the air force band concert was really good  so were the singing sergeants too 
good thing i pulled my laptop out of my backpack  the fan was on overdrive and the entire system was hot to the touch  stupid backpack ventilation  linux standby   playful 
woohoo! first day in abus!
<propfemale>! fuck yeah!!!
