762678133671cc7e327bc5a8d6fca4bd
i think i'm ready for some black eyed peas  mmmmm gotta love new year 
my bird is very sick  please pray for him 
"i'm so glad i'm a super nerd and finished my homework a couple days ago  but now, i think i'll do the extra so i can get ahead "
needs a ride to melson's tomorrow     annoyed 
"tomorrow's going to be quite a day    band camp, xc practice, aaaannd trying to finish my notes for ac "
doesn't like the 21st century 
"oh my goodness  i've somehow missed an entire day  it's already past 5 o'clock  i need a time machine, dude "
it's the butterflies of it all   
you can't believe everything a lion tells you 
"if if had known that only 3 out of our 7 fastest girls would show, i would have totally gone to the invitational today  gosh "
i've gotta lay of the macdonald's     that crap's turning my skin all funny 
seriously guys    no lie  does anyone want a hamster? i have like six that i need to get off of my hands  reply asap 
wants sleep  sleep won't come  can't eat  talk is useless  shaken to the core 
hmm     spider bite?  i really don't know  how do i tell? cause    i don't wanna end up like one of those people who leave the spider bite alone and then gets some stranage infection which leads to like     uhmmmm staph and then full on mrsa and like    like    they have to chop off my leg  cause that would suuuuuccckkkk 
"yardsales and drive-thrus, bicycles and beestings  top it all off with <propfemale> chapstick  today is a good day "
stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid  crap  i screwed up big this time 
i was eating a turkey meatball  i sneezed  turkey in my nose? not cool 
is about to get reeal serious about the violin  forreal this time 
spinach makes your teeth feel funny 
i am in love with <propmale> dudamel 
so he woke me up at 9am    to tell me that i need to get some rest 
"why is it always so perfect when <propfemale> <propmale> does it?!? mine looks like crap  well, not crap, but not as good as <propfemale>'s!!"
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>!  her's looks like something from a store  mine looks like something from a 3rd grade <propmale> class  m<propmale>ha freaking stew<propmale>    gosh 
i got my cootie shot today  it hurtssssss  =[
"two words: hallowneen town definition: the most awesome movie series ever   (sorry <propmale> potter, lord of the rings, <propfemale> wars, and the land before time)"
why are lifetime movies always so dramatic? why am i even watching the lifetime movie network?
"dryer lint  something needs to be done with dryer lint  we just throw it away after each load  think of the wasted potential  yes, it's too fragile to spin into thread, but why not insulation? why don't we use it to fill pillows for the homeless? just a thought   "
"so, who's getting the swine flu vaccination at school? or at all?"
arrrrrrrghhhhh how did i manage to watch the whooolee documentary?  i need to do my homework 
important!! does anyone have the questions for mr  moore's webquest??? reply asap  thanks 
talk to meee
"ughhhhh <propfemale> has my gloves accidentally   i hope she brings them tomorrow  shdjhsjkfhsjkfh sdjkc vbvjksda hfjksdbfjkwdn,sdfioshf ;hn"
so    we won 2nd place in the pumpkin contest   i'm not going back for costume judging  i'm bored 
fml
i had a pretty fun night   smile 
is it normal that i still think about it every single day?
gahhh idk if i have to be at school early tomorrow for bpa
"<propfirst>, you're being inappropriate "
lalala watching drumline  smile 
so uhhh     whats everybody doing tomorrow since we have a rain day?
why do people have to be so mean?
"just got back home from a walk with my cat   she'll follow me just about anywhere   the sun's not up yet, and i didnt want to walk alone   i'm glad she came with me   smile "
snacktime   smile 
"i absolutely love love love <propfemale> streisand  what an amazing performer  gosh, i love her "
"since when has the sound for facebook chat been a faint \knock knock?\"""""
"happy thanksgiving, facebook   smile "
"gahh to all my hoby peeps: who's seen the macdonald's comercial \sizzle\"""""
gimme that christian side hug: best song ever   smile 
dr  who  love 
woot woot no school tomorrow!!!  smile 
super nintendo  love 
why is it always the <propfemale> little cuts that seem to make you say ouch the most? ouuuuchhh  ouch 
stupid facebook  i like boys 
"back in the 90s there was a marker commercial that featured a song that i absolutely loved    i never knew what the song was, but i always liked it  after a decade of searching, i finally found the song i was looking for   feel free to congratulate me "
i must be sick because i feel like studying 
"law & order: svu        you sit down to watch one episode, and the next thing you know, you've watched three "
chapter 18    jkdfjdkafjakfjsadjsal  annoyed  i'm just glad it doesn't have a zillion key terms 
so     since when has january been thunderstorm season?
"<propmale> cooper, i love you "
is anyone from hoby doing ryla? jusssst wondering   smile 
"it's official  i'm renting a rocketship and  <propfemale>, <propfemale>, vonshea, and i are going to the <propfemale> for my birthday next weekend   there will be snuggies, freeze-dried food, tang, zeus, thor, holograms, and the hamburger helper mit   i'm sorry that i can't bring more friends   however, my party will be televised on the nasa official direct tv channel   this party is going to be one for the history books  don't miss it "
"anxious is one of the worst feelings ever   when you want something to happen, every second spent waiting feels like an eternity   if only the hands on this clock would spin faster   the butterflies are eating me alive "
goodness    why am i so antsy lately?
little miss birthday   smile 
little miss birthday is going to thank everyone who wishes her a happy birthday individually     when she gets a <propmale> 
little miss birthday is not happy  we don't have school tomorrow   annoyed 
"little miss birthday    over fifty people wished me a happy birthday today  thanks, everyone for making my 17th so special   smile "
i should have stretched before shoveling all that snow yesterday  ouuuuch  i'm so sore 
glad we only have a 2hr delay   smile 
   except then he would have to go to the nurse because of the arrow in his face 
"spongebob gogurt? yes, please   smile "
"i should be at <propfemale>'s house watching the superbowl  stupid snow  we don't have cbs purchased so i can't watch the superbowl at home, either  stupid direct tv, i never wanted you "
"facebook, you look so different! why have you changed like this?"
a straight week of snow is like letting a raccoon into your house  sounds cool until you actually try it 
"there's no music playing on mtv    or mtv2    or bet    or vh1    or vh1c    or cmt   seriously, what gives?"
i should've waited til this evening to check collegeboard   my sat scores ruined my day 
hey ac kids    lvl 4 english monday class to be exact    do we have class this monday?  isn't this monday a holiday?
ambassador status?? quite possibly   
"form banana  form, form banana "
gaga says: time for school 
soooooo i'm gonna be in newark this saturday for a basketball game  anybody wana come see me??  smile 
 laugh  i won a playtex sweepstakes and received a $10 itunes card  playtex is good to me   love 
uhhhh    schs dancers killed it today at ud  just wanted to put that out there       smile 
speaking in metaphors   
"so   i have this gnarly cut across my chest   it looks worse and worse every time i check it out   at first, it was a <propfemale> scratch   now, it looks like i could have gotten it fighting in <propfemale> or something   "
hello everybody   smile  i'm feeling friendly 
"anyone in dr  colwell's monday english class     i'm confused about this whole group a, b, c thing  could someone e playful lain it?"
what post does facebook keep telling me people are commenting? i see no post 
mandatory stretch routine before the show tomorrow 
determined to meet <propfirst> mouse 
"\you make my day go by better   youre like the ex lax of bad days\""      hahahaha that's why i  love  my friends """
i guess it'd be a shame to waste such a pretty dress   
what's the schedule for tomorrow?
why can't i be champion? where's my vorpal sword? that's the thing about fantastic tales  they're just too fantastc 
awesome  awesome  awesome  awesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesome  love fjdu love 
just because youre a member of the gilmore family doesn't mean you can go telling your mom about your life   learned this the hard way 
"you don't mess with my family, you don't mess with my things, and you don't mess with me   easy concept   apparently not for everyone "
hey guys     black sneakers  does anyone have a pair i can borrow for the pep rally tomorrow?  someone stole mine  i'd love you forever if you had a pair i could use 
it's spring cleaning day  d=  buuuuuuut! i will make the most of it by turning off the ac and opening every window in the house!  let in the spring!!!  smile 
i want to live a full life    and in the end look back and be happy with the fact that i'm human enough to live like one   -fjdu  love 
i can't find my hoby shirt! where is it???? gah! t-shirt day is this friday!!!!!
on my way home from <propfemale> california  plane's landing in a couple minutes  i guess i'm at least kinda glad to be home  happy mother's day   smile 
   noodle? i can't find noodle  d=
home access is down   annoyed 
oh my goshhhhhh   daddy brought home capri sun!! what a great guy   smile 
"after three months of extensive research, i've come to the conclusion that i am in fact the luckiest girl on earth   love "
oh ee oh killer tofu!
yup    i spent my afternoon making calzones   you don't have to say it; i already know i'm cool 
lebron <propfirst> signed with the miami heat  i didn't see that coming at all 
i suppose i'll go play the violin until my fingers fall off    or until i get tired  whichever comes first 
i think my mother just gave an icecream cone for dinner 
this weather is killing my elbow  idk how i'm gonna get through colorguard today  i need some arthritis rub or a bionic arm or something   
"last night, my mother and i brought our outdoor kitten into my room to live with me   then, we shopped at wal-mart until nearly midnight for cat items  then, we stayed up until one-thirty bathing her, and trying to get her to like the bed we bought   this morning she cried until i got out of bed and held her in my arms  what have i gotten myself into?"
i had a wonderful time today with vonshea and <propmale>   smile 
"my ap summer work is rather depressing     for psych, i'm reading a book about people with incurable mental diseases   for spanish, there's a story that kills off a little boy's friend within the first three paragraphs   my goodness "
anyone else in georgetown notice the purple water today?
fair today   unless my mom doesn't bring my truck back   why does she always take my truck?
"i had a dream that i met a family of tap dancers   they taught me some cool moves and we tapped together in my front yard   then later, i was in a talent competition, but i forgot my violin so i had to make up a new talent on the fly   why didn't i just tap dance? i should have tap danced "
revenge of the nerds!  smile  what a fun movie
i had a dream that someone in my back yard served me a deep-fried tarantula   the tempura batter was pretty tasty but i didn't care too much for the spider itself 
ughhh can somebody help me with my ap spanish?
i wish i had 300 bucks for that speed reading course 
"i was putting clothes away and discovered a teeney <propfemale> spider living in my momma's pants drawer   instead of squishing him, i scooped him up and walked him all the way outside in hopes that he would live to see another day   i'm glad he didn't bite me or try any funny business because, now that i think about it, spiders give me the willies "
little kids think my back yard is a park 
"you've been spending your time thinking about why you think so much   if there was ever a time, now would be the time to see your time here is limited "
it's snowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
birthday birthday birthday   smile 
