cca5be9ddc2d5ca1799c2be7d1d3dcb7
no <propmale> potter for me until next week  i almost gave in to the urge     almost!
"why is there a like option, but not a dislike option? seems kinda biased to me "
"incoming bit of early celebrating~! happy birthday to me! i'm off to the dmv! it's time to get a new id! happy birthday to me! just pretend like you guys can't read this until tomorrow morning, k?"
so weird! posts keep disappearing off of my wall  the internet ghost is eating my posts or something 
gdi  this little box isn't big enough for what i want to write!
"i feel like i've been lied to all my life  but in a i'm happy i have been kind of way  probably doesn't even make sense, but that's ok "
i demand everyday from now on be 90 degrees with a gentle breeze from the south 
oh the sacrifices one makes for the things one wants   
jesus  i must be losing my mind talking to prior service recruiters  shit  someone stop me!
soooo tired  this is what i get for being crazy 
56 degrees in las vegas and it isn't even november yet  these global warming bastards can take their theories and shove them where the sun don't shine 
happy birthday marines~! and an early happy free stuff day tomorrow!
"why is it that people have absolutely no problem believing in something that has no shape, form or actual presence in the world that can be proved and yet they don't believe me when i tell them that my computer program can't do what they want it to? it makes no goddamn sense!!!!"
"life is short  when you're done, you're done  we're on this earth to have some fun  and that the way things are  p s  why in the name of god is the ending theme song to the <propfemale> and the frog so fucking horrendously bad?!?!?! you can count on disney coming out with end theme songs that are ranging from decent to mediocre  but this one    i just don't have the words    it's mind bogglingly bad "
"why must dragon age: origins be the bioware version of the <propfemale> and the frog? excellent execution but the spell and talent system, very much like the end theme song to disney's movie is terrible beyond words "
why is it so cold??????????????????????  sad 
#1 reason why tali of me2 is no longer my bff: she failed the 'stay in cover when the big bad is firing missiles at you so you don't take one to your face' class at interstellar bad ass university 
warning! this status message is not for the faint of heart!! my day has been a giant train wreck  i got an e-mail from the universe this morning that read 'fuck you!' i'm not sure if i should return to sender or simply burn it  still deciding if it's worth the energy to do even that 
"i wonder if the fact that i've brushed my teeth 10 times in the last 2 days has something to do with trying to bring my mother back to life yesterday  probably yes, though it shames me to admit it  and for those who are like 'what a hateful thing to say! that was your mother!' was is the operative word  the next time you have to perform cpr on your mother's corpse come talk to me again "
wonders if anyone else thinks the opening theme to the petville game is criminally cute 
rah rah ree!!! kick 'em in the knee!!     and stuff   
"dese dem saints won dat dere super bowl, <propfemale>?"
rawwwrrrrrr!!! lol
"all right! for anyone who needs the info, my mom's viewing is going to be on 2 13 2010 from 11-2 at valley mortuary with a memorial service at the 51 club to follow  the obituary, if you want it for any reason, should be in the paper tomorrow, so keep an eye out  if you want my family's contact info so we can have a group blubbering session over the phone, send me a message or post on my wall and i'll get it to you "
petvil<propfemale>! do do <propfemale> do do do! petvil<propfemale>! do do <propfemale> do do do! everybody come on down! to petvil<propfemale>!
why should i have to pay another 150 dollars to type in another language  hate windows so much and wants  playful  back right naooooooooo 
"if i could change one thing about how long it takes to cook a pizza, i would change how long it takes to cook a pizza  p s  the previous sentence was not meant to be in all caps, but i'm too lazy to go back and retype it  so instead i'll write a disclaimer that is longer than it is "
feels like letting everyone know she has nothing to say 
"some people are more dense than <propfemale>' atmosphere  for the love of sweet baby jesus, grown people need to act like they're grown "
if i get one more 'oops we fucked something up and have trying 'really hard' to fix it for hours now but still suck!' message i'm going to blow my germs of head coldy doom all over facebook and let them suffer in misery for the rest of forever 
just took the best nap ever and hates whoever just called her cellphone and woke her up   sad 
demands that everyone send her either a gumohar tree or a <propfirst> of some sort in farm ville right naoooo!!
is really frustrated that she can't use the specific people publishing option because facebook doesn't allow you to resize publishing windows  ><;
wonders if today is really only monday    today was slloooooowwwww  it should be tuesday night by my calculations 
is overjoyed that after 7 days and 2 and a half boxes of tissues her sinuses are no longer running like a faucet 
"name that disney movie: \i just had a little trouble with the fireplace   \"""""
"if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (feeling brave? copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get )"
"recently, god was looking down at earth and saw all of the rascally behavior that was going on  only 5% of humans were behaving!! he was not pleased  he decided to e-mail the good ones to encourage them, and give them a little something to help them keep going  do you know what the e-mail said? okay, i was just wondering, because i didn't get one either  lol (thanks, <propfemale>)"
"to any concerned parties: jiminy cricket, of pinocchio fame, has been outed as a pimp  because of this, i petition his name be changed to <propfirst> the cricket "
une playful ected error my ass facebook chat  fix your damn self 
good old fashioned thunderstorm here in vegas   love  it 
ffxiii in 5 more hours wheeeeeee and i am fully prepared to be just as disappointed with the ending as i was with ffxii
there are entirely too few hours in the day 
"so yeah  after revisiting the corn nuts theme song after months of not hearing it, i find it just as amusing as it was previously "
damn it  how do i only have 10 hours left to finish up ffxiii? last weeks trip to san <propmale> messed up my whole game plan  and damn you gow3 
it's coming around to 10 o'clock and it's about time to go pick up new time filler     even though i haven't even finished my previous time filler  whose brilliant idea was it to release gow3 the week after ffxiii  no one has enough time on their hands to finish a ff game in a week  ><
"1, 2, 3 don't do it, congress  it's a tarp!!"
"went to go see how to train your dragon  very cute, although a bit of 'adaptation' has been done to the film  p s  you should probably hold off on taking really little kids to go see it  there's a few parts towards the end that might ruin it for them  probably like a 6+ age range"
"somehow, 20 years later, saved by the <propfemale> still qualifies as one of my favorite shows "
where is my new monitor ups??? deliver it faster!
"ok  so i have this cookie dough and this overwhelming urge just to eat it  give in, or actually make cookies? this is the question "
my dog is at the vet's today  here total time there will be over 10 hours  she's gonna be pissed when she gets home  sad 
"for anyone who cares and didn't already know, <propfirst> <propmale> is now deceased "
have you ever met one of those people that just absolutely refuses to be happy no matter what? i feel so sorry for those people  how boring must it be to spend each and every waking hour of your life bitching about something that's already happened instead of working towards things that could?
ah! a nice hot shower on a nice warm day is the best!  love 
i wish the weather was like this the entire year!  love  winter needs to go crawl into a hole and die   
refuses to speak with walls  either open up your ears or leave me alone  i only have so much breath allocated to me so i damn sure am not going to waste it on someone with an inhibited listening ability 
anyone willing to take a fist in the face from me? i am looking for volunteers 
ugh  network problems at work  makes doing my job nearly impossible   annoyed 
"says, \out with the windows  in with the linux \"""""
is in a horrific funk  will try to break out of it with some bon jovi 
lol omg i  love  despair com
my new phone is way too cool  i'm pretty sure i'm never going to put this thing down 
so  how about them packers hmm?
