df02fba22abd634113807ab06b199115
for my new years resolution   i plan to come out of the closet   
i am pissed off   got some of the worse guest here   people need to learn to clean up after themselves when they are guests  f-cking pigs   
"shortest happy ending story: guy asks girl to marry him  girl says no  guy lives happily ever after  he goes out, stays up late, drink lots of liquor, and have lots of money in the bank    the end"
wish i had a picture of me jumping in the water at 230 am last friday    hahaha   should have brought a surfboard   
some people just have their heads so far up their ass that you can smell the doodoo on their hair a mile away    annoying! bahhh
blank blank blank   my best thought for today  i need to reset   
"is worried about california  i certainly do not want to be taxed to death   those morons in sacramento are destroying this state   \no to <propmale> newsom!\"" no more tax!"""
yay it friday!!!!
fisherman!!! i got a headache and now we are going to go sand jog 
so out of shape   barely able to run 2 <propmale> on sand and 2 on blacktop   bahhhh   sunday run day from now on   
needs a drink   some thing cold with salt    
loves to sleep    zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
and eat mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
don't know i am so tired today   passed our twice in the morning  who's down to go run with me at 630am tomorrow?
foot massearge
"riddle me this riddle me that, who has a big flat ass?"
it's friday and i am feeling sick    greattttt
anyone going to lv next weekend?
i have dreams that i'm gay   
killed the sand it's time for some heavy workout   
"it's going to be a good day today  woke up had some fun, slipped and fell but did not break any bone, found out i got paid two days early, and found some money in the dryer    can it gets any better? i think a winning ticket will do it    "
"when you look at the world in a narrow way, how narrow it seems! when you look at it in a mean way, how mean it is! when you look at it selfishly, how selfish it is! but when you look at it in a broad, generous, friendly spirit, what wonderful people you find in it  - <propmale> rutledge"
friends are relatives you make for yourself  - eustache deschamps
success is never found  failure is never fatal  courage is the only thing  - <propmale> churchill
to be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved  - <propfirst> macdonald
i know of no way of judging the future but by the past  - <propfirst> <propfirst>
good morning peeps!
"need another 299 asian males to complete the 300 spartaneses for halloween  to join you must have at least one pack, can afford your own sandals and a red sheet to use as cloak, or at least bring a red stained bed sheet  red underwear is mandatory, no exception  to make it more realistic, no man is allowed to shower a week before halloween  <propmale> is the best way to attract the woman of your dream "
"lord, if you can't make me thin - can you make all my friends fat? - <propfemale> hampton"
"once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life, i find  - <propfirst> f  kennedy"
omg!!!! i am hurting inside and out    arrrrrrrhhhhhhhh!!!!!
top ramen makes me happy   so glad my headache is gone  rest a bit then hit the gym once more  hooyahhh!!!
the eyes are not responsible when the mind does the seeing - publilius syrus
so so hot   i mean the weather    hahaha
bored   what should i do? errrrrrrrrraaaaaaaa!
"i care not what others think of what i do, but i care very much about what i think of what i do  that is character!- <propmale> <propmale>"
dying   couldn't get out of bed  whatever it is i want it out of my system now!
annoyed   i've been up since freaking five and on the weekend too  going to the gym   i just know i'll crash and burn when it is nice out later 
"bzzzzz! man down!, man down!   need medivac asap! all weekend teams rendezvous with downed man at hotel <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> at 2000 hour  use extreme discretion gentlemen, charlies are out in force  they are armed with anti - l o s e r s  radar  darkness    will work against you, especially after those weekend drinks  i repeat, you will be operating in hostile territories  joker out!!!"
hates this dry <propfemale> weather   
got ticks to the lakers game   i am looking forward to enjoying a great sunday with my baby    yeah!!!!!
"48 hours with 4 hours of sleep  this is fubar! i had plan to pumpkin carve today, but i think i'll skip that too   probably gonna spend time at the gym getting banged up   "
"dudes, my legs feel fine   are we doing this again next sunday?"
feeling bored sad angry sick   etc   moderation should be in my vocabulary more often 
i am not going to wish you a happy thanksgiving because i care   
"<propfemale> christmas everyone, and a happy 2010!"
vacation  makes me lazy    better head to the chim!
"a successful man is he who receives a great deal from his fellow men, usually incomparably more than corresponds to his service to them  the value of a man, however, should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive - <propfirst> einstein"
what the hell happen to football sunday? sbhould i find another hobby?
"feeling down feeling weak feeling drained   it's never enough  i need to take a step back and find a new approach  what was important isn't so important anymore, and the things that were insignificant are now lost  like so many things in life, one blink and they all come crumbling down  it's time to get back on my feet and climb those steps again   "
spent my weekend working   4 hours last night and all of today  love your job or love your weekends? hmmmm    
what happen to fart in space? do you think it would linger until the other astronauts suck it all up when they pass by?
i've been wearing glasses for two years now and i still hate these damn things  barrrrrggg
"gdi i wish to chop off my nose, freeze it and blow it in to a million pieces    "
having a massive headache   
crap i just woke up  had a dream about a lobster with one white claw and then i woke up and saw a twenty on the table  good freaking dream 
cock is on my mind
thank you all for a wonderful birthday  can't tell you all enough how much it meant to me  smile 
fellas   let go play bball  i am bored sunday 
dear diary   day one of hell-week    
i am so freaking bored 
"proposition\ 13-vote yes \proposition 14-vote no!  \proposition 15-vote no\proposition16-vote yes  \proposition 17-vote yes"
what's going on with basketball or football?
"freundschaft geht nur so weit  der rest ist bis zu den bemuhungen  wahre freunde laufwerk schieben, und konkurrieren mit lhnen "
we should have a class action against the nba  watch it long enough and you'll at risk for high blood pressure 
"yo, i am down to play basketball everday after \530 everyday  if you aren't hurt or too girly, let's play    "
my stomach is giving me hell today  couldn't hold down any food at all   
basketball tomorrow at two pm
i think my room is haunted  woke up last week with nail scratches that couldn't have been made by me or anyone else and i've been having nightmares every single night 
"just spent the last four hours fixing, cleaning, and doing plumbing  got a headache from all the fumes "
"<propfemale> cow, i am sore from the neck down  hahaha so out of shape "
"hated when i am hungry, but i don't know what to have for dinner   sob!"
three servings of spaghetti and i still want more  good mercy lord! there goes my workout  hahaha
must have eaten something bad  me stomach is killing me   
home and bored   what to do?
this weather is so depressing   i need the sun 
just had salty pho 54   msg high here i come 
hungry   
just bought a new football and soccer ball  any want to go throw and kick them around this afternoon?
who's going to the gym today  just got a 7 day pass to 24 <propfemale>  % need a spotter   
i love my job  get to work last night and the whole day today  the upside are no money waisted and no senseless drunken weekend  and the downside is no freaking life  i am gonna have to make it up next weekend   
who down to throw the ball around today? and what ever happen to that soccerball
anyone needs a used frig? i have three for sale  one up-and-down copartments and two side-to-side  guarantee reasonable price 
just finish with work  what a day   
don't forget football at lq tomorrow 
good game fellas  lets do another in a few weeks 
i feel like an alcoholic  just me the bottle and the tv  i love wine   
what a beautiful day 
"it's funny how people take things so personal these day  everyone is on edge and super sensitive  news flash, everyone has different values and beliefs    hahaha i need to chill out   whewwww!"
"i just lost a friend because she took offend to me saying i would rather donate my money to charities instead of buying a $5 mil  statue   wow, glad i dodged that bullet    hahaha"
feeling like waiting for the doctor to deliever good or bad news 
holy cow   redskins are being crushed  28 pts in one quarter 
i love working saturday   the only draw back is i don't get to spend time with my baby 
can't sleep  going to work woohoo!!
