d701c580db9d785d4097e86814df81d7
music makes everything better
loves canada! woooooooo
loves avenue q
for the first time in my high school career i got straight a's  nice to know i get it when it really matters    - -
is no i would not like to buy some ecstacy kind sir 
"i know, put my earmuffs on the cookie "
my body still hurts from edgefest 09 woooooooo
wishes allergies didn't make her feel like pewp 
oh snap crackle and pop whats up now
how wonderful life is while you're in the world
has a giant bruise on her leg from slipping in a puddle of water 
wishes she was mulan  she's such a bamf 
wishes there were someone to talk to this late at night  i'm so bored 
has been watching angry video game nerd videos all night 
this can't be happening 
i am heartbroken over the loss of <propfirst> mays 
uuuugh another late night with nothing to do  i'd kill to fall asleep 
i miss you
is awake at a semi-reasonable time 
is listening to a lot of ltj lately
happy canada day!
i love my muffin  love 
wishes she could see fireworks  sad 
rawr 
misses home
is finally going to bed
come on baby play me something like here comes the sun
i won another arguement over the english language! woo
i love my sweety muffin sooo much  hijaba  love 
 love s playing <propfemale> on her n64 emulator  laugh 
zomg harvest <propfemale> 64
put put with <propfirst> today!  love 
encourages everyone to play farmville
is about to fucking lose it! i've been listening to a hammer banging as loud as possible for the past 2 hours now  i want to eliminate hammers around the world 
made tacos with <propfirst>  they were absolutely delicious 
"is sick of seeing \this video is not available in your country due to copyright restrictions \"""""
"like the sea, i'm constantly changing from calm to ill"
why am i still awake?!?!?!
bulk barn!!!
its cayuga's 150th birthday! going out for some epic adventures by the river!
fireworks with my baby  smile   love 
the fireworks were awesoooooome  laugh 
<propfirst> party hates me 
"ohhhhh this is a good one  today, i was walking to work when i saw an empty pop can  angry at whoever left it, i kicked it out of the way  turns out it wasn't empty; it was filled with hornets  i had to run 2km to work while being attacked by a giant swar"
cant decide which is better    fmylife com or mylifeisaverage com    ?
can't believe the fire alarm went off at 4 smile 0 in the morning    
mylifeisaverage com is amazing 
i want to see <propfirst> talent again really badlyyyyy
i lost the game
"there's no room for error  so beware, when your ass is on the line "
i can't believe facebook has english(pirate) as a language   i was going to pick french but this is so much better  my life is complete     arrr   
pewp lololol
rawr 
i'm so lost and i live just around the corner 
oh god i just started the water <propfemale>  i might as well give up right now 
is far too embarassed to admit what i am listening to on youtube
my wisdom teeth are coming in  sad  i can feel the tip of the iceberg   
oh wow i totally read my thing wrong  southwest ftw 
seems as if im the only one not in <propmale>? i'm at moore  how ironic  still at southwest though! moore 350!
i think i got stung by a <propfemale>  is it possible to not know the moment that i was stung?
packing then heading home tomorrow morning  sad to leave but glad to finally see my family again 
is hooooooooome
i love the history channel 
i don't want a large farva   i want a litre o' cola
woke up to a <propfemale> pawing at my face for food lol
waiting for my baby to get hoooooome
sleepy time
i miss my muffin!
thinks cults are too creepy
can't seem to shake off this insomnia
out to eat with my mama!
i am absolutely pooped out! so much college shopping 
had the weirdest dreams last night   
watching lost season 5 for the first time! this is getting intense!
i need skype friends   i have no idea how to use it  alex does it for the lulz  i  love  my skype name
fucking hates her internet right now
i absolutely love my new hair cut
i love mean girls!
google chrome > mozilla firefox
"they say the captain goes down with the ship  so, when the world ends will god go down with it?"
soooo tired! off to bed then out for a wonderful lunch tomorrow  smile 
rooooooooaaaaaaaar
gahhhh why does umass start so much later than everyone else  sad 
i feel sick to my stomach 
can't believe i gave into the twilight craze  i'm in far too deep 
needs to sleep but isn't very tired rawrawrawrawr
fuuuuck so tired
holy shit umass tomorrow  so excited!!!!
at umass!!! ahhhh!!
i love it here!
first class isn't until 11:15 woooooooooooo
i had a wonderful day  smile 
last night was quite the adventure haha
saturday night with my #1 bff chrisssssss woo
my muscles are twitching lulz
homework sucks 
holy fuck! kanye is such an asshole!
omg new <propfemale> trailer ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
holy crap i love easy <propmale> 
i wonder how many blades they are going to keep putting in razors before it becomes absolutely impossible to shave   
holy crap i  love  volleyball with the northeast crew!!
blah such an off night 
this is my time to relax
"the door is everything! all that once was and all that will be! the door controls time and space! love and death! the door can see into your mind! the door can see into your soul! really, th-the door can do all that? heh, no "
i look forward to falling asleep to city and colour  good night facebook 
i  love  metric
"last week, i saw a film as i recall it was a horror film walked outside into the rain checked my phone and saw you rang and i jizzed in my pants"
i feel like poop 
watching beauty and the beast!!!!
finally done with my essay  shower then house! wooooo!
house was awesoooooome!
aladdin!
apparently it's a rockband night haha
rawrawrawrawrawr
"homework then dinner glee with <propfemale> senecal, <propmale> durkin, <propfirst> siciliano, <propfemale> <propfemale> thibodeau, <propmale> murphy, and <propmale> braga  laugh "
i want to sleep more 
so bored
dindins with <propfemale>!
drunk people in my hall are too funny  gotta love the tone deaf girl singing country music
"they say the captain goes down with the ship  so, when the world ends will god go down with it?"
la parole nous a été donnée pour déguiser notre pensée
you don't have to be asian to be good at ddr 
mama and jayjay are coming todayyyyy!!!
i had a wonderful day with my mama and jayjay  smile 
decorated my whole room with posters of <propfirst> lautner  laugh  team <propmale>  love 
anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain 
movie night  laugh 
<propmale> <propfirst> is a wonderful man 
just spent the past hour listening to 90s music and is now extremely nostalgic
ahahaha note to self: don't use the sims app
playing ddr then getting dinner  i need someone to eat with!!
study study study
philosophy homework is hard   
holy crap i love <propfirst> talent
so sick    i feel like poop  sad 
my hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me  so won't you kill me so i die happy 
class til 3:20   then relaxing? i don't even know
dinner then review session from 7-9
this philosophy class is killing me  damn you madame for telling me i should take a philosophy class when i get to college    
blasting ain't no mountain high enough  yes 
nickelback will never be as hardxcore as they want to be  nuff said 
i can't sleep  i worry too much  fml
not feeling well again   this suuuucks
philosophy exam fml 
"i only had to choose 3 questions to answer on my exam  stupidly, i answered all of them  my <propfemale> laughed at me  fml "
i got troubled thoughts and the self-esteem to match
so tired   i really need to stop staying up so late
communication disorders pop quiz fml 
i have no idea why i'm so jumpy lately 
"like the sea, i'm constantly changing from calm to ill "
i don't care if it's october  i'm playing christmas music 
basshunter love 
my head feels like it is going to e playful lode
i don't have the strength to get back up to my bed  i've never felt so sick in my life 
fever of 102 degrees  sad 
i'm not allowed to leave my room for the rest of the week fml
"so save your scissors for someone else's skin  my surface is so tough, i don't think the blade will dig in "
so   i might have strep too? fun  going home for the week 
hoooooome! doctors tomorrow  annoyed 
awww my <propfemale> is cuddling with me   he must know im sick  i love him  smile 
i have the flu and strep   fml
zomg! avenue q is coming to boston  so excited 
got a new ipod yaaaaay
my sword is complete!!!!
"i'm broke but i'm happy  i'm poor but i'm kind  i'm short but i'm healthy, yeah  i'm high but i'm grounded  i'm sane but i'm overwhelmed  i'm lost but i'm hopeful baby  what it all comes down to is that everything's gonna be fine fine fine"
my shield is complete!!!!
omfg ladybug invasion!
so save your scissors for someone else's skin  my surface is so tough i don't think the blade will dig in 
i have never loved math homework so much in my life  this isn't even me being sarcastic 
can't believe my ra gave us condoms in our halloween goodie bags
math exam at 7    rawr!
"i have wonderful friends  i love you, guys  you're the best "
writing my essay because <propfirst> horgan won't get off my damn back about it!
all done with my essay!!! i'm free!    for now  annoyed  all attention goes to <propfirst> <propfirst> brown tonight  smile 
my body is tired and falling apart at the seams
"and i know its not to get away from me, you just need a change of scenery  so strange how everything went wrong so fast and i hope that this confusion does not last "
"my wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it to  your dreams stay big, your worries stay small, you never need to <propfemale> more than you can hold  and while you're out there gettin' where you're gettin' to, i hope you know somebody loves you  and wants the same things too  yeah, this is my wish "
wants to see <propfirst> talent in concert again  fuck you european canadian tour 
another <propfirst> lautner poster for my room!! so happy!!! $^%&^*@#$#
now i know why all the trees change in the fall  i know you were on my side even when i was wrong  and i love you for giving me your eyes  staying back and watching me shine 
there's nothing like a nice hot shower to calm you down
i need better music to listen for when i'm pissed off  coheed and cambria will suffice for now  any suggestions?
so give me all your poison  and give me all your pills  and give me all your hopeless hearts and make me ill  you're running after something that you'll never kill  if this is what you want then fire at will 
4 8 15 16 23 42
so much work to do today  dinner with <propfemale> senecal and <propmale> murphy tonight!!  smile  then back to homework for the rest of the night   bleh
and you're tied together with a smile but you're coming undone
i absolutely love hulu for letting me watch season 5 of lost 
still thinks <propfirst> carrasco is wrong and that i'm right lol
sooooooooo bored
finally made up my test and going to math for the first time in a while  i can feel the stress slowly fading  this is a great feeling 
"me: i gotta take a shower and all that jazz too  james: i read that as \jizz\"" and i was really worried"""
out with <propfirst> carrasco bitches
i think i've gotten a maximum of 5 hours of sleep every night this week  i really should squeeze in a nap somewhere today   
awesome night last night  looking forward to another one! wooooo
"link, he come to town, come to save, the <propfemale> <propfemale>, ganon took her away, now the children don't play, but they will, when link saves the day hallelujah!!!"
finally got a good amount of sleep! woooo!
i love pocky!
just got hacked
sleep 
i have the best view from my window   the sunset is always so beautiful here 
"we must be swift as the coursing river, with all the force of a great typhoon, with all the strength of a raging fire, mysterious as the dark side of the <propfemale>"
"my body aches, im cold even though my body is on fire, my head is burning   please dont tell me i have the flu again   why does this happen to me   "
motrin makes everything all better 
i bought something on ebay for the first time! i'm super excited 
is in love with <propmale> blustain
i wish i didn't feel so poopy  being sick really isn't cool 
i had an awesome night  i love watching disney movies with my amazing friends  smile 
wishes she were as cool as <propmale> blustain
lunch then <propmale> room cleaning rearranging!! my mum would be so proud 
rearranged my room and it looks awesome!!!!
"\if you were a rapper your name would be lay-z \"" - <propfirst> potter"""
this is a nice restaurant and you will behave accordingly!
ordered new <propfemale> tickets!!! so excited!
<propfirst> lautner was in my dream last night  it was the best dream ever  i'm so sad i woke up 
i  love  cowboys
i fucking love the history channel 
i love relaxing music 
they are making the lovely bones into a movie   this is amazing 
i can't get over how excited i am for new <propfemale>  can't wait to see <propfirst> lautner ahhhhhh!!!!
new <propfemale> at midnight ahhhhhhh so excited!!!!!!!!!
"off to see new <propfemale> with <propmale> murphy, <propfemale> senecal, <propfirst> dunphy welch, and <propfirst> potter!!!!!!!!"
i just had a life changing moment after watching new moon   greatest movie ever  ever 
philosophy then maybe linguistics   i'm so tired  i need sleep! wishin' i could see new <propfemale> again! ahhhh!
zomg 100 more dollars in my bank account!! new <propfemale> again?! i think so 
just bought a team <propmale> shirt from ebay  please come before i leave!!!
john: every man loves when a woman brings him a sandwich  it is the epitome of all that is heaven  me: what if a girl brings you a shitty sandwich? john: then you need to find yourself a new woman because what's the point of having a woman if she can't make a damn sandwich?
i'm dying to see new <propfemale> again 
"and when, when the night falls on you, baby  you feeling all alone  you won't be on your own  i’ll stand by you  i’ll stand by you  won’t let nobody hurt you  i’ll stand by you  take me in into you darkest hour  and i’ll never desert you  i’ll stand by you "
so glad to be home!!!
<propmale> is the best big bro
misses all of her besties from umass  sad 
why is restaurant city so addicting?!
can't wait to go back to umass   
listening to o-town   this is so epic  i really wish boy bands would become a big thing again 
so save your scissors for someone else's skin  my surface is so tough i don't think the blade will dig in 
back at umass  laugh 
omg more posters of <propfirst> lautner   so happy!
i wish this day would go better 
"\alex i've been thinking and i think i want you 2 take my twilight virginity\"" - tonianne piscitello  i love you!"""
so bored  and i know i won't be able to sleep until like 4 in the morning  i need a better sleep cycle 
"sometimes i wish i could go back to being a little kid and just freeze life right there  there was always something to do and it was so much fun  and let's face it, the 90s was awesome "
pulling an all nighter with <propfirst> dunphy welch   not exactly sure why but hey   at least i'll have some work done  laugh 
"linguistics with <propfemale> senecal, then philosophy (ugh), then seeing more friends! homework sometime today? it should happen but we'll see  playful "
another rough day   going to the gym with tonianne piscitello tonight though  smile 
just got back from the gym!! am i going to counteract that with massive amounts of food at late nite? yes   yes i am 
"english, lunch, then commdis   can't wait to see <propfemale> senecal tonight  i love you!  smile "
sleeping the day away
<propmale> blustain : did you see the full <propfemale>? perfect time to go look for your werewolf
i love my friends so much  don't know what i would do without them 
"shower, food, linguistics, philosophy, then maybe a werewolf? we'll see hahahaha"
glee was so good 
i really wish this would just go away  
<propfirst> dunphy welch manages to get a few giggles out of me with his intense music 
domino's and cash cab in the lounge with <propfirst> dunphy welch on a wednesday night   wtf? i love college 
what is up with this weather?! it's december!!! where's my snow?!
just came back from a meeting with my english teacher   he wants to see me again to talk about love *wink* so awkward  now it's time to work on philosophy   then possibily the gym? who knows 
going to the gym with awesome people  smile  then watching that jersey shore thing on mtv for <propmale> hahaha
playing age of empires in <propfirst>'s room while he plays rise of nations   we are so social 
goodbye 
talked to two complete strangers in the moore lounge for like 2 hours and it basically made my night  this place is ridiculous 
nooo $1 got taken off my financial aid! those bastards!
snow!  smile 
awesome night
"long day today   lunch, linguistics, philosophy, meeting with my english teacher, math homework, dinner, philosophy review  gotta squeeze in time for other homework too ahhhh this is going to be an awful academic week!!!"
you make me sick 
it's <propmale> carbonaro's burfday and he can cry if he wants to!
time for me to finally get to sleep  talking to <propfirst> about canada for hours was very entertaining  now i miss my canadian pals 
you know you've reached the ultimate geekiness when you wait by your computer for servers to come up after a new <propmale> patch has been released 
studying for philosophy all day then taking the quiz at 7 surprise 0   oh boy 
glee was awesome!
didn't wake up til 2:10 and had to rush to a 2 smile 0 meeting hahahaha
i fucking love <propfemale> so much 
time to actually work on my essay   i want to procrastinate so badly but i know i shouldn't  time for another late night  laugh 
"if restaurant city continues to not work for me, my life might just end "
haven't even started writing my essay   i've been way too busy drawing <propmale> blustain on paint 
done with my essay!!!!!!
i hate ladybugs!!!!!!
one more week til i get to see <propfirst> <propfirst> brown!! i can't wait!!! i love you so much  love 
pokemon stadium in <propfirst>'s room = epic
okay so i have multiple things to say: 1  fuck 23 hour quiet hours for the rest of the week! 2  i fucking love domino's 3  pokemon stadium and diddy kong racing ftw 4  i love <propfirst> dunphy welch and tonianne piscitello  5  scuba diving is not a language!
great day at the mall  smile 
is so mad at my friends for changing my <propfirst> lautner background to <propfirst> pattinson 
tipped the domino's delivery guy in trident layers gum 
i like turtles 
people need to seriously grow up 
chrono cross has an awesome soundtrack   definitely getting added to my sleepy time playlist 
communication disorders final   wish me luck  i'm gunna need it 
another restless night     annoyed 
not excited for philosophy tomorrow!!!!
i'm so screwed for philosophy tomorrow   
no more philosophy!! woo!! linguistics final later today then math final tomorrow   i can't wait to go home!!!
should i be making my math cheat sheet? yes  am i gunna do it now? no  am i gunna go play wow? yes 
12 16 07  love  love you babe  smile 
so tired   texted every hour today since 8am by like 5 different people  apparently it's national don't let <propfirst> sleep day  studying for math then taking my last final!
i love whose line! hahahahaha
the anticipation is killing me   can't wait til tomorrow!
home!!!!!!!!!!!
finally finishing season 5 of lost!
ordering domino's and about to watch season 5 finale of lost!
zomg can't wait for season 6 of lost in february   
ooooooo eeeeee what's up with that?
going out to eat with the fam for <propfirst>'s burfday!  laugh 
i'm captain basch fon rosenburg of dalmasca! don't listen to ondore's lies!
i got a camera and a razor scooter for christmas! woo! <propfemale> christmas!
"you only need to communicate 5 things while scuba diving: 1: up 2: down 3: shit, i can't breath 4: holy fuck a shark 5: o k "
this sleep cycle of mine is absurd 
the flash on my camera is far too bright  i'm seeing orange spots everywhere!
"me: (after my ipod picking o-town then nsync on shuffle) it's like they want me to be listening to boy bands! this is great! dan: more like it's all you fucking have on your ipod  it's not <propfemale>, it's probability <propfirst>   "
happy  smile 
my late christmas in <propfemale> was great  south <propfemale> new year's was also great  i love being with christian andersen  love 
has the sudden urge to listen to glee songs  laugh 
"if the mayans predict that the world is ending in 2012 and everyone is insanely in love with avatar, does that make <propfirst> <propfirst> the antichrist?"
blue
just applied for a job at berkshire!
i hate men 
up early   hard day so far  i think i can make it through the day though  back at umass in a few days! can't wait to see everyone again!
can't wait to be back at umass  smile 
rocking out to larger than life  i'm cool   
going to see the lovely bones at midnight!  laugh 
time for bed 
umass!
4 8 15 16 23 42
why cant i sleep fml
american idol  laugh 
so save your scissors for someone else's skin  my surface is so tough i dont think the blade will dig in 
i'm so happy i have no friday classes ever  laugh 
had a great day with <propfirst> potter!
dindinz with <propfirst> potter!  i wish i was texting him from a hello <propfemale> phone right now 
apparently dim sum originates from <propfemale>  thanks restaurant city 
i have too much stress  this needs to be resolved soon 
i don't like having a 4 surprise 0 class  fuck physics!
scary wind is scary 
how do you kill   that which has no life?
"when there's no one else, look inside yourself  like your oldest friend just trust the voice within  then you'll find the strength that will guide your way  you'll learn to begin to trust the voice within "
off to the gym with <propfirst> potter!
i've given up entirely on trying to fix my sleep schedule 
so fucking excited for lost!
"omgomgomg lost, why are you so intense?!"
i really can't stand people sometimes 
i absolutely love that i have been playing ocarina of time on an n64 with <propfirst> dunphy welch 
hakuna matata!
why am i up so late all the time   so bored!
fuck the water temple   seriously 
i think i'm the only one who likes the new facebook layout 
lost laugh 
yay campus is closed!
i don't think today could get any worse 
lol nice job canada   epic fail
so every valentines day since i was about 8 years old i've been sick  not really sure why  and guess who's sick today? you guessed it  sad 
i love waking up to people drilling and hammering  like srsly wtf 
still feeling sicky  sad 
lost tonight!
i hate physics  sad 
"took some sleeping meds to finally create a practical sleep schedule, doing my laundry, cleaned my room, catching up on some reading   finally de-stressing!"
super pissed! berk stopped serving pierogies right when i got there! biggest disappointment ever 
must watch mean girls!
they say that when you sleep your body's at rest  i wouldn't know what sleep felt like if i tried my best 
i feel completely defeated  my archaeology exam tore me a new one  not very happy 
rahul garg scared the shit out of me and almost knocked me into a bunch of knives that <propfirst> dunphy welch just so happened to be holding in his hand 
finally have the bus plane ticket situation sorted out for march break! can't wait! ?
i love when tonianne piscitello makes me super sized pitas  love 33
"going out with <propfemale> ladd, <propfirst> potter, and <propfirst> dunphy welch tonight!!"
<propfirst> potter takes care of me
i am a cahupiaon becuairtese i said i am lol yes haha ih love this
lolwut?
usa vs canada!!!
catching up some reading    bleh
i really need to stop playing wow and do some homework 
i hate when i'm reminded of things that upset me 
<propfirst> launter is single now  this is a good night  (sorry <propfirst>)
looooooost
still can't get over how amazing my social diversity seminar was today  i love that class with a passion 
zomg! i got interviewed for the sunflower cup cake i made at berkshire today! haha
physics review then the exam at 7 smile 0   so nervous!
so all of my meals today consisted of pierogies  today was a good day 
"today was a good day  now that's it's 6 in the morning, it's time for me to go to bed "
mean girls is one of the best movies of all time 
not a fan of headaches  annoyed 
my interwebz works again! yay!
time for bed  let's hope i can actually sleep!!
i decided early today that i would not drink anything caffeinated   i am extremely irritable and tired now  i must stay awake for lost!!!
i woke up at 11am today  i'm making good progress!
"lots of stuff to do! gotta do muh laundry, pack, study for muh midterm and go to bed at a decent hour  surprise  can't wait to go home tomorrow  smile "
holy crap i just woke up from one of the scariest nightmares i have ever had  two nights in a row i've had really bad dreams  annoyed 
home for the weekend  smile 
going shopping with my mum then getting my hair cut  smile 
my hair is so short! ahhh!!
back in amherst and extremely tired  night!
class then lots of studying  maybe the gym too? we'll see  smile 
this anthro midterm is going to be the death of me  done with 23 of my 61 flash cards ><
i really dislike people sometimes  i wish people wouldn't take me for granted 
bro time with <propfemale> gardner-nelson!
too much studying was done today  time for some sleep!
anthro exam at 2 smile 0 then i'm done with exams! yaaaaaay  laugh 
going to the gym with <propfemale> ladd  smile 
sleepy time  love 
class then packing! home today  canada tomorrow! ahhhh!
rocking out to the pokemon theme song  love 33
sonic with <propfirst> dunphy welch !
out with my mama!
currently waiting at <propfirst> for my flight to buffalo  they made me change gates 3 times   so nervous! can't wait to be with <propfirst>  love 
canada land!  laugh 
fell down the stairs and got a bruise on my butt  sad 
got final fantasy xiii and it's amazing  so addicting!
had a great week with my <propfemale> buns and an excellent weekend with my canadian besties! going home super early in the morning and back at umass by noon  this week went by way too fast 
glad to be back at the zoo! not happy about all this work - -
surprise exam on thursday nooooooooo
i want this day to end  sad 
anthro discussion then spending the night studying for archaeology!!
90's pop is the best genre of music ever 
blah  i don't feel good at all  i need all the luck i can get for this exam!
glad to have that exam out of the way! off to physics then rent tonight! super excited  laugh 
john: we should play uno instead of you paying attention 4 surprise 9pm  alex: yes 4 surprise 9pm
i fucking hate formspring spam 
today is definitely a lazy day 
totally wish i was still asleep right now 
<propfemale> underwood tonight!!!!!
<propfemale> underwood was so awesome! best concert ever!!
i don't wanna wait or leave it up to fate 'cause i just wanna watch you all night
looooost
rough night and a long day approaching tomorrow  i want the weekend right now 
picked out my classes for next semester  laugh 
i kinda hate when people feel the need to blast shitty music  nobody wants to hear it 
you are freaking out   man
home!  laugh 
feeling kinda sick  annoyed 
going out with my mama today  smile 
awful mood  time to do some trolling 
i  love  <propfemale> 
"when you're lost outside, look inside to your soul"
going back to umass today!
lost!!!
mall with <propfemale> ladd! what a beautiful day  smile 
so effing bored 
going to all my classes today lolwut?
2 of the classes i wanted to take filled up  what class should i take?! > >
is it can be hugs tiem now plees?
i think i could eat turkey club sandwiches everyday for the rest of my life and be perfectly okay with it 
disney movie night with <propfemale> ladd! so effing excited!
i really wish i could sleep right now  so annoyed 
why do people feel the need to avoid every problem that comes their way? grow up and deal with it already  i'm absolutely done trying to even get through to you 
had a great day with <propfemale> gardner-nelson  laugh 
"if there is a god, i will be able to sleep tonight without anything anyone keeping me up   "
i have far too much work to do this week ><
yay 2 of my classes filled up 25min before my enrollment appointment   
i iz tired  can i haz sleepy timez plox?  annoyed 
too much work has to be done today  annoyed 
totally fixed my schedule for next semester but now i have classes mon-fri  cry
omfg what am i supposed to watch tonight?! glee or lost?! mind e playful losion 
missed the first 20min of lost fml
slept for over 10 hours and i'm still exhausted    ><
wish my friends would stop being so lame and go to late night with me   it's chocolate chip cookie sundaes losers!
i have procrastinated far too much  back to muh paper 
i wish that i could do better by you because that's what you deserve 
tomorrow is the day of silence! hope lots of people are participating  smile  if 2 people that are participating would be nice enough to let me interview them (2-3 questions) that would be amazing  i need it for an extra credit assignment  thanks!
just woke up   got a lovely call from my mama this morning saying she's coming to visit tomorrow  time to clean! lol
pizza + snl = awesome night!
today has been a great day  laugh 
ummm this 'liking' a <propfemale> is not acceptable  i need the become a fan button back now  raaaaaaaaaaaaage!
"the become a fan button is back  i can go back to my normal, daily life now "
lostlostlostlost
the one thing i wanted to happen in lost is finally done  i can sleep at night now 
take me in into you darkest hour and i’ll never desert you  i’ll stand by you 
had a great day with <propfemale> gardner-nelson  thanks for cheering me up  you're the best  smile 
i have a problem with liking obscene things now 
ahhh so bored!
what an awful night    lesigh
fml
snl!  love 
i would pretty much kill a man to make the loz movie a reality 
never gonna give you up! never gonna let you down!
studying is not fun 
fuck reruns!
i really wish all of this work would just do itself  can it be summer please?
"like the sea, i'm constantly changing from calm to ill"
i am so unbelievably happy!! thanks for the birthday gift christian andersen! it's perfect  smile 
it's so nice out  laugh 
my mama and my auntie are coming to visit soon  smile  so excited! then i'm off for more burfday festivities! thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!  laugh 
can't believe how fast this year went by 
note to self: don't go to berk to escape from this heat 
if canada only has $1 coins then how do they pay strippers?
oh no the power went out!!!
looooooooooooooost!
6 am and i'm not even tired   wtf >< not this again! attempting to sleep now - -
why do i keep trying to give it my all? it never seems to matter - -
so effing tired   
anthro exam complete! now to sleep some more then study for physics and take that exam at 4 surprise 0   eek!
physics = complete  i'm so glad i never have to take that class ever again  i  love  life
"if u have a wonderful man that works hardto take care of you, would do anything for you, that makes you laugh,that's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is yourworld & someone that you're thankful for every night, then postthis as your status to give the good men out there the recognition they deserve, because great men are few & far between"
this thunder lightning is insane!
"life is short, love is sweet, ain't no time like this time baby"
shitty music is shitty   
<propfemale> white on snl = amazing  love 
i hate having bad dreams ><
woooo already got half of my paper done! time to go take a break then write the other half  playful 
my paper is done! i'm officially done with this school year! wooo!
home!!!!!! thank god   
home feels weird 
i wish life was a musical  that would be amazing 
90s boybands  love 
didn't think i could ever dislike home this much  this is fucking hell 
umass really needs to speed it up with the grade posting 
<propfirst> lautner was in my dream last night  officially the best dream ever 
fuck these omg facts things  they are really annoying 
i wanna go to the willows  sad 
i would rather be anywhere else but home right now  this place is still fucking hell 
lost was absolutely amazing  so sad it's over!
somebody bring me to the willows plox!
it's sad that i still feel the urge to run after the ice cream truck for a ninja turtle pop whenever i hear the music down the street   
filtering out my facebook friends  laugh 
i hate people 
the beach was fun but i got a little burnt! ><
glee was so good!
great day  smile 
i want it to be halloween again so i have an excuse to wear my link costume 
so exhausted yet i'm still going out  this is going to be an interesting night haha
i feel so sick ><
raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawr!
i have an urge to watch hercules   or maybe mulan 
i can't believe i just woke up
so much rage  what an awful day 
omnomnomnom
i can't believe how talented eminem is 
bored  sad 
why am i such a geeeek
wicked  love 
"and if i'm flying solo, at least i'm flying free"
another thunderstorm?! i don't think my <propfemale> can take it  sad 
scary thunder is scary
i  love  south <propfemale>  smile 
i have a craving for biscuits and gravy   damn you christian andersen!
i'm obsessed with harvest <propfemale> 64
"it's time to trust my instincts, close my eyes and leap"
happy father's day to all the fathers that actually stayed in their children's lives
i wish i was back in south <propfemale>
got my droid today  laugh 
new droid but i lost my <propfirst>  not gunna start a stupid group for it  just message me your number plox  love 
bertucci's with my mum!
i love this new phone and technology in general  love 
"when you're lost outside, look inside to your soul"
fucking pissed that i'm not seeing eclipse tonight  this is really such an awful week 
change of plans  smile  eclipse with <propfirst> <propfemale> mclaughlin tonight  laugh 
team <propmale> 
sooo eclipse was awesome! tonight was a great overall except for the fact we had to take a taxi home because our friends suck! thanks for a great night <propfirst> <propfemale> mclaughlin  love   smile 
at the fireworks with <propmale>!
beach  smile 
so burnt 
these next few days are going to be sooo long  can it be saturday please?!
so i guess now that its 4am i should probz go to bed 
so disappointed that <propfirst> bieber isn't going to north korea  sigh
it needs to be saturday so i can see christian andersen again!
heading back to the south!
i totally am getting hacked by @christian andersen  i should not leave my phone laying around!
mmmm biscuits and gravy
had a great time with <propfirst> at the wedding  smile 
had my first mcgangbang and it was amazing
"taking care of christian andersen today! he's very sick  sad  feel better, love!"
i can't believe some people actually enjoy listening to <propfirst> bieber
changed around my class schedule for the fall   18 credits now  laugh 
making brownies omnomnomnom  laugh 
pepsi throwback back at walmart what is this i don't even?!
summer went by way too fast
friday the 13th oh no!
happy birthday christian andersen! enjoy shlurping all those jello shooters!  smile 
going to the mall to pick up <propfirst>' new evo then going to the pool  smile 
"i'm going to miss everything about south <propfemale>  sad  especially christian andersen  thank you for the most amazing summer ever, babe  i love you  love "
what a fiasco    missed my flight home because of a stupid parking lot gate  now i have to connect in dc! its pretty gloomy in dc but got to see the monument as we were landing  finally back to boston!
back home!
bored and looking for a project to do   maybe work on revising my link costume   ? is it too early to be thinking about halloween?
just bought an ocarina from amazon!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
62 degrees in august makes me very unhappy
why do i always have such scary dreams? i wish i didn't dream so vividly 
my ocarina came in the mail!!!
it concerns me when i get butt dialed by <propfirst> i don't know  sad  why do they have my number?!?!?!
"after fighting with my sewing machine for about an hour, i finally got it to work  go me!"
"he’s climbin in your windows\he’s snatchin your people up\tryna rape em so y’all need to\hide your kids, hide your wife\hide your kids, hide your wife\hide your kids, hide your wife\and hide your husband\cuz they’re rapin errbody out here"
overlooked as usual
super rage
going back to umass on friday  smile 
going back to the zoo tomorrow   haven't even packed anything  thinking i should start soon  confidential 
leaving for umass soon!!
all moved in!!!
awesome first day back  smile  so exhausted!
if i walk another inch i think my feet will literally fall off 
so excited to see christian andersen!!!  smile 
christian andersen + ice skating = lol
had a great weekend with christian andersen! can't wait until october  love 
i got a job  laugh 
got a job at berkshire and an interview for a babysitting job on the same day  life is good 
oh boy everyone is getting sick   i really don't want to catch this bug 
so excited for glee!
"went over on my minutes, dropped my phone and shattered the screen, and my laptop decided to pretty much not work anymore resulting in me having to reinstall windows completely all in the same day  yesterday was a very bad day to own technology  very very bad "
can't wait to see christian andersen in 2 1 2 weeks!!!  love 
"awesome night with <propfemale> <propfirst> vlahos, <propfemale> <propfemale> cone, and <propfemale> bowler!  smile "
<propfirst> figured out how to make my laptop run a million times better  i'm very happy now  laugh 
too much studying!
i think it's fascinating how the most random people can be mutual friends
gleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
"darling, you are the only exception  love "
having one of those wake up in the middle of the night feeling extremely sick e playful eriences  i feel like absolute crap  sad 
lost my ucard and key to my room fml hopefully it's where i think i left it  sad 
i found my ucard and key!!  laugh dd
there really isn't enough time in the day - -
gotta love the <propfemale> corn pumpkins
just ran into a skunk  it was terrifying 
gotta love fire alarms going off at 6:55 in the morning  definitely the earliest any umass student has been awake on a sunday morning 
studying for microbiology all day until work  sadface 
totally fed up with these fruit flies 
so excited to see my family and christian andersen tomorrow!!!  smile 
paydayy  laugh 
having a wonderful weekend with christian andersen  love   smile 
phone #2 broken  sad 
missing christian andersen   thanks for such a wonderful week babe  smile 
nooooooo reruns worst tuesday night ever
i picked an odd time to start eating a pomegranate  it's soooo good though  smile 
omfg i'm so happy my roommate moved out  success!!!!!!!!
so happy to have <propfemale> <propfirst> vlahos as a roommate!!
loving this weather  smile 
"i haven't played wow in months and just found out my account got hacked  when it gets restored, i'll have free play time  don't let me get sucked back in!!!!"
"lol @ gmail! warning: it looks as if your account was accessed from <propfemale>  \fuck you chinese gold farmers!!!"
too many changes have happened in wow   i have no idea how to play my lock!
fun night was fun!  smile 
why did i think taking an astronomy class would be a good idea?
christmas musiiiiiiiiiiic!!!
started my healthy diet today  i've had no soda today  i'm cranky  sadface 
power outage across campus  i feel bad for anyone in an elevator right now
<propfemale> bowler and i have political conversations in the shower nbd
currently in a poke war with 6 people fuuuuuuuuuu
why do i always have the weirdest dreams?
the poke war has gone up to 7  i refuse to back down 
so happy to finally be back from work and in my warm bed
so tired of trying to be the best friend i can be and getting nothing back
setting up christmas decorations with <propfemale> <propfirst> vlahos!!!
paper snowflakes = success
i just went back in time!!!!!!!
i don't know how much longer i can listen to <propfemale> <propfirst> vlahos and <propfemale> bowler watch youtube poop videos  my head is going to asplode!
gleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
"some people are far too selfish and ungrateful to really appreciate what they have in life  i love my family, my boyfriend, and all of my true friends  i would never take any of them for granted  love "
4 days!!!!  smile  can't wait to see you again  love  i love you christian andersen
you are the best thing that's ever been mine  love 
tonight is going by so slowly! i want it to be tomorrow so that i can be with christian andersen!  love 
boarding my flight  smile  can't wait to see him  love 
taking me out to dinner and the <propmale> potter premiere?! i have the greatest boyfriend ever  smile 
i miss him but i'm glad to be home  back to umass later tonight ><
happy thanksgiving  smile 
gotta love black friday
what a great saturday night haha
"just got back from the observatory  i gotta say that was one of the scariest e playful eriences i've had at umass  i hope i never have to follow the rape trail ever again  \just follow the red glow!\""    never again """
yesss!! it's finally december! so glad to have my favorite pokemon picture again  smile 
go south <propfemale> gamecocks!
mmmm just got zhang's kitchen  it's pretty good  laugh 
i really wish the heater in my room would work
got a call from umass dining saying i was one of the grand prize winners of the halloween contest  woohoo!
waaaay too much rain right now
finals are the bane of my existence
christian andersen is graduating today and i couldn't be more proud of him! congrats babe!  love 
what's up with all the banana peels outside of thatcher today? i had no idea we were playing <propfirst> kart
anyone in thatcher willing to kill a spider for me? i'm extremely afraid 
stupid comdis  i don't want to take your final 
all done with finals! heading back home  smile 
why is comcast so awful?
<propfemale> christmas!!  laugh 
 love  ca
feels colder inside than outside  i can barely feel my hands 
fell asleep at 10 surprise 0 hoping to get a lot of sleep before my 6:20 flight to go see christian andersen! apparently my body thought i was just taking a long nap >< only a few more hours!!!  smile 
flight cancelled  sad  not looking forward to this fiasco
waited in line for almost 3 hours and was finally put on standby for the 3:20 flight  im stuck in <propfirst> for the next 7 hours  yay! - -
snow in south carolina   what the hell is up with that?
christian andersen got me a kitten mouse pad! success!
had a great vacation with christian andersen  love  back to umass tomorrow
i got a roommate who plays wow  success 
i can't stand those people in a class that feel the need to demonstrate their knowledge to everyone by bringing the lecture to an irrelevant topic and continuing to argue their point for way too long  i don't pay for these classes just to hear people flaunt their useless garbage  let the professor teach! sheesh!
trying to figure out why i thought it was a good idea to take two french classes fml
it's definitely nap time 
i hate snow  why do i still live in <propfemale>?! gimme spring plz
i am officially a linguistics <propmale>  smile 
i thought jalapeno cornbread would be disgusting but it's actually really effing delicious
 love  paychecks
and none for <propfemale> weiners bye
i feel like i'm finally getting hit by the plague of sickness  noooo!!!
gleeeeeeeeeeeeeee  love 
i'm so excited to see christian andersen tomorrow!!!  smile 
nearly pooping my pants watching christian andersen play dead space 2
heading back to umass  its way too cold  give me spring please!
2 1 2 hour long queue to get onto a rift server fml
my work is complete! i can finally relax  smile 
coughing so much   i feel like my chest is going to e playful lode!  sad 
i really wish the bank of <propfemale> site wasn't down right noooow uuuugh!
what do i do when i'm sick? lay in bed all day watching the wild thornberrys on youtube lololol
celibacy club singing afternoon delight lolololololol
theres a difference between e playful ressing how you feel and being an instigator
off to see christian andersen! see you soon babe!  laugh 
"today, i ate bayrische rinsouladen mit spaeztle  it was amazing  <propmale> restaurants  love "
christian andersen is coming to visit tomorrow  love  super excited  smile 
nap tiiiiime
watching mulan  smile 
i love losing something that someone told me not to lose 
sooo the book that my professor let me borrow and told me to not lose is still mia  just bought another copy on amazon in hopes that it looks exactly the same 
so much back pain  neeeeeeeeeed motrin!
i really wish i could play minecraft but my laptop sucks  sad 
"\you're a ruthless bitch  but i love that you're a bitch \"" -christian andersen"""
i don't take no mess from nobody  diaf  love 
back at umass   already looking forward to going home for easter 
time to go into homework completion overdrive  mozart go go go!
beaucoup d'anxiété   je veux l'été!
rip <propmale>  you were such a good puppy 
"body aches, sore throat and a fever  whyyyyy meeeee - -"
must stop biting my nails  i think that's why i keep getting sick  annoyed 
90 minute gleeeeee! so excited!
 sad 
i get to go home for my birthday! yaaaaaaaay!
thanks for all the birthday wishes  smile 
so glad to officially be done with that awful french class
my laptop charger broke   fml
