dfa5e2113f4c9ae0c33fed1ca8ed68f7
don't forget seeing tonight's blue <propfemale>!!! happy 2010    10 more years and it will become the roaring 20s (part 2)   
should have my eyes closed for the dreams i am having while awake   
"oh boy, just tried some fish eggs  they are like pomegranites    fun "
"hey everyone! i hope to see all your shining faces at damaged(bar) in palos hills on saturday august 1st!!! papa jupiter(my <propfirst>'s band) will be putting on a show! so if your in town - stop on by! ticket's are only $5 00     drinks are cheap, times will b"
big thanks for everybody on reminding me that i am getting older!!! really sweet of all of you!
"come on bears!!!! see ya'll at reggies, 8 smile 0 tonight, for papa jupiter!"
does anyone have the movie dangerous minds? i would love to borrow it for a report in school  let me know! thanks!
always <propfemale>    can't wait!
"i thought the weather god said warmer weather for today? i don't remember a halloween where it wasn't freezing, snowing or raining    but the sun is out and the moons almost full    and i'm finally dressed up with somewhere to go! see ya'll at <propfirst> mcgees-101st n harlem - 9pm!!!"
well i think i found a bug in my soup  it could be a kinda mushroom with a black shell and what appears to be legs but the ingredients don't list any mushrooms 
"i am trying to fool myself tonight  i eat the little chocolates bit by bit, telling myself i'll soon get full and stop, when in reality i know all too well that this box of deliciousness from christmas is as good as gone    and this is what happens when i give myself the 'night off' "
happy b-day to me    thank you everyone for making me smile! you're the best!
this is a spectacular first day of autumn!
anything fun going on tomorrow night? i am suffering from houseatosious!
i just joined stickam com! come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com bellar
is taking way too many quizes  smile 
i need to get out of the house tonight   
"taking a break from watching get him to the greek or whatever that movie is called    i am choking on my own laughter, it's pretty special "
"wish i had a picture of myself in costume from halloween    off that ball but i did have a lot of fun    get to do it all again w  papa jupiter, panther style, <propfirst> in space @ reggies! two weeks from tomorrow on friday night, dec  17th! can't wait!"
just got home from my first day at the office! i think i'm in love with my new job!
"well    nobody is online tonight; must be at the papa jupiter, panther style, <propfirst> in space @ reggies! show!!! see ya there "
"dear lastnight, thank you for the headache! i earned it!"
"to bed at 2    up at 6 smile 0 for work at 8     darn, the credit union doesn't even open untill 9!!! duh  tried to get <propfirst> up to <propfemale> with me, but he's isn't having any of that  smile "
