7eb5eaf7bbafe9b5606eec928ac5d93c
"first-time canning = garlic scapes! after magic-land of birthdays  going to stonewall youth drag show tonight, any takers? also, beautiful piano, clarinet and cello tomorrow night  ahem, any takers?"
"benefit today for use your words press!!! 4-10 pm northern  i'll be reading love poems and something from jesus christ super zine issue 2, more words from  <propfirst> wolf, <propfirst> amberson, <propfemale> fo laugh ye, music by bloodbones, <propfemale> lankutis! bake sale! little m"
is about to wash the cat  rip <propmale> fleas 
"questions: 1  where is the best swimming spot in snohomish county? i'd like to go tomorrow and have forgotten all the hot spots  actually, this question could be answered for all locations! 2  who has a purple vw and shouted \hey ariel!\"" in seattle yester"""
"\they quake at our quaking and we quake back at them\"" - about potential biting deer potentially in our path last night"""
is being a very good girl 
"filled with wonder, hoping for grace, betting on awe"
so this is what the doghouse looks like    no <propfemale> <propfemale> pillow??
"going to the helsing junction farm sleepover! earwigs out of tent and sleeping bag, but i still can't find my headlamp  anybody got an extra they want to barter for?"
"needs to diversify her scene beyond powerful, emotionally aware women between the ages of 21 and 60;"
"lemon verbena tea makes me pliable, soft and long bellied  this rain is romance like i've never seen  how bout this good ol' pisces <propfemale>!"
"whisked away on a coastal adventure, i be rockin the square dancing wedding don'tcha know  be back when the vortex is over, i know you know what i mean and i mean the cosmos is wacky, ttyl f bookerz, love and lots of tea, xo <propfirst> "
"home sick from work, wants to watch the <propfemale> bride"
"open heart, calm nerves, open heart, calm nerves   "
"medgefest i'm playing tonight at the bath house! wedge, medge, <propfemale>, <propfirst>! in seattle   10515 linden st seattle! starts 7pm-8pm"
"thank you medgefest, thank you bath house, thank you jamy's birthday party, thank you all sweethearts for delivering moments of calm sweet wild! (thank you <propfemale>'s house of pancakes) (thank you puyallup fair) (thank you gorgeous eyeballs to stare into)"
"go go gadget legs! out of bed, into world!"
back on track applejack flapjack chimneystack haystack where it's at: guess what it's october and feels f i n e to dine
"um   home sweet home? very cold, squirrels in walls, chimney sweep needed! time to prepare for winter! feels like time to get my crock pot on!"
"almond joy toast: 1 piece toast, teaspoon coconut oil, tablespoon almond butter  eat a square of dark chocolate concurrently  voila!"
is anyone going from portland olympia up to everett snohomish area on the wednesday before thanksgiving after 6 pm? i need a ride! i will give you a treat   !
"favorite thanksgiving recipes? i'm cooking the dinner for my family this year, what shouldn't i be without? really, give me the recipe !"
i am playing a show with <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> ghost tonight! in a few minutes at the garden of sweden 213 rogers in <propfemale> town! hurrah!
soft  sushi with sweet <propfirst>  glad we both have woodstoves otherwise i'd be missing mine  i kind of feel like it's a family member 
"siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick icky icky icky bed  day  crackers, maybe "
wants so badly to be cocktailing with <propfemale> and company at her bachelorette party and to not be a snot factory!!!! boo! i hope everyone had  is having a marvelous time!!!!! xo xo !!
feels much better 
totally totally vata
"um, where my girls at???!"
"well, my grandma <propfemale> shack dropped the body this morning- putting her tour of this planet at an impressive 90 years, beginning in 1919  she was a solid lady with a determined streak that wouldn't just wouldn't quit  it's peaceful knowing how determined she was to accept her next transition, she was 'ready to see (her) husband up in heaven ' so much love for my little grandma!"
has just learned that the best way to shop at the c surprise p is to get one of everything!!!
"blowing my nose on a vintage 1986 cloth diaper and looking at ny times house slideshows with my also sickly, fever puppy teacher man    after watching groundhog day! it's funner together"
"tax returns means: new everything shoes: what should i get? and a rain shell, and    a netflix account! hah!"
"whoa dudes and dudettes, i am still looking for a housemate! anybody know anybody who needs a little place to rest their heads?"
"magically took the creaks out of my box spring by dropping it on the floor and getting an easily removable sliver  you never know what will come out of this box of chocolates, now, do you>? also, wants midnight snack, but earlier "
leftover pad thai and <propmale> python's meaning of life!
moving away mania!!!! anybody have a room opening up june or july?
wow  anyone need a room in <propfemale>? i have three available   
does anyone want to be my superhero and lend me a vacuum at the end of this month? i'll clean it out after i use it   !
"stuck in sickland, ringing ears and not so pretty sick voice, can't sing  but having fun with almost three year olds, laughing with friends, approaching summer"
thanks everybody for the birthday well wishes!
"tomorrow is moving day! if you find yourself footloose and fancy free and in need of some exercise, physical or mental, come help me move my piano and clean and eat pizza  ! 425 350 5121"
"enjoy your barbeque-d whatnot all, cause next year i'm going going to wrestle you into going to canada or deep into the woods on this holiday! not because i don't like a hot dog  those booms make me jump like a little pup!"
jcsz issue 2 sent in for editing - all the text is done! now off to layout!
friendships are really important!!!!
my phone is busted! if you are trying to talky me or texty me i am sorry   use the internet until wednesday  smile 
is playing at midnight sun- \music for harp and two \,7eb5eaf7bbafe9b5606eec928ac5d93c,scholarship letters    letters of recommendation     it seems like college is a terrible idea if you don't enjoy writing!
there's a lot going on in that  y tu mama tambien movie   i kind of don't know what to do with myself after that  any suggestions?
