d1a461015ac0ffaa78b71b7e819729dc
wishes tht she could kiss the last person she kissed again when the ball drops and it becomes 2010
finally allowed to get on the computer after two months without it   and got my ipod too   yay!!  lol
bored to death need entertainment pronto! 
i miss pplz   where did u all goooo?
got my entertainment   yay!  lol
mad at <propfirst> d's for making my boy tired    he sounds dead   <propfirst> d's makes ppl sound dead!!!! omg everyone run!!!! lol
sad cuz my boy went to sleep and so now im bored
"ewww im on a list of willies stalkers    thts just gross dude, srry but it is"
i wish ppl didnt have to sleep
tired   can i go to sleep?
wishin that ppl would get on the computer
kinda mad   wanna go back in time    waaaay back in time
im like soooo happy that its ridiculous   lol
i want ppl to get on thier computers
watching a pirates of the carribean marathon   kinda boring   but still funny too
happy and sad at the same time   idk how to e playful lain it
"amused , very very amused right now cuz i think i have found out y <propmale> is bein a grumpy grouch all of a sudden   it is my fault, but in truth it is his own laziness' fault   "
happyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappy happyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappyhappy   idk   feel hyper   
very happy   i think tht pigs r flying right now too
im sooo bored man    need entertainment   
im huuuuuungry   want some italian food right now   lol   
my tummy hurts    sad 
happy tht i have a veeeeeery understanding boyfriend   
"and kinda bothered by it at the same time dude, cuz its kinda like a different type of clingyness   y'know?"
but i still am happy about it tho   
"i hate my freakin computer, its bein all stupid   grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr"
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!"
"im hungry, imma go eat now   cuz i can   lmao, my screen is going up and down on its own, its funny but creepy    "
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!     v and v r gonna drive me insane man!!!!!!!!!! lol, its true   they will   "
i need to calm down    alot   lmao   
spazzing at the moment    i hate spazzing    
one of my boys feels sick   i feel sad for him   
i want it to be tuesday   so i can see ppl   
some ppl r reaaaaaally stupid
"i hate tht ppl hate the way lil <propmale> is singin now, i think tht if ur a tru fan tht u would understand the change and go with it   i also think tht prom <propfemale> is a great song, other ppl dont cuz hes actually not singin about screwing some girl!!!!   sheesh ppl, u all drive me insane, for real, for real   "
"annoyed wit someone for bein mean to someone just for tellin her the truth and for tellin her wat she deserves to hear  simply, what goes around comes back around "
"anyway on the bright side i got a laptop from my mommy fer christmas, and i was able to <propfemale> out wit <propfemale> and <propfemale> yesterday too  yay  lol "
"ppl r ridiculous, i swear they r   "
is currently loosing the rest of her sanity
"i want your love and i want your revenge, i want your love and i dont wanna be friends  i want your love and i want your revenge, you and me could write a bad romance  caught in a bad romance "
is currently wishing that time could go alot faster   
keeps wishing more and more that time could go faster   
"is going crazy because of itailans, and is still wishing that time could go much, much faster  but it's not going any faster, and it's driving me crazy  but i have ppl who love me, so i guess it's okay   lol"
"is having a mind overload and doesnt kno wether to laugh, cry, smile, or be mad "
"has bria <propmale>'s pants at this moment in time, noone had better ask me y   "
is going to have the nicest boyfriend anyone would ever wanna have by the end of this year 
"is mad at herself for still thinkin about other ppl tht she has promised someone else she'd stop thinkin things about, but it isnt really workin too well but she is tryin though and i guess tht is all we can all ask for from her  i love how i just talked as if i wasnt me   in third person instead of first person   lol"
finally got a pic up on here   i am a christmas gift   lol
"if i give my heart to you, i must be sure from the very start, that you would love me more than her "
"grrr, my laptop can be sooo annoying at times, like whenever <propmale> tries to talk to me on here my computer messes up and i have to log off of my facebook, cuz it gets all screwey    it only happens when he talks to me, not when im talkin to anyone else   i have quite simply come to the conclusion tht my computer hates it when i talk to <propmale>   lol"
"had fun at marys party today, cept someone *cough, cough <propmale>* was gettin on everyones nerves(cept me tho) and he kept messin wit me and elena   and we were comparin <propmale> to <propmale> on <propmale> and teds bogus journey   lol, he was laughin at himself   silly, stupid <propmale>  anyways, umm all in all it was a very good night "
had an   interesting time   at elenas party last night 
"gosh, i just love it when ppl who r using someone, r also bein fooled by tht someone tht they r using  it makes me giggle "
wishin ppl were online for me to talk to    sad 
~~~happy new year!!!!!~~~
gah! i hate freakin' physics!!!!!!!!
"i just love it when someone tells u there gettin off facebook, or going to sleep, and then like a half hour later   theyre still on here "
"what's on my mind you ask? well, people are treatin corwin like crap, when he doesn't deserve that kinda stuff, <propmale> keeps getting hurt, and thus confused, and is dumb enough to keep believing lies, and <propfirst> keeps telling me things, then ignoring me pretty much during school, and people keep thinking that i'm lying when i'm not, and everyone else is just there to bear witness "
"candy,candy,candy,candy,willie,willie,willie,willie,vampires,vampires,vampires,vampires,shirtless <propmale> townsend,shirtless <propmale> townsend,shirtless <propmale> townsend,shirtless <propmale> townsend, repeat  note how it just gradually gets worse, and worse as it goes "
"just to let all u wonderfully odd ppl kno, i kno tht my <propfemale> has been sayin tht im in a relationship, although i wasnt, but technically speaking  i am   kinda sorta   if tht makes any sense at all "
luv school during final time 
wishes tht she could go bak to thursday and asked someone about something instead of thinking it could happen friday and then be too worried for it to happen   grrrrr!!!!!
a true friend stabs u in the front
"likes the video for 'rude boy' from rihanna, and 'your love is my drug' from ke$ha   but they are really odd though    also <propmale> carrey has an amazing singing voice  anyone interested in the <propmale> carrey thing and happens to like the 60's, then go to youtube and type in '<propmale> carrey i am the walrus' or '<propmale> carrey sombody to love' its <propfemale> epicly funny "
i startin to think im nocturnal or somethin   i have been up for almost 19 hours now   
"<propfemale> i luv how ppl i dont really kno tht well said happy bday to me, but my really good friends didnt "
wishes she had a teleportation machine   two reasons for right now   will decide later on wether or not to put those reasons on here or not   
reason # 1 ) <propmale>  tht's all im sayin so he dont yell at me   lol  # 2 ) i dont wanna sit on tht stupid plane 2morrow for 4 hours   ughhhh
"scratch what i said earlier about there being 2 reasons for y i wish i had a time machine, cuz i got over the whole airplane thing, cuz <propmale> keeps teasing taunting me  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
dont u just hate it when ppl for god knows what reason just ignore u?
just woke up   it's eleven in <propfemale> park   buut in vegas it's eight 
"if ur tired of fakeness, plz like this "
why is it tht ppl always seem to lie to me just out of boredom?
y is it when ur kindly asking a question ppl just have to cuss u out?
"my baby <propfirst> is tryin to block the computer, and    now he's on my lap meowing at me   hes sooo cute  love "
"isnt wierd when ppl who r datin, and r both on facebook, say there single?"
"cant wait for 2morrow, getting some italian    gelato   just to let u all kno, my next post is going to be in a diff code language  lol"
"so tiiiired, had long, blabbing day wit my hoe hoe, the sooner i go to sleep, the sooner i will talk to him again    smile  now i will use my code    7154 85 919 1915 411314 2051316209147!!!"
"so i really had <propfirst> pattinson as a friend on here a while ago, i even got to like chat wit him   now his profile is litterally gone  which is quite upsetting, cuz he was <propfemale> nice to me   sad ("
"has gotten a drastic new hair style, no one had better kill me, cuz i really like it!!!!   also, for anyone tht plays resident evil 4, umm doesnt this hairdo kinda sorta look like the hairdo tht <propfemale> wong has   aka the b$%ch in the red dress? cuz i think it does   lol"
"is very surprised at how many ppl kno a certain manwhore, and also <propfemale> out wit him   y r ppl sooo stupid  i mean he is unhealthy to be with, and can cause u to do things   most or even all of which you will regret  everything anyone hears about him is 100% true, gross   but true "
"i just stared at a dizziy thingy, and it had no effect on me"
hates it when u have to wait for awesomenes!!!!! (only <propmale> will kno wat i mean exactly )
"okay, showers just r awesomely awesome now , forget luvin' em, they r simply awesome!    (just ignore me and my random babble, u dont wanna kno )"
gah! im so tired of ppl's bs
i hate it when ppl r all crabby and stuff 
is very much considering becoming antisocial 
is too attached to ppl
   
uuuuggggghhhhh   sooo freakin peeved at stupid ppl 
futterwacken is awesome!!!!!!!!!!
"i play too many games on facebook   i randomly said to my mom, ' i gotta feed my fish!!!' and she just looked at me like wth?   "
"absolutely hate it when ur in a super good mood, then ur ex 'boyfriend' calls u, asking if its a different chick   and ontop of tht hearing a certain manwhore's voice in the backround   uggghhh    so annoying, i knew i shouldnt have answered the phone "
"is in a pretty good mood   got to talk to her hoe, play cool games   laugh at really funny jokes   and got to hold my baby alot today  * ppl plz dont think i mean a real baby, i mean a cat, his name is norman   lol  smile "
"is alive!!!   but prob  the only ppl tht i can name off the top of my head who would prob  care r <propfemale>, and corwin "
booooooooorrrrrrreeeeeeeddddd   but i think im gonna go annoy a monkey 
moo chickenfish mud idk hiiiii ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh hehe lol< the random bablings of me
 love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
new sorority life brownie points helper right here http annoyed  bit ly adlrpr no need to thank  smile 
"im sooooooo exited!, but i dunno y i am   lol"
pus pus  love  pus pus  love  pus pus  love 
me and my twisty-turny tongue   lolz    smile 
"rule #1: trust is everything! no matter what the situation your dealing with is, friends should always tell each other when something is wrong, or is upsetting them "
"i just hate it when ppl tell u they wanna <propfemale> out, but then they never talk to you again   happens all the time   i kno tht most of the ppl on here tht will see this, hate me "
"quit  im sick and tired of dealing with mr  grumpy grouch who cant control himself in any way, shape, or form "
"actually, i think im going to delete ppl from my friend list tonight "
"i just deleted alot of ppl, and i think i wanna delete another person in particular   "
   
 sad 
check out my new pictures of my hair!!!!!
"this morning i looked at what i thought was possibly a great big bright green box, then i stood there wondering for a few moments what it actually was, and then the sunlight went away from it, and i realized it was a trash can  mlia "
"i wanna be a billionare <propfemale> friggin' bad, buy all the things i never had  i wanna be on the cover of forbes magazine, smilin' next to oprah, and the <propfemale>  oh everytime i close my eyes, i see my name in shining lights, a different city every night oh i swear, the world better prepare, for when im a billionare  ~~ travie mccoy feat  <propmale> mars - billionare "
"i hate it when ppl i dont even kno try to send me friend requests    actually, it's really wierd too   maybe creepy  lolz   but im havin a funny convo wit sammii, and prob  goin to the mall wit <propfemale> on sat  so its all good   smile )"
"i dont really know how to fell right now   i just really got a threat sent to me, for simply talking to a friend of mine  but, aside from tht im still happy, cuz i am still happily going to the mall with <propfemale> on sat  yay!"
"i dont even care a single bit scared by the threat now   just cuz   lol  smile  so, nice try hun  but it didnt work  then ontop of tht, i got to <propfemale> with corwin yesterday! he showed me some odd music, and now im listenin to it   unwillingly   annd i am still giong to <propfemale> wit <propfemale> at the mall and invade hottopic "
is now planning to make a song of songs   smile 
"hello daddy, hello mom, im ur ch-ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb! ~ the runaways "
"i hate when ppl im supposed 2 be friends wit lie, and say they have to go  then there still on like 20 minutes later "
"just deleted <propmale> from her profile   it was very hard to do   but, it was for the best "
"who knows me best? full name  age  birthday  eye-color      bestfriend  nickname  copy this to your status & see who really knows you   mom, u cant answer this, cuz i kno u kno this stuff "
"is regretting her decision on deleting him   and is therefore upset   but trying very hard to not be, due to the busy day she is going to have tomorrow with <propfemale>, then <propfirst>  but the more i try to do tht, the more i feel like im gonna go in a corner and cry    not good  not good at all  i didnt know he had tht deep of ties with me "
"just really spent the whole freakin' day wit mary   then for like almost 2 hours, some awesome dude named <propfirst> was wit us, it was hilarious   smile )"
"i dont quite know how i should feel about the new old navy commercial on tv   it had manicans talking about their booties in jeans, and a fortune teller manican, saying to another manican how her but was like smiling cheeks  0___o oh my  then to top it off, at the end, some other manican bangs a gong-thingy  lol "
"whats on my mind? i think of so many things tht i honestly have no clue wat to say   lol, and my ipod is really playing dirty mind right now   great, buut it happennnzzz  smile )"
"i just re-discovered panic! at the disco  its still an amazing band  buuut, i still absolutely love lil <propmale>, eminem, and <propfemale> minaj  <propfemale>'s my new fav tho  she's just awesome "
"oh, well imagine, as im pacing the pews in a church corridor and i cant i cant help but 2 hear no i cant help but 2 hear an exchanging of words \wat a beautiful wedding\"" wat a beautiful wedding says a bridesmaid 2 a waiter \""oh yes but wat a shame wat a shame the poor brides' groom is a whore\""  note: i changed it from the bride 2 the groom  can any1 figure out y i did this? if u do i will make u some good cookies """
"too bad the weather cant stay like it was yesterday everyday, it was just <propfemale> enough "
"is gettin the rest of her clothes back from her mom soon, and is happy about it  cuz she will have her joker pj pants back finally yay   smile )"
anyone have a song tht they love in particular? lol
so i got my boots on got the right amount of leather and im doing me up wit a black color liner and im workin my strut but i kno tht it dont matter all we need in this world is some love   love  <propfirst> lambert
oh my   my dad really wants to buy an alpaca   lol
"its goin down down <propfemale>, pushin a pink ferrari i breeze thro africa just to see the safari!"
"im gettin more and more exited to shock all the ppl at my school wit my new hair, since its sooo short "
"gah!! y do i have to dream when im asleep? y??? i quit talkin to him for a reason, so therefore i shouldnt dream about him  honestly, my brain is evil   0 o"
"wishes tht she could rewind time, and keep things she used to have   and also wishes she could find a guy who actually likes her the way she likes him   sad "
boredboredboredboredsadboredehhboredbored
feels like noone ever wants to hang-out or talk to her   sad 
"i just tagged like a ton of ppl on my friend list, so u all need to read the note u all got tagged on   cuz its a good note thing "
uggghh 
i hate when ppl u have a history tht goes deep say tht they dont kno u 
wants to jump off a <propmale> 
"double rainbow all the way across the sky, yeah, yeah, yeah, so intense! - twiyt"
y does facebook always ask wats on my mind? it needs to mind its own bussiness   laugh 
*sigh* y do i always do stupid things? y? now i feel like crap 
"uggggghhhhh, i have <propfemale> many answers to see on tht \21 questions\"" application  i have like freakin 82 of them \",d1a461015ac0ffaa78b71b7e819729dc,"doesnt kno how to feel bout life rite at this exact moment, i mean, there r so many diif things goin on rite kno tht it may very well drive me insane "
"is slowly moving somewhere in life, but is takin it slow cuz she dont wanna get 4 1 2 years of pointless in the end pain to deal wit again  but she hopes he will like her in the end this time   smile )"
i just love how ppl really just keep dissapearing from my friendlist   its quite upsetting 
"i am soooo happy rite now, tht i cant even like e playful lain it  hehehehehehe"
im like double happy now 
<propfemale> judkins is bien a poopy head 
<propfemale> judkins is being a total poopy head 
"corwin and i need to get our choices of ppl in life straightend out   noone ask wat i mean, im just sayin it cuz of some things tht he told me   and some things tht have been goin on wit me lately   smile "
i have the most epic pic now for my profile 
i miss my best buddie  *sad face*
i won the game!!!!!! and im alive!!! wohoooo!!!!
"i feel so <propfemale> <propfemale>ique cuz like everyone i kno who has long hair is getting it short   its makin me saaadddd    sad ( but the good thing is tht i cut mine before everybody else did  so i was first!!!!   which is cool, i guess "
help! the fat glob is in my lunch period   ahhh!!!
who on here haz lunch seventh period? plz tell me so i have ppl to look forwars to seeing 
i miss him so much    sad 
truth be told i miss u   and truth be told im lying!
"i hate it when ppl talk to u for a few days, until they get wat they want from u, then just ignore u all together after tht for like several months, then do the same thing again    i hate it even more when im the idiot who lets these stupid ppl do it  but oh well   it happennzz, i suppose "
which alignment are you? -- my result: true neutral  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 138221 referrals status?aid=100000482680471
can everyone plz send me gold roubles on vampire wars
"so its most definatly raining rite now   and its raining hard, and fast, and yes tht is wat she said   laugh   also, <propfemale> has apparnetly dyed her hair and it mishapped  so now its green  what a life i have "
"i have to get up at five in the morning 2morrow   wow, schools here already "
someone wont answer me  evil person   playful 
"interesting start to the year i must say    and idk how well this will all pan out, and i have like four classes wit vince   and homeroom is just filled wit such definatly wonderful ppl again, cuz u just <propfemale> kno tht me and corwin loovvee bein in tht room wit a butload of jerks  buut the good side is tht i like love all of my classes "
"interesting day   my math teacher totally attacked me   then vince   was being vince   hehe   and so ya  like i said, interesting day, deff  cant wait for 2morrow  haha, gonna be fuuun    smile )"
can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  i will answer you no matterwhat  you will have my complete honesty and the question will be only between you and me  post this as your status and see what people ask you
is finally going to <propfemale> wit corwin! wo-hoo!!!!
"well   idk wat to say rite now   had a poosible attempt at poisoning happen to me from pizza   and someone is being evil, and tempting as always  smile  and intersting things like tht   isnt being a senior great so far?"
tomorrow should be interestin   maybe   idk yet 
"so im deff  being ignored rite now, and im deff  getting p-o'd about it  i suppose its better than drama from friends tho, rite?"
alot on her mind right now   and has lots to consider wit ppl   and other things 
*sigh*   its so sad when your mad   cause i cant really talk to you   unless i have enough time to calm you down   ugh   but im getting better at it   so thats always a good thing   right?
"jerk  seriously    *sigh* nevermind    i shouldnt sy tht, cuz i  understand   its just sometimes i forget   "
"i need more souls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for vampire wars, like six more!!!"
9|23114141|7914225|2291435|1315185|8514|!!!!!!!|
"   interseting day   especially during 8th pd  haha   ummm, <propfemale> let me wear her hat, <propmale> like invaded me at lunch(when doesnt he tho) and then   umm   obliviousness in 8th   it was interestin tho   hehehehehehe   veerrryyy interestin "
moooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
"noone saw anything today   smile  although we were veerrryyy close to eachother   haha, idk how to feel about this   i guess u were right   cuz noone noticed a thing "
same as monday happened on tuesday   and then he sat in marys seat   then it happened again today   just   not for the whollleee class pd   on and off tho   and noone still noticed a thing   cept he told me tht this kid <propmale> noticed   so he obiously knows bout it all   but ehh   at least he dont care   smile 
" sad  im startin to think noone likes meeee cuz i gt the feeling at school around ppl im supposedly friends wit, and cu noone ever comments on my post things   but u all comment on other ppls posts   im being treated very unfairly here by u all  (excludes my mom, cuz she always comments on posts   i mean friends  )  sad "
"epic quote: 'i still have your underwear   ' 'well   i still have your virginity ' '   would you shut up?' haha   one of <propfemale> fav quotes from juno   love  so, so true "
hehe  love 
all i ask is why?
just gonna stand there and watch me burn   but that's alright because i like the way it hurts  <   3
moo   love  i think im startin' to grow some serious feeling's for him   and i'm liking it 
"my hoodie sleeve, and my hand smelled amazingly good   until now  cuz the scent is fading away  so sad  dont ya just love how ppl think theyre tough, when they aint?   cuz i freaking love it  ppl think im everybodies fool   but in the long run, they are the true fools  cuz theyre fooling themselves into believing fake notions  haha  heard yucky news today   but due to more   fun   events, i could really care less "
well   hoodie still smells amazing!  smile  i got a bonus too! it starts with a 'b'   lol   trust the <propfirst> touch!
my new profile pic is bomb! haha   now i even have a big mouth on facebook   smile  and the sky looks yellow orange   or maybe im just imagining it   
i might wear a dress tomorrow   dont know if i feel like wearing heels tho    sad 
"*sigh* being switzerland is hard to do   especially when someone who is supposed to be ur friend is tellin ppl your mad at em, when you deff aint, and theyre dumb enough to believe it "
ppl r wierdos mannn  buut   it haps   i suppose
im gonna just qiut sayin anythin on here  cuz im gettin yelled at and stuff for no reason  (and this is not directed at anyone!!!! fyi )
someone was in a good mood finally today!  laugh  which made me feel a heck of a lot better   and had a good time in one of my classes   hehe   
"i throw my sandwich in the air sometimes, sayin' ayo! i ordered mayo! i want my lettuce and my mayo up in my sandwich, lika a manwich! cuz we gonna rock this sub, we gonna go all night, we gonna eat it up, like its subway right!\\pure genious, my friends "
"hmm   would anyone care at all in any way, shape or form if i deleted my facebook? if u would, plz respond, the more ppl tht do respond the better i will feel "
well   obv  noone cares wether i delete this or not   so its pointless to even type this on here   but i have no life so ill do it anyway i guess   since noones answerin me either   i cant complain all like tht tho cuz of the fact tht someones tht is prob asleep rite now is riskin gettin killed by someone else for me  smile  which i smile about all the time 
soo   some shizz is deff  goin down right as i type this at the homecomin dance prob between two girls   and so im very glad i am not attendin tht mess of drama   im scared for when prom gets here man   dear lord save us all   
"actually   maybe it might actually not have had been bad   or at least im hopin not, cuz ill have to deal wit hearin bout it on monday from ppl   lol   cant wait for the all night one tho man   omg it will be like amazing   hehe "
"ok   well watever   think watever u want   also, i feel bad for   a certain hobo   cuz i just realised how much of a taunt i am   and how evil i am   hahahahahahahahahaha"
"insanity laughs under pressure we're cracking\can't we give ourselves one more chance\why can't we give love that one more chance\why can't we give love give love give love give love\'cause love's such an old fashioned word\and love dares you to care for\the people on the edge of the night\and love dares you to change our way of\caring about ourselves\this is our last dance\this is ourselves\under pressure"
"oh  my  god  i just watched <propfirst> <propmale> dressed in a leotard, dancin to single ladies   i think i have died a little from it "
i want a new profile pic   but i dunno wat to have for it   can someone help me?
dear first person to like this; i get your last name for a week; sweet right ?!post this as your status and see who's last name you
y'kno i really love it when you ignore me   cause i love feeling like a nothing  so    thanks 
"bored as <propfemale> rite now   waitin for wendsday to get here, cuz its artclub day  yay   hehe   and yea  so ive been a complete unfacebook person for like a week   and rite now im on <propfemale> phone, so i kinda still am bein a hermit   but it haps   i gotta change my last name back to my name eventually   when i feel like gettin on <propfemale> computa  peace out!!!!   lol"
i haz fixed <propfemale> last name!!
"loving my guy rite now  happy as h e double hockey sticks   haha, and corwin approves, just gotta let <propfemale> dad and <propfemale> and my mom kno bout him "
soo   hows everybody doin tht dont <propfemale> answer my comments on here?
"yes, i just took a picure on my computer from my phone  but it was cuz i wanted tht to be my profile pic  hahahahahahaha, so i was lame, and idrc "
"gah!! more ppl tht r in ms sims class need to like the <propfemale> i made for her, cuz only me and <propfemale> and <propfemale> r fans of the <propfemale>  ughhhhhh "
i miss all the ppl i talked to last year   they hate me this year 
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah  nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah!
i'm not angry   i just want a taco  <-- tht was on a poster board  it was epic man   haha 
bghfgdsjhdfsfgjkfjchdjkzhbnvgjkadzfgbchsdbvfhdjksjfc
fredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfredfred
"you know what? i sent a txt to all my friends on my phone, sayin happy thanksgivin, and only corwin, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst> said it back   what the heck?! it was kinda rude "
 crying 
i    miss    my    boyfriend!!!!
"if anybody likes this status, i will post something nice about u using the letters in your first name   smile )"
"i cannot wait until tomorrow man! im gonna go find the teachers i missed, and hug them!   cause i really did miss some of em, and cause i really dont have anything better to do   unless i wanna see a bunch of ppl tht i just dont wanna see  ^^ cept a few tht i have classes with, or see in the hall like <propfemale>, or corwin, or rhiannon   thts really it "
toy story 3 was gonna make me cry if i finished watchin it   sad 
*sigh* y do i gotta be all sad and stuff for reasons i think r reasons?
"soo   vince is a hoe, corwin is blackanese, im app a slave maid, my parents stepparents r all insane, <propfemale> is a lie eating nachos i peed on, vinnies a elf, colins a giant, amandas a hobo, rhiannons funsized, <propfirst> trips ova magic unicorns, <propfemale> loves <propfemale> and gaga, and im just me  haha "
   so im lost in all things i guess 
"<propfirst> judkins is supposedly in a relationship, but isnt sure how truthful this fact is  perhaps it is a myth  or maybe it was only just a dream "
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i hope you all have an amazing holiday 
"i hate it when ppl r gettin used, and then i do the rite thing bout it, and then i get hated by a ton of ppl "
ugh   
goodnight crazy facebook!
"ok   im confused and need help as well as <propmale> does   ugh, wat is the world coming to?????? (jk, jk)"
why do people have to be so friggin' stupid?!?!
"i love it when ppl who think there big shots try to call u a he she, and and stuff like that  it makes me laugh  hahahahahahahahahahahahaha your sooo cool <propfemale>! haha  hilarious! you and your friends comments about me and my post made my morning   smile "
my eyes burn 
nothin better then pink <propmale> to clam you down several notches   *sigh*
nothin better then pink <propmale> to calm you down several notches   *sigh*
<propfirst> is worried   ugh   sometimes i hate how much i care about ppl 
"im feeling a wierd sort of happy   like, i dunno    the best way to describe it is that im happy, in a sad way i guess   ykno?"
pinapple
wow! i have never thought that it is possible to see who is viewing you! i just saw my top profile peekers and i am shocked to find out who is actually viewing me! you can also see who was your viewer here: bit ly dqfsa7
"well lets go back to the middle of a day tht starts it off, i cant begin to let u kno just what im feelin   and now the red ones help me fly, and the blue ones help me fall, and i think ill blow my brains against the ceiling  and as the fragments of my skull begin to fall, fall on ur tongue like pixiedust, just think happy thoughts\\headfirst for halos by mcr"
"okay, so i was readin ferard stories, as always, and there was this story tht i saw, it ended up bein waycest, and by the time i found out, i was halfway into it   so i kept readin, it was gross man "
