807ba8b0c70db94c0a1299a0761ee962
is enjoying a great time with her dad eating her favorite   spaghetti!!  smile 
horray for cleaning!!!  laugh 
"\my heart is stirred by a <propmale> theme as i recite my verses for the <propmale>!  my tounge is the pen of a ready writer\"" """
should really stop comparing herself to everyone else   it's foolish    annoyed 
is thinking about cutting her hair     hmm
   my ankles hurt 
"is falling more and more in love with the lord, and is chuckled by the fact that she can pop her toes without the necessity of her hands    smile   good day!  playful "
is ready for the praise habit!   smile   my heart is just bursting with anticipation to praise your name!  i will worship you with all that i am when i rise and when i fall   i am <propfirst> and you are god   i am yours and you are mine!!   laugh 
"has been having some really weird dreams recently, more so than normal   "
"found out she has to take texas history but really doesn't want to     but she will press on, overcome, and learn all about texas!!!!     next semester    playful   hehee "
he is jealous for me     love's like a hurricane    i am a tree    bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy     smile 
"if i could, then i would, i'd go wherever you will go, way up high, or down low    i'll go wherever you will go    smile "
"oh my god, shine your light on us   that we might live    smile "
"why are you down in the dumps, dear soul?        why are you singing the blues?     fix your eyes on god!     and soon i'll be praising again      he puts a smile on my face          just because he's my god   smile "
had a beautiful day today!  lots of work    but lots of fun doing it   smile   horray for imaginations and music!
is walkin on sunshine      smile 
5 days till disneyworld!!!!!!!  laugh 
wants to play some halo 3    
"i don't see what anyone can in anyone else, but you    smile "
is very hungry 
"is chillin out in <propfirst>!   smile  gonna do some shopping with my brother and cousin <propfirst>, then hanging out with <propmale>!   smile   good day "
meh    annoyed 
bring me to life 
no matter where i am or where i go     you are with me    i love you for holding my hand even when i feel like letting go   you're my favorite 
feels pretty today    smile 
busy day tomorrow     not looking forward to it    you can do it <propfirst>! you can do it!
breathe in    breathe out     so no matter how discouraged or stressed i am    i should always be grateful that i can breathe in and breathe out    smile 
"it just takes some time, little girl you're in the middle of the ride   everything, everything will be just fine   everything everything will be all right!   smile "
"give me your eyes for just one second, give me your eyes so i can see everything that i keep missing,  give me your love for humanity   give me your arms for the brokenhearted    the ones that are far beyond my reach  give me your heart for the ones forgotten, give me your eyes so i can seeee!!   laugh   lord give me your eyes!!"
right now i'm sitting in my room realizing that i've been chained to all the lies i've been told    right now i'm realizing that i need to be set free    and right now i'm realizing that i'm going to be rescued    smile   he came to set the captives free      come on god    do your thing!
enjoying a nice evening with her best friend    smile   ily lynnie 
is dreaming with her eyes open    smile 
is waiting for her chocolate pudding to defrost     she left it in the freezer too long   hehee    playful   but it's totally worth the wait  yumm
woot woot    edumacation tomorrow!
has to finish her math homework    and then go to work   horray for math! horray for cleaning! horray for tomorrow being friday! horray! haha 
how did we get here??  i used to know you <propfemale> well    annoyed 
has a <propfemale> room now!!!!  fabtastic day!!!  laugh 
"some people say \ you don't know what you've got 'till it's gone\""  but i say \"" you don't know what you've got 'till you have to move it!\""   playful """
i will sing of your mercy that lead me to valleys of sorrow to rivers of joy    smile 
just got her xbox!!!  now she just needs to connect to the internet    and the new halo    smile   good last day of being a teenager!  smile 
is now 20 years old!!! yay me!   laugh 
"had an amazing birthday!  thanks to everyone who gave me their love, good wishes, and happy faces!  i love you!   laugh   now she has to get ready for bed because she has class in the morning   horray for responsibility!!   laugh "
*sleepy face*  it's gonna be a busy day today     ugh     where's the food??
yay!  breakfast!  let's get this adventure started!
"is listening to jj heller, finishing up her very much procrastinated homework, and eating instant pudding!  all you do is add milk!  haha    playful   oh and she got new shoes too!  all this makes for a great day!   smile   how is your labor day going?"
found her shoe    although no handsome <propmale> found it for me     no worries    one day he'll come    smile 
is gonna go out to eat with <propfemale> and lynnie!! this makes me happy!   smile 
"inside my heart is breaking    my make up may be flaking, but my smile still stays on   the show must go on      i have to find the will to <propfemale> on with the   on with the show!   smile "
as wink lkfja;sldkfja;slkdjf;alskdjf      grr 
*sigh*    just breathe    
the secret to loving is letting go   
don't stop believing!!!!   laugh 
is trying to find the treasure in the junk     all she has to do is see something sparkly    but until then    it's one big mess 
"yay! girl's game night!  tonight @ six oh clock in the summit cafe! and for a limited time only, we'll throw in some coffee!  standard fee's apply ($1), must be 18 years or older to call!   playful "
glee tonight!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
follows the beat to her own drum    smile 
rule #32:  enjoy the little things    smile 
well     it was nice while it lasted     moving on 
"is having one of those days    where her dreams are so close, but seem way to far away   where her heart ready but waiting    and where <propfemale> feels more like longsuffering than joy  *sigh* one day     "
"if i shoud die before i wake, it's cuz you took my breath away    smile "
"and i can see the light that is coming, for the heart that holds on, and there will be an end to these troubles but until that day comes, still i will praise you    smile "
high ho! high ho!  it's off to work we go     *whistles*   smile 
ugh!  if only there was an undo button for life!  stupid mistakes   you were a lesson i didn't want to learn 
"has got a lot of standing up to do for herself    and i guess she's been sitting for too long, but her heart can't take it    you can't have me anymore "
is finishing her paper      smile 
is thinking she needs to get insurance for her heart    since it breaks so often 
is watching mr  magorium's wonder emporium    smile   it's magic 
stupid geology homework!
is on a musical endeavor    smile 
i'm just tryin to be a better version of me for you    smile 
i'm hungry    i want some cookies!  yummm!
had a magical day!   laugh 
where the wild things are      i like it there    smile 
damn it 
lame!
"\well there's nothing to lose   and there's nothing to prove   i'll be dancing with myself\""    smile   i can do this """
doesn't want to write her paper    but she must     she must      boo!
"okay, so after listening to nsync for about ten ish minues    i've decided that they're not good at all    except for the occasional song   but for the most part    fail "
i'd rather pick flowers instead of fights    smile 
just keep swimming     just keep swimming!  ugh!  i'm so sick of swimming!
i wish there was a pill you could take or some cake you could eat that would make you do your homework     mmm cake sounds good!  so does popcorn! haha  smile 
fa la la la la    la la la la    smile 
goodnight dear void    smile 
"come on it's lovely weather, for a sleigh ride together    with you   :j"
chocolate chip cookies     to eat or not to eat    is that even a question?!  smile 
hip hip horray!  i got an a in my child development class and in my math class and a b in my geology and my world geography class!!!   laugh   wooo hoo!!
"i give you all of me, for all you are    here i am   take me apart    smile "
is hungry     *sigh*
<propfemale> murphey died!!  sad   this is a big bummer 
"someday, when i'm awfully low and the world is cold, i will feel a glow just thinking of you      smile "
woot!  party tonight with the friends!!!   smile 
happy new year!!   smile 
pictionary!!!   smile 
new year's lesson #1:  you can't just aviod everybody you screw up with    smile 
"i had an excellent first day of the year!   smile   <propmale> out with my awesome friends   smile   spent some time with my family, and played zombies!   smile  be jealous    playful "
"if i could capture the way i feel right now, i'd put it in a bottle and throw it in the ocean     cuz i never wanna feel this way again "
yay!  school starts today!   smile 
without me    you're just aweso   playful 
"is eating dinner with her mom, dad, and brother gabe    smile "
homework      this is something i should probably do       *sigh* 
don't lose heart 
okay homework   let's do this!   smile 
"what the french, toast??!!   smile "
feeks yuckers     sad   please pray for me   i'd really appreciate it 
yess!  i love it when i get homework done!!  thanks lynnie!  you're the best!  smile 
woo hoo!!!   smile 
    *sigh*  :-l   trust in the lord with all your heart and <propfemale> not on your own understanding   
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name,copy and paste this post as your status, then copy and paste the first entry under your name as the first comment      okay!"
woo hoo! i'm going to class!    ok maybe not that excited    playful 
happy happy birthday lynnie!!!!   laugh 
"oh, april 13    you just can't come fast enough!   smile "
stupid dreams! get out of my head!
would like some oreos please    smile   donations encouraged    playful 
"so last night i had a dream i was at disneyworld and had people coming after me that wanted to kill me, so i had to change my appearance at every disney store i went in to and had to run away without getting caught or else they would shoot at me with their snipers   it's probably because i've been watching disney movies and have been playing call of duty like crazy   hehee   smile "
teaching my last lesson today!   smile   it's gonna go out with a bang!  hehee
"i shouldn't be sad that my students are moving on, i should be happy that i prepared them for the way ahead    smile "
mother goose 
"i just haven't met you yet  i might have to wait, i'll never give up   i guess it's half timing, and the other half's luck  wherever you are, whenever it's right, you'll come out of nowhere and into my life!   smile "
*sigh*  all signs point to     fail
is gonna see those craaazy clashin titans tonight!!  horrays!
thundercats are go!!!   smile   halo!!!
<propfemale> easter everyone!   smile 
i love being a dork    smile 
to do list:  have a fabulous day     check!    smile 
"trust in the lord with every fiber of your being and abandon everything you know   he will make the impossible, possible    smile "
rum ice cream cone with strawberries!!!!   smile   mmmmmm
one  week till glee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
"if you want more love, why don't you say so?   smile "
horray for graduating this semester!   smile   then another journey begins and i get to start over hehee 
oh earth history please be over soon!   smile   then it's thor @ 4!  hehee
thinks commas are pretty    smile 
happy anniversary <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!!!   laugh 
life is a cookie 
bored     is anybody doing anything tonight or want to?   smile 
oreos really are milk's favorite cookie!   smile 
glee tomorrow!!!!!!  i'm so gleeful!   smile   hehee  playful 
not feeling school today        sad   especially when i already have all the notes needed       smile   haha
omg weirdest dream ever!!!
gleeeeeeeeee is tooonight!!!!!!!  aaaahhhhhhhh!
i loooove it when class is canceled!!!!  woo hoo!
i wish i could press pause on life sometimes but then again that might be boring   
you're a terrible singer   but i like this song    smile 
"goodbye ugly <propfemale>       trust me, i'll miss you    sad "
"think left and think right and think low and think high   oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!"
mmm cookies for breakfast     smile 
zombies   eat flesh     smile 
real men   love jesus    smile 
take a bow 
had an swesome weekend with her friends in san <propfirst>!   smile 
someday i'll wish upon a <propfemale> and wake up where the clouds are far behind me   where troubles melt like lemon drops! away above the chimney tops   that's where you'll find me   somewhere over the rainbow    smile 
"there's a flea, on the wing, on the fly, on the frog, on the bump,on the log, in the hole, in the bottom of the sea!!   laugh "
i hate group projects!
ooohhh school     so close yet so far     annoyed 
"thou wast not born for death, immortal bird!!"
serving god doesn't mean staying or being unhappy 
"sweet dreams till sunbeams find you, sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you, but in your dreams   whatever they be   dream a little dream of me    smile "
i think the letter l is pretty 
"love isn't always \me\"" first   so we can take turns!   smile """
happy earth day    read the lorax and be happy with earth    smile 
give your head permission to follow your heart 
"maybe this time, i'll be lucky   maybe this time i'll win    smile "
ugh i hate those days where you feel ugly   its such a waste of time!
was mistaken for a fifth grader again     
it takes two to make a thing go right       it takes two to make it outa sight      playful 
school is almost done!  i'm a week and a half away from my associates degree!   laugh 
they try to make me go to rehab    but i said no  no  no    smile 
music echoes the heart    smile 
slowly but surely thiis week is getting done!   smile   this makes me happy!   smile 
wants a vanilla cupcake with strawberry icing and sprinkles in the shape of a smile    smile   that's all 
i don't want to write the bazillion papers in my future       sad 
is dreaming    smile 
yuck!  breakfast was good until it got crunchy     sad 
is hanging out with the coolest 3 year old ever!    which of course is bellie!   smile 
yay!  everything is done and turned in!  now i just have to study and write 2 more papers and take two finals then i'm done!   smile 
how to train your dragon was wicked amazing!!!!  aahh  great ending to the day!   laugh 
"\you are a traveler at heart   there will be many journeys\""    smile   thanks fortune cookie!"""
the best of us can find happiness in misery    smile 
inhale   exhale   repeat    smile 
studying for my second to last final!  i take it @ 9:45!  wish me luck!   smile 
one more final till freedom tomorrow!   smile 
daydreaming when i'm supposed to be studying     how magical life gets whenever i have to take a test!
my last final!  wish me well!   laugh 
oooh <propfemale>!  a white chocolate big train to celebrate my <propmale> mar college completion!   laugh 
what's the point? we're just gonna do this silly little dance all over again 
grow up <propfirst>!
eyern mayn too!   smile 
the suspense is killing me!  teachers post the grades already!
paper heart    smile 
i still don't understand how or why <propfemale> said no to <propfemale> in little women!
"believe that dreams come true everyday, because they do    smile "
freakin <propmale>    give me my grades!
"yay!!! i got my grades!  education, earth history, and music= a and us history 2= b!!  wooo hooo!   smile   3 7 gpa for the semester!  i rock hehee"
you are a unique and deadly snowflake- halo
i love dessert before the meal!  its fabulous!  no wonder they try and stop that when you're kids!  its totally worth the wait though!   smile 
i need to get out of my imagination for a bit    whenever reality hits its such a let down   haha  smile 
hope isn't cutting it anymore   i need proof 
"can't sleep     \last <propmale> harvey\"" is keeping me company   and facebook too    smile """
i shall never grow up!  make believe is much too fun!   smile 
"if i could find you now things would get better, we could leave this town and run forever!"
whatever you do is what shall be   hahaha   smile 
bibbidy bobbity boo!
i'm not stalking you!      btw you need more chocolate milk    wink 
is brown    like <propfirst>   smile 
needs more once upon a time's and less the ends 
i was sound asleep   but in my dreams i was wide awake    smile 
i was mistaken for a fifth grader again   except this time it was by one of my fifth graders   hehee   smile 
go out for adventure   go home for love    smile 
goodbye halo reach    sad   until we meet again    smile 
ancient indian proverb:  when in doubt     ruuuuun!!!  - tiger <propfemale>    laugh 
"take the pleasure, skip the guilt    wink "
"<propmale> supposes his toses are roses, but <propmale> supposes erroneously   <propmale>    he knowses his toeses aren't roses, as <propmale> supposes his toeses to be!!"
food!!!!!!!!    laugh 
woot woot!  i'm officially an a&m student now!!   laugh 
god only knows what i'd be without you    smile 
is dreaming of dreams that have magical things and flying machines    smile 
hungry and nervous    needs food and courage 
is gonna watch sex in the city 2!!  i'm so excited!   laugh 
is in love with pancakes!!   laugh 
"could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now    smile "
i hope you dance     smile 
"\is anybody out there?  hello alone \""   smile """
what the eff!!  i hate storms!!!!
electricity!  eeeee lect tricity!  i just wanted to say i miss you   that's all   come back soon    smile 
"you may be down, but you're not out  laugh "
yay!!  our power is finally back on!!!!   laugh   woot woot!
is pretending that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars     smile 
is peanut butter and jealous    playful 
cheese and rice!  why are all my computers breaking?!   sad 
waking up was sooo hard this morning!  ugh 
doritos make my sandwich taste better 
thought it was great to see boomer @ jamba juice!   smile   he always makes my day brighter!
gleeeeeeeeeeee!!!!   laugh 
is remembering sunday
oh goodness   shrek forever after is magical!!   smile 
i hate waiting rooms    
asdfghjkl annoyed mnbvcxz
mmmm  i scream!  its a <propmale> road  wink 
all our dreams can come true     if we have the courage to pursue them     so keep moving forward     smile 
yay!  my degree came in!  its <propfemale> pretty!!   laugh 
trust in the lord with all of your heart      okay     we can do this   
"you have my heart, now we'll never be worlds apart    smile "
"stars fading, but i linger on dear    smile "
fun and mental = fundamental    smile 
seinfeld monopoly!!  woot woot!!   laugh 
is sooo excited to start working @ driscoll's childcare center!!  woohooo!   laugh 
*sigh*  i love that feeling after swimming at night    smile 
gah!  to be continued's are such a tease!!
i loove how wobbly toddlers are!   laugh 
*sigh*  <propfirst> sinatra and <propfirst> <propfirst> make me melt!!   smile 
aww going down memory <propfirst> makes me wish i had a time machine    smile   i've had great times!!   laugh 
when its darkest    men see stars 
hellooooo fathers!!  happy just for you day!!   laugh 
my first day of orientation was great!   smile   now i'm watching the wonder emporium!  good day 
don't you hate it when you're trying to let go of something and it follows you into your dreams?   annoyed 
feeling replaced is never a nice feeling      sad 
woo hooo!  first day of training!!   laugh  
i love working with infants and toddlers!  they're adoreable and so much fun!   laugh 
gonna see the killers with jaymalamalynnn!!   smile   work in the morning!  my job pretty much owns!   laugh  
tis the season to have foggy glasses    smile 
"come what may, we'll see this through "
"oh sleeping in, i've missed you  smile "
"i'm a real big fan of yours, but i'm quite the joke to you   -nsn   smile "
is playing risk!  i love being a nerd with my best friend!   smile 
donuts were in my dream so now i want some!   smile 
"i'm only gonna break break, break break your heart  whoah ohh oh"
things are looking up!!   laugh 
is going to free the birds and then watch the eclipse tonight!!  woot woot!!  smile 
catch phrase is a great way to wait for the eclipse to come!   smile 
eclipse was the awesome!!   laugh 
still raining     but i'm starting to like it now    smile 
"not gonna lie, as much as i don't like apple, the new iphone4 looks pretty kick face    smile "
you will never know love until you surrender to it   
i love the way waterburger smells    smile 
gah!  i disklike dizzyness very much!
thank you for being faithful   even when i am not    smile 
"i believe in <propfemale> tales, i believe that love can and will overcome all obsticles, and i believe that waiting will take you where you should be   smile "
"i have heard that winter's cold, will give way to summer's warmth    smile "
i get to see mrs  <propfirst> <propfemale> ogden tonight and eat dinner with her and lynnie and watch the eclipse again!!  horrays!
i always feel like a little kid whenever i tie my shoes   smile 
sometimes words can only be done with pictures     i like drawing them    smile 
i'm in love with my job    smile 
fairytales don't tell kids that dragons exist   children already know that dragons exist   fairy tales tell children that dragons can be killed    smile 
i want dr  seuss converse!!!
soooo toy story 3 pretty much owned     smile 
i don't like doing things that i don't want to do 
cheddar's is my new favorite place to eat!   smile 
i need to get a haircut     annoyed 
inception tonight with lynnie!!   laugh  thanks greggie!   laugh 
inception is the awesome!!!   laugh 
hanging out with four of the awesomest kids ever!   smile 
supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!
if only snooze could stop time     
i just made brownies all by myself!   smile   i'm a big kid now   hehee
i wanna hold'm like they do in texas please    smile 
"my favorite headband died today, this makes me very sad    sad "
"oooh <propmale> <propmale>, i love you!   laugh  "
weinerschnitzel!!!!!
the cake is a lie!
watching avatar    smile   well done nickelodeon    smile 
mmmmm!  mcalister's <propmale> and cheeese!   smile 
<propfemale> elle you eeh
nothing captures memories better than a camera    smile 
sooo i'm thinking that drinking four cups of coffee in one day is not the greatest idea in the world       annoyed 
"not gonna lie, i love memory <propfirst>    smile   its pretty even when it rains "
yay!  i get to go to work today!   laugh 
"light thinks it travels faster than anything, but it is wrong   no matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always gotten there first, waiting  "
i've decided i want a pet lemur    smile 
chicago!!!!!!!
chicago twas ahmahzing!!!!   laugh   so far the best one i've seen yet!   laugh 
"there's only 2 kinds of people in the world, there's women and there's men    smile "
is in love with <propfirst> gray gubler!   smile 
is a snoodle   that's all    smile 
love is brightest in the dark    smile 
"sleeping in, i miss you!  i hope we meet again soon    smile "
why is it that only the bad dreams continue once you've woken up and gone back to sleep?
"oh rice o <propfemale>, it was love at first bite  smile "
"life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not     smile "
wooo hooo!  i slept in!  i love you sleep!  you're magical!   smile 
had a fabulous night with lynnie and <propfemale>!   laugh 
"went to bayshore this morning, i loooved it!   laugh "
i love baking with lexi at random times of the day!   smile   we made white chocolate macadamia cookies!!  scrump!
chocolate cheerio's   you are my new favorite    smile 
"my feet would like to take a moment and say something to all of you     \ouch\"" """
"if telling the truth sets you free, why does it always seem to cause trouble?"
packing and moving today and tomorrow!   smile 
gaah!  i have so much stuff!  i don't like it!
yay    unpacking 
the innie is <propfemale> and the mo is miney 
i find <propfemale>'s random barks and paws moving fervently while dreaming rather entertaining and stinkin adoreable    i'm glad we're friends    smile 
took the midnight train going anywhere 
"today, is a good day, to do nothing    smile   you can get a lot done with nothing to do "
just got home from the bsm     pretty interesting night   i'm curious for more   smile 
mothergoose!  i lost the peanut butter!  sad 
i've been told that i'm beautiful several times today and all by different people      i could get used to this    laugh 
"mmmm tortellini for breakfast, lunch and dinner!!   smile "
"hmm     i'm not an enfp anymore, i'm an enfj   smile "
wooo hooo!  school tomorrow!! this is gonna be a fabulous year!!   laugh 
yay first day of school!!   laugh 
life is magical!   it makes me very happy!   smile 
to the windoooooow!  to the waaalll!   laugh 
i really want to see <propfirst> pilgrim tonight    any takers?   smile 
"don't strive to be perfect, strive to be healthy    smile "
i want a cookie!!  smile 
the last airbender was epic!!!!!  i loved it!!   laugh 
yay!!!!!  my bff comes home today!!!!!!   laugh 
is slowly becoming addicted to <propfemale> mars      haha 
<propfemale> burk garza and <propfirst> garza are home!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> in the box aaand sleeping beauty with <propfemale>!   smile 
i turn 21 in two days!!!!!!!  yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think someone needs to create floating backpacks 
oh math homework   its good to see you again!   smile 
just around the riverbend!!!!!   laugh 
barium! cobalt! einstein! kool-aid!
is 21!!  woot woot!!!   laugh 
wooo hoooo!  birthday dinner!!!   laugh 
thanks to everybody who made my birthday amazing and making me feel very loved!  i feel very blessed to have all of you!! you make my heart smile very big!   smile  i love you!!   laugh 
chocolate cake and ice cream!!!!  horray!!!
"shine on, you crazy diamonds!   smile "
yay   nothing says good morning like the power going out!
"yay, work in the morning     today i'm not all that excited    =- "
don't stop believing      even though    you realllllly want to 
subway     i love you    smile 
"i like people   they make me happy    smile   so if you're people, i like you   hehe"
"i'm in love with sokka from avatar   if i was a cartoon, i'd marry him    smile "
"wow, coffee really does help you wake up in the morning    smile "
ouch    sad 
hmm   i ran slash walked a mile in 18 minutes     i know that's not very impressive buut its better than my like 27 minute one like a year ago   so i'm happy  smile 
its not getting what you want   its wanting what you got!   smile 
"get ready for me love, cuz ima comer!  i've simply gotta march my hearts a drumma!  don't bring around a cloud to rain on my parade!   smile "
just preordered halo reach!!   aahhh!
"and just when you think you're off for the weekend, an une playful ected training comes in on a saturday morning! oh the joys of working!  i'm actually kind of excited though!  i love my job   we're friends    smile "
what should i be for halloween?
that's what she said     haha    smile 
"i'm hungry    i would like to eat some food, eating some food would make my hunger go away   this sounds like an effective plan  "
you will never know a hero until you know it's villain    so appreciate them both    you cannot have one without the other    smile 
yup!  i was right!  you're stupid!  ugh!
"i've found that the problem with wearing your heart on your sleeve, is that its more likely to get hurt when it gets hit with the doorknob "
is happy    smile   this is gonna be good    smile 
mayday parade is keeping me company in my head    smile   good songs    hehe
woooo hooooo!  halo reach tonight!!!!!   laugh 
i love it when i get stuff done   i feel so accomplished    smile 
waking up early = no fun 
"today is a frown, and there's not an upside down "
"russian roulette is not the same without a gun, and baby when it's love, if it ain't rough, it isn't fun    smile "
woo hoo 1 mile in 17 minutes!   smile 
you're amazing just the way you are    smile    love 
i get to see my brudder tomorrow!  this makes me happy!   laugh 
if you were a punctuation <propfirst> which one would you be?   smile   i think i would be an ! since i get excited about random crap all the time!  haha   smile 
i really want a <propmale> shepherd!
i have my laptop back!!!! yesss!!!!   laugh 
is falling in love with the smiths   morrisey is enchanting    smile 
so exactly how jacked up is it in corpus due to the rain?
does anybody live near roddfield and mcardle? if so can you tell me how flooded it is over there? please?
whataburger!   laugh 
just for curiosity's sake     i know its a touchy subject but do all guys  cheat?
"i should probably do homework, so i'm not a procrastinator    but i don't think its close enough to the due date    haha   even though its due in a week    smile "
i left my watch at home again   i feel naked     annoyed 
today i learned that wearing a transformers tshirt will make random guys you've never seen before tell you hi across the parking lot or stare at you   crazy day
easy a was a-mazing!  get it?  a mazing?!  funny i know    laugh 
yay! i get to watch glee tonight!!   smile 
dangit!  i fail at life today!
should probably start doing my homework     oh motivation    we're just not friends today     sad 
"by the one who's strong, can right your wrongs, can rid your fears, dry all your tears,  and change the way you look at this big world   he will take your dark, distorted view, and with his light he will show you truth, and again you'll see through the eyes of a little girl   there could never be a more beautiful you    smile "
"you know what?  i'm exhausted!  work, school, work, school, work with extra crap added in with like 6 hours of sleep is not ideal   it will get better it will "
i think i can i think i can i think i can   
just finished eating chick-fil-a m  (haha i love clever cheesey slogans like that!) with the lovely <propfemale> cullen!    smile 
a+b laugh uh 
boooo
that's what you get!!!
carbs!      make everything better   smile 
hmmm    letters to <propfemale> kinda sucked    haha    smile 
ok homework    let's do this thing!   smile 
being a teacher is hard work    
happy birthday google!!!   laugh 
ok its official   this is the worst i've ever procrastinated and i never want to do it again!  gah!
is doing pretty good for running on two hours of sleep    smile   i can do this!
"i think my brain is fried for today, homework will have to wait until tomorrow    or the next day     smile   haha "
so i'm starting to notice that people see me differently than i see myself     i think i like thier analysis better than mine    i'm not as lame as i think  haha     so thank you people    smile   this will be a new adventure to e playful lore!
why is 6 afraid of 7?  because 7 ate 9!  hahahaha!
aah  you've got mail   my favorite!   laugh 
woo hooo!  san <propfirst> this weekend!!!   laugh  3 hours till work is over!   laugh 
watching the hangover      annoyed 
mmmm funnel cake @ fiesta texas!   laugh 
had an amazing time in san <propfirst>!   smile   thanks everybody who was a part of it for making it so!   laugh 
"doritos, oreos, and cheerio's   thank you dinner    smile "
"keep your feet on the ground, when you're heads in the clouds   smile "
"good times, for a change    smile "
yay i love it when i get homework done!!  now to start on tomorrow's tasks!  haha    smile 
yay one more class and then i'm done!  woohooo!
"dear frustration, i would like to not be friends with you anymore, so please stop pursuing me   thanks, <propfirst> "
"beauty and the beast on dvd!! finally!  alladin, you better be next!!   laugh   wooo hooo!"
be your own hero    smile 
"\hell hath no fury like a woman scorned\""    i can agree with that   haha"""
"i don't know why you say goodbye, i say hello    smile "
hockey game today!!!   laugh 
what a great game!!!!   laugh 
"had a great day!  now i'm watching the ex and eating whole wheat, abc and 123 noodles with meatballs     thank you chef-boy-r d    smile "
i love distracting <propfemale> burk garza when we're trying to do homework    smile 
survey:  what do you think the difference is between hope and faith?
nazi zombies!!!!!!   laugh  i've missed you sooo much!   laugh 
yuh oh     disney internship is popping up again     and i'm getting that feeling in my heart like i actually need to do it this time     decisions decisions       annoyed 
food and halo reach tonight!!  horray for no homework!!   laugh 
mmmm junk food for the week     hot cheetohs with peanut m&m's!   laugh 
"when you really believe in yourself, you don't have to bring other people down    smile "
mosquitos are the devil's minions!  ugh!
woooo hoooo!  i got a perfect score (150) on my classroom floorplan!  aaaaaand my teacher wants to use it as a model for her future classes!   laugh  i'm super happy
beauty is a light in the heart    smile 
"singing ''if you're wondering, if i want you too    i want you tooo'' by weezer, while playing halo reach is really enjoyable    smile   that's all "
"hi friends!  so my phone is out of commission at the moment   the screen went out, so i can receive calls but i can't make them    and if you text me it'll take me longer to text back since i'll have to check them online    smile   it'll be this way till either monday or tuesday "
things i'm telling myself today= be optimistic   don't compare yourself   it will get better    smile   let's see how well this goes today 
"went into spec's today, for the first time     twas kind of awesome   my first purchase as a legal 21 year old was some chocolate, filled with malibu cream in the middle   good day     smile   p s  i can't wait for halloween!!   laugh "
blah 
yay!  i have a new phone that works!!   laugh 
"ehhh, why not!  \what's your first or favorite memory of me?\"""""
yay homework!  it will get done today!   smile 
bangin on a trashcan    drummin on a street light    smile 
" sad   headphones are shorting out      oh well, now i can get some pink ones "
i can't wait for the waiting to be over 
"*singing* there is a light, and it never goes out      smile   yay the smiths!"
"\i use antlers in all of my decorating!\""  \""my what a guy    gastooooon!\""  smile """
"sometimes i just want to copy someone elses status, word for word and see if they notice "
just finished watching some kind of wonderful   new favorite!  <propfirst> hughes is the man!   laugh 
"you can turn off the sun, but i'm still gonna shine!   smile   i love listening to <propfirst> mraz in my car with the windows down   good day!   smile "
"<propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>aroni and cheeeese  i got the blues    smile   i love it when commercials get stuck in my head   haha "
"sing about that oh, love it's a brittle maddness, i sing about it in all my sadness "
"hello today, i know we got off to a rough start, but i think we should be friends    smile "
they're gonna make the lorax into a movie!  aaaahhhhh!   laugh 
is anybody doing anything fun on halloween or know of anything fun to do?
a sigh can say a thousand words   *sigh*
ugh!  i need a hug!  and a cookie    sad 
"has the greatest boss, coworkers, and job ever!   smile "
"writing lesson plans, is no walk in the park   *sigh*  it will get easier   the first step is always the hardest right?  smile "
"so help me to dream these dreams, cause i don't have a clue, and if you'd be honest and say what you mean, you know i would promise, i'd do anything    because i know that without you, i'm giving it away   -<propfemale>"
"so a sharpie pen magically appeared in front of me in the library, and no one is sitting next to me either    so uhm    i guess i should say thanks    smile "
"one more <propmale> project due, and yet the motivation is slipping through my fingers like sand   i guess i could always just build a sandcastle    smile "
"dear homework, i would like to say thank you for being mostly done    smile "
mmmmmmm thank you cici's for creating noodles of awesomeness mixed with saucy deliciousness!   laugh 
yay! carving pumpkins tonight!  i haven't done this since pre-k!
there's no place like home    smile  happy hallloween everyone!   smile  be safe!
i have a mini crush on the cashier at heb  smile  hehe
thank you xbox for saving my halloween!   smile 
i want to go to a concert   a rock my face scream my voice off jumping and pushing concert   that's all    smile 
watching the office     i love this show   smile 
"oh homework, i can't wait till the day when i'm grading you instead of making you    smile "
"dreaming of words yet to be said, goodnight dear void     smile "
one more test and then today is done!
the new xbox dashboard is wicked coool!  especially netflix   laugh 
"thumpity thump thump, thumpity thump thump    "
glee is getting soooo good! i love all the sneak peeks!!!  laugh 
"just decided to name my gas tank light <propmale>     get it? like fill up? anyways it's awesome    smile   now its <propfemale> and <propmale>, from sleeping beauty "
"ugh, i'm stupid   why do i watch crap i know will give me nightmares before i go to sleep?!  *sigh* dangit "
i hate commercials 
i have the most amazing older brothers of all time!   smile  they're my favorite!  that's all    smile 
"when the <propfemale> hits your eye, like a big pizza pie    thats amoreeee!!!!   smile "
keep moving forward    smile 
"i'm starting to find that everything comes down to time management     and i'm getting better at it, so this is good   we're becoming friends   smile "
*sigh* my how i hate this feeling of being sick   everything hurts   stupid sinus junk 
toooo much homework!  go away!
"the lazy man says \there is a lion outside! i shall be slain in the streets!\""  laugh """
homework time    time to be brilliant!  smile 
never smile at a crocodile    smile 
i am healed    smile 
 smile 
writing lesson plans     horray!
"happiness is a mood, not a destination    smile "
"homework, go do yourself!"
"it's a bittersweet symphony, this life "
"so i'm starting to think that hope is a part of your everyday life, the wisdom is to know which things to hope for    smile "
i am capeable!
"little boxes, on the hillside  little boxes made of tickey tackey  little boxes on the hillside, little boxes all the same    smile "
"i want a cheeseburger, with ketchup and mustard only please and fries with no salt    smile "
"dear microsoft office 2010, thank you for being amazing!  sincerely, <propfirst>    p s   i love you!   smile "
take my hand and we'll make it i swear!   smile 
i'm so sick of writing!
i'm a happy camper!   laugh 
woohoo!  i kicked <propmale> academic butt today!!  i get to do it again on tuesday!  then it's give thanks day!  horrays!!   smile 
at my elementary middle school reunion!  super excited!  super fun!   laugh 
wooo hoo ihop @ 2 am!   laugh 
spaghetti!!!!!
hallmark recordable storybooks?!  those look super awesome!!!   laugh 
"do me a favor, tell me something you like about yourself    smile   please and thank you "
backstreet boys w  new kids on the block!   laugh 
"\to be continued\""s are such a tease!!  gah!"""
"gah! homework, get your own life!  stop taking mine!"
i love hugs    smile 
"happiness can be found in the darkest of times, only if one remembers to turn on the light!  -dumbledore"
"i miss the days where, i was off the whole week of thanksgiving!  come on school!  get on the train!   playful "
"i love it when the wind hits my water bottle just right, and it starts singing    smile "
one more class!!  then school is ooooover!
it's aaaalmost time to turn into a turkey!!  (you know   cuz of that whole   you are whatcha eat)   smile   gobble gobble!  hehee
i'm officially a turkey!   smile 
hmm       innie <propfemale> miney moe     
i love you sweet tea!   smile 
"i try to get my usher on, but i can't let it burn    smile "
woo hoo!  hello starbucks!  shopping @ 4 a m  with the brothers!  smile 
what the?!  way to go electricity!  waiting outside best buy in the cold does not work well with a texas girl!
victory!!
"food!  you're delicious, thank you for being my friend    smile "
"had a great friendsgiving!!!   smile   thanks to everyone who was there, for basically being awesome!   smile "
puttputt with the brothers!!!   laugh 
<propmale> potter 7 1!!!!!!!!   horray!
it was only just a dream   smile 
"is back in the atmosphere, with drops of jupiter in her hair    smile "
"yay!  last minute homework!  thanks procrastination, for making my life interesting    smile "
yay!  skinny jeans are now back in play!   smile 
be cheerful no matter what   pray all the time  thank god no matter what happens  this is the way god wants you who belong to christ jesus to live    smile 
"i'm reallllly starting to fall in love with the bible!  there's some beautiful, hilarious, mind boggling, what the crap stories in there!  it makes me happy!   smile "
"mr sun, sun, mr  <propfemale> sun    please shine down on me!   smile "
woo hoo!  homework done!! and i don't get to miss any sleep because of it!!   smile 
pretzel m&m's      this could be the beginning to something beautiful    smile 
nerd moment for the day:  today i used my lysol to go at school to clean a dirty lunch table    smile 
black ops!  finally!!  aahhh!
"goodbye today, good night dear void "
why can't i live in my imagination???  everything is sooo much better there!   annoyed 
sushi and <propfemale> tonight!!  woooo hooooo!  girls night!   laugh 
"hey, hey!  you, you!        "
this is the second week in a row that i've missed glee    i don't know how much more i can take of this    sad 
i'm so excited that <propfemale> burk garza is getting a new phone!  woo hoo!! she's getting on the andriod train!   smile 
"\we'll see\""    smile """
"don't be afraid, take a sad song and make it better    smile "
horray!   my phone has her bff back!   laugh 
i loove google!   smile 
does anybody play wordfeud?   smile 
yay!  infant and toddler training today!  i'm <propfemale> excited!   laugh 
i wish i knew spanish 
your will be done     till kingdom come 
it's a how i met your mother marathon day!   smile   yay!
teacher evaluations    maybe now they'll stop emailing me!
"hahaha, my cat just discovered that my hair bounces back whenever she grabs it    smile "
nooooo!!!  my ipod drowned in the sink    sad 
good morning starshine!  the earth says hello!   smile 
last day of class!!!  smile 
"woohoo!  1 final down!  4 papers, 1 outline, and 1 test to goooo!   laugh "
parks & recreation is one of my new favorite shows!  yay!   smile 
"<propfemale> cake, <propfemale> cake, baker's man      smile "
2 finals down! 2 more to go!!!  horray!
i'm super excited that i get to watch 3 whole episodes of glee tonight!!!   smile 
"2 papers and 1 test away from victory!  it shall be done, it shall be awesome!   laugh "
woooohoooo!!! lezels is done with her first semester at a&m!!!   smile 
cheeseits    annoyed 
woo hoo!  hockey tonight with my favorite ladies!   smile 
i love hockey fights!   smile 
ooooo eeeeee what's up with that? ! what up with that?!
geeze facebook!  turning into stalkerville much?
i hate being sick 
woo hoo!  work christmas party!   smile 
a successful christmas party indeed!
"i feel like i should be doing homework today, but      i don't have any!!  horray!!!"
what the?  i look down at my hand and i'm bleeding   why does this keep happening?
wishing and hoping and thinking and praying    smile 
i'm a mouse!  give me a cookie!   smile 
about to watch the grinch!!!!  i love me some who's!   smile 
i hate losing 
yay!  tank tops and flip flops in winter!   smile 
remember:  all this waiting will be worth it    
i hate coughing 
"raise your glass if you are wrong, in all the right ways   smile   *clink*"
omg!  i just got 33 kills with a +19 kill death spread in swat! awesome!!!
birthday lunch for the dad with one brother!   laugh   haaaaapy birthday old man!   smile 
"goodbye money, hello awesome presents for people i love!   laugh "
"my cat, keeps beating me up with her sharp teeth and nails   my hands are very ouch    sad "
yay!  baking christmas treats!!!   laugh 
woooooohoooooo!!!  all a's!! 4 0 average for this semester 
yay!  gotta love christmas adventures with my best friend!!   laugh 
himym    smile 
happy the day before christmas!!   laugh 
i have a new phone       it's epic!!!!   smile 
i had a fabulous christmas <propfemale> with my two favorite families    smile   i'm a lucky girl 
bored 
a lot can happen in a little bit of time!   smile 
sudoku!   smile 
"if all the raindrops were lemon drops and gumdrops, oh what a rain that would be    smile "
i think we need another best buy here instead of a walmart 
mcallister's <propmale> and cheese is definitely the best <propmale> ive ever had   yumm    smile 
"now that i actually have money for itunes, to buy music  i don't know what i want   how typical     haha   smile "
yup 
yay!  i am now the proud owner of black ops    laugh 
i need a name for my phone     any ideas?
it's official   let the weekend begin!!!!   laugh 
time to get my dream on    smile 
with every ending comes a new beginning!  i'm excited!   smile 
what do you think the difference is between being innocent and being naive?
is living on a prayer   here's to hoping    smile 
i hate scary dreams!  especially when they wake you up early and don't let you go back to sleep     sad 
"daydreaming makes boring,   fun!   smile   i like it!"
"we only see what we want to see, when we're ready to see it "
"boo, i'm officially allergic to my cat "
watching thumbelina for the first time!  i love <propfemale> tales    smile 
"after the rain, comes a rainbow, i'll find my rainbow soon    smile "
i want summer back 
sooo     i've been washing my hands so much they've started bleeding    sad   no bueno 
kinect girls night!  i love my friends and technology    smile 
"even if your hope is gone, move along "
"boo!  *cough cough*  *aahchoo!*  *get tissue, blow nose*  repeat     sad "
listening to the tangled soundtrack makes me super happy!   laugh 
"booo! i was on my way to feeling productive while setting up my new eco-friendly copier scanner printer when i find out that i need to purchase the usb cord for it seperately     so i can't print anything without it     way to go hewwit packerd, way  to  go    annoyed "
does anybody use google talk?  smile 
i love my phone!   smile 
gonna watch black swan with the girls!  yay!   smile 
"so i've decided that after i get my bachelors degree in teaching, i'm gonna go back for my masters degree in school counseling    smile "
i'm getting really excited that school stats tomorrow!   smile 
ok so after much consideration i've decided to name my phone persephone    smile 
"arrrre ya achin, yumm yumm     foooor some bacon, yumm yumm   he's a pig pig yum yum, you can be a pig pig too   wooo!   smile "
"mmmm waterburger     your tasty, cheesey, beefy burgers are delicious!!!   smile "
i loooove school!  i'm proud to be a nerd    smile 
my cat is a jerk 
"dear xbox, thank you for being so amazing   i heart you    smile "
yay!!!!  i am now kinected!!!!!   laugh 
hockey game tonight!!!   smile 
"is this where i am for your sake, stuck between sleep and awake?  my mind is dreaming of things   are you listening?"
"not all the time, and not everybody, but sometimes, people suck   that's all "
hi friends!  could anybody tell me about the awesome churches you go to so that i may visit them?   smile 
 smile 
school supplies!   smile 
why won't my printer print?!
its my mommy's birthday!!  happy birthday munch!!!   smile 
is like a boss    wink 
apple cinnamon cheerios     another reason why cheerios is the best cereal ever    smile 
cereal owns!!!!   laugh 
why do i to that?! seriously <propfirst>     just stop!
"so i'm just sitting here thinking about how awesome all my friends are (family is friends too)    smile   so if you're my friend (which, you know is pretty obvious if you're reading this   ) thanks for being you    smile "
lazer pointer+cat=hilarious!!!
its weird but my grapes kinda taste like soda    smile 
parks and rec!!!!!!  i love this show!  laugh 
does anybody else think it's awkward when you see people from facebook in public when they're not your friends    just friends of your friends   ?
gah!  for the life of me i can never remeber how to say purple in spanish!!
"inhale, exhale     i can do this    smile "
"whatever will be, will be   the futures not ours to see  que sera, sera    smile "
woot!  girls night!   smile 
"i just got a fancy <propfirst>'s list certificate in the mail!!  yay, i'm smart!   smile "
brooooownies!!!!!!!
what?! did i hear that correctly?  it might snow tonight?!?!
"to err is human, to arr is pirate    smile "
"\it'll be worth the wait\""    smile """
boooo homework 
woo hoo school is closed today and tomorrow starting at 4!   smile 
yay!  i'm finally gonna watch dispicable me!  smile 
"booo, i feel sick    sad "
i loooove it when people get really excited over little things!!   smile 
woot woot!  glee marathon!!!   smile 
on top of spaghettiii all covered with cheese   i lost my poor meatball when somebody sneezed      smile 
gulliver's travels with my bestie!!   smile 
ha!  i have the greatest friend and family ever!!!   smile 
hmmmm 
don't you hate it when you go to sleep with your socks on and wake up with them off?  i do!
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>     don't worry about it   trust god!  he'll take care of you!  remember?   smile "
reeses eggs!!!!!  mmmmm   smile   and it's not even <propfirst>'s day yet!  haha 
"yada, yada, yada "
"wow! the vagina monologues was really good!  very empowering   it makes me happy to be a woman, despite its challenges   haha   smile "
"i think it's funny whenever someone misspells my name whenever leaving me a comment, considering my name is always in front of their face      smile "
boooo! i think i'm getting sick again!   sad 
i need food      what to eat       hmmmm
mmmmm chinese food!   smile 
yay! singing in the rain!  i love old movies!   laugh 
"i love how no matter how uneasy i may become about life, jesus always comes through for me    smile  this makes me happy!"
yay!!!! i finally get to watch glee tonight!!!!!!!  horray!!!!!   laugh 
mmm silky smooth dark chocolate truffle hearts!  thank you dove!   smile 
"chemistry and i don't communicate with each other very well, this is gonna take some extra effort   :-\\"
watching 3rd rock from the sun    smile   funny stuff!   smile 
"tomorrow is a new day, with no mistakes in it yet    smile "
"oooooh!  i like my new mouse!   smile   i shall name her <propfemale>!  to go with my laptop    who's name is <propfirst>!  hehe, get it, cuz it's <propfirst>'s mouse?   laugh "
im sleepy!  and i have to be here till 9 smile 0!   sad 
booo!  i woke up with a fever!  no bueno 
yay!  i got a free cookie!   smile 
does anybody else ever forget that they can fast forward the commercials whenever they dvr something?
wooooot!  i broke my fever!  yay!
so i must say i looooooove my new church!   smile 
"only 3 more days till <propfemale>'s birthday and 4 more days till seinfeld!!   smile   this is gonna be a gooood week! (you know, as long as all the homework gets done)    laugh "
"okay skypers, i am currently apart of your world    smile   let me know your i d 's so that i may add you   please and thank you    smile "
qwertyuiop!
"so apparently i need skype for dummies since i haven't figured it out yet, so change of plans, if you have skype and would like to add me my screen name thing is lezels23   ok thanks    smile "
yay!!!!!  i have 2 2 on my phone!!! finally!!!!   laugh  thank you samsung for being amazing!
freebirds!!!  yummmm   smile 
"i think i can, i think i can,i think i can   "
yay seinfeld tonight!!!   smile  all thats left is to get this lesson plan turned in!   smile 
oh my goodness!  this class is seriously stressing me out!  i feel like a failure everytime i leave it!  ugh!
seinfeld was super awesome an super hilarious!  great night indeed!   smile 
"blue skies smilin at me, nothin but blue skies do i see   blue birds singing a song, nothin but blue birds all day long    smile "
little big planet 2    smile 
yay training today!   laugh 
i love free food!!!   smile 
<propfemale> many options for my life!  i looove it!!!   smile 
you're a flower   now bloom!   smile 
yay i got a kiss on the cheek from my new 3 year old friend!  good day!   smile 
sweet dreams    smile 
this is gonna be a somewhat crazy week    challenge accepted!
i love good grade pick me ups!   smile 
"yay!!!  my crystals grew!  horray for not failing my science homework!!!   laugh       now, to write that paper    "
skype is cool!   smile 
muahahaha  homework you will not defeat me!  i'm awesome!   playful 
*sigh*  i wish science and i were friends      annoyed 
hapy birthday dr  seuss!!!!   laugh 
it will get better 
"2 <propmale> tests today!  i can't wait for tomorrow to be here, cuz that means i'll be done!     well until next weeks demands anyway    smile "
"this week is almost over, i can't wait!   smile "
"game night with friends, now game night with family    smile "
"pretty, pretty please!   smile "
i guess we can blame it on the rain     smile 
yay!  pretty woman is on tv!   smile 
"here we go, come with me, there's a world out there that we should see  take my  hand, close your eyes, with you right here i'm a rocketeer   let's fly!  smile "
"   and i'm so happy, so very happy   i got the love of jesus in my heart!   smile "
oh bother    smile 
yay! i get to catch up on american idol!   playful 
ha!  i just had an epic cod black ops dream!   smile  i love  video game dreams 
yay! food time!!   laugh 
just one more class and spring break and i become best friends!   smile 
"exhausted   good thing spring break starts soon, boo on all the homework that comes with it though "
"i ain't happy, i'm feeling glad   i got sunsine in a bag   i'm useless, but not for long   the future is comin on    smile "
boooo  that's all 
wooooot!  at savanah and <propmale>'s bacholorette bachelor party!!   smile   horray for friends getting mawwied!!!   laugh 
horray for <propfemale> amador and <propmale> bennett's wedding today!!!   laugh 
reading and buying children's books make me happy!   smile 
yay!  watching the wedding singer and eating chocolate chip cookies!!   smile 
i'm amazed at how god continues to show me that he has something good planned from something that went wrong    smile 
"oh water, how i love thee, let me count the ways    smile "
it's gonna be legen      wait for it      dary!   playful 
wooot!  road trip to <propfirst> to see eisley and the big brother with the best friend!!!!   laugh 
"yay, <propfirst> traffic    "
yay!  eisley was super good!  i'm glad i finally got to see them!  smile 
watching amelie with <propfemale> burk garza and <propmale> rodriguez    smile   i'm a happy girl 
innie <propfemale> miney moe       hmmmm 
"pretty, pretty please don't you ever ever feel like you're less than, less than perfect   pretty pretty please, if you ever ever feel like you're nothin    you are perfect to me    smile "
"yay!  class is canceled!  thank you monday, you're not so bad after all!   smile "
"so if good things come to those who wait, i'm gonna get something awesome!!!   smile "
watching the hulk!   smile 
lesson plans! science project!  grammar essay! oh my!  let the homework war begin!    smile 
i  love  technology!!!   laugh 
i don't like my teacher 
 smile 
yay!!  babysitting bellie!   smile 
"no matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come  true    smile "
i  love  naps    smile 
fact:  bears eat beets   bears   beets   battlestar galactica    smile 
yay!  i just got a new pen with a highlighter attatched to it!   laugh  horray for office supplies!
apples to apples!!!  : d
lets get down to business to defeat the huns!   smile 
"i want to work on my science project and not my english paper, but my english paper is due first    phooey   oh well, we're halfway there!   smile "
i like it when teachers are nice    smile 
everything's gonna be alright    smile 
so i'm thinking i need to update my ipod     because christmas music is popping up all too frequently     haha   smile 
"my coffee has a little too much chocolate in it for it to be enjoyable     i didn't think that was possible, but here i am "
2 things to remind  myself     1) don't try so hard   2)  don't be so hard on yourself      smile   challenge accepted!
does anybody else get super excited whenever they get new shampoo and conditioner that smells really good?!  i know i do!!   laugh 
"aww man, booo on waking up from super good dreams!"
i need a hug and some video games   please and thank you 
i'm thinking tomorrow'll be better    anybody wanna agree with me on that?   smile 
"yup i'm sick again   oh joy   \ a nose on need deserves puffs indeed\""   smile """
gah!  i am so not down with the sickness!
you should tell me a joke    smile  please!   smile 
"for the vision awaits an appointed time  don't worry, though it lingers, wait for it   it will not prove false and won't be overdue a single day  -habakkuk 2 smile    smile  [my favorite verse that reminds me god is faithful especially when i'm impatient, so here's to waiting!]"
glee is on the radio!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!   laugh 
a musical grey's anatomy   this is interesting      
"by the grace of god, i will succeed!  yay!   smile "
"gonna start watching lost    i know, i know    \its about time\""    smile """
"i'm thinking that my future black lab should be named skinamarinkedo   that way i can song the song and say \i looove you\""    wink """
i like my friends! i'm happy you're you and alive and that i know you    smile 
yay!  just registered for fall!  the schedule is as organized as i could get it!   smile   one step closer to field basing!  i can't wait for this degree plan to be over!
"i would like my voice back    so voice, if you're listening   you can come home now    its safe    we can sing a song to celebrate your return!     smile "
"writing a poem about 2 socks who fell in love and then were separated,  this is fun!   smile "
yay good grade pick me ups!! lord knows i needed that!!   laugh 
yay!  everyone liked my poem!   smile   i'm quite proud of it too    smile 
happy anniversary <propfemale> burk garza and <propfirst> garza!   smile 
"watching marmaduke    i've got to admit, dog movies are extremely entertaining   their jokes are cheesey but awesome!   smile "
my xbox kicked me off of my game!  i had all my favorite weapons too   fail for you xbox   fail  for  you    sad 
yay new toothpaste!!!   laugh 
mmmm pancakes!   smile 
"yup, its official   i'm hooked on lost    smile "
i love good dreams!   laugh 
i looove compliments!  they make any cloudy day look like sunshine!   smile 
dream on       smile 
too much coffee makes a jittery <propfirst>    
i worry too much    annoyed 
yay!  a journal with blank pages!!!!   smile  finally
"keep your eyes open, hold tight to your convictions, give it all you've got, be resolute, and love without stopping - 1st corinthians 16:13   smile "
"so let's do itfull of belief, confident that we're presentable inside and out  let's keep a firm grip on the promises that keep us going  he always keeps his word  let's see how inventive we can be in encouraging love and helping out, not avoiding worshiping together as some do but spurring each other on, especially as we see the big day approaching  -hebrews 10:23   smile "
"don't worry baby, everything will turn out alright    smile "
mmmm leftover chinese food!  thank you lunch!   smile 
"i love it whenever someone asks me for something (bandaid, neosporin, advil, stapler, scissors) and i have it!   smile "
gouda cheese is good!!   smile 
someday   when i'm awfully low and the world is cold   i will feel a glow just thinking of you    smile 
now there's no sense crying over every mistake   you just keep on trying 'till you run out of cake    smile 
i'm very thankful for paydays!   smile 
yay sleeeeeeeep!  one of the best times of the day!   smile 
"\a cynic is only a frustrated optimist\"" said the fortune cookie    smile """
"i gotta pocket, gotta pocket full of sunshine!!!   smile "
<propfemale> easters!   smile 
my xbox is making me sad    sad 
"milk, cookies, and powerpoints   yay homework!"
"oh homework, i can't wait to be done with you!  come on may 11th!"
no fun! i woke up with a fever and achyness    sad 
yay!!!  lost!!!   laugh 
i hate you smte3315!
4 8 15 16 23 42    wink 
yay! new <propfemale> cup!   smile   i  love  disney and their mad skills    laugh 
yay!!  nsync on the radio!!!!   laugh 
*sigh*  i'm a mess    but i think i'm okay with that    smile 
fhqwhgads!!!!
school needs to be over already so i can watch glee!!  i'm going through withdrawals!!
yay!  helping with the science fair today!  thank you extra credit for both being useful and entertaining!   smile 
is it just me or has time been passing by very slowly?
i wanna go somewhere where you get to dress up and look really pretty    smile 
listening to <propfemale> and coloring    smile 
yay!  there's only 1 5 weeks of school left! watch out a's! you're gonna be mine!   laugh 
it feels super good outside!   smile 
yay!  an a for grammar! 1 a down    3 to go!!!   laugh 
"ooooh     \the others\""!"""
its a country music kind of day    smile 
hello a number 2!   laugh 
yay!  new zombie map!   laugh 
yay! today is over!  smile 
happy <propfemale> wars day!!  may the fourth be with you!   wink 
"i think i can, i think i can, i think i can!  *choo choo*   smile "
revenge of the fifth!  happy starwars day!   smile 
studying for my third final    i'm already bored 
yay i finally get to see <propfirst> pilgrim!!!   laugh 
happy your mom day!   smile 
fooooood coma   zzzzz    smile 
it's official   all my easter <propfemale> is gone    sad 
stinkin lost!  so addictive!
last final today!   smile   horray!
just bought some reese's sticks to eat after my final to celebrate!   smile   tooo bad i have to wait till 4 smile 0 
nothing like celebrating the end of the semester with the best friend and call of duty    smile 
woot!!!  got my scholarships for fall and spring!   smile  yay school!   smile 
yay!  glee kids horray!   smile 
its friday!  friday!   smile 
"in my pj's, eating dinner, starting season 3 of lost     good day!   smile "
why does <propfemale> have to be so delicious?
what?!  <propfirst> durbin was voted off american idol?! he was totally supposed to win!   sad 
your love makes me sing!   laugh 
contemplating life in all it's splendor and it feels like there's gonna be a big change soon     i just haven't figured it out yet   we shall see   
i think my cat is sick    sad   this makes me sad 
"three a's and one b     oh well, can't win em all    smile "
i need more angry music on my ipod     everything i listen to is super happy    smile 
"if i were an apple hanging on a tree, i'd give my heart to the first green worm and together we would be    smile "
kids are weird   i like them    smile 
m&m mini's!!!  yay!!
chocolate peanut butter cup smore??  delicious!  mmmmm   laugh 
yay!  a good day   i like them    smile 
diet snapple peach tea (or any flavor tea)  owns!!!   smile   yummmm
"i love my boss, i love my coworkers, i love my kids, i looove my job    smile "
yay!  new work clothes and stuff!  horray shopping!   smile 
skipbo!   smile 
horray for watching ever after and drawing a picture    smile 
"mmm!  pankcakes, eggs, and bacon for breakfast!  delicious!   smile   thanks <propfirst> <propfirst> diaz rodriguez!  hehe "
yay!  phase 10!   smile 
earth laughs in flowers   ~ralph <propmale> <propmale>    smile 
"for this is the night, its a beautiful night   and they call it <propfemale> notte    smile "
sometimes i wish tv movies didn't make falling in love look so darn magical 
anybody on words with friends?
"dear allergies, my nose is too shy to say this to you but     leave us alone!   smile   please and thank you "
eat more cake    smile 
yay!  xmen!   laugh 
when <propfirst> was in egypt land    let my <propfirst> go    smile 
"i wanna be beautiful, make you stand in awe, look inside my heart and be amazed   smile "
"it'll get better right?  yeah i think so, better could be here any minute "
boo!  why is it so hard to find sleeping beautys soundtrack in french?!
"so please, please, please, let me      *sigh*"
"i could make you happy, make your dreams come true  nothing that i wouldn't do  go to the ends of the earth for you   to make you feel my love    smile   i  love  <propfemale> and all her magicalness "
"it will get better, it will get better, it'll get worse before it gets better but it will still get better   *inhale, exhale, repeat*"
horray for 4 day weekends!  schlitterbahn bahn tomorrow!   laugh 
"sooo much sinus pressure!  so much sneezing!  i don't like you allergies, i don't like you one bit!"
on the way to the bahn with the bestest friend ever!  yay!!!   laugh 
"we just drove by a bread truck that said \get a loaf of this!\""  haha  i love it!"""
laaaame!  someone jacked our cooler bag with all our delicious lunch and my glasses    i knew i should've left them on the locker    annoyed 
"so funny story, we found our bag!  horrays, the ninnys who decided to theif it took it to the next park over and tried to cover it with a shirt   but my handwriting was still visible    smile   so i get my glasses back right? nope  they decided to break    smile   but oh well, i still had a great day with my best friend    smile "
happy father's day <propfirst> rodriguez!  i love you!   smile 
horray for four day weekends and work in the morning!   smile 
is huluplus worth it?
helllloh!  la la la la   smile 
"today i'm grateful for the fact that no matter what happens, i have the ability to grow, overcome and become better   so challenge accepted!   smile "
yay!!!!  new zombies to kill!!   laugh  horray for new map packs! hehee 
i'm so excited!  bedtime is here!  horray for recharging!   smile 
"scaramouche! scaramouche! will you do the fandango?!  thunderbolts and lightening, very very frightening me!   smile "
horray for getting to sleep in till 7!   smile 
"hello today, i like you!   smile "
horray for watching transformers 1 and 2 before watching the third one!   smile 
"lord, search my heart   create in me something clean   dandelions, you see flowers in these weeds    smile "
i'm starting to think my cat has super ninja jedi powers because she opens my door effortlessly with her paw and scares me    and my door isn't light either 
heb chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting + a gigantor glass of milk with ice = ammmmmmzingness!   smile 
"i've decided hanging out in my head isn't safe, so i'm gonna read a book and dance around in their head   hello \the book thief\""   smile """
i'm thinking i need to go and buy tangled     i don't own it yet    and that's pretty much a crime   hehe   playful 
"it is not yet time for the dream to come true, but don't worry, don't stew, though it lingers, wait for it  it will not be overdue\  -habakkuk 2:2-3"""
booo  i just had one of those annoying dreams where i started getting ready for work and was headed out the door    then my alarm scared me and i woke up 
*sigh*  everything feels so close yet so far away   i'm excited and nervous   oh life    you're a conundrum   here's to happiness    smile 
"i love how accomplished you feel after you take care of all the little things on your \do it!\"" list    smile """
i know its from a box   and its like the easiest thing ever to make   but i just made some awesoooooome <propmale> and cheese!  mmmmm    smile 
"a gun rack?!  i don't even have \a\"" gun let alone many guns that would necessitate an entire rack!  what am i gonna do    with a gun rack?!"""
gotta love work on a saturday!   laugh 
i just had the craziest dream!  it could totally be a movie tooo   like a thriller movie   i watched it all night!
do you ever feel like you're in the middle of a story?  like your life is being narrated and you can only hear it if you're listening closely?   smile   i've felt like that my entire life 
good day!   smile 
i want to go to a ball!  they look so fun and fairytale like    smile 
does anybody know of a good and affordable dentist in town?  my teeth have needs    smile 
i  love  google    smile 
fish  pony   hip?  hip hop?  hip hop anonymous?   smile 
sometimes   i feel like i'm hanging by a thread   perhaps i should tie a knot    smile 
i miss turning left on staples and everhart 
anything can happen    smile 
i want my very own house elf!  preferably dobby   he's the best!  kreacher is legit too    smile 
i feel like i should be getting ready for school   i'm starting to miss it    smile   but i probably won't feel this way whenever homework starts to attack    playful  hehe
yay! i love game nights with friends that are both entertaining and amazing!   laugh 
"oh life    let's get better, shall we?"
yay!  haircut today!   smile 
i've decided i should to marry a computer cellphone nerd guy  i like them    smile 
 laugh 
"we gotta hold on, ready or not! you live for the fight when that's all that you've got!   smile "
ah! i just had an epic <propmale> potter dream where i was a wizard!  it was legit! <propfemale> much fun!  hehe   smile 
"today i concluded that cookies shouldn't be called cookies because you don't cook cookies, you bake them    so really they should be called bake-ies    playful "
"good night, stay excellent    smile "
"actor assigned: <propfirst> reynolds   smile   [thanks melisa!]\movie i like: definitely maybe \movie i love: the proposal\movie i hate: the nines\\like this post and i will give you an actor    smile "
"so, today was the first time i've run over an animal     poor ugly little possum      annoyed "
"i just got a fortune cookie with three of the same fortune!  it read \be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!\""  so i'm thinking something 3x as awesome is gonna happen!   smile """
"two things i've learned today:  1   if something is bothering you, let out go    just like we let go of the pan when it's too hot   and 2   whenever bad things happen look at them and then look away   it makes everything that's good look that much prettier    smile "
"alright jesus, we got this!   smile   let's do it!"
i have jury duty tomorrow   how laaaame    annoyed  boo on you federal court   pleeeease don't pick me    smile 
take my hand!  we'll make it!  i swear!   smile 
starting the hunger games tonight!  horray books!   smile 
"my color: yellow\do i like this color: i do, it's like sunshine!  smile \any foods this color? uhm     i like zucchini   that's yumm   \any drinks this color? pineapple orange juice!   \any animals this color? baby chickens?  they're yellow right?\would i die my hair this color? i think not   \like this and i'll give you a color! smile "
may the odds be ever in your favor    smile 
horray for fun while hanging out with friends!   smile 
"life is full of smiles!  just moved out and am now living on my own, i have the best job ever, i have really great friends, go to a great church and school is starting next week!  horray for life    smile "
"\don't look back and ask why    look forward and ask why not?\"" -dove chocolate    smile """
"the year: 2000\my age: 10\relationship status: single   \my best friend: <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> bynum <propmale> i think   i remember playing outside a lot that year    smile \my location: corpus <propfemale>, texas\best thing that happened to me that year: the world didn't end?  i remember everyone freaking out that new years    playful "
"my disney movie: the jungle book\favorite character: baloo!\least favorite: kaa that mean snake dude \song you always find yourself singing: \i wanna be like you oh! oh! i wanna walk like you"," talk like you!\""\"807ba8b0c70db94c0a1299a0761ee962,friendship is like peeing in your pants    everyone can see it but only you can feel its true warmth  thanks for being the pee in my pants  playful   haha!  laugh 
sometmes we don't do things that we want to do so that others won't know we want to do them   smile 
what's the best that could happen?   smile 
yay! skype date with lexi perez!   laugh 
sometimes i wonder if i can do this  (this being whatever i am doing)  only one way to find out right?  just do it!  smile 
school tomorrow     i hope the homework is nice this semester    smile 
"alright!  first day of school successfully completed!  it won't be easy, but it'll be worth it    smile "
catching up on the office is a great way to spend the day!   smile 
"i dont like this rain   annoyed   or more accurately, i dont like this thunder "
i feel like i have to do something today     but i can't remember what it is  ?  :-\\
my last weekend of being 21!  i turn 22 on thursday!  yippee!   smile 
"man, i'm getting pretty good at this cooking thing!   smile  yay me!  playful "
"i hate all of this uncertainty, why can't i just know already! sheesh!"
"?just shoot for the stars, if it feels right then aim for my heart?   smile "
"i'm so excited i have good teachers this semester!  the coursework may be a little more than e playful ected, but i'm glad my teachers are legit and awesome, so it doesn't seem that bad    smile   now    to get organized   "
my new work-in-progress mindset for 22:  whenever anybody tells me i'm not pretty enough or that no one will love me unless i'm like a size 5      simply don't believe them      ok <propfirst>! go!
woo hoo!  i'm 22!  (hey! that rhymed!)   laugh 
"so i think all of you are absolutely amazing and i'm so glad that i know you!  thanks for all of my lovely birthday wishings!   smile   ya'll are too legit, too legit to quit!   playful "
"someday they'll find it, the rainbow connection, the lovers, the dreamers and me   -<propmale> the frog    smile "
horray for catch up on homework day!   laugh 
"it feels like love outside, like the sun and the earth are meeting for the first time    smile "
"oh no, this is gonna be an interesting semester, the procrastinator switch is already turned on and accepting challenges to complete assignments an hour before they're due     hehe    oh <propfirst>, what am i gonna do with you?   smile "
so  much  homework   : \\
"my letter is d   smile \likes: dreaming, dandelions, dorks, droids, driscoll children's hospital, dr  seuss!   \dislikes: dungeons?  \boys names: <propfirst>, desmond \girls names: <propfemale>, day, disney   \places to visit: disney world! \\if you would like a letter, just say so    smile "
allergies strike again!  booo!
alright lezels    you got this  just keep swimming    smile 
so is it really so horrible being a procrastinator if you're awesome at it?  why ruin a good thing? right?   wink 
aha! i made it! my 14 hour school day is over with all assignments turned in on time and done quite well if i do say so myself    smile 
starting to love coffee more and more each morning!   smile   especially with my peppermint mocha creamer!
i meet <propfemale> many lovely and adoreable children and it always makes me want to meet mine    smile  but i'm not ready to meet them yet   one day 
"mmmmm, coffee and <propmale> chocolate cake   the breakfast of champions    smile "
"the greatest thing you'll ever learn, is just to love and be loved in return    love    smile "
"my gift is my song and this ones for you    and you can tell everybody that this is your song, it may be quite simple but now that its done, i hope you don't mind that i wrote down in words   how wonderful life is now you're in the world    smile "
glee starts tomorrow night!!!   laugh 
<propfemale> on black ops is cuhraaaazy!
"yo, homework  i want my life back, please leave "
*sigh* looks like tomorrow is homework week again     horray for class till 9   booo 
"so, yoplait chocolate yogurt     kinda like yuck "
"uhm, is anybody else's facebook picture viewer being whack?"
"dear microsoft office!  first of all i'd just like to thank you for being amazing and helping me own every paper i've ever written! but most importantly, i'd like to say thank you for autosaving my paper when my computer decided to shut down and restart because i didn't realize it was running out of battery   so thank you for not having me rewrite my paper on evolution   you truly are the best   i don't care what apple says    smile "
facebook should seriously consider changing their name to stalkerville or stalkers r us cuz all their new advancements are quite    well    stalkerish   i like it!  haha    playful 
alright today   bring it 
being indecisive wastes time      just do it!
i love the new facebook layout! way to keep it fresh and entertaining! its so convenient too! horray for new website adventures!  laugh 
"really?  we're complaining about these facebook changes on the radio?  its not like anybodys gonna stop facebooking, so just put on your thinking caps and figure it out!  smile "
just cooked the most delicious dinner with <propfemale>!  we're awesome beginner cookers!  we've decided that at this rate we'll be famous and have a cooking ministry where people can come over to our house and eat our delicious food!  then of course we'll have a movie   it'll be awesome!  smile   <propfirst> agrees with us too 
mmm deluxe walnut chocolate fudge brownies!  scrump!!   laugh 
keep it together <propfirst>     keep it together   *sigh*
marshmellow guns make for excellent marshmellow fights!
"i must say, i do love being called adorable   what a marvelous descriptive word    laugh "
"goodness! if i can make it through this semester, i will be so stinkin impressed with myself    it's not even funny   it's madness! madness i say!  papers, tests, working, teaching, reading, writing, science projects, chapter reviews, peer reviews, <propmale> achievement, group work, and more! i met with my <propfemale> teacher today, got to talk to her for like 5 minutes and then she kicked me out of her room, didn't get to go over everything i wanted either    *breathe <propfirst>! breathe!!!*   okay lezels, you got this    dear god, make me better   annoyed \"
"random school vent #2: i strongly dislike it whenever teachers give you study guides where the friggin questions are all around the book!  keep it in order people!  we don't have time for scavenger hunt studying! okay that's all, i'm done "
is google being stupid on anybody elses android phone?
"aww <propfirst> fail!  i was trying to be ahead of schedule by printing out my paper for science at home rather than at the library and i was rushing and left it at home   just goes to show, you can't plan every second of your life, just go with the flow   *sigh*"
the worst part to every meal    is when it's over    playful   hehehe
