cb819fa768eb5f626f25ee92824f45d4
"haven't been on fb in weeks  missed it, kind of "
"california on wednesday, can't wait to see the fam    and spend all day in the pool drinking margaritas "
i would like to apologize for the fact that i never check my facebook 
yea for <propfemale> herzig tonight! 8pm at the b-side   
so happy to be connecting with old friends!
saturday at 7 smile 0pm and sunday at 2 surprise 0pm
thanks to all of you for your birthday wishes!! i will be posting pics of the best 30th birthday ever very soon  thanks again and much love to you!!!!!
"<propfirst> tanner-jospe is my computer hero  guess who now has the capability to work from home    you're right, it's me   "
"so much for springtime  hello again winter, i didn't miss you at all"
sometimes the crazy person inside me takes over    doesn't usually go well   
"if you want your finger bit, poke it at a possum "
"hello winter  if you would, please wait until 9pm to start the deluge  picking my mom up at the airport this evening and would like to make it back to my house in one piece  thanks for everything weather, i owe you one   "
thanks for nothing weather!!!          but mom's made it here yesterday  yea!!
it's like nailin' jello to the wall with a warm hammer   
excited for the kitchen tonight with moms  yum!!
the winds of change are a blowin'
"a northern harrier can be identified from above by its distinctive white rump or as i call it \butt patch\"""""
anyone planning on going to <propfemale> and <propfemale> on sunday?
"yea, <propfemale> and <propfemale> at the ogden tomorrow!!! anyone wanna carpool? there's still tickets "
"any day i get to buy hula-hoops and pool noodles for work is a good day  any day i get to play with <propmale>, muck a bunch of horse poo, and gather giant piles of goat weed is also a good day  go figure   "
off for a run  hoping the peeps in the bike race past my house don't mow me down   
get off facebook and go outside!
are my eyes open or closed?
we are   penn state! (#usarugby live at http annoyed  ustre am 3gfi )
watching live stream of penn state women's rugby kicking some army ass in nation championship semi-final  let's go state!!!!!
final score - penn state 30 : army 13   we are   penn state    good luck against <propmale> tomorrow ladies 
anyone else running in the bolder boulder? wanna meet up after?
reveling   
"\there's only two things that money can't buy    and that's true love and home grown tomatoes \"""""
"you know what, people who are trying to steal money out of my bank account? i'm doing tonglen for you    that's right, you    i'm tonglening your ass    take that   "
"you know what <propfemale>, lockjaw is no laughing matter   "
"i got stuck in snow today on the way up to <propmale>  yes, snow  had to turn around and drive back down to autumn  it's not right i tell you "
"taking my skis in for a tune up this week  bring it snow, bring it "
"i just signed up for the \mile high united ways 37th annual turkey trot\"" on 11 25 2010  go to runningguru com and sign up and run with me! http annoyed  www runningguru com event 360"""
full of love!
i just know that someone out there is willing to dog-sit for me from the 24th until the 29th  it's time to reveal yourself  please 
