24f45b71f167ebbe63e456ca92cf82ea
cant wait to go up to the iron range this weekend 
usa beat spain   woot woot
late night tv is just crazy   watching a <propmale> movie about a killer condom!!  it has teeth!!
i found out why god made women   to make fun of you when you wear plaid shorts and a striped shirt   who knew!
only 4 more days!!
1 year sober today!!!!!!  so blessed to have made it this far!
wtf no favre!! yay!!!!!  glad that he made that decision   finally a good one   don't have to see him disgrace the purple     enough have already!!  i'm taking about you smoot!!
ortiz   really??  does make some since cause he sucked as a twinkie   only jeter and griffey jr would surprise me now   everyone else is fair game
"see the movie \the orphan\""    it will mess you up!!!"""
cannot wait until i go back home to montana and breathe the mountain air   i just dont know when i am going to go  sad 
"if favre ruins the vikings season i swear im going to pick a new team   31 teams in a hat   if its ends up the packers, then i'll be a damn packers fan   and all the damn frontrunners i have seen here walkin around with their <propmale> favre jerseys when 2 years ago his name was likened with gwb and the devil"
sleepy
tootiepalooza 2009 is in full effect!!
damn tv just died   it lived a good life
i have never been so proud of someone in my life like i am now
very productive day of watching celebrity rehab
omfg i am in super bakery heaven   it is nice to live with someone who works at general mills   nom nom nom
must find a job!!!
"i'm done   i said at the beginning of the year if favre did what he did near the end of regulation, he favre'd us (is that a verb now??) i would put 29 team names in a hat, minus viks, plus <propfirst> and <propmale> cause i f'n hate their fan bases, and pick a new one   i wonder what would happen if i pulled gb out  sad "
all i have to say is that i am the man   unemployed for a total of 1 week!!  start monday
"be nice to ghosts, they were people once too"
seattle starting out 1-3 isnt good 
there is this chick where i am  who is like 6´10 right next to me   i'd do her just for the story
god damn taquito's
nice view of tcf bank staduim from where i am at!!!!
got to love sittin in a water tower
we have a new member of the adams clan today   <propfemale> <propfemale> adams     now i have 2 sisters    just don't know how to spoil a girl     
great    damn arizona has taken us one step closer to a facist state    time to emmigrate to europe
likes sleep and knows for the rest of the month isnt going to get much
is getting his work on @ 0130
thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday   being 28 is awesome!
i dropped a slider at white castle!
is putting in mad hours at work   this might be my only day off until the end of the month
at first game at target field   pretty damn nice i say  
"don't be a fool, wrap your tool"
day off     woot woot
"sleep, i need to know you again   i miss you"
i think working 80 hours this week will be enough loot to buy a new dishwasher!
getting shot in the taint playing paintball hurts like hell
ocd project on vh1 is awesome   
sad that the only time i have to check this face place thing is when i am in a train yard in north minneapolis at 3 smile 0 am
always get a warm and fuzzy when i show up to a public housing bldg in minneapolis and the security guard at the entrance isnt strapped 
"great, it's tuesday and i have already busted out 33 hrs at work   i think i will be singing the \i get no sleep\"" song by the end of the week   """
"i admit, i like to see the sun rise   just not when i am getting home from work    and have to be up in a few hours to start the endless cycle all over again    sad "
"<propmale> 2, <propfemale> 0 in b&e's   "
"i am starting to get the most awesone farmers tan ever   \\plus, stay classy lake street"
"i really want to get some new ink   what to get, what to get    "
r i p manute bol
how the hell did new zealand tie the azzurri??  omfg!
i'll give 5-1 odds that <propfemale> and i will be on marrage ref within 3 years
i was looking through a website for another telecom company and saw something that rings so true when it comes to safety   stupid hurts! i have seen a lot of stupid!
is it time to go home from work yet??
i decided that working within 5 feet of a cell monopole in the middle of a crazy awesome lightnig storm might not be the best idea   
what i would give to lay in a tub of calmine lotion   the bugs are eating me alive at night   i'm going have the west nile by the end of the month
"all i know is that when i have had a rough day at work, i look at the pics that <propfirst> has posted on here and it puts me in such a better mood!!"
"if i get some time off (haha) this weekend i might go get some ink done   yes <propfemale>, i still will in fargo too!"
thunderstorm hitting a little close to home!
"must try and one up scottie   \back when <propfirst> walburg was <propfirst>ie <propfirst>; this is how we used to make the party start; we used to mix in with bacardi dark; and when it kicks in you can hardly talk; and by the fifth gin you goin to probably crawl"
got to love being told by the doctor that you need to rest this weekend and im going to pump you full of anit-biotics cause you might have some bug born bacterial infection    like lymes   not a happy camper right now   hopefully all the blood work and other things i gave them come back negative   
"no lymes, thank god, but waiting on test results on the other crap you can get from them and assorted minnesota bugs   "
now i know what it feels like to be a <propfemale>
"finally   my team is getting our first weekend off since april   crazy wierd   wont have to work sat or sun for sure, maybe monday due to the holiday   i wont know what to do  "
watching a bollywood movie    awesome how they go between hindi and english in the same sentence
damn the feed u at buca  
why is it that i suck so much i cannot do anything right
i wish i could get me in a hot tub time machine and create doogle     when the hell  was the 80's cool   
come on oranje   i gots cash money on ya   
hmph!!
thinks <propfemale> looks way to cheerful in her profile pic
thinks <propfemale> did not see his comment that she looks so cheerfull in her profile pic    maybe i shouldn't post @ 2 am
that was a pretty rough game   congrats spain
<propfemale> just caught us getting pizza   we are in trouble now!!!
watchin the best movie ever!!
think i am going to grow my hair out again so i can be the sexy beast i once was again   
in super <propmale>y <propmale> land   surprised the police havent pulled me over from just being from montana   my did not grow up <propmale> stink did not attract them   
holy smokes it is rainin out!!
the damn watertower i was working in got hit by lightning   still shaking a bit   never heard anything so loud in my life!!
another late night for me at work!!  might get done at 5am      might  sad 
serious need of chipoltaway
that fiance of mine is pushin it!
i'm as cold as the cold wind blows
got to love that 9 to 3 shift!
dougie is a cranky dougie   is it bad that you start coming up eminem style rhymes about how much you get worked like a dog     probably not
sometimes it sucks to be smart
rockin it old school in my truck!
"just stole my idea for holloween from <propmale> simmons   \\\take your lebron cavs jersey you don't need anymore", pour some fake \24f45b71f167ebbe63e456ca92cf82ea,rockin at a jam session!
mmm mm benihana is good stuff
one of my best friends from high school won a <propmale> at evel kneivel days in butte!!
my sister just got more work done on her new tat   i wish i had the time to get mine worked on for <propfemale>'s sake   no reason to keep on scaring her in the am!
just had my first good e playful erience with a cop doing my job   sp for the air force   sayin im parked 5 feet from the fence to the airfield in mpls      he was cool once he found out i was workin   better then the ones when i was a kid on <propfirst> afb   they could be pricks     but then i was probably just some punk kid to them  
"<propmale> b&e's - 3, <propfemale> - 0 !!"
sober 2 years today!!
"had an awesome time last night   back is killing me from laughing so much   totally worth it   since i turned my mouth filter off last night, i got all the jacked up stuff out of my mind and should be good for a good week!"
i need to come up with a cool alias   any suggestions?
"fiance just left until sunday!!  what to do, what to do, what to do where i wont get caught!"
"since theirry <propfirst> is playing in the us now, where should i go see him   cant stand having beckham be the best international player i have seen   i want to go somewhere i havent been   so new york, chicago, kc, <propmale> or philly?"
neighbors are having a hindi wedding next door outside   decided that i should maybe finish mowing when they are done  
i dont get these tea party people 
"you know what sucks    having something come back on ya that you thought you worked out years ago   then dont cant do anything about it because it will screw something else up, and you are pretty much to scared to do it anyway    then it hits me like this   \remeber this mf   why dont you chew on this for a bit\"" """
"i finally let the angry part of me back out   has pretty much been suppressed since i was 15   feels good for some reason, like i am more centered"
damn its hot out   at least its not winter time   would rather be in the sun then freeze when i am working
no more favre!!!  whoo hoo   i no longer feel dirty being a viks fan with that fool as our qb!!
lunch today with my ceo and coo   lets see how this goes!
"busy day today   get to go back to twtelecom to pull out our equipment   will be interseting, but nice to see some old coworkers    then off to aderdeen, sd for <propfirst>'s wedding reception   to bad i cant make it to my cousin <propfirst>'s wedding in wa   still upset i couldnt make it, but at least i can see <propfirst>ie's   then off to somewhere in minnesota to chill at a lake and probably kill myself tubin  "
is there such a thing as wild ferrets   i swear we just saw a family of giant ferrets run acrosst the highway
in aberdeen sd 
just saw 5 people push a car on the freeway around in a circle   strange night  
"i realize my name is <propmale> adams, just like the author   you dont think that has been brought up 100's of times before   yes, i read a book of his, didnt get it, sorry     just get my check dude so i can leave cause you are pissing me off  "
state taxes paid off from 2008   now just waiting for home buyer's credit to get back to pay off the irs
"well, i just found out i'm somewhat related to <propfemale> palin    time to take her off the list  "
mmm   famous <propmale>'s      nom nom nom
<propfirst> favre = i don't care   will probably get season tix again after he is said and done   but that could be 5 years from now   crying 
just saw the finest damn cop ever   i would let her arrest and cuff my ass!
"what is the \r\"" word   i saw that people are \""up in arms\"" that <propfemale> aniston said the \""r\"" word   <propfemale> and i cant figure it out    anyone out there know??"""
lady in front of me in traffic is smokin a bowl
what a beautiful day it is today    going to be sunning myself up on a roof for 3+ hours
got to love taking in the scenery in downtown minny when it is nice out!
"who would have thought that after living in butte, my job would partially revolve around f'n copper"
"just saw the last exorcism    don't know if i will be sleeping tonight   on a side note, have questions about demons and devil worship!"
just got a new phone for work and didnt even know it was coming!!!  will save me big time bucks!
at buca!     nom nom nom
"if i wear my sharper vikings jersey, will i reverse jinx the saints??"
"2 missed fg's, hopefully it will work out well for the viks"
sometimes i wish i was still in the army   like today    fff
am i the only one who gets the urge to stab a f'n taliban or al'qaeda sob today   
"something funny going on at my neighbors, whom we suspect may be in the witness protection program   seen a moving truck creep down our road and stop there      not a normal occurance at 0430    "
feels like i'm in washington again    soaked through my clothes to my skin    
candygram for mongo
i should become a vampire as i am already a child of the night
"isnt feeling well, threw up breakfast (may be my fault  ), need to get my truck worked on, need another cortisone shot in my wrist   etc, etc, etc    great day!!"
rockin to the new linkin park cd    not bad so far!
"got a scheme going   involves \old rough and ready\""!"""
"this weekend if we go to <propfemale>, mn, i think i am going to check out tuna's   and yes, by the name, it is a strip club   i just want to go for the story!"
did your parents have any children that lived?
moss in a viks jersey again is freakin wierd    but i will probably have one next week   smile 
tootiepalooza was off the hook!
"great, now my dog is too good for tapwater    he got some of\the fridge filtered water and tapwater is now beneath him"
getting my sushi on!
why am i so damn sexy!
got a new money makin scheme   rent my brother <propfirst> out to prospective parents for a week and see if they can handle him!
holy crap it is <propfemale> out!
wind uprooted one of my trees last night    which saves me time cause i was going to replace it in the spring anyways
"do i even want to be a viks fan anymore?  wtf are they thinking!  say hello to the new la \insert name here\"" football team   did favre not like moss??"""
"may go pickett at winter park tomorrow for the waiving of moss, childress sucking a$$ and the playing of father time's old ass at qb!"
way to go giants!  bout damn time!  came close when i lived down there      lincecum is a damn freak!
so close to having childress gone!!  pull the trigger    
poor little scoot is sick  sad 
happy veterns day!!
i seem to be the only one who cannot find a picture of me in uniform   damn moving people for losing that box!!
wonder twin powers     activate!
hey mr  in the benz    maybe why your ass is in the ditch is cause you gunned it merging onto the freeway in a snow storm    dumbass   
got to love workin friday night!
hmm   gentlemens club possibilities with the fiance tonight    
"saw packers wr <propmale> jennings at the moa   i could take him   he ain't that big   his boys with him, whom we did not recognize would have ate mew for lunch  "
now its time to pull favre!
chilly is gone!
"everyone have a fun and safe turkey day!  if you are in the tc, escape before the weather turns to crap later today!"
"kids w  special needs aren't sick,gross or stupid  \their handicap isn't contagious  they want what we all want, to be \accepted & loved  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post \this as their status & leave it up for 1 hour? its special education\ week & this is in honor of all children who were made in a unique \way  you'll never understand a situation until you are faced w  it   smile "
love is on fire!
happy thanksgiving!  i can now say i am fully acclimated to winter    i am frozen!  the damn wind is killin me!
only my dog would hurt himself by gorging on sweet potatoes   
"ice has been my bane today   i fell and jacked my hand up    and was in a little car accident     what a day, what a day   "
grape ape!
omg   omg is that   it is    it's t-jacks music   omg here he comes  
when the hell did a real world reject become the wwe champ  surprise 
little bit of snow today!
now its time to blow up the dome!
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> serving us and our country   usmc cpl  <propmale> <propmale> died dec 6 serving in afghanistan leaving his wife and a newborn, son named in his honor, born 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero r i p <propfemale>!!! to his wife and son, a respectful acknowledgement of the sacrifice of their loved one   "
scoot wasnt the best boy today  sad 
"\technology has failed the elderly\"""""
excuse me!
<propmale> <propfirst> was a hero for a culture that had no heroes
showed up 2+ hrs early where i am working tonight because the road to the cell site wasn't plowed this morning and it is uphill trip in waist deep snow 
"chillin in fargo, nd"
<propfemale> xmas!
<propfirst>'s butt hurts
way too hot outside to be workin outside!  had toturn the ac on to cool down
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile 
<propfemale> just got shot up with nerf guns!
feeling pretty tough with my bugs <propfemale> band-aid i got from the doctor
the nfl needs to bust out some awesome uni's like the ducks
i think my dog has found some crack     he has been going 100mph for far to long for him   
i just read somewhere that there is a 14 year old chess master who is just learning to read and that should give everyone hope   then i remembered i got defeated by a chicken at tic-tac-toe   
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age, etc  you can remove yourself by first searching for yourself on their site to find the url of your <propfemale>, then going to the privacy button on the    bottom of their <propfemale> to remove yourself  (copy & re-post so people are aware!)"
time to get some sleep!!  woot!
<propfirst> favre retired???  hahaha      until he is playing for the raiders next year
<propfirst> singletary coaching lb's for the viks   yes!!  we need someone to kick ass!!
"i dont believe in all this 2012 stuff    then i see the preview for the movie \gnomeio and juliet\""    and i realized we are done   just done"""
why does -20 not feel as bad as i remember?? am i sick in the head??
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well be a good sport and play along         and 4 words only please    "
"when i have a boy, i am going to name him manmeet"
things learned so far during the super bowl:  fergie cannot sing rock   i havent heard sweet child o mine mauled more then when <propfemale> sings it
i put on my moss viks jersey to jinx the packers    seems to be working
for everyone in those states where it is freakishly unnaturally cold   stay warm!
"you would think with all the talk about childhood obesity, the girl scouts wouldnt be the biggest pushers of crap that is horrible for you  "
yum yum  buca!
february in minnesota and i have the ac on cause its pushin 60 degrees!??  crazy!!  then its going to snow tomorrow  sad 
bout time!  shorts and t-shirt weather!
today - not t-shirt and shorts weather!
who dressed you    the great depression?
"well, scoot had about the best day out of the 3 of us!"
"learned something very important today   fishtailing, truck being picked up by the wind ( yikes, that is what the witness said), forced into the ditch and then rolling my truck with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and scootie in it   luckily we have sustained just neck sprains and bumps and bruises   scootie went through one hell of a ride   if someone comes up with a roller coaster rides like this i'm going to smack them "
just heard a song by <propfirst> <propfirst> from staind   it was a country song   it was remarkably good   think i will by the ep when it comes out next week 
learned something important today!
god i want to go back to montana for at least one day 
happy st  paddy's day and a belated st urho's day!  wish i was back home with my peeps in butte yesterday and today!
large gas fire by crosstown and nicollet!  if you are in the cities steer clear!
"tshirt and shorts, in fargo in march?  hell yeah!"
everyone in butte having fun have a carbomb for me!
ahh     montana!  i have missed you!
ahh the sweet smell of cow      i must be in montana!
"great   the boys room at my nieces <propmale> high has a baby changing station, but the girls doesn't "
just passed crazy woman mountains between bozeman and billings   will miss the miountains
"doesn't make sense, does it? homeless in the us go without eating  elderly in the us go without needed medicines  mentally ill in the us go without treatment  american troops go without proper equipment  american veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1% "
fat dog went for a walk today   he was pooped after a mile     too much for his little legs!
"just saw a guy you could easily type 70-80 words a <propfemale>   no biggie right, i can do it   but he was 2 finger typing without making mistakes   i was flippin amaze"
i can finally see my grass!!  yay!  but i see damn mole tracks    boo!
"after living in minnesota for 5 years damn near to the day, i finally got off my butt and got a mn drivers license   "
damn   clutch 3 to end the half
