19069c6fcb7e5cc4fa5dc3603bbe31ff
hey ya'll have a good day
smile so i know i am on your mind  lol
i am feeling so lonely! my friend goes back to minesota tomorrow
yes i do how is he
i am out of the hospital and doing good
i am thirsty care to play
tired  i need to be pampered
i feel so alone
i am still waiting for my dunce cap for coming back who has it?
in the past few days there was an accident where 3 people died  they were friends of some good friends please pray for them even if you don't believe in prayer  1 person is still in the hospital  they were hit by a train
looking for a new toy something shiney lol
lock up the single men lol
hey! i am in need of advice  help!!!!
i need    fill in the blank  lol
i am feeling good    wanna guess why?
is it time for bed yet?
ah      is it the weekend yet?
"ok, so it is official    i have no idea what i am doing"
go <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey i am looking to hear how everyone is doing 
don't mix cough syrup and computers 
whoooo hooo! cowboys win!!!! yeah
eating dinner http annoyed  chatter com a 46dnc?ref=nf
back pain sucks
waiting for mri results http annoyed  chatter com a 4dntt?ref=nf
tests came back negative  now for the next bout of tests 
wanna rearrange my livingroom for me? http annoyed  chatter com a 4pab1?ref=nf
tonight is the night that i quietly creep into normality      or not
bi-polar day? oh yeah up then down  good thing that i was alone until after 6pm now i am exhausted  i think i broke my toe again
honest i will get an up to date photo on here soon    i know last summers is sooooo old
ok still an old pic but atleast it is different
new pic
"well, i can't walk but i still keep smiling  maybe tomorrow my legs will work, i hope they find out what is wrong with me soon"
my gandfather is dying   they don't e playful ect him to last the weekend  ahe has been a big part of my life 
<propfirst> ratfield you will be missed by many  grandpa passed away last night at 9:10 pm  another angel for the gods to cradle
ahhhh to have a pain free day  that would be nice
there me in a dress don't i look happy?
communinication is a two way street and you are at the control    what are you going to do?
meet my new betta <propmale>  he rocks! i got him on sunday
today is a day i do not want to repeat because then it would not be a surprize
i am thankfull for all my friends and family
rearranginging a room today
fibro sucks i hurt soooo bad
i forgot how hard diets are  i started mine on feb 1st
almost 2 weeks on this diet  i am still going strong 
well world it is getting late so i am signing offfor the nigth  peace
