340ee66783b9bf65d3801ed18924b8a2
wishes he didnt have to go to work    id rather be with <propfemale> today
"is wondering why \room 409\"" is runnin through his head"""
finally got texting back!
lost the game
nightmare by eleventyseven  smile  you know who it relates to  laugh   i love you my malaika!  laugh 
must have more metal!!! *continues headbanging!*
aaaaah!!! the book came out yesterday and i dont have it yet!!!!! aaah!!! must make a barnes and nobles run tomorow   
cant wait for the siege of mirkwood to come out!
my mind is blown! after 18 years one of my teachers finds her for me! thank you largent!!!
<propfemale> christmas!
i got accepted to union university!!!
forgot how easy it is to become homesick
"how does one write a 1 5 <propfemale> definition of \pride\""? i can summon it up in one sentence    pride is feeling accomplished through ones deeds    see    easy!"""
"a man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy   -<propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>"
cant stop reading <propmale> adams books    im slowly losing my mind
i actually got my hair cut!
"well, guess mom wont let me take a break this weekend    grrr"
"come on feel the noise\girls rock your boys\we'll get wild, wild, wild\wild, wild, wild "
is logged into lotro
is now logged out of lotro
is thinking they will slowly drive him insane   
wait a minuite    i cant watch the world cup!? i dont care if its on at 2am   
<propfemale> is coming tomorow!  and numbnuts too    im so excited!
why?
why her? why now?
very boring game 
even <propmale> noris loses the game
is staying at ambers house til friday!
"life is like food  no matter what you eat, it always ends up the same way   "
"the average person spends 20,000 minuites kissing     nice!"
10 hr drive to <propmale> tn for some freshman picnic thingy    doesnt sound fun    hope i find some other mks so im not bored
we made it to <propmale>  gettin ready to go to dinner with my cousin and hopefully some other mks from union
i got my college schedule    ive got classes at 8 surprise 0am every day    but i dont have any classes after 2 surprise 0 lol
who woulda thought that putting together a computer desk would take so long
"yall should totally look up the song \kill the wabbit\"" its hilarious!"""
"cant get \medusa? by anthrax out of his head   """
"its sad seeing <propfemale> graves under the \keep in touch\"" panel on the side   """
ive got no clue who is gunna win today    im stumped
did not want spain to win   
"die herbeigesehnte rache\begangen in blut\keine gnade gezeigt\keine gnade gezeigt"
i got a dog!!!
"blasting \the thing that should not be\"" is way too much fun"""
<propfemale> got me a pipe for my birthday lol!!! i love it!!  of course im not puttin anything in it    but i still look like a teenage gandalf lol
3 more days and years of waiting is finally over!!!!! can you tell that im excited?
my life for aiur!
inception has officially screwed my mind into a state of confusion
well    my arms bronzed nicely    the rest of my body    well    i nuked it very well   whos idea was it to go kayaking?
does it really matter in the end? no   
im loving the new speakers on my compy  laugh 
is watching his computer slowly die and has no clue why it is dying   
7 days till i head down to union    why do parents add so much stress to the packing? its not like im leaving forever
shut up fool!!!! -mr  t
bird is the word!!!
"yes mom    i packed my socks    yes mom, i packed my shirts,    yes mom, i packed my books  no mom, im not taking my knives   mom!!! get off my back!!"
is driving down to union today 
being woken up to the sound of very loud heavy metal is always good  smile 
all of my room mates come in today! maybe ill get a transfer over to the heritage dorms so i dont have to be with all upper classmen   
should have brought his guitar with him
"and the award for most awkward thing said at college goes to <propfirst> <propfemale> for saying \dude!! where are my clothes!!??\"""""
i love the fact that there are a buch of kenyans at union    they already have a nickname for me    chokora
can we shoot our professors if they tell us somthing untrue? especially if its part of their area of study    
aah ramen noodles    the college students feast of kings   
"never get into a \wierdest thing i ever ate was   \"" competition with a missionary kid    you will lose"""
i love how you have to be able to swim to graduate from union    this is gunna be the easiest test of the year!!
room mates and i made dinner for 4 beautiful young women last night    it was fun  laugh 
being sick over labor day weekend sucks
feels anti-american today    as always
add a cowbell to any song and it suddenly becomes amazing   
"that which is started by <propmale> men, will not save the poor from dying   "
my history professor is officially amazing   
why is it when race is brought up in the south everyone goes insane    people    that was ages ago    get over it!!!
ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts    
"i commend you for your loyalty to her, but if she believes that being a flipskirt is going to fill that void then you need to step away and stop defending her choice"
caffine is a must in college    thankfully mom and dad are coming this weekend and can buy my more coffee  laugh 
americans amuse me   
"its almost impossible not to start laughing when youre taking a test and \the final countdown\"" starts playing in your head"""
i have come to the conclusion that i need to do laundry today   laugh 
incase you havent noticed    i dont care what an american is supposed to think
you know what sucks    when youre the last person in you dorm to get sick    you get the really bad version of what everyone else got  
mom and dad brought my guitar!! woot!!
i know im supposed to help educate the ignorant ones     but its so much fun to perpetuate their ignorance   
"welcome to <propfemale>, the land of the free and the home of the proudly ignorant"
at least i got to class on time    bombing the test is secondary   
being stuck at college over fall break sucks    
"in <propfemale> there are two commandments   \\i  thou shalt be ignorant and slightly retarded about everything that happens outside of your little town\\ii  thou shalt be puncutal, or they will shoot you"
so    midterms    they suck
"then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel, was just a freight train comming your way   "
"\kickstart my heart\"" is a great workout for a guitarist    my arm burns!!!"""
wait a <propfemale>    i woke up for class on remembrance day? gaah!!!
"this should be sufficiently amusing annoyed if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of \a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this as your \own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
has been listening to indian music all day   
"so many assignments, so little time to sleep, so much stress, not enough <propfemale>   "
being the devils advocate is one of best parts of being human    people get so mad when you question their thoughts!
congratulations to pride for getting second at nationals!
when will people learn that they can be wrong and it be perfectly ok    dont get pissed at me when i show you that you are mistaken
hehe home made chai is always good on cold rainy days
whenever i see a girl doing the splits i hurt so bad    
doesnt understand why everyone is stressing about next semesters classes    yall know they are gunna suck in the end no matter what
ok   this pilau smells way too good
"aah, dorm sweet dorm    where i can blast rammstein"
what is up wih all the people with their profile pics as pokemanz?
"waking up to \du hast\"" by rammstein on the first day of finals    how could life get bad today?"""
"so    my phone is broken  i can recieve calls, but thats about it    idk when im gunna get it fixed"
the nazis blamed the jews for stealing their jobs    does that make us nazis for blaming the hispanics for stealing our jobs?
"willst du bis der <propmale> euch scheidet, treu ihr sein für alle tage   "
driving down to tulsa today   ill be there until sunday if yall wanna see me!
i got a new phone!! but i lost all of my <propfirst>   send me a text!
you're never too old to be immature
just wasted 3 hours out in the snow following <propfemale> around
the heroin diaries  read it 
finally finished towers of midnight 
did i really just spend 5 hours watching dethklok? really???
