669138b988ed9943c9ece5ecafc94b28
knows a guy  hangin' with the best friend and sister today  scream the prayer tour!
needs to get a new sleepin' schedule! she's dyin'!
goin out and totally loves her new pic
who wants to do something today!? lets <propfemale>!
i'm getting the <propfemale>     relaxxxxx
<propfirst> kempton sucksss  smile 
totally ate some waffles
he brought me three roses in the middle of the night
still geekin' about the roses he brought me in the middle of the night  ughhh 
<propfemale> is the awesomest!!!!!!!
cleaning then family dinner with the boy and bri!  smile 
cleaning room laundry family dinner with g&d! ugghh  i need to cook!
i just found a tree leaf in my burrito  fricken chipotle  bleh
wright state with best friend later
lost her best friend on a road going no where 
funny pothole commercial  waitin' for <propmale> to get off work  feelin' sick  ahhhh 
brianna: 8 dbl chins    thats how they would take your order    if you were a cannibal
hates elizahop with every fiber in briannas being 
someone needs to straight up gift me a red <propfemale> on farmville   lol 
bethy is comin' over soon!
hey you! send me a gift on farmville! i'll gift you back yay! props to farmville     in michigan with the fam and bethy  watching nightmare before christmas
can't stop writing  and or going insane
so don't stop breathing now  we're fallin' all apart  don't stop breathin now 
"hangin' out, stumbling  i'm so tired, and <propfemale> has decided she hates my brain function "
is done with calling skanks her friends  woo for cleaning out my life 
"is starting to give up  cleaning out my life, and still tryin' to figure out where i'm going "
<propmale> ferguson  blanket  and a bottle of water  and it feels so good 
"i promise you i'm worth a mile, but we know you'll only walk two feet for her "
i think i broke my phone  =[
<propfemale> christmassss
"and i was like, what what??? lol  bethy and i are amazing "
i just tried to take the lif off of a drink the lid wasn't on  got drink all over my hand  lets chill!
ugh  i hate mispelling 
i should probably just give up on sleeping 
needs somethin to do this week  thinkin' about drawin' something  lets talk?
"i love my best friend <propfemale> hopkins  she matters a whole deal  lets <propfemale> out guys, i'm bored "
i need a new battery for my car  ugh  one more thing holding me back lol  ugh!
people suck  i'm so over it 
friends means nothing  i'm so annoyed  ugh 
lol @ the real world
red hair yay
at  lyndseys  you don't even understand  these brownies are so good
mexican money bags!
"lol  bet picture taking, ever "
who wants to be my bessttt friennddd? come over lets <propfemale>
i thought i needed you but in reality i'm better off without you  i know i'm okay 
"iglu&hartly  share my heart, in ways you'll never know "
"reading, and being horribly cold, and cooking  this is my day  deal? day "
hey someone! let's talk on skype?!??
who's awake? let's skype!
<propfemale> and i are tryin' to do something tonight  let us know what's goin on?
i might be nervous  might be 
just woke up  now what?
"is it just me, or is this celebrity look alike thing, really really lame?!"
"babysitting, hangin' with lynds when she gets home, then <propfemale> and i are goin' home and cleaning, then i'm down to sleep all night "
i plan on marrying duff  just sayin 
"i just wrote the longest note, and lost all of it  fml "
"best friends are hard to come by and for that i thank you both, <propfemale> mia grierson and <propfemale> duncil  you both are my world "
"it's four thirty in the morning and i'm no where near sleeping  i find that the silence is somewhat suffocating me, and the cold is etching away at me  nights like this makes me almost near positive that i'm closer and closer to insanity "
"i've got a crush, on a youtube <propfemale>, it's a little bit much, 'cause you know who they are "
am i the only one that hates the new facebook layout?
"feeling like crap, lets talk?"
"lol, i'm done "
"i'm not as strong as i wish i could be, and i'm no where near the woman i want to be, but hopefully with help, i'll be there somewhere near the future  for tonight tho, i'm in the middle of my bed, completely alone, and empty  i'll say yes, i do have some amazing friends, and yes, i wouldn't trade my world for anyone else's, but tonight, i'd like to share mine  for once, i want to be as strong as you "
everyone is always leaving 
"oh <propfemale> hopkins, the guru at relationships "
"the past few days were miserable but i'm learning how to breathe again  please understand, when you get punched in the throat with words, you can't be e playful ected to on the spot retaliate  but know that i care about you, and you're one of the most important things in my life  and for that, i thank you with all of my being "
"forget everything i said about you, sir "
i've given up  
"for once, i'm getting over you  i don't care, and i'm okay without you, even though i didn't have you in the first place  i'm okay  you're okay  i'm better off without you around anyways "
me and the boys on skype as usual  who wants to <propfemale> out??
i hate this time of night  where i can't really tell you who i am 
"i wanted to write about you, but i figured whats said is said, and either way, i'm not losing sleep over this again "
"family game night with <propfemale> liebrandt, <propmale> liebrandt, and <propfemale> hopkins!! eat your heart out!"
cha lem e tu patrias            < someone translate that for me 
"my american heart, and cold nights  someone keep me company?!?"
"my day: job hunting, shopping, fruit salad, music, applications, liars and fakes, mama <propfemale>, cleaning, sleeping, and emptiness  ugh  lets talk?"
<propfemale> hopkins you're a new type of lame 
"i try to get productive and clean my room, but then i get bored  stinkin! ugh! <propfemale> hopkins don't even think of calling me back and distracting me "
is the old <propfemale> hopkins  haven't you heard?
i'm not impressed at your perverted mouth breathing  lol@transformers2   text me: 369 3499
you'll never eat me! i'm gonna bust your face up!
"so cold  finally got home, but had a fantastic night with <propfemale> <propfemale>  so about to watch some movie then head to bed  stupid space bar keeps sticking because it won't dry out  help?"
"<propfemale> duncil, you'll always be my girl  even if my toilet runs too long  lol "
hey! who wants to go to a cheap movie?? i'm in the mood to see something! text me! 937 369 3499
"i need to do something tonight  someone, lets go to a movieeee "
"good morning  since my life hates me, and my body doesn't like sleeping at night  so someone text me? sweet potato fries completely "
"spiggot spittin' nothin' but some frustrated air  moms coming over, then sweet potato fries since i couldn't have them last night  then cleaning runnin' errands job huntingggg  who wants to <propfemale> later?"
"reading the perks, cleaning my room laundry, napping? shower, then skype with the boys cleaning my room, and applying more places "
"tomorrow: mom in the morning, errands  cleaning  then does anyone want to <propfemale> out? no plans yet "
does anyone want to go to the library with me?
i hate you <propfemale> hopkins
"tonight: goin' to the attic, comin' home, and readinggg!  come visit me?"
"<propmale> out with the mom, and <propfemale> mia grierson, for moms bday  talked to <propfemale> hopkins not enough, and now i'm home  drank half&half arizona tea  enjoyed it tons  maybe hangin' with qbert r seiter tomorrow, but someone give me something to do tonight, maybe?"
"so far today: woke up, talked to <propfemale> hopkins, cooked burnt myself, cooked again ate, checked the mail, and now i'm going to call her again and make her come over "
can't even deal anymore 
"dude, everyone get off the road  <propfemale> denson hopkinsjust let <propfemale> hopkins drive home from my house  =x"
i need something to do tonight or i'm going to go insane 
i think i just made the best potatoes in the whole world  go me for cooking from scratch 
"i can't stop sneezing, someone help  tryinng to watch this video then i'm going to paint, i think "
"if life is a highway, i wish someone would finish with the construction already  i'm tired of the detours, road blocks, and pot holes "
hanging with qbert r seiter then to the attic for unearth  gonna get to see my <propfemale> hopkins tonight! so stoked 
"i completely and wholeheartedly am done  i've learned that you only need a handful of people that matter, and sometimes less  tonight i learned for me it's less  but okay "
"hm   amazing how when you close that door behind you , another one really does open up!  should have shut it along time ago!"
i wish getting you out of my head was as easy as pushing the delete button 
"i'm starting to feel like stuff doesn't happen to me, but for me, 'cause then i learn from it  and though i dwell on certain things longer than others, i still learn eventually  it's cold today "
trying to find hair bleach but my best friend sucks and won't wake up  call her house or no?? ugh  silly <propfemale> hopkins 
"i'm super sick  and i hate it  someone fix me?? ugh  but maybe 'cause i feel broken i can write better, i can paint  creativity is still there in the worst times  thank goodness for having hands "
breaking news  this just in: <propfemale> mia grierson bleeds pizza sauce 
"i honestly don't care what happens to you in the future, anymore "
"i'm off to finish getting ready, then out to eat with my <propfemale> mia grierson and the family  sister bonding time, i guess?? hahah  let me know your thoughts on the hair  ps  text meeee!"
"just got home  love spending time with my sisterrr  lets do something tonight? 'cause i have no plans, and i don't wanna be alone "
"this is how i know <propfemale> hopkins and i are best friends  because she's sick, i'm home on a friday night, 'cause i'd rather be by myself then without her "
"out to the dayton mall with mi madre y <propfemale> mia grierson  sick of all the drama, and finally gettin' away from it!! atleast for a little while  what're you doin' today? i'm goin' to the attic tonight with bri and maybe even my <propfemale> hopkins  text meee!"
"i hate <propfemale> hopkins, and <propfemale> mia grierson, and my life  js "
does anyone have a black bandanna i can borrow?
"just wanted you guys to know, i officially have the <propfirst> bieber cd!!!! lol!"
"you guys have no idea how blessed my life is  i woke up sicker than yesterday, with two hours to get ready, and barely clean clothes  my hair is orange, and i can already tell it's cold outside  lol but it's okay 'cause <propfemale> hopkins and <propfemale> mia grierson are staying the night "
"i'm never going to tag <propfemale> mia grierson again, just a heads up  hangin' with my girls, waitin' for the guys?? maybe?? hahaha "
"on the phone with my <propfemale> hopkins  just woke up  and i feel like a bus hit me  lookin' for food, and gettin' back under the covers  last night was one of the best nights in my entire life "
"i'm getting back in bed, and i'm sho okeh with it "
"got a new phone  lost all my ringtones, and majority of my old contacts  send them my way?"
"forget that  i hate <propfemale> hopkins cause i still owe her money  stupid people who won't im you back  skypin' it up with her, <propfemale> <propmale>, and <propfemale> townsend   i'm done  i'm trying to find strength in the choices i make, and in people i choose to have in my life relationships "
"i looked up the classes i want to take  and i realized that to get the money for the class e playful enses, i'll have to work, aka  i won't get to go to the classes for a while  plus the e playful enses on an apt, and car  lmao  woo for being a young adult "
"i'm officially over you   smile  haha  just a heads up  anyways, back to painting  and watching a movie  someone text meeee!"
whoever said i'm sorry we stopped talking on formspring  it deleted  but i'm sorry to  and i want to know who you are  badly 
people always let you down 
every part of me aches 
i'm done
with mi madre  hangin' out  went to huber did a bunch of nothing  someone text me??
dude bro  the tables have turned  such a good night   hahaha  joshy didn't know what the internet was  hahahahah  so good  possibly hangin' out with mi familia tomorrow  we'll see 
someone talk on skype?? i'm boredd  let's video chat  smile 
goin' out for a bit!! haven't chilled in a good minute  so glad to see my girl!!
tonight was a blast  i'mgonna pass out  nighttt 
easter with mi familia  last night was a blast  hahahaha 
out with <propfemale> at blind bobs  guys with <propfirst> and guns are awesome! lol prob goin to cinci later but text me y'all 
one life to live  lol chicken tastes like beef jerky  and my girls got this
there's only so much one person can deal with  man  ugh 
who wants to extract an  rar file for me??  smile 
i hate late days! i hate the bus! and i hate waking up not on time! my day has officially started bad already 
someone come sit on my porch and talk about nothing with me  i'm bored!
tonight sucked 
someone skype with me?? chgrierson  i wanna talk!!
<propfemale> hopkins come over and warsh my bangs  currsti needs some help 
forreal about to go to sleep  night guys 
i feel like i'm looking through someone else's eyes 
"my side is so messed up  i can't sit up straight, and i can barely touch it  ugh  i'm in pain, i have a headache, and i'm going to go lay in bed for the rest of my life  goodnight, guys  text me??"
"atticing with <propfemale> hopkins and <propfemale> mia grierson tonight  backseat goodbye, holiday parade, and the icarus account  i'm stoked for the last one  hottie brosephs  and then getting picked up at 9:15 by the best friend <propfemale> duncil because i have to compromise everything  watchin' her get tattyzapped tomorrow!"
my hand is broken but it was so worth it 'cause <propfemale> duncil got a fantastic tattoo!! any plans tonight guys??!
"so tired  such a long weekend  talking to my best friend, finally  i feel like i haven't had a legit talk with her for forever  everyone takes me so literal  ugh "
i hate this guessing game we call life 
"i just had a long overdue phone conversation, that really needed to happen  with that said, i realized that i'm still learning everyday, and i'm stronger than i thought  now it's time to find someone who is strong enough to handle me! hahah  <propfirst> <propfirst> ream i've not once doubted the faith i have in you  i love you, so much   i really do have some of the most amazing friends ever  'night!"
gonna watch ghost whisperer and clean my room  textme if you wanna do something
"on the phone with my best friend <propfemale> hopkins, talkin' mad crap about cooper mohr and others  likin' them status' that are all about us  lovin' them ridiculous folk!"
"skype, anyone?? i'm bored!"
it's nights like these where i'm  getting pretty positive i'm going insane 
pretty darn good afternoon with my <propfemale> hopkins   spaghetti  beat that  ghost whisperer and cleaning!
i'm going to start a new show  counseling with <propfemale>  first episode: features <propfemale> duncil  ahhahaha  i love it  texting  cleaning  laundry  music  food?? get at me 
"cleaning the house and going to the attic with my <propfemale> hopkins!! yes, be jealous "
who wants to go to cici's tonight? in huber  you have to drive  but i will pay your way 
"hey someone who drives, will you teach me maneuverability? i'm being serious "
i hate that i miss you so music  i really really do  and it makes me ache for your friendship again 
about to drink some coffee and try and do something with my life 
i bought a shirt  that says  worlds greatest grandpa  you can't beat me 
the attic tonight  come <propfemale> out!
i'm so unbelievably done  you don't even know
i absolutely love how childish people can be  all you are is a stressor  get that 
"i've dealt with to many people this weekend so tonight consists of: movies, food, parents, a dark house, and my minesweeper  kthx "
saw mi madre y <propfemale> mia grierson and they brought me mango nectar  for the frickin' win! ghost whisperer episode 8 comin' up soon! then off to find my body parts 
"saw mi madre y <propfemale> mia grierson today  did her hair  handed over her painting  anddddd now i'm watching criminal minds, then the next video offffff ghost whisperer "
"watching ghost whisperer, about to write, and waiting on one of you bored people to text! so my only question now is <propfemale> townsend are you the boy or girl in this?"
i wanna be more than just a fan to you 
goin' over to mi madres y <propfemale> mia grierson to help her with prom hair and other things  i woke up so hungry it's almost stupid  attic tonight solo!!
my sister just left for prom  took two and a half hours to get her ready but so worth it  she looks gorgeoussss!! now it's time to work on my face haha then atticing?? i look like crappo!!
i'm forreal about to pass the heck out!! so bored!!
jeep ridin' and <propfemale>in' with the best people ever    that's the best parts about my weekend! tryin' to figure out the next few weeks! lets <propfemale>??
"out with <propfemale> duncil, going to j&f services to fix some things  then over there for the nightttt!! i get to see mr  <propfemale> drake, you have no idea how thrilled i am for that!! super tired but it's my own fault  you have my number right?? you should deff text me!!"
"just sent both the girls off to school  <propfemale> hopkins  with a smoothie, <propfemale> mia grierson with an egg sandwich a la spider  long night, long day ahead  it's funny how a horrendous situation can turn into someone semi okay "
"why? i didn't sign up for this, and i didn't ask for this  i'm eighteen years old, and i want to be treated like it  i don't want this weighing me down, 'cause i feel like i'm drowning "
pretty sure i got a stinkin job!
national <propfemale> mia grierson appreciation day! pick your favorite picture of <propfemale> and put it as your profile picture to show how much you love <propfemale>!
remember when i had no <propfemale>? today is one of those days dearest <propfemale> hopkins
"when you make a mistake, it affects more people than you think "
got a new phone  so in love
sunshine cleaning and tired eyes  im sick someone come and <propfemale> and make me better?
really tired  <propfemale>in with bri and my mom  doing karaoke lolz  im so sleepy  lol  text me if you wanna <propfemale>
is trying to read but the cat keeps biting me!
hangin with my bumblebee  but hes distracting me from cleanin my room but i dont mind cause hes such a cutie!! you should text me cause im wantin to talkkkk!!
"<propfemale> mia grierson told me to take a look at myself so i'm gonna go check out my mirror for a while  then dishes, then laundry, then room, then food, then mi madres for the night  lie detections in the morning for the win! hanging with bumblebee, but he's super quiet today "
"dishes, laundry, trash, and music  then oreo balls and shower  then bed  then up and shower  then!!! polygraph test, then more cleaning! ahaha "
"someone call me, i can't sleep  i need company!!"
polygraph test today  im honest but still nervous for some reason  leave me some encouragement??  annoyed 
dublin pub with the parents  cold and tired and my nose is stuffy  took the test and a think it went pretty well  lets do something tonight??
"you know what i love? shallow chauvinistic pigs that think they are better than you because their skinnier, or prettier, or at least think they are more attractive than you  i really love when someone won't give you the time of day because you're less than what they think they deserve  i'll try to fit in an \okay\"" weight category so i can deserve  someone as awesome as you  oh wait  """
i can't even handle how cool <propfirst> kickham is  he's so cool he's almost so shady  for sure 
"thinks its funny that people go to gay clubs, and get sexually offended  it's called the masque  you're ridiculous  today is the attic, and can i just tell you how tired i might be?? a lot"
"taking a shower, then going to miamisburg to stay the night with <propfemale> duncil for sure  clean lay out babysit and more  i need to text my phone but i'm lazy  someone text me??"
i guess i need to learn <propfemale>  but people really bother me 
"it's 2:50 in the morning, and <propfemale> walks down the stairs looking for mommy  so he's now on the couch watching backyardigans with a blanky and a sippy cup with cold water  his temperature is down to 99 4  thank god  yesterday was scary heart-broken   so glad my bubba is okay!"
"tired, but not to bad  woke up and gonna babysit bub while lynds goes to work  then off to my moms tonight, i'm thinking?? does anyone wanna hanggg?"
"just got up from a nap, watching wow wow wubbzy with xyla, then goin' home to get my stuff, eat some dinner, and off to mi madres for the night  cleaning tomorrow? possibly seeing one of my best friends for sure  sure do miss that <propfemale> hopkins for sure beeteedubz "
scratch that on going to my moms  someone wanna <propfemale> out tonight?
so officially  i'm working at bettmans mon-fri 9-5  holler holler!! pretty excited guys!!
"layin' out in the sun, tryin' to get some colorrrrr  bri is almost home and she might do the same thing  it's so stinkin hot out guysss  you should text me and keep me some company  stayin at mi madres for the night!!"
"good company, good friends  i had a good night: cleaning disc golf soccer pool  <propfemale> hopkins came over and now i'm gonna do more cleaning  at mi madres  keep me company? i'm alone now, and it's a bummer "
dude  i'm done  my mind just got blown  i can't decide to sleep or throw up 
"\how'd he get off the ground?\""     \""    he jumped \"""""
"hey! there's a basement show at my house on june 11  promises, the initiative[possibly], father horror  text me if you wanna go or are thinkin' about it! 937 369 3499!!! partyyy!"
who wants to go halvsies with me on a hottub?? i'm down if you are 
i can't sleep  lets talk!?
who's doing something tonight? lets <propfemale>!
out to eat for mama d's bday dinner  then to mi madres for the night  so much food everywhere i go!! but does anyone wanna <propfemale> out??
i'm over this  is anyone doing anything tonight!?
"dont ever talk crap about my friends  if it ever comes to having any type of relationship with me and talking crap about one of my friends, you will lose me in a heartbeat  they are the one group other than my <propmale> parents that have always been there  through anything  and that right there is reason enough for you to respect them  friends for life, screw you "
"first day of work today and lemme tell you what, i'm nervous as all get out  phone will be on silent but someone text me and leave me some encouragement? ahhhh  what what working <propfemale>?? what! hahah "
"got off work at five  oh where oh where is my best friend <propfemale> hopkins? i think she fell off the earth  i'm so tired guys, and my feet hate my life  but i found out that i learn quickly! woo"
waitin' on mama <propfemale> to get out of her dr appt so i can go to work! then home to do more of my painting  i love my life  text meee!
just took the most amazing bath ever  i'm calling people then going to bed  night guys 
just woke up for work  i'm dead 
i can't stand majority of everyone today  just saying 
"i feel like nothing ever can stay clean, and it's annoying  i work in the morning, so i'm going to bed  i can't find  my necklace, it's too warm in my house, and my room is trashed  ugh  tomorrow better be better  goodnight "
"waitin' on mama <propfemale> to pick me up then it's off to work  this week should be fun!! lookin' forward to wed and friday for sure! i get off at six, hit me up if you wanna <propfemale> after"
someone take me out for ice cream  ahaha
"work 9-6, bank, maybe <propfemale>, maybe brads softball game, then moms house cleaning   text me 937 3693499"
"going to pick up <propfemale>, chic fil a, then day air, then <propmale> world  then going to mi madres for the night, and <propfemale> hopkins is helping me clean my basement! ibuprofen on the way  later haters, text me "
whitening my teeth  eat your heart out 
at lunch  im so tired and my  feet hurt  but its  worth  it  cleaninng the the basement again tonight ugh
"let the neighbors know about tomorrow night, and it went easier than i though  kfc was so good, and <propfemale> is on her way over  i'm so sore  ugh  clean clean clean  story of my life forreall!"
hanging out with my girl <propfemale> hopkins and the people on my deck  lemme know whats up  if you wanna come to the show tonight text me??? moms house 
itth ethpenthive  <propfemale> needs to shut up?!
last night was a good night  everything needs to come to an end one way or another 
have you ever woken up and known your day was somehow going to suck? today is one of those days for me 
at the fricken hospital with a two hour wait  why does my body hate me sooooo? this is not how i wanted to spend my monday afternoon
im in the backseat of my parents car doped up on drugs  and everything is hilarious and the bk lounge is amazing  my leg is seeping just to let you know  and i feel like im wearing a diaper  high five
"i honestly don't see how anyone could do vicodin on the daily  it's making me whine, and cry, and i feel like i wanna die  next time i'll just get <propfirst> brown to cut me open and i'll take it like a man  ahahaha  text me and keep me company please "
hate being home alone when its storming 
"two things   why do i always wake up or look at the clock when it's 440? it just makes me miss him more  and then to top it off, i just threw up burger <propmale>  i know it's because i'm sick but i feel like i'm not going to get bklounge again anytime soon "
i have a temp of 102 6  i feel horrible  someone help 
at the hospital for the second day in a row  mama d is here with me  i feel ten times past horrible  my temp is still above 102  no good 
im doped up on morphine and i go in for surgery at five  they are putting me  under  sad  mama d is on her way back to the hosp  lol my herrrrooooo  im gonna pass back out 
just got outta surgery  they said i'll probably need to be here all day  i have oxygen shooting up my nose and i barely know my name  but i really miss my bethy  mama d is a champ im telling you guys  ps my iv is killin my arm 
about to get my dressing changes  such a blast  oh how i love bein here
just ate dinner  hangin with geo and mama d and bethy  im full off hospital food and morphine  i think i might be alone most of the night so if anyone wants to visit you're more than welcome to  text me  9373693499  keep me co
went to bed at eight and my iv machine woke me up an hour later  my roomate is snoring now  watching letterman waiting for <propmale> to come on tv  i get to see lynds and my lil man tmorrow  hopefully better day  but for now waitin for my unpack n repack then bandage and more morphine  i hope to pass out  hope!
about to be discharged  i hate mvh doxtors  they are useless and good for nothing  today has been one hell of a day  im so pissed off you guys have no idea  and my incompetant nurse changed my bandage wrong so its soaking wet and uncomfortable  cant wait to leave 
"just got home  long story short  i'm doped up, i want chinese, best friend won't answer her phone, my bandage is wet, and i've already been pranked by an eight year old   i've though i was <propmale> potter for the past few days, correction, i'm <propmale>  anyways! i'm off to fix a nurses incompetent bandaging then spending some very good quality time with my parents, because they truely are my fricken heros "
"i just woke up on the couch, in a crappy position, needing my bandages changed  this is annoying  and yeah, mama d was there to help but it still fricken sucked  i'm ready for this crap to be over  i don't enjoy this at all  i feel like i'm gonna throw up now sooooo bye "
"so yesterday i found out some things: doctors don't really care, its the nurses who champ through; what friends are and are not shady in my life   that was pretty easy; crab legs are amazing recovery food; and that i missed a whole week of work which sucks! thanks though, 'cause some of you were the ones who helped me figure things out!  smile  tonight i would absolutely love to hobble to a movie, does anyone wanna go?"
"woke up in excrutiating pain  wanted to cry  took my meds, and now i feel sick  today is not gonna be a good day  i can alreadyyyyy tell!"
"went to cici's with mama d and bethy, and now i'm home recooperating  i hate that i'm worn out after going out for like   three hours? ugh  does someone wanna do something tonight?"
"my leg hurts, and my best friend <propfemale> hopkins is leaving today for like six weeks  no win  sount down till labor day tho, right? i don't feel good today, and i'm tryin' not to tale my pain meds if i don't have to  ughhh "
"you were having a great weekend and i ruined it? i had a crappy week and you were the  topping  don't call me for anything, don't e playful ect my help on anything   i'm done being your support and having you be nonexistent when i need support  in the slightest  screw off, later hater "
at lyndseys watching the goonies 
home alone  zoo tycooning it 
running errands with <propfemale>  my leg sucks 
i'm so thankful for <propfemale> liebrandt and <propfirst> bluebaum   you just don't even know how lucky i am 
i got to finally take a full shower since surgery  no more trash bags  but i packed it for the first time by myself  way scary! ugh  i wish i could sleep 
"bandages on my leg make me hate my life, i promise you!"
fckyou: i shave my head everyday normanbates: wtf? why? fckyou: because im a skinhead? fckyou: duh  normanbates: lmao      oh <propfirst> verity
i just had panera and i know <propfemale> hopkins is going to give me grief about it  ridiculousness  i'm so tired 
i love <propfemale> polley more than any of you know right now  you probably have like   no idea  and where oh where is my girlfriend <propfemale> townsend ? i'm going all kinds of insane without her!
"i dress up for work, get there, and find out i don't have to be there  now i'm on my way to the doctor to check on my leg  then it's time to clean  pray for the hopkins family today  for their strength  love you guys "
like my status and i will tell you what i like about you  dislike about you  love about you  and a confession about you 
today is a really bad day 
someone needs to take me out tonight  i'm going to fall apart 
i stole your soul  you said id never be able  but ohh the whole world is still on my string 
"sadly i leave michigan today  i have had all kinds of fun with so many people this weekend  i love my family so much, even with our glitches! i hope to get to see my <propfemale> hopkins today, 'cause i'm going insane without her  off to see joy and <propmale> for a bit! text me!"
going to the drive in with <propfirst> <propfirst>!  smile  i'm rather excited 
"37 days till my birthday, 57 days till i see my dad, and 99? days till my <propfemale> hopkins eighteenth bday  my days are lining up and that's fantastic  i've got hospital bills, saving up for a car, and getting the rest of my life started  my friends and my family are fantastic "
"last night: drive in, head bumps, hospital rooms and stitches, and i didn't sleep till 4am  lol  i'm coming home from work and taking a rather large nap "
"i might not have to pay a ton of money on bills, so i can start saving for a car  anyone know of a car between $600-1500, lemme know  and it has to be running, ahahaah  'cause i'm dead set on buying one  i need to get out tonight, and do something, so please lets <propfemale> out?"
"i went to second time around  and just got home  and was so excited to play kindom hearts[dont judge me], and open the case to see ultimate alliance? wtf?"
today sucked  going to bed  text me 
i'm cleaning out my facebook  i need a new group of friends  lets <propfemale>?
i need a good tattoo place other than blue bird?? lemme know!
what's goin' down tonight? who's wanting to come over and <propfemale>?!
plans fell through! who's hangin' out?
ohhhhh the life 
"i had my first eggroll tonight, and it wasn't horrible  oh <propfirst> c fortson how you showed me the way! lol! i guess you've got to lose things, to find the real things that matter "
work is    work  i have a wisdom tooth coming in that hates anything and everything  so i'm going on the wisdom tooth diet of     water? and more water  gym?? maybe  sandys? hopefully  and seeing <propfirst> <propfirst> later? better be 
"okay  guest fell through  who's going to mayhem fest with me tomorrow, we're going to see <propfirst> dorado !"
mayhem fest here i come!!!
ps if your reading this i dont care if weve spoken once or 100 times  post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head  when you finish post this paragraph as your status  youll be suprised what people say about you 
ultimately in the end all i really have is me 
"i just need you to know that i'm full, 'cause i ate lunch  and now its time to go back to workkkk "
"if you want, you can like this status  and i'll tell you what i think is your best quality "
who wants to do something tonight?
cicis was amazing and now im gonna watch a chick flick with mama d and enjoy it  getting to see <propfirst> laterrrr  smile 
waiting on my laundry to be done  you me at sixin' it right now  whats going on tonight??
looking through liquid is such an interesting way of living 
just got off work  my feet hurt <propfemale> bad  out to eat with the <propfirst> bluebaum and then shopping? anything to not think about that dreaded place called work 
"at home on lunch, then headed back to work till six but <propfirst> is in, so i'm stoked for laughs  thennnn the gym? and after that who knows  coming home and cleaning, and sleeping  hopefully  text me? lets talk! 937 369 3499"
"just got home from the gym  did an hour and a half workout  i'm not there yet, but i'm getting there  slowly! hahaha  but steady  nowwwww it's time for laundry and cleaning!!!! and listening to music duh! oh and tomorrow gettin' more done with my medicaid  three weeks till my bday?!? what's goin' down?"
i don't know why i get my hopes up for anything  sooo frustrated  goodnight!
gonna go hit the gym  what're we doing after guys?!?!
"starting the morning off right with some cap'n crunch  then work  then maybe a visit on lunch? then work  then gym  then seeing <propfirst>, and maybe <propfemale>"
on my way to martino's on vineeeee with mi familia  then going to warsaw with bethy hopkins  then going to mah d00ds house and chillin for the night  text or call 
look i got the door but maybe his a cups could do the trick? what is it about her and does he or she wear the bathrobe? omg it dangled and i can tell you right now that gun didnt feel good but its cause we have the god complex and we  know
"this is my month: aug 4 i put my downpayment on my car, aug 11 i take my license test, aug 13 is my birthday and bday weekend, aug 18 is when i get my carrrr, then aug 30 is my best friends bday, then in sept 3 i get to go on the best vacation ever?!! i have amazing friends who are quickly becoming my family, and i'm so blessed  now it's off to learn manueverability! woo "
has a lot to think about 
i dont understand incompetence?!! you are getting paid to work not goof off and socialize  do it on your free time not my hours  i dont get paid enough to do mine and your job  then when i comment on something you look at me like im stupid  your ignorance isnt my bliss 
at the gym  didnt do as well as usual but im not stressin  might stay at moms tonight havent decided  whats goin on??
i'm so itchy it's obnoxious  and i'm going to bed 
"i'm so completely lost right now  if i didn't need this, i wouldn't be here "
i bought a guinnea pigg  what shall i name her?
brixx ice company  who wants to go to a show tomorrow night with me  really wishin i was at that show in cinci right now! who is down to <propfemale> tonight???
i'm not even kidding  who's coming to the broadway show with me at the attic tonight? i'll fricken pay your way 
a loss for words and a sweaty workout  yes!
kemtucky with the boys and brit for jets and goodwill  whats goin on later?
i hate cincinnati
"about to put in some <propfemale>, go to bed and get up and rock work tomorrow  cinci with my girls this weekend, my birthday is on friday!"
"gonna go take my license test  yes, i'm freaking out  no, it's not awesome  psyched up and need to calmmm downnnnn "
hey guys guess who got their license!!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah what what i did i did 
guess who's birthday it is? and now i'm going to beeddddd  haha  cinci for the weekend with my girls  i wish i could stay down there longer! ugh! anyways  thanks <propfemale> <propfirst> for bein' the first one to call me  love you girly 
thank you to everyone who's been wishing my a happy bday!!
at hooters in kentucky with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  what have i gotten myself into??? haha
why do people talk crap? why?
"just bought my car  thanks again <propfirst> bluebaum for everything! and now i'm on my way to take a shower, and get bethy and <propfemale> and going to get insurance  thennnnn girls night "
on lunch from the dreaded black hole that sucks my life away 
full tank of gas and under oath  i'm getting out of this town tonight 
on my way to the hospital with <propfemale> hopkins because all i ever do is catch one thing or another  i hate this  completely 
"jello  ke$ha  no hoodie  come mommy  pillow squad  dude my d00d  and sleeping in the car  last night  was one of those nights, my dear <propfemale> hopkins !!"
"sitting with my best friend in her bed, and we're talking about life as usual  ain't that right <propfemale> hopkins?! i can't believe i get to see my dad in a matter of days  work is going by so unbelievably slow "
about to finish packing then we're on our way to north <propfemale>  road trippin' with my girls <propfemale> hopkinsand <propfemale> mia grierson! love my life 
hush puppies and <propmale> slaw  southern food and family  i missed you north <propfemale> 
i hate that i leave tomorrow  ohio i dont miss you  cant wait to post pictures  this place is breathtaking 
"i just got home  north <propfemale>, i miss you soooooo  work tomorrow  woo? lets <propfemale> out this week "
need something to do tonight  lets <propfemale>?? hit me up 
going to <propfemale> out with miss <propfemale> <propmale> and go to the greene! woo! text me fools 
<propfemale>in' out with miss <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> potter herself <propfemale> townsend!! woo  <propfemale> out later?
"\   dude    like    i feel like i'm petting a miniature dinosaur \"" for real """
cookin with mi familia  watchin osu!! come on bucksssss!! did you see that head stand? haha probably goin to take a nap then open to <propfemale> out?!
miami can have      lebron      real ohio kings wear <propfemale> and grey  yeahhhhh!! go state!
waffle house with the best friend  it fixes everything 
"\dude i just scraped my knee  screw you dude i was gonna wear a dress tomorrow  your <propfirst> blood \"" oh bethy """
at the doctors getting work done! then its off to work work and im gonna be there until six  then im not sure  im forreal feeling like sleep!!
brew it  do it  and go 
"got sent home from work for bein' sick  ugh  i feel like i'm being punished  and can't sleep, but keep layin' here, and the only thing that doesn't hate my life is kfc mashed potatos  taking <propfemale> to the greene later, if i start feeling better "
i hate when you wake up from the scariest dream ever and look around and think you still see it  man it steals the air right out of your body  really didn't need to wake up today like that  woo for starting your day off incorrectly 
"cottons then <propfemale>ing with <propfirst> later  hahaha  yay for bfj  oh how you'll never know  come up with plans, we'll <propfemale>  work tomorrow then <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> townsend are getting their make up done  woo "
going to a show with <propfemale> hopkins gonna see our boys!! i'm so stoked!!!! food on the way! woo  shower time!
mid  sick  love this town  <propfemale> much  skyline for life 
"finishing up this show, then going to bed  i'm up to late anyways  ugh  wayyyyy  tired! so ready to be asleep  oth is on tomorrow  so stoked  night guys  ps  hi mom, since i know you creep on my status daily "
   ive had five beers and the girl with the crappy chiklet is starting to look good so are we gonna go or what?    gross  high five 
"watching some tv 'cause my best friend is at work, then i'm feeling a possible twelve hour power coming on  text me before i pass out, thanks "
tshiiiirrrrttttt timmmmeeee
bowling with my favorite people and <propfirst>  this is what ive missed  work sucked today  forreallll  but this weekend is gonna make up for it
yo d bags! d bags? did you just call us d bags? no! t bags! as in trustworthy individuals! i love elsas  forev
work then comin' home and nappingggggg then goin' to that show tonight  so tired  last night=completely worthwhile  hahahhaha 
lol like a g6
going to the masque with mi girlies <propfemale> hopkins and <propfemale> hopkins!!!!! sooo excited  can't wait to hannggggg 
disappointed?? yes  surprised?? no  but im getting my hair done tonight  heck yes  i need to make a decisionnnnn 
"i don't even know what to say 'cause i don't want to ruin it  last night was    amazing  more nights like that are comin' around, i swear on it  dayton, oh just got a whole lot better "
indecision and humiliation  two of my finest attributes  im telling you what 
we are all going to hell  amish bus included  i love cicis 
"the fact that i have to find out my sister <propfemale> m grierson is locked out of the face through facebook, is quite ridiculous  hahaha  my day just got better "
"i'm watching practical magic and cuddling unger my blankets  it made me miss you <propfemale> m grierson, i just needed to let you know  i was asked why i was watching it, and all i could say was \it's my sisters thing\""  hah """
"find me the music scene i love from dayton and cinci, and find it north <propfemale>, then i'm sold in a second "
who wants to go to the mall with me?
"to facebook stalk or to not facebook stalk? <propfemale> hopkins help me  yes, no?? ohhhhhh  i'm full, sleepy, and happy  off to text my best friend, and watch the first season of being human  high five "
finds it hilarious that you would have the nerve to speak to me like im your child or a kid in general 
"she said i was beautiful, had gifts, and was strong  woulda taken all the hurt for me if poss  and said she wish'd i'd see it  she wants my happiness and for me to be anything i wanna be  for that i felt like a <propfemale>, on my lunch break from hell, and went back crying  thanks mom, i love you "
"gotta find something to do today, that keeps me warm  so     cleaning my room and visiting my mommy? sounds like a plan to me  but you know what i really miss?? my best friend <propfemale> hopkins   hahaha  i need food, laterrr!"
ahhhhhhhhh real monsters  legit  as  fuhh 
i'm cold  ugh 
hello creepy font size change 
hi <propfemale> duncil was here and i love <propfemale> <propfirst> grierson with my whole  love  and i mean that
i'm cold  and miserables!!! lol going to work  text me
back to worrkkkkk 
getting my car fixed  then my new phone!! then making my car payment!! then date night?? lol hit me up
hey you  yeah you  i miss you  so can we <propfemale> out right now? 'cause right now is lonely 
i'm never going to find him  and it's driving me insane  how do you find someone that you lost three years previous? ugh 
"okay i'm trendy  send a question in my inbox, lets see what i get  haha "
"dear <propfemale> hopkins  <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> townsend, and <propmale> white  i just need you guys to know that zach <propmale> and i are best friends  he approved it on face book  eat your hearts out! hahahaa "
woke up with a temp of 100 7? yay  freezing cold with no appetite or energy? even better  waiting for my boss to call me back and tell me if i can get the day off? priceless 
this is me giving up  i shouldn't have woken up today  laying back down and writing  thank you <propmale> smith for introducing me to saxon  it's my new addiction   smile 
looking to get an apt in january but i deff am lookin for a roomate guy or girl  so ready for somethin new 
phones are going in and out or working order at work? darn  we have to use or cell phones openly? double darn  and its friday?? dude my life suckksss  haha
what is going on tonight?! 937 369 3499!!
phones  computers  half the power  and more are out at work  aka  a lot of filing  organizing  alphabatizing  and no phone calls  yet  two hours of this? today is going okay so far!
gonna go see lil <propfemale> hophop herself at work  so cold outside guys!!
doctors!! so tired btw  then i'm going to work til five  whats going on after??
no work tomorrow  who is down to hangggg?
(1 2) mom and i are going to watch the hoover town manatees vs        well just them  because <propfirst> says its a really important game! and when in doubt the
(2 2) rednecks probably right
"gonna take a shower then go stay the night at the boys' house  super bad cold, i wanna keel over and hide all night and day!"
might go to the mall to get a cinnamon roll    watching the osu game today  we know who is gonna win right bucks?!?!? then tonight gonna go see the boys at warsaw to see al4w  heck ya  why is everybody so hostile?!!
thats what i thought bucks!! good score on the board!! gonna go get something to eat then head home!
a loss for words  high five  with the best friend all night!
"i got to my mothers and passed out quickly, and woke up at 8 smile 0  so now what? oh yeah, i'm up at 12:20 at night while everyone else in the house is sleeping peacefully! ugh! forty eight more days 'til <propfemale> hopkins and i steal fawna <propfirst> for her birthday though! holla! goodnight!"
i have strep throat  and i've slept all day  so now what?!
"if someone can find me a download of 1947 by bear carver, i will love you forever  i'm not kidding  i'm in dire need of it "
"off to work, work, work  cinammon bagel with cream cheese, goodmorning "
"i hate idiots that use things that aren't theirs and don't give a crap about the consequences  because the saddest part is that they won't have any, but everyone else is screwed in the end  i'm so frustrated right now that i'm in tears  ugh  bad night "
omg  this movie is trippin me out  sooo good
"today shall consist of orange crush, newspapers, phone calls, and sexism  sandwich sounds awesome, btw "
who wants bdubs tonight? i'm hungry!
ohhhh <propmale> ayers we're gonna get you so much more ridiculous  hahaha  so glad i'm in yellow springs  lol  i love my life tonight 
"so many plans, so indecisive "
"please!! just let this work day be over!! forty more minutes then i have a whole day away from the walking, talking headache  ugh "
"i am gonna go shower, do laundry and <propfemale> with that silly acroz kid  and refresh on my douche baggery skills  i hope my mamad gets better soon! ugh! text it, later "
"my life, it's awesome  going to bed soon!"
hanging with mama d at the hospital  my stomach hates me for life i promise you  so sleepy  going straight to bed when i get home
i'm not kidding  i need my own place  asap  i'm going fricken' insane 
i'm to a point today where i just wanna give up  ugh 
this is how poor kids eat brownies  yessss 
"another successful night at sunnies  as usual  now i'm dead and going to go and take a shower, then go to workkkkkkk!"
gonna gooooooo do something with fawna <propfirst> i've decided  not sure what  yessss 
im by the dayton mall about to get food  but i dont know where  someone give me an idea quickkkk!!! please!!
ready for this stupid week to be over  pronto 
how many more times do i need to say hi this is <propfemale> at bettmans pharmacy how may i help you? before i feel like my life is redundant     oh wait 
i legit need something to do tonight  'cause i'm really about to give uppppp 
"a long time ago, i loved you  although, it was an immature love  i'm sorry for being so mean to you  i'd like to be friends again or at least talk to you and see how you're doing   how have you been?\-i've been alright  i wish right now i knew who you were, so that i could say i openly forgive  for, there's a million things i'd probably love to say to you \\i want to know who wrote this, completely "
"good morning, ice covered windows "
going christmas shopping with mr dez  gonna be a good night!
so many things on my to do list  ughhhhh 
on our way back to reality 
my tummy hurts and i havent even gotten to our main meal  what a fail!
i did not want to wake up this morning at alllll!!! pillow squad last night!!
i think im  just gonna get an old suga daddy!! and be set for life!!
cleaning  laundry  shower  tshirt time  then off for my plans! happy fricken new years guys!
"i'm having a panic attack that is so fricken bad, and it's been going on all day  i'm seriously two seconds from pressing on both sides of my head until it e playful lodes  help "
"\that's cool you would be the protractor because you always tell others how they measure up & you are straight on 1 side and round on the other lol\"" i love him"""
i just want a man like <propfirst> <propmale>! he'd be completely worth it 
i hate sleeping alone 
hi my name is <propfemale> and i lock myself outta my house when no one is home and my car keys are on the same key ring  im awesome 
i hate when people cancel plans  because then its like   okay awesome what now? ugh  i hate people 
"getting ready and i look over, and i don't wanna leave the two new puppies in my house! ugh! help!"
i had a dream that i had a bubble neck like <propfemale> townsend and it freaked me out 
"sorry mom, i lost my bet  i hate being sick  going back to bed "
"what do you do when you have your phone on silent, and its dying, and it's lost in your house? 'cause i'm freaking out "
where the heck is my phone
i hate everything  there is no exception 
whats going on tonigtt!?
who's down to go bowling?!
"about the only good thing about being stuck in dayton, is i'm a good stinkin' cook "
laundry  family  <propfemale>  basement show  sleeep  sleeep  sleeeeeep 
someone give me something to do tonighttt! thanks 
"i just want to find someone who is legit  not this lying breed we call \males in my dating range\"" """
"i hate how bon iver makes all my empty parts ache  i've been cooped up in a fishbowl all day looking at the storm, and now i come home to a warm place that smells like italian food  and i just want to lay in bed for days, or drive for <propmale>, or talk for hours  though, its still not satisfying enough  so instead i'll clean my room and shower, and let bon iver make me ache some more "
omg you just ate <propfirst> mcdonald!!!
i'm thinkin' about grabbin lunch  anyone wanna join?
"at the end of the day, all i really needed was a shopping trip with my sister and some steak n shake  yesterday was good, lets make tonight the same, sunnie <propfirst>!! i'm just sayin' "
"ohhhh <propmale> sheets and <propfirst> smith, i told you guys my packers would make it "
legit horrible day 
"what do you get when two of the trashiest people you know are together? something for everyone else to laugh at  you have no ones respect, we just like making fun of you  going back to bed love "
this right here     is exactly what i needed
romance is for the weak 
"\steak and shake got rid of their shakes  they're just called steaks now \"" \""steakandshake   com says otherwise  eff you!\"" ahahaha  oh how i miss <propfemale> isdead boys  especially that <propfirst> <propfemale> kid """
<propmale> d frog just called my work
i just sneezed and it made my back crack  whos up to doing something tonight?
deff watching <propmale> and company  and napping 
lolz  i go to bed early so that i can actually get up and remove the ice off my car  and the day gets canceled  yes 
who wants to go out tonight? i hate this empty house 
"what would i do without the 5awesomegays videos on my lunch breaks? i'd go insane! work til six, then the greene for dinner and who knows after that "
"goodbye hell hole, hello new beginnning "
when you're in a hurry it sucks waiting on clothes to dry  ugh 
oh dreaded hell hole here i come
i just want a boy that looks good in a black and white photo!
i'll buy you a cotton <propfemale> 
"it feels good to finally figure it out, you know, <propfemale> hopkins!"
what's going on tonight??
who's trying to do something tonight?!
it's forty-nine degrees out  can we keep it this way forever??
slow cooker lasagna and vit d milk  aka  best lunch ever  back to work til six  zach payne are you getting excited??
oohhh girl get your groan on  lolllll
we have the whole lotr cast hanging out tonight  high five 
in a traffic jam on i71 listening to spice girls 
who wants to watch movies tonight? i get off at sixx 
"in the past week: you don't care enough to continue conversation, you can't love me back, you don't think i'm presentable enough, you can tell when i have a migraine? you had me clean up human feces, you never let me have the right words, you're just a drunk, you're an idiot, and you play too many games  mmmm  headache  which one are you?"
"at the end of the day, i just miss you "
i just want to watch a movie with someone!
"lol at me freaking out about <propfemale> coming out of the vault  \awww bambi\"" really came outta my mouth  ahahaha """
oh hello food poisoning  you really make an impact 
i wanna go get a tattoo right now! where!!
<propfemale> and <propfirst>  what did i just get into?
who wants to hangout? i wanna go get some dinner or something?
gonna go grab me a fist full of party  get at me 
so ready to be done with this!
"i got a brand new model of my phone this past week  i dropped it in the toilet tonight  going to see if i can go switch it out tomorrow night  lame  til then, no phone "
this is me giving up 
i wasn't trendy enough for <propmale> sheets so i fail 
i work til two and it's saturday  something better be goin down
why do any of you think your jokes are funny? thanks for yet again ruining another saturday morning for me! high fricken five!
work  gym today?
pain is weakness leaving the body     right?
i'm in so much pain but i really should go to the gym  gonna take lil <propfemale> <propfemale> to udf and then does someone wanna do something tonight?
pretty fantastic work out at the gym even though the guy was a jerk  you're cool  ugh getting myself together!! finally 
"i love that i don't work this weekend, i hate that i'm broke haha "
"well no plans for me so i guess gym again, right <propfirst> <propmale>?! haha all day everyday!"
seriously tryin to get into something tonight! who's doing anything
"here's the plan: doing a load of laundry, going to my mothers, car wash to clean out the car again! and then i want to take my dog to the park, who wants to go with!??!"
