fc696c182725f62d059a9906609d8f54
time to do it all over again in 2010     playful 
had fun with mi padre smile 
<propfemale> caps  
"work, work, work     any one want ur carpets cleaned? i work for a pretty awesome carpet cleaning place (request carpet cleaning) and can you a great discount (like over 50% off)     their # is 970-221-2410 and ask for me smile "
"<propfemale> why does it have to be so hard to just love someone, it should just be pure and simple, not so complicated and painful"
goin to go shooting(guns) with some friends   
men suck
"ok, men are difficult  smile "
is huge
got sooo many misquito bites from campin sad 
hates when other chicks cook 4 her man!!!! ( of course he loves it)
mooseknuckle!!!!!!! hahahaha
watched a bootlegged hangover!!!
had an awesome day chillin with my dad  we went fishing and i learned how to gut a fish!!!
"last day in colorado for a long time, i'll miss everyone specialy my man!!"
why am i on here instead of primping for class or eating breakfast? hmm
<propfemale> has firefly's!!!!! yayyyy!
"yes!!!!  i'm a very happy girl right now, pink rules  smile "
belly flop contest= random dude in a banana hammock   
goin to meet some <propfirst> phi's tomorrow     smile 
had fun playin some late night poker with my man via facebook!!!!!
oh no drama already!!!!
"all i want in life at this point in time is some french toast, do i have a car to go get some? sadly no sad  do i have a kitchen to cook it? nope *sigh*"
happy bout my new workout regimen!!!
"today is 9 9 09 which is cool to math people, numerologist, and mysical folk  smile  9x62 = 558; 5+5+8=18; 1+8=9   sept  9 also happens to be the 252nd day of the year (2 + 5 +2)   "
"colt 45, two zig zags, baby thats all we need   "
"just got a 110% on my 1st political science quiz, booyaa!"
"shoppin with my ladies then off to the game, yey ya!"
why did i not bring my umbrella with me? der der der!
spent my 5 yr anniversary with a 20 <propfemale> phone call and 1 5 hrs of watching tv episodes in my dorm with my rommie  lame   i need to get out more  smile 
"late nite walk to krystals, had a teeny hotdog n burger thing    hopefully <propfemale> isn't scarred from the creepy truck dude  smile  lol"
"the \mixer\"" was alright  i got some dance out which was fun  smile """
"today, i was sitting in my room and heard a little boy outside sneeze  i said bless you, and five seconds later, i heard a very hesitant    \god?? \"" mlia"""
linear equations makes me want to stab something
"i'm not sure if even i call pull off writting a 5 <propfemale> paper in a half a day over \pseudonymity in the old testament\"""""
"wow i just sat down to dinner and i'm going to start my religion paper for tomorrow, but it'l be alright cuz i took an adderall so i wont' be able to sleep for like 6 hours, get er done!"
"sooo, i still have to start my english paper thats worth like 20% of my grade, i'm totally burned out from staying up till 4am doin my religion paper, thats what i get for procrastinating, never again!"
"a nobel prize, really!!????"
"<propmale> <propmale> doesn’t wear a watch, he decides what time it is "
"the favorite thing i got was the black phi mu towel set, thank you big!!! (1,2?)"
"holy cow, thanks big's for the most amazing gifts today!!!!!! i'm excited to find out who you are!"
"wow, today was awesome! i'm a verry lucky girl to have 2 amazing bigs <propfemale> and chrissy-phi mu rules!"
had fun tonight at phi mu's coyote sober!!!! i only messed up a few hundred times  smile 
does any 1 have any pics videos of the phi mu's step dance? i wanna show off our skillz on facebook   
"wow  ummm sorry about my dancing in the step, just saw the vids of it-never again  smile "
"thanks alot person upstairs for overflowing your toliet, which caused our ceiling walls to leak and fill with water bubbles-kelly had fun cleaning the ankle deep flood in our bathroom and our carpets are gonna have a nice moldy smell now "
"hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia, which is fear of long words  seriously "
"big win for my hometown fort collins, co  it's now known as the home of the infamous balloon boy, way to go! i love how weird my town is  smile "
"my boyfriend is pretty amazing, not many people can handle me when i'm upset and still love me smile "
"last night was great! got some canned goods to help out ppl in need, got to know my sisters more, and now i'm gettin ready to go to a concert then a hounted house with my ladies  smile "
"ummm yeaa, that haunted house wasn't scary at all    too bad cuz i could use a good scare every now and again smile "
"had fun hangin out, eating some delicious food and watching \7 pounds\""  smile """
"i still can't get over that i can't get into psy 3220 therefor can't get into the nusing and mmay have to go home and start over, taking me another 2-4 yrs to even get into nursing school     but <propfirst> rules and will make a great psycolologyst if she can make me feel better when i thought it was impossible to see any silver lining smile "
"i've already said this but i really do love my bigs and twins, i'm luck y to have a family thats awesome!  love "
"go yankees!!! jk i couldn't care less, but i figured i'g say something abou that world series stuff  smile "
"excuse me, i believe you have my stapler-milton"
"finally back home from the extreamly looong trip to macon    but i'm a sister now <propfemale> yayyy! it was great seeing my grandma even though it was stressful and we didn't get to do much  i love my sisters and how they all care so very much for eachother, i'm blessed  smile "
"verry dissapointed at myself but i'm super excited for everyone else    <propfirst> you got it fair and square and i love you, you better let me help you out!  smile "
"volunteering in woodstock was interesting, my poor pants are ruined frompaint but i'll live  smile   25 more days till i'm in colorado!"
"yay!!!! i finally got into that class i need so i'll get into the nursing program at shorter, so watch out <propfemale> i'll be here for 2 5 yrs    "
"sushi then goin to the peach with my ladies!!!! got into that class, goin home soon-ish, boyfriend is still awesome, i have the best family both at home and here, hanging with my awesome friends all this week  life is good  smile "
"had fun last night, with some sushi and dancing, then talked to my boo till like 3am    and slept through my fisrt class oops "
why can't my life be normal? ugh
how are men and parking spots alike? the good ones are always taken and the ones that are left are handicapped 
i just wanna go home   
"them paddels spanked my wallet, but darn are they gonna look good (i hope  smile "
"nothing better than an attractive man in a wife beater, mmmm  can't wait to go home my own   "
"hey phi mu gals   if you still need to get paddles walmart has a <propfemale> <propfirst> bread board cutting board that will work, it's like $10   smile "
"finished my paper with 20 <propfemale> to spare! can't wait to see the poltzer side of the family for thanksgiving, woot woot!"
"had fun shopping with my cousins, umm sorry everyone i spent money on me instead of getting you presents    i'll give em to you in january?"
"i feel aweful i wont have anything to give my friends tomorrow at the phi mu party, but i promise i'll have stuff after christmas break  smile "
today was <propfemale> much fun!!!! only one more extremely long week of intense schooling then i'll be in the snowy colorado  love 
i'm in colorado!!!!!!!  so happy!!!! yet <propfemale> sad that it already snowed like 5 inches and it's 13 degrees out  sad 
"i'm home and i get to drive around in the snow tomorrow, ahh!  it's so nice having someone to snuggle with    i have my boyfriend, my kitties and many family dogs to keep me company when i'm cold  smile  i don't have to think about school for about 30 days, schweet!"
"not to brag, but           who's got all a's this semester? i do!!!  this break gets better and better   well, gotta go and make some dinner for my man smile "
just had an amazing and romantic day with my man   can't wait to visit with my friends and family more  love 
i'm off for a weekend of skiing and going to hot springs in the mountains   this break is going waayyyy to fast   
i made it skiing w o falling a single time    but i fell down some icy stairs the nxt day sad   way to be gracefull
"love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud  it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth  it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres   love "
live together  die alone 
pirate poltzer and pirate weimaarrrr
"thanks for dinner <propfirst> mclaney!!! excited for dessert with <propfirst> and <propfemale> <propfemale> roaderick,mmmmm"
<propfirst> said i should put <propfirst> lively     i wish i looked like her  smile 
<propfemale> and phi mu crush was sooo much fun!!!!! those dudes are pretty cool  smile 
"does anyone on here live in tn  or know anyone who can take me there? i need a ride to the airport, or even chattannoga, somewhere around there nxt month     i'll pay $25+"
"you give me something to look forewards too everday, you are my constant in a world that is always changing, i love you and i can't wait to see you soon!"
"today was amazing!!!!! hiking with <propfirst> and <propfemale> was a trip  playful  i got into the nursing program, i actually jogged a wee bit and   yeah, lifes good  smile "
"i have the best friends in the world  smile  life would be terrible without ya'll   sd, the some \time\"" by <propfirst> guetta is so perfect for me  smile """
"tears for fears, new favorite band from the 80's  smile "
"i love life, even though at times i can be a bit pessimistic  playful   i have the most amazing friends, family and boyfriend    i may not be a big fan of <propfemale>, but hot damn there's some cool people out here!!!"
i can't focus on my mid terms terms cuz i'm going to see my boyfriend and my folks in colorado in 3 5 days!!!  ah! i just can't wait    
i'm home at last!!!!! i love romantic times with my man  smile 
"i wish i can mix my lives in ga and co together, things would be sooo much better  sigh"
you've gone native    i like it  playful 
"umm, yea    i really did just address an elvelope upsidedown  hmm  playful "
"can someone like, severly hurt me on my way to class thurs so i have an excuse not to do my speech? thanks"
"wow, just read news about the polish president and all the politicaly important people of poland deing in a plane crash    so, ironic (if u read the news u'l know why)and sad and politicaly detremental for that country  sad "
"electric <propfemale> carnival(biggest techno trance,house concert) ahhh!  it's the day after my 21st b-day and has my two favorite dj's in the whole world, atb and <propmale> bennasi    my birthday is going to be amazing  smile  unst unst unst!!!! (techno beat sound)"
"poli, poli, di umbuendo"
me n kelly-ann <propfemale> weimar got our apatment smile 
"good times at college      wink  oh, and formal tomorrow with a hot date  smile "
"so, tornado warning     thats new, things in the south sure are different"
5 1 2 days till my man comes and sweeps me away from <propfemale>!!!!!  smile 
"oh yes i really did put \schwat is it?\"" on my final lab for microbiology    i hope he understands and doesn't think i'm special  hmmmm  playful """
"i can't get over how amazing my man is, driving all the from co to come get me smile  he'll be here sunday!"
"back home after an awsome raod trip, loved pensacola beach and new orleans! i sooo miss all my girls and the heat tho  smile "
i'm as happy as a beached whale *sigh*
cuz if you wanna see a prehistoric monsta in the water my <propfemale> will go in the pool alrigh-guido hatzis
had the best 3 day weekend with my family and to-be family! i miss my funky phi mu family and friends back in rome though  love ya'll!
life's awesomeness right now  smile   love 
"thanks 4 the birthday wishes everybody!!!! i had a bunch of fun, but it coulda been funner with like, 20 phi mu's to party with too!  smile "
"mmmm, finaly hot weather  smile "
"i am a kitchen diva!!!!! roomie, i will cook u some tasty things to repay u for the awsome b-day presents   "
"i have a pretty, sparkly ring! woot woot  love "
"george: who's that little girl standing nxt to miley cirus? me: ummmm, <propfirst> beiber?!"
guetta + fergie= i love techno infiltrating the radio!
shopping and hanging out with my momma <propfemale> lombardo is the best ever!!!! love you  love 
"10 nursing school books down, 9 more to go    who woulda thought that even with a full ride scholarship, education would be so darn e playful ensive? *sigh*"
"most exciting moment this weekend was when i was down 15 cents on the slots, and pulled one last time and it went up to $13!!! oooh yeah"
my little better love me for my carnation collection shopping spree!  smile 
i don't know what to do  kiss (
anybody in rome havea nice couch or table? porr kelly-ann doesn't have a place to eat till we get apt set up   
"wow, i havn't been in this much pain in a looong time, geez  i can barely move    who knew that spending 6 hrs scrubbing floors, walls, floorboards and then painting banners for 4 hrs would hurt so bad?"
jungle jam was fun!!! sooo many cute outfits ands awesome girls  smile 
that was fun and exuasting all at the same time  smile  (rush)
i'm so excited for the new ?? phis  smile  we really do have the best!
"had the best few days with my man!!!! now it's back to school for me, and boot camp for him  annoyed "
excited for dinner with my two lionpals!!!!  love 
"my phone died, can't charge til tomorrow afternoon  if u need anything just post on my fb  smile "
 love 
"i have the best friends, thanks nilu hamirani for helping me with drug calculations at 2am!  smile "
"ah!!!!!!!! so ridiculously excited  smile  big, lil  love "
"hey ladies! free garasil shots today fsu, 9-4  smile  it prevents from you from getting hpv which can cause cervical cancer and other health problems "
"my man's leaving for boot camp tomorrow  annoyed  i'm excited for him, sad for me  lol"
"a perfect day to chillax wit my ladies kelly-ann <propfemale> weimar, <propfemale> <propfemale> roaderick , and <propfirst> mclaney"
"today is gheorghe lucian cormos and i's 6 yr anniversary  love  !!! ima miss him real bad, sigh, my poor fiancee is having a ton of fun in boot camp right now  annoyed "
"heard some techno worship music, awesome  smile "
i wish i was short  sad 
pep rally tonite     wooooo
finaly got to talk to <propfirst> after 2 weeks! yay!
 love  eternal e playful resions with kelly-ann <propfemale> weimar and <propfemale> <propfemale> roaderick yay turtles and dandilions!
i love my little!!!!!! can't wait till friday  smile 
"aw!!!! i got to talk to my man 3x in 3 weeks!!! i'm so lucky, i guess some navy \sailors\"" have'nt even gotten to talk to thier family yet """
tomorow is gonna be a blast! feels like i've been waiting forever for revelation  love 
"yay i love my little <propfemale> jii-na she'ba she's sooo cute    sorry i tricked you girl, lol  smile "
"the superhero mixer was pretty fun, xcept for the rather creepy full body suite dudes, hmmm  smile "
"had the bestest 3 hrs with my phi mu sisters, were awesome   smile "
initiation!!!!
"i get to see my momma <propfemale> lombardo  for the first time in 3 months!!! i only get to be with her for 1 5 days, but even a second with my mom would be a blessing at this point     bet i wouldn't have said that when i was in my teens, lol   love "
wish i could awkward turtle my way out of a phone convo    
if you but knew 
dragostea <propfemale> imi lumineaza via<propfemale>
"zhu zhu pet = me in inanimate object form, they squeek alot and run around in circles  smile "
"i can't wait to see my man very soon!!!! unst unst unst, it'll will be 9 days of great fun  smile "
"hey ya'll, don't forget to check out the eclipse tonight    it  will <propfirst> the beginning of winter solstice for the first time on over 400 years  the last time these two events occurred simultaneously was in 1638  neato!"
ba <propfirst> is here!!!!!!
droid!!
ima miss my boo sad 
"grrrr, book report due in 7 days    wish i could motivate myself the read the thing  sad "
too bad things have to be so complicated  eh
bounce  wink 
my fiancee is <propfemale> incouraging and supportive  smile  hoorah!
what i forgot about this game you haven't even learned yet 
anyone know any affordable places in co to get married where the ceremony and reception are held at the same venue? thanks you  smile 
better now  smile 
"hmm, i hope he agrees to it  smile "
i think there's a disorder for that   
"huh? snow, was snow even in the forecast? nice  smile "
"the only person who is responsible for you is you  a concept most americans fail to understand, sometimes myself included"
"dear people who post prego pics and ur baby bump is smaller than my own tummy    i semi hate you for that, lol "
had a romantical 5 days with my man  love  yay!
so very glad i had a intellectual convo last night  for once 
"if you are around a person who has passed out  become unconscious due to alcohol, pease remember to lay them on their side and keep an eye on them (so they don't choke on possible vomitus)    you could be saving their lives "
"only thing i want right now is something to entertain me    a yamaha vmax would be great so i could put my license to use, thanks  smile "
excited for sat   smile 
"again, i have the best man ever  love "
"yeah i'm on a drug, it's called <propfirst> sheen!"
great success!!!!
goin to chattenooga to spend time with family  love 
what a great day!
beach!!! yay  what a nice break from rome
new goal *legal nurse consultant* it'll be perfect for when i move to <propfemale>  love 
"it's only 8 smile 0 am, and this has already been the worst day of my life, great   lets see what the rest of today has in store for me   annoyed "
i just got the cutest  most unique candle ever in the mail today    it's a mystery present but i love it!
