e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238
-_-   zzzz
happy birthday to me?
"the only reason i seem to be coming to fb anymore is because of some farming app  why do things like facebook and myspace even exist in the first place? it used to be you had to go outside and mingle with strangers to find the ones who were cool and the ones who were creepy, but now if you have someones name and location you can find them on this site    thats kind of creepy if you ask me "
full day of school with 2 hours of sleep    the only choice is what class do i take a nap in!
"put in some online job apps, do they even check those things?"
"i've recently found out that procrastination is a lot like masturbation  while both of them are two very different acts, both of them involve you fucking yourself  i should really not do my papers at the last minute   "
i have school tommorow and it's fucking 3am!? i need to sleep but i am not sreepy!
i saw a woman with a beard on the bus today    i was horrified
needs new profile image   
3 more hours till my next class    i believe it to be nap time
in class for another half hour then a day off  someone feel good that i feel good!
"did someone say snow day? cause i thought i heard someone say snow day  well actuaily my snow day is bullshit, my brother and sister have one but my college has this retarded policy where if it's not pure white by 5am then schools open  eff that"
why do they call it a 'cross' when it is clearly a t?
ffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-! once again both my brother and sister have a snow day  there is no snow outside! none! zero!
three snow days in a row  my siblings get three snow days in a row! fffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!
"want to go home reaaal bad, new english teacher is teaching us how to use an instant messenger  ffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!"
them's some fightan words
i have found chocolate! today is going to be a good day!
"beat the elite four (<propfemale>) on my first try  it's amazing what 60,000 pokebucks worth of hyper potions will do "
your detective name: ( favorite color and favorite animal ) rainbow tyrannosaurus-rex
"76 ultra balls thrown at a palkia that had 1hp  a statistical improbability  so i decided to throw a pokeball at it and see how it went from there             i caught the damn thing with a pokeball! in short, do the impossible! see the invisible! raw raw fight da powa!"
model glue tastes like balls
the more i look at it the more the new <propfemale> in wonderland looks like it just popped out of the narnia mold    kind of like how sherlock holmes was pirates of the carribian without pirates or carribian 
question of the day: who says money cannot buy happiness?
2am and it's cooking with nate! recent update: american cheese will become one with ramen broth if left to melt  makes something that smells like ass but tastes good  mozzarella on the other hand does not dissolve but will find it's shredded brethren and form the cheese ball  i will investigate this further   
journal entry #2 in the big book of kitchen science! most perplexing  after running out of sugar for tea i decided to add brown sugar instead  after a few spoonfuls i began to stir  as i neared the end i found there was a browning foam at the top of my mug  what was this foam? a byproduct of the sugar? or perhaps some kind of vestigial tea organ much like our appendix or tail bone  i will investigate this further   
"journal entry #3 in the big book of kitchen science! whilst making mac&cheese at 2 smile 0am i had noticed that i had no milk  seeking a lactose based liquid anywhere in my house i found a pint of heavy cream  my hypothesis: the high amount of fat in the liquid will, when the cheese powder catalyst is added, make a cheese gravy  i was correct! a scrumptious victory in the name of science! i will investigate this further "
i helped a person in <propfemale> today with english pratice  i told him i was nate and he asked 'national assosiation of teaching english?' little did i know that he was a clever bastard and made my name into something that sounded important    bested again by the chineese!
i have found the thing on facebook that ignores frined updated! finailly! no longer am i plagued by the annoying updates of a certan someone who fucking favroits everything!
"journal entry #4 in the big book of kitchen science! dearest journal, i apologize most profoundly for my lack of updates  my most recent e playful eriment was both <propmale> in time and results  after eating a rather large bowl of cinnamon toast crunch i decided to leave just enough in the box as to not make a full bowl when emptied "
never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever stay up for more than 24 hours and get this wild hair up your ass to take everything out of your room and clean it
"so    much    taco <propfemale>    did not want, but had to! four burritos    blllleeeeeeaaaaaaaaagh"
i think i am getting sick  fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!
"google chrome is amazing! it uses up a fucking tenth of the memory that firefox does! google may be trying to control everything in our lives but damn, with things this good who is to say no?"
too much    chocolate milk   
clash of the titans was    alright! almost too corny at times and i facepalmed like a champion of champions at the end  see it with friends so you can agree of how much of a douche zeus is 
got a haircut  bitches don't know 
you ever catch yourself with your head tilted about 90 degrees to the left just staring at your computer and wondering how long you have been doing that?
why does the world taste good?
i have decided to be 'that guy' and became a fan of very many things to be annoying 
you ever look into your fridge late at night and you see something that is undefinable by words and then while your asking yourself what the hell that could be the thing looks back at you? i am afraid of going into my fridge now    (i know that sentence is broken as hell but it's 7 smile 0am and i haven't slept yet )
journal entry #4 in the big book of kitchen science! when eating copious amounts of generic potato chips along with drinking unhealthy amount of generic cola ones burps taste and smell like roses  this could be the best accidental scientific discovery since <propfirst> fleming discovered penicillin!
my family has a very impressive amount of hacksaws considering how often we are cutting things    this makes me very suspicious 
a person who is ine playful erienced with cooking bacon is a lot like a person who is ine playful erienced with lighting an m-80  both if them involve something popping with a lot of heat and is highly volitle    my pinky hurts so bad ;_;
"breaking news, everyone! i'm going to be an uncle!"
splinter in finger hurts! ffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!
minecraft: a game that i am so addicted to that when i close my eyes all i can see is blocks and how to destroy create them 
for a person who hates the outside i gotta say    it's a nice fucking day!
????!!!
time flies like an arrow  fruit flies like a banana 
not cleaning out your coffee pot for three years is a lot like not cleaning out your toilet for three years  what happens when you don't clean your toilet for three years? shit happens!
portal is now free on steam    this is news of the utmost excellence 
what have we found new custom of air hockey after creative meetings is the best policy enacted in a while 
time to pack heute abend endlich mal wieder ne gem tliche runde poker beim siggi  i realized that orange mound doesn't have any wi fi 
i don't think i've left my house in three weeks   
nothing in my house to eat except for ice cream  my mouth is cold 
back to square one  the scary square 
go into a class meeting at 9 today  had no idea that the doors close at 9 exactly  ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!
i went outside today! it was fucking hot!
"do you know what \nemesis\"" means? a righteous infliction of retribution manifested by an appropriate agent  personified in this case by an 'orrible cunt    me \",e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238,i made muffins!
watchen shawshank!
open house? pancakes at 2am? don't mind if i do! *om nom nom nom nom*
didn't eat all of those pancakes last night  i wonder if they are still good    they've been sitting in my room overnight   
i just drank a liter and a half of chocolate milk! i feel real real sick!
just spent a half hour with my eyes shut and listening to some person try to hypnotize me  the only thing that came out of that is i feel tired now 
busted up my knuckles pretty bad on my driveway  falling is never a graceful act 
coffee and vanilla ice cream! you have been right in front of me all these years and i have never thought of putting you two together! you and i are going to make wonderful music together!
why do we call them grapefruits when there is already a fruit called a grape   
awesome thunderstorm is awesome!
why do they call them walnuts when they do not grow on walls?
i had a dream i was a muffler  i woke up exhausted 
did you hear about the peanut on the subway? he got assaulted 
i want to play something shooty but my computer is made of wood   
oh torrents  you are so nice  instead of having to buy a dvd of something that i am going to watch once and have it forever rot on my shelf i can instead download it and delete it when i am done   love  piracy
finished reading hellsing at 4 surprise 1am  just  fucking  awesome 
"so my esophagus has kind of been hurting when i swallow recently  scary thing about it is that when you google \esophagus pain\"" you get nothing but links saying you have cancer   """
sometimes your parents are really loud when they do the things they do    ewwww!
"attention everyone! i have been having this on my mind for a long long time and it's really been a whole lot to <propfemale>  for me to be so public with it and say it to all of my facebook chums means that i am ready for this to see the light of day   \i have mixed cranberry juice with orange juice concentrate to create corngeberry juice!"
journal entry #7(?) in the big book of kitchen science!
"afraid  so very afraid to turn off my computer screen  i keep on thinking that tomorrow will be the last day i can see it clearly  it's always yellow! last time it turned, i had to slap it like it owed me money \i'm really afraid of turning it off   "
"i have made home made chai tea syrup using black tea, cinnamon, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, cloves, vanilla and a bay leaf  my hands smell like awesome!"
thanks for the b-day greetings  really surprised how many people wished me one 
"discovery! ice cream! a yummy cold treat you eat! coffee! a hot pick me up!\if you combine the ice cream and the coffee grounds you get the yummy derishesousness of the ice cream plus the full caffeinated fury of 10 cups of coffee!"
new monitor! so big!
why do they continue to make grape jelly when it is the worst of every conceivable flavor that jelly could be?
"today i got told that someone, who shall remain nameless, would rather slit their own wrists than live with me for 10 years "
"folks, i am a masochist  that's why i will be watching every uwe boll ever made before friday, september 3rd "
never knew the wii could get to fb    typing with a wiimote sucks
out of clean spoons  so guess who is eating his 4am cereal with an ice cream scooper? fuckin' this guy!
job interview tomorrow at z's  i am the excite!
so the wedding i thought was the 15th is really happening today at 6pm  imma look real spiffy!
so guess who has a job? fucking this guy!
"i can't feel my feet, i'm dehydrated and i have a new found hate of the words \stocking groceries\""  thank god i have the next day off """
15 hours of sleep  awesome  and i have today off and don't work till 8pm tomorrow    i might sleep for another 15 hours!
day off  so delicious!
me at work: \hey man," you look kinda tired \""\"e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238,"e playful erement    success!?\milk+chocolate syrup=chocolate milk\milk+maple syrup=maple milk! it's like drinking a pancake!"
how much bears would bear grills grill if bear grills did grill bears?
17 shots worth of booze and i can still type correctly  woo!
"never    drinking    again   \because when i drink i do weird shit  like smoking, or buying porn in demand  i'm never drinking again! is re-sleep time!"
"drinking again! but what are we drinking this evening   \dragon's milk! but this raises a question    how do you get milk from something that is not a mammal?"
buy a ps3 next week or save for a new computer?
"well spank my ass and call me a culinary genius! i have made ice cream better! cinnamon, a few sprinkles of ground cloves, a dash of ground <propfemale> and a splash of vanilla syrup! i call it    the hyperion!"
"just found a black widow spider in my fucking fridge! freaken out, man! whatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuck!?!?!?"
after a long and enjoyable evening of fine beer and fine chocolate i believe it is time for sleep 
and now i have a working fridge on my room! yay! also: special bonus! it came with free porn!
arcadia ales jaw jacker    terrible  green apple jones soda however is still fandamntastic 
"just eatdeded a mcdonalds breakfast burrito in 10 seconds (give or take), and did the same thing to another one in a similar time  the pain! the horrible horrible pain!"
going strong on the 7th day of 'no shave november'!
gave <propfirst> best his drug for the next few days  that drug is nostalgia  god have mercy   
"let's play a fun little game! it's called, \what's in my sisters purse?\"" only rules of the game are that you have to guess things that would fit in a large handbag! i will go through it later when i have peoples guesses and post results and the winner!\",e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238,"liking umineko no naku koro ni so far  it's got everything from mystery murder to insane amounts of child slapping! woo!\also, hurray for me not being a murderer! woo!"
a gaggle of drunk blondes mistook me for a homeless man tonight while i was waiting for my cab    i feel so violated 
terrible news everyone    i'm going to be a father 
why would you eat a whole pizza and a large bag of chips with jalapeño nacho cheese? whiskey! that's why!
where'd my lighter fluid go   
"fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck!\why am i feeling this way again!? i told myself it would never happen and now i can feel it creeping back! fuck! fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!"
arrogant bastard  that's what i be drankan 
"adéu    adéu, parting is such sweet sorrow  \bessy, i will miss you  you've been with me for nearly 12 years and now you are sitting in the grand feasting halls of valhalla! you will be missed   \in other news, i got me a new computer! woo!"
"new monitor too! 20 inches of pure pleasure, baby!"
it's always good when you look at your bank statement and realize you have more money than what you thought you had  hurray for poor mental math skills!
"it's a bit overdue, but i have made all 30 days of no-shave-november without shaving  fuck yeah smooth face!"
am i doin' it right?
"called it! <propfemale> inoue is the voice of <propfemale> from ttgl and <propfemale> from valkyria chronicles  this is really only relevant to <propfirst> henderson, and also the fact that i am getting better at distinguishing between foreign voice actors "
"today i might have broken the rules  not just any rule, but the unbreakable truths that are set in stone somewhere in the earth's core \today i was nice  so nice that a homeless man gave me food  it's like i transcended the circle of douchebaggery and, for a brief moment, i was the nicest person alive "
"doing a \friend\"" cleanup on fb  if i missed you in the upcoming culling then e playful ect to have a few more preacous moments on the list before i terminate you with my hate """
"step 1: get drunk as all hell\step 2: watch invader zim episode about doughnuts and realize they sound a might tasty\step 3: go to store and buy $25 in assorted doughnuts \step 4: ?????\step 5: best idea ever"
come home from work and there's a blackout  ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!
i love getting paid when i don't know it!
"bought a new graphics card  nvidia gtx 450 graphics card, 8 gallons of hawaiian punch, two 12 packs of vernors and a new mouse and headset  <propfemale> christmas!"
"had three cookies  ate two  3rd is missing    curse you, <propfemale>! curse you!"
i am trying really really hard not to buy my weight in ttgl merchandise 
and so it begins   
i think i might have killed a homeless man today    for real this time 
bored  how could i cure this in a very irresponsible way?
got me a game pad for some old school ps1 games and bought a nutella frappuccino  someone save me from myself   
fuck yeah! had to go on the horror of wireless internet for a few hours before i giggled the cables and the hard line was fixed! back to the <propfemale> of pure internet!
it's either i am going crazy or i am hearing the whispers of the damned  hrmm   
time to go into work early after 3 hours of sleep  fucking woo
"good news, everyone! you remember that homeless man who said he was going to jump off the bridge? he's alive! tried to come into the store past closing  crazy, crazy alive homeless man "
i just found out i have this terrible habit of yelling obscenities in my sleep  i'm thinking slumber party   
sleep before work? naaaaah  up for 30+ hours? yeaaaaaaaaa 
"cream of mushroom soup taken to the next level \mushrooms-sauteed, onions-sauteed, cheese, more cheese, cheese again, potatoes cooked in <propfemale> ham fat, <propfemale> ham, more mushrooms and bacon  add that shit to the soup  stir  bowl  consume  \imma soup wizard!"
"it's amazing how a few little white lies can bring out a lot of the cold, dark truth "
duke nukem forever is to be released may 3rd  must pre-order with the force of a thousand angry norse gods!!!
    when the fuck did dead space 2 come out!? why was i not aware of this!? now purchasing with the speed of a thousand sonic the hedgehogs!
i have not felt hatred this pure and black in a long long time  i thought i would never feel this way toward another human being ever again  this is nice   
cold winds of the north! i call upon you! unleash frozen despair and chilly doom on the masses!
"i think i need to stop drinking  all i do is get home and rape my fridge  i would still be for criminal sexual activities towards household appliances, but i think it's beginning to like it   "
"i got yelled at by a transvestite yesterday  apparently they don't like to be called dude  i've been calling everyone dude since i was eight, and one bald fat man woman getting on my case about it will change nothing!"
"so, after watching the 2011 super bowl national anthem i have realized something  <propfemale> aguilera became one ugly skank faced has-been real fast "
we have added a new element to the soup wizard's (me) alchemical laboratory (kitchen)  bbq sauce!
"love                 noun              \\?l?v\\\a chemical imbalance in the brain that causes a temporary lapse in rational thought and judgement \fuck you, valentines day  love, nate "
"karakoe: a social event where very unattractive people, mostly women, place a phallic object near their mouth and scream "
"want to pre-buy portal 2, but i am not sure if it is worth the cash   "
bitches be terrible drivers  parking in front of the garage that has the snowblower so it can blow the snow and get bitches outta here  bitches 
"<propmale> campbell, lead guitarist of motorhead, just gave me his autograph at zellar's  nothing intresting ever happens here    nope   \also, free guestroom passes at the concert tomorrow "
10 sausage muffins from mcdonalds? challenge accepted!
chillen at work and decided to get some light reading done  drinking a vitimin water and reading the tommyknockers  i loose focus on where my hand is going and i grab uncap the pine-sol  i taste nothing but the enchanted cleaning power of pine-sol now! my breath smells like a freshly cut pine <propmale>! ffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!
never drinking again   
just finished <propfirst> pilgrim  112 wasted minutes of my life to this volcano of hipster shit 
in cali  flying is terrifying!
"5th of goose in cali: $29 99 \5th of goose at zellar's: $41 25"
"\we'd like to remind you that there is absolutely no smoking on all <propfemale> airliners \""\",e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238,battle: los angles  not a bad movie if you can get over 90% of the whole thing being shot in a close up shot of a persons face with shaky-cam-syndrome 
"ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!\we're getting a dog   "
tomorrow is going to suck the robots asshole
today did suck the robot's asshole 
new dog  new dog already hates me  fuck dogs 
"schadenfreude: noun  pleasure derived from the misfortunes of others  \i think this word is the only way i will ever be happy    and boy am i happy now!"
"two pounds of pasta, meat, sauce and cheese are in front of me  the only clean eating utensil in my house is an ice cream scooper  let's get down to business!"
"goulash demon, vanquished with ice cream scooper of justice \also, i can't stop playing dragon age 2  i should have gone to sleep six hours ago   "
"why do i have a sneaking suspicion that i am an inch away from getting fired?\maybe it's me being paranoid   "
"toy story 3  wonderful movie that made me miss my toys! my childhood is dead!\also, need my neighbor totoro stuffed thing   "
i work april fools day  i might get fired due to the insane amount of revenge hijinks 
added another chapter in the big book of me slowly killing myself  ten mcdonalds breakfast burrito challenge! challenge accepted!
drinken dat oberon
"the troll <propmale> \trolljegeren\"" was one of the most refreshing movies i have seen all year  one part <propfirst> witch", one part cloverfield and a gallon of badass troll hunter  this movie has washed out the foul taste of sucker punch and has left me wanting to research into troll mythology  \e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238,"i think i need to tone down the smartassery at work \phone rings, i answer, \zellar's party store\""\",e5dc47d15486724736addcff3fd54238,"10 sausage biscuits \10 breakfast burritos \someone tell me how bad this is for me to do, i am too busy killing myself from eating this "
i have a gallon of chocolate milk!
"what is it about the term, \may i see your id?\"" that makes people flilp their shit?"""
