433849e303e2075cc7a31fcb7572ab2b
happy new years everyone!!!
is so sad
was having old school night at my place!!! don't worry it will go down again!
missing you mchael     r i p 
is saying bet awards    get on it!!!
is saying get out of my apt!!!!!!!!
is done playing       
is feeling completely left out!  sad 
just saw her ex on making the band and has decided it is time to get her career in order!!!!
"just saw her ex on \making his band\"" and has decided it is time to get her career in order!!!! congrats man!!!! i told you you were bound for greatness!!!!"""
is sooooooooo bored!! to go out or not to go out? that is the question         
should have been in bed!!! why can't i do what i need to so my day won't be so hard?!?!? lol!!
is saying that's what i get for thinking i had one more day  r i p  auntie phyllis     i miss you already        
"had sooooooooo much fun at the <propfirst> foxx concert!!! hope i didn't miss an encore leaving after \blame it\""!! it was still all good though!"""
"if one more guy tells me they were trying to talk to me in high school, i'm gonna lose it!! i refuse to believe that i was that oblivious!!! lol!!!"
i love my younger brother  he is the best asset to my siblinghood!!!!!
is so sad! no phone brings tears!  sad 
i'm back on!!! yea!!
wants to go out!!!! where is everyone?!?!?!
is trying to wait patiently         
needs to stay strong          
is saying he just gave me the strength!!! get the f%$! on already!!!
had a blast this weekend!!! i was so glad to see everyone!! i miss you all fam!!!
blah to another week! man i'm in need of some spice!
i pray god continues to comfort all the bg zetas  we all lost a sister  love you <propmale>!
"is saying \ i think i can  i think i can  i think i can        \"""""
is quitting on real life  i'll let you know when i've returned from fantasy island             
is thanking god that i'm finally able to understand it all  happy thanksgiving to you all!!!
is wondering why bowling green state university is mentioned on manswers for figuring out that fruit flies bust the biggest nut?!?!? this is where our money is going people!!!!!
"is just wondering       if i do it, then it's final  it could change alot        "
is screaming no more recital attendance!!!! yea!!!!!
"is like - so i'm in detroit, and i'm still bored!!! how is that possible?!?!?"
marry christmas everyone!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
i'm so mad i left all my reading books in bg!!! i hate starting a new book in the middle of reading another one!!!
"what make an actor a great actor? the fact that the can make the shift in to character mode with no problem  in comparision with the change in yourself, nothing is keeping you from making the shift but you  ~ a  <propmale> (kinda lol)"
"what makes an actor actress a great actor actress? the fact that they can make the shift into character mode with no problem  in comparision with the change in yourself, nothing is keeping you from making the shift but you  ~ a  <propmale> (kinda lol)"
happy new year everyone!!! 2011     here we come!!!
disappoinment strikes again! it's cool though  i kinda saw it coming 
"since men can't decide if they want to deal with me on a romatic level, i've decided not to deal with them on one for now  i'm doing too much right now to worry about indecisive people lol!!!!"
"totally losing my mind right now  <propfirst>'s day needs to hurry up, come, and go already!!!!"
"happy <propfirst>'s day to all, especially those in love  those who aren't, your time is coming! be patient and love will find you unaware!!!"
he just might ruin my love life as long as he's in my life              
"come out to dinner theatre tonight @ 8pm  \a tribute to <propfirst> jackson: the one and only!!!\"" tickets are $12 50!!!!"""
first night of dinner theatre is over and it was great!!! tonight is the finale!!! come out if you can! $25 for the show and dinner!!! <propfirst> jackson: the one and only!!!
first night of dinner theatre is over and it was great!!! tonight is the finale!!! come out if you can! $25 for the show and dinner!!! dinner at 6pm and the show is at 7pm!micheal jackson: the one and only!!!
is missing dinner theatre practices already lol!!!
"dear god  no more men please  i'd like to be able to focus on me and my goals now  thank you for being the best man in my life  i don't need anymore  i love you, adore you, and thank you for loving me in spite of  amen"
"so i need an accompanist for tuesday at 4pm  5 short pieces  would like to practice at let once before and the day of  if you can or know someone who can, please let me know asap!!!!! thank you in advance "
"i don't know what it is, but something in my emotions hurt  is that possible?"
so i went in to the krispy kreme doughnut shop for the first time during the fresh and hot free samples      let's just day that i am glad i don't go home that often because those things are a sin!!!!!
so i went in to the krispy kreme doughnut shop for the first time during the fresh and hot free samples      let's just say that i am glad i don't go home that often because those things are a sin!!!!!
"well, the make-up jury is today and it will determine a great deal!! pray for me!!!"
so who cries at the end of her jury??? that would be me lol!!! it's all good though  a special thank <propfemale> and <propfirst> for all your help!!!! you both are the best!!
i wanna be done too darnit!!! stop trying to keep me here on this bs!!!
god! i miss my computer!!  sad 
"dear love, you are sooooo weird! please leave me alone  i'm sure that there is someone else out there that would like to be in your company!!!"
"tuesday, april 6,2010, i'm performing in the pub!!! accompanied by mr  <propfirst> <propfirst>, we will be providing you with standard and smooth jazz r&b from 8p-10p  please come out and enjoy!!!!"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! god has one again seen fit for me to see another year!
"one day at a time  at this point, it is what it is "
i quit
i'm so bored right now!! i feel like i've done everything i could do in my house  i don't want to go to the club by myself because all i'll do is frink and talk to the bartender  oh what to do            
"yea <propmale> evans!!! i don't care how you did it, but you won it!!!! until next time rampage          "
"god will never give you someone were you have to settle for what you get  if you truly trust god for your mate, then know that he will send you the perfect fit  a mate so perfect, that the word \imperfect\"" will be discharged from your vocabulary when discribing their qualities and characteristics """
"god will never give you someone where you have to settle for what you \get  if you truly trust god for your mate, then know that he will send \you the perfect fit  a mate so perfect, that the word \imperfect\"" will \",433849e303e2075cc7a31fcb7572ab2b,"lord, if i lose everything now, it's because i didn't trust you         "
is watching way too much tv this summer!!!
"if there is anyone in bg going to mijers or wal-mart in the next day or so, may i please ride with you?!?! i really would like to get some stuff lol!!!"
"if\ there is anyone in bg going to meijers or wal-mart in the next day or \so, may i please ride with you?!?! i really would like to get some stuff\ lol!!!"
my prayers were answered!!! thank you so much <propfemale> grear!!
"my\ prayers were answered!!! thank you so much <propfemale>!!"
it's really too bad that people let someone's size (especially when the person is cute and has a great personality) keep them from getting to know someone on a romantic level      
"i found out this weekend that the value of marriage has completely been thrown out the window when a married man told me, only 30 minutes after meeting me, that he wanted me to be his side chick as he would travel to bg once a month and send for me when he was ready  excuse me? all i did was said hi, crack a joke, and said have a good day!"
anyone in bg planning on catching the midnight showing of twilight: eclipse next tuesday?
"so it's official  i am struggling with the idea of staying in school  really looking for some advice on this one  call, text, email, or fb is fine "
"and i am running back to you i see you're standing there for me your \arms are open wide, and i don't have to cry no more you're standing \there for me, and i am running back to you why do i go away when i know i\ am no good when i'm on my own  ----the song on my heart this morning "
"well the day i was gonna invite folks over for dinner it decides to pour! oh well, maybe next time    "
"snobby girls come from new york, sweet girls come from alabama, but we \michigan girls have fire and ice in our blood    we can ride four \wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, and drink with the boys   and\ if we have an opinion, you know you're going to hear    it     re-post \if you're a true     michigan girl"
"will never go to a 3am movie again  but i enjoyed the new twilight!! ready for the last airbender (should be rightfully called avatar) so <propfirst> brown, you better wait til i get back!!!"
anyone taking abnormal psychology 4050 this summer or in the past with dr  rosenburg? desperate for the book!
is so bored!!!! should go to bed but i can't cuz i'm so bored!!!
am i wrong for believing that love has a fairytale love for me????
soooooo         anyone doing anything tonight?
"at the rate his going, i may not live to see my next relationship!! oh well, that's what i get for choosing him      "
another interesting night
"so after talking to some folks, i'm beginning to understand that not as many people know that i'm a professional singer like i thought  and here i thought i was advertising pretty well  any suggestions?"
yummy homemade four-cheese spinach and shrimp <propmale> and true blood! it was a great sunday evening!!
man!!! i wish i was a-sexual!!!!!
is out running! don't worry! i won't be gone long! lol!
last week of summer classes!!!! yea!!!!!
"well  trueblood did not reveal as much as i thought they were  oh well, itching till next week i guess             "
"bored, bored, bored              "
another boring nite in bg           
just found out my bra size! ridiculous!!!!
"i love \love\""  whether it loves me back is a whole 'nother conversation           """
back to work!!! yea!!!
school!!
"i think we need to have a \if you really knew me\"" session here at bg     """
new pledge of allegiance (totally awesome)!!
beginning treatment    we shall see how this works!!
made my first homemade gravy today!!! omg!! it's so good!!!
just activated my droid x  two words  love it!!!!!!!
it sucks to miss someone that doesn't even know how much you care about them  smh    
i wake up with you on my mind? why?        
get out of my place now!!! i can't take your freeloading anymore!!!!
"i miss my baby, mo-mo!!"
still sick after three weeks  guess it's time to see a doctor      
well um       definitely got it in for bezzy's birthday!!! four siblings should never have that much fun!!!! thanks to all his friends that came out!!!!
i've cut my hair!! 5 inches! pics coming soon!!
"i've cut my hair!! 5 inches!pics under \just me\"" photo album!"""
anyone going to walmart tonight? let me know please!!
anyone going to walmart tonight in bg? let me know please!!
"well!!! i couldn't believe it, but for the first time in a long time \l n c  was back together  <propmale> <propmale>, jp <propfirst> , rollin d  godette iii, \and <propmale> <propfemale> jr  !! it was so great to see all of you and i miss you \already!! them, along with everyone else, we got it in!"
bored tonight  i guess everyone went home for fall break     
so today is national coming out day        any takers?
watching detroit 1-8-7
"i know this sounds crazy, but i need some new testosterone in my life  not to date or anything, but it just seems like all my male friends are too busy or have girlfriends  where are you <propfemale> chamberlain!!!!! lol!!!"
can someone please e playful lain to me the concept of putting the # sign before a word or phrase? obviously i'm behind!
"fb, i would like to hear your opinion on this  is it wrong that i would prefer to date marry a man with no kids and no prior marriages? i would think that it's only fair since i have no kids or prior marriages  what do you think?"
"thank you to all my family, friends, and school mates that have served in our nation's military!!! happy veterans day!!!"
sick all day and now bored      
go michigan!!!!
ask me anything! inbox it though lol!
q: are you happy? i mean really 100% happy?  a: i'm not 100% happy  there are some things in my life that i need to be different and until they are i'll only be at 80% 
well apparently everyone already knows all there is to know about me lol!
"q: have u and <propfirst> c  rucker ever dated? haha\a: we did for almost week in 6th grade and he dumped me because i wouldn't let him touch me lol!"
"ok it's official  i am totally missing my extended fam (in no particular order) <propfirst> c  rucker, <propfemale> chamberlain, and <propfirst> billings!!! the distance is killing me (yes even your short one bro!!!)!!!! love you all and miss you more!!!"
soooooooo             yeah                
sick on another friday night     not cool     
physically dying  would like to go to the hospital  any takers?
made it to the hospital today! thank you for your prayers!
is there anyone leaving for the detroit area tomorrow after 1pm? i need a ride had have gas money!!!
is there anyone leaving for detroit today after 1pm? i would like to get back  i do have gas money!!!
is there anyone in bg leaving for detroit today after 2pm? i would like to get back today ad i have gas money!!!
made it back to tha d!!!! what's up for tonight folks?
loves kalahari!!!!
i wanna go somewhere tonight in the d  any ideas?
movies!!!! <propmale> potter anyone?
wow     no one wants to go see a movie?
you never know who see your potential  thank you for you encouraging words       
you never know who sees your potential  thank you for your encouraging words         
"would play this number game, but only got two questions during the question game and i feel that this number e playful erience will probably be the same lol!"
"#88- i don’t know what to say about you because there is so much to say  when i first met you, you always made me smile and looked after me (even if you had other motives lol)   and now, you still bring a smile to my face  you will always have a place in my heart!"
#122-i love your flare! and january 22nd will forever be etched in my mind lol!
#8-i really couldn't read the vibe between us  but you have a great heart and i enjoy your convo everytime we cross paths 
"#007-i realized that i still have a lot to learn about you  but i know i can't live without you whatever your capacity in my life  arguing or not, i know where your heart is  so i'm not going anywere!"
#432-who would have thought that a dating site would give me such a great friend lol! i love the way you think and speak and your drive is contagious!
"#4886- you'll always be my <propmale> fam! old soul like me  and i loved our rap battles, even though you murdered me everytime  i printed them and still have them lol!"
"#26-freshman and sophomore year was silly! but you was my girl with you bright smile  we lost touch for a minute, but i know god hespecially you, especially with that beautiful baby!!!"
"#2008- i love you, i worry about you, i pray for you, but most of all i'm so proud of you!!!"
"#892-you are so kind  i still don't know much about you ( except that you could kick my butt lol), but i do know that hug you give me every time is much appreciated!"
"#400- mr  laid back  you were all ways so smooth to me, even in middle school  hope you getting everything you ever wanted cause you always was hustling!"
"#1- i would love to know what you are like now  i feel like something not so good happened between and it was never resolved  if it was my fault then i'm sorry  but i didn't know that you had my back, and i loved you for it "
"#2224- i for some reason has it stuck in my mind that you were gonna marry my brother lol! you were such a sweet girl then  i would love to see how you've <propfemale>! from what i see here on fb, it looks like you are doing very well! how's the fam? i'm still mad i mess it up with your brother lol!"
#2- it's funny that i talk to you more than my bro now lol! i am soooooooo mad i miss the wedding  but when i first met you knew you were the one  i'm so glad you make him happy and he you!! you are a beautiful person and i hope that life keeps us close!!
#36-it was fun working with you at the obsh!! and you were a sweetheart 
"#7 - i miss you!!!! i miss our undergrad fun, i miss seeing you, i miss talking to you!! i hope you are well in the chi-town but we have to catch up soon!"
#71289- well first off you played me  i really liked you but you were too busy trying to get on cb  but we still cool  if you ever change your mind though         
"#2328- i felt like we're not as close as we first were after the incident were i didn't tell u what was going on with that thing  i didn't mean to upset you  i really did think that you already knew  anyhoo, i love you like a sis always!"
"#21-you've always intimidated me musically, but i've always wanted to learn from you  it's something about the work that intrigues me  but you were cocky in middle school so i didn't wanna tell you "
"#1129-what can i say  i've watch you grow in to a beautiful, super talented, confident, warm woman  i love you success and wish you plenty more!!!"
#123-miss working with you! i hope you're doing well now! i'm here whenver you need me! love ya!
#22-you are soooooo fun! you have a contagious laugh and you already know i love your singing  i also enjoy singing you on the bgsu commercial lol!
#5-the first sgrho i ever met  beautiful spirit  thank you for believing in me!! what are you up to now?!?!
#916-i love you're spirit! i love your family! and i wish i had a car so i could come see you more!
"#4566-we had some great times at obsh!! fun, kind-hearted, and a gentlemen!"
"#210-i heart you!! i've watched you grow from your freshmen year to now into a beautiful, intelligent woman  the only thing i want more for you is that you are more confident in you voice  there are very few girls out here with your sound and gurl it has the potential to be magnetic!! whatever you need, don't hesitate to let me know!"
"#4444-you are such a kind and positive woman!! i strive to be like you often  you are a excellent example of what a humble, successful, beautiful woman should be!! thank you!!"
#121-i truely enjoyed meeting you at the wedding  you have a great and warm spirit  and your conversation is wonderful  i hope that wasn't our first and last encounter 
omg!!! i miss my computer!!!!!
#823- you are the coolest cat i know  we've known each other for over a decade! you are so real and you've always been kind to me  and i had blast working with you at obsh  i was kinda crushing on you though!
man i can't wait for my day off!!! oh wait  i'm working another 7 days before that happens      
"no cheating- post this on your <propfemale> and see what they want from you  inbox only annoyed 1 a baby\2 another <propmale>\3 love\4 kiss\         5 friendship\6 cuddle\7 long relationship\8 good laugh\9 an apology\10  a <propmale> to be ah friend\11 a hug\12  be my friend\13 booty call\14 to go out with u\15 texting buddies"
ahhhhh snow!!! oh wait  i have to go to campus to day  boooooo snow!!!
had a blast tonight!!
so bored in bg!!! i really just wanna see you       
i'm in tha d!!! what is there to do?!?!
happy birthday jesus!!! <propfemale> christmas to you all!!!!
"alaskan <propmale> crab legs, jumbo shrimp, lobster tails, ockra and peas, crockpot <propmale> and cheese, and sweet green tea for christmas dinner  why you ask? because my family is unconventional!!!!!"
i love her!! ready to go back to bg!!
i'm bored in tha d  help!!!
wants to go ballrooming tonight! anyone in detroit wanna go?
so i'm officially letting the idea of love go  guys talk a good game  but it
"well i'm officially giving up on the idea of love  guys talk a good game, but it's clear that none are truly ready for what i bring to the table  time to focus all my love into my music "
boredom in bg          
"teach me how to love ya show me, i'm willing to learn  following every instruction i'll be your scholar when you are done ooooh"
bored again in bg           
i think it's safe to say i'm allergic to my cat  he needs a new home asap!!
"too bad nobody in bg likes crawfish, <propmale> and cheese, and spinach  this is a lot of food for lil ol' me! lol!"
8am workday tomorrow! sucks baaadd!!!
"anybody want chicken spaghetti? well i don't have the chicken  but if you bring it, i'll make it and you can take the leftovers home!"
is thinking about you  wink 
would like to know why i keep attracting men so much older than me? i would love some input on this one          
"6:55am  should be in bed  instead, at work "
"hey!! now that i have your attention, i just wanted to let you know that i love you!!!!"
anyone in bg going to walmart this week?
is really tired of liking guys that clearly don't like me back  i have got to control this better!
i am really missing my baby!!! kamila howze don't make me hunt you down!!! lol!
so tragic   r i p  <propfirst> borum   shs loses another one    
i know the lord is my strength because there is no way i could have done what i did at work this morning without him!!! thank you jesus!!!
i really need to go to the hospital  call anyone take me please? text or call my phone if you can 
i really need to go to the hospital  can anyone in bg take me please? call or text me if you can 
i think i finally know what puts me in that kind of pain now  thanks everyone for your concerns 
may your eternal rest be peaceful my brotha       r i p  cb
i told myself that the next time i work catering with a bar that i was going to bartend  did i succeed? heck yeah!!!
i can't stand bold-faced liars!! it's ok tho  you'll see how serious i am 
"i just finished filing my taxes with taxact, you can try it for free: http annoyed  budurl com taxactfb1"
love     that is all 
you ever wanna go out bu you just done feel pretty enough? or is that just me?
you ever wanna go out but you just don't feel pretty enough  or is that just me?
"normally, the team i cheer for loses  so this year i'm cheering for green bay!! lol!"
"to all my fb friends in bg  if you're headed to wal-mart or meijers any time this week, please let me know  thank you in advance "
"should have been in bed, but i'm up cuz the songwriting juices are flowing        sn:"
"should have been in bed, but i'm up cuz the songwriting juices are gflowing        sn: still haven't made it to wal-mart       "
i finally made it to walmart!!! thanks a bunch <propfemale> <propfemale> pernell!!!
i need 2-3 female vocalists in bg for feb  19th  please let me know if you're available 
wants to go out tonight  really i wanna just stay home with my boo  problem with that is that i have no boo lol
totally stranded with africans  all my fault 
round 2!!!!
and a hit dog will holla     
this was the first v-day that i was super cool with being single  i'm happy!
just completed my first interview with my candidate for match-making! yay!
got the kids quiet  how you ask? cuz i'm a beat wit the kids!
got sent home from work today  now you're messing with my money  you've got to go      now!!!!
"ummmmm       he's gone! well actually i have the key and he left and he changed his number so he still needs to get his stuff  but for the most part, he's gone!!! now to get rid of this cat     "
the creator of the twix ice cream bar should be given a glorious parade  and at the end of the parade be shot at point blank range     that is all 
"the one time bgsu has a snow day, i can't afford to miss work  so i'm working     smh"
add me on liveprofile my pin is lp0jlmno - liveprofile is a free messenger for android iphone and blackberry - http annoyed  liveprofile com
it is what it is after that one          
friday of spring break and i'm still in the house     smh
so plans were completely ruined tonight  why you ask? because i love my mother!
"so i'm in detroit for most of the week  anything worth getting into, folks?"
home from taking my mother out to dinner  i love her! but i still have some energy        so detroit what's up?
