0cb3d8d68167a9d65aab5f50c0e89aca
is all kinds of sniffly   stupid sick 
is going to get up at the ass-crack of <propfemale> for farmer's market tomorrow -_-
happy summer solstice!
ac should be outlawed   
is extremely nervous about leaving for san <propmale> tomorrow
"thank's for all the birthday wishes!  whew, managed to finally load this <propfemale> on what passes for internet at this hotel (mariott) "
"grad school application is due today *twitch, spaz*"
"ok seriously, where did the heat go and what's up with this crap calling itself july?!"
fireworks are awesome   watching 3 different ones in the last week?  awesomer 
wonders why her back feels like it's been run over by a truck  
mosquito bite on the forehead is totally not cool 
curls up in tiredness 
"oy apartment searching   19 places to look at in the next 2 days, move within 1 week   trying not to panic too much "
"has anyone from <propfemale> rented from apex before?  it seems like we may have found a good apartment from them, just wondering how they do as landlords "
yay we got approved for our new place   now comes the contract signing and *shudder* moving  
curls up in tiredness   zzzzzzzzzz
moving: accomplished   now comes the fun part of trying to find everything again 
has been accepted to grad school in biomedical engineering at the uw!
"has totally passed out for a 3 hour nap, and is now having coordination problems    *thump*"
has had a workday from hell 
"by the way, last week has been totally proving my theory that normal people suck "
is going to fall over sleepy   sooo much to do    *gack*
was just at the new graduate student orientation  i'm officially in  *cue the surreal feeling*
"yeah, so, guess who got lost on her way from the north side of <propfemale> to middleton, and ended up in waunakee    that's right   i are retarded, and had to call <propfirst> for halp   in my defense?  you can't see shit at night, even with my brights "
"sleep and work, that's pretty much all i do these days   with the exception of tasty raspberry picking this morning   mmmmmmm    going to attempt to make a cordial from those "
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
to the bloody idiot this morning who seems to disappreciate the use of his turn signals or eyes:  do you know what happens to morons who hit a scooter at 45mph?  a fucking manslaughter suit 
"neurophysiology e playful lained   *action potential: relationship   *absolute refractory period: the time after the relationship where men, as a species, are repulsive  *relative refractory period: the slow drift to normal, where a new action potential can develop, if stimulated sufficiently "
*gag* i hate sexistst male salespeople that think they and their product are god's greatest gift 
is going up to superior this weekend!  smile 
"has had way, wayyy too much coffee *shakey*"
3 hours later?  still freakin shakey   doing needlepoint work is a pain   no more coffees for me!
"<propfemale>  today's work appropriate conversation turned to registered sex offenders  according to my boss and coworker, half of those are just bitches calling rape "
is tired 
just wants to sleep for the next two weeks 
don't i feel lucky   my boss told me yesterday that he never had any girl work for him that got hit on as much as i do at work 
is besieged by cuddly kitties   *purrr*
"dear city of middleton  since you seem to have decided that it is more cost effective to turn university ave back into a gravel road, should we perhaps start using horses again? or is this your contribution to the shortage of organ donation?"
i'm getting my ass kicked by the plague   slept for a total of 12 hours today  annoyed 
is completely studied out 
you know you're in grad school when: you're still in lab at 2am  
so what is it with people just taking stuff without asking? new fashion trend?
is feeling tired but accomplished 
drunk people are retarded and annoying 
today's weather is so fired 
how do you know a snow day has been called?  random screams throughout campus   people skiing in the road   caravans of cars patiently following snowplows 
crap   bus service is cancelled now too   guess i'm totally stuck then  grr winter
"sometimes, live is just good *bask*"
good judgement comes from e playful erience   e playful erience comes from bad judgement  
"anyone looking for an apartment: i know someone who wants to sublet for spring  it is a studio, about two blocks from campus, with a shared kitchen down the hall, and coin laundry in the building  rent is $515 per month, which includes utilities "
needs something interesting to do on new year's <propfemale>   any suggestions?
"did a full 360 in the snowy road last night   scariest thing i e playful erienced in a car, ever   thankfully, it was in a completely open road, so no damage to me or car   someone likes me up there "
"this is weird but oddly pleasant - students are asking me for letters of recomendation  a very small part of me never thought i'd get here   wherever here is, anyway  smile "
"<propfirst> just got a razer mouse and keyboard   wow, talk about great engineering design "
thanks the dickweed bumping her oscillator for the last wasted hour trying to figure out what the hell 
has the plague  urgh 
"total fail: being the only girl, and simultaneously being the only non-asian in a 20 people circuits class   utter fail: your labmates in that class only speak enough english collectively to make themselves understood after consulting with each other   most of my lab period i spent listening to thai and chinese, and adjusting the oscilloscope "
blah 
so  much  crap  to  do 
the mild insanity part of sleep deprivation is slowly kicking in    
wow    matlab is the most useful post-processing program ever   wow 
week 3 of sleep deprivation - the insanity stage 
"ok, i'm in severe need of new leather-y and vinyl-y clothes   preferably with lots and lots of pointies, straps and such   anyone know a good online store?"
blah 
brain   hurts   too much freakin electronics 
snow      snow   snow?  snow?!?!!!  snow?!!!! seriously?!!!!!!  fuck wisconsin 
oy  working retail on easter sunday is deathly boring 
"note to self: do not, under any circumstances, exchange your information with boys at a concert, long hair or not "
"when trying to light a starter-fluid-soaked grill, do not <propfemale> over it with the lighter   unless you don't like having eyelashes "
"why do people insist on bugging me when i'm busy on my computer, with noise-cancelling headphones, clearly trying to shut out the world?  seriously, it is creepy and rude when you stand behind me, hoping i'll notice you, then give me the look of \why were you ignoring me on purpose\"" when i finally jump to your presence """
i fell out of my shoe this morning   twice   that's how tired i am 
"\5 hour energy\"" should be relabelled as \""5 hour panic attack\""   truth in advertising!"""
one good thing about having 4 final projects this semester:  i seem to be loosing the edge of public speaking anxiety 
"someone just seriously called and asked what is wrong with their co2 alarm, it has been going off for 3 weeks "
sleep is overrated 
happy summer solstice
thank you all for the birthday wishes!
going to farmer's market tomorrow at 7am
wow work after 3 hours of sleep sucks
life is goood  smile 
baraboo <propfemale> lot further than it looks  especially on a bike   
"scooter got tipped in the radioshack parking lot by someone trying to \steal it   got a few scratches, otherwise everything works ok   \according to progressive though it's a total loss     *dumbfounded*"
finally great weather!
why do people simultaneously feel lonely and strive to be alone?
anyone looking for a roommate?
"people are weird, but interesting "
anyone willing to come npc for our larp on sept 11?
what is it with audiobooks trying to sound like a movie?  grrr 
"if anyone is still hunting for a samsung epic, we have one in stock and it is the awesome \http annoyed  reviews cnet com smartphones samsung-epic-4g-review "
"yay, finally i have a real means of transportation again"
when did it become socially acceptable to hit on someone that's going through a breakup?
*curls up in a stress bubble*
a lot of people on facebook tonight  
is excited to be getting cleanroom training  laugh 
"customer: \so i have this phone from x company   \"" \",0cb3d laugh 68167a9d65aab5f50c0e89aca,"misses the careful creativity possible in the <propmale> language   when did english turn to point-and-grunt, in comparison to this annoyed die sonne, die sterne tragen kunde <propmale> dir, jeder lufthauch erzählt mir <propmale> dir  jeder atemzug, jeder schritt, trägt deinen namen weit mit sich mit "
is giddy about being in the cleanroom today  *geekgasm*
4g speeds   yum  like sitting at your computer at home! i'm jealous of all you minneapolis people
does not approve of the weather conditions 
"ich hab echt die schnauze voll heute  es reicht, verdammt nochmal  die menschheit kann mich so mal am arsch lecken "
"apparently, even though we live in the 21stcentury, being a woman in a technical job of any kind is still considered as some sort of inside joke "
ipad: the priviledged-white-people catnip  -the onion 
blah 
"there is a really tasty place next to our store, i'm totally addicted    fuzzy's tacos, and is surprisingly tasty and light "
argh! mold is surrounding the battlements! everyone get a tar bucket!!! fiiiiiiiiiiiiire
is excited about 2011 
ack! sprint's towers are down in the area! i feel so naked without my phone o o
"aikido is fun, but boy does it hurt afterwards   the good kind of hurt "
"whew, finally a normal day "
"there is only one day of the year when it is acceptable to play christmas music, and that's freakin christmas day "
that's the second accident of someone going the wrong way on university ave i have seen today   what is it with people?  did they put something in the water?
i'm so sick of rude people with an entitlement complex 
brain frozen   along with half my toes   fingers
"so when you walk into a room, and the person in that room is sitting and studying with the door closed     isn't it common courtesy to close the damn door behind yourself?"
ack! -20c low temp?!  wtf?!?!
this weather makes me sleeeeeepy 
is in numb disbelief 
    just set her personal scooting record: 6 degrees f 
life is good  smile 
is feeling restless and evil
wishes she could sleep   at night 
wishes there was more rp in her life    
*twitch*
"martial arts class: 1hr \waiting for the bus: 50mins \bus ride: 40mins \getting off 20 stops early and still beating the bus by 10mins: fucking priceless "
my scooter gave out again   on the beltline   yay police escort so people do not murder me   today sucks 
"if you or someone you know works for the uw, state, county, city, or local government in wi, copy this and make it your status update today  let's see how many people would be negatively affected by <propfirst> <propmale>'s \nuclear option\"" of eliminating 50 years of peaceful collective bargaining in wisconsin """
"yay, scooter fixed again!!!"
"if you just got a weird link from me don't look at it, it's a virus   sorry "
"woot, fixed my phone gps finally"
is heading to the capitol right now   who's with me?
"just came home from the capitol  there was tension, but everything went peaceful  people are digging in for the long haul, pizza, blankets, apples and water   need sleep now "
"3 hours of martial arts should really leave me exhausted, not bouncy     "
"ah yes, this is the tired i was looking for   can't  move "
can't wake up to save my life lately 
pellets of ice raining down + an inch of ice on the road + strong gusts of wind + scooter = adrenaline rush
"apparently, a rudimentary knowledge of math is no longer required for a college education   what shall we eliminate next, writing?  reading?  hell while we're at it, let's eliminate education all together   after all, an uneducated public is a pliable public "
there are no words for how much i hate writing papers 
sigh  <propmale> writing is torture 
rawr~!
