f5834085a7e4ae9bb0ce8faae1d5bdc9
saturday is the first day of the rest of my life    *so excited* but i'm so nervous  
4 days  
3 more days!!! and i'll be mrs  rankin  smile 
"today is the last day of my work week, then a day of pampering, then getting married saturday!!! wew   totally getting super nervous  "
had an ear infection     sad  two days from my wedding!!!  sad (((
"is <propfemale> so so so tired   all my muscles ache  but now the weddings out of the way, we can focus on moving    on gosh "
is wishing we took a little bit more time off    at least we'll have july 4th to relax a bit   *crosses fingers* hopefully   
"the hubby is at home sick, i'm at work tired, and looking forward to moving next week!  smile "
wants to find another beagle     where to start   
going to see transformers at the imax with my amazing hubby   life is great    
"gonna be packing all week, then movin to our new townhome!!!  smile "
"is tired from packing till late last night  but i'm almost done, then we're  moving thursday!!! i cant wait!!!"
is moving today  just gotta get through work first    annoyed 
got the keys to our new house!!!!  smile 
"ok the \like\"" feature is kinda freaking me out a bit   i'm just sayin  """
an hour away from sanity    yey!
is enjoying my new house with good friends    this place is freakin huge!!
about to head to bed   a very long weekend of moving and friends   its been nice   too bad it didnt last long enough! its back to work for me   sad 
i really need to get myself to bed   but i'm procrastinating    hmm    i really don't want to go to work tomorrow    annoyed 
"totally wishes her husband's work schedule wasn't so \anti crystal\"" and wishes he was home  """
just killed a wasp with spider killing raid   ew   that thing was not happy with me 
feels terrible   i just wanna go home   
is going to see 42nd street with my parents tonight  bittersweet killjoy 
just got home from 42nd street with my parents   nothing great but broadway shows are always fun   my hubby should be home soon!!  smile  but for now i'm heading to bed for work in the a m 
does anyone know someone who does the paid to drive car advertisements?
<propfemale> why do you keep poking me?
bored    i'm getting paid to play on the computer   nice 
thinks <propmale> potters retarded 
loves this song!!!
i hate mondays 
is feeling the heat   
omg  today is crawling by  
"has 2 tickets to the museum of natural science , the nature of diamonds exhibit: may 8 through september 7 2009   anyone interested??"
"mmmhmmm girls night tonight   involving gossip, food, beer and bikinis    gotta love it! now, its worth loosing the guys to guns on sunday"
at work  looking forward to getting to bed before midnight tonight since failed attempts have been made all week  
does anyone have photoshop and is good at it to edit a picture?
"je sais que dieu a toutes ses raisons, mais quelquefois son fort <propmale> voir "
"je ferais n'importe quoi pour l'avoir à moi toute seule, je serais prête à tout  maintenant je ne sais pas quoi faire lorsqu'il me rend triste  il ne faut pas que je me prenne la tête avec ça "
got another beagle puppy!!! yey!!! i get to bring her home today!  smile ))))
got another beagle puppy!!! yey!!! i get to bring her home today!  smile )))) i need female name ideas!!!
getting my puppy in an hour!!!
we have decided to go with <propfirst>!! thanks <propfirst> for the idea   yey for beagle puppys  
charlies at the office with me today   got her vet apt  this afternoon   its gonna be hard letting go of her   shes so sweet   
"i always knew looking back my tears would bring me laughter, but i never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry   "
"is so freakin excited that american eagle brought back there \artist\"" jeans   oh gosh   now i want to get like 5 more pair """
at work   then home  gonna try to de-stress myself this weekend   not sure how successful i'll be but i'm gonna try  
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wonders why some people don't view layoffs as seriously as i do   hmmmm  
wondering how this week will turn out  
is forcing <propfirst> to go to the gym with me tonight    wahahahaa   cant wait till friday!!
joined the blackberry cult and got the storm  my stupid palm centro broke   sad 
"<propfemale>'s bday partay is t'night, text if you want d'tails! 832 392 4161"
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg  i'm old 
cant wait for the weekend  dove season  meaning jays out of town all weekend   girls weekend!! yey!!!
just downloaded a ton of new ringtones   yey
i can't wait for 5pm to roll around  <propfirst> will be hunting all weekend and its not even here yet and everyone has planned it all out for me   hmmm   i must really be an old fart 
does anyone know where they are hiring cnc machinist?
"~9 11~ never forget, never forgive   "
"i hope kanye doesn't show up to <propfirst> swayze's funeral  \ i'll let you get back to your funeral in a minute   but <propfirst> <propmale> had the best death of the year  just sayinnn"""
no farm town! no no!!! i won't do it!!! and you can't make me!
hanging out with poopbear tonight  funnass
hurts  
"fml  wedding tonight, work in the am  then weekend of relaxing "
added a few more pictures from our wedding  sorry if there are duplicates  
my facebook is in spanish and i cant read it to change the language    help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nevermind    i got it   duh   
i should be crying but i just can't let it show i should be hoping but i can't stop thinking all the things we should've said that i never said all the things we should have done that we never did all the things we should have given but i didn't oh darling make it go make it go away give me these moments give them back to me give me that little kiss give me your hand
what should i be for halloween?
"keep your fingers crossed!! <propfirst> has a interview with a local radio station to be a dj!!!! and if you know him,  he would be the perfect fit for a texas country radio station!"
night world
"<propfemale>, my messenger isn't working  sad  but you know it was funny         smile "
rip bills  you'll be missed   
work   sad 
about to head home then <propfirst> and i are taking <propfemale> and <propfirst> to the dog park  smile  i love it!!!!!
just permanently blocked farmville and mobster crap for the fifth time   lets see if this one sticks  
needs some excitement in her life   
ew weather    sytycd tonight!!! yey!
happy halloween guys    i can't wait to get home and chill out   is it sad that all i want to do is chill and drink cold beer by myself?
"you're such an inspiration for the ways that i will never, ever choose to be"
"wishes there was a way to become a \not a fan\"" and e playful ress her dislike   """
new <propfemale> tonight!!!!!!!  smile 
"had a great weekend! got a new tv today, three day work week, beautiful weather   life is good!"
never dreamed home would end up where i don't belong
oh no! i need emergency dental help for a wisdom tooth!!!! what am i going to do?! its killing me!  sad ((
in an hour and a half i will have my wisdom tooth removed that has ruined my thanksgiving vacation  good riddence  rooty tooty fresh and flutty   smile 
has the most awesomist brother in the world!! yey cruise in feb!!!
had a pretty rough morning   why does my mouth still hurt?!?!!
no snow till my boss lets me go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
okay now its coming down!  sad  i'm stuck at work and do not want to drive in this!!!
   because i think of others     i wonder what me and <propfemale> can get into tonight !?!     smile )))
knows this is the last 7th of december birthday for some  wishes things were different  
my baby is on his first day at his new job!  smile 
whats the difference between <propfemale> claus and tiger woods?  <propfemale> stops at 3 ho's!!!
<propfirst> having a day job is so strange for me    i love that we have dinner together every night though  we have the same bed time  its lovely   it makes me fall in love with him all over again     smile 
"so tonight i'll be your brooklyn    so corny and so far away, just tell me what you want for me to say and if it brings you hope   "
off to <propmale> and <propfirst>'s reharsal dinner    smile  tomorrow they will officially be mr  & mrs  petry  congrats guys!!!
<propfemale> <propfemale> boom boom   
"only once the drugs are done, then i feel like dying  "
outstretched with my head to the floor spent of all my strength relying on yours
dun dun dun dahhhhh dun dun da daaaaaaahhhhh
"this weekend will be absolutely amazing! my family has come together, the rankin side will own christmas, my friends are by far the most amazing people on this planet and i cannot wait to spend precious time with each and every one of them   i love you guys and i will see you soon! ?"
looking forward to the new year  there is so much and so many i'd love to leave in the past and forget    if only the latter was possible 
please help me! i need idea's for a party music mix  any suggestions for fun upbeat background music???
"hey 2009, don't let the door hitcha in the ass on the way out  smile "
one big ass bottle of wine down two more to go    better say happy new years now    so happy new years!!!!
i just informed everyone that half my face is numb but it's not because i had a stroke
ugh! what a way to start the new fuckin year  at least i have work   and my awesome amazing husband and beautiful best friend   smile 
individual <propfemale>! reproductive freedom! reproductive rights!
silky blackness
these last few moments of my weekend just suck    i don't want to go back to work  i just wanna win the lottery and never have to work again      sad 
monday        gahhhh
"ma'am, in the leopard dress, you have an incredible rack"
needs to find a house   no luck   ugh  so stressful!!
has a insatiable hunger for intangible things  
"pink eye, eye infection, and a cold  oh how wonderful today is"
"heading to bed after a crazy day   pink eye sucks, running out of contacts and the dogs eating my glasses is worse! had to make a emergency run to the eye doctor (with visual assistance from <propmale> of course), missed a day of work but my baby's getting me a iphone this weekend    smile  so i will have a 6 month old blackberry storm  up for sale here pretty soon!  smile   smile   smile "
i hate mondays   but what i hate worse then mondays is a 6 day work week   you'd think i'd be used to it by now working the same schedule for two years but i hate it more now then i ever did 
oh i bet you thought i was soft and sweet  thought an angel swept you off your feet  but i'm about to turn up the heat im here for your entertainment!     god i ? <propfirst> lambert
"i have a brand new verizon blackberry storm for sale  only activated never used  comes with all accessories, car charger and the 1 year manufacturers warrenty  i also  have some girlie cases for it too   best offer will be accepted!"
had a dream last night that i traded in my eclipse on a 2010 mitsubishi lancer sportback gts and then won a 30 mil lottery    damn   wondering if that's a sign   hmmmm
god   it's only 2pm   today has crept by    and its not even over yet    3 more hours   3 more hours     
"9\ :["""
leaving work     slow slow day   looking forward to a nice bubble bath when i get home  laugh 
"almost one hour into work    smile  weekend was awesome   fun fun at bernies for matty and travvys bday, saw some old friends so that was awesome!!! house hunting was fruitfull   hopefully start building our new home soon   if it's meant to be it will be yes?"
wew today flew by   already time to head home to my hubby  
"quote of the year \u get one life! be a brat\"" ? <propfemale>  smile """
feeling so tired today   maybe because our trip to baytown last night   not sure   my bed is so hard to get out of in the mornings   
just realized that i can get excited about today being wednesday!!! yey!!!! cause this week is a normal week for me with my saturday off finally!!!!!!! but still so much work to do   smile ))
anyone know when gossip girl and 90210's new shows start?!?!
    feels like shit     crying 
"doppelganger week during this week change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc) you have been told you look like, and repost this message"
starting to worry that i may be more sick then i thought i was  
has the coolest boss   he gave me a leather wrapped <propfirst> daniels flask   what a way to start the work day   
"who wants to join <propfemale>, <propfirst> and i for dinner tonight?"
eye infection   another one   fml  now i only have one contact in   what a weird weird freakin day    congrats <propfemale>!!! hello <propfirst>!!!
"had an amazing weekend   i know this coming weekend is going to be even more amazing then my saint owning the superbowl   if that is even possible?! mardi gras, muddy gras, <propfemale>'s bday    wow   maybe i'll survive it    maybe not  smile "
first day of the rest of my life    smile 
at work  have a headache 
can't wait till my house is finished! hopefully the weather stays nice enough for them to get a bit further with it   about a month 1 2 to go till closing!!!!
bought a new dining room table last night   i hate being a grown up   annoyed 
hopefully by the end of the day i'll have some good news    workin out and dinner at stephs tonight    what a day  i've never looked forward to working out so much before in my whole life   
work work work all day long  i have a feeling this weekend is going to own  sweet butters!!!
"i have a feeling today is going to be a \i'm going to shoot up this place\"" day or a \""oh god  its been that kind of day  i've had how many beers? and i have to work in the morning   \"" day    """
seriously could cry    
jays taking our baby to the doctor  hopefully it isn't anything serious   sad  poor little charlies 
i officially hate today  i hate hate hate today 
my plans tomorrow night: getting shathoused 
work till who the hell knows    it'd be nice to have some sort of idea   apparently you have to be a big dog to be allowed personal plans   woops sorry i had a life  i wish my boss was here  haha
is lovin this loosing ten pound in a week from no sodas!!! summer here i come!!
is feeling better   just in time for the cookoff! this is serious business in the rankin household  i can't wait for saturday!
oh dear god 
"ulta is such a crock  what a crooked company      they fired an amazing stylist for coming in on his day off (off the clock), doing 2 clients hair, letting ulta reep the financial benifits for doing something he could have done at home and charged for, then let him go  what a asinine thing to do  i officially boycott ulta "
has nothing to rush home to today    sad 
's day started out a mess    at least my mood lifted a bit   the suns out   feeling better and better as the day goes on   hopefully tomorrow will be easy breezy so i'm not stumbling into the cookoff all kinds of crazy tomorrow night 
can't wait to go to my babys cookoff   yey! go blowin smoke!!!
about to leave work and head out to support the hubby and his cookoff team tonight! yey!!!!!
everyone cross your fingers    and toes  
"the next time i say i enjoy my job because i love working with people, punch me in the face and remind me of how ignorant and assinine some people can be  k thanks "
is so glad today is almost over     
yey dinner movie plans with <propmale> wood after work!!!  i'm so excited!! i haven't seen poodle since like two weeks ago!!!
"today: i wish for <propfemale>, peace, strength to juggle all tasks thrown at me at once and for there to be an ice cold <propmale> light waiting at home along with my husband when i get off work      one can only wish right?"
needs some peace of mind  like now    and lunch would be nice   i haven't had time to think today  
can't wait till 5 surprise 1pm tomorrow
seriously considering trading in my car   i love it but i'm so tired of shifting   and only being able to <propfemale> 1 2 of a person with me  
got a new office chair and stapler i've been asking for for about a year now! whoo my boss is on a roll  now i wonder if my paycheck will be a bit larger?     i know i know   wishful thinking      smile 
save <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!
is a ball of emotions today   i never cry and i've turned on the water works at least twice today   damn pms        annoyed  haha
ahhhhh real monsters!!!
lá fhéile pádraig:happy st  <propfemale>'s day!!!!!
"hey guys!!! if you get a fan invite from me for landscape depot, please accept!!!!!"
hey guys please become a fan of landscape depot!!!
hey guys! please add landscape depot to your list of fan pages!!! i'm competing with my boss to see how many more people i can get over him! kthanks!!!!!!
everything falls into place but i think i need a little more time and yeah i know my life has changed but honestly i don't know if i'll survive
"hey guys, if you've gotten a request from me to add landscape depot to your fan list please do!!!!"
hates when i'm late to work  i feel like my whole day gets thrown off   
just had the most amazing boudin sandwich and cajun potatoe salad  god i love louisiana!
today was a <propmale> stress free  
"i just asked my boss a question and he belched back \i don't know\"" gross      what a weirdo     annoyed """
is in love with my blue beauty    <propfemale> is a virtue   what'd i say! i knew that car was built for me   and i am now the proud owner   i've never been so happy with such a materialistic purchase  haha   
does anyone know who i need to contact about (fatally) aggressive household dogs that the owners will do nothing about?
<propfirst> moran just came into my office   oh dear   
"i hate people who come into my office and act like they know everything about the product i sell   if i've never seen you, chances are you don't know what you're talking about  there is a reason i do what i do, and you're buying from me  so shut up  kthanks "
good friday = hooters wings courtesy of landscape depot ?
i hate saturday work days    grr    at least its the last work day of the week  
fml
is looking for a rent house in the copperfield area    anyone know of any?
has a ball busting migraine     sad 
accupuncture here i come    so excited  
am i missing something?!?! why won't it let me buy lady gaga tickets?! is it sold out already?!?!!?!!! anyone know?
has the best husband in the world and new hid headlights for my lancer baby    smile 
had tons of fun with <propmale> hanging out on montrose    made a new friend! he's a total doppleganger for <propfirst> lambert  go figure  sleepy sleep time  yey!!!
car is pimp now  hid headlights and tenting   i think i'm done now  
massage time yey!! i'm gonna sleep so good tonight  thanks to my wonderful husband!
fyi the keritin treament is well worth the money and convience of not having to straighten your hair every single day   ask me where i got mine!
"everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts "
got my imogen heap tickets!! yeyness!!!!!
is super excited about hitting montrose tonight with by bestie while looking like movie stars    smile  yeyness!!
i love montrose!!!
trying to find my <propfirst>     smile )
had a great weekend   but can't seem to catch up on my sleep and its taking its toll  
so excited about moving next week  looking forward to being done with apartment living    smile 
is praying today flys by    got to finish laundry and packing today   can't wait to move!!!
"because of administrative day, i get landrys seafood for lunch  how freakin sweet "
"why am i the one that has to make the coffee in the morning?!? i always make it   everyday   i've served my time as a barista    its only classic roast, its not like you're making a 140 soy french vanilla  1 2 pump hazelnut latte extra foam or anything   jeeze  "
"dear friday, i hate you  you really sucked today  just wanted you to know how i felt  i figured we were close enough that i could share sensitive information like that with you "
thinks its so weird to watch you change so much    
"is really excited about moving this thursday   especially after all the drama that unfolded at the apartments this past weekend  just a warning people, do not move to easton village apartments  they have seriously let that place go and they don't care either  "
does anyone know the public record website?
mmmmmm banana bread!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks <propfemale> henderson leblanc!!!!!!!!!!!!! its sooooo yummy!!!!!!
pedicure time with my awesome mother in law <propfemale> rankin
i feel like crap  my whole right side of my face hurts   my lymph-node is so swollen it feels like its going to burst out of my head   
having my homemade chili i made the co workers cause i was tired of listening to them beg me  haha   so good!!!
feels like she's 5 all over again  you'd think i would learn not to trust her  
i guess we're moving today instead   yey?
"almost done moving, house is amazing! so much room and nothing to do with it all! but so so so tired  hopefully we'll put the finishing touches on the move in tomorrow  "
caylee!!! are we still on tonight ?!?!?!!??!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just bought two gardenia plants for our house   smile  they smell like baton rouge and it makes me miss home   annoyed 
needs a break    i don't think my mental health can take much more  
iron man 2 was sexy    thanks to cap'n!!!! amazing!!!!!!!
out with <propmale>! gonna save the world in 4 minutes!!!
's hubby just landing a new fantastic job   smile  so excited for him and our pocketbooks  looks like we'll both be getting our new motorcycles sooner then we thought!  smile )))
loves rocking in my new rocking chair (thanks bestie!!) on my porch !!
oh and new <propfirst> <propfirst> necklace and shoes thanks to my wonderful mother in law! i  heart that woman!!
i like it on the kitchen table   
loves the rain!!!!!!!!!!!
yey blue october!!! i can die a happy lady!!
thinking about having a house warming party next weekend  i need addresses!! shoot me a email with your address!
spring is officially over  no more long work weeks  weird 
"seriously!!! i swear if one more person starts bitching at me again, or hangs up on me or starts there crap i'm going to go postal  last time i checked, its not my fault your life sucks "
today sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hangover just wore off  great    right at the tail end of my one day off  rude 
is looking forward to having normal day's off this weekend with a bonus day off on monday  can't wait!!!!!!!
rip <propfirst> gray 
three more days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
one more day!!!!
just reached a new level of lame and old  the most exciting thing about my day was getting a bottle of turf builder for my lawn and rushing home to use it : s
7 more hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 1 2 more hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who wants to go to howl at the <propfemale> with me tonight?!?!
weekend went by way too fast    bummer
just got a call from her husband asking permission to do something tonight with his bromance partner   haha   kinda makes me feel terrible that he feels he needs permission   hmm  
some people    he is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot  what a waste of space   and that nasty bia on his arm now  ugh! the things i see and cannot do anything about 
"how happy is the blameless vestal's lot! the world forgetting, by the\world forgot  eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! each pray'r\accepted, and each wish resign'd "
"too many guys think i'm a concept, or i complete them, or i'm gonna make them alive  but i'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin' for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours "
stefans surprise birthday party was awesome  thank you all for coming and making it a total blast 
can't figure out if my head hurts because of stefans party last night or because of the wreck i was in    hmmm
weekends over  sad  gotta get things rolling on the claim for the accident tomorrow so i can't get my baby back to new condition   sad  poor poor lancer   
watching old boy band music videos    hhahahhaa   how entertaining!
yey! rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
imogen heap!!!!!!!! and <propmale> christophers!!!!!!!!
paying bills    i hate moving because i feel a rush to use all the old checks that have our old address on them   so i'm trying to pay any and everything by check now a days   
's mental health is really suffering at this point   oh that bottle of wine hanging out in my fridge is going to be amazing when i get home from work   
this getting up at the crack of <propfemale> thing is grating on my nerves   
going to see my momma in law  smile  what a wonderful woman 
going to  cirque du soleil tonight with my bestie <propmale> wood! yey!! so excited!!!
oh gosh   1 year anniversary in 4 days! seems like we've been married forever hahah  
just heard the most heartbreaking words   fml
"mom used to tell me \anyone can be a mother but not everyone can be a mom\""  smile """
happy fathers day daddy! and happy 1 year anniversary boo boo!
another dollar another day
feels like poop
"quote of the day:  money can't make you happy, but it makes being miserable a whole lot easier - <propmale> rucker"
almost back to normal  hopfully tomorrow will be a better day then today 
"family friends, we are going to lay my momma to rest tomorrow morning  if you'd like funeral arrangement information just shoot me an email  thanks to everyone for your support during this time "
thank you to everyone who came to my mommas funeral  it was beautiful and i know she's in heaven dancing with jesus  the support is tremendous and greatly appreciated 
"all that i am or ever hope to be, i owe to my angel mother"
"a dear co worker and friend of mine will be laid to rest tomorrow  rip <propfirst>  your laughter, words of wisdom and kind heart will be greatly missed  thank you for always being there for me and your support  everyone who had the pleasure of knowing you has lost a great friend  rest in peace my friend "
"just realized how tough these past few weeks have been and really surprised i haven't lost my mind yet   my heart really hurts   it seems i need her more now then i've ever needed her before  every aspect of my day is consumed by the thought that if she were here, i could move forward "
looking at new tundras for my husband smile 
"one more day, one more time   but then again i know what it would do, leave me wishin' still for one more day with you  "
uh oh someones getting <propfirst> lambert and rent tickets   freakin' amazing!
is the proud owner of a vip ticket for rent on broadway   smile  can't wait!!!!
and <propfirst> lambert tickets!!!!!!!!!  smile ))))
today would have been my momma and daddys 44th wedding anniversary  i love you momma and we miss you more then anything  i pray for peace of mind for my daddy because he's having a tough time moving forward without the love of his life by his side 
rough day 
"anyone have any dinner recipe's they'd like to share? <propfirst> picks at me and my \coon-ass\"" cooking \""somthin' and rice\"" so i think its time to mix it up a bit  any and everything welcome!  smile """
got the day off tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how did this happen!?!?! sweet butters!!!!
and just got lady gaga tickets! omg  this is so freakin' amazing!!!
getting ready for a nail appointment then who knows     but it's going to be great
guys be very careful driving around tonight! cops everywhere! it's a step day and they will pull you over! 1960 is hot tonight 
"one month  i miss you  all that i am or ever hope to be, i owe to my angel mother"
lady gaga!!!!!!! here we come!!
19 years ago today god gave me a set of wonderful adoptive parents  a strong christian father and a lovely gentle mother who is now watching over us in heaven  thank you both for who i am today  i miss you momma  xoxo
these diary entries don't seem so healthy anymore 
"gentle now\the tender breeze\blows\whispers through\my gran torino\whistling another\tired song"
ugh  wine hangover  no fun 
rent!!!!! no one understands me!!!!!
"sticky with champagne it's okay, it's her birthday"
oh life  i don't like you very much right now  if you will please cut me a break or two i'll buy you a round this weekend 
"the only thing that ever came easy to her was me and tragedy so girl go ahead and drink, i can only be so many things, but when you leave, please, leave your pretty to me   "
"now, more then ever   homesick   "
strange things are happening in my house at night   losing sleep   losing my mind  
slow day  
crossing my fingers  downing my coffee  hoping today will be a good day 
"the walk has all been cleared by now, your voice is all i hear somehow, i could have lost myself in rough blue waters in your eyes and i miss you still"
finally conquered this damn migrain  thank you dr nadeen  worse one yet   sad 
the death of a mother is the first sorrow wept without her
get out of my way stool  
made amazing parmesan chicken for dinner!!
is so excited that my childhood best friend <propfirst> cavitt is back in my life after years of searching for him!! i ? that kid!
"yes, it is true   i do those kind of parties     interested?  smile "
"thank you to those friends who are coming to support me on my big day! i hope the rest of you can make it!!! i am so excited and so proud of myself, i have put a lot of effort into my launch party and countless hours of work and i really cannot wait to showcase it all amongst those who i love and care for so much  thank you"
"excited: bestie and hubby turning a year older next week and celebrations this weekend  my launch party next weekend  oh wow, i'm a busy busy <propfemale> "
almost won the damned scavenger hunt      sad 
this weekend was absolutely fanominal and my two favorite peoples birthdays are tomorrow and tuesday  happy happy birthday my darling husband and beautiful best friend 
"i know you said it'd be okay, sometimes i question just the same, i wonder if my problems are too small then i look back and realize all your pain and sacrifice, oh how you suffered for us all  "
oh no     went from feeling fine to a raging sore throat and congestion  looks like i won't be enjoying my nice long weekend afterall   sad 
oh balls   i hate getting sick   i never know what to do cause i never get sick    sad 
having boudin for lunch   reminds me of my mom  we used to wait for the nights my dad wouldn't make it for dinner and have boudin cause he didn't like it   smile 
"hey friends! my other <propfemale> is legit  i made one for my business so if you get an invite, please add it! if not, don't feel hurt  i'll get to you eventually with this <propmale> of 25 friends a day thing fb is doing   annoyed  thanks!!!"
going to my momma and dads for the last time   memories and some of her favorite things are all i have left 
back to work   annoyed   looks like its going to be a rainy week 
looks like we're shutting down early  yey! (until payday when my check is short) but its nice cause i have sooo much to do!
ladies!!! just wanted to update you all  my launch party is tomorrow at 5 smile 0pm  looks like its going to be a great turn out!!! tons of ladies will join me in celebrating the beginning and start of my new business! i cannot wait to see you all and meet your friends!!!
gnight fb     sooooo tired  zzzzzzz      
bonus question    what is the liquid epitome of self gratification?
"my launch party last night was fantasic!!! thank you to those ladies who came out to support me     i sold tons, made tons and booked more parties!! thank you!!!!!"
i'm on fire after my launch party! running a special for this coming sunday & friday sept  24 & saturday 25th!!!! email me right away if you'd like to schedule your party!!! if you do on those days you will get a $50 hostess credit to use that night!!!
"booked a party for mrs  ambre, <propmale> wood 's momma this weekend! its her birthday!!!"
it's friday!!!! pay day and one more day till the weekend! going to celebrate my besties momma's birthday tomorrow night!  smile  can't wait   then have amazing homemade fried catfish at the inlaws   mouth watering!!!
"\let he among us without sin be the first to condemn  la vie boheme   \"""""
it seriously never ends   peace is apparently too much to ask for
who wants to host there very own girls night in this saturday night?!?!?! receive an additional $50 in free products on top of everything else!!!!
two party times available! this saturday evening and anytime sunday! get it before its gone!!!
"in bed, wearing my mans shirt, watching gossip girl on the dvr and waiting till its over so i can sleep the troubles away   "
"westboro baptist church seriously is one of the few things that get my blood boiling   crossing my fingers for the repeal of \don't ask don't tell\"""""
"booking special\for halloween!!! lets have some costume parties!!!!! email to book\yours and ask about my halloweenie specials i'm running!!!!!"
booking specialfor halloween!!! lets have some costume parties!!!!! email to bookyours and ask about my halloweenie specials i'm running!!!!!
"ladiesi have been challenged to hold 20 parties in october and i only need3 more!!! i will be giving the next 3 girls that host a party inoctober a free basic instinct! if you don't know what this product is, message me!"
"huge\booking special ladies!! book your party with me this sunday through\thursday and not only will you receive 10% of sales for a free shopping\spree, a free gift from me just for having me over, but $75 in free\product of your choice!!!!"
going through some really old photo's from my parents house   wow oh wow   will post my favorites later  smile 
weather feels fantastic    making this cup of coffee extraordinary   
"special\announcement: i just realized that i have the 30th of october available\for a slumber party  what a perfect way to start your halloween costume\party!!!! first come first served!!!  smile  i'll even throw in an incentive\to your guests to dress up!!!  smile "
's ? <propfirst> rankin
hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head 
happy october!!!!!
"hmmm my dad, my husband and my best friend are all hanging out at her office   sad  weird   wish i was there  lol"
"oh btw, my daddy's having an estate sale right now, you can message me for the address if you know some estate garage sale fans  its located off <propfemale> and 249"
"little boxes on the hillside, little boxes made of ticky tacky little boxes on the hillside little boxes just the same, theres a green one and a pink one and a green one and a yellow one and there all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same "
welcome's marida fender to my team of slumber party sisters   smile  i'm so excited to have you!
doctors appts all day :z ugh
long weekend ahead! marida fender's launch party is tomorrow & <propfemale> barnard is going to be <propfemale> for a day on saturday! i can't wait to see marida in action and spoil <propfemale> rotten!  smile 
so excited about <propfemale> barnard's slumber party tonight! i'm going to spoil her rotten!!!
3 1 2 months ago my world was turned upside down  some say its not healthy keeping track of how much time has passed but it's only out of spite that i track the days lost  i can't help it 
"officially\boycotting taco <propfemale> forever  if you can't employ people who can read\orders, then the whole place should be shut down  a taco is the staple\of this place and yet they manage to throw whatever they can grab on\top of it and send it out  why does my taco have nacho cheese, beans\& sour cream on it ? you'd t   hink i'd learn when this happens every other time  "
"referral\game starts today at 5pm!! now until friday at 5pm you have a <propmale> to\rack up some serious free products! tell every girl you know!!! for every 1 booked party for the\month of november you'll get $20 gift certificate, for 2 parties $40\for 3 parties $60 for 4 $80!! ask your girl friends to help you by\booking there own free slumber party!!!"
"dear facebook friends, all test results have come back negative and i was issued a clean <propmale> of health by the doctors today  i am officially in remission and would like to thank each of you for the support, prayers and love i've received over this three year long process  please please please get the hpv vaccination  it could save your life!"
"today's turned out to be a fantastic day  smile  got some great news from the doctors, an amazing rock from my hubby, and one of my most favorite friends <propmale> <propfirst> is back from <propfemale> and relaxing on my sofa  smile "
rip my dear friend <propfemale>   you will be missed
had a blast last night with <propfirst> thomley at her slumber party!! tonight is bachelorette madness with <propmale> and her girls! i can't wait!!!!!  busy busy weekend!!!
"attention cypress creek & hamilton orchestra members: looks like <propfirst> busse is organizing a reunion concert sometime in the near future! if you did not receive an invite, please let me know if you'd be interested because i'd love to see you guys again and i'll keep you posted on any information i get "
would like to welcome <propfemale> woloson to my slumber party family! welcome!!!!
"finally on my way home  smile  going to have dinner, then a nice relaxing \epsom bath with a glass of wine; nothing could compare"
is craving some amazing coon ass cooking  smile  and my momma's shrimp creole spaghetti  sad 
"i got a <propfemale> in my pocket and a gun in my purse, bring semi precious weapons or you might get hurt   "
"insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and e playful ecting different results; so point the finger all you want, but in reality you're the only one to blame"
"like my status and\i'll tell you: 1 something i've learned about you from looking at your\wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory\of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered aboutyou  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a nickname "
gold teef for err body
pumpkin carving with guns  smile 
"had a fantastic weekend  pumpkin carving with guns, cajun food, good company    and gold teef for errbody!"
just saw the house of my dreams    so i went and bought lottery tickets
tomorrow's the big halloween party!!! rsvp if you haven't already!
"the next person i see that puts another door ding in my brand new car, i'm gonna beat to a bloody pulp   why people have no respect for other peoples belongings i have no clue but i swear after i get a hold of them they'll run from any blue car they see   "
"halloween party was fantastic!!! so much fun, so many good friends  smile  thank you all for coming!"
<propfirst> left for his hunting trip to ozona  sad  hair appointment today gonna cut color keratin so excited!!! and this weather make's me so happy!!!!
beautiful weather  smile   vacation coming up!  smile   new hair   smile   turning a year older this weekend   sad   hahahahhaa  
leaving the last of my tangible memories of my childhood and my momma behind    all i have left is memories    sweet memories   
yey jays coming home early from his hunting trip  smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm so excited!!!!!
can't wait to go home and go back to bed  smile 
my friends threw me a surprise bday party!!!
my surprise birthday party was fantastic and so much fun    i have the greatest friends a girl can ever ask for  i seriously love every single one of them more then words can e playful ress    
"today is monday, tomorrow is my wednesday and wednesday is my saturday  smile  vacation time is right around the corner!  smile "
"if i could start again a million <propmale> away, i would keep myself, i would find a way"
you can't choose your family but you can choose your friends 
vacation starts in 8 hours!!!
its sad that i'm excited about a new episode of the bad girls club on fancast  
25 minutes!!!!!!!! then bye bye <propmale>!!!!
ahhhhh vacation time!!!!!!!
now in arkansas!!
<propfirst> and i just fell inlove with little rock
headed back to texas   beautiful drive   
"i dreamt of her last night    it makes me so angry that i have to live without her and it seems like everyone else has what i want \most   "
about to head back to <propmale>  
f u shoneys    f u!!!
home sweet home   
i've never loved <propmale> as much as i do this very moment    roadtrippin' is just not for me   
gah   i hate paying bills   but i like that i can do so  
i am so thankful for all my true friends  
"in\memory of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried, but never\met, or held in our arms  make this your profile status if you or\someone you know has suffered a miscarriage or the loss of a baby  the\majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo\subject "
is making homemade potato soup tonight  yum yum
"today\is national survivors of suicide day  if you have lost a loved one to\suicide, you are thought of today  if you know someone who lost a loved\one to suicide, please reach out to them today "
ordered pizza for lunch and they didn't cut it!  sad  oh jeeze
it's shotgun sunday!
woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning   its only 9:15 am and there has already been 3 casualties   let's hope this cup of coffee helps  for the sake of others   lol
6 1 2 more hours!!!!!!!! then the thanksgiving festivities begin   
"one more hour!!!! then blue will taxi <propfemale> <propfemale> mcdonald and i home, wine, dinner & rest   oh sweet butters  "
going back to bed  bye bye black friday  
back out for black friday    gonna do some christmas shopping with my awesome friends then may get into some trouble tonight  smile 
i want a bouquet of carrots    
"going shopping with the hubby bear  i love this long weekend   i love this weather, i love good hair days     "
opportunities have e playful iration dates
this weekend just didn't last long enough    now looking forward to christmas and the time off that comes with it   
mmm grilled hamburgers for dinner    stephy and hubby were so sweet to have dinner ready when i got home from work   smile 
is getting a headache   i swear   these end of the day headaches are wearing out their welcome    sad 
omgeee    its way too cold outside   i wish we had a fireplace in this dang house!!!!!!!
it's so hard to get moving today    it's so cold    
is rocking the hobo hat today  
"finally, after three days straight of uploading all my freakin cd's to my itunes, its almost done! looks like maybe 10 or so cd's left    now on to figuring out what all these untitled ones are   dang  "
"change\your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to\not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight\against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite\your friends to do the same"
i need to start taking vitamins i think   i'm always so tired and never have any energy   any recommendations?
"changeyour fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? tonot see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fightagainst child abuse & copy & paste to your status to inviteyour friends to do the same"
wants to see the kings speech   
"is curious, what are you guys asking for chirstmas? what is your \must have\"" this year?"""
romping around texas city   
"done christmas shopping, found my new years dress on sale  smile , got my new years calender and my car washed! what a productive day!!!!!"
i never got the memo about the parade down hwy 6 till i turned into it on my way to dinner    sad 
dinner tonight with my mother in law <propfemale> rankin! fun fun!!!
today is my mom's birthday  i love you and miss you very much  rip ?
"#31985  you came into my life at the best moment   you make me smile and you just keep proving what a great friend you are  you are true, you tell it like it is and your beautiful!  smile  and i love you!"
"#9993 your my favorite! your so sweet, and kind    you are beautiful inside and out! xoxo"
"send a # to my inbox, and i set a status about you \anonymously \""  smile  when you see your # you will know it is something for you!!"""
#8844 you have turned out to be a lovely woman & mother  you've always proven yourself to be loyal and honest and i admire you more and more as the years go by  plus you make pretty babies!  smile 
13- i remember you always being so nice and funny    you always had a smile on your face    you were part of my fondest memories of high school and i love seeing how wonderful  your life turned out  i'm proud of you!
527- your my rock and my second half! your the most amazing person and you are my family  i love you so much!!!! your the bestest friend ever!!!!!!
#16 i miss your crazy antics! you used to make orchestra so fun!
98745- you are such a sweetie   i miss you! you were always positive and reassuring when i was down and you always made me want to do better in all aspects of my life  i don't think you realize how much impact you have on people  smile  you have a beautiful family   
"#205 - we have been through a lot, and i'm just so happy with the way things have turned out   you have turned into a beautiful woman and fantastic mother   i wish we <propmale> out more but i'll take what i can get  smile "
"#8008- you are my heart and soul  you have the spirit of a child but the wisdom of age  you are one of the few that i can cry with, laugh with and leave with a renewed passion for life  you support me and i love you more then words can e playful ress "
"#782- miss t<propfemale>! you have always been my fan from day 1  you are a true friend and have always been  i don't get to <propfemale> out with you as much as i'd like but when we do, it's like no time has passed  you have taught me new things, you let me grow and you always look out for me  you are my sista' from anotha' mista' haha   i love you so much!"
"#27 - even though you have every reason, you don't act like your better then anyone  you don't judge people  you know what you have and you appreciate it  you always act like a lady  unlike some nasty few, you don't snub people or go out of your way to intentionally hurt someones feelings  "
427- we started out best friends and down the road i failed at my job of friend  i'm sorry  i love that we can still keep in touch though  i am so proud of you and what you've done and that little ball of sunshine you gave birth too  you have turned into a beautiful young woman and i am thankful you gave me another <propmale>  thank you 
#5912 -  i love you! you have a big heart and the greatest smile  you always keep me on my toes and i love hanging out with you!!!  smile 
"2010 is almost\over! confess one thing you\always wanted to say to me!\[inbox only] put this as your\status! you might be surprised!"
making homemade chicken and dumplins'!!!  smile 
thinking of going to <propfemale>'s wonderland next weekend   who's down for piling in the truck??? 10 people <propmale>!
made some homemade chili for the office today   yum yum   
has the most stubborn headache     sad 
"uhhh   i'm in such a bad mood    stupid bad dreams, stupid non working sleep function on the damn tv that kept me up half the night, stupid people, stupid weather, stupid christmas music  "
aw a retail customer brought me christmas cookies! how sweet!!!
my dad just told me the most heart breaking thing i could ever hear    he doesn't want anything for christmas   he just wants her   me too
ear ache    sad  anyone know where to get sweet oil or know what it is?
looking forward to christmas with my family   smile  so much to do still! at least i was done christmas shopping and wrapping a couple of weeks ago   smile 
i seriously think something is living in the cabinets above my stove    <propfirst>'s not here and i don't think a taser is going to help   
of course i'd catch a cold three days before christmas   especially since i have to cook for a million people  
christmas music makes me want to puke   
about to leave work and not coming back till monday morning   smile  yey for christmas!
just had christmas with the in laws!  smile  i love them    now for the rankin christmas with our besties  smile 
i have a feelin that i'll be sent home from work soon with this rain    oh gloomy days   perfect weather for hot cocoa & sweeney <propmale>  smile 
oh what a day   looking forward to kicking 2010 in the ass tomorrow night   goodbye & good riddance    (but bittersweet)
<propfemale> henderson leblanc 's stew is the bomb    smile  just like my momma used to make  yum yum
oh lazy sunday    doing laundry and hanging with the hubby before he starts his new job in the morning!  smile 
seems like everyone's status update is in regards to dreams they had last night   mine was weird   very weird  
yey i'm going bowling with my daddy for his birthday this weekend! i'm so excited  it's been a tough few months and i can't wait for him to do something he truely enjoys   he deserves it  smile 
"the things my husband says    \wanna share a plate of oysters? if not that'd be \""shelfish\"" get it?!?\"" hahahahahahaha"""
just finished our budget for next month  now to shower and relax with some family guy re runs   
"it's killing me, miss you  want you by my side    "
oh thats right   its almost that time of year again! cook off time!! maybe this year we can take the championship brisket again!!!!! woohoo!!!!!!!!
at work   and it's raining  sad  but looking forward to the day regardless 
excited about my lunch date with <propfirst> baker
"i drink a coffee every morning, comes from a place that's far away, and when i'm done i feel like taking, without you here, there is less to say   "
wishing my husband <propfirst> rankin luck at his orientation at hpd  nail it baby!  smile 
"did anyone watch the premier of skins? if so, what do you think about it?"
nasty weather  sad  i hate driving in this stuff
"is e playful ecting!! i know, i know, it's crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official  i mean who would have guessed that we are e playful ecting!! yup it's official  we are e playful ecting *snow* thursday night and again friday!!"
"everythings frozen! my grass, my doorknob, my car     sad  if freeze brought it's friend snow, i would be more forgiving   "
"leaving work at noon, shopping for tristens bday party tomorrow then resting  smile "
"just wanted to share something with my facebook friends, please do not use first class reality  they are crooks and dishonest  it has been a nightmare dealing with them  whatever you do, do not buy a house from them or rent any of there properties    thanks"
so bored    about to fall asleep standing up   
one more hour! then preparing for miss <propfemale> holmes' birthday partay! yeyeyey
fabulous night    i freakin love extreme bowling! never been bowling with such a huge group of people! worked out like a charm!! gonna make this a habit!
"woke up late, with a cold and a nasty case of pink eye    then my neighbor blocked my car in and i had to bang on his door for twenty minutes for him to wake up   of course that didn't help me get to work on time  wth   why is it so hard to park in your spot so you're not blocking people in?!?"
"a customer just told me i must not clean or do dishes because my nails \are pretty\""     ummm   rude!"""
on my way to getting things in order   feels great!
cook off next week! yey!
"oh the cook off crazyness has begun  i won't see my husband much for the next two weeks   but booze, brisket & a band   can't get better  smile "
work then mani pedi with mr  <propmale> wood looking forward to relaxing!
"nice and cool outside   going to take <propfemale> jalapeno to the dog park, then tan then well i dunno   where ever my crazy ass lands  "
hate renewing my car registration    there goes my shoe money   dang
oh busy busy week so far   come on friday    then cook off time!
"so excited!!! the cook off starts tonight! the hubby is a busy <propfemale> early this morning, i get to see my freakin awesome sister in law <propfemale> rankin and maybe mr clay leatherwood ?!?"
"hey guys, if you know someone with a cdl looking for a truck driving position email me, our 1960 mills and <propfemale> location are hiring a driver  "
cook off!!!!!! maybe we will take championship brisket again!!!!
the cookoff saves lives  smile 
last night was a blast     waiting for round two!!
my hubby made bomb ribs    we just have our finalist walk!!!!!
"just wanted to update you guys on how jays team did over the weekend  we placed top 10 in ribs, chicken and brisket and won the recycling award, of course, again  smile "
<propfirst> moran just came into my office again   gave me his business card  haha   this guy   cracks me up    
"feels terrible   burning up, can't breath and my chest feels like i practiced fire breathing all night   i hate spring because i'm so busy i can't even stay home  "
i feel like death eating on a dill pickle  confidential 
"new iphone, new clothes(fyi, lavo in the mall = dream come true), new shoes    \great day!!!"
now my phones not working   wth?! how can a new iphone work one minute then the next its deader then a door nail? it wont even charge?!?!
sad day   both my daddy and my brother are moving on the 5th    out of state   practically the only family i have left are leaving me here  
is so tired   needs more sleep
she had her hands   
"facebook friends, please help   i need to find a psychiatrist that can diagnose add in the nw or west (<propfemale>) part of town    please email me if you know one!!! thanks!!!! btw, if they take blue cross blue shield that'd be a huge bonus!"
soooo busy!!! i hate spring!!!
just put my vacation request in   come on may 23rd!!!!
what loser spends there friday night at sams club?! this loser!!!
oh let the madness begin    hurry please mr  5 o'clock!
convo between me and my boss: me: \omg," i can't remember anything! what if i have alzheimer? young people can get it too!!\"" \"f5834085a7e4ae9bb0ce8faae1d5bdc9,going to dinner for alessia's birthday!!! my little sista' from anotha' mista' is a year older today!!!
wow amazing    salmon and champagne!
the pecking order irritates the ever living crap out of me   we are the reason they have what they have   we go without and they just keep taking   it would be nice to be acknowledged every once in a while
gtl time    well the g part    t and l are done   
"awesome work out, now for a home made chicken, rice and broccoli dinner  smile "
"there's a knock to his fist as he swings, oh man, what a beautiful thing  "
"every now and then, soft as breath upon my skin i feel you come back again, and it's like you haven't been gone a moment from my side   there's one more angel watching over me   i believe "
just owned gtl    cacawwww!!
"already lost 10lbs, and three shades darker   oh jeeze   here we go  smile "
"seriously, just got yelled at by a customer for answering my work phone line while she's standing in front of me, even though i kindly said, pardon me just a moment  then yelled at for the prices of material and refusing to \cut a deal\"" with some white boy thug who claims his ford 150 is a hummer h2  wtf """
banana
about to bid my daddy a sad farewell
"i'm not bi polar, i'm bi winning"
"i hate april fools   if you try to pull one over on me, i'm gonna punch you in your face  smile "
going to baker street! happy birthday <propfemale>!
this only one day off thing sucks right about now    i never have time to do anything  sad 
