c6988df239efd7e1451315961c913a45
is hoping 2010 brings a lot more joy to all of our lives
"feels a little better, slept all day yesterday  lets see how my stomache deals with today "
tgif
i just love rainy mondays 
feels much better after going to the gym 
starting to get quite frustrated 
"its almost the weekend, 1 more day of work "
waking up at 6 smile 0 on asaturday is not good 
misses her man 
"is very happy  it's a long weekend, and i get to see my man tonight !! hopefully ? "
had a great 4th  finally got to spend time with my man   smile 
cant wait for the weekend !!!
it's monday already!?
the week is half over! cant wait for tomorrow when i get to see my <propfirst>
i absolutely love this weather !!!
here's to hoping that this week goes by as fast as last week  for a monday i'm awfully awake and alert 
"ok, done at the gym  by wednesday i probably wont be able to move lol"
is not as sore as i thought i would be 
has no ambition to go to work today 
"so thanks to some kind of flying insect, i know look like i was stabbed in the neck with an ice pick  wtf !"
has an annoying little headache that wont go away 
it's pay day !!
has the day off tomorrow !!
doesnt want to go back to work tomorrow 
finally the weekend!
has the day off !
is sad that i have to go back to work today
home at last   time to sleep
off to six flags with the family today
"after walking around in the sun for 8 hours,im not as burnt as i thought i would be "
really does not want to go back to work for a staff meeting
banana cream cheesecake !!!
out of work early ! now what to do before i go to the gym?
"another short day i hope, yesterday dragged "
wants to be in comfty pjs all day
goodnight all 
"oh god , it's monday already "
is sore and doesnt want to move
has the day off 
is surprised at how easy it was to get up at 5am today 
"it's friday, and we have a long weekend, yay!"
have a happy long weekend everyone 
"look out world, another woman is going to be entering the labreck clan "
going out with my soon to-be sister in law today
sick=  bed all day 
hi ho hi ho its back to work i go    
hopefully i can last the whole day at work today 
thank god its almost the weekend ! one more day
really doesn't want to be up at 5am tomorrow 
3 day weekend for me !!
very tired today 
has dinner made and with <propfirst> for the night
half way through the week
its gonna be a long friday
wishes her bf was closer for a movie day 
cant wait ti gi back to bed later 
its a bad idea to go to the gym when you are already extremely over tired
its friday  work is done  thank god
it is soooooo cold out this morning
hates cold mornings
doent like that the warm weather is gone and the freezing cold will be here soon
"has had it with the dog and i just got home  the little\ prince\"" decides that when i take him to the bathroom that it is a good time to go visit all of our neighbor friends  so im standind in the yard like an idiot calling him for 20 <propfemale>  then just prances right back to me like he did a good thing  he is so lucky he is so damn cute right now """
does anyone else think that it is just wrong that it is snowing already?
"up at 5 am again, for another short day at work"
where it the light at the end of the tunnel?
where is the light at the end of  the tunnel ? will i ever see it?
swine flu is in grafton 
finally the weekend 
"sick, slept all day and still feel tired "
"so after 2 days of nothing but sleeping, i still feel gross, but not getting sick anymore so i have to go to work  lets see how the day plays out "
"yay! the lyme test came back negative  they think he may have just sprained his leg, pr tore the muscle a little( lets hope its not a tear)"
"if nothing else thank the lord for your family  cause when shit hits the fan, they are the only ones to help you with it "
i love days that turn out way better then you think they will !
is up way too early 
cant wait for today to be over
"oh mondays, how i hate you "
thank you to everyone for the great birthday wishes !
it's friday !
being back to reality really sucks 
"all i wanted was a few days with no agenda and now that i have them, i find myself very bored "
the week is half over !
it's f'ing cold out  i hate the cold
does not like the fact that winter has to come after it being so warm  what happened to the season of fall? where did it go?
hoping that everyone has a <propfemale> christmas and that they are with the ones they love
is having a great new years <propfemale>  now gonna sit down and play <propfirst> on the wii with my lil <propmale>
not really looking forward to getting back into the routine of things tomorrow 
getting back into the swing of things  5am came way to quick today
forgot over the last two weeks how much it sucks getting up at 5am everyday  especially when it is this cold out  i hate the winter 
last day of the work week for me  hahaha  i love my new job 
my head wants to go boom  motrin where are you?
waking up to see that it is only 9 degrees out ! wtf i want to go back to bed now 
off to the dentist then work til about 7-730 
"well the week is half over, cant wait for friday "
i truely hate insurance companies 
3 day weekend !!
has a headache after spending the afternoon painting
"so it's 5 smile 0 am and the snow hasn't started yet, this should be a fun drive to work today "
goodmorning 
is making marshmallow men with the kids today
my weekend starts today ! game night with the family tonight
is it summer vacation yet? i hate getting up at 5am for the kids cause of school on mondays
not as productive as usual this morning  work at 11
waiting for <propfirst> and <propmale> to get home for dinner
mouth hurts
really wishes that i was still numb 
"back to work today, this should be interesting"
not a bad day  no pain for the most part
babysitting most of the day 11am- ?
is soooo tired  i just wish my jaw would stop aching
"the house is nice and quiet  picking up and vaccuuming done, now what else?"
long day with lots of kids= big headache
<propfemale> not excited about this snow coming
i hate not being able to shake this feeling 
is sick of not being appreciated for some things 
"it will be a good day, it will be a good day, it will be a good day "
well its thursday  one more day after today  thank goodness
such  beautiful weekend  its so sad that it has to end 
doesnt want to be up right now 
lets see how today pans out considering i already woke up over an hour late  oh joy 
"lets see, its thursday  that means dinner with my man, and i get to see my little <propmale> today  its gonna be a good day "
"it needs to get warmer, now "
is just done with this week  where is the fastforward button?
why on such an amazing day do i feel so gross?
"finally doesn't feel like a zombie, just in time to go to bed  lol, gotta love it "
"if nothing else, today will be a good day "
"i swear, if my assignment doesn't go through right this time, i'm pitching the laptop across the house lol"
am finding that i am very bored considering i have so much to do  just don't want to do it
"feels like i slept about 20 minutes last night  ugh  here we go day, lets hope your a good one "
"its thursday, its a pay week, and teacher appreciation week  why is it that all the good weeks fly by before you know it?"
all the amazing flowers our parents gave us are horrible for my allergies 
too much to do with no way near enough time to do it  its gonna be a long rest of the week 
"too hot to do school work  although it is due today, ugh gotta get it done "
happy 5th birthday <propfirst>!!!!! auntie loves you so much 
why ?
its gonna <propfemale> long day in the house if it rains
is so tired  thank god the day is over 
"oh thursday, can we please jus skip over you"
feels blah   movies all day is ok with me 
"still feels blah, stupid rain last week making me think i dont have to take my allergy meds "
wants to go back to bed 
dislikes being onhold with the vet only to have them come back and say can we call you back? we dont want you to stay holding the line up 
so happy to be able to sleep in my own bed again last night 
hates waking upwith a massive headache
"the drama needs to stop, and people need to get their heads out of their ass's"
"class number 2 down, 2 more to go "
"it's not fair, the days when i can sleep in i'm up at 5:45 "
it will be a good day 
dislikes having to do school work all day 
i think yet another trip to the vet will be scheduled for tomorrow 
where oh where is my island?
lets see what else can go to crap!
the pile keeps getting higher and higher 
why is it that there is at least 1 person pissed at me at all times?
"with how complicated life is, the after life better be some hell of a party"
"trying to look on the bright side of things  key word \ trying\"""""
the bright side seems to be getting brighter 
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and for those who continue to conquer it  put this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did, will you? ???"
sad 
"yay, for friday !!"
hopefully relaxing and doing homework today  its sad that it has to be inside when its so beautiful out 
"is done with being told i have to do things, to make everyone elses lives easier "
thursday   the week is almost over 
"it's back to reality time, gotta get up at 5am to take care of the kids "
<propfirst> starts kindergarten today !!he told me that he thinks he will be a little nervous  lol
"what a beautiful day  went hiking with my sister and <propfirst>, what is next?"
back to work today 
wishes that it was still light out when i get up at 5am  don't want  summer to end  not looking forward to the cold 
peach pie is in the oven  had an awesome time with <propfirst> and <propfirst> at the apple orchard!
wants to go back to bed 
goodbye blonde hair !!!
"another busy day, ready to get started "
"while i'm waiting, i will not fade\i will be running the race, even while i wait "
gotta love crazy mornings 
completely done with today !
is up and moving for the cancer walk with the girlies from work today 
"today is a new day, what will it bring    who knows?"
"very good day considering the kids couldn''t go outside this afternoon, but still glad that it's over  all i want is my pj's"
"why is it on the days i can sleep longer, the dog decides he wants to play at 5 smile 0 am  your lucky your cute beckett "
"goodnight  head is pounding, again "
day off and still up at 5 am  what is wrong with me?
"off to foxboro for the day  pdd day, at least i don't have to drive far, so sorry mays "
"can't wait for a day off tomoorrow, so i can actually sleep in a bit "
back to work  i can sleep on friday 
i wish waking up at 5am wasn't so hard  but of course i'm wide awake at 3am  
it's sad when sleeping in for me means waking up at 7am  rehersal for the wedding then babysitting later 
"not even a three day work week has me excited to be up right now  think i'm starting to get a cold, great "
want to be somewhere warm 
loves my big brother  he can get me so angry and within 5 seconds can also have me want to cry  love you kiss-a-fur 
"every\person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only one: to get better  i \know, that 97% will not post this as their status, be one of the 3% and \put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those who died \because of cancer or are still fighting it "
paranormal state and laundry
"lets try this hair thing again  hopefully it works, thanks to <propfirst>"
"love being able to read to <propfirst> before bedtime  he is so sweet, one more book auntie please?"
very sad that it is sooo cold out
"november 1, 2010 and its 28 degrees  you gotta be kidding me "
"the thought of <propfemale> with combat boots and a can of tuna instead of a pumpkin, just popped in my head  love you <propfirst> "
can't f ing stand people who think they can rule your life and others by intimidating you  grow the f up 
thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes 
hate waking up crying  i feel like i'm one of the kids 
sooo tired i want to go to bed now 
"38 days til christmas  well, crap "
anyone know a dentist that is open on the weekend?
good thing i looked at my schedule before i left  don't have to be in until 10 smile 0  so it's just my luck this week that i was up at 5 surprise 0 
"hates that it is dark out when i get up in the morning, and when i get home after work  kinda depressing "
trying really hard not to psych myself out about the dentist tomorrow    
"loves my man who is always there when i need him, and always there to take care of me "
really wishes that this headache would go away 
i truely hate the dentist  stressed and have an enormous headache now 
"14 years, i love and miss you daddy "
"feeling very under the weather, i hope it's not the grossness that's going around "
wishes my throat would stop hurting so i could drink my coffee  i don't feel like thats too much to ask  gotta get moving and ready for work
"can't wait for tonight  making a gingerbread village with <propfirst>! hopefully this one the dog will not eat this year  lol, oh beckett you are our dog alright "
shopping is finally all done  now i just gotta get my butt in gear to wrap all of it 
"love that during vacation week the news station still sends me a text saying that the school will be closed tomorrow  well, no kidding  lol"
"wow, it's thursday already ?"
yay ! it's friday 
yay it's friday!
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you here  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really    does  <propfemale> family &          friendship  thank you for being part of my life
migraine starting  this should be fun
kinda getting annoyed that nothing i do is ever right 
shoveling while having a cold doesn't mix well
"so wish this cold would go away  it would be nice not to feel gross when i wake up in the morning  oh well, off i go"
out to free my car again  taking bets on how long it will take to de-ice it 
my back has gone numb after spending most of the afternoon chipping about 3 inches of solid ice off the entire driveway 
praising the maker of the icy hot patch lol  its gonna be a long day 
apple
it's 8 am  guess i should contemplate getting ready and going to the gym
truely blessed by the people in my life   smile 
