957bf83d4c5c0a5f6f978a4c6786e4f0
is going to food city for some free menúdo!
is happy that 2009 and the holiday season are over and is looking forward to a great 2010 
"just got back from tucson an hour and a half ago   i asked someone over there if el taco is still around and she told me that i have \low standards\"" for restaurants """
doesn't have to go to work for another three days!
"is enjoying some <propfemale> nut goodies, a slim <propmale>, and a grape soda "
is looking forward to the mandatory barbecue meeting at work today 
is disgusted by the flying cockroaches outside 
is on his way to <propmale>'s fish & chips 
"just finished his 1 3lb  monster burger & fries from <propmale>'s fish & chips   <propmale> had to remind me of this place today, but the trip was well worth it!"
is burned out and needs a vacation!
is happy he did not get laid off today!  smile  the urgent conference call this morning really had him nervous 
is enjoying a vodka and soda and is glad the week is over   cheers!
"f'ing <propmale>!  he wiped out one of my rx servers and i got stuck reimaging  it, so i had to work late  i was on track to go home early today so i could <propfemale> out with <propfirst> and look at houses; so much for that   ugh!"
saw funny people earlier today   it's a good movie -- something for everyone 
has been working in northern az all week   i'm returning friday 
"is happy to be off for 5 days after working in northern az all week and driving over 1,200 <propmale> "
is working out of <propfemale> vista   i forgot how green the scenerey is in southern az 
"is back from his last day of work in tucson   i had just enough time to eat at eegee's and an old-school dunkin' donuts (much better than the ones in phx)   i would have gotten something from el taco, but they were closed (and their big sign was missing?!?!)   i enjoyed it while i could "
"just got home after driving across town, only to realize that the \24-hour\"" dunkin' donuts is no longer open 24 hours   son of a b^+$#!"""
is back from hawai'i 
is happy that it's halloween  too bad i didn't get home until 7 smile 0   
i love sleeping in on black friday 
got stuck going to wickenburg today and is finally back home  time to have a few beers and let the weekend begin!
is excited about looking at ghetto-christmas lights again this year 
holiday regards!
is enjoying some tasty goodies from the gift baskets he got from <propfemale> and <propfirst>   yum!
"ugh, i have to work in thatcher today   i was hoping i'd never have to go there again "
"nothing like ending a long day of work + driving 216 <propmale> by watching a beautiful sunset, eating a prime rib dinner, and catching up on lost reruns "
"while i was sleeping, dunkin' opened up a closet, found <propmale> (stuffed-animal dog from when i was 2) on a shelf, and somehow carried him over to the greatroom   i'm puzzled at what goes on in his little mind   that cat is both smart and weird!"
is on vacation and doesn't have to show up for work until 1 25   i'll be staying home and enjoying every minute of avoiding the outside world!
is listening to <propfirst> murphy - delirious from 1983   hilarious!
driving through snow storms sucks!
time to indulge   
"the roast should be ready by 10:20   cheers to eating dinner super-late, just like uncle walt!"
"is watching his favorite movie, falling down, in spanish!  it's even funnier when translated   lost is on in seven minutes   this is why i need a dvr   "
can't wait for his review at work tomorrow 
had an awesome day at work   my review was excellent and so was the raise!!!
is enjoying a vodka soda and watching lost 
is working on fitting ten pounds of sh*t in a five pound bag while keeping everything organized 
happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
is enjoying a guinness and some <propfemale> soda bread 
is done cleaning for today and can fit three cars in his garage again!
free food at work today!
is still full from all the indian food last night 
is working out of tucson this week   smile 
hates insomnia 
<propfirst> daniels burger and a guinness   what a great end to my workday 
"tonight, it was prime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, and guinness "
"slow-roasted beef machaca, green corn tamale, cornbread muffins, and a guinness "
is back in phx 
"<propmale>'s monster burger, fries, and a guinness "
"<propfemale> breakfast (black pudding, white pudding, sausage, bacon eggs, baked beans, soda bread, tomato wedges) and a harp   mexican coke a few hours later "
slower traffic keep right; ars 28-721(b)
tried making a dipping sauce for naan and failed miserably!
"needs to stop leaving snide comments on the collab spreadsheets at work, as a means of releasing frustrations with his coworkers, so that he doesn't get in trouble "
"'s neighbors across the street with the gaudy x-mas decorations, quads, trailers, and multiple cars parked everywhere are moving today!!!"
's homemade avocado and bacon soup was surprisingly very good 
can't sleep 
needs a vacation 
is off for three days!
is watching eurotrip 
feels great after 11+ hours of sleep!
is now able to use the fb app on his blackberry   corporate doesn't block it anymore??  weird   
why are the police and a k-9 unit outside my house??
missed out on free food at work yesterday   sad 
has been up since 5:45 and feels great after sleeping all day sunday 
how can souper salad be out of salad?  annoyed 
hopes this week doesn't suck as bad as the last two 
is enjoying a guinness at lyzzard's lounge in prescott 
is enjoying the cool weather in show low 
wasted finite resources today 
hopes he doesn't get caught wasting finite resources on his way back to phx today 
free food at work today   smile 
doesn't have to show up for work today 
go españa!
"is the only customer in a family-owned polish deli, sitting alone eating lunch  the mother and daughter are shouting at each other in polish, having some sort of argument about 15 feet away from me  i don't think they know care i'm here  good times!  smile "
really needs a vacation!
has to get up for work at 3 smile 0 and can't fall asleep   ugh   
"got pulled over by dps, again   "
is in kingman!
is drinking an <propfemale> coffee with his <propfemale> breakfast and listening to flogging <propfemale> 
is driving through kingman!  smile 
"groomin' the backyard, or whackin' a weed    the contemporary <propfirst> appleseed"
"dunkin' donuts this morning, rain, free lunch, and i got to work in tucson this morning   it's been an awesome day so far!"
has gone two days without making someone cry 
all i want is a pepsi   
it's vodka soda time!
"didn't sleep well because his f'ing neighbor's damn dog has been barking all morning   i know my neighbor was home, because i just saw him walk outside, so there is no way he could have not heard his barking dog   i've talked to him before about this   how can anyone think it's okay to leave their barking dog(s) outside for several hours?"
"if i like their race, how can that be racist?"
's ground beef shepherd's pie turned out well   i haven't made this in a long time 
"jesus christ! what is this, the last stand at fiji??"
it's time to clean house!
will be working along the colorado river all next week!
"awesome game, wildcats!"
the costco at 44th street and <propfirst> is the most understaffed and ghetto warehouse i've ever been to   holy crap!  i won't be returning to that location ever again 
"let the road trip begin   time to break open the <propfemale> nut goodies, slim jims, and grape soda   smile "
"it's harrah's buffet time!  old and decrepit, get out of my way!"
is working in kingman today!
prime rib and guinness!
is back in phx 
one more week until seattle!
just finished his leftovers from <propfemale>'s asian kitchen   their green curry chicken is delicious and also makes a good midnight snack 
is packing his bags for seattle!!
made it to seattle!  i'm loving all the green everywhere and the weather is awesome - cool and humid 
high of 61 today in seattle and it's really cloudy   this is perfect weather!
is at safeco field watching the mariners vs  oakland a's 
"pulled pork barbecue sandwich, coleslaw, and pike xxxxx extra stout lager at the pike brewing co "
is in the space needle 
"clams w  thin sliced chorizo and chips, and piles brewing kilt lifter beer   warm apple pie w  nutmeg ice cream "
"is about to take a one hour harbor tour  i haven't eaten or drank anything since breakfast and i don't smell bio-diesel exhaust fumes, so hopefully i don't barf this time "
"good news, i didn't get seasick   in fact, i really enjoyed this tour and our guide was not annoying   good times    smile "
it's finally raining in seattle!
is on the s-link to seatac   sad   i already want to return to seattle 
"is back in phx   seattle was awesome and i can't wait to go back  btw, go huskies!"
is trying not to get killed in apache junction 
is having beef brisket for dinner!
it's free sample time!
go seahawks!
"22-10   way to go seahawks, way to go!"
has to drive to nogales for work today   at least i'll be able to grab some lunch from eegee's while i drive through tucson    smile 
"well, nogales was fun   something that could have been a <propmale> ordeal turned out to be a simple fix  i got some ot and the change in scenery was nice, too "
enjoyed a delicious cheeseburger and fries from <propfirst>'s farm grill in <propmale>   they were serving free lunch today until 3pm 
just saw due date!
"had a good time celebrating my cousin <propmale>'s birthday with my brother, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>   we saw due date and went to the sandbar, fleming's steakhouse, and grimaldi's - what an awesome day!"
mmm   sounds like a good night for steak and fries 
is seriously considering hosting a steak night at his house 
let's go seahawks!
36-18 job well done   way to go seahawks!!!
can't stop listening to evil <propmale> letterman!
sounds like a good day for some sonic youth 
is waiting to get called so they can take his blood sample  i haven't eaten since yesterday 
"needs a drink, or a few    it's been a rough week  i'm finally going home!"
"pacific cod, rice pilaf, and an alaskan <propfemale>   not bad   "
"listening to someone play christmas songs on a trumpet, way off-tune brings a smile to my face   okay, maybe a smirk   "
potlucks everywhere today! you know what that means -- free food 
"if every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right "
grandmaster flash!
"slept for ten hours and woke up before seven, on a weekday   i can't remember the last time that's happened "
go eagles!!!
go wildcats!
"eagles 34, texans 24   good job eagles!"
huskies rock!!!
is finished taping drywall in the garage  now it's time for steak and shrimp!
is working in tucson next week!
<propmale> stern signed a contract with sirius for another five years!  stern rules!!!  baba booey!
the propane exchange kiosk at home depot tried giving me four propane tanks for the price of one   it would have kept on going if had a clerk not have  intervened 
is happy to see phx in his rearview mirror   smile 
is back in phx   sad   i had fun working in tucson 
sweet!  i look outside my window and it's like i'm in the pacific nw!  laugh 
"so i finally got some xmas shopping done  i haven't  completed getting presents for everyone on my list, but as usual, i found stuff i can use   so i ended up with a whole bunch of stuff for me, too   now i'm off to a brewery   "
will be looking at ghetto xmas lights in four days!
damn clouds!
"forgot that most people will be having their holiday potlucks today   you know what that means, free food!  laugh "
is enjoying tamales at work!  laugh 
two dunkin' donuts gift cards!  score!!!
"how about this breeze?  i'm loving the rain, too "
 sad  no snow in scottsdale 
i guess i'll go have some menudo   
awesome game seahawks!!!
