177f3fc619ad0bb83d37a718990fac66
ausschuss
"fragt sich wenn irgendein, das einer nicht ausschuss ist"
"in leben sind sie nur ein leidtragender ebenso lange wie sie belive es, so zu sein "
just got a car!
back from copper river
lmfao - yes
back from san <propfemale>
back from meet
ncis la
i potrzeb? polski koszule  s? one zdatne wielkie
wie hat <propfemale> sieg gemacht  wir schlagen zahl vier
back from meet  held captive to endless songs 
foam in foam out
"if you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1 19  you also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar "
cant wait for friday
is going to diseny tommorrow
is back from diseny 
is fighting hypothermia
good look at region varsity xc
is fixing a powerwasher
the <propfirst> '172' can be found on the back of the u s  $5 dollar <propmale> in the bushes at the base of the <propmale> memorial 
rode home on top of <propfirst>
wish the xc seson was not over
is washing paint out of hair
had a good sunday
"in the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator"
dueling is legal in paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors 
crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper 
is going out on the lake
"worst idea ever,  $2,000 yamahaul engine broke  got on island, fire wouldn't start  starts to drizzle no big deal, just a little water  10min later a monsoon emerges  so we are stuck on an island, in the dark, huddling around a useless fire, as a ocean of water falls on us  we then travel for 20min to dry ground, to arrive just in time for the rain to stop  worst day ever "
the international telephone dialing code for antarctica is 672 
is glad school is out tommrow  wish i could go to practice 
is pumped for state
is in a better mood
fedor vs rogers
is ready for tommarrow
is ready for the xc banquet  tonight is the best 
"had a great seson with the team this year  thanks alot guys, can't wait till next year "
"great day to run, for the committed  you know who you are "
finale notepad 2010
on the new hundred dollar <propmale> the time on the clock tower of independence hall is 4:10
"i have millions of eyes, yet i live in darkness  i have millions of ears, yet only four lobes  i have no muscel yet i control two hemispheres  what am i?"
"go on, get out - last words are for fools who haven't said enough  to his housekeeper, who urged him to tell her his last words so she could write them down for posterity ~~ <propfirst> <propfemale>, revolutionary, d  1883"
only two days of school this week 
what does aids feel like?                                   - steedly
erntedankfest ist der ein tag des jahres ich habe angezogen lauf und darf bis ich fühle krank essen
is eating leftovers
usc won! 34-17
"if you have been invited to my party, i would like to know if you will or will not be attending by thursday  you can call, email, or send me a message on facebook  thx"
hope everyone had a good time at my party 
1941?12?7??????????????1?
got to ware my tux!
is babysiting
its cold
hasent shaved since thursday
is ready for exam week
<propmale> shimabukuro is a beast  ukulele master 
i got to eat brinner
is ready for 2 weeks of r&r
christmas shoping take forever 
der weihnachtswaffenstillstand
<propfemale> comes tonight 
hunting mask saved me from the cold 
a man a plan a canal panama  it says the same thing spelt backwards 
"ribs, and steak!"
"\had a nice easy run today \"""""
new sweats! #3
the length of a response is inversely proportional to the stupidity of its parent post 
it is snowing 
has mild hypotherma
"good party, good weekend "
going to <propfemale> basketball game!
canada vs  usa in mens hockey for gold  tied 2 to 2 in over time!
is sick of sun glasses!
pizza for breakfast 
"\your sternum is the bone in the middle of your chest \""- tj longshore  \""where is my sternum?\""- lannon mccoy"""
"has to get up early, befor the sun, on saturday!"
selection sunday!!
"its like christmas, only less jesus "
nice warm weather for the meet!!
hates being sick 
is back from charlston!
laid down pine straw today 
"fish from 5-1  sleep  go play soccar at ccp, eat at waffel house (power outage)   good day "
can't make up my mind on what to do  i hate big decisions 
is going to <propfemale> beach 
is on the deck of our beachfront condo 
"break up lines        do you believe in love at first sight, how about misery after 3 years?        hey i was just wondering, are you doing push-ups with your knees down? cause i don’t think this is working out         hey is there a movie called other people? because that’s what i want to see, right now         are your feet tired? cause you’ve been stomping on my dreams for a while "
gets to celabrate the end of hsap testing by going to carowinds!
the intimidator at carowinds is insain!
sleepy head
???????
crab legs and crawl dads for dinner!
you smell good - <propfemale> <propfemale> murphy
"i will put all of my eggs in one basket, because they are my eggs and i will do with them as i please  -<propmale> nash"
loves a good thunderstorm after a day of deforrestation 
watching the lax championship 
"started today with an 8 mile run, followed by spreading a 2,000 lbs  pile of dirt over a 1 2 acre of wooded land "
actuly had a great time at a wedding 
missed you 
is going to bama tomorrow 
"\a girl definitely invented the word 'yay!' because no guy i know has ever used it \"""""
needs to get out of this cage 
can not wait for the lexington meet 
will i stay or will i go?
hates being sick on a friday 
"if you are living for tomorrow, then your not living today "
good snap clemson!!!!!!!! war eagle!!!
"waiting on something, not sure what but i know i am waiting on it "
done packing! now i wait 
facebook needs a sketch button 
needs something to do 
every thing did 
ip man is the best movie ever 
"a victory without danger is a triumph without <propfemale>  \-<propmale> corneille"
"well i am the son of an auburn grad, and a <propfemale> grad  this is going to be fun "
all day?
"my sins are soaked by the waters of his salvation  i may give in to temptation, but i will never be able to test his forgiveness  if i ever turn away, he will bring me in  if i <propfemale> upon him, he will lift to glories far beyond what i deserve  i may fail him more times than not, but he will never fail me  in christ i will find love and salvation  if i'm not living through jesus, then i'm not living at all "
disney - part 2 
disney is all about the after hours  no lines 
glad i'm half auburn 
thank you everyone for all the happy birthday wishies 
your my boy ranger! rep ranger till the day i die! rip rangr 
it is going to be biblical!
no delay for me     hurra!!!
all day?
sushi for lunch  it will be a good day 
chocolate milk  can i say any more?
"water may be the basis of life, but chocolate milk is the purpose "
when ever it eats a rat  -<propmale> lorick
walk around the club!
logical decision of the week- sleeping outside on the ground 
your welcome facebook
krispy kreme for all 3 meals today  it was a good day 
"salmon, thats whats up "
"i love you more than anything on this earth, happy valintines day <propfemale>!"
"every day may not be a good day, but there's something good in every day "
"\thats easy\"" shut up <propfirst> bress """
procrastination might be the thing i do best 
is it wrong to hit a pedestrian with your car when you are running from a tornado? not that i did 
"\but i'm not a poor person!\""-matthew hite"""
"\larry bird is always watching \""-thomas fitzpatrick"""
"have what you need, and want what you have "
