8b02064b1455f8f25d1e5077daeff25d
"goodbye 2010, it has been a helluva year for me  <propfemale>, texas, california, virgin islands all in one year  where will 2011 take me? who wants to go along for the ride     lol! happy new year to all my friends and family  thank you for a wonderful year, i look forward to 2011   let's make it a year to remember!!!!"
nothing like a long walk on a rainy day    clears my mind and soothes my soul 
"today is a good day, i caught up on an old friend from back in the day    he helped me to become the she u see  before me, there was her    no more now, as a potter shapes the <propmale>- way back when before i could see he saw me  thanks to he who could see     (a diva original)"
bored   restless   is 36 too early to have a midlife crisis?
getting ready for work    2 12's  micu crew  see ya there!! ;+)
think i am reaching critcal care burnout    
"enjoy your weekend, do something different and une playful ected!!!"
it's official    me and baby girl out of ga for good end of may     
"i'm going back to school to study psychology, maybe then i will undrstand how people rationalize why they do the inane things they do     "
i am truly happy now that i made the decision to follow my dream    
"is at work jammin, anyone wanna dance?"
"rainy day, house to myself, good bottle of wine, lord of the rings  dvd (thanks kareem!!!)    what more could i ask for?"
"why do men always feel the need to call ex's and sing their 'shoulda, coulda, woulda's ' when they knew they had a good woman, and left her for some trash?"
off to tex mex border   any bringback requests?
"whatever u give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give u a baby  give her a house, she will give u a home  give her groceries, she will give u a meal  give her a smile and she will give u her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if u give her crap, be ready to receive a ton    of shit "
why is it the only time i can't pee is when i am required too(drug screen)? i think i have micturation anxiety   can i get some benzos for this   ?
"thanks to all my micu sicu 11w rt  friends, i will miss you at work but will <propfemale> you all in my heart  while i am in tx and beyond  you have taught me <propfemale> much about friendship and myself    i wish i could have worked with you all one last time   "
just crossed into la and it is beautiful   might hit new orleans for lunch    mmm etoufe or maybe gumbo
just got pulled over for driving in passing <propfirst> (like a lot of other people) except i was profiled   for being georgian!  lol
"officer herpin( real name,i swear!) said i was giving him a hard time   i would never 'intimidate' a state trooper   hahahaha"
texas!!!!!! yes!! only been driving since 0230 this morning   what's 6 more hours?
"224 <propmale> to go    thanks for the support everyone who called, texted, and fb   much love to you"
i'm here!!!! thanks for keeping me company on my 1273 mile journey!!!
uhh ohhh   jus got word cinco de mayo party on the island tonight!!! gonna get my karaoke on 
"today is a good day    i'm ventilating, perfusing, afebrile, able to pee and have arom  wink "
"do not put me in a cage, i was meant to be free  if u want to settle down do you  there is too much world out there for me to see and e playful erience"
happy mother's day to all the mother's on fb today!!!
"ok, the weekend is here   who's grillin? who's fishin? who's jus chillin?"
stress: the body's psychological response to slap the shit out of someone who desperately needs it 
what you dish out in life is what you get back    how you get it back is not always the way you dish it out    but it does come back to you 
"\love is looking into their eyes and not just seeing them but seeing the rest of your life \""\",8b02064b1455f8f25d1e5077daeff25d,exhausted     !!!! i have now officially driven cross country by myself  the southern part of the us is is beautiful  maybe drive cross country in the northern part in a few years   wish my kids and tookah could have seen all the beauty and industry with me   
"happy memorial day to all my active duty, reserve, and national guard friends and relatives today  you are honorable, selfless, outstanding, and worthy of recognition 365 days of the year  your sacrifice can never be truly measured in words, nor can it be repayed adequately with any gift  i thank you all from the bottom of my heart for each and every day you have chosen to give in service to this country "
"special thanks to my father <propfirst> <propmale> blackmon (usn, uss nimitz) r i p \special thanks to my daughter chardaunauy <propfemale> blackmon (army national guard, afghanistan deployment 2009,2010)\special thanks to <propfirst> <propfirst> galey ( army nurse, active deployment iraq 2010)"
why is it that day shift nurses are either late to work or slow to get report and night shift nurses come on the unit ready to work?
i have traveled many places   no where is as hot as ga  ac at 0900?
"wow!!! it was good to be home, glad i got to see those that i did! to those i did see and talk to, thanks for being a true friend  i now know in whose life i am an option and in whose i am a priority "
"back on the grind, miss my girls,  and my tookah    a mother should never have to leave her children just to provide for them   single moms i know you feel me   "
"<propmale> <propfirst> blackmon>>>>keep your head up baby !!!!! you can get through this and don't look back  don't let this situation define who you are   if you want to change, then become the change you wish to see in yourself  i love you!!!!!"
"how much wood would a wood<propmale>, if a wood <propmale> could <propmale> wood? lol!!!"
i now realize that my happiness is the results of the decisions i choose for me  i can't stay bcuz u want me to  i will not stay caged for u to admire  today i choose where and when i go and come back (if i come back)  my happiness starts with me   now!!!
if you had to choose work locations    would u choose la or st <propfirst> ?
"i thank god for this new day, a new start, a clean slate   "
"my mind is made up, thanks for all input  you know who you are  wink "
there is nothing like a slow sunrise in the cali desert    pictures are not adequate 
"can anyone tell me why my pt had a troponin of 5 yesterday, 2 6 today, ckmb in 200's with no rhythm changes? pt came in dka 1800   k 4 2  help  even cardiologist is befuddled   ryan   paul   i e playful ect feedback especially from you!!"
48 hours to take off!!!  <propfirst> san <propmale> is gone again    lol!!!!
last night in st thomas   chillin with the one i love       
having a great day   priorities prioritized and countdown started     
"ok back in merced, ca  back to work   for those of you who sent texts, im's and fb comments about my recent trip    i am moving there the end of this month  you are more than welcome to come visit anytime    stay as long as you like "
it is official    august 24th     me and poody    we are going home!!!!
"just because you don't roll like i do, don't discourage me from doing what i do  god can take much better care of me than you can "
"today is a good day, i see you clearer than i did yesterday  and now i love you even more      "
"big shout out to those awesome, super, professional, helpful, skilled, magnificent, knowledgeable  night shift er techs at mercy merced hospital in merced ca  you guys rock!!! i miss you and am ever sooooo grateful to have worked with you  thank you for putting up with and ol sourpuss like me  smile "
"almost time to go, sooo many emotions as i do my final packing     off to a new challenge "
at the airport   will we ever get home??
jus landed   i am home!!!!!!!!!   wink 
thanking god for this day  smile 
"today i realized i have a good man in my life, one who truly loves me for me  he didn't say any magic words, nor did he give me e playful ensive gifts   he gave of himself unconditionally  that is what agape love is all about     \i can't wait til tomorrow!!"
i thought bugs were big in new york    here on the island they are the size of a small child!!!!
chillin at island block party   off da hook!!!!
one love fb family   be twice as blessed as i am 
i just got here and they are already forecasting a hurricane for tomorrow (first day of school too! )!!!
it's raining here all gray outside  but i am not sad   life is good!
"thanks for the prayers, love, and concern! hurricane <propfemale> is past and <propmale> should be passing us tomorrow  school and almost all businesses are shut down   sounds worse than it really is  i am just happy for the cool breezes  lol!!!"
the storm is passing   all is good  i just wish the mosquitoes would find another source of food!!!!!!
thankful for another full of opportunity 
   another day full of opportunity!  lol
"ok here we go, getting ready for another hurricane  they are boarding my house up like it has been condemned!"
"dinner on the <propfemale>, my feet up, gazing out to sea   life is grand "
"i finally go work after \loafing\"" for 3 long weeks     hope i haven\""t lost my \""nightingale\"" touch     lol"""
i love this man god has sent into my life  lord help me to honor him and treat him like the <propmale> he is  thank you lord for showing me how a man truly shows he loves a woman 
i'm awake  someone please hit the snooze button on the rooster outside my window!!!!!!!!!!
at work  life is good  i have lovely co workers 
good night fb family     enjoy your weekend
today let's have a moment of silence for those we lost on 09-11-01     let us teach our children the significance of this day  they need to understand what happened  help them realize the true effects of acts of hate and ignorance on innocent people   i spent almost an half an hour last night trying to e playful lain why this day is so significant in american history to my 15 year old   never forget    09-11-01    
jus chillin      
"free to a good home: teenager extra moody, borderline cantankerous, pleasant and polite when things are going her way    "
"today is a new day   new possibilities, new adventures   "
is gettin ready for work tomorrow  i never thought i would be a 'day shifter'    but i really like it!!!!!!
having a beautiful day  i love my new home!!!!
at work  love my job  love my family  love my paradise  jus full of love!
"if you have a good woman in your life, who loves you, supports you, and makes you happy   let her know  don't make her guess how you feel, tell her  taking one minute each day to make her feel special will keep you in her heart  it is called 'quality' time, not 'quantity' time "
"gearing up for my bday next week  shaking off old stuff, clearing out the closet of my heart and mind "
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!! i love you all,  wink "
tired   today was rough but i am still standing  today i am glad i am a nurse 
i am off tomorrow   ! how many ways can you lay around and do nothing?
my baby <propfemale> brought home a wonderful progress report!!!! keep up the awesome work casilda <propfirst> <propfirst>!!!!! i am <propfemale> proud of you  wink 
good night fb fam   enjoy your weekend and be blessed 
"today was the best day since i got here!! worked on my tan, swam in the ocean, laughed and had a great time  totally destressed  thanks (u know who u are) for making it happen!!!!"
i have been blessed twice already today and it isn't even noon yet  thank you lord for watching over and my baby girl while we are far from home and those we love and miss 
tryin to save something worth saving  with someone worth saving it with  time will tell        
my first ferry ride to st john    to excited!
too tired to post on fb tonight   lol
lord   help me not to cuss my coworkers out today!!!!!!
"happy to home   staring out at the sea, i am at peace "
"<propfemale> happy, <propfemale> blessed "
thank god for saturdays!!!!!
"going to bed, <propfemale> thankful god has blessed me with the 3 most wonderful, talented, intelligent, caring, loving, beautiful children on the planet  chardaunauy elizabeth   isaiah joel   casilda maria    i love you!"
good morning fb   today is gonna be a great day!
island breeze    one of god's greatest creations!!!!
"turkey, stuffing, mac-n-cheese,yams, rice-n-peas, fresh vegetables, biscuits, gravy, chocolate cake   gettin started on that big meal! fb fam you are all invited  wink "
happy thanksgiving fb family    what are you most thankful for today?  me   waking up with a smile on my face and a song in my heart 
time to get busy making my future happen instead of just planning it 
"by escaping the matrix i have found my neo, and he has shown me things about me that i never knew existed  i feel <propfemale> good, <propfemale>o alive, <propfemale> loved  he is my teacher, my lover, my friend, my advisor, my doctor, my gift from god wrapped in smooth warm soft flesh for me to hold and be reminded    if this man that he sent to me could love me like this   how much more  does he love me?"
ready to get on with 2011!
"r i p aunt teen, i miss you! tell my daddy i said hello  to the fam in henderson nc   keep it strong and take care of uncle t "
time to get up   thank god for one more day 
good night fb    
"there is a family reunion in heaven today   gma <propfemale>, aunt teen, and daddy  rest in peace, <propfemale> turner "
gettin ready to pack up my little one for her first solo flight back home      
change of plans    gotta go to work   as usual   no nurses     !
change of heart    cheesecake and baby girl  trumps work everytime!!!
today is a day of goodbye's    and new beginnings
i miss my kids    a all i want for christmas is for all of them to be home   at the same time!
thanks <propfemale> for the xmas tickets!!!!
"it is official   goodbye rls, it has been an eye opening e playful erience!!!!!!!!"
24 hours    the countdown has begun  <propfemale> christmas and to my spanish cuban family    feliz navidad!!!
"if you are with someone you love today, count your blessings  there are many who have no one to say happy holidays to, or are far from their family, friends, and spouses  <propfemale> christmas to all those who are alone on this day  <propfemale> christmas to all our deployed soldiers  <propfemale> christmas to all travel nurses who had to work this holiday  <propfemale> christmas to my family, both home and abroad "
only 364 more days until christmas !
lifes journey is not to arrive at the grave safely in a well preserved body but rather to skid in sideways totally worn out shouting daaaamn     what a ride!!!!!
"just finished my first night shift, forgot how sweet it is     wink "
finally   a weeks worth of groceries for under $100 bucks!!!! no place like home!
"hair did, eyebrows threaded, feet pedicured, nails done    getting back to my ol sexy self!!!!"
"waiting for my lil baby girl to arrive, her first cross country solo flight  thanks to my big baby girl for getting her off safely!!!"
settling in for a long winter's night     
"it is all about me now, time for me to do what is best for me  if you not are a supporter or encourager, get out of my way  don't hate me for what i do or how i live, instead find inspiration to follow your own dreams in your own manner  i did not choose the path in life you are walking right now, so don't try to put up a roadblock in mines "
happy    happy   happy   
"finally found the perfect er, no open positions!!!!!   murphy's law    story of my life!"
"to my fb family and friends, stay encouraged, follow your dreams, and continue to light up the world!"
"everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself    leo tolstoy"
"somewhere right now a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with pain meds, while holding her bladder because she doesn't have time to pee, starving because she missed her break, being pooped peed bled on, and is missing her family while taking care of yours  in the minute you took to read this, nurses all over the world are saving lives  re-post this if you are a nurse, love a nurse, or appreciate one  er!!"
"last time i ever go to mall or any store other than wal-mart or grocery store with any of my children!!!!!!  i can dress myself, have my own sense of style, and above all else    feelings!"
today is going to be a great day    i feel it!!!
"it is a shame the way some people like to hide behind their family instead of facing their real personal and social issues  family can be the most controlling factor in a person's life  family can cost you a good relationship, job success, and overall happiness "
watching the last movie the late great <propfirst> <propmale> made   and loving it!!!
happy birthday chardaunauy <propfemale> blackmon!!!
off to work    hip hop hooray 
happy to be nappy!!!!
i no longer need your your attention  tired of waiting around for something that's never gonna happen  hope you find what you're looking for   (you know who you are   )
nothing brings me more joy and happiness than spending my saturday morning with a moody distant moody teenager 
"today is a me day, i will return all phone calls, emails, faxes, text msgs, and smoke signals tomorrow "
so ready to go home!!! patients plucking my last nerve!!!!!!!!!!
i think it is time for an island get away    any suggestions?
seven days and counting     
six days and counting
five days and counting    
four days and counting   and another double shift to pull   
4 days and counting    
three days and counting    i'm almost there!
2 more days and counting       wink 
36 hours and counting   
island bound the second time around  the perfect place to spend my v-day weekend!
almost there    
"finally landed, showered and listening to the sounds of the island  good to be back, sorry my friends aren't here  will enjoy tomorrow and then it is back to work  frowny "
"ok, did the mosquitoes go on a hunger strike while i was gone? or am i just that sweet?"
"goodbye st <propfirst>, goodbye st <propfirst>, thanks for a lovely weekend  to my friends i got to see, thanks i needed that  to those i did not, please forgive me,  but know that it was not intentional "
"the plane just pulled up, feeling sad to be leaving; but excited to get home to start new job!"
just landed   now the 5 hour drive home  what a great weekend! thanks to everyone   
good morning facebook family!!!!  wink 
"taking a step back, evaluating, thinking and examining what is important in life "
"new day, new challenges     "
why is the first day of a new job the hardest?
in acls class    boring!
"thinking about moving on   i am not who i once was  through his love i have been transformed, my eyes opened and heart healed "
"even though today is one more day we are apart, it is also one less day until we are together again "
"thanks for all the calls of concern from family, friends, loved ones and my '<propmale> gump'    cali is still standing, we ain't wet yet!!!"
helloooo weekend!  wink 
i am in love    $20 half hour massage   
8 hours    0 patients  my ideal shift  maybe repeat tonight?
ready to head home   i miss the love of my life  ain't no sunshine when he's gone    
