d4bd0a85e6556b7271d22c1785157be7
it's two days after my due date and i'm still pregnant  why?
in 2011 i hope i will be the happiest i've ever been  hoping to find that special someone to give my love to and share my life with 
i love my babies
i'm finally loving life again
looks like i'll still be driving two hours every day to work for a while  i hope it's not forever 
a mistake is only a learning e playful erience 
"i loved you the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved you even more the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only seconds old but i knew i would die for you & to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body  put this on your status, if you have children you love more than life!!"
"things happen for a reason, things happen for a reason, things happen for a reason "
so excited for my 4 day weekend!
i despise waiting forever at the dr  office 
"finally, no more commuting 2 hours a day! i am soooo happy, so relieved  i will have so much more time to enjoy life! only two more weeks "
the count down has begun  only eight more days of work in las cruces!
thanks for all the birthday wishes  you guys are great!
one more week!
my daughter slept through the night last night  i hope she makes it a habit 
i like it on the couch   
"tomorrow is that last day i will make the drive to las cruces for work  i've wanted this for a long time and i am sooo happy, but i'll miss all my girls from work "
oh how i will miss seeing the hot border patrol agents every day as i am driving home  especially the one that used to smile at me from ear to ear  too bad i didn't get his name 
"first day of work in alamogordo  got to wake up two hours later  spent some time with my kids before work  got to have lunch with my kids  home by 5 smile 0, took my son to the movies  i could get used to this!"
went to zumba today  freakin awesome! i am going to work my ass off!
had zumba for lunch!
"it's so nice to be able to go out and do things during the week after work because now i have the time, motivation and energy to do things  i'm loving it! so is my son i'm sure!"
here waiting to get my visitors pass so that i can get base  this is taking forever!
everyone send me positive vibes so i don't get called out while i'm on call after hours for the next 9 days 
so i've come to the realization that i actually like my job  crazy huh?
there was a guy today in my zumba class for the first time  it was quite entertaining  he did better than all the females!
it's so nice to have someone tell you that you look good and know that they really mean it 
ohh the perks of my job  eye candy   just the way i like it 
"i finally feel completely like myself again  but i'm a better, happier me!"
enjoying some one on one time with my baby girl  it's sooo quiet without my son around 
"i was interviewing a little girl today for work  i asked her if she had any questions for me  she said, no, but i have a comment, you're very pretty  sooo sweet! made my day!"
this day is dragging  i'm sooo ready to go home  hurry up 5 surprise 0
wine   yummy
"change\your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood! the \goal is to not see a human face on facebook till monday, december 6th  \join the fight against child abuse! copy & paste this message to \your status to invite all your friends to do the same"
i'm ready for bed  too bad my kids are wide awake 
not having a very fun day today
one more hour  yay!
i cannot get out of this funk that i'm in  i need some laughter 
wish i could have a drink right now   more like a few drinks
back to zumba today! i haven't been in a week  i was a very bad girl last week  gotta go at least 4 times this week 
"yay, two more hours! ready for my 4 day weekend!"
i feel like a beached whale  no more food!
i need a drink   sad 
thank you <propmale> light  i'm feeling much better now 
i thought friends and people who care about you are not supposed to take advantage of you  i guess that's what i get for being too nice 
"wow, i'm so happy!"
"after an amazing weekend, now i've lost my wallet  this sucks"
ready for my amazing weekend!
so excited for my weekend!! it's needs to get here already!
so sad that i lost my ipod  sad 
i just love always having something to look forward to!  smile 
"going in for surgery tomorrow morning  not looking forward to it, but it has to be done "
wide awake waiting for my pain pills to kick in  having surgery sucks
 sad 
back to the real world tomorrow
i just don't get it!!!!
is it barely tuesday?  sad  three and a half more days to get through this week  i can do this 
feeling weird today  glad it's friday
off to spend some quality alone time with my special someone!
