a46abd85a0717cd05b0c8a41f07ed914
found bubble wrap  love 
hates people 
is not looking forward to packing   
wants to learn to scuba dive
just got off her first night of work  now it's time to get stat homework done    
is confused on this whole thing and doesn't know what to do
wants to sleep but can't  sad 
"has 3 things she can't live without    pudding, poptarts, and cough drops  laugh "
is doing absolutely nothing
"is doped up on cold meds, which always makes for random conversations"
is bored 
obviously has no life since she has nothing better to do than update her facebook status
"is thinking there is nothing like acting stupid in your room, dancing and singing at the top of your lungs  smile "
just loves to procrastinate   
's brain is gonna esplode  sad 
is wondering what to do    
wants chocolate
has nothing better to do with her time than be on fb  maybe she'll go to foodland to get that chocolate she wants  
is finishing her homework she should have done earlier  
is off to foodland with <propfirst> to get her chocolate!
got her chocolate  laugh  too much of it probably  
"is excited not to have classes since it's 4th of july weekend  now i have a reason to sit in my room, be lazy, and eat all my chocolate and poptarts i got  laugh "
is eating nerds ropes with <propfirst> and doing nothing else  smile 
is thinking no man should ever be in skin tight silver metallic tights  
's freaking room is flooding   
is in the process of moving her entire room across the hale and upstairs   at 3 smile 0 am  so much fun
can't help but wonder
should work on unpacking her clothes into her new room 
can't help but dance right now  smile 
currently has a coconut at the bottom of her bed 
"currently is watching movies and eating all the pudding left over from her sack dinners    call text, i'm boredd "
really needed these frozen hot fudge sundae poptarts  laugh 
wants to go see hp at midnight really really bad 
is really depressed by the fact that it seems as if she isn't going to see <propmale> potter at midnight   stupid buses 
is crazy excited to go see hp tonight  laugh 
has to be up for class in 2 hours  yay!
has no roommate until next term
"finished her jogging final, now it's just time to do my chapter summaries, exercise log  then it's time to do her homework and all her quizzes for stats, and then study for the test tomorrow  yay!"
can't help but love hawaii  smile 
can't seem to sleep at all this week   
is never going live last night down
is killing time doing nothing until work
is just going to end up getting herself in trouble  laugh 
is bored out of her mind
really wants ice cream  
can move back into her old room now  laugh  now just to pack everything back up again   
can't find her freaking phone!
hates how she can't ever remember where she puts things  
is packing her room back up to move back    
finally is back in her room   now to just unpack everything again  this calls for music being turned up really loud  smile 
"has now finished her final  smile  2 down, 1 to go! oh and that paper too  "
is getting sick and can't sleep   just what she needs right before her final that matters the most 
"feels like crap, my body aches and my throat hurts like none other, plus the whole not being able to sleep thing sucks too   not looking forward to work tonight"
is ready for sleep
is done  smile 
met elder oaks tonight and shook his hand!!!  laugh 
"has absolutely no voice whatsoever, charades is going to have to be my game the next few days, or <propfemale> around a pen and a paper"
is crossing her fingers!
went swimming at the beach at midnight for the first time  smile  pretty freaking sweet!
got ambushed with her own camera by dana   true story
is bored out of her mind
has nothing to do all day  fun stuff
is so freaking happy! one of her pictures is going to be published in a book!!!!
has nothing to do   as always
"just got off work  it is almost 1 smile 0     and i have class in the morning, yay!"
thinks there is something wrong with her  i'm not hungry and i haven't eaten since yesterday afternoon 
might be going to england next summer!  laugh 
thinks <propmale> is possessed
honestly doesn't know how much more she can take of this  it hurts so bad 
freaking hates whoever it was who called our room at 2 this morning  i was actually sleeping for once! so much for actually getting some rest for a night
can't wait for the beach tonight!
is so freaking paranoid sometimes  i hate it 
needs an escape right now  she doesn't want to deal with any of this stuff 
is completely bored 
wants to see valkarie really bad 
can't help but smile when she hears those certain songs that just make her day better
is watching the bestest movie of all time! league of extraordinary gentlemen  smile 
hates her internet   so much for watching my movie  sad 
is bored 
has a craving for shrimp and is debating on going to <propmale>'s
is thinking its really weird seeing all of her friends status's saying they are off to college   mainly cause i've already been in college for a couple months  
is playing settler's online  laugh 
's brain isn't working right now   and she really needs it too!
's brain isn't working right now   and she really needs it to!
is so happy right now from the fresh from the tree mangoes she got  laugh 
can't be bothered 
decided she has nothing better to do than change her status once again
can't believe there is only a week and half of this term left! ahh!
has a never ending list of things to do 
"=really excited for her day off  buffalo wild wings, ala moana, and kobe with <propfirst>  laugh "
might be interning for disney next year  laugh 
"honestly can not wait for this term to be over  and for tuesday to come, when i find out if i can intern for disney or not next year  laugh "
can't believe she can't find her hoodie   i just got it   
wishes she had mountain dew right now since there will be no sleep for her the next couple nights 
"has a massive to do list, all for tomorrow; short story test, my entire term paper, and all my journals  ew "
just has her term paper left  can't wait for this day to be over 
is happy to be done for the weekend!
is excited for acai bowls later  laugh 
can't believe she's been here for 3 months already   time sure does fly by fast 
wants something to do tonight 
is excited for the day off tomorrow  minus having to do my study guides   
wishes she was braver sometimes 
"just got an amazing package from her mom, it's a freaking party in a box!"
never thought that she would be stumped at finding something to do in hawaii   
seriously is considering throwing her laptop against the wall right now 
sadly doesn't have anything to do this lovely friday night 
wants to have an apples to apples party  laugh 
is pretty freaking excited to be seeing cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs today  laugh  off to kaneohe!
keeps wondering if she should really take into consideration going to the culinary school she got accepted to    
wants to get a longboard
wants pizza  laugh 
is trying to figure out what to do today   
is thinking about going to waimea bay and then getting acai bowls  anyone up for it?
wants food  as always  smile 
wonders if things would get better if she stopped wishing
can't wait to break into the 4 pounds of oreos she bought  smile 
can't wait to go to waikiki this weekend and eat pancakes!
can't stop thinking about things that probably meant nothing 
"hardly ever is right, but when she is, she doesn't want to be it seems "
is getting her to do list for school done the next two days so when it comes time for the weekend she'll be ready to enjoy it 
wonders if it's stupid that she misses blowing out candles on a cake?
would like to thank everyone for all the happy birthdays! i had a fantastic one!  smile 
can't sleep  
has no idea how to feel about this
got passed the first interview for disney! now just the phone interview left!!!!
would have the luck that daylight savings time ends up messing things up    now another day of stressing out to add   
is keeping her fingers crossed  the interview with disney is over and now i just have to wait 4-6 weeks to find out  
has nothing to do 
gets her freaking longboard today  laugh  so excitedddd!
is going to shoot herself from accounting   
got freaking disneyyy!!!!!
doesn't think she could be happier at this moment  smile 
"regained possession of her chucks today after not having them for the past 6 months  i am so excited to have them back that i'm wearing them right now with my pj's  smile  thanks mom, i love you  smile "
is tired of the ups and downs on the roller coaster of life  i want just a straight path for a while for once 
"laughs at the fact that she was told that she \aint no white girl\"" thanks kikes  laugh """
wants to play scattergories really bad   anyone up for it?
can't wait for finals to be over and to go home for christmas  smile 
"is thoroughly upset at people  first someone steals my cookie sheet, now my freaking ice cream  it was even labeled  i hope the ice cream and cookie sheet thief remember that they are breaking one of the commandments  thou shalt not steal!"
is crazy excited to play settlers tonight  laugh 
is spending her day making cookies  smile 
has an army of gingerbread men  laugh 
wants to go ice skating really badly   
thinks she's going to fall asleep in the library today at some point  
can't forget to take her econ test tonight after work!
wants this semester to hurry up and be over with   
hurts all over   stupid clumsy self  
can't help but smile each time
only has one week until she leaves to go back home for christmas  laugh 
would manage to mess up both her ankles withing 10 minutes of each other  i despise things with wheels on them 
"honestly can't believe it's been a year that she's been gone  <propfemale>, you are missed each and every day and i know you are watching down on us all"
can't wait to go home this week! only 4 more days!
wants mexican food really bad   
is finally going to bed 
"want to get her mind off of finals for a little while, anyone up for a game of settlers?"
"needs to stop procrastinating, but at the moment, i can't find anything to motivate me to do my work "
"gives up  i think i'm destined to be a failure at life  wait, i lied, i know i am   smile "
"wonders if i lay here, just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world?"
leaves to go home tomorrow! there is no way to describe how insanely excited i am  smile 
"would like to thank all the loving people of luau who cheered kikes and coney on who threw me in the lagoon  if i get sick and die, i blame all of you "
leaves to come home today! ahhhhh!  laugh 
loves her friend <propfemale> sooooooooooooooooo much and she thinks that <propfemale> i the cooliest smartest girl in the whole wide world!!!
really does love <propfemale>  next time just tell me and i'll put in on here  thanks for jacking my facebook <propfemale> 
loves both <propfemale> hearne and <propfemale> hawker  happy now?
can't help but smile  smile 
just got done making macaroni and cheese with apryll <propmale> at 1 a m   laugh 
can't believe she was talked into downloading <propfemale> story again   
is hoping for a white christmas  laugh 
"has nothing to do, woo!"
doesn't feel like she belongs here anymore 
"is thoroughly excited about the fact that we are under a blizzard warning right now  smile  the one thing i wanted most, a white christmas, is actually looking like it's going to happen!  laugh "
wishes everyone a mele kalikimaka  smile 
can't wait to go sledding  laugh 
can't wait to play in the snow again today  smile 
is off to play <propfemale> most likely due to the fact that i have nothing to do 
loves to sled  smile 
"probably looked like a retard eating snow covered in hot chocolate mix (which is delicious), but luckily i had my bestest friend <propfemale> <propfemale> zacharias there to make it even better  playful "
hurts all over   can't believe i didn't break anything after that   thanks for saving me <propfemale>  smile 
finally got starcraft back  laugh 
is listening to her family plan a red neck wedding reception for her in april  over my dead body 
finally made it back to her room in hawaii  home sweet home  smile 
"thinks her night went pretty good, despite the weather being dumb  smile "
has accomplished her first homework assignment quiz of 2010  i'm on a roll!
has finished her first homework assignment quiz of 2010  i'm on a roll!
"\i feel like i need to be a whale  woumm \"" apparently <propfemale> hearne needs to be a whale when she hears a sonar bleep  fantastic times  smile """
blue with polka dots  smile 
is watching chitty chitty bang bang and cleaning her room  smile 
loves the fact that mlia can always make her day better no matter what 
's laptop literally broke  thankfully it still works  i don't know how much more it can take  
loves being weird  smile 
should sleep  but i'm just not feelin it right now
is bored out of her mind on a friday night   sadness  
is bored  anyone want to do anything?
"loves this: \happy moments - praise god wink ifficult moments - seek god;quite moments - worship god;painful moments - trust god;every moment - thank god\"""""
wants something fun to do 
is e playful erimenting with making cookies   we shall see how they turn out  
made the awkwardest cookies 
is making pancakes tonight  smile 
wants food 
"is really really bored  anyone wanna play apples to apples, or the wii, or somethinggg?"
"needs new chucks, hers are dying  sad "
was thoroughly excited about getting her new chucks until they decided to tell her after she placed her order that they were out of stock 
 smile 
has nothing to do  
is baking  smile 
found glow bracelets  smile 
"once again is bored  anyone want to <propfemale> out   play scattegories, the wii, apples to apples, or somethingg? anything to get me out of my stupid room   smile "
loves that cooking always can make her feel better 
will be baking for the next few hours  smile 
"has a few dozen cookies, anyone want some?"
probably should be more productive and pay attention in class rather than just being on facebook 
hopes her teacher accepts her term paper topic proposal about procrastination  smile 
burned her back bad     sad 
loves the fact she's from louisiana right now! go saints!
"\i wish i was black so i could sing like that\"" you're awesome like that <propfirst>     smile """
just wants this semester to be over with already   
's term paper officially is on procrastination  smile 
is tired of getting her hopes up and then walking away with nothing 
is wondering if anyone else wants to come along to dole plantation and then go get giant pancakes after?  just let me or trixie lokaret know  laugh 
loves scuba diving and is now officially certified! the only bad part is the massive sunburn on her back   
would like to thank <propfemale> <propfirst> for killing the cockroaches in the kitchen  smile 
is debating on how short she should cut her hair tomorrow   
is gonna go to foodland tonight  anyone wanna come?
just got done eating biscuits and gravy  delicious  smile 
is off to kaneohe to chop off all her hair  playful 
"had a wall attack her toe today leaving it bruised, bloody, and painful  fantastic "
is making cookies again  smile 
"'s cookies are done, time to finish up with making salsa  smile "
needs to pay attention to where she throws things  otherwise she could end up hitting <propfirst> brinton in the head again with something much more dangerous than a biscuit 
is wondering what to do   
wants brownies 
is making brownies  smile 
keeps procrastinating writing her paper on procrastination   
just made breakfast casserole  smile  nothing like breakfast for diner  smile 
wishes she had someone to hold her and not ask any questions as to what is wrong 
is making doughnuts  smile 
has had too many doughnuts for her own good in the past couple days   but they were so good  playful 
just found out we are under a tsunami warning  awesome 
is just waiting   waiting for the tsunami to come and go so we can be done with it 
survived the tsunami! yay! even if it only was only 3 feet big   
is making jambalaya  smile 
pc or mac   decisions decisions  
should have just stayed home from work tonight like she as supposed too
"is glad she went to culture night  smile  now it's time to blog about the best thing in the world, food!"
"is physically, mentally, and emotionally drained right now "
is making stuffed french toast  smile 
"made a massive pot of mashed potatoes, and they are pretty dang good if i must say "
is making spinach and ricotta stuffed shells and a <propfemale> custard thingamabob tonightt
has tonights menu all ready  pepper stuffing and green chili stew  smile 
would like to thank <propfirst> n  macariola and rommel lactaoen for covering me in stamps today 
's computer died  fantastic  i have a new one on the way though on tuesday  laugh 
"just got back from kaneohe, tonight was fantastically fun  smile "
is making more food  smile 
is getting sick  so much fun 
is making mashed potatoes and roast chicken  smile 
wants her laptop to hurry up and get here!
loves her laptop  smile 
"has issues with technology  first my computer, then my phone  if i don't reply to your text it's because my phone decided to have a mind of it's own  grr  "
's debating on switching schools 
is counting down the days  just three more weeks of school left  smile 
can't wait for thursday  smile 
should be packing right now   
isn't motivated at all to do school  i just want it to be over with 
is trying to decide what to do tonight  
"woke up with a big smile on her face  smile  today is going to be a great day, i've already decided that  smile "
needs to go to foodland today   
had a fantastic night  laugh  i highly recommend seeing how to train your dragon  smile 
has officially decided to change her <propmale>  smile 
has no idea what on earth that was about   
"has 7 days of school left, 13 days before she leaves hawaii, 14 until she gets home, and 21 days until she flies down to florida to see the amazing <propfemale> fishcakes salmen, and then 26 days until her first day of disney  so much to do in so little time!"
's phone has officially died  awesome  this is not my year for electronics 
"loves how you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild, ohh you make me smile  smile "
kind of loves her new phone   smile 
doesn't even know where to start  i don't want to do all my stuff for english  i can't wait to be done with that class 
's last day of work  should be fantasticccc
ìwould like to thank everyone at luau for the wonderful goodbye tonight! there is nothing like 4 buckets of ice water and a tray of haupia and coconut cak
ìe to end her last day at hale aloha  love you guys!
would like to thank everyone at luau for the wonderful goodbye tonight! there is nothing like 4 buckets of ice water and a tray of haupia and coconut cake to end her time at hale aloha! love you guys! i'll miss you!
couldn't be happier  smile 
"'cause it's you and me and all of the people with nothing to do, nothing to lose, and it's you and me and all other people, and i don't know why, i can't keep my eyes off of you"
is eating crab  it's complicated 
has no words to describe how happy she is  smile 
finally is getting her hotdog after stopping 6 times to find a place that has them  sonic: 1 gas stations: 0
can't wait to get to west palm beach to see <propfemale> fishcakes salmen! one more day!
had a productive day today  she stole a car 
is having a dance party with <propfemale> fishcakes salmen  laugh  fantastic!
"dear trains, i hate you "
is at planet hollywood in downtown disney!  smile 
just found out where she works at disney  <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s at the grand floridian and spa  apparently the most e playful ensive place to eat at on disney property  this should be fun  laugh 
's kitchen sink is overflowing  fantastic 
tower of terror here i come!
really now?
"has the best boyfriend ever! <propfirst> tabua, you are amazing!  smile "
really dislikes some of these facebook thingamabobs 
has officially pre-ordered starcraft 2  i can't wait until july 27th when i get it  smile 
is indeed making brownies at 2 in the morning   laugh 
just got done watching toy story 3  freaking fantastic  laugh 
is at kobe with her roommates  smile 
always messes things up somehow   
is pretty freaking excited that <propfirst> tabua is coming to the mainland to visit her in september!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
felt like parts of eclipse were like a really bad daytime soap opera   
loves having skype dates with her boy  smile 
wants to do something     
just finished making brisket at 2 am  i feel accomplished today already  laugh 
just saw a ginormous red lobster on top of a red punch bug    
is off to potter world at universal!
has 40 days until she finally gets to see <propfirst> tabua again!
has just one more week until starcraft 2 comes out! heck yessss!
currently is installing starcraft 2  yep  you should be jealous   smile 
is kind of really upset with blizzard  why can't you just make starcraft work with my computer!?!? i don't want to wait 3 more days! i've already been waiting 3 years!
is freaking excited to see <propfemale> leschinski and <propfemale> massimo!
had an amazing 5 days with <propfemale> leschinski and <propfemale> massimo! i can't believe it's over all ready    i want the fun back!
has just one more week working for disney and then only 30 more days until she gets to see <propfirst> tabua! i can't wait!
had the best dinner of her life last night  smile 
is getting ready to go to her last day of work at disney      sad  i can't wait to see my family though!
"is in the airport waiting for her flight to leave back to kc    it's been an amazing time! i'm going to miss all my roommates! <propfemale> brooksby, <propfemale> cosper, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> barnett, and <propfemale> compton i love you!!!!!!!!!!"
finally is playing starcraft 2!  laugh 
had a successful trip to st  <propfirst>  smile 
is counting down the days   
is at lightning fest with her dad!  laugh 
"has a pretty awesome dad, he got first place in his class at lightning fest!"
"\did you take an awkward pill this morning?\"""""
is off to pick up <propfirst> tabua from the airport!!!! finally!!!
highly doubts anyone will be getting a hold of me this next week   my phone has been a thing of the past while having her boy here  smile 
is getting ready to get on a plane and go back to hawaii!!!!
has been traveling for 12 hours and still isn't off the mainland  almost everything that could possibly gone wrong has  i just wanna be back in hawaii!
is back in hawaii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is getting married!!!!! ahhhh!!!!!!
"has work, 4 essays to write, 3 chapters to read, questions to answer, and a multitude of other homework items due tomorrow  thank you first two days of school, thank you "
"just had a restaurant full of people sing \going to the chapel\"" song to her and <propfirst>  that was entertaining  playful """
"has one energy drink, a lunchable, pringles, bread pudding, and a dozen doughnuts  all nighter here i come!"
came home from work to find a beautiful bouquet of flowers!  smile  <propfirst> tabua is the love of my life!  laugh 
http annoyed  www safeshare tv v fvuqqf5s4dg  smile 
has loved every single minute of the past 6 months with <propfirst> tabua  smile  i can't wait for the next 6 months to go by this fast because then i will be married to him for all time and eternity  smile  i love him so much!
\dear food network,\a46abd85a0717cd05b0c8a41f07ed914,is going to the laie <propfemale>'s open house today! i'm so exciteddd!
would like to thank everyone for all of the wonderful happy birthdays!
"feels festive, i'm making banana bread in my halloween apron from disney  smile "
"come on seasiders, you can beat provo!"
sad day  sad 
feels like she is constantly sick   
wants it to hurry up and be thanksgiving  i can't wait to get off this island and not think about school for a whole 4 days!
is helping clean the <propfemale>  smile 
thinks this semester keeps getting more and more depressing
is on her way to go to the laie <propfemale> dedication! i'm so excited!!!!!
"is wondering why byuh is the only school that gets just 2 days off for thanksgiving, actually, it's the only two days we get off for the whole semester     sad "
wonders how many people from microsoft own iphones ipods   
is at the train concert! heck yesss!
can't even put into words how amazing train was tonight  smile 
can't believe the semester is almost done already   one more week till i'm home and less than 4 months until i get married  smile 
"has  3 energy drinks, two boxes of wheat thins, a tub of cream cheese, 2 bags of peanut mn m's,and a bag of ghirardellii dark chocolate with raspberry filling from <propfirst> tabua  all night here i come!"
flies home today! i can't wait to be there!
is grateful for planes  we can travel across the country in 5 hours  how long did that take the pioneers?think about that the next time your flight is delayed 
is home!  smile 
is off to st  <propfirst> for her dress fitting  smile 
is about to leave missouri   the next time i'm back i'll be married   wow   time flies   
is back in the wonderful state of hawaii!
"dear clouds,\please go away, i am in way to good a mood to have you around "
started the morning off wonderfully with <propfirst> tabua picking her up at 6 am for work when he doesn't even have class until 7 smile 0   smile  only 3 more months from today until i get to marry him!
fact of life #1: when 'hey soul sister' by train comes on it automatically makes your day better and makes you smile (and sing   and dance)
fact of life #2: it really stinks finding out that you owe the government money for taxes when you are a broke college kid 
"fact of life #3: if you don't have any candles for someone's birthday cake, just use a lighter for a single candle then, or if you just don't have the money too "
"fact of life #4: if you don't like what people say about you, then maybe you should prove them wrong "
fact of life #5: good food makes for a good life 
fact of life #6: it's never to late at night to make brownies 
fact of life #7:  hot topic will never be the same now that they <propfemale> <propfirst> bieber shirts 
"fact of life #8: you never know when you are going to affect someone's life, so be happy!"
"<propfirst> tabua is a butt head!!!!  laugh \\per <propmale> naka"
got her all white chucks for the wedding  laugh 
had a wonderful valentines day with her <propfirst> <propfirst> tabua!
has her wedding dress!  smile 
dislikes the hawaii sun when it melts her keys on her laptop
got her wisdom teeth pulled  ouch 
"hey everyone, we are finishing up getting all the invitations together for the wedding, if you would like one please be sure to let me know what your address is as soon as possible!  smile "
is going to maui in two weeks  laugh 
just bought 5 boxes of girl scout cookies  best day everrr!
"just got home from being evacuated  all is well for now, we are still in an advisory though, so i'm crossing my fingers it stays that way "
is on her way to maui  smile 
the melting pot annoyed ove
go byuh! final four here we come!
"dear research paper, \\why can't you just write yourself, it would make life so much simpler "
is off to pick up her parents at the airport  laugh 
