77fb5d156a1e39cbe016cd24e2d8c80c
"darn water weight, goes straight to my hips"
facebook is actually pretty cool
excited that i got my blue belt in tae kwon do!
god is bigger then everything
did you know a turtle can breath through its but?
if a turtle loses its shell does that mean its homeless or naked?
why do people duck in the rain when they know they're going to get wet?
did you know women blink twice as often as men?
did you know animals that lay eggs don't have belly buttons?
powder puff!!!!!!!!!!!
did you know babies are born without knee caps?
we lost by one point  sad 
i've go the joy joy joy joy down in my heart
i got a new dog!
i'm bored
just gave blood!
i dont understand     
i got my red belt!!
<propmale> flies through dangerous cities scaring little women while screaming hallelluja
pierdo hablando con el  yo me pregunto si el jamas querra hablar conmigo otra vez 
yo me pregunto si el ha parado adorarme
yo tan soy confundido y doli
it's frusturating that you don't know why god allows certain things to happen
"a lot of stuff makes sense now, and yet i have a million more questions that no one can answer"
i'm not sure what to think about all this
i'm giving up
my sister is going to have her baby!!!! wahoo!!!!!
wow things can get really messed up really fast
my nephew was born today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i don't think it'll ever stop hurting, i wish it would"
its too bad we cant learn from other peoples mistakes
how do you know what's the right choice?
i wish i knew what to do
why does it have to be one thing after another?
"los viajes por las venas que envenenan mi <propfemale> me hacen me odio, hago mi <propfirst> que golpe asfixia la <propfemale> - come lejos mi voluntad trampas en todo el odio - depresión  no quiero sentir <propfemale> manera, no quiero herir a más"
i dont want this anymore
"the hardest thing in life is knowing when to give up, and when to try harder"
sometimes the littlest things in life feel like our biggest enemies
i wonder if <propfirst> and <propfemale> had belly buttons
who goes there? we come in pieces
your a mean one     mister grinch
i will never let you fall  i'll stand up for you forever  i'll be there for you through it all  even if saving you sends me to heaven
i do believe in fairies!
i feel so frustrated
i hate this
you would not believe your eyes if ten million fireflies lit up the world as i fell asleep
don't let anyone say your not beautiful
"i believe in the sun, even when its not shinning  i believe in love, even when i don't feel it  i believe in god, even when he is silent "
happy birthday to me  smile 
"im turning 18 tomorrow so im gonna vote, i don't know what im gonna vote on but im gonna vote"
you spin me right round baby right round
i feel really old now
we wish you a <propfemale>??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•?? christmas??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ? ? ?we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??   and a happy new year!??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??    copy and paste~keep the wave going!
wow i don't think i've ever eaten so many snikers in my entire life
"dear <propfemale>, i was framed"
i can ride my bike with no handlebars
im so confused
black
i wish i was alive during the '70s
who you callin a coodie <propfemale>? you lint licker
its kinda creepy when your dog just sits there and stares at you
"a huge earthquake, measuring 7 on a richter scale, just hit haiti  there are many orphanages in haiti and there is a lot of damage  please pray for everyone there and for a lady <propfemale> mcbride who is visiting there "
please continue to pray for my friend <propfemale> (in haiti)    she has broken her ankle and has many cuts from broken glass  there is concern about infection because they don't have antibiotics  also pray for her family here   
just a spoon full of shugar makes the medicine go down
the hills are alive with the sound of music
heaven meets earth with a big sloppy kiss
<propfemale> and <propfirst> are in slc and on their way home 
o the horror! there are snowmen body parts as far as the eye can see  now the sun has come out and they are decomposing 3 hours ago
yes! i forgot his last name! the first step in forgetting him completly  i hope that comes soon
so i went to the doctor today for a fever and stomach pains  turns out i have a kidney infection
"if you play with fire, you're going to get burned"
i need more <propfemale>
babysitting can really wear you out
"so i went dress shopping and i got stuck in a dress, the zipper wouldn't go down  so the people who worked there had to cut me out"
today a mentally disabled boy told me that my face was covered with moonshine kisses  what does that mean?
"words of wisdom  love is like a sandwitch, no one likes it when it gets too cheesy"
my little sister is so funny
you don't need a boyfriend to make you feel like your worth something
sometimes you need to look at people differently and see what type of person they really are
i love interior design at bridgerland
"attention all: if you get a request from me or any friend to check out \youtube\"" and it looks like facebook-do not open it  it is a trojan worm and will infect and shutdown your computer and take all your personal info  it is travelling around facebook rapidly  you friends did not send it! this is real  please copy and paste"""
"never get too tired, too hungry or too lonely"
my stomache hurts  sad 
because i know he holds the future  my life is worth the living just because he lives
if god wanted my uncle to survive his brain aneurysm  he's going to make him heal completely 
"when it doubt, mumble"
i passed my test for second degree brown belt!!!
that went differently than i thought it would
i love fried rice
i swear a nap cures everything
hey my new phone number is (435)757-1177
i have a new brown brother named johan who lives in ecuador
i have a new brown brother named johan who lives in ecuador! he's so cute!
i hate it when i flex and my shirt rips
i wish i could speak spanish fluently
brown chicken brown cow
do you ever eat something and when your finished you feel just as hungry?
my nephew is so unbelievably cute
you see me mowing my front lawn
how did i get so white and nerdy?
its amazing what you'll let a baby do
i want to do something this week  any ideas?
"hey everyone, i'm leaving next wednesday (the 25th) and i will be gone for six months  i won't have a phone or the internet so if anyone wants to write to me the address i'll be staying at is p o  box 1628 <propmale> california, 95648-9600"
lol im watching steel magnolias
