2beb31a1e7ef5c322afc17476cfc6db9
"is an idiot! how did i not see the skateborder before i ran into him?!? ow, ow, ow   "
loves coco pebbles with strawberries!!!
"got my temps today, baby!  mwa-ha-ha!"
is off to band practice  i can barely contain my enthusiasm    come to the parade on sunday so my hard work isn't for nothing!
"is finished being farmer girl for the day   now it's time for a shower, then fireworks!"
yay!!!!  i have a profile pic!!!  yay!!!
should be sleeping    but i can't! who knewchicken nuggets could keep u so wired
loves <propmale>!
is going camping for the first time ever! i dearly hope mosquitos don't feast on me
is perturbed  what happened to the carp?!?!
"is being active today: biking, volleyball, maybe running later"
"today is both left handed people day and blame someone else day, so    i blame the leftys!"
"is sore and stiff, but psyched that volleyball is starting again! is it weird to like feeling sore?"
has lots of cookies to sell  anybody wanna buy any? they're sure to be tasty!
is finally up to date in volleyball land-- i got spandex!
"the hard facts about shopping for clothes: shorts will be short, pants will be tight, and shirts are frequently sheer   don't see-thru shirts kinda defeat the purpose? i mean, really!"
"just ate fudge-topped pre-birthday cake with the family! nobody remembered candles, so we improvised and used matches    smile "
"first day of school    already have algebra 2 homework    but got made class secretary  pretty fun, in a boring way"
has a cold   sad 
hates seeing people with half a head
<propmale> out with family friends tonight    bar hoppin'!
"was really tired and sick, but slept for nearly 12 hours and now feels much better"
is so nervous for friday!!!
"retains the sexiest tan lines on earth, despite the fact that it's november"
"thinks one act play was great! and to celebrate, we get to sleep in tomorrow!"
is aprehensively excited for tonight's excusion!
"is having a blast at state theater! we got hats n glasses n beads    n memories!  smile    deeply missing my baby, though   sad "
is stuffed    i now know a whole can of whipped cream is not a good idea
loves snow!  hates shoveling it! (over and over and over   )
"is curious as to why all the teachers load on the homework and projects right before christmas vacation?  oh, well    only one more day!"
saved room for cake    but now has to wait for it to come out of the oven
everyone is so happy and loving and content   i love it!
is bored    maybe i'll take a nap til we start our end of the year celebration 
"is feeling good tonite! i don't know why, but i just do!"
"is off to ec for movies  not really sure which one to see yet, but entertainment is sure to be had "
loves skiing!  but not the falling and nearly breaking your leg parts 
"isn't sure whether it's worse to know, or not to know "
is bouncing on an exercise ball!
catered for the first time today  not a bad e playful erience 
purr   purr   purrrrrr   puuurrrrrrrrrrr    meow!
is proud to at least have gotten 8 points on the individual tests at the math meet today    smile 
mmm   pudding!
it is just warm enough in my house that i can wear a winter coat and be completely comfortable 
"went to pizza ranch   i give it three stars   limited broccoli on the <propmale> pizza, but great amount of meat on the \man's pizza\"""""
"hates when you hear and love a song mix, then hear the original and try to sing all the mix parts  it just doesn't work"
hot chocolate mix makes wonderful coffee creamer
is very upset! our microwave died
just took a wonderful cat nap   excited n well slept for tonite   smile 
"had a pretty awesome night  mudding, getting stuck, campfire    good times!  next time tho, we need marshmallows"
is considering getting dressed for the day
"as we were, so perfect, so happy don't remember, only your smiles 'cause that's all they've seen long since dried when we are found are the tears in which we had drowned as we were, so perfect, so happy"
got up at 2 smile 0! first time sleeping past noon in    i can't even remember how long
is writing a letter to my baby!
hoppy easter all!
why does it not surprise me that everybody's on the night before school starts up again?
"is ultimately pissed off at the scheduling for next year   she asked for our input, we gave it, she changed virtually nothing, and now i can't take half the classes i want to!  ugh!!!"
"mmm, late night bagels   smile "
"i miss, miss, miss him! but, more importantly, i love, love, love him!"
is off to work a little girls' v-ball tourney
is wondering what the 'm' on m&ms stands for
"went to ec, got a new black microwave, and got a haircut! and it's curly!"
bummin' in biology  <propfemale> is the best bs-er to mr  sigs!
ms  maenner is officially my hero
"is looking forward to a day in <propfemale>!  in about 12 hours, the forensics team will be performing at state!  wish us luck!"
got a gold at state!!!!! we acted like nutcases on the way back in celebration    smile 
"say it ain't so, i will not go, turn the lights off, <propfemale> me home "
all the chocolate eggs are gone!!!!  sad 
"had a verrrrrrrry long evening  on the bright side, the 8th grade play is pulling together"
"only one more prep session, then i'm done!!! (and it's gonna b a party!)"
"chips, strawberries, string cheese, n cream soda were my supper  what a well balanced meal!"
"thinks the 8th grade play was awesome! i can't wait to actually see see it tomorrow! great job, everybody!  smile "
loves it when my friends randomly show up at my door to whisk me away    smile 
off to help supervise the 8th grader's last performance  good luck!
"a little bit of <propfemale> in my life, a little bit of <propfemale> by my side, a little bit of <propfemale>'s all i need, a little bit of <propfemale>'s what i see, a little bit of <propfemale> in the sun, a little bit of <propfirst> all night long, a little bit of <propfemale> here i am, a little bit of you makes me your man    smile ))"
thinks it's hilarious watching guys play some war video game on level 19 (jumping up from 6) and freaking out over how screwed they are   smile 
died today
"hates when ur arguing with ur parents n u decide to stop fighting back because u've realized it's just gonna make them madder n they might decide to make consequences if u keep going   ur right, u kno it, but they think they've won n the discussion is forever settled just because u stopped "
prom!!!!  going over to <propfemale>'s to get ready soon   it's gonna b great!  smile )))
had a blast last night!  counted 52 <propfirst> pins n 6 little flowers in my hair   amazed i didn't spill anything on myself at famous <propmale>'s   smile 
"washed, rinsed, n repeated 3 times and my hair still smells like the hairspray!"
is sad and pissed off at myself    crying 
"mmm, refreshed n energized    just in time for bed!  stupid kenpox (but it was fun)   thanks, <propfirst>!"
did something to my ankle today   ow   sad 
is a forced volunteer of the city of <propfemale> tonight  i was the one in the blue sweatshirt putting purple fliers on doors 
almost gave blood today     sad 
 smile ) 8 days!!   love 
"has some scary monster hair going on   but i'm not doing anything today, so i don't feel the need to correct it "
finished lawn-mowage and now is helping make supper   i get to do the veggies   and the rice pudding!  mmmm     smile 
"what you've got, boy, is hard to find   i think about it all the time   i'm all strung out, my heart is fried, i just can't get you off my mind     4 days!!!  laugh dd  love "
"is packing   i have so many dress clothes, but why aren't any the right dress clothes?!?  ahhhhh, 2 days left, leaving tomorrow for il to see my sailor boy!   love "
"in chicago with the gutshalls   up at 5:45, got to see <propfirst> graduate at 9, spending the day with him while he's on <propfemale>!   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   love "
"is young and naive, but it still hurts when you e playful ect fairness and it's denied you   there's nothing i hate worse than a broken promise, a broken commitment "
had fun twirling a flag around    then dropping it   whoops!  but i love our hats!   smile 
"watched an amazing movie- august rush   kinda sappy, but sometimes sappy moods are good for the soul"
has completed the algebra 2 final and is officially done with sophemore year!  goodbye 'til september!  but not all my tests r over    wish me luck for tomorrow morning!
ahhhhh!  disney movie night!  dude!
"ahhhh!  it's b-e-a-utiful outside!  but i'm babysitting my sisters, so no going anywhere tonight    maybe more disney movies!  i'm in a kick"
"had a pretty good time in the june dairy days parade   saw some people i haven't seen in forever, then went to my grandparents n had strawberry shortcake   smile "
"take me, take me out of here, it makes me\feel so, feel so na, na, na-na, na\baby, baby, here we all are crazy\you don't have to worry, na, na, na-na, na"
has a bruised tailbone   and it hurts   i wish humans were far enough in evolution not to have them anymore- they're useless and hard and painful
"v-ball tonight    then tomorrow's the last day of mural-painting at tuggers!  anybody who wants should come check it out, it's pretty awesome"
had a fun time my first night at work!  smile     even tho it was only for 2 hours
ranch     love 
enjoys schmoozing   i am a schmoozer    smile 
will be going to the beach today dammit!  haven't gone all summer yet but my pathetic-ness will be broken today
jammin' out to 3oh!3   laugh 
"to sing when you're hurt, to sing when you cry; to sing when you live, to sing when you die"
& <propfemale> <propmale> aced the compass test!  then had ice cream at teps to celebrate  smile 
just because the issue is not currently being discussed does not mean that it is resolved   it doesn't just go poof and disappear
zumba!!
optometrist appointment today!  also setting up a bank account here in town
"had the strangest dream last night annoyed there was a sesame street day at school and we were all in the cafeteria decorating sesame street character masks to wear \weird   but possible theme for something next year?  hmmm   "
"is now on foreign soil   why, helloooooooo canada!"
"every time i see an exchange of cash here, it feels like we're playing monopoly  smile "
bachelorette  party tonight   we have cow cake    laugh 
freshmen make me laugh    smile 
fricken' loves toblerone bars!
"it just takes some time, little girl, in the middle of the ride   everything, everything will be just fine   everything, everything will be alright "
was just listening to the radio and heard the song mr  catt's been playing- the 21st night of september song   lol!
my happy place is 72 degrees   it's currently 60 degrees in my house   this just isn't gonna fly 
"it's my baby sister's 6th birthday today!!  they won't be home til around 7, so i've got plenty of time to wrap her presents!"
"can you feel the love tonight?\i'm feeling an intense need to have a disney movie-a-thon on friday  smile "
"one year anniversary with my babe!!!\i love you, <propfirst> gutshall!\(2 days!)\ love   love   love   love   love "
"tomorrow, tomorrow, i love ya, tomorrow   it's only a day away!!!!"
"good riddance, wisdom teeth!  my mouth feels poofy and stiff   but the pain's not too bad (thanks to ibuprofun smile  )"
"tonight we're going hard\just like the world is ours       smile "
just wants to dance!!!
"state theater!!!!!!!  today!!!\hellooooo, oshkosh"
is citing sources in apa style 
"loves tulle and glitter!!!\and all those fun shiny girlie things   smile "
is f-freakin' c-c-cold!!!!  but really likes the fluffy white stuff falling from the sky  smile 
for some reason i always associate the name <propfirst> with an old-time villain or mobster   huh 
"though delicious, hershey's kisses don't bake very well   either that, or i did it wrong"
my current music infatuation is avenged sevenfold 
"i'm blue!!  (dabadee, dabadi)  but literally, from my new vibrant teal sheets"
my accounting class thinks it's funny that my mom gives me cough medicine in a shot glass 
loved how half the teachers were 'sick' today
"surprise visit from my grandma!!  yes, i love her very much  smile "
is biting the heads off baby goldfish
fabulous first track practice    laugh   laugh   laugh 
talk about spring storms   does this still count as march coming in like a lion?
"it's elementary, dear watson "
has been wrapped up in astrology all day     laugh 
