2ab5dc09af49cf5114e60087919f1f3a
is back 
can't wait to move into her first apartment    love 
has working internet!  shoooot!
"hmmm    oh audition season, why must thou hateth me so?"
    congratulations <propfirst> on making jazz ensemble i!!!
"well, i hate <propfirst> with a passion  i hate my life  <propfirst> sucks balls  i wish he'd die!!!!!"
    good   i love when freshmen update my status 
had a lot of fun last night!  thanks everyone who came!
"    <propmale> jurado, the psalters, and mewithoutyou   fantastic "
is pissed 
"just found out her favorite fish (snail) is dead, and has been for two weeks   her mother has been keeping it a secret "
    my phone is working again!  it's a miracle!
is too excited about her new swiffer 
loves that the first interview she gets is for a company that actually turns out to be a scam artist 
"won a free dinner for two anywhere in stillwater, courtesy of lights on stillwater    smile   i guessed how much <propfemale> was in the jar "
is excited for the game tomorrow!  and cobra!
's phone has finally actually broken 
snail naming contest    go!
the snail is now named    <propfemale>!  and my new fish is    obadiah!
thinks her fish are becoming friends    smile 
has spent around four hours in a practice room today and is entirely certain that she's not even the teensiest bit better 
watched milk for the first time   incredible 
is a big old sightsinging exam tomorrow with a certain scary bosnian   
wants to know if anyone wants a fish!!!
hoover has a new home!  the little bully 
dropped her phone down a freight elevator shaft   so    don't try to call me 
is much too dependent on her cellular device 
thinks that <propfirst>'s birthday went wonderfully! <propfirst>topher firey
"had to exfoliate her lips this morning   thanks, accutane "
got a much-needed haircut   and loooves her stylist    smile 
is in love with someone special 
's someone special is fixing dinner for her tonight!
wishes she could find a stupid pumpkin patch in stillwater 
mmmmm    bath and body works 
had a pretty decent concert    smile 
is making blackberry cobbler!
thinks that those who are adamantly against abortion should be the ones handing out condoms on every street corner 
thinks that sightsinging is a lot like getting an arm chopped off without anesthesia   please let it be over soon   
is in music history term paper hell 
is enrolled to take 18 hours next semester   neat 
doesn't understand why she has to pay 65 dollars a ticket for crossmen banquet   shouldn't that have been covered in our outrageously high dues?
just found out that <propfirst>'s new kitten needs reparative surgery on his leg that will cost between one and two thousand dollars 
got a monologue for the v monologues!
got a squirt bottle for the cat   muahaha 
"has a christmas tree and is making cookies   ahhhh, christmastime "
thinks that everyone should go see osu's production of lonely planet   absolutely beautiful 
"again, if anyone can spare absolutely anything for <propfirst>, we would appreciate it so much   we can do about $400, but that's all the money we have   we need to raise about $200 by tomorrow   please help 918-645-3786 "
<propfirst> is safe and home!  thanks to everyone who helped out with his vet bills!  now    new snail naming contest   go!
"<propmale> it is   to join the ranks of captain <propfirst>, pongo, <propfemale> and hardy, and of course, <propfemale> "
"wishes she got a real thanksgiving break    you know, the kind without a mandatory football game in the middle of it "
didn't mean to update <propfirst>'s status for him   i had quite the day 
"needs to practice for two juries and a piano proficiency, study for three finals, complete one project, and finalize a term paper   good "
is done with her music history term paper!  ahaha!  i am invincible!
had a great time last night at the christmas party!  thanks to everyone who came!
"now has two music <propmale> caption pages to write, two juries to practice, three finals to study, and one kitten to cuddle "
apparently christmastime is the only time of the year when little people of <propfemale> become extremely employed by politically incorrect commercialized companies hoping to make their product more family-friendly in a holiday-centered tv spot 
"thinks that macgamut is the most poorly-made computer program in existence   you can't notate during the play   to <propfemale> an existing quarter note, you have to click erase, erase it, click a quarter note, click a <propfemale>, and try your hardest to line it up, all the while forgetting the rest of the example   as opposed to drawing a <propfemale> on a piece of paper   genius, right?"
doesn't understand how she can be completely and fully awake after 3 hours of sleep 
"here goes nothing, music history final and percussion jury "
"thank god, my two hardest finals are over "
why don't zombies like <propfemale> kern?  because she doesn't have any brains!
"thinks it's great to be back in bixby, but misses <propfirst> and <propfirst> like crazy    sad "
"suddenly misses all of her southwind and crossmen family like crazy   i hope all of you are doing well, and i hope that i can see you someday again "
"and i have read the <propfemale> seal, that tell of how the seedlings feel, reminds my heart what love can yield "
is quite positive she has the best boyfriend in the entire world   mr  <propfirst> firey 
loved avatar 
"missed the part in the bible that said that if you have a ten-foot, thousand-light cross incorporated in the christmas lights that surround your multimillion-dollar mansion- complete with a range rover and hummer in the driveway-, complimented with a professionally done american flag display, you are justified in your outrageous, blatantly anti-scriptural ostentatiousness "
"'s dinner date bailed, then she pathetically texted all of her friends for a dinner date, only to realize that everyone has already has plans   good, because i love getting totally ready and sitting on my butt at home "
ended up having a great time at dinner!
"invites everyone to her church, abiding harvest united methodist, for a christmas <propfemale> play that will knock your socks off   6pm, on 129th (<propfemale>) between 101st and 111th, broken arrow   my sister and i will be playing o come <propmale>!"
ended a beautiful christmas <propfemale> watching it's a wonderful life with the love of my life 
"had a wonderful christmas, and hopes desperately that it wasn't her last one in oklahoma "
"um   glass house, throw stones much?"
"all is well, the kitten will be cared for "
"is leaving tomorrow for the bowl trip   in the mean time: pomplamoose, all the single ladies   youtube   and    go "
is having a very difficult time searching for a rent house around campus for fall 2010   any suggestions?
does not know how to have a reasonable conversation with the ine playful licably irrational 
"the 2nd time around, avatar was even better   thanks, <propfirst> <propfirst> "
started out the first day of new classes just super by missing her first one 
"no, facebook, i do not accept your wizardry invitation "
lots of new photos!
"quote of the night: <propmale> bergeron, on stage, describing the little mermaid as \that fishy tramp\"" """
"this weekend, my friend's and my aunt's dog died   rest in peace, <propmale> and <propmale>   you will be missed "
<propfirst> picked up a new stray kitten   her name is <propfemale> because she's quite the jazz singer 
is taking care of a basket full of 20-day-old newborn puppies!
"still cries when she sees the notebook   oh, young love   "
played a bb scale on a trombone today!  sort of   
"hmmm, one month's rent vs  ipad   sigh "
no school!  now time for macgamut   
"no, macgamut   i will never play any piece in tenor clef, especially one written in gb minor "
"is becoming increasingly more aware of the atrocities that biblical christianity theologically advocates   selling daughters into sex slavery, righteous killing of any dissenting opinion, imperialism, and genocide    among others "
"just listened to the best percussion recital she's ever heard   great job, <propfemale>   that was amazing "
apparently i look like <propfemale> imbruglia 
"the new, simplified version of facebook looks quite a bit more confusing "
is not feeling the music history exam tomorrow 
might have pulled an a out of her butt on the music history exam 
"<propfemale> palin- i have no idea how you got as far as you have   really?  i mean, really?"
"hopes to see everyone at the monologues on saturday, at 7pm and sunday, at 4pm in the student union little theater!  don't miss it!"
"nothing like having your car spin off the road on your way to work that says, good morning "
"is hungry, fevered, exhausted, and unprepared   happy monday "
"had a decent percussion ensemble concert   great job, <propfirst> and <propmale>!"
someone stole a puppy from the humane society on saturday!
helped <propfirst>'s little sister pick out a kitten from the stillwater humane society this afternoon for her 11th birthday!  whom i believe she named <propfirst>   
"wants to write a big note about big religion   but unfortunately, has to put if off (again) to another day   thanks, music history exam studying    sad "
thinks you should read judges 21:10-24   good luck 
"is mortified she stayed up this late to watch a movie on lifetime   furthermore, an <propfemale> bynes movie on lifetime "
more fun and inspirational bible verses: judges 11:29-40 
is having a bad day 
is going to have to pay $400 for the ramifications of losing her keys   good 
"dear ting tings, just because you dress trendy, have unintelligible lyrics, and ooze with indie spirit, it doesn't mean you are good musicians   no, that's not your name "
"says a big thanks to her mailman, who put four letters in her mailbox and left it open   my mailbox opens on the top   and it was pouring outside "
"says, congratulations to washington dc today   maybe the rest of the country can wise up "
"cooked dinner   that's right, like real dinner "
the brand new brand new album leaves me feeling very unsatisfied and    sad   just because your name is brand new doesn't mean you have to reinvent yourself completely on an album   sigh 
has officially started spring break!
"got some great time with her wonderful aunt, angi mcneil   now off to branson!"
is in branson!
thinks it's amazing the kinds of dream epics you can have when left to sleep over twelve hours 
had another dream epic last night   this one involved me showing up for 2010 crossmen spring training with no music or instrument assignment 
"really liked shutter island, so there   and congratulations to <propfirst> <propmale>!  she just got engaged!"
"thank god we didn't run into the duggars today at silver dollar city   considering the predominant demographic, though, we might as well have "
happy days in stilly with the psuedo-hubby 
"joined a gym, is on a diet, and wants a burger "
"gop: calm the hell down   children with preexisting conditions cannot be denied coverage   college students can stay on their parents' plan until 26   it protects against medicare fraud   insurances now have to put 80% of the premiums to the actual care received   of course, there are potential problems with the <propmale>   but amend, don't repeal "
there is an amazing place in stillwater that i've never seen been to before tonight   tokyo pot   delicious   (108 w  10th- in downtown)
it's really pathetic that i'm this sore 
"<propmale> <propfirst>, we all knew   but thanks for clarifying "
t-baggers?!  more like d-baggers!
"just found out that her favorite burrito at qdoba has 1,285 calories   sigh "
"drill, baby, drill sounds suspiciously a lot like kill, baby, kill "
so my cat <propfirst> is apparently a <propfirst> and she's pregnant 
can't wait for easter lunch with the fireys!
"you give me a quiet mind, and i    i love you "
wishes it would storm more tonight   torrential   downpour 
broke down and wore an easter dress today   i'm six 
lost 6 lbs  in 2 weeks! woo!
why'd you sing hallelujah if it means nothing to ya?
"heads up to soda members and friends: but i'm a cheerleader, thursday night- april 8th   7pm in the french lounge!"
arachibutyrophobia is fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth   you're welcome 
today's word is: hugger-mugger   it means secret   it also has a secondary definition of muddled or disorderly 
attention world: <propfirst> swift is a no-talent hack   that is all 
"today, a two-year-old at work told me that there were dinosaurs on <propmale>'s ark; a statement to which i agreed "
remembers the good old days when facebook didn't glitch every time i clicked something 
replacement snail naming contest     go 
"has so much to do: write up a huge secondary instrumental methods project, write a diversity paper for special education, practice my butt off and solidify my piano memory, finish two firth etudes, pass a singing quiz that means the difference between and a or b for me, rewrite and edit my music history research paper, coordinate the drag <propmale> for dragonfly, and oh yeah    study for and pass the theory barrier exam "
"yet again, for the billionth time, i want smoothie <propmale>   and gaze longingly at the place where it used to be   "
would anyone be willing to <propmale> a litter of kittens for a month or so?  there are two litters: a siamese with 5 babies and a torti tabby with 7 babies   please help!  they really need it!
omg glee just got even better   idina menzel!
<propfemale> just won dragonfly 2010!!!
is livid that she missed day of silence!
"just found out that she's been spelling the word \canceled\"" wrong   for her entire life """
"is extremely satisfied with her most recent itunes purchase   thanks, swell season, for being just that good "
the world would be a much better place if everyone just drove the speed limit 
whoever told ke$ha she was talented    lied 
"passed the barrier! oh, and three weeks left of sophomore year!"
"hates when people say, we are pregnant "
"surrounded by pimples, ill-fitting clothing, awkwardness that surpasses all, greasy hair, and way too much eyeliner, i am thankful to beout of high school "
"<propfirst> <propmale>, you are wonderful   i will watch you every night, religiously   thank you for being the only voice of reason on political television "
gay prom is cancelled    sad 
has now lost 8lbs    smile 
"<propfirst> just cooked pork chops, mashed potatoes, green beans, and rolls for dinner   and of course, sweet tea   finish it off with an old <propmale> <propfirst> movie   life is wonderful "
"wishes people showed respect for animals, i e , the crazy old man who told her today that he was going to shoot a litter of puppies on his land, rather than call animal welfare "
really really really really really does not want to go to symphonic band dress rehearsal 
"ok, 2 projects, 5 finals, 2 take-home finals, and 2 juries   now for the home stretch   "
wants to know why facebook is always so super glitchy now 
here's a good way to freak yourself out: realizing that you just accidently overdosed on excedrin 
"to do list for tomorrow: study for huge music history final that i know nothing about, practice for piano jury on monday, compile a low brass notebook, and start finish a take-home final for low brass   possibly sleep, but probably not "
is not prepared for this week 
"hasn't seen precious, but thought that gabourey sidibe could act (what with all the hubbub)   i just watched last week's snl    man was i wrong "
wishes she was awesome enough to be <propfemale> spektor's best friend 
"methods project, methods take-home final, percussion jury, special <propmale> final, and music theory final left   not terrible, but ready to be finish<propmale> "
hates it when lost kills off her favorite characters 
percussion jury is over 
"6 finals, 2 juries down   1 more final to go!"
"is officially a <propmale>   adulthood, here i come "
back in tulsa for a week   let me know if you want to <propfemale> out!
thinks anyone who drops off animals on the side of the road should be dropped off on the side of the earth 
my mother just texted me rofl 
"um, tornado status "
thinks that you probably shouldn't have 19 children if you want all of your children to come out healthy 
has a feeling she's going to blow a good chunk out of her paycheck at mayfest   sigh   it's not like i owe $400 to my parents or anything   
got another awesome haircut from <propfemale> <propfirst>!
why did no one inform me that begin to hope had a bonus track version with seven more songs on it?!  i feel robbed!
"was a little disappointed by mayfest   neither of her favorite artists returned, and one of the photographers she really liked was selling an 8x11 print for 150   150   are you kidding?"
dear general public: an apostrophe indicates possession   not pluralism 
attention stillwater: please let me know if you want some cheap furniture   <propfemale> medication is e playful ensive!
starts school again tomorrow   
"anyone who can help me move furniture on tuesday or wednesday next week, please let me know!"
word of the day: veridical: truthful; veracious   from my ethics class    smile 
tornado status    again   sheltering in the seretean basement with <propfirst> and the kitties   thank god for practice room keys 
"learned how to ride a bike! (yes, i had a very depressing childhood   )"
can't wait to finally move this week!
if anyone in stillwater can help today: i'm moving from my apartment to one about a block away and could really use some extra hands!  give me a call!
"moving sucks   you never really realize how much crap you've acquired when you have to pack it all away, take it down the stairs of your second story apartment, pack it into a scion which was not meant to be packed, take it up to your new second story apartment, and place it just so   rinse, wash, and repeat "
"thanks to <propfirst> aery, <propmale> <propmale>, and <propfirst> firey for helping me move yesterday!"
best glee ever   and not just because i'm getting a future <propfemale> cast member named after me 
"saved two baby kittens who were abandoned in a parking lot   please let me know if you may have room for them in your home!  they will need shots, of course!"
"is so thankful she found a home for the kittens so quickly!  thanks to <propfemale> renk and <propfirst> rudasill, bosie and <propmale> now have a family!"
sometimes i go to walmart and people-watch to make me feel good about myself 
"done with ethics, now onto math for the first time in three years   this should be good "
is super excited for pride tomorrow!
what's better than passing out from heat exhaustion?  not passing out from heat exhaustion 
"feels really accomplished that she installed and configured her wireless router all by herself   i'm such a grown-up   now time for cookies, milk, and cartoons "
"loooves summer in stilly   three hour nap in the middle of the day?  yes, please "
"just reminding everyone that the location of my birthday party has changed to tei kei's on utica!  same time, same date!"
"i just got a brand new, sizzling crimson scion xb 2011   holy cow "
"rang in her birthday at midnight with one of her favorite people, <propfirst> hendrix   now time to go to work at 7 smile 0 and let my phone e playful lode with birthday facebook notifications "
thanks to everyone for birthday wishes!
has resorted to getting all of her news from <propfirst> <propmale> 
status!
"um, so    toy story 3 was amazing "
thinks it's a cruel joke the turtles were created so slow and with such an affinity for crossing the road 
happy birthday to the best sister ever! <propfemale> wallis!
profound status 
never realized <propmale> saget was so vulgar 
got a <propmale> snow painting today as a late birthday present from mom   loves it   evidently i now have enough to be considered a collector   which makes me sound obsessed and or uppity 
hulu now has mst3k   yes 
 love  mr  holland's opus 
"just saw the last airbender   good news for the happening, it is now no longer the worst m  night shyamalan movie ever made "
finished with my epsy case study   now off to some festivities with <propfirst>!
"nearly got her car blown up by the crazy ghetto people downtown who were throwing <propmale> candles at the cars who were in gridlock traffic due to a police detour   i understand the cycle of poverty and all that tragedy, but ghetto people are nuts "
"finished helping <propmale> <propmale> move into his new apartment, now for some online homework    yay   "
i like lady in the water   so <propfemale> me 
"quote from <propfirst> at work, \it's slower than a <propfemale> palin brain cell race in here \""  this is why i love him """
apparently you have to be a gangster hamster to buy a <propfemale> soul 
can anyone instruct me on how to use a charcoal grill?
got the coolest ring ever at stillwater's antique mall   you can't beat 6 bucks 
about to grill a couple steaks    here goes nothing   
suggestions on charcoal type?  <propmale> oak is not cutting it 
"oklahoma has now officially moved to 50th in the nation for teacher's salary   of course, we are also 1st in the nation for teacher qualifications   so basically, we want extremely qualified teachers to work for nothing   good job, oklahoma "
"oh my god   inception was so good   blow your mind good   speechless good   absolutely beautiful   hands down, one of the best movies i've ever seen "
really loves when her online epsy professor completely changes her grading system halfway through the semester and doesn't tell anyone about it   lovely 
has lost 21 lbs!  woo!
is so unimaginably content with her life 
it is so hot   unbelievably hot   i want to jump into a pool of iced tea 
went to the humane society today   i wish i had a dog    sad 
"thanks cavies '10, for being that good "
this   is   my rifle 
"people who swerve to hit animals in the road are morally disgusting   dear little country turtle, <propfemale> will come back to that stupid, <propmale> redneck "
"is seriously considering auditioning for the one, the only, bluecoats pit   it's been my dream since i was 14   let's see if we can make it a reality "
"all i ask is that <propfirst> fallin and <propfirst> sullivan don't win   that's not too much, right?"
who wants to come with me today and play with puppies at the stillwater humane society?!
"had a good time at the lake with shelter dog kela!  it was sooo hot, and she's nuts, but what a sweetheart!"
"after a seven-page paper completed in one sitting on the importance of comprehensive sex education in public schools, is finally done with epsy "
"is needing some new itunes   any suggestions?  i usually run along the lines of my favs, <propfemale> spektor, <propfirst> bird, pomplamoose, feist, swell season, the hush sound, and mars volta "
love is a many splendored thing   love lifts us up where we belong   all you need is love!
has lost almost 30 lbs   yaaaaaay 
"basically lives in an attic, so her ac is about to kill itself just trying to maintain under 80   thanks, oklahoma "
feelin' the pull    dragging me off again   and i'm feelin' so small    against that big sky tonight 
is excited to start teching cushing's percussion tomorrow!
prop 8 is dead!
hopefully tomorrow will be a better teaching day     bass drums are just as cool as everything else in the line 
trimming the fat on her itunes   sigh of relief 
"i didn't go to see the city, i went to see it around you   we can laugh in hell together, the devil will find you too "
is a silly little twelve-year-old girl whose dreams far exceed the realms of her reality 
has rediscovered her love for the mars volta 
"anyone want a black lab puppy? i found one today in cushing, very socialized and people-oriented  i can bring her back today! 9186453786!"
is decidedly not ready for a dog in her life   i think i may have become a cat person    dear god 
wishes all of her drum corps family luck tonight and tomorrow night!  i miss you all!
is ready to start year three of her college adventure 
d-d-d-d date night 
vehemently liked <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world 
is bonding with her new cmb pit    smile 
"so a car got pulled over outside my apartment by a stillwater cop   after a few minutes, he must've decided he needed backup, cue incognito ford e playful lorer cop   they've been out there for about twenty minutes, just standing around and looking at the poor guy's old car, all the while their lights on making a big fuss   i'm pretty certain it's just that his tail light is out   that's it   douches "
i had a dream that a volcano was growing on my face   i woke up to find the biggest zit ever on my <propfemale>   i think i'm a prophet   and    that sucks 
school in t minus 7 hours   
"scruffy puppy naming contest   male, about twenty pounds when full grown, sweet, quiet, laid back   i like real people names    smile "
"ok, it's between <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale> "
his name is <propmale>  my sister's vote kind of trumps all 
"it has now become a requirement that to be my friend, you must meet and love my new puppy  you're welcome "
"please help!  if you know much about housebreaking a dog, call text email fb comment me!"
"oh, hey wind ensemble audition   restart three times, forget two accidentals, barf all over your timpani tuning, get your rhythms verbally corrected during the audition, and have your snare be virtually unintelligible   that's right, i'm a musician   (   )"
"took <propmale> to the groomer, got him a harness and another toy   while the groomer definitely wasn't his favorite thing, he sure feels better after and looks great!  (the puppy bandana helps!)"
"got the parent's ok on <propmale> last night   whew   his personality is really starting to shine through   leash training is coming along, housebreaking    is another story "
<propmale> is housebroken!  muahaha!
"is looking for anyone in stillwater with a dog puppy they may want to socialize with mine on playdates?  must be neutered, utd on shots, flea tick heartworm preventative, dewormed, and non-aggressive   let me know!"
"oh hey, 19 hours of class   aren't you lovely "
wants the seasons to change now 
is not a very good percussionist 
"was looking forward to tonight all week to take <propmale> to the one-night-a-week dog park on campus  cue torrential rainstorm  thanks, god "
 love  this weather 
stillwater has awoken 
"got to go to the suite club level of the stadium, get a ton of free food, and see where t boone watches his games   muahaha "
"<propmale> matthews band, 41   this one goes out to you, sdub 150 "
"loves when she practices her flute like crazy and can play everything perfectly, and then the next morning, barfs all over her playing test   it's really awesome "
<propmale> destroyed his first pair of my shoes today 
"last night, i had a dream that the president suddenly decided to segregate men and women so that only men knew important news and women were kept in oblivion   i then, of course, organized a feminist revolution and liberated all of the women into equality, after having a serious heart-to-heart with mr  obama "
<propmale> chewed through his second pair of my shoes last night   good thing he's going for the cheap uncomfortable ones that don't really fit 
loves her some <propfirst> copeland 
parenthood season premier tonight!
favorite episode of glee is on: gaga   love <propfirst> o'malley's monologue and naya rivera's bad romance    love 
sold all of her childhood books for 16 bucks   then spent nearly 90 on weekly groceries   economy fail 
the o'colly had three spelling grammatical errors in today's paper alone   i've decided they've just really stopped caring   
"just came back from devil   i give it a solid b+   fairly (really) predictable, but overall a good, mildly scary flick   definitely a redemption from airbender "
"worst   day   ever   woke up at 5 smile 0 to drive into work in tulsa after a night game in stillwater, every child at the nursery was pissed off and screaming bloody murder, had to drive back to stillwater to study for a huge exam tomorrow morning and most importantly, my family dog that we've had for 13 years is dying   someone shoot me "
music history makes me hate music 
dadt vote today   merka 
going to washington dc thurs-mon   hit me up with some must-sees while i'm there!
misses <propfirst> firey 
is in dc!
we just walked by a black panther ralley outside the metro 
loves me some advocates for youth!
has ants in her bed 
has to have surgery tomorrow 
<propmale> sprained his foot   by looking at a table 
"surgery went pretty well   they found some mild abnormalities, so had to get xrays   hope the results come in soon!"
"is currently sitting in the tunnel of the boone pickens stadium, a&m game blaring outside, trying desperately to write a research proposal   anyone know any good articles on ravel's ciphers?"
everyone needs to come to the suab dog show tonight and root for <propmale>!  he's definitely the cutest one out there!  6pm on library lawn!
<propmale> won the dog fashion show!  i really do have stillwater's cutest dog!
can't wait to see all of tulsa's finest at the fair tonight 
"just listened to palladino's interview on npr   dear new york, please, for your sake, don't elect this crazy idiot "
"happy birthday to the most wonderful person i know, <propfirst> firey   i love you "
what's the difference between rounded binary and anything ternary?
computer's about to die    boo   now i have nothing to do in music history 
just got about 6ish inches of hair cut off from the lovely and talented <propfemale> <propmale> at junes garage   looks super cute!
"congratulations to angi mcneil, my beautiful aunt who has found true love and getting married tomorrow!  you deserve it!"
"national coming out day is tomorrow  donate your status and join me in coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality by clicking here: http annoyed  bit ly 9cr1ia "
"today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=6749&rsource=stream "
"come and see <propfirst> firey, <propfirst> spaeth, and <propmale> malicoate tonight at zannotti's for the <propfirst> spaeth jazz trio at 8!"
did anyone else feel that earthquake?
"fyi: my phone is dead and won't be working until sunday   if you need to reach me, call <propfirst> "
loves when 6 hours of practicing yields absolutely nothing   oh and fyi: i don't like <propfemale> <propmale>'s music   so <propfemale> me 
so   tired   now on to finishing a pyware tutorial (just kill me now) and form and analysis hw    sad 
<propmale> had a great time at rosepetcottage this weekend while i was away with the band!  consider taking your pets there when you go out of town!
pyware can die 
hopes to see everyone at the osu percussion ensemble concert tomorrow night at 8!
<propmale> ate a candle   (and a roll of scotch tape   and pieces of <propfirst>'s shoe   and any bug who dare set its foot in the apartment )
"sister    wives   really, <propfemale> "
well   that was disappointing 
"had a dream that dead people were brought back to life   the dead people were so pissed about the whole thing that they all immediately and violently killed themselves (again) because they didn't want to be with the living   hmm, subconscious   "
just got back from paranormal activity 2   not nearly as scary innovative cool as the first one    boo   c+ 
hopes to see everyone tonight at take back the night: a protest against sexual violence!  7pm in the sequoyah room in the union!  (bring a jacket!)
had quite the little activist day with out on the lawn and take back the night!  now time to butcher some beginning flute   
is excited about scream country tomorrow!
"550 days, 2 hours, and 28 seconds until i graduate   ugh school "
america oklahoma fail 
"oh, hey 102 3 fever   how you doin "
"just heard an interesting tidbit, by outlawing international law in oklahoma, we may have also outlawed using the ten commandments as lawful backing   bahaha, take that, oklahoma!"
"<propmale> at a gluestick   thankfully, it was the kid-friendly non-toxic kind   ugh "
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo 
i was gone for less than an hour and <propmale> destroyed my sunglasses   sigh 
"oh, what not to wear   how blessed you make me feel not to be so socially inept "
and    go pokes    smile 
"no, it is not too early to decorate for christmas   especially because i'll only be in stilly half of december   apartment christmatized "
"hey school, could you stop making me want to throw myself off the seretean?  mondays suck enough as it is  \kthanks,\<propfemale>"
any vocalists' remedies on a sore throat?  i have to sing tomorrow  sad 
everyone come to the stillwater queer and women's arts festival tonight!
had a wonderful time at the <propmale> show!  special thanks to <propfirst> zuniga for her incredible and inspiring performance 
"\veganism is for <propmale> people who hate themselves \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>"""
"is celebrating two years today with the most amazing person i know, <propfirst> firey   happy anniversary, sweetheart!"
wouldn't mine loosing to the sooners so much if they weren't such douchebags 
is finally finished christmas decorating   i really do have a somewhat unhealthy obsession with christmas(time) 
"hey, worst day ever   how you doin "
had one of the better performances of her playing career so far 
is hospitalized with most likely e coli  i've never been this sick in my life 
"my tests came back and it looks like it's viral rather than bacterial   and extraordinarily contagious   my mom spent less than a day with me and she's extremely sick   i'm glad to be out of the er, though   now i'm on no less than twenty pills a day (we had to write out a schedule)   goodbye, world, back to my bed "
"<propmale> hid a chewed up christmas ornament under the rug   you can't fool my vaccuum, little dog "
<propmale> just learned how to shake in under 2 minutes   i have the smartest dog ever   now if he would only learn some manners   
tulsa was on the daily show!  for its silliness 
would like to thank the osu parking & transit service nazis for giving her an overtime ticket even though she moved her car to a different spot and wasn't parked there over 30 minutes 
die pyware die 
loves everyone's finals week status freakouts 
"halfway done   flute final, sonata project, piano jury, check   now onto the hard part: percussion jury, form take-home final, and form in-class final   boo "
"\i have a problem with people who take the constitution loosely and the bible literally \"" -<propmale> maher"""
got a v on her jury!
"is pretty sure she has strep   really, immune system?  stomach flu and strep in three weeks?!"
"has a sinus virus  fun to rhyme, not to get  i think my body has a personal vendetta against me "
come on dadt repeal!  3pm eastern today!  history in the making!
don't ask don't tell is officially repealed!
black swan was incredible 
has a date to night with the lovely <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfemale> !
"spent the evening with <propfirst> firey watching it's a wonderful life and listening to the roar of the fireplace   our third christmas together, and each one gets more and more extraordinary "
is in san <propfirst> and misses her bones family   
"osu's pit: low f marimba- two broken frame pieces and leak in tires; low a marimba- frame rusted off and broken through; low a marimba- broken frame piece and attachment; vibe 1- broken pedal; vibe 2- missing pedal attachment; xylo 1- completely broken frame attachment; xylo 2: has only three wheels, which are u-bolted to the frame; bass drum- broken position lock that flips the drum if played too hard   go pokes "
"i came downstairs today to find <propmale>'s 3-week-old bed completely destroyed, stuffing everywhere   sigh   back to petco and <propfemale> christmas to him again "
"wasn't aware that the plural of \panini\"" is \""panini\""   i want five panini """
"dear world: if you keep your pets outside, provide them with adequate shelter   if you don't feel like doing that, just bring them in   their lives are more important than your carpet   kthanks "
"summer glau's career: oh, that girl who kinda looks like <propfemale> wilde and who just isn't as good "
interview for petco on friday!  wish me luck!
"dear percussionist friends: please comment with some of your favorite marimba literature, around grade 5   thanks!"
i got the job!
just finished judging a high school debate tournament   i refuse to believe i was ever once that awkward 
says goodbye to <propfirst>   you were a good dog and you will be terribly missed 
"decided that from now on, she will be going to every movie that npr recommends to her   2 for 2, black swan and the <propmale>'s speech (  love  you, <propmale> firth) "
"thank you to all the lovely women who auditioned for the vagina monologues tonight!  2nd audition is thursday, 6-8 in clb 101!"
"<propmale> just chewed through a toy a got him less than an hour ago made out of fireman's hose   sorry for the caps, but it seems ridiculous "
beta naming contest!
"the vagina monologues 2011 is fully casted!  on a side note, does anyone know where i can get some good hummus in stilly?"
t  boone's on the daily show!
"loves hardcore working out and dieting her butt off to gain half a pound   thanks, body   screw you, too "
my betta's name is <propfirst> and he refuses to eat    sad 
uhh    did stillwater not get the snow memo?
"somehow, snow got through the <propfemale> crack in my door and left a two-inch pile in my entry   did i mention i live on the second floor?"
"<propmale> takes \frolicking in the snow\"" to a whole new level """
"if you wouldn't mind, stop by mead jewelers <propfemale> and \like\"" my picture posted on their wall   please and thank you    smile """
just heard gunshots outside    uhh   
"hates the clarinet   i hate the sound, i hate how it has a ridiculous amount of buttons, i hate how reeds get disgusting   i apologize in advance "
"seriously, osu?  it's great that you shoveled your sidewalks like robo-giants, but it won't matter if i can't actually get to your sidewalk in the first place "
evidently it's colder in oklahoma than in the south pole 
"spent about $650 today    ugh   at least i'm signed up for osat opte, paid for my gym, bought a custom baton, and my weight in percussion literature "
gave <propmale> his first bath since the snow came last week     he was pissed 
"and a happy <propfirst>'s to you, parking officer   may your eternal loneliness never cease to fuel your bitter, relentless work ethic "
"will no longer have her childhood house in bixby or parents who live in oklahoma by tuesday   ugh, adulthood "
does anyone know of a tailor in stillwater?
"today is national spay and neuter day! the world doesn't need more puppies  be a responsible pet owner and have your dog or cat fixed \\for those concerned with the cost, spay oklahoma does spays and neuters for families making $40,000 or less for under $50 "
"<propmale> weighs nearly 40lbs     so much for the \20 max\"" that i was originally quoted   """
now taking book recommendations   
"ordered a custom graphite baton over 2 weeks ago, thinking i'd have it in time for my advanced conducting final   nope   mail fail "
<propmale> went with me to vagina monologues rehearsal tonight   vagina warriors come in all shapes and sizes 
just saw a picture of me in southwind    four years and like thirty pounds ago   sigh 
"doesn't understand why she has to get a new sickness every 2 and a half months   screw you too, immune system "
loves grape nuts 
made another generous donation to the stillwater parking enforcement today 
contained herself at the container store 
"vagina monologues this weekend!  march 25-26, <propmale> watkins center   be there!"
oklahoma state university presents: the 2011 vagina monologues this weekend!
oklahoma state university presents: the 2011 vagina monologues tonight!
vagina monologues were amazing!  now for two more shows tomorrow!
"clarinet: the more i play it, the more i despise it "
passed her dog training certification test today!
