09a3b8b52db6bcca114d8097646fa2e9
"ok, i am offically on face book      now what??"
"after not sleeping for days because i was so stressed about my job transfer, it turned out great & is a good thing  now i have another job offer as well  am stoked!!!!"
"happy  21st birthday <propfirst> my awesome grandson  and happy birthday desi, you are the both the best!!!!"
rip precious <propfemale>  you will be missed  i love you 
happy mother's day everyone 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=siicitvwaow
"i loved you the minute you were born, then i saw your face and fell in \love some more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for \you and to this day i still would  put this on your status if you have \children you love more than life "
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this up for1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? love to those who are in the fight this is for my dad, my sister, and <propfemale> "
which crazy bitch are you? -- my result: <propfemale> knox  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 31001 referrals status?aid=1822640916
"https annoyed  forsakenclans com register2 php?ref=9806\come and play the best vampire game going "
"https annoyed  forsakenclans com register2 php?ref=9806\come and play the best vampire game going "
"https annoyed  forsakenclans com register2 php?ref=9806\come play this vampire game with me, adults only!!!!!"
"please\ put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who \suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is a \real condition & should be taken seriously in order to help those \suffering get a beating, i mean treated  there is still no known cure for stupidity but together we can raise awareness  93% won't \copy & paste this because, sadly, they don't know how to copy & \paste"
"homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed meds  mentally \ill go without treatment  troops go without the proper equipment  \veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!! yet we donate \millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first!!! \1% will re-post and the other 99% of people on facebook won't  i know \i'm the 1%, what about you?"
"acchoo!!!   ?(-???•?)?   copy&\ paste this to your status if you're allergic to bullcrap, drama, head \games, liars, & fake people  keep this sneeze going     i can't wait\ to see who all does this!!"
"it has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but you will always love them   re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends "
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer or has fought cancer, post this for at least one hour"
"true friends don't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies, they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship        repost if you have a true friend \they will know who they are     "
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals    yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are disrespecting gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i am not afraid to e playful ress my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future!!!"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
who can top the <propfemale> when they're at the bottom of it all!!!!!
"i may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body     i might not be everyone's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me as i walk away! post if you're proud of being you!"
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms  i have you in my heart  re-post if you love someone in heaven "
"doesn't make sense, does it? homeless in the us go without eating  elderly in the us go without needed medicines  mentally ill in the us go without treatment  american troops go without proper equipment  american veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%"
"it's daughter week ~ if you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun, who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status "
