717fb1a29af751aa25b0d0569282b045
surprised at how kafkaesque 'district 9' was
i'm being destroyed by summer allergies 
annoyed that my team's world cup hopes are vanishing --- for a third damn time in a row
köppen climate maps + playing with latitude longitude on google maps leads to interesting things   found out that nyc has a climate similar to northern japan (minus the earthquakes)
is watching bundesliga
wasn't convinced about the new v series  i'll give it another <propmale> next week
"enjoy reading papers, but hates writing them"
that message to everyone about the quiz was an accident    one of the reasons facebook annoys the hell out of me sometimes 
got carried away with the chin-ups during last nights work out   now i feel like i've been gored by bull
you call this mid-november????
"[rec], the creepiest movie i've seen in a while  that damn ending stayed in my head for hours; attics will always make me wonder     "
"kind of mind-boggled today    for reasons i don't know, my facebook <propfemale> came up in french!"
"worrying needlessly, about many things"
"this is not directed at anyone in particular, this is very general, but why can't pronouns be spelled out fully?"
"have this sudden burst of energy in the middle of the night   why, i don't know"
i can't e playful lain why my facebook login came up in turkish (??!!?)
"it's great i still remember how to assemble a tie, after not wearing one for three and a half years!"
"i will vaporize the next floridian, south californian, or any other visiting warm climate native that says \this snow is so pretty!\"""""
first boxing lesson went great!
"i love it when co-workers bring smelly food and assume just because it smells good to them, it must smell good to everyone "
i don't think people get my humor sometimes
i don't like tuesdays     i don't think it was an accident that it was named after the god of war
"sunday drivers are wonderful people  i want to pass them, stop my car in front of them, get out, and give them a big hug "
"colombia has sent their first winter olympian   forget about winning a medal, i'll be glad enough if her performance is even aired! lol!"
"done with those damn, dirty stereonets (mostly) "
i need to stop this going to bed at midnight during a work week
"i can't understand the obsession with not wanting to get sick   this isn't the year 1302, where people died of colds!"
"there's nothing like a jolt of ultra-strong, concentrated, tar-colored coffee after today's hike"
"i think the hike in the woods yesterday got to me    had a dream i was being chased by a bear, then shot him when he cornered me"
"don't ever screw with a thylacoleo carnifex, it will not go well "
this weekend would have been good for a couple of extra days of plane tabling 
"'deadliest warrior' really did it this time      tonights episode: colombian cartel versus somali pirates, lol!"
"a lesson we can learn from the french team: not only does cheating eventually lead to disaster, but even the mediocre guy can make you look like a fool when you fall "
"world cup quarterfinals today! \i just have some thoughts: a) no goal was stolen from you; if you're truly skilled, you can score enough to win b) players can use initiative and are not remote controlled robots, so don't blame the coach c) blaming the vuvuzelas is like saying the air conditioner was too noisy in my exam room"
i can't imagine how amsterdam must be like at this moment 
a big thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!!
"finally!!!! whether its spain or the netherlands, the next world cup champion will be a team that has never won before, rather than the same boring 'brazil-italy-germany, brazil-italy-germany, brazil-italy-germany    "
"sick right after vacation, nice   i'd like to thank \whateverthehelligot\"" for waiting until i got back home to kick in and not ruining things"""
"i've been lazy lately, haven't read anything in weeks!"
now an oil rig blew up in the gulf  nice going 
this chilly night is reminding me of yellowstone  smile 
ever accidently ate a food you can't stand? not fun  at all 
"can't believe i said \good morning\"" to the cashier at the supermarket --- at around 7 surprise 0 pm (?!?!?)"""
a co-worker just got back from eastern europe and is discussing his travels  i'm cringing at the questions that he's being asked by some some people who never stepped out of the country --- smfh
a little warning to all: my facebook chat isn't working well with the computer i'm on
you called that snow??
"had this headache suddenly appear, then remembered: i forgot my morning dose of cr--, i mean coffee "
"a warning to people: if i send anyone a private message inviting you to take an iq test, it's not me  i don't know what's going on at this point "
"can't really e playful lain why my 4-year old niece asks me \are you a vampire\""?"""
everyone: sorry about that crap i sent  ignore it 
is drinking straight vodka no ice that bad? i keep getting looks of horror from people
snowblindness is not cool; wear sunglasses!
"this might sound crazy to some, but it's great that the weather hit 40°f (4°c)      now i can finally open my windows!!!!"
"today's been one of those \i-just-wanna-fly-anywhere-out-of-here\"" type of days"""
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
never really e playful ected an earthquake to bring an inner energy rush
"now, after colorado's earthquake, and today's earthquake, we have to hear the \2012 crowd\"""""
