c992cbb76889e09043424bb76e7fbcd4
pictures are up of the wedding and party
"just got home from the zoo, rylie wont take a nap so i dont get to either  sad "
"watching <propmale> potter order of the phoenix, next one comes out wednesday  smile "
wow
i can still feel those crunches lol
my head is killing me  sad 
back to the doctors today
dinner was good and the company was awsome
another beautiful day
annoyed as crap right now! who has a2 by 4 i need it to hit someone over the head with maybe  it will help 
oh my
excited to watch movies and have pizza with an awsome guy  smile 
enjoying the day off with the little monster
when does practical thinking overrule your heart? i'm left to wonder which direction to go
well i just said something to my daughter i never thought i'd hear myself say     rylie go get your monkey a towel
what to do?
gonna go try to see g i  <propfirst> again tonight  smile  yay
dinner then skateboarding tonight with 2 of my favorite people  smile 
about ready for bed yay
dont feel like cleaning but its gotta get done before rylie gets home
i love how i feel after working out lol other than being tired that is lol
cleaning the house tonight blah
off to work at 7am then i get to work till 9pm also so i'm soooo excited  playful 
"started packing today, gotta go work out and get ready for work now"
my head hurts and the child won't listen i need a drink and sleep  playful 
making spagettii and garlic bread for dinner yummy  smile 
i hate looking for a job  playful 
is annoyed
well woke up with a migrain today so its gonna suck  sad  hopefully my phone will be fixed today (sorry mom for worrying you) and what room do i do now?
"well my simple telephone repair job, has become a fiasco lol he doesnt know whats wrong with the house lol said its showing 38 cable outlets (their is only 4) and that the phone is hooked up correctly yet still no dial tone lol oh and my cable in the living room is hooked up so bad lol i cant have my internet where it is and needs to be moved lol"
"tried sleeping, cant seem to  sad "
its a beautiful day i think we're going to head to the park  yay  smile 
rylie had so much fun at the park today it was awsome lol might go tomorrow also
if god can forgive you so can i so you are forgiven  however dont think that what you said is ok and i'm ok with it cause i'm not!! i dont feel a great need for you in my life and i'm sorry about that because you need help  however it seems i can not help you unless you try to help yourself first
"well my arms are fine no damage, other than they were used as a pin pad and shocked to hell lol at least they work properly"
getting frustrated
its a beautiful day today and i'm excited to share it with my bundle of joy (or pain in the butt she goes by both names lol)
"i'm not liking this new medication  its wonderful on my headaches and i love that, but its making my emotions go wako and my appitite is all over the place  grrr finally find something that works and yet screws up everything else  sad "
"really happy with the way the house is starting to look, cant wait to see the finished results (whenever that is)"
another beautiful day
not feelilng great today but overall it was a good day
"not feeling well today, want to go to bed"
feeling a little better today
so glad to be home and be with my little one
my hip hurts and i want to cry
not feeling well today  sad  but i did get a job  smile 
it's a bautiful morning would like to take the child and dog for a walk but the dog hurt my arm so she doesnt get to come and rylie is busy being tiger <propfemale> on the play set in the back yard
october always brings beautiful weather  smile 
"please pray for nic's brother, the police just called saying he was in an accident and is being taken to the hospital that is all i know right now, and the power of prayer can help "
"i'd appreciate that we keep nic's brother in our prayers, he has been admited to the hospital with head trauma, broken arm and leg"
still praying for nic's brother
not sure what do to? i cant get my mind clear   
"well my mind is clear, just need to strength to do what needs to be done"
my head hurts and i'm still in pain dont think i should take more meds just sick of the pain
"redoing my hair tonight, not sure how it will look in the morning lol excited to figure it out "
feeling better than yesterday which is good cause i have to head to work now
hopefully the chiropractor can fix my back and the pain will go away   
"prayer's always work, nic's brother is out of the hospital with only a broken arm  the first diagnosis was wrong there is no brain damage or paralization"
thank you all for your prayers
"back to the chiropractor today, and still in pain this sucks  sad "
well thanks mom and dad dinner was yummy
to the doctors then to work hopefully today will be a busy day
i love october!!
had a good day at work and happy to be spending the evenning with my little one
home at last  smile 
hope i'm not getting sick and this is just a liittle bug
excited to take my princess ballerina (she hasnt decided) trick or treating tonight
finally got the internet to work again yay
"just got back from the doctor, progress is being made on my back and its awsome  smile "
"not to happy, just found out that my pcd is no longer practicing as a pcd and after how many years i finally found one i like and a short while after he quites darn doctor!! now who do i go to?  sad "
"tired and have to be up early for work, annoyed with work today guess i'll talk to them tomorrow"
well i dont think my back got enough rest between working last night and today cause my leg is numb again and everything is swollen  sad 
"well rylie just told me she is tired and wants to go to bed, but i dont want her to yet its only 6pm but can't seem to keep her awake"
ready for bed to bad rylie isnt lol
"first stop tooday the chiropractor then the doctor, hopefully they can figure out what to do with my back "
i love rain
well the only good news from the doctor is i wont need seurgery bad news is i need a specialist to figure out what the options are for it   sad   this sucks
i dont understand how difficult could making a copy of test results could possibly be
"another sleepless night, i'm so tired and just want to sleep, but for some reason i cant"
"took rylie, amia and jayden to see planet 51 we all had fun!!  smile "
amused at how childish adults can be
didnt sleep again last night but i have a feeling its going to be a good day
hopefully i'll be able to sleep tonight 
i e playful lained to rylie last night that <propfemale> has a nice and a naughty list and childern on the naughty list dont get presents from <propfemale>  i didnt hear a peap out of her after bed time last night lol and this morning after everything she did she asked if she was still on the nice list  i love this nice and naughty list stuff lol
had a long day hopefully i can get some sleep tonight  have a feeling i'm going to have a long day again tomorrow 
"had a long night, rylie was in urgent care for an hour and a half getting treatments then to walgreens for a half hour getting her meds  she gets breathing treatments every 4 hours for the next 2 days and had early phnemonia so on antibiotics for that also poor thing  sad "
"please pray for <propfemale>'s daughter <propfemale>, she had an emergency c-section today  the baby is now ok, but they don't know yet if <propfemale> will live to see her new daughter "
"i need to clean the house its getting messy, and all i feel like doing is laying in bed"
well didnt get the house clean did get the laundry and dishes done and organized my closet  close enough for me  smile 
"can't sleep as usual, i'm in to much pain tonight everything i do hurts"
happy to be out of bed still dont feel like doing anything though
gotta love the look on a 3yr olds face seeing presents under the tree after <propfemale> drops them off  trying very hard at 6am pretending to still be asleep after we get up hearing her shaking presents lol
"finally made it out of bed just to get dressed for work, guess we'll see how long i last today "
made it threw work today woo hoo i'm exauhsted now time for bed
it hurts when i breath  sad 
"i am officially mrs  <propfirst> as off 10 smile 0am, bring on the party    smile "
cant sleep as usual
"seriously it has taken me an hour to get the closet organized blah, finally done though, now to finish the laundry"
"actually enjoyed dinner with my brother! i know right, miracles do happen "
lots to do on my list today dont really feel like doing any of it though  playful 
i decided after looking at salons today i'm redoing my hair  not gonna tell you how yet its a surprise  smile 
"should be reorganizing rylie's room, but dont really feel like it "
"e playful erimenting with my new crock pot, have to wait till dinner to see how it turns out"
dinner was awsome!! and the company couldnt have been better!!! love you mom & dad
"starting to feel really crappy again, fever is bac so is the not being able to keep anything down  sad "
ready for a fun day at the playground 
"enjoyed ayden's birthday party, ready for a nap now"
"about to cuddle up on the couch with my 2 favorite people and enjoy pizza, a drink and a movie perfect saturday night"
doctors appt  today hopefully they can figure stuff out 
have to wait at least 3 days to get the test results back  playful 
well i have most of the house organized and clean now off to take rylie to the doctor
"my back is killing right now, i'm so ready for a hot shower then bed"
"i'm frustrated with my phones they sat on the darn charger all night and this morning their saying their dead, grrr and i dont want them to wake up rylie sence she didnt sleep last night"
contemplating work
i feel blah today
i'm ready for a new day
i loved my dog riding a motorcycle because i'm not crazy!
"having fun with the girls, first amara and rylie did their makeup then dinner and now bubble bath, then toe nail painting and a movie and popcorn in bed whats better than this?"
"my husband is awsome, its a beautiful sunday afternoon without the little r monster and he cleaned the house and now doing yardwork while i sit with ice and heat on my back, i didnt even ask him to do any of it"
i love the rain
"excited for tonight another great night with family, having some pork chops, potatoes and corn, and playing together with the wii  i love these nights!"
"so, i either take my sleeping medication and am biting everyones head off and feeling angry, or i dont take it and am crying every time somebody talkes to me because i don't sleep? neither are working for me, just not sure what to do"
"so far a pretty productive day, i feel so much better than yesterday  smile "
"rylie has already named her sibling, and she has decided it will be a girl "
"i dont know what to do today, i did it all yesterday  hmmm"
"waiting for my hunny to get home so we all snuggle up on the coach, watch a movie and have some pizza"
"i'm tired, grumpy and dont feel good  sad "
"about to head out to church, there's an inch of ice on the truck  sad  and they say it doesnt get cold in arizona"
sick of my stomach hurting!!!!
on our way to the park
spine specialist today
my stomach is still hurting  sad 
"rylie did great at the dentist this morning, heading to the obgyn in a bit to check on the baby"
rylie's room is now organized and clean now to do the office baby's room shouldnt be to hard sence the baby doesnt have anything yet lol
"me and rylie aren't feeling to well today, guess we got whatever it is that is going around"
been a rather productive day  smile 
"not feeling great today, i hate being sick!!"
my computer is having issues today
i'm still craving a hamburger with swiss cheese and grilled pinnapple and a mango smoothie lol
excited about my interview today
"still not feeling well, but looking forward to dinner with the family tonight "
"rather productive today, cleaned most of the house and now resting"
"i feel horrible, the doctor better call me back soon!"
looking for a job again today
i found a job yesterday  smile  hopefully all goes well
excited for rylie's party today
"had fun yesterday at the party, the house is so quiet today rylie and daddy went fishing "
excited for my first day off online classes today and tomorrow the salon opens   smile 
well i have not gotten the house clean but i did get all my homework done 
"i'm bored, got all my school work done for the day and can't clean cause jd is sleeping"
guess i have no school work today thats good cause i'm getting dressed for work
"school and work today, not bad though doing school work at work lol"
three clients today woo hoo
"not feeling great today, glad i can lay in bed all day"
"feeling a little better today, somewhat able to eat food today  smile "
"once they love us, they never really leave us "
"been doing school work for the last 2 hours and finished only 1 class so far, i'll do the other class later "
"finished all my school work for yesterday and today, yay  work is slow today, which isn't to bad because i'm still exhausted!!"
"no hair appointments today, 3 tomorrow though  obgyn today, interested to see what she has to say  pcp tomorrow and lets see what she has to say lol"
5 clients today woo hoo
"not feeling well again today, wasn't able to get school work done this morning had to deal with cox, and now to get ready for work"
"had a great day today with friends and family  hopefully work will be steady tomorrow, and excited to attend <propfirst>'s birthday party "
ready to enjoy the next few days off with rylie 
attempting to rearrange the house
"we learned in church sunday that worry is a sin, and not to worry about what we can not change  however this may be the most difficult thing for me to ever do "
"another cold, wet day"
you and me could write a bad romance
"excited for tonight, dinner and a movie with friends family"
"mid terms this morning, then work, finish mid terms after work tonight "
glad the weather is finally warming up  hopefully if rylie is good we will go to the zoo today 
"ready for bed, felt like a very long day!"
another  beautiful warm day!
"it makes me want to cry, how a mother can treat her son this way! god will heal all things with time, and this we need to keep in mind, it is not easy when the devil uses family to temp your faith, but threw it all god will be there, that's what we need to keep in mind"
"i find it slightly amusing when a person is simply trying to better himself, and his own parents call it a \psychotic episode\"" kinda funny"""
"one class down for the day, one left to go but foot doctor first"
"yay, finished all my school work already this morning!"
i'm seriously gonna go off on my professor for loosing my midterm! he claims he never recieved it and will not adjust my grade for doing it and handing it in on time  i don't need this right now 
we found out today that we are having a boy  his name will be <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> and should be arriving september 28th 
people ammuse me!
"my mind is blank currently, ok well not blank a ton going on in there just unclear as to what it all is lol"
"well finals are next week, getting a little stressed out about it, but plan to start studying now!"
my head hurts today today  sad 
mmmmm strawberry shortcake for dessert
<propfirst> is sitting on mommies back nerves and won't get off 
"finished my assignments for the week, now to study for finals next week"
i'm tired
my allergies are kicking my butt! i feel horrible today 
"ok this is not allergies, whatever it is me and rylie are spending the day in bed feeling misserable "
what a beautiful day!
coloring my hair  smile 
"finished my two finals! anxiouse to get my grades monday, and start the new classes "
ready for bed
watching rylie try to surf on her step stool
started my new classes today!
enjoyed dinner with the family
such a beautiful day!
poor rylie is sick  sad 
feeling crappy today! i have 0 energy!
school work and doctors appt today  doesn't sound so fun 
"off to bed, finished one class for the week, one more to go"
"off to work today  did not sleep well last night, i don't think rylie did either "
my allergies are kickin my butt today!
"up with rylie half the night, she was coughing every two minutes and couldn't breath  i'm tired today "
"the floor is looking really nice, thank you baby for doing it "
thoughts are bouncing around in my head & i can't seem to stop them 
mmm pizza & strawberry shortcake
"addressing client postcards & cleaning the house today, oh fun "
my head hurts 
ultrasound this morning to check how big <propfirst> is 
what now
"off to bed, finally! hopefully i can get a good night sleep in!!!"
i did better on my midterm than i thought i was going to do 
"the things we do for ourselves die with us, but the things we do for others is immortal"
"nothing in this world is forever, not even your troubles"
woke up this morning and it was snowing outside  smile 
what a beautiful day
my head hurts
"had a nice vacation, glad to be home though"
"why is it my professors always loose or don't see my work?? well ha i have the proof i did it and turned it in on time! she better fix my grade, or else!!     smile "
it's only 8pm and i'm ready for bed lol
"my head is hurting, i can't sleep (again)"
had a long day
ready for what will hopefully be a busy day at work!
excited to go to work
<propfirst> has been beating the crap out of my orgins today!
almost done decorating keiths room  smile 
rather frustrated today!
"finished one final, one more to do tomorrow!"
not feeling well today  sad 
glad to be home with my family
my chest is still hurting  sad 
"i don't want to be on bed rest, yet i do not believe i currently have a choice  sad "
"i have felt like i've been having a heart attack all day, finally took the pain meds they allow me to take, hopefully it kicks in soon!"
"physical therapy this morning, hopefully it will help!"
tired and in pain today  sad 
"pain, pain go away, stop coming back each day!!"
exactly
let's see what the doctor has to say   
"almost done cleaning, but my left arm is numb again"
seriously i feel swollen lol
ready for a fun day  smile 
"my house is so quiet! jd is gone, & rylie is playing with her cousins  guess i'll get some school work done early "
"just finished breakfast & school work, back to bed to watch movies with the little one  smile "
"not feeling great, me & rylie are cuddling up in bed to watch a movie  smile "
"been a long day, i'm ready for bed lol how sad is that???"
"been such a great day, church, playing and family time  smile "
ready for little <propfirst> to be here already!!
doctors annoy me!
enjoying this weather
another doctor appointment today  playful 
finished my midterm woo hoo!
"dinner with the parents was great, thank you it was yummy!  smile "
"baby <propfirst> is 4pounds 14oz as of yesterday, oh and he's hairy like daddy! we could see his hair on the ultrasound "
"8 more weeks, still too long i think!"
still feels tired
about  7 more weeks left!!
"so, i have started dilating, doc says about 3 more weeks to go "
"this boy is a pain!! contractions like crazy if i stand or walk, once i sit down however, they stop, how annoying!"
"enjoyed the night of good food with good friends, but did not get enough sleep  playful "
"hopefully little <propfirst> come soon, so these contractions will stop!"
still waiting (impatiently)
"still in pain, we go to the obgyn tomorrow though "
"baby <propfirst> is good, basically they said it sucks to be me right now though lol"
"oh my gosh, get off my bladder!!"
just finished my final woo hoo!!! did good on it also (thankfully)
still waiting
"well the ob thinks there is a good <propmale> the little one will be joining us tonight, if not they will be inducing monday or tuesday next week "
"still no baby, the ocasional contractions but nothing steady still, induction is scheduled for the 23rd"
"<propfirst> <propfirst> smith was born 9 20 2010 8 6pounds 20inchs, couldn't be happier!"
glad to finally have my little boy in my arms (not my tummy) just wish i could get some sleep 
feeling a bit tired these days
remembering why i love monsters
"this has been the longest, hardest 24 hours ever!! still no word on what's going on, it's a waiting game right now and i've never been good at this game!!"
praying that <propfirst> will be released from the nicu tomorrow!!
"so tired, last week was the longest i've ever had!!"
"had a good week, looking forward to this week as well"
"poor baby boy, his tummy is not feeling well  hopefully the doc calls back today so we can figure out what is going on "
time to get life back in routine
already a day behind in class  sad 
"suffering is inevitable, misery is optional"
oh what a week
gonna be a fun weekend
ok so blue or pink??
loving the cool weather 
trying to give a 9 week old a breathing treatment sucks!!
i'm tired!! lol
glad to be home from the hospital finally! the doctors believe <propfirst> has a reflux issue which causes him pain and his whole body shakes and the reflux causes him to spit up  so it mimics the symptoms of seizures but they are not which is good!
"going to go see the light parade in down town phoenix, should be fun "
enjoying my day off with the family 
had a wonderful day! we dedicated <propfirst> this morning and it was beautiful 
enjoying the holidays with my family 
i love the wood floor my husband and dad finished putting in yesterday!! it's beautiful 
"love this weather, it is a little cold though, but hey it's not often we get this "
ok i'm cold!!
"what a crazy week this has been, i just keep reminding myself \the lord never gives you more than you can handle\"""""
well then
what a week this will be  
so sick of <propfirst>'s reflux! i just want to find something that helps him already!!!
"hair show on saturday, should be fun!"
"i can't believe they canceled the hair show, so not happy about that!!"
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!
poor <propfirst> is sick
whatever i did to my foot hurts
glad this week is iver!
lovin this weather
