329eea72acb8d2a73c3e02263bd7804f
"tis a new year! ok   less sugar for me, and    graduate to double black snowboarding, and    go to europe! there, my 2010 goals"
"i wish i lived closer to water, at least a little lake or something"
no sleep 'till brooklyn!!
i was all excited for t3 but it was soooo terrible!!!! <propmale> must be disappointed   
is finally going to take her <propfirst> skateboeard out! because im such a skateboarder its not even funny   
righty  with an r as in rong
looks like <propfemale> <propfemale> in humidity
is back! bummer    in nm   
oof!@*#$!
loves the movie <propfemale>!
"is a like      yees    <propfemale> like     uh oh, hot dog!"
just spent and hour scrubbing splattered paint off herself
is painting the town green
"is sore, twisted and burned from water skiing"
"please be a snow day, please be a snow day   "
saw a ghost!!!! i don't even believe in them! so maybe it was just a reflection on the black window    of a floating white man   
just remembered her camera is still in mirror lake in carlsbad caverns
"est-ce que tu <propfemale> citron? mais oui, je pense que je suis <propfemale> citron    awww maintenant pour <propfemale> chambre de pudding chaud"
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
just bought the sickest shoes ever!!!!!!!!!
es <propfemale> luchadora! ay ay ay!
epic luchadora fail more so
who's going to the concert tomorrow??!!
we won our first district game!! i couldn't play because i'm a cripp tho   
is paying money to get her guts and vocal chords blasted out and possibly shot up into space to orbit the earth forever on saturday
finally went on the slingshot!!!
is probably gonna be blond by next monday!
"wants to become a member of scientology like <propmale> cruise! because then every time i wash my hair, alien spirits will enter my soul    oooooo"
doesn't know what the 10th grade class color is  does anyone know?
is officially a hippie   rallying at 305 org! whoop whoop
has decided to try to make a career out of water skiing
is attempting a mohawk tomorrow!!
failed the mohawk   
go snow! go snow! go snow! go snow! my snowboard is unacceptably <propfirst>
everyone should come to recycle <propfemale> <propfemale>   at least for the fashion show  is anyone else doing that this year?
won 3rd place for recycled fashion show!!! much thanks to sienna  smile 
it's snowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ahh, finally a hw break   "
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow"
"had to walk up a 1 4 mile driveway with two bags full of groceries and a topless, spilling coffee    best tasting coffee ever  smile "
"has decided to teach herself how to play the guitar, thanks modest mouse"
"deck the haws wit bews of howy, fa ra ra ra raa, ra ra ra rah"
i thought i was looking forward to winter    its so cold!!!! i'll just hide indoors until summer
avatar is the best movie ever!!
tj maxx stole my cafe mocha  sad  hope the cleaning lady got a nice coffee break while i wallowed away my shopping
hey zeus!
is on pg  11 pasatiempo whoop whoop! but just a little bit  
wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna fanta fanta!!
go obama! great speech!
scuba diving with whale sharks?! sounds like an awesome way to spend the last day of my life before i pass out and get swallowed whole    but i think i'm alone on that one
let's see if i can teach myself how to play the guitar in one night
"hello ding <propfirst>, woof, bears"
"is soooo sore from snowboarding in pagosa   uuuuuuuu and so miserably allergic to   snow i guess, who knows"
is eating healthy portions
is in belize!  smile 
was born a poor black child
"\being a woman is no longer a pre-existing condition\"""""
i love your long shaddows and your gunpowder eyes
misses coca-colas from mexico
"has a carrr ! can't drive it quite yet, but its all mine  smile "
<propfemale>   maddy   may the best man win  
pledge allegiance to the sun
where our pans be at?
"'s my name, but you can call me pro-death  only becaue i hate babies  oh, and i hate puppies too"
is still confused by the guy in a rabbit costume   
"ice age heat wave, can't complain  the world's at large, why should i remain? walked on to another plan  gonna find another place, maybe one that i can stand  -modest mouse"
"i'm so hot, i can't even typpppkrfg;m w;hrt'eb m67"
"everyone should look up <propmale> benevento! yeah i'm advertising for him, but only because he's awesome"
is officially protesting starbuck's stupid language by ordering everything in    english!
"i hated the book so much, i didn't even bother starting it"
does anyone know a ringtone that teachers like to dance to?
damn broken faucet!!
i'm writing a pedophile opera    
thank you guys for all the 'happy birthday''s!! it helped  and was very happy  smile 
muse was awesome!!! and so was the last 10 seconds of sleepyhead
sold a painting! wonder if they would've bought it if they knew i did it
i like it on the leather couch 
wham! bam! my cat splash lies on my bed with his tongue puffed out by drinking all my whisky 
"\turn off fox\"" sticker officially stuck"""
what is tomorrow's school spirit day theme?
oh how i love claustrophobic hermit days  i think i might go crazy
"come on voters, don't make <propfemale> look like it's full of dumbasses, we can do it"
is a birther for the hawaiian statehood act
"dear lord, this thanksgiving i give thanks to the english teacher who gave us enough homework to occupy up our entire break with stressful homework  i'll get to family and food after i've finished writing my essay "
"realized that her dog is an icelandic sheepdog, and has successfully (and appropriately) renamed him dagbjart"
"i'm sixteen years old - i'm not a child anymore    \dad: don't you take that tone of voice with me young lady  as long as you live under my ocean, you'll obey my rules!"
i can see the faint beginnings of a nice goggle tan
"<propfemale> christmas! stop dreaming, it'll be a brown christmas"
i ate jesus    
"again! with he and his betraying, trickful, bastardly decisions!"
"i can't tell if i'm bipolar, have alzheimer's, am selfish, selfless, unprepared, or human"
yeshh i finally have texting!
yessss go backflip!
"the change of magnetism in the earth has realigned the stars in relation to the earth and i've gone from a libra, to virgo  wonder what my new personality will be like"
"who else has been practicing their russian dancing, advisory?"
"lactose beguiles plump, moist, succulent gents (with) milky dazzle  sentence using my continual list of least favorite words"
just drove 20 on the highway the whole way home   we'd better get a snowday tomorrow
"besides bashing my face and shoulder into a large rock, good day for boarding    you can tell by the bruises"
