d90467db0519f8ea1eae6fb23c24d80a
hope your new years <propfemale> is wonderful 
hey everyone i'm back
steeler nation!
anyone want to hill tonight?
lansing tomorrow
taking action is scary
lansing baby!
driving to pgh and dc tomorrow!
welcome to woodbridge
yard work till your brain e playful lodes 
almost died today   falling off ladders is a bad idea 
my picture is the happiest barn in the world!
god bless modern technology   phones and the internet are incredible 
battlestar galactaca is incroyable!
"well, life is just so darn busy these days   the mission left us with more time to write letters "
happy birthday to the ground!
"is wondering:  is cloud ten better than \cloud nine\""?  where does that e playful ression even come from   """
anyone else wonder why its called facebook? strange name if you ask me 
my brother in law got a droid   pretty sick 
"well, i messed that one up "
is grateful for the gift of jesus 
hoping that friends will never leave 
how long do i have to wait?
"question: are \lance\"" and \""vincent\"" good names for boys?"""
is trying to decide whether or not to build robots again this year  
all of this has happened before   but that doesn't mean it has to happen again 
"copy and paste ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? i pray for the cure of cancer  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour??"
love your life   some people won't have theirs tomorrow
so ppl obsess about facebook relationship status too much 
c s  <propfirst>
i have completed my two addictions   battlestar galactica?  watched it all   plants vs  zombies?  gold sunflower trophy   yeah now its time for sudoku and c s  <propfirst> full time 
"was sad when he found out that \low shoulder\"" isn't a real band  they sing this song called \""through the trees\""  on the soundtrack of the movie \""jennifer's body\"" and i found out that they aren't a real band    sad """
i am the captain of my soul 
happy p-day   thursday was the best pday 
"in the words of mad-eye moody, constant vigilance"
feels for the vikings   it was a good run boys 
"well, i guess today was a day   "
"coco's \most e playful ensive sketch\"" series is incredible """
comment if you watched the state of the union address 
seriously?
sunday?   cool 
anybody know any good tricks for gaining good weight?
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
sorry to flood everyone with social interview stuff   i thought i'd give it a try   pretty fun little app 
sicker than sick
any ideas for my celeb look alike?
"so i have decided that if i got no sleep ever i would look 100% like my profile picture, <propmale> braff"
and now the blizzard starts!!  weekend cooped inside 
this snow is incredible 
sick again   i swear my body is angry at me for trying to gain weight 
"profound thought:  never date <propfirst> swift, she'll just end up writing a mean song about you   and that song will have your name in it "
serious   nobody will ever remember the girl who plays <propfemale> in twilight   sucks to be her 
any advice to a nice bloke looking for a very ine playful ensive digital camera?
"if you could eat lunch with barack obama, what would you talk to him about?"
happy valentines day   especially to all my boys and girl from and in the mission of love 
i just taught myself how to change a windshield wiper transmission   i give myself 2 eprops 
what was the date of huron's graduation in 2006?
huron high school's arch is the best 
what would you do if you had to give up texting for a month?  what about giving up facebook for a month?
is feeling bummed that he wont be attending the transfer meeting tomorrow   we'll miss you ppmers 
is it ok if all i can do it make you laugh?
"that's what takes it over, cuz the sound's so big "
seems to me that most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
glasses bought   there we go 
tired 
"good weekend   signed, your affectionate uncle, screwtape "
light up the darkness 
relient k and c s  <propfirst> were two elements of my wonderful evening 
is ready to watch 830 and 469 dominate mi 
you're about to ride home with a panda you barely even know 
dude   anyone who wants to <propfemale> tomorrow any time let me know 
loves the life he lives 
its too late to apologize 
"the facebook fast starts in less than 12 hours   i'm going to go a week without it   so if you need to get in touch with me, email or text homies   peace!"
let the facebook fast begin 
"finished the fast   what does \montezuma's revenge\"" mean?"""
happy p-day!  long live the ppm 
"some people think that rappers are invincible   well, we're \vincible \"""""
i celebrate christ's victory over death 
doj at 6am means wake up at 430   i know you're jealous 
"i'll be honest, kemps is off the chain "
anyone else think that it would be cool to be a farm hand for a few months??
filing taxes was not as bad as i anticipated 
pixel junk monsters or savage <propfemale> hera?  any advice would be useful 
huge accident on old bridge  means traffic all over the place!!  ill be lucky if i make it to institute before it ends
"man, pixel junk monsters is very very difficult  worth it though "
"strangest problem ever with my computer   wireless internet wouldnt work even after rebooting   i turn off and on the wireless card?  nothing   so i take it over close to the router and begin to set up a wired connection and shortly after i plug in the ethernet port, my card also connects on the wireless network   computer, you make me wonder sometimes   "
pixel junk is my new favorite 
"dear boundries of the olean new york <propmale>, i miss you "
might not have a great day today   which is incredibly rare
the championship event of the first robotics competition runs today through saturday in atlanta <propfemale>   fear the rat!
won one lost one   on again in 12 matches
2 wins one loss   we beat the chosen one   lets keep it up rat pack
excited for a full friday
two friends training for half marathons makes me feel like a lazy bum so i ran 7 5 <propmale> on the treadmill today   bam 
4 wins one loss   on again in 8 matches 
glad to see 469 back in their game   830 shirt and 469 hoodie   go curie!
5-1   ranked 12th and on again in match 89 
6-1 and racked 8th after 7 matches 
"just witnessed robotics madness  1114 aids the red alliance of 469, 111, and 888 to score 32 raw points in one match  3 penalties assessed for inability to return the balls back to the field with enough speed to avoid dogma "
dear frc community  don't hate on 1114   you would have done the same thing  this is what makes them so good 
"dear 830 and 469 in atlanta, i am especially excited for you two to make great things happen today   i honestly feel that at least one of you could win the world championship today   both would be cool too  good luck!"
"and in a very intense match, 1114 takes the number one seed   dang kids "
"469, 1114, and 2041 are crowned curie division champs   grats"
branches > wards 
is there any video of the einstien matches up?
huh   apple lost a prototype iphone   and gizmodo found it   pretty interesting 
writing another note   should be fantastic 
pleasantly surprised 
"no, i dont know who you are "
"i'm sorry, i actually don't know who you are "
earth day means that google has a cool image on their home <propfemale>   that makes it almost as cool as april fools day 
scared that i'm being pranked with ex lax cookies 
remembers the real party for super bowl  where the steelers won again   sorry about your camera ruppaner 
getting tar on my flip flops made me realise that 5 year old flip flops might mean time to retire them   we'll see   p s  thank you federal and state government for returning the money you borrowed 
"dear mission scrapbook, i'm proud to say that i will finish you today   except for the slippery rock section   i'm just not ready to say goodbye to that yet   -the former elder <propmale>"
is oblivious 
tired   as  heck   killin bugs tomorrow 
is having a bonfire by himself   who knew that you could even do that?
happy cinco de mayo   i needed that dinner tonight   thanks to everyone for enduring the shenanigans of my little companions 
love you mom 
it's gonna be a long night     i'm ready!!!
"so the movie \jaws\""?  not what i e playful ected"""
happy almost hump day
"well, it's official   textsfromlastnight com is legitimately humorous  check it out"
"i had the best weekend  seriously, it was pretty much unbeatable"
congrats again to <propfemale> and <propfirst> gould !!
hey so skillet and creed   jiffy lube live  july 28   it's going down   anyone else want in??
"happy birthday to <propfirst> <propmale>  rest in peace, you old cowboy "
mulberries with mayberry  fun times  
baby watch is on   <propmale> should be here this weekend
dude this place smells like updog   
"my nephew was born in the wee hours o the morn   <propmale>,  welcome to this crazy world    i love being an uncle"
all work and no play makes <propfirst> a dull boy   lots of work and lots of play?  pretty much we'll see what happens
can anyone from the ppm snail mail or email me the moleni brothers cd??  i miss it 
some nostalgia    i was just thinking about eating pepperoni sandwiches in fredonia ny with my 100 hour companion   good times
89 to 176 million gallons   yeah       
toyota celica gt   i love them and it seems like the drivers are always the most legit ppl 
"a big thanks to <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and ryleigh for making our day with the dolphins the best of anyone there "
i love jozu
watermelon week 2010 is over!  i'm runnin like a machine 
packing?
"dear world,  we should bring back \pop-up video\"""""
huh    the door i just knocked on has a peephole   but theres no lens   so its literally a hole in the door 
holy crap someone bought a bunch of <propfemale> gi oh cards from me through ebay   impressive
is back in <propfemale> arbor   hit me up
first day of school in three years   wearing <propfirst> <propmale> blue for good luck
props to lady gaga   she stopped her concert mid song to break up a fight   that takes awesomeness
i hope i never forget 
"i, like <propfemale> white, am on the twitter   @pogotrickster"
today was an all right sunday
"i think i can get an a in calculus   its not going to be easy, but i'll do it"
prof  didnt show up for my english class  i can't decide whether i like or dislike this 
is loving that its apple cider season
is surprised that he actually cares enough to be working this far ahead on hw 
guesses its time accept that new birthdays wont bring added freedom anymore
so my mtc teacher lives in my <propmale> now      surprise!
wonders if sports night is on tonight
"two things  1  dear jolly rancher in the kohl's parking lot, i didn't mean to run you over   i didnt see you there   my bad   2   food for thought   it might happen  don't ask "
lets pretend  <propfirst> mathers never picked up a pen
i'm gonna say it   caprica is delicious 
"dude   this is boise state's year   i hate to wish losses on auburn and lsu, but i do   oklahoma too!"
"quote of the day: \ i dont want any friends i hate people"""
boise state broncos for top 2!
i really want a burger 
"you would think that espn would have figured out how to stream live audio in the rain pretty well by now   i mean, the video is flawless   the audio stinks though   strange"
calc test tomorrow   im gonna own it 
calc test went decent   only redeeming aspect of the day is no english 
attention math120 students:  why pay for a math tutor when i do it for free?  i can't decide if this is a cynical sentiment   
"just in case anyone forgot,  kanye west is an idiot    to the <propmale>"
i want a sheetz sub 
oh holy moly!  mcrib is back!  i might have to grab some this weekend
today is what you might call a perfect storm   its almost awe-inspiring how horribly things have gone 
the calender says wtf and then it will be saturday
has blood pressure 90 60 and supposedly a resting heart rate well below 60   strange   this seems to cause fainting when blood work is done 
craving bagel fragel
did you remember that today commemorates <propfemale> harbor?
united we hate finals!
watch out for a barbershop above a taco <propfemale>   modern day sweeney <propmale>
"volkner krause, i'm waiting      "
first day of class is a bad day to be sick
online classes are so deceptive 
so many word documents   
hey yinz guys!  stillers gonna win!
"freedom exists in the absence of restriction, not in the absence of consequences "
here we go steelers!  do i hear seven?
good game!
feelin bad for <propfirst> favre right now   i'm sure he'd just like to peacefully say goodbye to the game    
happy valentines afterparty!
"wow, byu ranked #3"
"seriously   i love eggs   delicious, nutritious, and economically intelligent "
"sad day, but the honor code is the honor code   sorry davies "
logo motion?  lame    2056 and 217? awesome sauce
