abd272dd21120a6fb5e25bab1d711ea7
is tired of messing around with this stupid house hunting bs
finally got a house an almost moved in!!!!!
does not want to go to tcc tomorrow              
is a wind on a deep lake
's gov calss is the most boring class he has ever taken in life       so far     
totally forgot to study for his gov class     but i've got a feeling i'll be ok     i hope
knows that <propfemale> sullivan has loco legs            don't ask
has found the beauty and evil of evony       
"i am going to make blue, all over your penguin         "
mmm hot chocolate      laugh 
is having a lot of trouble deciding weather it will be worth writing a term paper for gov class that is only worth half of what a test is worth      
has finished his term paper for history!!!!! muhahahahahah
"i now know the difference between jelly, jam, and preserves"
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!
just found out that <propmale> <propmale> and i share the same birthday
"my car hates me, and i hate it  i think things are going well "
"consecotaleophobia- the fear of\chopsticks      but i have a better one yet  laugh  barophobia-  the fear of gravity    oh yeah "
"there's nothing worse than getting a mosquito bite in ur bellybutton      not on, not around, in  inside mah bellahbuttahn!!!!! it's driving me insane!!!! just thought i would let everyone know  you know i vowed to never post unimportant messages on facebook but i think i just broke that vow  boredom and bellybutton itch are cruel mistresses    "
is very tired of the rest of his summer being planned out before him 
"age\ 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t \really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16:mom \doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know \about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what\    mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my    mom about \this  post this if you have, or had, the best mom in the world!"
"friendship is like a brick  you can build a house, or you can sink a body   "
"yesterday\ is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift  that's why they\ call it the present  - master uguay, \kung fu panda\"""""
"why dogs are better than cats: \: laugh ogs try to understand every word you say, cats take a nap \\::when you come home from work, the dog is pleased to see you  the cat is still cross with you for leaving in the first place \\: laugh ogs will come when you call them  cats will have someone take a message, and get back to you later \\: laugh ogs will wake you up if the house is on fire  cats will sneak quietly out the back door "
just realized how much of a nerd i really am  i'm watching a gaming tournament as if it were football      blizzcon 2010!!!!! loner all the way!!!!
"someday, we'll look back on this weird event, laugh nervously and change the\subject   "
"ah, women  they make the highs higher and the lows more frequent "
the problem with today is: they just won't let you load the boys (and girls) up in the boat and sail down the coast to burn someone's damn village down 
homework  sucks 
"fight child abuse!! replace your profile picture with a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? not to see a human face on fb till monday, december 6  take a stand in the fight against child abuse  copy and paste to your status and invite all your friends to do the same"
"public service announcement!!! capitalization is very important when constructing a sentence  the point is for clarity and understanding  so, in a nutshell: capitalization is the difference between helping your uncle <propfirst> off a horse, and helping your uncle <propfirst> off a horse       see the difference?  playful "
trans-siberian orchestra!!!!!
"a teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children, while you are watching television  in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time, and more often than not, investing their own money for    your child's literacy, prosperity, and future  re-post if you are a teacher, love a teacher, or appreciate a teacher "
"i have a cat that needs a home, she's a good cat, calico, she has mostly been an outside cat  she is 2-3 years old and needs a loving family  please call me or send me a message if you or someone you know would like a cat "
there is an ocean of difference between decisions made for the sake of rationality and decisions made out of fear for what may come after 
dutch is hard   
why is it a majority of european languages require some sort of rolling of the r's in a word? because i can't really roll my r's and i plan to learn that majority  i guess i'll just have to get creative 
"i still have a cat that needs a home  between 2-3 years old, she is a calico and needs a loving family  please comment or message me if you or someone you know would like a cat "
"well unfortunately i am still looking for a new owner for my cat, please, please, please, could someone take my poor cat? the previous possible owner is having some family issues and is unable to take the cat so, anyone? anyone at all?"
