017963d9020a4307070ec71482647283
daaammmm time went by too fast  next thing you'll know we'll be graduating
"i hate projects, especially doing them at the last minute  sad  sonofabitch"
is going shopping
im so confused  sad 
fuck!
 laugh 
i got my report card  i'm so happy i  smile  i got a descent gpa yaya
wow thats really depressing
ilml
doing homework
omg i have bieber fever ooooohhhhh <propfirst> i luv u
i luv driving
o m g 8===== laugh  lol
so throw your life out to me my life saver guess who has bieber fever  i do i luv ho's song overboard
today was awesome
fml
what happend to me? who am i? have i fogotten my mission?
uuuhhhhhh i hate when parents wake you up 
i hate furloughs
don't you hate it when you have a three day weekend and you still don't do your hw until the last minute and then on sunday you forget what your hw was and you don't even bother to attempt it until the teacher asks for that assignment the next day    lol
i  love  hw when it makes me frusturated becuase then i don't do it 
 smile   love 
the perfect night ever!
fml
life is great because i'm always surrounded by people who love me  aww ? smile 
gong to the beach! yay
aww school tomorrow noways!
hw hw hw    uhhh this sucks i have an exam tomorrow and i didn't even get the study guide    sh*t! well tomorrows the last day of school thank gosh 
yes no school for three days  ehh what am i gonna do?
bored  sad  i kinda wish their was school today    no every furlough fridays!
is reading a awesome book lol    i'm such a nerd
omg i'm almost finished!!! i feel so accomplished! yes
"i saw some old pics of me with my friends   dam i wish i was young again  time went by <propfemale> fast! huh, depressing! anyways when does school end?"
"whateverz, you had your <propmale> and you blew it  now leave me the **** alone"
i finished everything - accomplished -
<propmale>!! just 1 more year!
"i have no hw! yes, none! now, i can relax until graduation!"
congratulations! to all the seniors of the c o 2010!
is going to a party! shot shot shot shot shot!
it's 3:18 in the morning and theirs no one to talk too  sad 
is debating whether or not i should go to school or ditch school tomorrow? should i even go too school    mom what do you think? \if you want to go to oregon," you are going school tomorrow  can i go to the beach tomorrow and hang out w  my friends? \""no!\"" uhhhh fml\"017963d9020a4307070ec71482647283,<propmale> baby!
i like the fact that we have 67 days of no school but what the hell am i gonna do! it's so effing hot!
have you ever seen a 2 year old smoke before well now you do!!! laugh  you must see  its so sad the father is an asshole    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xepgc8whdxi
such a beautiful day!!! beach  laugh 
"but i can't libe like dis anymo <propmale>    you know that i iuv u boi, hotttt like mexico \ <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>   kiss me!!! instead of that cockeyed bitch!!! squirell"
•_• rawr    grrr why does that always happen!!! to me   
omgosh!!!!
who you calling a kudi <propfemale> you lint licker
i hate waking up so early  where's my mocha laté! uhhh this sucks i don't want to get out of bed! ;*(
i feel like crap    uhhhhh
i've never heard such a verbal foul language coming out of a 7 year olds mouth    daaammm parents you need to discipline this insolent fool   
"omg, buffalo solay, he was scratchin his okole, we went to lahaina dis chick was play witha vag*** ohyoyoy ohyoyoy oyioioiio- this is what my cuzin came up with     lmfao"
you are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me haapppyy when skys are grey you'd never noticed how much i love you so please don't take my sunshine away!!!
i heard the most amazing love song in the entire world it's so uuuhhhhhh awesome: the power of love by <propfemale> <propfirst> you need to hear it it's so fricken awesome lol
i drive the posted speed limit and cars in the back get mad at me and start honking l! what's their problem? dummm drivers wanna get killed for being impatient
is just waiting for something spectacular to happen 
hmm i guess things have change between us two
 laugh  taste the rainbow 
i hate waking up at 6 smile 0 in the morning!!! just 3 more days and then halleluyer
lol just watched madea goes to jail  i like it when she says halleluyeerr 
why do people go on americas got talent and do stupid stuff! they can't even bring it! next
i have a test tomorrow!!! i hope i pass my exam!
parents are party pooper  laugh 
you want the truth then here it is: everytime you start writing something in your status you revise and question yourself whether or not it is good or whether or not you should put it if you didn't your revising and erasing and erasing and then you give up    you my friend just wasted 5 minutes of your life  you've been a bad girl boy!!!  laugh  hell it happens too me so it must happen too you! lol
wow today's the day! i'm so nervous  laugh  i hope i pass and for a fact i know i will! wish me lucky facebook friends  love 
"don't want to miss a thing\\cause i miss you babe and i don't wanna miss a thang cause baby when i close my eyes   "
i totally hate driving with my dad! do you know why guys are more involved in car accidents    because their fathers tell them to drive faster  i was driving at the posted speed limit 20    dad literally threatened me to drive faster  guess how fast i was going on a narrow road with a lot of danger    40 mph god damn
wow! mostly all of my friends on facebook are depressed! don't get mad get glad  smile d
you don't know what you have until you lose it 
if everything happens for a reason why am i still here i'm better of dead
change is good & that's what i am going to accomplish starting now  laugh 
every bone in my body is aching! i'm so tired  laugh 
i watched eclipse and it was really good!!!  laugh 
holy crap i just realized that tomorrow is the 4th of <propfirst>
did you know that the : nuns : downtown said that today is the day the world i going to end  haha they are so wrong! i'll see you all tomorrow lol    happy 4th of july
i hate arguing over stupid things    it's just ridiculous!!!
"if i had to rate my life from a scale from 1-10 it would be 10!!! i love the memories i made, the actions i'd take; to make a beautiful present"
it's really fricken hotttt
i  love  digimon
the boo boo zoo
i hate being sick  sad 
: pretty little liars :
"who has classes with me\1  spanish 3a\2  american literature\3  human physiology\4  chemistry\5  math \6  part  in democracy\7  i don't have a # 7\advisory  smith <propfirst> - who's he?"
"i don't wanna grow up, i wanna get out, hey! take me away i wanna shout out take me away away away awaaaaaaaaaaaaaay aaaayyyy"
so long gaaaayy boys - hangover that chinese guy is so funny
why is he doing this to me?
marley coocoo
"pretty little liars is next, yay!!!  laugh "
night
wow summer passed by really fast!
my n' my sista get along like <propmale> and <propfirst>
"finally, gosh"
: pretty little liars :
chee  laugh 
life is beautiful 
omw i had a dream that i was a green power ranger  don't you hate it when you're about to kiss someone in your dream and someone barges in (your dream) and your like oooohhh never mine  lol
"wow my life <propfemale>ted from playing pokemon back in makawao elementary school, to the <propfemale> of the month through out 2nd - 5th grade  than it went to renaissance back in kalama and now high school  wow high school wasn't as good as the good old days but it opens up a brighter future "
"nooooo!!! school tomorrow, why?"
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
today was a good day!  laugh 
i was looking through all of my yearbooks from k-10 and it just amazes me how we grew up so fast! we all look so different now and i looked at all the people i know now but didn't know than and it's just one of those moments where you're like i wish i knew that person back than because they are awesome  i will never forget the memories
"i'm not ignoring you, i'm waiting to see if you'll make the effort for once "
beach  laugh  yay    beach xsunburnx beach  sad  *school tomorrow*
i need to move on already  it's not even worth it  smile 
i had an awesome night
so you think you can dance
somebody tell me whhhyyy
fml i have two tests tomorrow!!!
"i got some issues that nobody can see\and all of these emotions are pouring out of me\i'll bring them to the light for you \it's only right\this is, the soundtrack to my life, soundtrack to my life"
human phys is retarded! i hate that class theirs so much crap to study!!! uuuhhh
"i'm happy  laugh  really really, happy!!!!!!!!!!!! today was a great day!"
"damn modern cable  oceanic the internet, tv channels and home phone was down for like several pain staking hours!!!"
"i'll catch you when you fall, i p•r•o•m•i•s•e "
it's freezing
party time  time for me to mingle  lmao
i had the most perfect dream in the entire world! i can't wait to see what the future has to offer 
"you know what i hate, is when i get a notification saying that i have to unlock a secret message  dam those things!!!"
hotel+pool+room service+2 days= heaven
the stupid things we do when were bored  lmao
i'm so tired  i wanna go sleep!! yay tomorrows friday
awe  baby's are so cute!
"when life gives you pie, eat it! yum  smile "
"omw i swear that wishing <propfemale> i wished on, granted everyones wish, except mine   sad "
"i went to subway w  my freakishly awesome friend and this is what he said anonymous: i wanna oil your buns??? me: wth's wrong w  you (i am literally deaf)  anonymous: i said i want oil on the buns me: ohhhh wow, okay  subway girl: lmao"
"gosh i have 2 tests tomorrow  stupid human phys and mr ripani, well let's not go their "
i ate some really shitty food  the poi tasted like fish and opihi and it was watery  the chicken tasted like crap and the fish thing was mixed with cat food and tuna- grossssss
is so fricken tired and wishes he had a laptop!!!
well today was    awesome! i'm really tired 
"i'm going camping  you know what i love the most is going downtown at 4 or 5 in the morning and see the beautiful kahului city lights    and i really wanna go <propfemale> gazing, up haleakala"
"i'm so tired  i had a great 3 days of camping, fishing and havin' a blast  uuhh i gotta wash  i hope i didn't have any homework todo because that will suck  boogawoogawooga"
"i hate procrasinating, never again (stress)"
je ne sais quoi
it's cold and rainy and wet and yaaahhh 
what's on your mind- nothin  gosh i'm so bored  i want reccess pieces
i swear everytime i resort to facebook is when i don't feel like doing homework  stop! procrasinating    i don't feel like getting offf   aaaahhhh
"every person has 1000 wishes'  a cancer patient only has one wish', to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but, i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for-an hour,in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it"
tonight was the bomb  i really don't wanna go to school tomorrow
had a wonderful day 
ewwwww egg nog  who drinks that crap  no offense
"when i tell you \i love you\"" i mean it!"""
is really really really bored 
secrets  shhhhhh
stoked eh brah  what  no mo skool tomorrow
your crazy but hell that's what i like about you 
"going kihei tomorrow, so excited!!!"
i need to work harder and push myself to the limit!
the beach was awesome
it's time for change  smile 
"i'm going to bake for the first time, pumpkin pie; for the family (whom aren't here at the moment) i really hope this pie turns out good  smile  -i'm so worried & it better taste good!!!"
earthquake damn people write fast i was like i'm gonna write it on fb first and i saw all the post comments and i was like shit i aint the first 
"\happy thanksgiving everyone!!! i am thankful for my family and the moments i share with my family & friends  i am thankful to live in such a beautiful place called maui   \"""""
"i only have one reason why i don't like thanksgiving, i eat to dam* much!! i gettin huge"
"i am so happy!!!  laugh  \happy black friday lmao"
i hate procrastinating!!! it just leads to more crap to-do on sundays
cause baby i'm a firework!!!
did i not get the memo or something? why is everyones picture a cartoon from back in the days? wt*
i hope that my future long term wish comes true 
i had the time of my life
i am stuck like glue
today was a very busy day  now i am chillin' on my new couch in my room  lmao
"why do teachers cram tests, projects and crap on the last week of school  are they trying to kill us @_@"
winter break yayayayaayayayayayay it's almost here
nemo
today was awesome  dude! what? winter break is finally here!!! yizzerrrr
i wanna go to the movies
"hey you, yah, you  did you know that their are power puff \boys?\"" -cause i didn't"""
there are no good shows on
i want to watch tron: legacy so bad 8x
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everybody  and spread the christmas joy like butter on top a white whole grain bread 
today was really fun!!!
"okay, its like 1 smile 7 in the morning and that my friend was a very loud bolt of thunder  it reminds me of the guy from the <propfirst> <propfirst> commercial who goes \booooooooooooooom -yah he making lots of those  dam did you just here that  that was loud  i feel like the thunder will hit my house!!!"""
"when you need me but do not want me than i shall stay, when you want me but no longer need me than i shall leave  i hate goodbyes"
family guy  laugh 
"i want to do something fun, today  i need my license  stupid sdl"
it will be a bright future 
je peuane lec't ti se mentemesrës ne me ous?
i ain't the type of dude who would o o
thank you <propfemale> buwa
why do we have school tomorrow?
hey guys pretty little bitches is on 
today was awesome  laugh 
"just came back from downtown, & i can't believe there's school tomorrow  i totally forgot "
i say beauty is not only within but on the outside too 
i can't believe it's friday  i have so much homework
my room looks really manly  smile  *rainbows and pink unicorns    yah
"wtf is redonkulous i went shopping with a guy today, <propfirst>  and he was wearing a shirt that said \i  love  him\"" haha just for me lmao and he's straight and we were shopping and mostly everyone at kaahumanu thought we were going out hahaha  yizzer"""
did 80% of my homework 
uhhhhhhh human phys  is killing me 
"i remember when twilight the vampire movie came out and it was storming the next day and people used to say \edward guys are play baseball\"" i luv thunder"""
dam i am so happy the power went out after i took a shower  when the power went off i unlocked the bathroom door and ran into the pitch dark house  lmao
i absolutely need a break
is school cancelled or what
"c'mon <propmale> k call me and let me know that school has been cancelled  wth taking them so long  i don't want too see all my horrible teachers today except for 7th period, cuz 7th period is awesome"
when bonds break between two people it takes a lot of <propfemale> and love to repair  if you tell someone you love them you better mean it  if you love someone so much you'll do whatever it takes to get them back 
"i feel like i forgot to-do something, and i don't what it is?"
dam when i write on someones status i say it in my head and well i think that i'm actually writing it on the post and i miss like 20 words that grammatically e playful lain what i am trying to say estoy loco
it's snowing & it better be snowing when i go up there
im so happy  laugh  yum
what's on your mind?
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  you guys made my birthday really special  i luv u all  love  and i will comment on every1 who left me a post  thanks guys
yay smile  i'm so happy i got a laptop for my birthday woohoo   
dude! there's a youtube video of someone throwing a bottle at <propfirst> bieber on stage and it was hilarious 
"my mom thinks that i am \jag\"" because i had about 4 teaspoons of wine """
hmmm sometimes it sucks being different but hey i guess it's what make you who you are 
i'm happy  smile  i am glad to have friends that help me push for my goals <propfemale> j 
i don't want to gain something to lose something  uhhh too difficult to e playful lain
"just remember that everything happens for a reason  sometimes the things you want might not come true because in the end <propfemale> dosen't want you getting hurt again  the opportunities you do have are good and some are just crappy, and its those crappy moments you learn from so it dosen't happen again "
pokémon: zoroark: master of illusions
i want a baby  laugh  when i grow up of course  their so cute
like this status if your going to the <propmale> prom   party  laugh 
i had a lot of fun at prom  go jrs  nighty night
does anyone know how to block people from downloading your pictures? facebook is stu***
your f**kin' perfect to me!
happy valentines day everyone o_0
is trippin balls
"it's nice to see other people happy because it makes you happy but sometimes deep down it hurts at the same time, because you also want to be happy, too "
"dum facebook you had to make me write everything all over again because you weren't responding, ehh "
" laugh am, why you look at that it's 9:27pm"
i laugh  laugh  haha
"talkin' to buwa, <propfemale>, how do i link someone?"
"having too much notifications from shouei yamazato, <propfemale> buwa, and shanti-rae mahealani felicilda"
"dude, i love the prom photos  they're so nice and i had a blast  can't wait to see y'all to give you the photos \a night to remember\"""""
haha it's time for me to go to school lmao and hey it's 5:45am here
your my firework and always will be  forever in my heart
 love 
my dream was so f***ed up 
power ranger samurai  love 
"dude if someone was given an assignment to look up some random person on facebook and get all of their information including a picture and do some background information on them, without adding them, that's so f***ed up  everyone should block their profile because, you could be a victim "
today was great but i think i bombed my amendment test 
"- tyre was here, love you kanaloa  love "
"oh! written in the stars \a million <propmale> away a message to the main ooohhhh\ seasons come and go but i will never change and i'm on my way!!!"
i slept all day and now i cannot sleep 
"the people i meet are priceless, and, they mean a lot to me!!!"
"spring break needs to hurry because i am ready to partaayyy! and i have 10 notecards to finish, uuuuhhhhhhhh -mcb"
"it's raining, i like it "
bass down low
"ayottes test tomorrow, ahhhhh!!!"
"if you love me, comment on this status \if you think im a good friend, like this status \if you hate me, message me and tell me why \if you have a crush on me, poke me \   if you are not scared post this as your status  playful "
spring break!!!
bow chicka wow wow
"omg, i'm gonna be a senior  dude i remember my first day of school, (memory) [kindegarden, mrs  kims class - i was crying like a baby because my mommy left me ] lmao dude c o 2012 "
sirens will alarm at 9:59  i hope the people in japan are safe 
sirens!!!
i'm hungry  laugh 
went to the movies with @<propfirst> beach and watched beastly  it was a really good movie!
"some things that men really need to know about women is that there fragile, like glass, break them and they'll make sure that you get what you deserve  some things that women really needs to know about men is that there like a stone you can't break them but there most likely to break if you talk to other guys  p s women like sweet niggah talk, nah nah jk they think it's cute though lmao"
like this status and i'll write something random  a sentence  tomorrow because my batteries dying and im too lazy to get the cord
cause baby i was born this wayy 
"everyone wants to find mr  right, or a hot girl for the men but what we all don't realize is that the imperfection of someone disguises the real beauty they behold  what i'm trying to say is the one you love could be right in front of you the whole time "
made butter mochi  laugh 
"i hate 1 word messages, like this status if you agree   "
i love hawai'i!!!
"omg it's saint patricks day, holy shit ahhhhh i hate leprachauns, what are they again??? hahaha shit"
"who is procrasinating on ms mcbrides essay, like this!!!"
"fack!!! oml this is ridiculo, i'm goin insane"
"when i wake up tomorrow will you still be here, oh baby please dont gooo!!!! lets run away from these lights "
okay now it's time for revision
did anyone just see a purple flash outside or was that just me  weird
life    is good  laugh  keep my head up & i will always go far
don't try and change me  i'm normal 
had so much fun yesterday and today!!
omg i'm gonna be a senior  noooooooo!!! time went by too fast 
if you feelin down and depressed about yourself always remember that god makes no mistakes  laugh 
copy this as your status and see what people rate you! 1  violent 2  i'd marry you 3  sweet 4  hot 5  talkative 6  tall 7  cute 8  funny 9  fun 10  perfect 11  iloveyou! 12  i miss you  13  retarded 14  random 15  your the best  16  i'd date you  17  gorgeous 18  bestfriend  19  we need to <propfemale> out  20  you rock 
omg i cannot believe there is school tomorrow i hate having odd periods  grrr    i hope there isn't anything due tomorrow because i didn't do anything 
"i can't get the song firework by <propfemale> <propfirst> out of my head, it's just so darn good  laugh "
"saw 5 kids today at the library talking smack about a boy their age whose black and has dreadlocks  i felt bad for him but i than realize that he was far away from them, but it made me realize that one day maturity and reality will kick them in their ass bahahaha"
"e t  by <propfemale> <propfirst>, music video is really good  i like it, it may seem weird but it's really good  laugh "
ponyo!!!
cleaned my entire room! omg i am so sore  i really want to sleep but stupid homework why??? when is mrs  ayottes test?
omg that is so sad  frowny  i wish i was there for you when you needed someone to hold you close  omw    this is depressing
