dc3e865875a3d1f7124eafaa97c18886
"a government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have,gerald r  ford"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xj7vyfnlvjw&feature=channel
ahhhh finaly figured out how to hide all thoes stupid applactions on fb!!! yay!!!
to all who wished me happy birthday   thank you very much everyone!  i had a great weekend  spent a lot of time with my lovely girl friday and saturday   sunday i spent lots o time with my wonderful family  couldn't have asked for a better time! thanks again!
"\he who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors  \""     \",dc3e865875a3d1f7124eafaa97c18886,\facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our \dc3e865875a3d1f7124eafaa97c18886,"boy <propfemale> is one hurtin girly   banged up knee, bruised tummy, and if i got in touch with my doogie howser, i would say she at least has bruised ribs  though no signs of bruises on ribs area  \yes i know those last two sentences counterdict each other \"" she is in a lot of pain at times in  around her chest ribs """
"no more pain, no more leukemia  i love you "
dr office's are fun!
yay a night of dear <propfirst> and it's complicated  what is a guy to do? thank goodness i have a fun phone   lol
spring has sprung         in my ceilings   little birdies chirping  lol 
thanks everyone for coming over to my place! it was lots o fun!  laugh 
"i fart in your general direction, your mother was a hamster, and you're father smelt of eldenberrys!"
eye dr  fun times!  smile 
"so, me and <propfemale> are camping and we left to go to the store and when we got back some crows got into 2 bags of chips, a box of cookies, and a bag of hamburger"
"buns, stupid birds, stupid humans for leaving it out "
"goin shooting at renton fish and game tomorrow morning  gonna be fun! if someone wants to go with, let me know!"
seafair! yay!
in a porta potty at seafair was a black thong and a package of string cheese  are these two related?  lol
i have found my purpose in life  to kill spiders for girls  lol 5 in the last 4 days  lol
me=6 creepy crawlers =0
going through all my crap getting ready for a yard sale  i am so tired of my room  i might sleep on the couch cause my bed is full of crap  lol
yay! yard sale is going quite good!
parents say some odd things sometime! lol
it's always fun to be talking to someone for some time only to turn around and they are gone  lol
rain rain go away never come back is what i say 
is kinda sad   putting my trumpet up for sale  at garage sale part 2 
<propfemale> is mattnaping me and taking me somewhere secret   smile 
"mmmmm traffic, one hour from <propmale> to bellview ugh  lol another 20 <propmale> to go "
winco is fun!
ever wonder what time is best to go shopping at walmart?  5 smile 0 am just me and two other non employees lol
grrr grrr grrr!
"oh fun fun, going scouting for a hunting spot  this time just north east of home "
got my first ever hunting license and deer tag: d
"may all the hunters be safe and have fun, and should the <propmale> to take the great <propmale>, may they be accurate and may the animal pass swiftly and painless "
i hate phone books 
ticket dismissed!!!!  wooohoooo! officer screwed up 
rumble     rumble     blurp   blurp    blurp   rumble     rumble      my truck says it wants to come home tomorrow!  laugh 
"ya, that's right    i am making kaka      at 2 am lol"
i love her
"\your son rip is on line toot\"" lol"""
"going to church to learn about love and relationships, \fun!\"" lol"""
i am bored 
"never let mother's out of your site at stores  the minute you do she will be nowhere in sight  then once they appear, they say \i've been right right here!\"""""
really needs to be a cash cab seattle!
one movie down 4 to go  lol
must be senior citizen day at the edmonds theater  lol lots of gray hair and smell of grandma  lol 
seattle traffic always  seems to amaze me!
i want to say one more last thing i didn't mean to take up all your sweet time i'll give it right back to ya one of these days
sunday march 27th a day that i become a new man  book of <propfirst> 1 smile 3 it will truly be a epic day 
every day is a glorious day with god's hand beside you  time for me to rest so that tomorrow i will be fully ready to have god's work through me 
