edb85133c753302683911c5a0faacf4f
wishes keyboarding came a little easier   
is amazed by nature once again!
"hates having to go to bed before midnight    it never happens and then he is tired in the morning, boo!"
filling out forms for back to school then going to workout 
really wishes the school he was going to was more competent that he was  lets just pray for good grades this semester 
eureka season one episode eight  i think it's the first time i've cried during a television show 
going to the 2010 british television advertising awards at the <propmale> <propmale> center with <propmale> and <propfemale>! yay times 
can't wait for the weekend   
woke up and can't go back to sleep  boo!
has a swollen knee  this is making the day much harder 
taking a bath  maybe that will help?
"loves the hospital  can't wait to come back  only two more days at most, then four weeks recovery time yay!!!!"
can't wait to get his makeshift cast off today and actually use his leg for more than laying is a sweat soaked pool of soggy sheets for four days 
wants to go out and run  damnit i hate being confined to the house  :[
wishes him and his bf would just get along all the time 
doesn't feel like getting ready for work even though he totally should  time to shave though   and shower   possibly brush my teeths 
off to work  peace 
love me some bingo and muffaletta   
"is going to the game on saturday, so excited!"
loves his new netflix instant play  now i will never leave my house 
wishes that all education systems be required to teach sustainability and renewable resource practices as a part of their curriculum 
just made waffle pancakes and is playing his game 
learning how to live life on my own  a hard feit but i know i can do it   smile 
can't afford another hospital stay so refuses to go 
is frustrated with fairview for making me jump through hoops just to get a hold of my surgeon  wtf?!
going to work then urgent care  they'll probably send me to the er again but oh well i needs my antibiotics 
finished at urgent care  going to walgreens to pick up my prescription and get all better  should know in a couple of days the results of my culture 
results are back  it's mrsa! yay! the bactrum should do the trick  good thing i see my doctor thursday 
good night <propfemale> 
went long boarding for the first time today and totally tore my arm up  thanks for the lessons <propmale>  let do it again soon 
so not only did i eat pavement today at lake of the isles i went to gay roller night and tore off the scab on my knee  yay  i think i'll take a break from wheels 
can't believe he is working after last night 
j j  blt w  cucumber and hot peppers  my tummy is satisfied 
wants to play with legos and build hinsef a house like <propfirst> may   smile 
ffxiii here i come  until i pass out 
the last airbender sucked  don't even think about wasting your money 
is not too happy about being up so early but just got woken up by the new hp trailer  omfg!!
today officially sucks  i want to go home and take a mother fucking bath  arg!
eatin' steak and potatoes  yum 
has been really lazy today 
warehouse 13 season 2 premier  freaking awesome! i cannot miss next week or i may just die  no joke 
is exhausted but drank too much coffee today to actually sleep like he wants to  who can help?
thinks work is boring today  hit me up please!?
my burger for lunch  possibly a bad idea before working out  who wants to take a nap by the lake?
off to the gym  wish me luck 
playing ff9 before work  gotta be a nerd at some point today 
is dog sitting at the house this weekend  would love to <propfemale> out with anyone who wants to  just text or call me!
is heading to the gym  text me 
ois off to target boutique for some groceries and a few staple items  be back soon 
wonders if he will get stuck in the rain when he finally heads off to the gym  better be prepared 
eating the best prepackaged indian inspired meal ever  and it's only got three preservatives for the entire package!
is about to clean the house  hopefully it doesn't take too long 
hopes he can get another accupuncture appointment in on saturday 
is going to skip his nap and afternoon workout to call the twelve hospitals he owes money to and workout a payment plan so he doesn't go to collections again! yay for finally getting the bigger picture  i feel all growed up   smile 
"i believe-\that sometimes when i’m angry i have the right to be angry but that doesn’t give me the right to be cruel "
finances are frustrating  hope this week will show more progress   annoyed 
"i believe-\that just because someone doesn’t love you the way you want them to doesn’t mean they don’t love you with all they have "
got phished on facebook! sorry if any of you got emails from me that were not me   sad 
"is a lotta bit over this whole target bullshit  look at the bigger picture please  besides do you really think <propmale> emmer will win with an extra $150,000 when the dfl has over $1 million towards their campaign? i pity the fool who decided to support someone who will lost likely not win  i say if he wins then we boycott the target corporation "
"bitches, i'm back "
avatar  10  need i say more?
top gear and cleaning house  what fun 
glee  i hate thee right now  on to sgu and i'm afraid i forgot to lock the door at work  i may be going for a drive here soon?
"calhoun harriet, 6 88 mi  chop chop  shower  yoga, 45 <propfemale>  bed  tonight was a good night "
short one today 
thought it was a blister at first but no  <propfirst> is jamming his toe nail into his toe every time he runs and it's starting to hurt!
hanging out with mom today  bike ride and lunch earlier this afternoon now off to fix an old lady's door handle and walk in the new xcel energy park by the river 
are you worth it???
is really tired but just had such a crazy and freaky-shit nightmare and isn't sure if going back to sleep is a good thing 
seriously  i feel like i'm being watched by something evil and it's going to kill me in my dreams  i'm terrified and really tired 
steak and spinach salad with sweet potato mash 
twix  i want you 
glee  not that exciting but had a good ending 
is pretty sure he will be dead tomorrow  he's not sure how far he ran but knows it was at least 13 <propmale> 
hates that he doesn't have a computer now that his ipod is failing him   sad 
thinks asian <propmale> may have been a bad idea for lunch  was so good but now i need a nap  there goes productivity for the rest of the day 
run time 
is happy for the last few months and thinks he has made some progress but while running realized he needs the help of professionals to get over some things 
is really pissed off 
would rather watch mythbusters than go into work to so prep 
"you never did anything good for me, really all you seemed to do is make me feel like shit  so why i still holding on?"
has decided that because <propfemale>ryone is doing it this year he will be a rather kick-ass na'vi next year for all hallows <propfemale>  get ready 
doesn't understand how smokers can come into the gym to workout 
is pretty sure he'll be drunk all weekend  no joke 
<propfemale> blood  food  and relaxation 
thinks absinthe is the most amazingly dangerous thing ever invented  i want more 
wants to understand it better   love 
wants cake and to eat it too  oh wait doing that   smile 
why did such an amazing amine series have to come to an incomplete end  is sad now  sad 
i voted but am apparently not cool enough to have a vote button like 99 9% of the facebook population 
running for the first time in two weeks  omg shoot me 
is pretty sure he's moving to europe by the time he is thirty  don't quote me on that but i see bad things happening in our county's near future 
enjoying the company of a green <propfemale> before succumbing to the green leaf   laugh 
is baking a 7 pound spiral cut ham and making mashed potatoes with gravy and asparagus with lemon hollandaise for dinner tonight  i am going to love left overs this week    wink 
this bitch is <propmale> over  now i'm making eggs 
"making a ham stock from the bone of the ham i made yesterday  what kind of soup should i make? god i love winter, though if i don't start running again i'm gonna get fat, like the ham i made "
i know i shouyldnt complain about my job cuz it pays well and i do nothing while i am there but i'm soooooooo efing bored!!!!!
cheese+apple=best invention ever known to man kind  no exceptions 
another day at professional towel folding 
nothing is on my mind 
god i f*cking hate mrsa  thank god for the heat pad mom got me and the percocet the doctor prescribed  hope your weekends are going better than mine 
the whole time i was there i was thinking of you   
has decided that tomorrow will officially suck  where the eff are you when i need you?!
slept literally all day yesterday yet still managed to get in two naps at work  wtf body?
is happy glee has been really amazing the last three episodes  way to pick it up glee writers!
phone is shut off until t-mobile receives my <propmale> pay  don't try to call or text i won't get it 
thinking its time to eat today 
the <propfemale> tate show    enough said 
phone is back on   
i'm burning bills and wood at my house at 8 surprise 0 tonight for any one who wants to come  text me to rsvp or if you got an invite just say yes  bring any papers you wanna burn too  toodles y'all 
"going to see monsters at the lagoon with <propmale>, don't know why im doing this, i'm already scared enough of my basement as it is   "
is nervous for tomorrow   annoyed 
isn't nervous anymore  gotta love the snow 
yay  internet is back up just in time to go sleepy time 
would like to go to the 2010 british television advertising awards at the <propmale> <propmale> center sometime before january 2nd  who wants to join me?
is making cookies with mom tonight  those of you who work with me can have one  i get the rest   smile 
really really hate the marketing team for caribou right now  please people if you are using the $2 drink coupon today be sure to tip and thank your barista today  this promotion was sprung on us this morning at 8:40a  thanks guys 
phone service suspended again  gonna call again this afternoon to work out a plan with tmobile  i'll keep y'all updated 
ok phone should be back online this afternoon  i just hope my budget didn't get fucked up again 
"true happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future        -seneca"
i can hear the mice scurrying through the walls while i sit on the pot 
omg!
hates being sick but really hates missing work because he randomly wakes up with a 101 degree temperature  wtfb
so monday i got on the bus and it smelled like a skunk  then i realized the smell of skunk was just someones really potent weed  i smiled 
"we can go through our whole lives worrying about our future happiness, and totally miss where true peace lives--right here, right now \                                                            - <propfirst> <propmale>"
who is excited for tomorrow?!
just had the best end of my shift ever  ever  ever!!!!!
still hasn't happened   sad 
when will you know me?
two hours and twelve minutes to go  shopping at target for lunch supplies  bake chocolate chip cookies  clean  who wants cookies?
"oh, it still hasn't happened  this weekend is not going as i had planned, still a good one though "
tonight is the perfect night to cuddle up with a special someone and watch a movie  50% of the way there 
may have just baked the best chocolate chip cookies ever  possibly 
time for a cookie breakfast
listening to bbc radio 1 and not heading out for work just yet 
is not looking forward to tomorrow   
soy caramel latte or black thai hot chocolate? tough decisions today 
"finger is a mess  god damn infections, stop it! i can't afford you anymore!"
thank god for noon o'clock today  now lets see how long i am going to have to wait until my finger stops throbbing 
wondering why it's nearly as cold inside as it is outside  wtf 
in near bliss  let you know when i get to total bliss 
what a fabulous day  lets hope tomorrow does the same   smile 
super excited for tomorrow  another 7 smile 0-10 surprise 0 
would like to sukka-punch about twelve people right now  don't be one of them 
"has been kind of a bitch to member today  not sorry nor do i feel bad  most hated question of the night: \can i get my i  d ?\"""""
a little devil may cry therapy before bed should do the trick 
just sitting down to eat  what a long fucking day  i already miss you 
it's official  i am in love    with cheese 
"dinner tonight: <propmale> steaks rubbed with sea salt, white pepper and ground clove pan fried in <propfemale> oil tossed with baby spinach, chopped <propfemale> apple, bacon pieces, and <propfemale> oil balsamic vinaigrette topped with natural raw almonds and walnuts  yum "
starving  should probably eat before going to the gym 
collapse  a documentary everyone should watch 
late for his friends b-day party and lost her number some months back  pissed 
the shout house was amazing  thanks <propfemale>!
"had fun going to church today then breakfast  thanks mckenna, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and her friend  off to work "
was able to change my primate language to english (pirate) and now when i check into real facebook i'm always gone have fun 
pickles!!!!
extreme engineering: widening the panama canal  enough said 
"had dreams of egypt, hindu temples, tibetan monasteries, <propfemale> spears and boston baked beans  yeah "
"four days down, twenty-eight to go "
train wreck 
i don't understand and that's ok 
just got free cheez-its  now i just have to wait four weeks to eat them    lmao!!
fried cheeeeeeeeese!
<propmale> of persia or gta <propfemale> city? i need opinions people 
went on a <propfemale> kick sorry guys 
the best part about today = asian <propmale>!
"oh asian <propmale>, how your spicy green beans flood my nostrils and make me choke, how your sesame chicken envelops my tongue in sweet savory earthiness and your <propfirst> fried rice implodes my insides  you taste so good!!"
minnehaha falls tomorrow evening  who wants to frolic in the snow with me?
sex and the city 2  confusing but the time spent with <propmale> and <propfemale> was well worth the agonizing two and a half hours  thanks you two!
<propfemale> trek  love 
i miss the firm   sad 
"ok a few hours of pop then off to frolicking  the looper is tonight too, so exciting!!"
"snicker-doodle, ginger-snap, sugar, shortbread, peanut butter, pumpkin, and oatmeal chocolate chip "
damn fortune cookies why you always gotta state the obvious  i know tend to spark the flame of enthusiasm in peeps you don't need to tell me that 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i swear room&board and ikea have the same furniture designers 
"happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have \-unknown"
would like to go see i am number four  who wants to take me?
the northwoods  only reason i wish i had a car  who wants to go camping cabining this summer?
"where there is love there is life \-gandhi"
looking at majors and minors at the u  still not sure what route to take   annoyed 
holy fuck balls <propfemale>  thank god for my knee highs or i'd be waddling on ice trunks 
"chocolate pudding + carrots = decent  \chocolate pudding + cheddar cheez-its  = not so good "
"be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still  \- chinese proverb"
"pop, <propmale> and cheese, vitamin water  i will beat this game tonight dammit!!"
pop is much harder when your controller is a piece of shit 
not enough 
so many good looking movies coming out in the next few months  here's to hoping i get to see at least one   laugh 
"dark hot chocolate poured over whipped cream, caramel, cinnamon and a dash of nutmeg  yum! though i often wonder why i'm not fat yet "
what's a good spring time cookie to make? i need some input for my cookie-a-thon next month 
<propfemale> made my body hurt today  tomorrow is going to suck so i'm treating myself to pizza and vodka 
i don't understand and this time it's not ok 
i am officially declaring it random post day 
this weeks glee is pretty much ridiculous 
gleeked out for the night  now on to some gta <propfemale> city maybe some cleaning then bed!
has had to pee since 4:20    just leaving the store  gonna go wine shopping and clean to get ready for tomorrow!!! im so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
why is top gear soooo amazing?!?
ülker bitter  dark chocolate with pistachios  if someone buys me a case of these for <propfirst>'s day or my birthday i will  love  that person for the next year  you can probably find them at <propmale>'s imports on aldrich and lake   wink 
"what a night! beautifully clear skies, gorgeous <propfemale> and a fabulous time with friends  just finishing a bottle of wine to some top gear then passing out  a warm thank you to everyone that showed, and to those that decided not to come, <propfirst> your calendars for my birthday "
what a gorgeous day! everybody get out there for a little bit today and enjoy it!
"today's itinerary: work, workout, <propfemale>'s turning old with my brother party, i believe i have a date with a man named <propmale> and then bed  am i crazy or what?! hope y'all are having fantastic days!!!  laugh "
so glad i'm not watching the grammy's  wtf is up with all the wtfs?
"suck it world and your damn commercial holiday!! on a lighter note, happy birthday <propfemale> moyle! hope every one has a freakin' awesome day   wink "
"fuck you bogo, fuck you!  indecision "
b o r e d  entertain me 
had an awesomely amazing end to my shift  i really enjoyed that mister 
would love a rocking chair  not one of those chairs suspended on swinging hinges but and actual proper rocking chair 
"proud of my workout today  tomorrow i'll be sore for sure though  now, lunch, laundry, yoga  all before eleven   laugh "
"ok folks, dumb ass here left his phone at home  try getting a hold of me and see what happens   wink "
carrots 
"the green tinkerbell  sucker <propfemale> gave me for <propfirst>'s tastes like red bull  apparently fairies taste like red bull, who'd-a thunk?  laugh "
this weeks glee was pretty much entertaining  started rough but got better in the end 
bed time over due  night y'all 
bus is late  on the upside what a gorgeous morning! hope there are many more like this   laugh 
"lightheaded and dizzy, wait those are the same thing  i'm still running today "
waiting on laundry    sleeeeeeeeeeeeep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just over eight and i'm still freaking tired   annoyed 
love making my own lunches   laugh 
"so, who would like to come and steal my apple from me? i couldn't possibly fit anything else in my body "
thanks for dinner mister and the left overs  i had fun   laugh 
"now, gta  1 smile 0, acupuncture  gym, target then maybe a movie somewhere  hope you all are having a splendid day!"
"twix, you are my favorite "
"watching extreme engineering, moms party is in full force already and my room turned into a sauna while i was at the gym  it's going to be a long night   smile "
how is everyones night going?
"peeps i need your help! where is a good place to go dancing friday nights other than the saloon or the 90s? i need amazing music, a fun crowd and strong drinks for cheap!"
cinnamon life before church 
i hate filing taxes  why can't anything be simple these days?
guess what!?!?!??
who wants to cuddle up and watch a movie? then again it's pure shit outside so every one travel safely in the next 24-72 hours 
dinner tonight was amazing! thanks <propfirst>  wish i had more   annoyed 
can't sleep  hate this feeling   annoyed  someone tuck me in and sing a lullaby 
would rather not work today 
what a waste of an alarm today  grr   annoyed 
"last night's dinner, this afternoon's lunch   wink "
the snow is so pretty i could take a nap and when i wake up it should all be gone   smile 
a massage would feel exquisitely pleasurable right about now     annoyed \
i was gonna say something clever here but i forgot   
good night every body  have a safe and happy weekend  see you next thursday!!  laugh 
<propfemale> is a virtue  staying sane while doing so is the ever so hard part   indecision 
the best $106 i've spent thus far 
would like to go skiing again tomorrow  it's a much better workout than what i have been doing  who would like to join me?
"sprawling from grace  check it out, it was pretty good   smile "
gonna be up a bit longer 
omg my brain hurts   zzzzzzzzz
drawing time 
"drinks with <propfemale> in uptown  those who wish to join, you gots the digits now use 'em "
had an amazingly fun time with <propfemale> zmuda tonight  hopefully next time we can invite more people 
good night world  good luck in the coming hours  i love you all and appreciate everything each of you shares with me   laugh 
likes seeing a comma in his bank statement  too bad that will disappear by next week   indecision 
just downed five kisses in like 45 seconds  not sure if thats a problem or not 
the bus driver tonight was very good eye <propfemale>  wouldn't mind riding his bus again  though i'm pretty sure he maneuvered around a car going 40 and nearly rolled the bus fourteen times 
back at it today  let's see if six days off left me forgetting how to do anything   smile 
has had the most interesting day today  would like to share with all of you but then my post would take up the entire news feed <propfemale>  text me if you really need to know  happy thursday!
"i can't sleep, damn food, and i have \setting fire to the rain\"" perpetually playing in my head  grr  tomorrow is going to suck   annoyed """
gonna hate myself in the morning but reconnecting with my best gay friend ever was well worth the two hours of lost sleep  thanks <propmale> for funding me again!!  love 
good morning!! have a freakin' awesome day e'ry body! i  love  you all 
"nano workout  out with madelon wills and her friends, hb  home  sleep "
"all dolled up, now just waiting for the green light "
off to see the wizard  probably should have eaten something  oh well   smile 
pretty sure i should be living in the dark ages with how often electronics work around me     indecision 
my brain hurts!!! trying to understand sports through words is hard! i don't recommend it  x|
frustrated that southdale urgent care doesn't post hours on it's website  grr 
"food, kitchen, bathroom, more basketball studying  i can't go to the game without at least knowing wtf is going on   smile "
truth: the kitchen smells of baking bread yet there is not a loaf in sight   hmm 
"who'da thunk there were so many versions of basketball  examples: unicycle basketball, maxi basketball, midget basketball, rezball, beach basketball, and deaf basketball   indecision "
"good night my children, see you all in the morning!"
good morning e'rybody!! hope this day finds you well 
"there are a half dozen guys in the lounge talking about basketball  even after all the \studying\"" i did yesterday i have no clue what they are saying """
guess what?
so uncomfortable right now 
"work until 11 smile 0, trip two to triage, hopefully to the twolves game tonight "
"six hours in the er  twelve hours without food  just ate one of those mini chef boyardee things and i'm full  oh btw all, i got my cheez-its!!!!"
favorite show: top gear  no doubt 
"ok heat packs all done, brace on, good night "
just form already 
"what a gorgeous night  if tiredness wasn't present, a walk around the lake would be grand   laugh "
bandaged and brushed  night 
ten minutes in and you just had to start throbbing  <propfirst> ass 
today is the day 
"heading home  skipping the er cuz i'm healing so nicely  yeah it mostly surfaced  pushed a bunch out, a heat pack and water will help get the rest  go me!"
