9e422f1bd568936fded5a10b51476467
"superdooper excited to go to the extreme conference,and so ready to come back a totaly changed person wink !!!"
"happy new year  laugh  i love you guys, god loves you guys now lets change lives this year!  love   laugh "
the best way to get back up is to get down on your knees       
"*screams*omb, go eat some snow wink !!!!"
swirling shades of blue slow dancing in your sky the sun kisses the earth and i hush my urge to cry 'cause i hear the whispered words in your masterpiece beautiful you speak the unspeakable through i love you too i wanna be there for you and be someone you can come to i wanna be there for you and be someone you can come to the love runs deeper than my bones i wanna be there for you  ~flyleaf
"\friendship is love without his wings \"" <propmale>"""
"\i believe in the sun even when it's not shining  i believe in love even when i don't feel it  and i believe in god even when he is silent\""   love ~ barlow girl"""
dance with god    he'll let the perfect man cut in  smile 
"\blossom your life as if you were a beautiful flower  love \"" ~kala"""
you gota face the clouds to find the silver lining    
"fill my dark skies, make me see the light  life is fine, soooooo bring the sunshine  laugh  oh my lovely shining for me, let my eyes see all the beauty  love  let in the sunshine  laugh "
"omg, jst went through 3 prom dresses  surprise  lol final got one that well \covers\"" everywhere  wink  lol sooooooo happy  smile  lol"""
baby loves to dance in the dark    you'll never fall apart! you're always in our hearts  love  never let you fall apart     together we'll dance in the dark      love 
"been through the fire and the rain, bound every kind of way  but god has broken every chain, so let me go right now! take the shackles off my feet so i can dance  i just wanna praise you, just wanna praise you! you broke the chains, now i can lift my hands! and i'm going to praise you, just going to praise you  love "
she needs more than a hug on a holiday  she needs more than a smile on sunday  she's not looking for you to fix whats wrong  she rly want to knw she belongs  she needs more than a love song  love 
keep your feet on the ground when your head's in the clouds  love 
"so what if it hurts me? so what if i break down? so what if this world throws me off the edge, my feet run out of ground? i gota find my place, i wanna hear my sound  don't care about all the pain in front of me  i just wanna be happy  just going to be happy  love "
"you can love someone with all your heart, for all the right reasons and in a moment they can choose to walk away, love em anyway  love  god is great, but sometimes life is'nt great and when i pray it doesn't always turn out the way i think it should, but i do it anyway  you can pour your soul out singin a song you belive in, that tommorow they'll forget you ever sang, sing it anyway  i sing   i dream   i love   anyway  love "
"release your inhibitions  feel the rain on your skin, no one else can feel it for you  only you can let it in  no one else can speak the words on your lips  drench your self in words unspoken  live your life with arms wide open  today is where your book begins, the rest is still unwritten  love "
"love is a shelter in a ragging storm  love is peace in the middle of a war  and if we try to leave, may god send angels to guard the door  no love is not a fight, but it's something worth fighting for! love will come and save us, if we only call  he will ask nothing from us, but demand we give our all  cuz i will fight for you, will you fight for me      love "
"when the rain comes you blame it on the things that you have done  when the storm fades, you know the rain has fallen on everyone  so rest a while, it will be alrite   no one loves you like i do  i can't stop the rain from falling down on you again  i can't stop the rain, but i will hold you till it goes away      love "
"there could never be a more beautiful you  don't buy the lies, disguises and hoops they make you jump through  you were made to fill a purpose that only you can do   love "
"i'm alive, i'm alive that's what i say! i'm alive and i'm goin live today! we were born with wings! we were made to fly! we were meant to live while we're still alive  love    love    love "
"rock what you got, rock what you got ! don't ever let them make you stop ! rock what you got, light up the lot  no one can rock the way you rock ! this one's for the beatin dwn, who gave up on their rock n roll  lift your eyes from what drags you dwn! you were born to rock inside your soul !   love   love   love "
it's like moving moutains     
i am no one's fool and i will not a broken hearted girl! god's got this upside down life in his hands n i'm not fight him anymore!  i'm jst letin it all go n throwin my hands in the air     i don't care  love   love   love 
life's a dance you learn as you go       love   love   love 
"god understands our prayers, even when we can't find the words to say them     love "
bailamos! <propfemale> noche   bailamos! wooop woop prom tommorow  wink  yeaha  love 
god's promises are like the stars; the darker the night the brighter they shine  love   ~ <propfirst> <propmale>
    makes me that much stronger! makes me work a little bit harder! makes me that much wiser! so thax for making me a fighter! make me learn a little bit faster! makes my skin a little bit thicker! makes me that much smater!  so thax for making me a fighter !  love   love   love 
"i wouldnt take back anything that i've gone through  now i pray for strength for anything i'm gonna do  wether it joy or pain, i'm still okay  i'm gonna be alrite cuz i'm not afraid  i'm not afraid, cuz i've become brave as the light of day straight into the cave to show me the way  that i might be saved, now i'm turning the <propfemale>  thanks to the power of love, i can love because i am brave  yes, i am brave  love   love   love "
"open up your eyes  awake, arise  love like a hand reaches down and pulls us up from the dirty ground  now is the time to step from the dark into the light cuz you can't change what you've done  but you can choose who you'll become   love   love   love "
"you say let it go, you say let it go  you say life is waiting for the ones who lose control  you say you will be everything i need  you say if i lose my life it's then i'll find my soul  mmmmm       i'm letting go ;}   love "
"fully alive, more than most  ready to smile and love life  fully alive and she knws how to believe in futures  here she stands today, in her brilliant shining way  stronger than her pain, in her brilliant shining way  fully alive and she knws how to belive in jesus   love "
"so close, no matter how far couldn't be much more from the heart  forever trust in who we are and nothing else matters  life is ours, we live it our way  trust i seek and i find in you everday for us something new  open mind for a diffrent view  never cared for what they say, never cared for what they do, never cared for what they know  and i know, no nothing else matters       love "
"it was all about a man  it was all about a cross  it was all about the blood that was shed, so i would not be lost  it was all about the love that was bigger than a life  it was all about the freedom that was given through your sacrifice  cuz you would rather die, then to ever live without me        love "
"refined, i'll become the most dazzling precious treasure  i'll be treasured over all the earth  bearing the gift of a new heart  <propfemale> ablaze i'm slowly burning        love "
"    and if you asked me if i love him, i'd lie  love "
"i'm real, what you see is what you get       love "
"no matter what you say bout love, i keep coming back for more  keep my hand in the fire, sooner or later i get what i'm askin for  no matter what you say bout life, i learn every time i bleed  i gotta let my spirit be free  i can't waste time so give it a moment, i reliaze nothing is broken  no need to worry bout everthing i've done, live ever sec like it was my last one  don't look back got a new direction     love "
"things happen for a reason, you'll become a stronger person  when life tears you dwn then you'll understand it's never easy  but you'll knw when you get there, it builds you up  laugh   woooot here i come senior year n summer  laugh   better watch out  wink "
"can't wait to make it on a prayer to commerce then to fl  laugh  ;}  joyful \wooot wooot here we come big sunshine state      \the conde girls causing panic  love  \lol ;p"
"life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away  love "
"be strong in the lord and never give up hope  god's got his hand on you so don't live life in fear  forgive and forget, but don't forget why your here  take your time and pray  thank god for each day, his love will find a way  love "
"when i opened up my eyes to day, felt the sun shining on my face  got rid of fears holdin me dwn  i'm feeling so good cause nothing in this world can turn me round  had an terrific nite  wink  with someone very special  love    so ready to change this world round tommorow, with my family n love backin me up  laugh  woot woot here we come world changers  love   love   love "
trying to live an unhindered life  love 
gone fishin  wink 
life is good  wink   love 
love is marching to his heartbeat  love 
be a voice not an <propfemale>  love 
if it wasn't for god's but where would i be? rom  5:8
jesus didn't tapout  love 
"my best friend has accepted jesus christ as her lord and savior  laugh  yay! \she knw's where will be for the rest of her life  smile "
bc he lives i can face tommorow! bc he lives all fear is gone! bc i knw he holds the future and life is worth the living just bc he lives!
god takes broken peices and make masterpieces  love  i rededicated my life tonite  laugh 
goin grad pix dress shoppin with my mom n jammin to the oldies   laugh   smile   love   love 
"i love you, you love me, and god loves us     \i love that  love "
"don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there are footprints on the <propfemale>      love "
the real lover is a man who can thrill you by kissing your forhead or smilling into your eyes or jst staring into space      love 
"we should all start to live while we're young, fear and regrets are stupid excuses not too live laugh n love your life  love "
"imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring     love "
"the most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart      love "
i miss skipping rocks with you  sad   love 
this is your life dont let it pass you by     love 
"life is a dance floor  you get what you're given, it's all how you use it      love "
wow has alot to think about    
hmm love dancin in the rain     love 
"thunder only happens when its rainning, players only love you when they're playin  when the rain washes you clean you will know  love "
i think i'm in love with my radio  love 
im big on the pigs  love 
catchin up on sooooo much wit my bestie    wink    love 
yay smile  goin to the lake 2day wit my loves then stayin wit hoper for awesome pix tomorrow wink  woot woot  love 
 smile  nice to hear from a friend smile 
practise practise smile  for the cna test then off to church smile 
omg just got saved from bein trapped in the bathroom wit a giant spider the size of my palm! thank god for jason smile 
" smile  watchin one of the best movies ever, kill <propmale>  laugh  then goin to sleep got my big cna test at 8 in the mornin smile  wish me luck  love "
feelin the happest ever smile  after 10hrs finaly i am a certified nursin asstent laugh  whoo i did it smile   love 
"cuz i'm only as tall as my heart will let me be and i'm only as small as the world will make me seem  when the goin gets rough and i feel like i may fall, i'll look on the brightside- i'm roughly six feet tall  love "
like sunlight burning at midnight making my life so beautiful beautiful beautiful  love 
"llamas a polvo de amantes a amigos, por que todas  las cosas llegan a su fin     love "
"cuz a face without freckles is like a sky without the stars  why waste a sec not loving who you are? those little imperfections make you beautiful, lovable, valuable they show your personalty inside your heart reflecting who you are      love "
"the ppl who matter dnt mind and the ppl who dnt mind matter  so if you have a problem with me solve it  if you think im trippin, tie my shoe  if you cant stand me, sit back down  cant face me, turn around  jst take me as i am  love "
"the pressure makes us stronger  the struggle makes us hunger  the hard lessons make the difference and the difference makes it worth it  let it set your heart on fire, let it set you free       love "
life is a maze and love is a riddle  jst let it go and enjoy the show  love 
"awe, thank you god for giving me a best friend and bigg sissy all wrapped up in a gorgeous girl named <propfemale>  love  idk what i would do wit out her  love "
omg jst got the best gift ever  love  my very own baby piglet  love  now to name her    
"i can be changed by what happens to me, but i refuse to be reduced by it     love "
"hug me, love me, judge me, the only man that matters is above me  love "
hey everyone  laugh  so if you've text me in the past month or so and i havent replied its cuz i dnt have mins on my phone  annoyed  so if you need me for anything jst message me on here  wink  mmmkay welp thx  love 
"loving god, big sissy, life and my new hair cut  wink   love "
"words mean more than what is wrote down on paper, it takes a voice to bring those words to life and fill a deeper meaning     love "
close your eyes pretty girl cause its easier when you brace yourself  set your thoughts on world far where we only cry from joy  love 
my beautiful aunt has finally gone home to our gracious father god  love  jst keep my family in your prayers and thoughts  if you ever had the <propmale> to meet my amazing free spirt joyful aunt  <propfemale> you knw how truely blessed we were to have such a astonishing women apart of our family  1 thessalonians 4:17  love 
"anyone can jst give up, it's the easiest thing in the world to do  but, to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that takes true strength and courage   love "
there is no fear in love; but perfect love eliminates all fears  love 
"im not giving up, tonite the walls are coming down  i am stronger than my fears, this is the mountain i must climb  if i can overcome step one, i can face the 99 "
"omg has her very own farm now lol  love  i jst got some chickins to go wit my piggy, cat, 4 dogs and turtle  love  love my babies  love "
omg super exiceted bout tommorow  wink  wish me luck!
thank you god thank you! oh my gosh! i have an internship with a very important doctor in the fall!  love  couldnt be more happy  laugh  thank you god!
so exiceted about tonite  wink  getin ready  smile 
had a total blast  laugh  guh he's sweeet n sooo funny  smile  can't wait to <propfemale> again  laugh 
"what if they aren't stars? but openings from heaven where the love from our lost loved ones shines down on us, to let us knw they're happy  love "
"i think, the best things in the world are: big hugs, passionate kisses, the smell of rain, daydreaming, walking through a field of wild flowers, laughing, smiles (particularly from strangers) soft cushy pillows, anything chocolate, and being loved  love "
vury much happy  laugh  had great time tonite  smile 
"dance in the rain, kiss under the stars, and love with all your heart  love "
"you were born an original, don't die a copy      love \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008"
i like it on the door 
"how do you keep your feet on the ground, when you were born to fly  love "
"its time to take back all the pain  its time to make a final gain  its time to take care, instead of misuse  its time to love, instead of abuse  its time to dry away the tears  its time to shed the unwanted fears  its time we learn not to hide from our true selves, or the other side   love "
ugh doesn't feel like my bday is in 1day  annoyed 
bad bad company until the day i die  wink 
whoo hoo! i finaly have mins so text me!  love 
goin to commerce to kidknap my sissy  love 
yay smile  im 19  love 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone  smile  wow  smile  crazy fun bday smile  finaly home makin halloween cookies  love  thank you god for another year smile 
halloween is one of the best seasons ever smile  i could watch friday the 13th and night of the living dead all day smile  gota love the classics  wink   love 
scream awards and hot chocolate smile  lifes good smile   love 
ridin solo now wink  just got my licens!  love 
waitin on <propfemale> lynn smile  bored but cheddar jalapeño cheetos are the bomb wink   love 
beauty and the beast is the best love story ever smile   love 
awe smile  daddy just suprised me with an icecream birthday cake    even tho he thought it was tuesday wink  gota love him  love 
"so proud smile  <propfirst> just used the potty for the fist time all by his self smile  goodness, do i feel old love  lol"
oh yeah smile  just did 20pushups for 5pnts on my over all avrg in econ smile 
i love these beautiful changin leaves smile   love 
come to the <propfirst> fall festival and buy our tie dye shirts smile 
my day just got pretty awesome smile  my aunt gave me an <propmale> hardy bag smile   smile   smile 
the mouth confesses what the heart possesses love 
i broke the window again      night at the roxbury is so funny smile 
so flippin happy smile  to have my beautiful big sista wit me today and next few days smile   love 
"we live, we love, we forgive and never give up  cuz the days we are given are gifts from above smile   love "
thank you to all the brave heroes who have served and are serving our beautiful nation  god bless you all!
"if you want peace, fight for justice      love "
off to tennesse smile  to visit family and look in to a possible college smile   love 
happy thanksgivings everyone  love   laugh  i am so thankful for my almighty god  love  loving family and the best friends in the whole entire world  love  i love you guys bunches  love  xoxo
goin to checkout medvance  laugh  lets see what god has instore? then to commerce to see my big family and some old friends  love   laugh 
well i absolutely love medvance  love  goodbye <propfemale>     hello tennesse laugh  this college is totaly perfect for me  laugh  gah i love it! god really answers prayers  laugh   love 
"i've a feeling in my soul, feels like im born again, feels like im breathing, feels like im moving for the very first time  im living for the first time in my life  love "
oh yeah  laugh  worked out to p90x today in fitness  wink 
"work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt ,and dance like no one is watching      love "
"dang lol hates those dumb blonde moments    which seem to happen alil to often to me, considering im not a blonde lol  wink \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_ playful  laugh m0026aus"
"even on my weakest day, i'm getin alil bit stronger  love "
1589 you have a very beautiful vioce smile  and are a beautiful lady smile  i've enjoyed our friendship vury much(bumps included) love you chick  love 
64 hmmmm     you are the smartest sweetest guy out there  love  and always a good listner  smile  im so glad you moved here! love ya  love 
668 girl you beautiful  smile  i wish we were closer friends  annoyed  i miss you  and your terrific family  love  love you bunches  laugh 
393 well lets see  wink  your a really sweet and smart guy! and we need to <propfemale> out again one day   smile 
"88 you are such a beautiful girly wit an awesome singing vioce,when you can hear it wink   i always love your diff hair styles  smile  love ya chica  love "
509 wow you have reallly grown into such a gorgeous young lady  love  i love you wit all my heart  miss you all like freakin crazy! be good and stay beautiful laugh 
53 your a true sweetheart  love i love you cuz your always there  laugh 
7128 your crazy man  smile  but funny and vury sweet  smile 
254 your amazing! gah i love you and have no idea how i would make it one day wit out you sweetie  laugh  your my best buddie  smile  love you  love 
18 your so beautiful  smile  i miss you bunches! love ya  love 
well im sooo ready for a weekend full of laughs and fun laugh  whooo tgif  love 
time for sleep  smile  had a terrific day even tho i had only 4hr to sleep  wink  singing in the mornin is goin to be amazing and even better at nite smile  i really aprate the things you guys do for us and my family smile  love you martin smile   love 
whoo smile  let it snow  love 
"229587653249876-313246 your crazy boy but i love you! it was really meetin you at world changers, who would've thought we would be such good friends laugh  but really you need to come up here one day!"
"you can call me whatcha like  but my morals, believes and standers are never goin to drop for you  you can take me as i am or leave me as you please  either way isnt goin to make or break me  im happy in who i am  smile   love "
352 boy your real sweet and we need to <propfemale> out one day  smile 
25 lol we're talkin rite now lol  smile  but guy your funny and very intresting lol
76 dear your a cute sweetie  smile  it was kinda funny seein you at my school the other day lol text me and lets go do summin one day  smile 
169 girl you are so beautiful  laugh  love ya bunches and soooooo cant wait till our senior trip  laugh  whoooo less than 5mnths  laugh  its great to have you and <propfirst> in fitness wit hope and i  laugh  showin those freshmen who's boss  wink 
was just told i have eyes like my daddy  love   laugh 
"676 your pretty awesome dude  smile  never knew there was so much behind you, you really are a great guy  smile "
"its sooo great seeing friends you haven't seen in years, but still just as close  wink   love "
today was fantastic smile  made new friends visited old friends and even <propfemale> came smile  now the tough part    to get kevie to sleep smile 
listin to fob and trying to find my bedroom floor again  laugh   love 
"you are a child of the most high  there is nothing you can't do, and that is no lie  you were designed to use your mind, to move what you can't see so don't be blind  cuz there is a love that won't let you down  it is time for a love revolution!  love "
"busy busy day  laugh  tried on the bridesmaid dresses, which are absolutely beautiful! so exited for tashie  love  now some applesauce and sleep, gota killer headache "
feliz navidad  laugh   love  happy birthday jesus  love   love 
ahahaha its a white christmas babbby!  love   laugh 
"years go by and time just seems to fly, but the memories remain  love  whoo we grad in less than a 5mnth?!??!?! then i am sooo outa here laugh "
llora por ti     love 
cleaned out my heart and mind laugh  so ready for the new year  love 
zephaniah 3:14-20  love   smile 
"everday i'm closer to who i'm ment to be, i'm a change in the making  love "
be strong and his love will lead you to fight another day  love 
watchin easy a  smile  aha so cute and funny  smile  love this movie  smile 
"whatever happened to chilvary? does it only exist in 80's movies? i want <propfirst> cusack holding a boombox outside my window  i wanna ride off on a lawnmower with <propfirst> dempsey  i want <propmale> from sixteen candles waiting outside the church for me  just once i want my life to be like an 80's movie, preforbly one with a really awesome musical number for no apparent reason  love   wink "
memento vivere      love 
i will lift my eyes to the maker of the mountains i can not climb  i will lift  my eyes to the calmer of the oceans ragging wild  i will lift my eyes to the healer of the hurt i feel inside  i will lift my eyes to you  love 
"so excited bout morrow laugh  i jst absolutely love to sit and talk with these very vibrant interesting people smile  they have so much to say, if someone would jst stop and listen  love "
i lie awake at night and i pray for you     love 
whoo smile  jst walked to the main road with <propfirst>  the snow is beautiful and very deep  smile  love it  love 
watching the shining  wink  perfect for this winter snow storm wink  love it  love 
hmmmm     
i've got my head on straight and i'm not goin to change  don't you try to stop me   love 
guh my mother is the craziest person i have ever known! lmao  laugh  gota love her!  love 
"bahahaha the interesting things your bestfriend tells you to make you smile laugh  \happy days happy days!\"" \""evil bunny\"" \""you feel like a dead person\"" \""no its an underhug\"" \""you bout feel out of the chair and air laughing\"" \""my dog almost hit the ceiling\"" i love all you crazy people in my life that make it <propfemale> worth wild!  love """
"<propmale> comer has battled cancer for almost 7 yrs  the doctors are giving him only days to live  <propmale> is 41, married & has 2 children, <propmale> 11 & <propfemale> 7  <propmale> has asked his mom for a special request, for everyone to pray for a miracle for his daddy  he wants a prayer chain across the world  please pray for <propmale> and help start this prayer chain across the world for <propmale>  copy & re-post to keep the prayer chain goin "
wow has jst found a new show that makes her love her non zero sized curvaceous body  smile   beauty comes in any and all sizes!  love 
tequilla
love is the best glue     love   smile 
hmmmmm times like this i need my big sister      love 
it's raining men! hallelujah! they're falling out of the trees!  wink 
"living might mean taking chances but they're worth taking, loving might be a mistake but it's worth making     love "
oh how life is so bitter sweet     love 
"we laugh about the past, but secretly we wish we could go back and save the child    love "
hmmmm i think im jst maybe addicted to jalapeno cheetos  smile   love 
whoo last semester of high school! i just know its going be great! so super exiced bout my internship with dr  pinkerton  smile   love 
terrific day!  laugh  sooo very exicted about what god has in store in hopefuly next couple weeks! i see now how everything happens for a reason!  love 
another amazing day! ice cream in 2nd and an 80 on my alg  3 test! now to get ready to spend a funfilled nite with my bestie hopers  love  and to see my beautiful big sissy in the mornin then to the heritage healthcare  laugh 
is sooo bummed out  sad   dropped my <propfemale> earing down the drain when i was gettin in the shower!
if i were from <propfirst> i would say ooooh la-la-la-la  wink   love 
"so it's raining very beautifuly outside  smile  safe to say it's a messy ponytail, plaid rain boots and comfy hoodie day tomorrow  smile   love "
is very very thankful and happy! just might have this thing in the bag!  wink   love 
"love child, different from the rest  love "
movie nite with the girls!  love 
"lol hates when she doesnt listin to her mom, and over plucks  makes em uneven her eye brows  playful "
i'd be lying if i said i wasn't on the verge of doing snoopy dances     love 
raise your hands rejoice and love yourself today cuz baby you were born this way  love 
your just like poison    how can something so deadly feel so right?  love 
im so flava flava i should have a clock on ;p
orientation was great today  smile  cant wait to start my first 12hr shifts this weekend  smile 
is a senior superlative in healthcare science  laugh   love 
be good    or be good at it  wink 
"is going to bed now, i've gota get up at 5:45 for work in the morning  smile  wish me luck  wink "
"whoo long weekend, but worth it! got some well need rest and now back at it tonight smile  i actually love my job!?!? lol even though it back braking and very stressful at times, just the little things in their reactions or sayings makes it worth wild smile   love "
just got home  smile  ready for a nice hot bath and my lovely warm bed  smile  night god bless smile 
cuz everybody dies but not everybody lives   
smile cuz god loves you     and i'm next on the list laugh 
geez i'm only 19 but after work i've got creks like i'm 87 lol
hehehehe i love that you live like two mins away from me wink 
"your beautiful, you were ment for so much more than all of this smile  you are his smile \*¤h3£$3¥*"
"\sex appeal is 50 percent what you've got and 50 percent what people think you've got \"" <propfemale> loren \",9e422f1bd568936fded5a10b51476467,"just found the perfect prom dress  smile  its <propfemale> <propmale> inspired  wink \*¤h3£$3¥*"
"a women's heart is a deep ocean of mysteries   \*one~step~at~a~time*"
"i like this time change smile  it's actually daylight when i get home smile \*one~step~at~a~time*"
"is so happy smile  i have a prom date smile  yay! lol\*one~step~at~a~time*"
"when your down to nothing; god is up to something   smile \*~born_this_way~*"
"pinapple wink \*~love_laugh_live~*"
"you make me smile like the sun and laugh like a kindergardener smile \*~besame~*"
