a8502031767bee57a1f8677e3ed3d88c
"thats pretty cool  i think i am going to study photography, world history, and buisness "
ugh facebook confuses me often  annoyed 
t-u-r-t-l-e power  turtle power!
lets all go to disco heaven!!
fuckin red hair dye! ugh why wont you let me have the red hair i want!!!
in love  love 
"bon fire at the house tonight  woo hoo roasted marshmellow, music, and a few drinks with good friends and my <propfemale> "
effing mosquitoes man!!
i'm like powdered sugar 
i want a crabcake really bad right now 
sweet got a ride to work! car is broken sad 
ugh  i'm sick of looking forward to nothing pretty much 
bon fire at the house  i got smores stuff too  smile 
fireworks and music tonight 
"yes, i'll admit that i'm a fool for you  because your mine, i walk the line "
guys are so lame!!
all we are saying is give peace a <propmale> 
"your only a 757 kid when your from the other side of the water meaning va bch, ches, norfolk, that general area to about suffolk "
uuggghh people are annoying!!
"i wish that you were my lollipop sweet things, i will never get enough if you show me to the sugar tree will you give me a sodapop for free"
carnival tonight  bon fire friday!!
tired  about to go to work  it's way to early in the morning  need more sleep 
can't wait for the bon fire party on friday at our house!!
"party, party, party tonight!!! i cant wait  after this looonnng week vodka is well earned and needed "
stressed 
remember who you really are 
nothing to do on the eastern shore   
ugghh  im so bored  theres nothing to do lol
bon fire at the house tonight!!!
all the world's a stage 
i knew you would do this 
i'm the problem that can't be solved 
"if one mans see something that isn't there, we call him delusional  but if many people see it, we call it a religion - r dawkins"
"when did i realize i was god? well, i was praying and i suddenly realized i was talking to myself"
"when did i realize i was god? well, i was praying and i suddenly realized i was talking to myself  if one mans see something that isn't there, we call him delusional  but if many people see it, we call it a religion - r dawkins"
no one sleeps when i am awake 
"yea since middle school  i have been great, i start school next semester  i moved to the easternshore  i also have twin boys now  i know crazy but they are awesome  so what are you going to school for?"
they don't love you like i love you 
partying  not really feeling up to it though 
if god takes life he's an indian giver 
regrets are a lesson not learned 
some fucking people  
sometimes it's good to have fake people in this world  it helps you find out who your real friends and family are 
people who care don't matter  people who matter don't care 
the only sovereign you can allow to rule you is reason 
only the strong succeed
"cry freedom, cry from deep inside where we all are confined "
thinking about getting bangs again   
is debating whether she could really start playing morrowind and stop in 30 mins to go to bed   
men are fucking retarded!!!!!!!!!
i should be sleeping!
sick sad  but chillin with one of my vb friends that now lives over here smile 
so effin bored  off work bc im sick sad 
tired  bored  hate the shore 
party tonight!!
what a great day  i love my will love 
 love 
thinking     but nothing makes sense anymore  what happened with the good old days?
new tat!! pics soon 
i dont care what anyone says i love obama!
girls are so annoying 
whats going on tonight  
bored  tired  i should prolli get to bed 
"i hate what i can't have, so i hate you "
<propfemale>!
going to ninja school  whos with me?
"trainwreck, that i am  and i am what i am what i am  what i am, a trainwreck"
i started something i couldnt finish 
damn <propfemale> murphy is dead  that saddens me  sad 
ran out of wrapping paper before i was finished 
i havent seen my friends since last year  sad 
watch me fall like new york in an earthquake 
find me something true that is in tact 
i think its time for me too put up some new pics   damn so much work 
fml
i'm already looking up this years halloween costume   what is wrong with me?
"bad ass bitch, im rated x, im gifted, aint gotta sell sex "
all i wanna do is partyy n bullshitt 
had the worst nightmare everrrr!!!!
i wish i could be something other than worthless 
everything good is happening somewhere else 
"i am heaven sent, don't you dare forget "
"you become a reflection of the people you knew best, and with whom you've shared your life "
i want to go to the beachhh!!! its so nice outsidee 
i need milk!
"whats with people these days? i'm beginning to hate more people than i like, and i dont like it "
it hurts to be this good 
i'm sorta kinda gay for mere 
people+problems get old buttt alcohol doesntt
"i will lie awake, lie for fun and fake the way i hold you, let you fall for every empty word i say you're using all your looks that you've thrown from the start, if you let me have my way i swear i'll tear you apart "
i just never give a shit 
drunkkkkkkk love 
"i will lie awake, lie for fun and fake the way i hold you, let you fall for every empty word i say "
"i'm a girl with an appetite, so i might just devour your heart "
i'm so tired of caring about friends that dont do the same back 
i think i am going to cut my hair 
oh it hurts to be this good 
i love <propfemale> coke  love 
i hate money and what it does to people 
cigarettes
working on booking some new photoshoots!!! <propfemale> excited!!
nothing seems to break the walls down 
interview tomorrow for the new <propfemale> in exmore!!!!
i should be sleeping right now so i can be rested for that job interview but the internet is so addicting
"i have to keep reminding my self that i can't fix everything, sometimes things are just beyond fixing "
words to live by      smack it with the hammer
what ever happened to alien ant farm?
because i'm from va beachhh babyyyyy  love 
heading home to vb!!!!!!!!!!
2nd interview at the <propfemale> in exmore today  so sleepy though 
is freakin bored!!!!
partyinnnnnn tonighttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hit me up and i'll tell you where its attt 
take your shoes off your teeth and stop running your mouth 
too sick to party  sad 
work again today  worked for a straight week now  <propfemale> tired 
so sleepy and finally a day off  smile 
"we can breathe in space, they just don't want us to escape "
"it's all ending  i gotta stop pretending who we are    \\you and me i can see us dying   are we?"
needs a ride to work   and possibly a babysitter  annoyed  i would only need a baby sitter for like an hour though  jeez this sucks 
done with this  have no idea where it all went  fml 
some ppl
i can't believe this shit 
got on to suicide girls today  laugh  all i need is a photoset and ill be on the site 
with <propfemale> <propmale>   itsa party fuck hoez  smile 
oh how i love change  i'm gunna do me from now on  thanks to my friends that didnt have my back when i was in doubt it helped me find my self  so i am back bitches! i missed me 
the beach was awesome today! i still hate jellyfish 
"i'm just a girl, living in captivity "
drunkkkk   burnt my mouth on a bratwurst  sad 
spiteful words can hurt your feelings but silence breaks your heart 
i wish i could hate you  sometimes i pretend i do 
i hate mosqitos!
new book featuring the main characters in my all time fav book book series coming in 2011  <propfirst> and kahlan from the sword of truth series! supposed to be 3 books in his new deal with tor  yay!
my heart feels like its going to throw up  sad 
going to work at 3  reaally hope my asthma stops fucking with me  i like air 
"i'm a mountain that has been moved, i'm a river that is all dried up, i'm an ocean nothing floats on, i'm a sky that nothing wants to fly in, i'm a sun that doesn't burn hot, i'm a <propfemale> that never shows its face, i'm a mouth that doesn't smile, i'm a word that no one ever wants to say   "
goodbye house  goodbye old life  goodbye will  goodbye sanity 
"i wish i didnt feel like i have to throw up constantly  and i am so sick of people talking about what they have no clue about, shut your mouths you have no idea about what went on "
mmmm <propfemale> vodka!!! c'mon guys how long did you think i'd let it get me down 
it's 4th of julyy time for fireworks anddd parties!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
best fourth of july weekend ever in the world!!!
"bout to eat some spicy chicken wings  laugh  just got soul caliber 4, it's awesome!!!!! i cant stop playing it though   uhh oh "
"yeah, i'm feeling good tonight, finally doing me and it feels so right, time to do the things i like, going to the club everything's alright  i'm ridin solo!"
"i must be pretty awesome, you have had something to prove to me since 9th grade  i think its time to move on "
i think i am broken 
finally its friday! can't wait for tonight!
things seem to be looking up  smile  doing things on my own feels good  in about a month everything will be right on track  laugh 
movies tomorrow! can't wait!
<propfemale> vodka+coke cola+friends= a good time
long night  chillin with my peeps 
it's one of those nights 
i can't wait for the cupcake marathon!!!!
"i hope you come down with something they cant diagnose, don't have the cure for "
i havent gone to sleep yet bc i have been staying up to make sure i could call my work right when they opened they have been opened for awhile now but no one is answerin  wtf  i want to go to sleep! <propmale> mathews is tonight!  laugh 
cupcake marathon tomorrow!
stevuns the biggest ladies man ever in the world of all time!
you are one worthless fuck  you are a fake  everyone will find out 
oh it hurts to be this good 
it takes just as much energy to hate someone as it does to love someone 
oct 16th there is a zombie walk in vb! i know its still early but i can't wait for that shit!!
"a man is like a deck of playing cards  you need a heart to love him with, a <propfemale> to marry him, a club to smash his head in, and a spade to bury his ass   love "
vip passes to <propmale> zombie korn and lamb of god tomorrow! haha bitches!!
you're so cute  wink 
<propfemale> mcgee has had will smith erased from her memory  please never mention their relationship to her again  thank you 
the end of a extremely shitty day  hoping for the best tomorrow though 
the w should be called double v  just sayin 
oh the entertainment  wink 
as long as the wrong feels right  
i'm liking this  laugh 
got the key in my hand  laugh 
life is great
<propfemale> bar opened tonight! budweiser is promoting the opening of the bar by buying free beers for everone  be there tonight for free beer!!!
"finally its friday! and i am off work  laugh  hopefully soon i will be vb bound for good, fingers crossed!!"
sleepy  annoyed 
"really cannot stand the ppl that make the schedule at my work, i'd like  be able to spend a little time with my kids every once in awhile without getting shit for it  i hate split shifts "
ugh back to work at 4 smile 0  sad  early bedtime tonight for sure then back at it again tomorrow  i hate double shifts 
going to vb today to chill with my baby girl <propfemale> angellove  cant wait to see you boo!
back blonde thanks to my mama #2 gerta huffman  love ya!
"rip dad, cant believe its been this long "
it really saddens me that there are ppl in this world that can be so selfish and hateful 
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still    fighting  ?\for you <propfirst>  love "
i cant figure out why i m seeing everything all blury 
someone bring me some hardees please!!
really <propmale> feel like going to work today 
ughh exhausted already  the boys had alot of fun last night though 
"today i realized that the girl i used to pretend and imagine to be when i was little, the one that was successful in love, career, and in friendship i am only a few steps away from  i am almost staring right at her i have 2 out of 3 down and i start school next year and then thats 3 out of 3  i am less than a year away of everything i ever dreamed of having and more  yay me!"
"ugh 3 hours at the community college today for some ged tests, now i get to go back the 19th for more  annoyed   then again on the 3rd but after that i am done and off to <propfirst> and <propfirst>  laugh "
it doesnt feel like its been 2 yrs since i have seen my best friend  i miss and love you <propfirst>  wish you were here  rip babe i  love  ya!
wtf
i wish i was sleeping
i want some mexican food  badly 
"although im glad to be making some money today, i still really dont feel like working at that place today ughhh "
okay i know what i need now  crabcakes   fried crabcakes  there you go summer <propmale> todays craving lol 
ugh sleepy  may or may not have a bon fire tonight   still thinking about it 
okay i have decided no bonfire tonight possibly tomorrow i have new plans for tonight  laugh 
my feet are so cold i think they might fall off  i have a feeling tonight is going to be shit even though it had such great potential 
fml!
"this is me i love myself, yea fuck everyone else  i dont need nobodies help cuz this is love 2012 "
so maybe im a masochist  this e playful lains everything 
i'd be really thankful for a bottle of <propfemale> vodka right about now 
hates this place  with a passion 
happy birthday <propfirst>  wish we could celebrate it with you 
is it friday yet?
"whats going on, im ready to go out tonight   "
ughhhhhh
when does it end 
tonight where ever i end up im getting drunk  its been too long 
bed time 
is going out tonight!! its well needed!!!
yay comp is working!
you must be retarded 
my insides are all twisted  sad 
im effing starving! somebody come feed me!! please!
ughhhh frustrated!
"\what are we going to do today?\"" \""same thing we do everyday katie \"" \""try to take over the world?\"" \""what? no \"" \""oh   sad \"""""
who wants to give me a ride to the store?
fml
fight night round 3  love 
"my hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me  so won't you kill me? so i die happy  my heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, or wear as jewelry  \whichever you prefer "
had a really bad day yesturday hope it doesnt repeat itself today   sad 
ughh sick  sad 
hey dmv  fuck you!
im tired of not having a full time job  this shit is getting old 
go tell all your friends that this is the end 
"you can't stain us, you can't contain us, you can't destabilise, define or label us "
"corrupted fucking tyrants, instigating violence,this sporadic discordance will find maximum assurance "
"we can breathe in space, they just dont want us to escape "
joined twitter   im confused 
i'm officially annoyed now  yay 
upset  need to get out of the house and be with my friends  sad 
seriously everytime i think this week cant get any worse it gets 10 times worse  fuck everyone right now! im tired of fake ass people 
i guess it could be worse  or wait could it?
"youre gunna need a bodybag, i'll break bones you didnt know you had "
you want to see me disappear? well so do i   so do i
soooo over it 
 laugh  ohhh man what to do what to do 
send me <propfirst> so i cant put them on my new phone!! which will be working tomorrow hopefully!!  laugh 
yea im okay  laugh 
"dear hangover, do you mind please going away   pretty please?"
"start wearing purple, wearing purple  start wearing purple for me know  all your sanity and wits they will all vanish i promise its just a matter of time "
wtf happened last night? jesus  note to self playing kings with mixed drinks is okay for a little while until all the rules are made and youre chugging every other card hahaha   recovery mode for a few hours then ill crack this tilt  smile 
when i grow up  i wanna be a ninja
im skinny bc im lazy   yea it makes sense if you think about it 
whipped cream vodka night number 2!
party tonight!!!
take me to the hospital 
i need an aquarius or libra to keep 
bout to go get some milk  smile  yay! choclate milk time!
this baby's got a temper 
has got to get back to vb!
you feel like paradise and i need a vacation tonight 
i'm officially closing this past chapter in my life  it hurts so much to do so but its for the best  i just wish things had gone the other way 
stop\\n ridinsolo
never looking back  time to move forward \\n ridinsolo
job hunting  having too much fun though 
god fuckin damnit shit ass grrrrr a drink got spilled on my phone  its not working right now  i want to cry!!
there is no living creature as foul as i 
with nobody in your bed the nights hard to get through 
your worst brought out the best in me 
i dont give a fuckkk i was drunkkkk!!!
i dont give a fuckkk i was drunkkk!!
strept throat  sad  this is gay
fml for reals
dont give a fuckkkkkkk  happiness is what matters 
monday couldnt come any sooner  wish i could make it though  cant waittttt!!!
life is great  love  couldnt be happier 
this place about to blow!
god i love that man 
to live doesnt mean youre alive 
what an eventful day  ready to relax!
feels so good being bad  there's no way im turning back 
vw gti-r= love 
you know what   fuck it  i know what im doing 
"getting everything ready to move, here i come tennessee!"
happiness is a moment in time when you forget the pain youve gone through in life and stop dwelling on things that worry you 
what is the definition of a true friend?
nothing like some early morning soul searching  but im starting to think my heads about to burst 
everyday i look at the clock at exactly 3oh!3  smile 
all my life ive been good but now i figure what the hell
life is good  laugh 
"everything i do is wrong, but god i do it right "
go into yuks tonight to train from 5-10 excited  and a little scared hope it goes well  laugh 
"so if you want to be with me\with these things there’s no telling\we just have to wait and see\but i’d rather be working for a paycheck\than waiting to win the lottery\besides maybe this time is different\i mean i really think you like me"
"what goods an acknowledgement, it still dont change things "
cant stop listening to conor oberst
i just love me some unintelligent females 
lol the kettle just called the pot black  like i said unintelligent females that have no idea what they are talking about 
<propfirst> <propmale> always knows how to have fun 
work tonight at 4  smile  love it there! then again tomorrow at 4 stoked on these hrs im getting! everyone should come eat drink at yuks and see <propfemale>!
"if i died tonight i would die 100% genuinely happy  life has never been this great  my family is doing great  i have my best friend back  i have two beautiful boys and a good job to support them, an amazing boyfriend  ive never been this happy!"
work tonight  and its wing night so i hope the place gets packed!!!
everyone needs to come eat and drink at yuks tonight so i have some company i want the place packed <propfemale> help me out please!
yay! got my license back finally!!!! now i can actually drive  laugh 
workk tonight  wing night though so it will be fun  laugh 
work tonight  its going to be a fun night there then trying to get into something after that dont know what yet  hit me upp
cant shake this tired lazy feeling  annoyed 
on a smashing pumpkins kick  im liking it though 
"emptiness is loneliness, and loneliness is cleanliness, and cleanliness is godliness, and god is empty just like me  intoxicated with the madness, i'm in love with my sadness "
ughhh tequilla i thought you loved me  sad 
