3c2f1f2b527183fb9801778661528555
oh the weather outside is beautiful  smile 
pardon me 
dreams of grassy rolling hills  
"ene menie mino mo i see some hoes up on the floor, i'm a pro like to touch, bounce that ass like double dutch, bounce it!"
slept like shit and had dreams of whales humping boats   
is trying to shake this bad mood
stuntin is a habit
love is about complete and utter surrender
is sick  sad 
"is packing  \you think your fresh shit? bitch i'm ripe\"""""
thinks she's going to pass out   needs sleep
her baby is opn his way here!!! tomorrow now she'll get to be with him forever  smile   love 
her baby is on his way here!!! tomorrow night she'll get to be with him forever  smile   love 
is relaxing at home with her new family  waiting for her lover to get home from work  smile 
relaxed and feels very much at peace  smile 
where did all the answers go?
feels fat and is going to the beach in 2 days   annoyed 
is feeling restless and homesick
is going to the beach with her baby!
got burnt and is now relaxing  time to start looking for jobs the rest of the week and up coming weeks 
did a lot of running around today and came home to have a drink   
is cleaning and playing with <propfemale>  smile 
my pandora just played <propfirst> <propmale> on a hardcore rap station   > >
her sidebar pandora radio keeps creating a <propfirst> clarkson station on it's own   twice   creeeepyy
her phone is disconnected  so don't freak out if you can't get ahold of her 
i miss my mommy  sad 
"love is touching souls, surely you touched mine, cause part of you pours out of me   "
going to corpus!!!!
might be getting a job!!!!!!!!!! cross your fingers everyone!!! i find out after 4 today
got the job at ihop! working today at 5! wish me luck!
is too good for training but another training today at 5 
got offered a job at applebee's   that is more busy and good hours   what to do what to do
is tired of the run around   i want the job already  indecision 
is over it and lovin life   wants it to be fall already  smile 
going to see about the applebee's job today  need more good luck!
finds out today if she gets the job!
got a job at cheddars and has orientation on sat 
had creepy dreams  annoyed 
was sick on her first day of training  sad  has to train again at 4 today
wishes she could go back to bed but has to get up for work   
mmm potato salad and bologna sandwich   my heart is contect ^ ^
"is still alive, just working and keeping busy  miss all you guys and love you!!"
"is home sick again  wants to cuddle with her baby, but instead has to go to work v v"
is watching house on haunted hill   yay scary movies  it's almost halloween!!
might have to work on halloween  sad 
missin those changing leaves and that crisp cool air   
days go by too quickly  
feel's horrible   might have a fever again  annoyed 
thanks for forgetting me
is feeling rage 
is feeling much better  relaxing with her baby now  love 
put the christmas tree up last night   makes me miss home
happy thanksgiving everyone! love you all!!
"and you, your sex is on fire, consoled with the words to transpire"
 smile 
kiss me til your lips are scorched
going to watch the cowboys game at buffalo wild wings with my baby  smile 
christmas is sneaking up and can't believe she'll be in michigan soon!
6 days!!
independent bitches get up on the dance floor
finding it hard to stay positive   but had an amazing valentines day   love 
oh sims how i love thee  enjoying her days off  smile 
pickin up my family from the airport today!!!!!!!!!!!
"can't hold the clouds at bay, <propmale> them all away, remembering something i forgot, something i forgot "
"on the floating, shapeless oceans, i did all my best to smile, til your singing eyes and fingers, <propfirst> me loving into your eyes "
wish i was home to be at my grandpa's memorial  sad  r i p 
wanting to go swimming at higgins lake! hopefully going to corpus will take care of some of that  smile 
"following the leader, the leader, following the leader, where ever he may go!"
mmmm queso cottage is sooo good(spanish cottage cheese)! lol
"pleased that the temperature outside is only 73, not a sweltering 90 or higher like it has been    "
thank you everyone! i had a great relaxing birthday!
can't wait for the korn concert on saturday!!!!!!
"i'm serious as cancer when i say rhythm is a dancer!!!! ooohhh ohhhh rhythm is a dancer, it's a soul companion, you can feel it everywherrrre  lift your hands and voices, free your mind and join us, you can feel it in the air  oooooh it's a passion    "
korn concert tomorrowwwww!!!!!!!!
korn concert was awesome!! had a great time! now back to work  annoyed 
"    my <propmale> rumble in the jungle, your <propmale> got touched by your uncle   my <propmale> like super-size, your <propmale> look like two fries   "
2 and a half weeks before michigan!!!!!!
excited to relax with my baby on his birthday  smile 
wish i was with my papa for fathers day  sad  only a week and a half til i see everyone though!!!
4 days!!
"2 days!! excited, sad, and scared   "
"being back in michigan is so nice  it's like 60 degrees and beautiful   just wish my lover boy was here to enjoy it with me, can't wait for the weekend!"
"had such a good time with your family and friends!!! it was relaxing, just what i needed  can't believe that tomorrow i'm leaving! had fun shopping today and may go get icecream later   hm  i'll be back before i know it  i love you all  love "
had an amazing time in michigan!!!   now it's back to reality  bummer  my sunburn itches   how annoying
loves thunder storms  smile 
oh sims how you entertain me
rawr! excited for another trip to michigan!
about to watch silver bullet with my mommy and <propmale>  smile 
fyi her phone is disconnected   in the process of getting it turned on though
"had an amazing week with everyone   doesn't really want to go home yet, time flew by too fast  sad "
"if anyone has a picture of <propmale> and i together on our last trip to michigan could you please post it to me, because i never got a good pic of us  purdy pleasssee  smile "
's eye is twitching and has to go to work   blah  annoyed 
ok now it's bedtime   yay off for two days  goodnight  smile 
"safe from pain and truth and choice and other poison devils,\see, they don't give a fuck about you, like i do "
"there's a thunder in our hearts, baby  so much hate for the ones we love? tell me, we both matter, don't we?"
my limeade chiller does not taste very limeade to me     sad 
"sometimes love comes around and it knocks you down, just get back up when it knocks you down\\say you gotta put the good with the bad, happy and the sad, so will u bring a better future than i had in the past, oh cause, i don't wanna make the same mistakes i did, i don't wanna fall back on my face again"
is gonna dance dance dance thru the fire
at night i feel like a vampire   
it's finally starting to feel like fall   fresh weather and burning a hot cider candle to remind me of home  smile 
has a fever  sad  but it's offical! i'm goming home for christmas!!!! yaaaay!!!
is about to make homemade meataaaaballs and speghetti   mmmm  smile 
stupid jersey shore how dare you suck me into watching you    - -
alright   guess i have to do shit today - -
is decorating her sims for halloween   is that sad? lol
ehhhhh i dont want to work but i need to money    annoyed 
finally some scary movies playing! yay for fear fest!
"you set my soul alight, i thought i was a fool for no one, oh baby i'm a fool for you"
happy hallow's <propfemale>!!!
happy halloween!!!!!
love is about complete and utter surrender  the first time i said i love you to him i had surrendered 
"has been watching the <propmale> potter movies over, in anticipation for part one of the final!!!!"
"is eatting a sammich, cleaning, and listening to music  oh what a beautiful day it is  smile "
it feels good to draw again  smile 
"is having family thanksgiving today, then tonight is <propmale> potter!!!"
likes techno arabic music
"cause when your here there's nothing wrong, you are as far as i can see   "
"happy thanksgiving everyone!!!wish i was in michigan to be with my family, but i christmas is not far now! love you all!!"
"off to pay bills, at least its a beautiful day  77 and <propfemale> this texas weather is really growing on me  smile "
stupid work      annoyed 
"this is a happy end, come and give me your hand, i'll take you far away   "
just made sugar cookies  smile  took me 3 hours lol    but damn their gooooood!
reallys doesn't want to clean  annoyed 
9 days til we're in michigan for christmassssss!!!!!!!!!!
"is less than a week away from seeing her family, whom she misses very much! can't wait!!!!!"
"is really not feelin work today, my throat hurts, i lost my voice, n would rather stay home with my baby  sad "
is finally done with all her chirstmas shopping! 2 more days!!!
will be in michigan tomorrow!!! packing and getting things around for the flight!!! yay!!
"had a great time in michigan with her family for christmas, but is glad to be back in the warmer weather  playful  misses everyone already though  annoyed  love you all!  love "
