99d7b432524336d5126db0bc45660020
"two things, <propfemale> and the frog was on of the most racist disney movies i've ever seen, worse even than dumbo; and  i got a job, at fry's electronics! i start on monday!"
im geeked up from the feet up so sick make u wanna throw ur food up get ur cuda up to par i spit crack and this shhh slaps uhhhhhh  dont stay logged in at work ur lucky ur my boy or it pwould of been real bad for the cause
i just taught my self how to calculate square roots by hand! i'm sooooo bored at work   
hate's his co-workers
aww farkle!!! (olde tyme language)
winning the nobel peace prize    i knew i voted for the right guy   
i'm the <propmale> of jelly beans!!!
"<propfirst> harkins just bought the imax at arizona mills mall  with a *4* hour heads up, i'm now suddenly without a job  i hate harkins!"
"going to blanket tempe with applications, not going to let this set back ruin my x-mas   "
online applications are sooo tedious   
anybody want to pay me to be their best friend? will travel   
"i don't know, but let's find out   "
don't want 'ya 'cause your feets to big! mad at ch'a 'cause your feets too big! i hate 'ya 'cause your feets too big!
hates it when people do asinine things like leave notes in the cupbord for their room mates and then get bitchy when it's thrown back in their face  <propfirst> bates
hopes today will be calmer 
"just recieved the worlds worst fake credit card, and my manager still had me accept it! best of all, this was the second fake card we recieved from this person, in a row   "
"then bag it up, you got a key, homie that's the recipe "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments  p s  i'm not making this up    go ahead and check   kind of ironic   "
so how much water is too much in a laptop?
"like jesus, my computer arose from the dead   "
"a friend doesn't care if  your house is untidy, your car makes funny noises, if you only have  $5 00 in the bank this week or that your family is not perfect  they  love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time  without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are  lucky enough to have at least one true friend "
my physics teacher just referenced magic    oy 
"just say avatar    not really worth being fired over    'twas just good, not amazing   "
"today my physics teacher announced we'll be delving into \wiggly\"" motion    sigh   """
i cannot fail my physics teachers test! i've now tried twice    guess he'll throw out a b exam   
more options in life don't always make things easier   
it's hard to fly like an eagle when you're surrounded by turkeys   
"bubbles, bubbles everywhere and not a drop to drink   "
kix is a highly underated cereal 
missed my exit    guess i'm going to tucson   
3ds = virtual boy 2011   
ever try to slap-chop a cat?
still coughing up drywall dust   
is dungeon master to a fluffy <propfemale>    anybody want a <propfemale>? soft    loving    <propfemale>   
free cat get! get your free cat! any takers?
"my phone died, have to get a new one    i can't decide which one though   "
got the incredible!
i think my physics teacher is a witch    going to have to build a bridge out of him to prove it though   
"compare your life to mine, then kill yourself! i'm awesome!"
"i just fixed my ps3 for $60, instead of $150! i am my own hero!"
"everyperson\ has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one; to get better  iknow \97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will bethe 3% \that do, in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer "
"missed opportunities, and wasted chances   "
"i'm suddenly realizing my job is a black hole \no one escapes it, school doesn't help, money doesn't help \i need to leave before i pass the event horizon "
i feel like a prisoner in a goulag prison camp 
<propfirst> plumbing services   
once again    i'm the plumber tonight 
why is life full of hard and terrible decisions?
my plans for grand adventure have died  my father is selling his sailboat 
"being the master of all things adventure, i've formulated new plans for adventure! \adventure on my friends   "
$834 tax return? adventure here i come!
4 hrs of sleep a night and 1-2 square meals a day  what is going on with me?
can't sleep   
"i ain't got punch lines, i got kick lines   "
"i can't be your man, it's not you, it's me   "
getting hyphie!
"turning my phone off, eliminating the trivial stuff "
i'm going to make a concerted effort to make myself happy 
"you were in my dreams again    not sure what it means, why can't i just forget you?"
never been so objectified    
so i cam so i can!
sick    ruined today's schemes   
