8b63d0c4f3da356b70f7db8c694a28db
<propfemale> how do i put the photo in my profile?
"oh, i quess i already did it, thanks"
"whew! busy weekend, even with rain, had a lot of fun  now some housework and back to work"
"my <propfirst>, where r you?"
"great, i'm finely using my omt table  busy as usually  doing a wedding saturday and senior pictures sunday weather permitting   so nice to have the sun  welcome to facebook friend!"
"<propfemale> it was hot today   could possible get a vit d overdose with so much sun in one day! my plants look happy, even the sunflowers that decided to grow after falling from the bird feeder "
"heading to camp, i have the rest of the week off  look like we will have some sun   watch for the meteors in the sky this week "
"going to <propfirst>'s camp for little family get together, may have to go in the water!!  way too hot!!!"
thoughts and prayers to <propfemale> and <propmale> <propfemale> with the loss of their son
off to work where i can enjoy air conditioning 
went from work last night to visit my mom and grandmother   my grandmother is 97 yrs old a look great  my mom is doing better  friday is here thank god!  4 wheeling trip tomorrow and bbq on the trail  looks like fun 
"got to spend some time with my son, <propmale>, he is back from ri then heading to orono later this week   great to see you <propfemale>! & thanks <propmale>  smile  <propfirst> just started college too in colorado, way to go <propfirst>!"
"taking <propmale> a back to college today, i miss him everytime he leaves  but he has a lot of clean clothes!!   wink "
those who cannot forgive others break the  bridge over which they themselves must pass  by confucius
"had a great time @ camp, thank you to friends who brought firewood for our firepit  <propfirst> and i went to pemaquid point yesterday  great time!"
"this is not right to wake up tired on a saturday morning, busy day yesterday and busy all day to day  took <propfemale> to vets in cornville, pittsfield for delivery  north new portland fair with friends next weekend  doing senior pictures tomorrow  looking forward to work on monday  by gosh wink "
good night!  looking forward to my soft pillows and snuggling in for the night  zzzzzzzzzz })
going to pedicure party  wink   hmmmmm thats new for me
only monday!  great weather this week   nice to come home and relax and get waited on every night  <propfemale> always happy to see me (walk and treat time smile 
"off for the rest of the week  will be seeing my brothers, sister and mom  it been along time since we have been all together  i'm making chili and apple crisp  hope my sister doesn't forget the ice cream  have a great weekend everyone!"
i am so done!!!!!!!!  rough day looking forward to monday  stay busy!  it always gets better   smile 
exciting night last night  did notary work on way home then came across a road block and later learned they were looking for a shooter from canaan  and hells angels in the area to top it off or involved  who knows?! glad i missed the shooter  never a dull moment  smile 
"so far unevenful day, thats ok! cleaning house, hope to take <propfemale> for a walk in this nice weather  sure would be beautiful at camp  i hope to take some good pictures of the foliage  our neighbors move out next door  house for sale if anyone wants one "
i have a friend looking for a kitten-will cost over $60 00 at pet shop  does someone know anyone from <propmale> to <propfemale> that have free ones 
"so excited about the day, i don't know why, but feels great about it  its going to be a great day!!!"
happy thanksgiving to everyone from <propfirst> and <propfemale>  have a great day with family and friends
"my sister got her first deer two weeks ago  6 point <propmale>, 181 lbs  she is a good sharer  playful , love ya sis"
"having more dvds done of <propfirst> hs soccer 2002-state championship, (first one in history for soccer) which were previously on vhs  mrs <propmale> who orginally did them has made great updates with them  so any parents or players interested in getting one let me know "
happy 20th birthday to my youngest son <propmale>!  where does the time go? love ya!
"happy new year to everyone, best wishes in the new year "
white
"i had three days off, it was so nice  i'm recharged to face the world and whatever it brings my way  have a great day everyone  smile   <propfirst> hope you had a great birthday day yesterday! happy 25th"
saw my 97yr old gram this past weekend  she looks so good and we held hands the whole time  she is so sweet and never complains about anything 
"the weekend is here, back to work at h&r block tomorrow for the season   going electronic medical records on monday @ my fulltime job  i still have a head ache from the training! have a great weekend everyone!!"
"looking forward to the weekend, going to watch superbowl (thats the only time i watch football-its like a season finally)  see if <propfemale> will take me for a walk  i'm beat after the first week of emr!  i miss my boys!!! <propfirst> is cooking for me again, he is so good to me  how is that for variety? have a great weekend all!"
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, hugs  smile "
"thank you everyone  again for the birthday wishes, i had a great day! looking forward to a long weekend and hope the weather is nice to go walking  maybe work on my taxes, can't ignore them much longer i guess  wish they would go together by themselves "
just a few more hours of work       i can do it     i can do it (long weekend gives me hope)   smile 
"maine central institute - alumni's-class notes are due march 5, include changes, class of 1980 send to my yahoo email  have a great day everyone!"
"friday, hurray!!!!!!!!!!"
friday        hurray! looks like a good weekend  carls birthday this weekend     cake and ice cream     yum!
"glad to not be looking a trucks today, got abit motion sickness, driving by so many vehicles and reading the dealer prices  happy monday!!"
"even thou my kids are grown, i still love the familyfun magazine  have a great weekend everyone "
"mci alumni- class notes due march 5th, also you should of received a card from verification of alumni data  they are updating their directory  if you need the number let me know "
mci alumni notes: due tomorrow  i've learned some of my notes are not getting to my yahoo account  please try bsterlinglaflamme@emh org  i got <propfemale> and <propfemale>'s thank you   letter on reunion in august coming later 
"it's first child appreciation week  make your first born your profile picture and post birth stats in comments: <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> 1 17 85, 7 1 2lbs 21in long- love the memories of holding him and the baby smell "
"i have the weekend off and good weather at the same time  smile , hope everyone has a great weekend!"
am loving this weather  son going back to college this weekend  enjoy <propfemale> and <propmale>'s company much!!!  planning ahead for relay for life on june 19th in skowhegan  have a great weekend 
"is it friday yet? it feels like a fullmoon this week, but its not until the 30th "
"so glad it is friday, looking forward to the nice weather  have a great weekend everyone "
here goes another week! never a dull moment in life  makes life exciting either way  have a great day every one
i have a nice bicyle to ride now  can't wait to go for a ride after the rain  (i don't have a back render smile     maybe this weekend!!!!
"glad is it friday, rough week!  like a long walk off a short plank, than you hit ice  i like that better than ice cold water  something positive  smile "
"happy easter everyone, went for walk, bike ride now visiting with family"
happy monday!
"love is    commitment, <propfemale>, respect, honesty, caring, trust   love is not     violence, put downs, cruelty, jealousy, selfishness, threats   love your loved ones"
today is going to be a beautiful day!!! i couldn't wait for my alarm to go off to get up  so turned off the alarm got up and enjoyed theride to work with a <propfemale> and <propfemale> morning 
done work for the day  going home to spend so time with my wonderful husband and sit in the carport and watch the rain and relax! have a great weekend everyone      the bugs are not out yet that i have seen 
one day at a time and make it a masterpiece!
"i'm amazed by bag baum, that stuff work wonders  my <propfemale> is a happier dog  smile "
"my <propfemale> isn't feeling well, can't wait to get home and take care of her"
update:  <propfemale> is feeling a little better still quite lame  has dr appointment this saturday 
<propfemale> is doing great and on some allergy meds  so nice to have her back to normal and playful  so thankful! happy monday     
"i have tomorrow off, my gram's 98th birthday! taking her to anglers for scollops, with family  i got her a bunch of balloons too  hope the weather is nice "
looks like all my ice cream pit stops are open!  i love my rides home from work  happy monday 
i love the mini leaves on the trees! love the textured look! life is beautiful everywhere 
mci 30th class reunion- we are looking to find a location closer to pittsfield to hopefully to reduce travel distance for everyone and will keep you update on the event  thank you <propfemale> for your help 
happy friday! yeah and sounds like good weather coming  couldnt believe the hail yesterday 
where does the time go?!  i sometimes can't keep track of what day it is  so if i miss anyone birthday thats part of the reason   smile 
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly into her ear    while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
i am not going outside today unless i have to go to my car to go home  going to be way     too hot  proberbly should have parked closer to exit 
this week went fast since i had monday off and glad it did! busy summer ahead!
looking forward to seeing some of my cousins this weekend 
"fathers day: roses grow in heaven, lord, pick a bunch for me---place them in my dad's arms and tell him they're from me---tell him that i love and miss him and when he turns to smile--place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while--because remembering him is easy--i do it everyday-- there's an ache    within my h   eart that will     never go away!!! copy and paste if your dad is in heaven  see more"
"broken heart         thinking of you!   better days are coming, <propfemale> in there!"
had my mom over for a few days so she could visit with her brother  it was nice to have her company again 
happy birthday to my wonderful sister--- lizzetta   hope you have a great day  love you much sis
starting a new chapter in life after today  life is good! everyone have a great weekend! if you get a <propmale> put your feet in the sand and listen to the waves and feel the breeze 
"mci- class of 1980- reunion at ski pennicle on waverly ave  pittsfield   saturday, august 7th  time is 1 surprise 0-5 surprise 0 pm   letter will be following soon   looking forward to see everyone soon "
30th class reunion for mci 28 days away  looking forword to seeing everyone  thank you to <propfemale> and <propfemale> for your help 
life is good!
i finally  have internet at home hurray  hello everyone  smile 
check out the beautiful full <propfemale>
"need to add another day to the week, too much to do and not enough time or start taking no doze "
august already!
having cucumber soup today  yummy   
"mci class reunion tomorrow, very excited for the get together! family reunion on sunday on carls side! have a great weekend everyone   smile "
"i loved you the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love even more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you & to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child(ren) you make a conscious    decision to allow your heart to walk around   outside your body  put this on your status, if you have children you love more than life "
"had a great time at the class reunion, great to see everyone  thank you to those who help made it successful!!"
k!!! trying to download photos from reunion  haven't figured out how to do it  grrrrrrrr!
"ok, i struggled, challenged, cursed (a little) and finally persevered and overcome and posted photos "
thoughts and prayers go to my aunt <propfirst> and family  my uncle <propfirst> <propmale> pasted away on aug  20 just minutes before got to their house  he pasted quickly and no longer suffering 
the oddest thing happened at my fire pit @ camp  a frog actually jumped into the fire  i tried to get to him before he got to close and didn't make it in time   sad 
has learned that people visiting your campfire might also be related to you  how awesome!!
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, there is no cure and it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a helping hand "
alright enough of the heat     will have to go all white warerobe and get the unbrella out to avoid the sun  i want fall    
"heading to bar harbor and doing a wedding tomorrow, hoping hurricane <propmale> goes out to sea  but hope i see some good high suft from all this weather, what great pics they would be  looking forward to a nice long weekend "
"\friendship: enjoy the similarities  respect the differences \"""""
"awesome couple of days  weather cleared in time for the wedding  yeah!!! bar harbor has a beautiful mini golf course with waterfalls and boat, wish i had time to take pictures  the inn i stayed at was awesome, i had my own deck on the 3rd floor and a bed you need a ladder to climb into, but so comfortable and fell asleep to ocean breeze and rain, and someone sneezing for over an hour "
"thinks it's better to be hated for being yourself , than loved for pretending to be someone else  (thank you <propfemale> for the quote, its a great one)"
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer "
thankful for my wonderful life and those who are in it 
full <propfemale> tonight! i love them   don't need the street light to walk   smile 
happiness is not a destination it is a method of life  -<propmale> hills
"to my sons   it seems like just a little while ago you raised your <propfemale> head and smiled at me for the first time and i smiled back with tears  i loved you so much then  though you are older now, living your dreams, pursing your own goals  i still look at you beautiful smile to know that things are all right with you and i am so proud of you and i love you even more now  ~ anonymous"
it's mommies week!! post this with the date you became a mom for the first time   1 17 85 and he was late  smile 
"we make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give"
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as thier status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, atleast for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it "
is married to the most wonderful man
"vicks, advil, <propfemale> ale, cough drops, chapstick,  soft pillow and comforter  looks like a repeat tomorrow   "
"yea, sure, will, working on it, in a minute, after this, no problem, on it      what was it you wanted?"
"used a circular saw today without supervision      there was not a drop of blood when the project was completed  still successful (not real straight, but good enough)"
watching cujo- haven't seen it in a long time 
"went through a bunch of 45 records yesterday  really neat to think back, what difference from the cd's  the old pics on the sleeves  i might have to try them out on the old record player  goes good with rainy days  smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zr laugh m985yyus"
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr wahtoerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
take a walk through frosty grass leaving footprints ~ dove chocolate quote
whisper in the dark
happy thanksgiving everyone! hope you have a wonderful day with family and friends 
"thank you <propmale> for sharing this information  \when\you are filling out your christmas cards this year, maybe you'll \consider sending one to our american heroes recovering from war wounds \at <propfirst> <propmale> army hospital  here's the address: holiday mail for \heroes   po box 5456, capitol heights, md 20791-5456 "
"i have a list of folds i know, all written in a book, and every year when christmas comes, i go and take a look  that is when i relize there names are all a part, not of the book they're written in, but of my very heart  ~"
"for each name stands for someone who has crossed my path sometime, and in that meeting they've become the rhythm in each rhyme  while it may sound fantastic for me to make this claim, i really feel that i'm composed of each remembered name  ~"
"and while you may not be aware of any special link, just meeting you has changed my life much more that you may think  for once i've met somebody, the years cannot erase  the memory of a pleasent word or of a friendly face  ~"
"so, never think my christmas cards are just a merer routine of names upon a christmas list, forgotten in between  for when i send a christmas card that is addressed to you, it's because you're on the list of folks i'm endeared to ~"
"for i am but a total fo the many folks i've met, and you happen to be one of those i prefer not to forget  whether i have known you for many years or few, in some way you have had a part in shaping things i do ~"
"and every year when chrismas comes i realize anew, the best gift life can offer is meeting folds like you  so may the spirit of chrismas that forevermore endures  leaving its riches blessings in the hearts of you and yours  have a <propfemale> chistmas!! wink *"
"didn't do what i planned, but did what i didnt plan  love it when plans change in the fun direction "
my computer is out of order
"<propfemale> christmas to everyone, hope you had a great day!!"
"just checking in, computer not fixed yea  hope everyone is having a great day and happy birthday to my <propfirst>"
"don't play with big ice sickles over your head, it can cause a head injury  they dont taste as good as they did in my childhood  i am ok thou  smile "
happy birthday to my wonderful mom!  love you much
holy roof shoveling!  wishing my boys were around   smile   good workout for sure 
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, your wonderful people   i'm having a great day!  just tell mother nature no more snow for now would be a great gift  smile "
"thank you for the  birthday wishes!  the dairy <propfemale> opens today, hurray!"
"class of 1980: reminder, class notes due this month"
so looking forward to spring weather!!!!
