2cf2ac9193d720d75355c0955a376f6b
just made my new facebook!  smile  ppl add me! lol
liking face book so far   playful 
at work and i had to cart push for an hour and fifteen mins! and now i'm getting weird looks cause it smells like i don't shower! what a great day!
when god hands you lemons    you find a new god!!!
everytime i walk past the whole fucking rack in walmart of i  love  <propfirst> beiber shirts when goin to work i lose faith in man kinda and die a little inside at the same time 
so my mom ran over my foot when i went to jump in the truck   ow
if a watermelon were to fall on your head how many ferrets would it take to blow up an elephant???   playful 
this town is like a fucking black hole! it sucks the life out of me everyday! i feel nothing but pain and sadness if i left would anyone even miss me???                  i didn't think so  i'm gtfo!!!
usmc!!!
damn i need a girl friend    sick of being so lonely            sad 
<propfirst> like everyone is like
fucking hate facebook on my phone that last status was a fail
what's with all the <propfirst>? like everyone is saying stuff like 426: how u been or 108: what's up and i don't understand!
<propfemale> i comletly agrees haha and my phone sucks i need a computers haha
is counting down the days till i can leave this terrible place and never come back   i just want to start new   
two words: fuck sterling!    that's all i have to say
here's to <propmale> <propmale> of the usmc on behalf of everything you and the beloved corps does for this country me and the rest of <propfemale> thank you more than you know! r i p  hoorah!
so i bought a new computer! its bad ass!!!  laugh  and im set and ready to go to njc at semester! one step closer to joining the marines!!!!
bah humbug! lol jk <propfemale> christmas everyone! lol
cant wait for the marines!!! hope they let me be a pilot! that would be amazing!
"fuck <propmale>! i wanna leave for basic already!\usmc!!!"
so whats ur new years resolution ppl?
one step closer to the marines!
this is cruel and unusual employment    
so sick of this damn town cant wait to be a <propfemale>! then i never have to come back to hell!!!
another all nighter of working then goin to class all day sleeping for like 4 hours then work again! yay! love my life!      
y is it that girls never give the good guy a <propmale> even though thats what they say they want???
cant wait to get outta <propmale> into the marines! inching closer everyday! gonna start training and getting into tip top shape! in a few months ill be ready to go!  laugh 
i was out late country cruising with my cousin <propfirst> we were going about 40-45 mph up a slight hill on a dirt road we get to the top of the hill and there was a dear right in the middle of the road  we missed the dear but hit a pole! my car is now all sorts of fucked up! we r fine thankfully but my car is probly done for! im so fucking screwed! remember ppl accidents happen to everyone thats y they r accidents! fml
end of the summer and im gone! cant wait! but till then school work and training! some exciting life right?
just set up my tweet deck! not sure what to think yet! also making lots of progress with my team beachbody coaching!
