89ad9bac656283e016431f8e8e460bbf
is enjoying her favorite wine and building a gingerbread house w  her favorite man named <propfirst>   smile 
yay! happy new years!!!!
"ram installation was a success!    except apparently apple puts magnetic things near the logic board, so when i went to screw in the last screw, it got sucked into the computer where all the logical parts are   annoyed  it better not vibrate a hole through the logic board    but anyway things are running twice as fast now! yes! *highfive*"
"felt lonely in church today   sad  congregation was a good size, she supposes  had just a few singers, but no guitar or flute  at least <propmale> was there on the drums helping her out (keeping her on beat and providing some very nice accompaniment  smile  )"
"is tiiiired  x x but she wants sushi and bubble tea! don't know where she's going to get that tea, though   "
"enjoys keeping the technology lab at a comfortable 69°f  not only does it keep the computers from overheating, but it feels good when it gets too hot outside, it feels better than the rest of the stuffy school, and it keeps most other people out because "
"is exhausted, but she must keep going! onward! to choir practice! (if only church weren't 20-25 mins away   )"
"saw the transformers movie! since it was in an imax theatre, she assumed that it would be in 3d     she was very disappointed, but the movie was still awesome anyway  ;p"
loves pop rocks! yeah!
is shocked to find out that <propfirst> mays died! nooooo!!!!! i liked that guy!  crying 
got a new phone! yay! now to find a cover for it   
is now a nature photographer! haha    i'll upload the pics i caught of the teeny-tiny frogs and the dragonflies after i upload some others  chronological order ftw!
"is excited about a new job opportunity that has sprung up! it's just a few years in the making, but if i talk to the right people now, i just might have a secure job later  b-)"
"thought she was only halfway done w  her research paper, but then discovered that her paper needed to be double-spaced and word had it single-spaced the entire time! haha    instant finish! now she just needs to edit it, write the intro and conclusion, an"
"has so much pent-up energy she doesn't know what to do  and if talking is supposed to help fix things, then why isn't it working? there are so many things whirling around in her head  she is so confused "
"had a great time with all her friends yesterday, as well as today! i love you all!!!  joyful "
"had a good day hanging out w  hers and <propfirst>'s families  however, it would be for the benefit of <propfirst>'s clothes if <propfirst> would not jump out at her from behind beds anymore   "
"had a fun, but exhausting, day at horseshoe bend national park! pics to come    sometime!  wink "
had a great time tonight hanging w  her family  it's great to see everyone every once and a while!  smile 
is finally finished with summer classes! yay! now if only financial aid for the upcoming year would come in so she could sleep easier   
"had a good first day back at work  now, to enjoy the sushi she and  <propfirst> are going to have soon     smile "
"went shopping at <propmale> <propfemale>'s today for work clothes because her mom told her they were having a huge sale  there were 70% off sales racks everywhere  she bought 12 articles of clothing that would have normally amounted to $406  but she got them for    $115! yeah, baby!"
is operating on her first computer of the school year  hooray for bad power supplies!
"is pondering which way to take to get to the cheesecake factory at cumberland mall  675 to 285, 675 to 75, or 20 to 75    hmm   "
"is recovering from her freak-out  some kind of huge <propfemale> ant-thing with wings and a stinger flew into her room and straight at her  while she was trying to get it off of her, it stung her and during the struggle to kill it, her macbook fell off the bed and onto the floor   sad  however, she made sure to flush the <propfemale> and tend to her own wounds before making sure her laptop was okay (and it is    so far) "
just had her first class of the semester  it's good to see some of the people i know again   smile 
"thinks that the fitness center on campus is really nice  she will definitely bring a lock for her locker, though, next time  ;p"
should have bought her class books before classes started     annoyed 
"is trying hard not to fall asleep  oh, portfolio presentation class, why must you be so boring?"
"is so *tired* and it is causing her problems  urgh     she just wants to fall asleep, but she still has two more classes to sit through "
"is so tired  x x there have been a lot of things happening recently  today it is: my car is at the toyota dealer for a repair, and it took our group an hour and a half to install fedora on one of the older (crappy) machines in the networking lab  urggggggggg            "
is frustrated! urgh    people     am i really that easy of a target to pick on? i should've been a music <propmale>   
is definitely not liking this sinus-sickness-thing she has   sad 
wishes she had selective hearing    hearing people chew their food is disgusting!
"only went into wal*mart for some gym shorts, but came out with a black dress and a pair of black heels, too  o o"
is conquering actionscript 3 0! yeeeeessss!!!
left her cell phone at home  argh!
is freezing! why is it so cold in all of the buildings on campus?
is waiting for the last computer to finish updating so she can go home   
"had an awesome, exhausting, time at japan fest w  bri, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!!"
believes that algorithms will be the end of her  x x
just killed a huge cockroach that was in the bathroom  she threw her shoe at it and now there are cockroach guts all over the floor  eww!
"wasn't going to say anything, but    csu doesn't need to be doing construction in on the parking lots while classes are in session  it's hard enough to find a parking space, and now you've shut down 2+ double-rows of parking   "
15  5|_||*3|2  |-|4><><0|27_!!!1!!1!
"believes \it's a wonderful day for pie!\"""""
"is so tired  x x well, at least i know most of my midterm grades  now to work some more on that <propfemale> project  "
"is excited, because she's going to make waffles!! yaay!"
has fallen in love w  keroro gunsou!!  love 
is eeeeeee!!!!! * joyful * i did *much* better on my hci midterm than i thought i did! too bad my final grade isn't as great because i didn't turn in my 1st h w    d'oh!
is helping configure the new netbooks for our mobile lab  external cd dvd drives that attach via usb are so cute!  smile 
actually felt relieved to pay the bills this morning  that's one more thing she marked off her 'list' 
"just submitted her hci homework  if she can figure out how to e playful ort her <propfemale> program, then she will post it here on facebook "
is exhausted  x x dealing w  middle schoolers wears her out 
   it feels weird to be playing wow again after such a long break     annoyed \
just wants to fall asleep and forget all her worries  *sigh*
"is getting things done, a little at a time "
got her halloween costume  pics up soon   wink 
is hanging out with history students  what-what?
feels a little sick to her stomach  maybe she ate her lunch too quickly  x x
"is frustrated! this job *really* isn't supposed to be that hard, but the stupid network is making things difficult "
"is finished!!! configuring 30 mini-laptops in two days was *crazy*  if she wasn't the <propfemale> of keyboard shortcuts, she sure is now "
is exhausted  x x working out when you're angry seems to take your mind off of how heavy the weights are   
is playing songs on her keyboard   love 
"swears that most people on the interstate must believe that they're in a video game  ummm    if you wreck a car, you don't just instantly get to \try again \"""""
loves her new hair color!! * joyful * it's a very pretty reddish-brown 
does not want to go into networking  holy crap  
does not appreciate the fact that her ethics portfolio class is full of barbaric heathens 
"even though she had a rough day, a nice meal at the end of everything almost makes up for it all   smile "
left her coat in the car  brrrrr     
"had an absolutely wonderful time with kindergarten in the technology lab today! we had them draw self-portraits in tux paint, and we saw some of the most creative results!"
"is back from new echota  it was a cool place to visit, but she's tired now  x x"
thinks that limpy bacon is delicious  mmm     flavor   love 
"has a few things on her mind: -is there a reason why people drive 30 mph on <propmale> pkwy? -how did i get to class so early w  said drivers and police cars crawling that hwy? -why do people keep staring at me? -i really want a hot chocolate w  whipped cream, but i don't really need it right now "
still has her headache  x x
"just freaked herself out trying to plan her class schedule for next (final) semester  she knows she's taking algorithms 2 and the internship class, but she has to take 2 other upper division level courses  there are only 2 classes available to her due to her course history  and those two classes fall right before and after algorithms 2  and they're both e-commerce classes  not bad  everything is going to be okay "
totally left her phone at home  @_@
"is trying to figure out what's wrong with her code  oh, quicksort, you're not supposed to be that difficult   "
didn't realize that today is friday the 13th! w00t!
is listening to the open door ep from death cab for cutie and she's lovin it!  joyful 
"is wondering how \rock lobster\"" by the b-52's got in her itunes  """
needs to be more motivated  x x
"has a song stuck in her head: fighting crime, trying to save the world, here they come just in time, the powerpuff girls    * joyful *"
likes this new shirt  it make me look smokin' hott!! rofl
is studying for her allllllllgorithms test  heap-sort rocks!
"doesn't know what to say  she's exhausted and feels as if the world is against her  she's trying not to get too upset about it, but it's hard "
"thought that she was getting her take-home exam today, but he's not giving those out 'till later! crap!!"
just spent 20 mins at mcd's because someone pulled out of line in the drive-thru and orders got mixed up as a result  drive-thru customers: don't pull out of line!! back booth employees: repeat the order before having the customer pay  drive-thru customers: make sure the employee in back booth (the 1st window) repeats your order before you pay! x x
is cleaning up the den 
found her old binder full of anime game sheet music while cleaning the den! score!!!
"found the old playstation, wild arms, <propfemale> ocean2, nuclear strike, need for speed2, and all of her old hand-written cheat codes  lol if she didn't have to clean like a mad woman, she'd be playing up a storm right now   love "
is pretty sure her hands will smell like soft scrub forever   
"had a good workout at the gym  she's back on campus and was just going to play wow till her next class, but since she's sitting somewhere where no one can look over her shoulder, she thinks she'll draw something instead "
is making peanut butter pie  yummy!
is now making homemade cranberry relish  yum yum yum! p s  fresh cranberries are taaaart! woo!
wishes everyone a happy beginning of advent!
"took one look at her networking h w and had to walk away  her excuse is now \lunch\"""""
"is working on her hci project, so if you're looking for her, you probably won't find her "
"saw a folded-up index card in her chair when she walked into hci  she wondered what it would say  she picked it up, and it said \caucasian\"" lol!"""
"had a practical lab exam, worked on two projects, and presented those two projects today  she is a wreck! @_@"
knows one more use for duct tape: installing windows on a <propfemale> 
is disappointed that the duct tape has failed her   sad  guess she's just going to have to replace that cd drive 
"is feeling pretty cruddy w  her sinuses clogged up and everything, but the chat she had w  a kindergartener about transformers really brightened her day  she loves this job   smile "
has an enormous headache  and she still has work to do!
"finished her algorithms final  oh, that was so nerve-wracking! one down, one more to go "
got an a in algorithms! holy crap!! yay!!!
"is now done with all classes and finals and projects for this semester! she's free as a bird until mid-january! and speaking of birds, she's got to go revise a little bird's paper now    ;p"
"thinks that if it's going to rain, it should just go ahead and snow   wink "
is watching the latest <propfemale> trek movie w  <propfirst>  yay!  smile 
"turned in all of the paperwork for her internship class, and watched the professor register her for it  is she allowed to quit worrying about stuff now and just chill? d: cuz this weekend was all about her freaking out about stuff "
"is dead tired, but wanted to come to work for the cookie social we're having later  cooooookies      "
"spent her day at work making a gingerbread house w  her fellow staff members, fixing up the library computer, pigging out on cookies, and is about to work on something in photoshop  it's been a good day   smile "
"just came back home from christmas shopping w  <propfirst>  time for a little nap, then off to choir practice later "
wishes her subconscious would quit making her have scary creepy dreams when she decides to sleep in  it's freaking her out!!
"is sad because her power supply finally gave out   sad  she ordered a new one, but hopefully it will be here soon  she thinks apple makes wonderful computers, but manufactures the most awful power supplies "
"just saw an enormous tin of gingersnaps in the kitchen  has christmas come early? oooooooh, yes  she thinks it has  > smile "
is happy because her new power supply came in the mail! (supposedly last night???) and it's christmas <propfemale>! yaay!  joyful 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!  smile "
"just figured out what was in that gigantic box that mom wrapped for her for christmas! she was trying to fall asleep, and the answer just sprung to her out of nowhere  nobody is awake to share this revelation with, so she decided to tell facebook  haha    back to sleep   "
"some people need to remember that being sick for days and stuck in bed makes them a little cranky, especially when they'd rather spend time with certain other people  so watch what you say!"
"is recovering from her miserable sinus problems (infection?)  thank goodness for vitamins, throat lozenges, lots of hot tea, and mom   smile "
just bought some new memory for her laptop  she thought that 2gb would be enough to run a bunch of her favorite applications at the same time  apparently not   
"got a jury summons  thanks a lot, <propfirst> county superior court  you sure know how to end begin a year   "
"drove halfway up her driveway this morning before she realized she forgot to put her contacts in  d'oh! but when she got to work, she was greeted with \liz! thank god she's here!\"" \""oh! she is here today!\""  joyful  appreciation makes ya feel good   smile """
apparently made <propfirst>'s list last semester  cool!
"has hoped for snow since winter began, but she hopes it doesn't snow too hard tomorrow, so her family can fly into town safely  she also hopes the weather will be nice on friday for her grandmother's funeral "
it's snowing!!!  laugh dddddddd
"is getting ready to go to her grandmother's funeral  say a lil prayer for them, especially her grandmother "
is goin to bed  what a day   indecision 
got out of jury duty! woo! hooray for being a student! ;p
"just got back from seeing avatar 3d w  <propfirst>  it was pretty good  seemed a bit like pocahontas w  a liberal agenda, but otherwise okay  the graphics were pretty awesome   smile "
is just tired  x x she thinks she can make it through the rest of the day  at least her classes tomorrow are all grouped together in the evening   smile 
is glad she got to sleep in  it feels good  b )
is just chillin till she has to leave for class 
forgot that going to <propmale> in the evening means dodging pedestrians and fighting over parking spots   annoyed  stupid campus 
"wants to let you know not to go get food at the pizza sub place on campus  they'll tell you that they *just* closed, and then they'll laugh in your face  those ladies have always been rude and disrespectful, but this is a new low "
has a feeling that she won't be able to make it through the day unless she consumes many cups of coffee    x x
"is in ur registry, editing ur login info    b~ "
is feeling extremely unsettled     sad 
is absolutely stressing out  she just really wants to be with <propfirst> right now   crying 
changed her mind  she doesn't want anybody right now   heart-broken 
sleep + bubble bath + zaxby's =  smile 
"is \awwwwww      \"" * joyful * http annoyed  dailysquee com 2010 01 14 cute-baby-animals-bat-buddies """
"saw sherlock holmes with <propfirst> earlier  it was a pretty good movie   smile  also, it's nice when there are only two other people in the theatre  ;p"
is getting ready to go walking w  her family 
is alarmed at how much smoke she sees outside  it's engulfing the neighboring houses like a thin fog  um    she hopes someone's just burning leaves   
is a tired puppy z z
"just got back from goodyear w  dad  tire replacement: success! going to do wii fit for a little while, then call <propfirst> and hope he picks up   laugh   love "
is watching animal cops philadelphia  poor cats    sad 
hash tables make me think of hash browns ;p i'm hungry
"isn't sure if that ringing sound is coming from the computer, the laptop, or her ears   annoyed  or maybe the screen  but not the projector, because i turned that off already "
"logged on to her deviantart account after two years of inactivity  o o! she updated her journal and cleaned up her messages  then she lurked in the mspaintadventures forum for a loooooooong time  once she realized that a lot of the regular posters are way younger than her, she decided to stop  no drama for me, plz  kthxbai"
hates that stupid glad tv commercial! arrrrgggg     go away!
"rain + <propmale> county (drivers) = disaster  also, i wish it were legal to hit pedestrians that try to cross the street when they have a \no walk\"" sign and i'm trying to turn onto the side street at the main intersection  coulda had three points just then   """
is so tired of being talked at  x x at least class ends in 3 mins   
"wonders why, in the shower, not only does she sing songs, but she also dwells upon the stupid things that she's done in her life   annoyed \"
still loves remote desktop! it's nice to update computers w o leaving the chair   smile ))
went to dai loi and got some good food and a bubble tea    and    that's about as good as my night gets   crying 
is getting ready to go out   smile 
is going to have this meditation song in her head all day  haha  
is z z    x x   and  annoyed    where is her coffee??
is learning all sorts of things this morning  *facepalm*
is off to choir practice  see ya!
omg <propfirst> lopez and <propmale> <propfirst> are hosting miss <propfemale>!!!!!!!!! this is amazing!!! ahhhhhh!!!!!!
"holy crap, yami no matsuei is on the \syfy\"" channel! woo!"""
really wants a mini pizza from the food place downstairs  will they be open? will they laugh in my face again? we shall find out in 30 mins!!
is about to leave work and go get her hair cut  look out!
is ready to do some exercise!
<propfirst> sanabria jr i have a headache 
is goin to bed  goodnight!
"has a rocko's modern life song stuck in her head: \you can't fight city haaaaaalllllll        \"""""
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is nothing to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they've been eaten by dragons 
isn't quite sure what to do today   annoyed \
"some people just won't ever learn, even when you spell it out for them   "
took some aspirin  hopefully her day-long headache will let her go to sleep  x x
"just got back from jcpenny with her mom and sister  she got her nice, tall brown boots at 80% off! woo! $20 suede brown boots w  heels are niiice!!  laugh "
"doesn't know about you, but today just feels weird   annoyed \"
wishes they would do some road e playful ansion in the <propfirst> county part of ellenwood  trying to get home from work is another job in itself!
"is on an \an american tail\"" nostalgia kick  she's been watching various clips and songs from the movie on youtube  and don't tell me \""fievel goes west\"" is your favorite  i already know that  it's everybody's favorite  but my true love is the first one   """
is attempting to finish up her homework    annoyed 
"wishes her computer had more than one clipboard area  that would be cool  i love the copy paste shortcuts, but sometimes i want to copy paste more than one message at a time "
"just bought herself some plane tickets  alright! in other news, how the heck do i filter my news feed??"
is not in the mood today     annoyed 
loves her boyfriend!!!  love   love   love 
pretended that she had straight hair this morning   confidential 
"leave it to one person to ruin your day! one person to completely ruin your mood! one person you thought would understand you, but completely threw you out  one person you thought you could count on, and they don't give a crap about you  why do i bother? why is it just one person who makes you feel like crap and throws it back in your face when you're trying to apologize?"
is playing spyro the dragon 2: ripto's rage  nothing is more awesome than spyro 
is going to pretend she has straight hair again today  let's see how it goes   
is tired and ready to go home  x x
"is about to eat lunch  also, she's using her tea-for-one set for the first time  it's so cool!"
"is on the fit fit, and everybody's characters are yawning and sleeping on the welcome screen  lol!"
"doesn't mind the new facebook layout, but she swears that fb is eating some of her friends' wall posts   "
is playing around w  ubuntu  hooray for virtual box!  laugh 
thinks today is going to be just a wee bit awkward   
"fb is blocking all of your friend's newsfeeds status updates etc  except 250 that they randomly choose  to undo go to the homepage, select news feed (most recent), scroll to bottom click \edit options\""  reset 250 to 5000 and you are good to go! repost to help your friends!!"""
is ready to watch the olympic opening ceremonies!
"ugggg       \we are the world\"" is one of my most-hated songs ever   annoyed """
thinks the singing of the canadian national anthem was just beautiful  :')
"just got back home from church  she's 'bout to make some hot tea, cuddle up in the big blanket, and play some spyro "
realized that she's been watching a cake boss marathon! woo-hoo!
is pretty sure her hands are going to wither up and die    she's been touching xbox games  x x
"was briefly thinking of getting back into deviantart, but she doesn't think she can do it   annoyed "
"drove halfway through the neighborhood before realizing she forgot to put her contacts in  d'oh! after driving back and putting them in, she figured she might as well get some food at mcd's since she was already going to be late to class "
is printing out the boarding passes!  smile 
is excited!  laugh 
"is exhausted  x x got up early to go to the airport, flew to ft  worth, took a long taxi ride to the hotel, went out w  mom and dad for lunch and shopping, visited <propfirst> and wil and their new baby, went out to dinner, came back to hospital to visit, finally crashed at their house  hoo, what a day   smile "
"'bout to upload a lot of pics  the new baby pics will be the last batch, though   smile "
is visiting w  her family at the hospital
is tired  x x leaving for the airport in about 1 2 an hour 
"is finally back home from texas, and she is so tired  x x goodnight!"
"has realized that she really likes hot <propfemale> tea  there's a box in the teacher's lounge, but she'll have to buy a box for herself for home "
"believes it takes talent to be on the phone w  your mom, have a heavy stone pizza dish in your hands, ram your <propfemale> into the open dishwasher door, and not drop the breakable dish or yell out an e playful letive  x x"
is so incredibly nervous about her two midterms today  uggg    
"felt so sick this morning, but a hot water bottle and some more sleep really helped out "
"was devouring vienna sausages until she remembered, mid-bite, that she's not supposed to eat meat on fridays   annoyed  uggg     and she's procrastinating on her take-home midterm    double uggg    "
"just had some ramen noodles w o the flavoring packet, and couldn't finish it all  ugh, it was so gross     annoyed "
got her hot <propfemale> tea! kroger stocks it   smile 
just doesn't want to deal w  anything  she's running on very little sleep and lots of pressure 
feels so sorry for <propfirst> and the crap he has to endure in his history of latin <propfemale> class  was reading over some of the posts in their discussion forum and these people are absolute idiots! holy crap!! they need to quit beating around the bush and realize that they're not in engl 1101   
is about to get down to business  urrg    d:
omg i have to write a full-blown business plan??? o o!!!
"would be more upset about this snow, but honestly, it's really saving my butt right now "
wants you to know that she's only in e-commerce security because it fits her schedule   confidential 
"a grilled cheese sandwich, a 1 4 of an avocado, and a glass of moscato  what a good end to a very, very stressful day "
did some minor surgery on her ipod  hooray for pliers!
apologizes if you've tried to call her today  she left her phone at home   sad 
is feeling bleh   sad  she thinks she's going to draw for a while 
is hoping that the rough start this morning doesn't mean the rest of the day is going to be weird and horrible   sad 
"had a good time w  <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale>, and co  at the <propfemale> aquarium and world of coke  she drove one of the cars up there and sincerely hopes she never has to drive in downtown atl ever again  awful awful awful    also, please don't ever go to the ga aquarium  go to the tennessee aquarium   please  you'll definitely get your money's worth "
"is packing for her trip up to kentucky w  <propfirst> <propfirst> to go and see brionna brown for a week  she's really missed her bri-head, even if she hasn't said so   sad "
is reading the first twilight book on brionna brown's kindle  the kindle is really cool! she just hopes the internet doesn't kick her out for reading twilight 
"is watching dr  who w  brionna brown and <propfirst> <propfirst>  never seen it before, so this should be fun   smile "
is about to go to the natcher and read twloha  (feel free to read this with an intense southern accent)
"is soooo fulll     x x friday's, why must your food be so delicious?"
"starbucks, ghirardelli, and sushi  yum yum yum!"
"was going to upload some more pics from ky, but she'll prolly wait four months like she usually does   "
made it home about 30 mins ago  yay! my bed!  love 
drove all the way to her job this morning only to discover that there was no work today  the parking lot containing no cars really tipped her off  she is feeling very unappreciated right now   sad 
is doing musical stuff  yay! she loves her keyboard   love 
wants everyone to know that she is in class  do not call her 
has two songs stuck in her head simultaneously  as if she's not doing enough right now    lol
"is feeling good  the day started out frustrating, but the kind words of others have really boosted her spirit   smile "
"got back from a day w  the family  ate italian food for lunch, visited the cemetery, then drove past the ole' grandparents' house  she's glad that it's so beautiful outside!"
is going to lock herself in her room   annoyed  ugh    
is tiiired  x x
"just got back from seeing \she's out of my league\"" w  <propfirst> <propmale>  she totally recommends it!  smile """
hates dells  she hates them so much 
is back home from choir practice  her neck hurts so much   crying 
made it to class just in time! yaay!
"just ordered her cap and gown and graduation announcements  she's happy, but her checkbook is crying "
"is resting her head on this one crappy <propfemale>, while she tries to fix this other crappy <propfemale>  oh, why does this hardware have to fail all the time?? x x"
does not change her mind based on the whims of 5th graders   
finally bought some medicine  yay! hope it works   
is watching azumanga daioh w  <propfirst> <propmale>   laugh  tooo funny!
is finally moving out  omg  she's so nervous excited!
"has \there are no cats in america  \"" and \""hakuna matata\"" running through her head  is she really that stressed out? d:"""
has been given the great pleasure of disassembling an ipod touch  awesome 
thinks she finally finished this h w assignment  probably  possibly  maybe  hopefully 
"is watching \it's me or the dog\"" and she realized that this episode is the one that sparked that viral video    the one where stains the dog is resisting a tray of cupcakes and is staring at it painfully   laugh """
has been waiting on two calls today  argh! so agonizing  i bet they'll call during my classes 
pulled out her capris and flip flops  yup  it's spring 
is getting ready to go to church 
just registered for csu's graduation ceremony! hooray!  laugh 
just finished dying some easter eggs   smile 
"just got back from seeing \how to train your dragon\"" and it was so good!"""
sure knows how to start easter on the wrong foot    *sigh* she hopes it doesn't show in mass in the morning   sad 
"is getting ready for church  happy easter, everybody!!"
"loves her easter dress, but it's also nice to put on some capris and a t-shirt after it's all said and done   wink "
it's so hot outside! time to break out the shorts!
argh! surprise homework!  annoyed 
is sending out her resume    tra-la-la   
thinks facebook is acting a little strange   
"thinks the new jell-o commercial song reminds her of the \clarissa e playful lains it all\"" theme """
"isn't going to move out to that apartment after all  (she and <propfirst> are secretly relieved) time to look at some more affordable places, and get our questions straight before we commit to anything!"
"just received her cap and gown! hooray! thanks, ups guy   smile "
hates presenting in front of people  bleh  she gets so nervous  x x
"just heard the best phrase of the year: \it's a botanical homicide!\"""""
"is tired of people telling me not to move out! just stop it! i've got a job, i'm graduating soon, i'm going to get a better job, i can support myself! people act like i haven't been thinking this through, but i can't help but *not* think about it every single day  i know you're worried about me, and thank you for thinking about me, but you're just lecturing me like a kid and it's really annoying "
moose tracks ice cream = awesome  love 
is watching the family guy-star wars episode! yess! so funny!  laugh 
is playing her keyboard 
"is making waffles, with whipped cream and strawberries on top! who wants some??  laugh "
wishes she could block out all distractions   annoyed  she can't concentrate!!
gets to brave a certain stretch i-75 at this time of day  wish me luck! @_@
is watching <propfemale> play bayonetta  what  the  heck 
class = a welcome distraction
"just applied for a job via monster com, and got rejected 19 minutes later  is this a world record?"
is installing windows 7 on her virtual box  yaay!
hates driving home in heavy fog in the night  good night 
"swears that some people have the midas touch  but instead of turning things to gold, they cause computers to crash "
omg why is this hard drive knocking at me??? nooooooo!!!!!
was recently presented with a job opportunity and is extremely excited! time to take another look at the resume and maybe write a cover letter 
"facebookers fb is at it again   violating your personal information: as of today, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck \""allow\""  please copy & repost"""
"just learned two things: <propfirst> pattinson was born exactly a year before she was (does not like!), and he played <propmale> diggory in the <propmale> potter movies  *sigh* why does she learn these random facts before trying to fall asleep?"
   and now i learn that <propmale> quinto (sylar from heroes) played spock in the latest <propfemale> trek movie  x x my poor brain  how is it that i'm learning all my cleb news from http annoyed  roflrazzi com
went to hp when she meant to go to toshiba   annoyed  wake up!
"dislikes toshiba support at the moment   annoyed  or, at least, she doesn't like that one guy she talked to   "
likes listening to songs from the 60s and 70s  it makes her happy   smile 
has too many things on her mind  why     ?
was glad that she was able to jam out to lit this morning 
"has too many thoughts running through her head again  x x can we just skip forward to graduation, please?"
is wondering where her headphones are     annoyed 
"picked up her tickets for graduation! yay! oh, she also picked up a <propfemale> jam cd at the school bookstore  double yay!!"
"is ready to get this crazy day over with  she finished up most of her internship stuff, but is working on the gantt chart now  also, it's discouraging to try and teach a computer lesson to children who won't stop talking, no matter what  also, it's interesting to see what students will search for in google images when they think nobody's looking      "
"is trying to play tales of phantasia on her gba sp, and it is very frustrating   annoyed "
"is trying to finish her notecards, but her keyboard is luring her   "
"is glad that the rain kept people off of the interstates on her way to and from work today  now, if only they would stay off      wink "
"set her facebook language to \leet speek\"" and it  is  awesome!!!1!!1!"""
"oh yeah, one exam down, one more to go! then graduation on saturday! w00t!"
is getting ready to leave to take her last final  then    graduation on saturday!
"is relieved   smile  she's turned in everything she needed to turn in for her classes, and taken all her tests  she actually knows for certain two of her final grades, (and probably knows what she made in the other two classes, too)  this semester is over! it honestly feels unreal "
is getting ready to leave for graduation! she's so excited!
is now a <propmale> state university graduate! pics will be up soon 
is hanging out w  <propfirst>  yay!  smile 
"bought those magic hangers you see on tv (at the \as seen on tv\"" store at the mall) and she loooooves them! she now has more closet space!  laugh """
"just received about 30 hand-made cards from the 4th grade class, congratulating me on graduating and telling me they'll miss me  :')"
is a birthday girl!  laugh 
wishes she had some mushrooms to put in her ramen   crying 
wishes a certain lady gaga song would get out of her head   annoyed  argh!
"had the pleasure of watching degrassi jr  high at bri's house all afternoon evening  one-and-a-half seasons down, a few more to go!"
is watching bri make sims of everybody  hehe   smile 
just hopes today goes well at work and otherwise  she hopes to keep her stress and worry level down  she also hopes this heavy rain keeps people off the interstates 
"just wants to go to bed and sleep, sleep, sleep  x x"
won a game of pool for the first time ever! yess!  laugh 
"is exhausted, but had a great time hanging out w  friends  who knew you could get sunburned already? ;p"
"is doing laundry  it's nice to get clothes <propmale> up in the closet, especially when i can arrange them by color   wink "
"if you want something so bad, you should get up and get it yourself  on a slightly related note, i have a job interview in the morning "
is about to play some guitar hero 3   laugh 
is going to draw for a little bit
is  annoyed 
is baking cookies   smile 
is almost done cleaning her room  she's not quite sure where to put the rest of this stuff   
just got back from seeing <propfirst> hood  it was excellent!  love 
"is feeling good about current job affairs  ;p she's chillin w  brionna brown for the rest of the day, though "
"got the job! ladies and gentlemen, you are now looking at the new computer specialist for <propfemale> cancer specialists!"
"wonders if it's okay to pass out from exhaustion, heat, confusion, and embarrassment now   ?"
is going to relax for a bit   smile 
is making network cables
starts her new job tomorrow! she is both excited and nervous   smile 
"had a good first day at work! everyone was super nice, and i look forward to going in tomorrow "
has sore feet  she needs to find some more comfortable heels   
actually saw spinners on a really nice car today  interesting   
is so glad it's saturday!! hooray for sleeping in  wink 
just saw the karate kid  it is so good! she hasn't been so attached to movie characters for a long time  the movie's build up of anticipation is perfect! she was cheering for dre the entire time   smile 
is actually *really* looking forward to going to work tomorrow  lol some holiday    ;p
"as annoying as the interstate commute to work may be, nothing raises my blood pressure like surface-street drivers  at least on the interstate you can get into another <propfirst> in order to avoid people  you're just stuck on the surface streets  i can deal with being stuck in traffic because of high volumes of cars  i can't tolerate the stupidity of one person blocking the flow of traffic because they're going 30 in a 45 "
"is leaving for dad's smoky bones birthday dinner  woo-hoo, barbecue!  laugh "
got her hands on the lord of the rings books  time to read!    after i finish inkheart  ;p
"saw inception last night w  <propfirst> and it was fantastic! the concepts and the action were so original, she's still excited!"
just realized she left her vanilla coke in the car   crying  nooooo!!!!
needs to start packing for florida  ugg   she hates packing  x x
finally got access to the internet to tell you that she's at panama city until sunday  and she's already burned her legs   smile 
is home from panama city! first thing's first    gotta check the fb games  ;p
made it home after a frustrating and stressful day  the worst part of today: driving to canton from work w  a very vague idea of where she's going w  a gps that seems to work 1 2 the time    then driving back home to ellenwood  x x
"admits that her day was kinda bad, but her evening was fantastic! how can she stay sour when her boyfriend surprised her w  sushi for dinner?  love "
looooves <propmale> n' cheese!
"is having a pleasant day  slept in a little, went w  the family to church to get pictures taken for the church directory, brought home <propfirst>'s wings for lunch, and now lounging around, enjoying her alone time "
made chocolate chip cookies with the help of <propfirst> <propmale>! (he bought the dough)  wink 
it's turtle time!
"is watching back to the future part 2 for the first time ever, and she thinks it's terrible  part 3 is her favorite part ever!"
"had a busy day! drove to macon and back for work-related stuff, had sushi and saw vampires suck w  <propfirst> <propmale> and ephiny jones, and got stuck behind a driver going 25mph on the main road while driving back to my house "
is making blackberry pancakes w  aunt jemima mix  yumyum!
is gettin ready to go to dragon*con!!  laugh 
"had a good time at dragon*con this weekend! she's tired and sore, but she had fun   smile "
"is upset because her camera broke yesterday during dragon*con  she gets a lens error and she's researched how to fix it, but nothing's worked  so, it's time for plan b    disassemble it!  laugh "
is all sorts of tired    and has too much on her mind  she's so glad she has this night to herself to relax 
is watching <propfirst> play mass effect  hmm    i guess it is more than just another first-person shooter   
"no matter how stressed out or tired she is, playing the piano makes her feel so much better   smile "
"has seen both sunrise and sunset on the atlanta interstates because of her job  also, if anyone wanted to know, it's 141 0 <propmale> one-way from blairsville to her house "
"told <propfirst> that halo odst is \violent shooting crap \"" but she has been told that she is wrong    it is \""*quality* violent shooting crap \"""""
"is moving out! woo! she's moving into an apartment complex on 10 2 that's on the same street as her job  so instead of driving an hour both ways while fighting i-285 interstate traffic 5 days a week, she can drive less than a minute down the street  or even walk!  laugh "
"was going to make a grilled cheese, but saw that there was no more bread  so she substituted w  crepes instead  turned out kinda burnt and limpy, so she took it off the stove and added some sliced <propfemale> tomatoes, <propmale> pesto, and swiss cheese on top  she now has the most delicious homemade pizza ever!"
"has been sick with sinus problems the past few days   sad  but she went to church this morning anyway and she made it through alright! yay! she was sure to wipe down the keyboards w  disinfectant wipes, though "
"took care of the cable internet, the electric, the renter's insurance, got the gate remotes, gonna pick up the keys tomorrow, signed the lease     it's time to move on saturday!"
moving day!!  laugh 
"is at her new apartment and loves it! however, she won't get internet tv in her unit till saturday  > playful "
has to start getting used to cooking on an electric stove   
dang these tenants are loud    do they think they're the only people here?
is cookin up croissants and sausage links  yum yum!
has to wait till next saturday to get tv internet installed    *grumble*
is clipping out coupons  snipsnipsnip!
spent most of the day at the fayetteville clinic  their new office is gorgeous!
had a really awful and crappy day at work  she's off to the exercise room for stress relief 
finally got tv and internet set up in her apartment! wooo!!
cable tv is awesome!  surprise  watching a train concert     love 
"why does there always have to be that one jerk in the office whose mission in life is to make your day miserable?  annoyed  i don't need any more stress in my life, thank you very much "
"just watched the wow cataclysm cinematic intro and thought it was kinda meh    *shrug* it's a nice piece of animation and i really like the quality and detail, but other than that it's nothing special    annoyed \"
is watching good burger   laugh dd she loves the 90s!  love 
did the thing where you throw a watermelon off of the roof and watch it splat! it was spectacular!    except it was with a printer and off her collapsable handtruck  8-b
"today is a day of doing  went to the drs, went to kroger, got my emissions done  need to make lunch, do the laundry, and clean the kitchen "
is cooking spaghetti for dinner! yumyum
somebody close to me thinks i watch jersey shore  i am deeply offended 
finally switched all her wachovia stuff over to wells fargo  she feels like a dirty rotten traitor   crying 
"is fighting the urge to eat something! every time she lays down in her bed to go to sleep she gets hungry, and it's frustrating   annoyed "
being able to go home for lunch (and change clothes so she can be warmer) = awesome!
"just got back from mass at the new church  the building is beautiful and the choir is great, but there were children *everywhere*  the non-stop chatter kinda killed the reverence    if she doesn't make the 8:15 mass next sunday, she'll be going to the 11 smile 0 "
<propfemale> the spyyyyyyyy!  love   love   love 
just worked out that the wow sad ataclysm beta invite email she received was a phishing attack   crying  she is extremely disappointed 
is baking pork chops with <propfirst>  yum!
had a great time at the legion in smyrna tonight! those veterans and their spouses sure know how to party! *dance* * clap* *spin around*
"had a really crappy day today  let's see if movies on dvr help me feel better  first up, saturday night fever!"
spoke with a friendly customer support rep! awesome sauce  found out that she can manage her dvr from the internet  infinite awesome sauce!!!
"is watching \the man in the iron mask\"" for the first time  why isn't the <propmale> (<propfirst> dicaprio) spea<propmale> in an accent like everyone else?  annoyed \ it kinda sucks """
"finally saw the movie inkheart after finishing the book months ago  despite how facts and events were changed to fit the movie scene, it was still a wonderful and amazing movie  she recommends it, even if you have read the book  ;p"
woooooah! a 3d yogi bear movie!
watched a solid two hours of futurama and now everything she reads in her head sounds like professor farnsworth   annoyed  oddly fitting while reading a history paper   
is frustrated  ugh    she doesn't deserve to be treated like this at work 
woke up freeeeezing this morning! now she's got her hoodie on and is devouring a bowl of oatmeal     and she also turned the heat back on  ;p
made gingerbread cookies!  laugh 
got her bangs trimmed after work  she feels pretty again   wink 
has been on and off the road since about 12 smile 0 b c of work  now she's headed to stockbridge for some off-the-clock fun 
"has so many fave childhood cartoons, she doesn't know which char to pick! we'll leave up sailor neptune for now   smile "
is about to drive down to stockbridge to get her copy of wow cataclysm!!! she is sooooooooo excited!!!  laugh dd
"woooah, lookit all the snow! i mean, it probably won't amount to much, but it's so pretty!  smile "
felt the need to start exercising a little and cook healthy meals  it's nice that there are guides for such things online   smile  now she's feelin the burn and her italian rotini dish is delicious!
got the day off of work! happy snow day!
"is enjoying her two days off of work  looks like the sun is going to come out tomorrow, though "
so    i'm kinda addicted to tumblr    how did this happen?!
"just got a new phone! t-mobile my touch 4g  it is awesome, and so much better than my old flip phone! lol"
"entertaining the folks at my apartment  got the pork loin and veggies in the pressure cooker, as well as the brownies in the oven   smile "
so    tired    x x
having sushi for lunch!  love 
"watching <propfirst> play batman: arkham asylum  after watching joker give batman a free shot at him and batman backed down, she's pretty sure batman has some kind of man-crush on joker  o o??"
at the dmv in <propfirst> springs  boo     
grrr   went to cumming today for my job and had to drive back home during rush hour  it started flurrying on 400 and people freaked out  i thought i'd try to get off and brave the surface streets but that was a very bad idea  i am beyond frustrated and the only thing that will make me happy is comfort food and brownies (which i have)   rant
"just got her new driver's license in the mail and it is uuuuuugly  (oh, and so is the pic) ;p"
at stone mountain park with <propfirst>   smile 
my lunch break is not long enough   crying 
probably should not have gone to work today   
"at a concert waitin for blizzard of ozzy to start! unfortunately, it'll be an hour till the cover bands start playing  d:"
finally at lunch  was trying to work on a project at work and kept getting interrupted by the phone   annoyed 
