10510efb22886fc11b5854cdba30aec2
whats all the hub-bub about
went a little quiz spastic!  lol
"(4u sis  love ya)  hey, everyone! never doubt for a minute that every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  you can't choose family but  you can choose friends! as iron sharpens iron so does a friend sharpen another"
<propfemale> wars display opening at u s  space & rocket center:  can't wait to go see it!
i pledge alleigance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands one nation under god indivisble with <propfemale> and justice for all     god bless our men and women defending us and our way of life!
kids    we love em   right    i mean we should    right??? no matter what    seriously          sometimes the toughest job in the world  but there worth it      i guess?!
back from a 4 day trip to ft  hood  nice to see old friends again!
where did the years go?    i know i set them down here somewhere  maybe they fell behind the couch! have to remember to check there when i get home 
"well, looks like i found all those year i though were missing  they were cleverly disguised as pounds on my big ass!!"
is stressed
stress is gone  we won our contract for the next 3 years  my baby gets to finish her highschool here!
had a long week  glad to be back at home 
great game for the bears today!
"happy vetrans day! huntsville's parade had over 50,000 attending! thanks for supporting our men and women in uniform!"
go bears! 700 franchise wins (16-0 vs dolphins)    most wins of any team in nfl history!!!!
i am glad for today  my mom is starting to feel a little better   your in my thought mom ?
what?!! i'm a <propfirst>???  really    really    real?  playful 
i am not even talking to anybody for the next 4 weeks   
yes    i am still a bears fan!
