86567551fa33b2d02b000bb710912895
has a rash on her shins   maybe i'll get sent home from work!!!!
loves the way it smells after it rains!
has to work in 6 hours and is wide awake     ahhhhhh     i need to go to sleep
is feeling really good after her work out   a little sore but in a good way 
could sit outside all night and watch the stars!
has 2 more days until my 4 day weekend followed by 2 more days of work and another day off   the d-side training begins!!!!!!
has decided to take a road trip to see fallingwater this week   i'm going to start doing the things i want to do-even if i have to do them alone!
is going to fallingwater on thursday!!!!!
is taking a mini roadtrip today to <propfemale>   i'll be home late tonight 
"so much to do today and so little time   friends, food, fireworks, clubs  repeat tomorrow!!!!  i love fourth of july!"
enjoyed the numerous fireworks displays tonight   just missing someone   
thinks both her sisters need an intervention from gossip   although <propfemale> needs it more than stef 
is back to a monday-friday work schedule   yay!
is going to 80s night at the melting pot!
is actually sitting in the ac today   weather reports say it's 89 and that it feels like 98-i agree 
is officially released to the floor   and will enjoying the rest of her friday evening   not at work!
is going to learn to love football   
"thinks her transition schedule sucks   1 smile 0, 3, 1 smile 0 or 3?, 7, 7, 7   and yes that is 6 days in a row   "
wants bubble tea and is going to go get some   yum!
is heart broken and needs a shoulder to <propfemale> on   any volunteers?
it's all good in the hood-just gotta watch my back!
had tomorrow's shift changed to a 6:15!    i'll have a nice long weekend!
"has officially started her fun weekend   out of work at 2, dinner at <propfemale>'s tonight!  boat trip to put-in-bay tomorrow (mile long bar here we come!), cedar point on wednesday!  don't have to be back to work until thursday at 3!!!!"
brought a cankle home from cedar point as a souviner-damn shoes 
feels miserable and has spent the whole day in bed   and i think i'm starting to run a fever or something    cold than hot than cold than hot 
my weekend   checkout party   patio party   frisbee golf?   haircut   party   and i want to go 'melt' somewhere in there    i'm craving one of their awesomely delicious gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches with a really good beer!
is really giddy and can't fall asleep   had too much fun not being able to breathe in the wedding dress!
yeah for autumn!  my favorite season!
"is making apple dumplings!!!!!  perfect snack for a cold, rainy, autumn evening!"
"is heading out to see all-american rejects, fall out boy, and blink-182!!!"
hates quickturns-i slept like crap   good news though-i'm out in a half hour!!!!
finished her poodle skirt   now to find a blouse and saddle shoes-got the glasses!
just got checked out at her first two d-sides!!!!!  first round is on me tonight!
can't sleep   i feel like i can't catch my breath or get enough oxygen   i'm starting to freak out which is probably making it worse   
is functioning today!
3 parties down   3 more to go by thursday!
is going to have tons of fun with jenn at the checkout party tonight!  hope my camera battery isn't dead from the past 4 parties!
5 parties down! 1 more to go! and the area 6 brat bash on saturday!
can't wait to sleep tonight!  2 more hours of work!
yay for 3 an dhalf hours of sleep   i'm sooooooooooooo tired    
seriously thinks she is suffering insomnia    just can't fall asleep   and the muscle spasms in my back aren't helping 
"just when you think you have life figure out, it throws a curve ball your way to remind how complicated it is   but it must go on!"
is wishing a happy 21st to my lil' sis!
a beer then bed   what a wonderful night   
voted today!
thinks it's going to be another 4am night   i really think i have insomnia or just too much on my mind   
work   nap   christmas ale?   ice skating!
got 2 tickets to see <propfirst> dennen at house of blues wed  nov 25th - 7:20pm   i need a date if anyone is interested   
is rocking magenta hair!!!
is finally getting recommened at bellaire!!!!!
finally got checked out air   now onto ckb ray!
"just finished making vanilla, almond, and double chocolate pizzelles    now i think i'll make a pair of pants   "
mon tues or wed thurs?   choices   
m t   
is getting her drink on at the work holiday party tonight!!!
is checked out on all d-sides!!!!!!!!!!!
is tracking <propfemale> on norad's website and i think he just skipped <propmale>   
wishes everyone a <propfemale> christmas and a happy 18th birthday to ryanne!
sherlock holmes was awesome   had a great night out with <propfemale>!
is excited to go skiing and snowboarding tonight!!!  and it's supposed to snow some more!!!!
nude
black
was feeling a little spontaneous and booked a 4 day trip to las vegas   leaving in 9 days!
i licked a birdbath riding a motorcycle because i'm awesome!
is getting ready for vegas   cleaning and laundry tonight!
is off to meet with the builder   pricing out my dream home   
is meeting with the builder again today because our 3 5 hour session wasn't long enough yesterday   packing for vegas   then over to <propfirst>'s for <propmale> python movie night!!!!
has sooooo much to do in so little time and i'm sick to top it off   
"working 1-9, pulling an all nighter, then to the airport at 4 smile 0-vegas here i come!"
will be skydiving in vegas-indoors!!!!!  can't wait   work is going to drag by tonight 
is working an early shift so i can go snowboarding tonight!!!!!!!!!
is all dolled up with no place to go   
is trying to figure out how to pick herself up and get through the tough times   life is sometimes too complicated to handle   
is heading to lunch with my sexy date-jenn!!!!
"go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name, copy and paste this post as your status, then copy and paste the results as the first comment   "
is working an 8-4 today so i can go snowboarding tonight!!!!!  i really need to move somewhere where there are actual mountains so i can ski and board every day-well almost everyday 
"thinks there's nothing like waking up at 4 smile 0 so i can leave by 5 to make my 20 minute drive to work by 6, damaging the bottom of my car driving through the foot of snow on the unplowed streets, then getting to work and getting 'talked' to about not being able to get a flight plan in yesterday in a timely manner after sitting for an hour and and half due to lack of staff   i can't wait to go snowboarding today!"
had a blast snowboarding tonight   mastered my turns   almost and got some air off a jump!
getting ready for snow storm number 2 tomorrow!  87 of ohio's 88 counties are under a winter storm warning 
wants snow leave!  got screwed out on saturday and i wasn't here yesterday so i hope today is my day   i love my awesome pink on pink macaroni noodle break board strip-thanks to the creative people who made it!
'when you're laying on my favorite pillow all you want to do is fall asleep when you're gazing out the bedroom window please think of me think of me'
to go snowboarding or celebrate mardi gras today   hmmmmmm
is trying to line up her breaks to watch the men's halfpipe final   i'll probably f it up 
'every word you say i think i should write down don't want to forget come daylight and no need to worry that's wasting time and no need to wonder what's been on my mind it's you'
has decided to pick up roller derby!  just need to swtich my rdos now 
is just rolling in shy of 3 am   had a great night out!
is confused more than ever   
is feeling the effects of her workout   <propfemale> i don't hate you   yet 
wants to go snowboarding but has nobody to go with 
took on the snowboard cross track at brandywine today and will be feeling the ramifications of not landing a jump in which i'm pretty sure i got about 5 feet of air   let's just say i'll be sleeping on my stomach tonight and limping tomorrow 
is in a lot of pain today   snowboard+jump+brooke=not going to be in the next winter olympics 
"after my 21 x-rays tonight, the doctor concluded that i sprained my neck and shoulder, fractured my collarbone, and bruised 2 ribs   i walked out of the office with a neck brace, a sling, and a rib belt   and i declined the cortisone shot "
why haven't the meds kicked in?  in pain and can't sleep 
figured out why she still can't sleep at night   it's hard to fix a fractured collarbone when you're sleeping on it 
is having a great day even though i'm pretty sure my trainer tried to kill me!
19 days until my birthday!  the mercury lounge   april 1st   9 smile 0   and you're invited too e-max!
"13 days left till my birthday!  heading to barroom at 9 smile 0 for dancing, drinking, and fun   all are welcome!"
"12 days left till my birthday! dinner at <propfemale> @ 7 smile 0  then heading to  barroom at 9 smile 0 for dancing, drinking, and fun   all are welcome!"
"9 days left till my birthday! dinner at <propfemale> @  7 smile 0  barroom @ 9ish for dancing, drinking, & fun   let me know if you're in for dinner so i can make reservations!"
has 1 week until my birthday extravaganza!  thursday april 1st   dinner 7 smile 0 at <propfemale>   drinking and dancing 9 smile 0ish @ barroom   fun all night!
pretty much has the next week and a half off   and it's going to be beautiful for my birthday!
it's my birthday <propfemale> and tomorrow's going to be awesome!  74 and <propfemale>   getting out of work early   dinner at <propfemale> and dancing at barroom!
thanx everyone for the birthday wishes!  i had the best birthday spending the day with <propmale> 
has had the most amazing weekend with <propmale> and wish it didn't have to end   
had the best birthday weekend!  got to spend 4 days with <propmale> and enjoyed every minute of it 
sushi   sake   scooters   harleys   wine   great company tonight and having a blast!
thinks it's great when not one but 2 supervisors catch me playing with the flight simulator while i'm supposed to be watching a breifing and tell me not to come back to the area until i've succesfully landed the plane!
just got her motorcycle temporary permit!
"just got home from fleetcommander's checkout party   had a great time!  now to catch up on deadliest catch, glee, and (my new favorite since it has feqtured <propfirst> dennen's music in 2 of 5 episodes) parenthood!"
48 days!
25 days   even better!
24 days until seattle!  leave is approved and ticket is booked!
"what i learned today at work   zdc puts out restrictions 20 mit for iad, dca, & bwi   zdc wants all planes to deviate to the south of the weather   zdc wants 1 string of planes without telling us   we give all planes 1 360 before entering zdc   tgif!"
is enjoying a glass of dogfish head black & blue-brewed with over 300 lbs of blackberries and blueberries   11% abv too!
is soaking in the sun on her breaks today ad counting down to seattle   17 days!!!!!
is driving home from work with the windows down because it is still 78 degrees out at 9pm!  rain this weekend is going to suck after today 
15 days!!!!!
north coast pranqster followed by goose island juliet   it's a belgian night!
is beyond mentally checked out!  it's 85 and beautiful out and i'll be seattle in 12 days not thinking about here!
has never heard so many f-bombs before 7am on a sunday morning   
is upset radar class is going to mess up my vacation 
"work this week   mon, wed, fri, then i'm leaving on a jet plane   don't know when i'll be back again   seattle got bumped up 2 days   leaving saturday morning!"
is flying first class to sea!!!!
what a great way to end my week before vacation   2 hours in   deviations out the wazoo   getting bad routing to get dc guys in   getting shut off of dc   controllers yelling at sups   2 more hours until my vacation starts!
is never leaving seattle 
is extremely happy to have friends that love me! i don't know what i would do without you right now and you know who you are!
is heading to the museum of glass in tacoma today!
trying to figure out what to do for the next 3 hours   rainers game tonight 
enjoying some grilled halibut made by derek   fresh cut asparagus from the garden   a bottle of wine and then off to watch a baseball game and drink some more 
sightseeing with a hangover is one thing   riding a really fast elevator 520 feet to the top of the space needle is another   friends should not let friends go sightseeing hungover 
has never seen so many speedos!  watching <propmale> play waterpolo before my flight   
is sitting in the airport with a tear running down her cheek  sad 
is going to spend the afternoon with <propfemale> and <propmale> enjoying the 86 degree weather!
9 hours of sleep over the past 3 nights + too much sun + some alcohol = sleepy sunburnt dehydrated <propfemale> 
i come home to clean my car out and i'm done vaccuming and all the doors are open   i swept the floor mats and they are laying in the driveway   and <propmale> feels the need to mow the lawn   back to square 1 vaccuming   
prepping for my 23 mile kayak tomorrow   and then to ikea on sunday!
is kinda looking like a lobster right now   
is off to detroit after work   i'll be back tonight  3 states in 3 days!
"that farewell kiss which resembles greeting, that last glance of love which becomes the sharpest pang of sorrow   -<propfirst> eliot"
just made my day by unearthing my old nes from my storage shed including the gun and power pad!!!!!!!!!!  and i found some of my awards i thought i lost when i broke up with steve-now i just need to find my semper fidelis award   
worked an 8 hour day and came home and weeded the whole side of the house - 40ft x 6ft   now to clean the bathroom and eat dinner somewhere in that mess   i haven't had a day this productive in a while 
did so much around the house today i forgot to enjoy my day off with a beverage   damn being productive 
ran radar problem #1 today and tried to put 3 planes together at fl290   39 more problems to go!
"worked on her cornhole boards for almost 6 hours tonight   it was perfect outside-84, <propfemale>, and no humidity   now gotta finish painting before the 90+ degree heat wave starting this weekend!"
booked my flight for a weekend of fun in atl!  can't wait!
shot a field goal at 300 today in the lab!
"'can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars   i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now   '"
is hoping the plane is really cold beause i have a horrible sunburn and i'm still a little tipsy   
has had it with blue cross blue shield   thanx for covering $40 of a $1000 medical <propmale>!
passed my second eval!!!!  1 more to go 
passed my final eval! party time!!!!!
booked her flight to sea for august!!!!
fell asleep in the pool and my raft helped the sun do some cruel damage to my legs   thankfully i have some more time to even it out 
16 days until <propfemale>'s wedding!!! and 17 days until i go to seattle!!!!  having a great summer!
the show begins this morning!!!!!
"10 days until seattle, 9 days until <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s wedding!  having fun with <propfirst> this weekend!!!"
is picking up as many pints of <propmale> and <propfirst>'s tonight as the wallet will allow   
is so excited!  <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s wedding on friday and then seattle on saturday!!!!
is super excited for <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s wedding tonight and then jetsetting to seattle tomorrow for a long weekend with <propmale>!
is in seattle!
is off to seafair today!
i'd having a blast with <propmale> in seattle!
hiking on mt rainier today!
"\if you love something let it go   if it comes back to you it was meant to be   if it doesn't it was never yours \"""""
7 b747's and 1 a380!  i'm in lax 
"hocking hills canopy zipline tour tomorrow!  flying 80 ft through the trees above the hocking river overlooking caves, hills, and waterfalls!  tomorrow's going to be fun!"
got new running shoes and a new bike today!  hoping to be competitive by spring!
is enroute to find-a-lay-i mean findlay   eta 11 smile 0!
is still trying to keep her head above the water   
is in <propfemale> arbor with her awesome aunt to see <propmale> schneider perform at the ark   getting some drinks at the arbor brewing co first 
"is planning too many vacations for next year   austin, tx   las vegas   and then costa rica, ireland, greece, italy, hawaii, or the caribbean-hmmmm"
chopped off all her hair today!  there's maybe an inch and a half left  laugh 
is doing dumb stuff at work   some people say it means you're getting close to checking out but i'm questioning that theory right now   
is off to atl for my weekend   sunday can't come soon enough   
"click \like\"" for my post and i will tell you: 1  something i learned while looking at your wall for thirteen seconds; 2  what color you remind me of; 3  my first memory of you; 4  the animal you remind me of; 5  my favorite thing about you; 6  give you a weird nickname; 7  i challenge you to re-post!"""
"wanted: someone to board with this winter   must have a love of snow, be a good sport, have enough skill to <propfemale> out on the 'blue' hills, push me beyond my abilities (but not so i break my shoulder again), enjoy a good beer afterwards, don't mind driving through 2 feet of snow in a blizzard for the best riding conditions   let me know if you are interested!"
snow today   60 by tuesday   hmmmm    only in ohio 
is hoping for some good luck to come her way   everything had fallen apart over the past 2 months   
sold the malibu today  sad  and purchased a sweet new ride  laugh 
has painted 20 of the last 36 hours and is ready for more   thank goodness this is my biweekly massage week!
is excited about the 10 day forecast   snow showers 8 of the next 10 days   the snowboard goes in tomorrow for a preseason tune up!  i want to snowboard right now!!!!
finally got recommened for her first 2 radar sectors   checkride on wednesday!
bmbw opens thursday!  i'l be on the slopes saturday!  anybody joining me?
got certified at her first 2 radar sectors!!! drinks at the feve!
i are a person who likes slimed kittens
plans on snowboarding the next 4 days in the massive snowstorm!!!! whose in?!?!!!
any takers on snowboarding today?  i will drive to pick you up if you're too chicken shit to drive   
snowboarding kicked my ass this week!  and i think i screwed up my knee   again   
<propfemale> christmas!
thinks there's nothing like getting tackled from behind by an 11 year old for the gift you're sitting on that turns out to be a beer box filled with cut wood and a flashlight   my knee is already beginning to bruise   
snowboarding tuesday!!!!!!!!!!!
is officially signed up for warrior dash ohio 2011 with <propfemale> robinson!  check it out at www warriordash com
is on a hot date with jenn and then off on another hot date later with <propfemale>   rest of the weekend-snowboarding and roller derby!
it's been a while since i rolled in at 3 smile 0 am   loving it!
going snowboarding this afternoon   hit me up if you want to join 
getting over my horrible stage fright week number 5-karaoke!
adding new songs to my karaoke repertoire!
"wedding dress shopping with jenn, then snowboarding with <propfirst>, then roller derby alone, and then karaoke with the boys!  now if only i could turn my neck so i can enjoy my day "
thank you <propfirst> for singing wham!-wake me up before i go go when <propfirst> wasn't around!
is it sad that i'm missing the biggest snow storm to hit cle this year because i'm not home to go snowboarding     sad  and i might get stuck in texas   
it's 29 this morning in austin   my friends in <propmale> can stop hating me
<propfirst> is officially colder than <propmale> right now   22 in <propfirst> 27 in <propmale>   i guess j enjoyed the 2 days it was 80 here!
got recommended at hlg air with minimum hours!  check ride thursday and i hope to finish my last 2 sectors by my birthday 
is certified at hlg and air!!!!  4 down   2 to go!
