fb1c168d4f846116def39cf704deb6ec
finally starting 2 get what this shits about  kinda     baby steps
wishing it would be 8 o clock already  i want 2 talk 2 her so bad   annoyed 
i have no idea what i'm doing up this early  everything seems so hazy & out of focus right now   annoyed 
"it really is pointless for me to be us this early  but that's what i get for e playful ecting she'd actually call me  i really wish i didn't rail that ateral so i could go back to sleep  oh well, might as well clean      txt? 2535081992"
"die to all that is old and mechanical, only then will you truly be free  take every sensation in for the moment it is there, for you must not try and <propmale> that e playful erience again  for time & e playful erience are ever flowing "
have you ever felt like there was a bubble seperating your thoughts from everything else around you? like your external volume has been turned way down?
"things are starting to feel normal again finally   annoyed  still missing one thing     but i'm tired of letting \that\"" affect me   """
"\we're a generation of men raised by women  i'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need \"" -<propmale> pitt as <propfirst> durton in \""fight club\""  i'm starting to think he was right   annoyed  maybe i'll take that advice 2 heart? lol"""
"*sigh* so tired of emotional solitude    4 the 1st time in over 2 years, i feel like i want something    dare i say it     more than just a casual thing     "
its as if i was meant to hear that proverb 2day after all that had transpired the night before   smile  i will remember those words in the reformations to come 
time 2 work now ^-^ get those $1 items sold! lol dtc (dollar tree crew)
"omfg!!!! my brother and i were smoking outside my apartments  and right when we finished the bowl, and a fucking big ass raccoon came up behind my brother  and we fucking ran like hell!  laugh  we were way too high 4 that shit!!!  laugh "
almost 2 work  trying to let what happen last night not faze me   annoyed \ kinda harder than e playful ected  
christmas will never be the same again                ever              ever             ever          ever         ='(
"i guess plans can still get fucked up even in the new year  lol, its whatever, maybe i should take this time to renew my room and such  ^-^ i was thinking about moving shit around "
"yay     i get to wake up and plan my dad's ceremony on saturday  ugh, and i just found out my grandpa who i haven't seen in god knows how long is supposed to be there  this is going 2 be really    awkward     annoyed "
"just got back from my dad's ceremony   annoyed  not the best e playful erience in the world  but i'm glad that even though i at 1st didn't want to share on the open mic, that i chose to be the last one up there  my dad would have been proud  =')"
i can't believe i get to stay in lakeview w  <propmale> & <propmale> 4 the weekend! ^-^ this should be an amazing adventure of epic proportions! margh!  laugh 
"now, every time i am brought to this thought, i notice where there was once confidement and warmth, there is now a cold, lonely, and hollow replacement of emotion  and i cannot tell a soul why, for no one would understand, i <propfemale> this alone      "
"my head still feels fuzzy, but maybe a visit to from a friend would clear things up  i need to take myself out of, whatever the hell my minds been stuck in  any takers? lol  playful "
"woke up an hour ago, time to get on the grind and job search  fun shit     never thought i'd have to worry about this again so quickly  oh well      "
anyone know any retail grocery stores hiring? lol need ideas on places to apply 
"i sware, i better here something back  i've applied for 16 different retain grocery jobs 2day alone  that's gotta be a new record 4 me   playful  lol"
"sacrifice is my word of this year  everything's become so complicated, so now i must make it clear  i've turned away from pleasurable distraction, right now i deserve no such thing  and if i'm willing to give it all away, maybe true happiness, my sacrifice, will bring "
"watching spartacus: blood & sand  this show has more nudity, sex, blood, and guts than any other show i've seen  acting in it's not bad either   playful  lol"
