e138d51a927c40748cac9c14f243fb30
happy 'noob' years!
gatorade in the eye = aarrrgggg
"the best plans born in the head of men, end up in ruins in the feet of women "
i spy with my eye something white 
happy 4th of july  have a safe day    because i know i won't be  > >
"class tonight, wondering if i should drive home when its over with or just stay over <propfirst>'s "
"pool + diving board = fun all day long  sun + no sun screen while having fun all day long out in the sun = sunburn   so yeah, i burned like bread left in the toaster "
"as long as i don't move to quickly, or slide against anything i won't hurt myself  sleeping was easy, but waking up and trying to sit up was hard  only painful when moved "
twilght - \a women's fantasy about necrophilia \,e13 laugh 51a927c40748cac9c14f243fb30,i offer 'cake'
lets see if i can stay awake to get back into a proper sleeping schedule 
the shadow!!!
a few more days till i head out to ohio for my grandparents wedding anniversary 
"went to grandparents 50th anaversary, walked through a graveyard, and crashed a wedding    fun day "
"alright    is it not a general rule that when i am driving, everyone else should be off the road "
hide and seek with the whole neighborhood playing just means there will be more running and laughing   laugh 
it's so much easier to measure life in e playful erience points 
wait    what is tomorrow? shit dragoncon!
"saturday saturday saturday    wait, what's going on saturday?"
" done\ quit"
october fest!
time to change 
"i admit it   \\i like to chew gum in the shower "
"alright, lets see if i can't dish out that machinima i promised "
son of a bitch    blizzard just killed my weekend 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status--fair is fair--play along)"
"your boardwalk + my park place = a grand prize  if you are willing to share, then you could have half of the prize, great idea huh?"
"not going to let mom live this down, she asked me what fbi was    and yet she loves watching csi   "
"gmx - best class field trip ever!\\hopefully they will have more next year for their con "
"is it a bad thing to have the guy at urinal next to you look over and say \damn!\"" ?"""
"please put this on your status if you know someone, or are related to someone,who has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by a dragon     the    other 7% are hiding in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and smores "
starting the morning out by sleeping    since ending with the night did not end 
"morning   \saturday morning class sucks    why can't we have this class at night like all of my others have been "
seems to have lost a few of his 360 games    wondering where they are   
a wild doty has appeared!
"happy t-day everyone, hopefully no one is stuck in holiday traffic and at home with either friends or family "
"don't believe in yourself  believe in me, who believes in you  for your drill is the drill that will reach the stars!!! who the hell do you think we are!!!"
finally    i am no longer blowing my nose and having cinnamon coming out of it 
"woot, picked up a lot resident evil games, including outbreak  anyone still have their copy and a ps2 with the network setup should join me in an online game "
"my final in gd350 went well  i got the highest grade on the exam, a 98, kinda pissed that i missed one question    eh "
"fuck you math    fuck you    the shit you make me do, i will never use outside of of what you are making me do now    go suck on a bag of dicks   "
"if i can have anything for chirsmas, i'd like to have     love "
holy fuck    rain sucks when you are fully geared
"and if i didn't break my board    i would be out there    just not here, since snow is needed    damn alabama and the lack of snow "
i'm just so bm    because i'm a bm diablo 2 lod pk'er   smile 
bought a new cat bed for the kittens  just walked out to get a drink and heard a loud purr coming from under the tv where the bed was    every single kitten was in it purring away   laugh 
like a cat i have a calm - carefree look 
happy holiday's everyone  or as i know it  happy feasting days 
"big o, (it's) show time!"
there is a book on my face    that should count as me logging into my facebook
lfg
boredom has struck once again!
needs a new 360 controller  *looks around* actually 4 new ones would be nice 
wtf    it's snowing  going to go run around in it naked   with shoes 
"wyld stallyns (<propmale> & <propmale>'s excellent adventure   bogus journey)\talk about nostalgia    what ever happened to good movies that did not need million dollar budgets?"
air hockey    alright
loves how the usb ports on my comp have malfunction and no longer working except for one port for my mouse    and typing with an on-screen keyboard sucks!
i just need to get a new computer    everything on mine seems to be going out or already out  none of my usb ports are working anymore and it seems other components inside are dying    fucking gateway    i only had this computer for 2 maybe 3 years 
dragon age 2 = epic win 
"woot, take that today! work = people bitching that their beer isn't green    fine, we'll buy that green food coloring and charge you $3 more for your green beer! i love stupid people  =w="
alright    bed    work at 5pm -12am  night shift    what fun 
meow~
tonic water    next challenge 
standing for 12+ hours    fffffuuuuuuu
