47bed7943dbe56815b040e2c6c21bce9
"found four moonshadow chips in a box, this weekend    i wonder if i can still use them   "
is doing reading for this week's class    sigh   when will the homework end??
"is not feeling well    and, on his day off, too!  sad "
is baking banana walnut bread 
is writing questionnaire questions    which is not nearly as easy as it might sound   
wonders if his 10+ hour workday will end *before* his 7 surprise 0 class starts   
"wonders why he's still in school, a) at the age of 35, and b) in the middle of the summer   "
"is sad    his netbook stopped working last night, and he doesn't know what to do!   sad "
"continues to wonder why he's spending his time in vermont writing term papers for classes     but, at least he (finally) got his data "
apologizes for the slow email response    he's still writing papers    damnit 
finished both damn papers    whatever will i do with a week off from classes?   smile 
"just submitted his 4th retention packet    one more to go, then it's tenure-time, baby!"
is doing laundry and enjoying a beer   mmm 
is sick   damnit   last trip to vt was spent on homework    this one is all about blowing my nose and lying in bed!
two days and counting    then hawaiian beaches   
is hoping to finish a few things before it's time to leave for my trip!
aloha!!
per your request     having fun!   smile   getting ready to head back to the chilly mainland on friday saturday    sad 
"is about to leave paradise    sigh    i just hope it's not snowing in nj, yet   "
"wants to know who, out there, twitters    tweets   ?"
is finally done with his fall class!  two more to go until graduation time!
"is getting comfy with the family, and starting the early christmas festivities!   smile "
is slow    ly    wind    ing    down for the day   
just bought a pair of new cowboy boots!
snow day!!!
is starting a new chain   
: a new chain has been forged    amen 
"i don't mean to sound ungrateful, but    another snow day?  i have stuff to do!"
"enjoyed sitting in the parking lot at work   for 2 5 hours    last night, waiting for aaa   "
is spending yet another night working on tutorials    such is the life of an aspiring instructional designer   
raises a toast to the killarys and all of the other <propfemale> ancestors before them!
continues to struggle with video tutorials     isn't captivate supposed to make this easier??
"would like to stop making tutorials, thank you very much "
"23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca  & 17,000 in il  new jersey & fl are cutting teacher jobs &  reducing salaries as well  we need to get our priorities in order   athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise  & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy  & paste this to your status "
"is on to something new   new duds, i think    after a very productive furlough day    (don't worry    i didn't check my work email at all!)"
"just finished the (hopefully) last edits and just has to put together his abstract!  (and some last minute technical edits, of course   )!  hooray!"
sent off his insdsg690 project today!  hooray!
"opened his nj tax 'return' only to find out that they screwed up and want me to pay   how did they screw up?  apparently i've been receiving alimony for the past year, equivalent (exactly) to my earnings at work   what a coincidence   "
: a new chain is forged   i've been a slacker the past few weeks   feels good to get back on track!
"is headed into the city today to see <propfemale>, <propmale> and the kids!  hooray!"
"had a great time seeing <propfemale>, <propmale> and the kids, yesterday   and i even remembered to say \hi\"" for <propmale>!   smile """
's back hurts    anyone know a good masseuse in nnj?
thinks that early morning exercise should be banned   
is getting ready to 'commence' tomorrow 
loves vt and free wifi on i-89!
"realized that his status is outdated, and needs to be changed "
"is thinking that a new picture is in order    i mean, really    i'm not 'officially' graduated yet, after all "
found out that he's been accepted to present as part of a panel discussion at reference renaissance in <propmale> (aug  8-10)   anybody in the area want to play tour guide?  any suggestions as to what to do?
"had a blast at <propmale> and <propfirst>'s, this afternoon!"
just got my droid!
"got his hoe down, last night!  thanks for the dancing, food and especially, the hurricanes, guys!  smile "
"back from provincetown    glad to be back, but kinda wishing i was still on vacation "
howdy from <propmale>!
has trekked across most of downtown <propmale> in the last 24 hours  raining now so it looks like i may stay in tonight  ahhhh   
    a new chain is forged   had my first pt session today and got the ok to start exercising again!  ah   
"is officially done with his m ed  coursework     now, just waiting for grades to be posted   ah   "
has discovered that he much prefers reading to writing   
"tenure, here i come   ?"
rain!!!
day off   partial cable   ugh 
zzzzz   
boo 
thursday is the new friday 
just spent the afternoon doing paperwork    what a way to enjoy vt     smile 
is waiting for <propmale> potter to start!
watched avatar and shutter island this weekend    avatar?  as good as everyone said    shutter island?  disappointing   
just walked through ice and rain from jersey city to hoboken    cold and wet    but loving my yaktrax!
"i'm only part <propfemale>, but i'm <propfemale> enough    smile "
headed south this weekend for cil2011!
cil2011
http annoyed  www dailymotion com video x2dll8_drunk-powerpoint-presentation_fun
is all packed and ready to get on that cruise ship!
the local wildlife just turned out to welcome us to <propfemale> florida! not sure what we're doing today but the weather's amazing!
"hi everyone!  rather than try to reply to all of your wonderful birthday wishes, i'm sending out a mass 'thank you'!  it was a great day, and a good start to my 37    um    32nd year    smile "
packing and painting    bad paint    i'm soooooo looking forward to this move and being able to unpack and settle in 
1 more day   
all moved   photos to follow      smile 
"almost 1 week in the new place    the boxes are slowly disappearing, but there seems to be an endless list of little things that we need    blah!"
"feedback from a class i taught last year:  \tony joachim is a nice fellow and a sharp dresser \"""""
<propmale>  potter  imax  3d 
"you know, i learned today that the virtual bookshelf app is going away, and started moving myself over to goodreads    after adding about 10 people by their wall, i figured it'd be easier to just let people add me if they're interested in seeing what i'm reading    smile "
had a great time at the montclair <propmale> museum with <propfirst> andrews!
prepping for tomorrow night's class with a custom cocktail by <propfirst> andrews    what a life!   smile 
actually heard someone say 'daggummit' this morning   
"howdy from branson, mo  having a blast and spending some cash   smile "
had a great weekend traveling between arkansas and missouri and back again with <propfirst> and his family   smile 
"i can't believe that it's been a whole year already!  happy anniversary, <propfirst>!  i'm looking forward to many more with you   i love you, baby!"
