06561ae15e32040e69af859056862610
"hey, yay! my internet is back on today!!!!!"
pop!! goes the weeaasel!!
oh what am i gonna do? what am i gonna do? what am i gonna doooooo!?!?!?!?!?!?
"anyone sending me app invites related to zynga games, chances are i already have added that on my myspace account  i do not want to add the same thing to this one so if anyone else has a myspace account send me an invite to those apps, not the ones for facebook (although if there's an app for faebook that's not available on myspace then feel free to invite me) "
i don't know why that showed up twice 
"gonna get ready to go, to pacific media e playful o! (oh yeah!!)"
"gotta pack and stuff  gonna leave after school tomorrow, (wonder if anyone i know is going?)"
"if you see me online and i don't answer when you message me, don't take it personal, sometimes i'm leave my computer on and go away"
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
"wow! what about that storm today huh? and that tornado scare? whaaaaaaat? and here i thought there were no tornados here in the oc, wazzup?"
"does anyone know how to change your username? i found a part that says change username but after doing so, it still shows my real name, how do people have a different username on facebook?????"
"the other day i was at college, and the heel of my boot ripped off!! it was still hanging on (barely) an i had to rush to the mall before closing (which was like 45 <propfemale> ) to buy new shoes  for being a payless i went to, they sure didn't have a large selection of shoes  i didn't like any of the women's shoes there"
"just added mushi-shi to my netflix queue, if anybody cares"
i've been so busy and stressed out this week that i got sick  now i'm at home with the sniffles and i feel like crap
yay! great news!! i finally found my psp which i thought i lost forever!!!!! yes!!! now i can play awesome games that are only available on psp (like ff dissidia)  this makes me so happy (of course it's the first version ever made so it's pretty old and doesn't do the things the newer ones do but it plays games and that's what's important) 
omg! i just found this website with such affordable cosplay! it's so much cheaper than others and it has free shipping! i'm so excited!
my sister's travel goal: to eat mcdonald's in every country
eating a strawberry crepe with with whipped cream
"just saw clash of the titans, reminded me of the <propmale> <propmale> movie but for older people"
got pissed off at wild rivers yesterday  waited 3 hours standing in line (in my high heels) just so my job application could get rejected  for very dumb reasons too  s!o! p!i!s!s!e!d!
"in case anyone is wondering, i did change my name (again)  i don't like how facebook has your real name on public for the whole world to see  not cool  if you can't figure out who i am, ask me "
"life's too short to do what i want to do  what i want to do be: novelist, musician composer, film maker, archaeologist linguist, theater owner, restaurant owner, mall owner, polyglot, travel all over the world "
"would you rather work hard and fail, or fail because you didn't work hard? i'm still trying to figure out my answer to my own question "
"i am so hot right now, i need to cool down  it's weird cuz it's not hot outside  \*sigh* maybe i'll go down to the pool              or maybe just jump in the bathtub with a hundred ice cubes "
heading out for mexico today! won't be on til after memorial day  see ya!
omg! this is horrible! i'm in mexico and the worst has happened!
"ooh, i finally got my prom dress! it's <propmale> blue"
"just found out today that i'll be graduating, woohoo! i had to pull two all nighters (and i still didn't think i finished enough work) but i did it! i'm so happy, it's a miracle!!!!"
"i wish i had a gaming <propmale>, one that i can <propfemale> out with all the time and trade games with "
"a lot if my facebook buddies have comments on the last airbender movie and how badly it sucked, since i haven't seen the movie yet i cannot comment  however, i told myself that no matter how badly it seems to suck, i'm still going to watch it anyway (hopefully it won't suck the soul right out of me)"
"if i had a yard sale including some of my anime, manga and other otaku items (plus some regular stuff), would anybody go? i don't want to bother if nobody's interested  i live in rancho <propfemale> <propfemale>, ca "
watching wolf's rain
"been playing monopoly the last three days with my cousin and sister, and i always lose!!!!"
"irvine valley college is actually going to have\ an online class this fall semester called \japanese anime and manga \"" can you\",06561ae15e32040e69af859056862610,"just bought yesterday, persona 3 portable (and the world ends with you for ds)  i never usually buy at full price so this better be good  if not     "
"just got brand new dissidia game in the mail \today, yay! so excited   "
"been playing the world ends with you since wednesday and am now on day 4  i'm guessing that's close to half-way, should i stop?"
"woohoo! i just updated my really old psp (1001) and now it can do a bunch of cool stuff (like access facebook for one thing; i also now have internet radio, yes! j-pop here i come!), makes me wonder if i even need to upgrade to a 3000 model"
"i hate to do this but i have to (although i'm still against it), i'm changing my name back to the way it was in the beginning  i realized i can't communicate with those who know me for real if they don't know who i am  i still hate how facebook displays only your real name and doesn't give you the option of having a display name "
i don't get the point of poking someone  what's that all about?
"i'm on day 6 for twewy (ds), i guess so far so good if i wanna make it in 7 days  wednesday's my deadline  man, playing this game is like watching an anime "
"ok, i've now made it to day 7 (and a little ahead of schedule)  let's see if i can make it in time "
"i'm thinking of stopping twewy for a while, i've been playing it for several days and i need a break  besides, i need to make dinner for my aunt's birthday later today "
"have you ever tried to play connect 4 by yourself? i just did (cuz i was bored) and the score was red 5 yellow 0, even though i tried to get yellow to win  now how did that happen?"
"updating my ancient psp's system software to the latest is the best thing i ever did  i got access to the playstation network now and i love it! i'm so excited, i can now download ps one games on my psp  plus, i there's free demos and tv episodes you can download "
omg! on the homepage i just saw that the first 3 episodes of the new dubbed vk anime is available to buy and download and the first one is free!! i'm so downloading it! i love free downloads of cool stuff 
am i the only teenager who's anxiously waiting for the fall semester to start? i'm going nuts sitting at home playing games and stuff when i could be in class learning  i want to learn dang it!
"if anyone, tags me in one of my own pictures, i will remove the tag and add you to the list of people who can see my albums  i know this sounds mean, but i do not want people to know what i look like  please respect my privacy "
"so how many people went to the harvest crusade? i want to know how many people i know went, let's count  i went so that's one  anyone else?"
"i'm so glad that classes started! hopefully, there will be many life changes (for the better) "
"just auditioned for a play called brighton beach memoirs  the cold reading was <propfemale>, which i copied my sister's attitude for "
"oh i've been so happy since i started college, of course that was only two days ago and i started fall asleep in class a couple times (but that was only due to lack of sleep, i was very interested in the lecture)  but still, i've loved every minute of it   i've changed my routine and schedule too (for the better); it's so much different from when i was in high school "
"omg! i just got the new limited edition kingdom hearts psp bundle and it's awesome!!! it's so much better than my old version, how could i have gone all this time without it?!! ooh, and it has skype! that's so cool! i didn't know that was on a psp"
"ooh, just came back from seeing the new <propmale> potter movie, so interesting when the movie is over at 1 in the morning and it looks closed, the parking lot is empty, no one is around, and it looks like you're in the premise of a horror movie  ah yes, good times, good times"
"ok, who the h*ll keeps tagging me?!?!?!?!?!?!?"
"ok, for anyone who even cares, i will post random (pointless) questions, just for fun and curiosity, on my wall for people to answer (kind of like a poll)  i will probably not post more than one a day  i will also list the question in a category  ok, here's the first question (although some people might not think it's really a \question \"" i will post the question in my next post due to lack of spaces """
"question 1\\category: food\\name describe your ideal sandwich "
"phew!! problem solved, found a place!!! yay! i'm so happie!!!"
"moving sale!! everything must go!!!\\seriously folks, we've got to get rid of out stuff  we've got things from furniture to broken computers, to boxes of junk!! (sounds appealing huh?)\\we have tvs, tables, chairs, desks, and other furniture  not to mention, the little stuff, like dvds  so come, come, this weekend come!!!\\(ask me for more details)"
uugh! sick with who knows what an i can't even go to the doctor!
"change of plans, moving to washington after all, sorry relatives  sad "
aww maaaan! i bought a bus pass on friday from the bookstore thinking i needed it but turns out i don't anymore  now i can't get a refund on it because apparently there are no refunds on bus passes  what should i do?!?
"aaaaaaaaaagh!! i hate it when you call a company and put on hold and while you're holding, it hangs up on you!!!!"
"well, since i'm moving too, i won't be needing my textbooks anymore  so there up for sale if anyone's interested, my bus pass too"
"ooh, tacos for dinner!!"
"ok, we are finally on the road to washington  we just left like five minutes ago and our <propfirst> is fully loaded  i'm going to try to get on facebook whenever i can to update, so people know where i am  let me know if you want a postcard!"
"day 1 on the road to washington: our car is fully loaded  i played \tetris\"" with ithe luggage when everyone was thinking \""oh no! forgot about that! now there's no room in the car!\"" i'm wearing my \""class of 2010\"" <propfirst> ears i got at gradnite cuz i have no idea how to pack them without ruining them  i'd take a picture with my phone but it's dark """
"we need lots of prayer  our car is so bad, i don't know if it can even make it to washington  remaining hopeful "
"well, i guess the cool thing about this trip is that i can play video games in the car  haven't had time for video games since starting college, now i don't have that problem anymore  nuthin much to do so mostly been \facebooking\"" on my phone """
"it seems we lost our phone service so i won't be on facebook as often, and i can't call or text anyone, will try to resolve that issue soon  will try to contact people through facebook with pcs if wifi is found, perhaps motel?"
"wow, i haven't been able to access the internet for several days now, just got access right now but don't know how long that'll last  we got here a few days ago, boy is the house a mess, but it can be fixed  last night we slept in the house in the dark and the cold cuz there's no electricity, yet  today i just bought a new phone so that's cool  i'll contact those with my number with my new number "
omg!!! my mom just found a fertilized egg in the egg carton!!! ewwwwww!!!!!
