46164f44fd19e9dcbb322e27cab3dfe4
needs to catch some zzzzzzz's
doesnt feel so guilty that he ate stuffed pizza for lunch now that he worked his ass off at the gym     
needs a few drinks      
might have had 1 too many drinks
needs to mellow out
hawaiian bar next week     yes!!!!!!!
"is dead tired, just ran 6 <propmale> in a little over an hr "
i want to go out but dont know where     if any1 is up for someting let me know       
another 6 <propmale> today       
7 <propmale> today    
dreading the 10 mile run on saturday
"doesnt want it to be monday, i hate mondays, wish i could skip to tuesday    well friday actually      smile "
???????????????????
7 <propmale> today          
to the be at hawaiian bar or not to be at the hawaiian??????       
"going to watch my bro play some duranguense( i think thats how you spell it) and tamborazo, you see i have not forgotten im mexican        smile "
8 <propmale> today        smile 
a bit perplexed            
fun times with old friends        
needs to stop being lazy n hit the gym on a regular basis again          
concert n late party last nite       soccer in da morning      n more party tonight     good weekend        
"party last nite(lots of alcohol involved  laugh ), cook out with my best friend today, and maybe watch my lil bro play with his band,  im enjoying this weekend thus far       "
playing guitar hero 5!!!!!!!awesomeness!!!!!!!!
back to work           
needs vacation time            
so damn stoked football season began!!!!!!!!
"beerlympics was fun!!!!!!! 3 medals first time competing, not too bad      "
da bears!!!!!!!!!!!!
and da bears start 0-1        sad 
fabulosos cadillacs on saturday!!!!
has an extra ticket to fabulosos cadillacs tomorrow at congress theather      any 1 want it?????
did i mention the ticket for fabulosos is free       
fabulosos ticket is gone        
fabulosos cadillacs!!!!!!!!
lets go bears!!!!!!!!
da bears!!!!!! 1-1 not bad at all                  
go bears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes bears win     2-1        
lets go bears!!!!!!!
bears 3-1             
i think im getting sick       
should really be getting sleep         
still feel sick               
still feeling sick        who is gonna make me chicken soup?????
drinking buchanans with redbull n seltzer water!!!!!!!!!   smile 
spent his day off running errands             
bought my lil bro his first latte from starbucks      
feeling lazy                      
"dinner, wine, cake from bon bon and great friends = fun friday nite"
come on bears     
wtf bears are sucking <propmale> a$$!!!!!!!!!!
needs food and or alcohol
party!!!!!!
keg is ready!!!!!!!!!
what to do today        hooters???????
"any one have an at&t phone they are selling, my bro is looking for one      "
da bears!!!!!!
"put gould on the defense, he can actually tackle!!!!!!"
getting ready to hit the gym       
lets go bears!!!!!!!
wtf cutler!!!!!!
wtf????? damn it bears!!!!!!
what the hell cutler!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
seriously considering becoming a saints fan            bears are failing like theres no tomorrow        crying 
lazy sunday     
going to see my lil bro play with his band        
da bears!!!!!!
is not working monday or tuesday      what to do?????
"torn between going out for drinks, hitting the gym or staying in n relaxing a bit      "
happy new year!!
"if anyone needs to get a hold of me email me to my gmail account, my phone crapped out and i can only receive phone calls,  crying "
in tax mode        laugh 
taxes!!!!!!!
"just received my revised resume from my ex-cfo, stoked, still waiting on a final review then on to the job hunt!!!!!!!!"
"getting ready to head out to banda prezizza's anniversary(the abnd my bro plays in), shotout to my lil bro, anyone wanna stop by it'll be at klas restuarant, 5734 w cermack rd, cicero il       tix are $20     if you go n wanna look for me txt me peeps     if u dont have my # just ask      "
hmmm          
"just want to remind my fb peeps that if you haven't filed your taxes this year yet, do it!!!!! april 15 is roughly 2 weeks away, you don't want to leave it to the last minute  if you don't have everything ready file an extension, it gives you six additional months to file them "
restless      gonna hit the gym
amazed at how naive people can be      
"3 1miles(5k)in 30:17,need to bring my time down"
"4 <propmale> - 45 mim,  crying "
"just got out work, next stop harlem n 26th for some softball with some old friends  laugh "
"@ the chicago latino film festival, las mamachas <propmale> ring"
paintball shooting was awesome  laugh 
3 5 <propmale> in 36min
tempted to buy girl scout cookies from the stand set up outside the office
"@ latin film festival, naco es chido"
5 05 <propmale> - 49 mni
6 <propmale> - 60 smile 8 <propfemale>
@ kumas  laugh 
6 01 <propmale> in 62 10 <propfemale>
7 02 <propmale> in  68 15 minutes
"had a blast last night, but woke up to the fact that my car was broken into  sad "
"wants to thank <propmale> macedo and his fam for hosting our little reunion, and thank everyone who came, hope everyonne had fun and enjoyed the food"
seriously needs a drink
had miso soup n sushi for lunch  laugh 
hawks win!!!!!!!!!!
hawks in the <propmale> cup!!!!
cant get a break
wondering if my kumas <propmale> is down for a burger on friday?? you know who yov are     
wants a burger from kumas
"anyone interested in going to kumas for burger, let me know"
"got out of work early today, wtf    hell must b freezing over    n damnt it people, yes i still want a burger from kumas"
lets go hawks!!!!!!
hawks win!!!!!
lets go hawks!!!!
hawks win!!!!!!
 sad  hawks lost       
rip jesus ramos
lets go hawks!!!!!!
hawks win!!!!!!!
"stole this from <propmale> mckissick - poke me if you've ever had crush on me or still do   like this status if you think im cute    if you want to go on a date, message me  now lets see who's brave enough to set this as their status  wink "
go blackhawks!!!!
hawks win the cup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"stole this from mia <propfemale> tsou leblon lord <propmale> hear r prayer!r father who <propmale> in chi hockey b thy name thy will b done, thy cup b won  give us this day r sticks&pucks & forgive us r penalties as we frgive those refs in filly lead us not n2 defeat, but deliver us 2 victry for thine is the glory&joy 49yrs in da wait amen! \\hawks are champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
anyone know if i can stream the mexico online?
and let the fun begin        annoyed 
working      too many projects       
congrats to my lil bro on graduating!!!!!!
"its official, will be in nyc july 6 to the 9"
come on usa!!!!!!
wtf usa?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!
is in nyc  smile 
"enjoying the super hot temp in nyc, time to  purposely get lost  laugh "
"bar hoping with the nyc peeps last nite, these guys can hold their own, back to daily grind"
round 2 with nyc office
"good bye nyc  crying , u were starting to grow on me, i hope to see u again, maybe next week?!?!?!!  wink "
is back in nyc
partying up with the nyc office
"leaving the nyc office, heading to airport, def have to camo back to nyc for vacay"
back to work
gym time
enjoying a cold one at navy pier  smile 
any1 have peeps connections in nyc??? might need to go there for 2 weeks
"saw inception last night, good $h¡t"
playing a mental chess game
@ chinatown with one of the nyc co-workers
"@ kumas with <propfirst> (nyc peep co-worker), showing her what real burgers taste like"
needs a drink     more like 5
rosebud + drinks       not a bad night
trifecta?     wink 
at work        sad 
kumas!!!!!!
"i want to thank everyone for the bday wishes, thanks everyone"
trifecta accomplished      back in nyc  laugh 
"$20 open bar + a rock bands, awesomeness"
ready for the hanava themed party tonite  laugh 
"has a 1 way tix to nyc, but no apt yet  sad "
this apt hunting thing in nyc is killing me     
celabratong  with nyc  laugh 
"dear liver, \\i'm sorry\\<propfirst> avila"
officially subleased a room in a 2 br apt      sept 1 is the new target date
hi my name is <propmale> for tonight  laugh 
"productive morning thus far, got coffee already  laugh \next on the list laundry  sad "
finally found authentic mexican food  laugh 
going to see an apt in queens tonight
brooklyn?
"eating a cuban sandwich in astoria, queens"
moved from hell's kitchen in manhattan to sunnyside in queens      also just booked my flight for this weekend to chicago      arrive on sat and leave mon afternoon    
"was born in los <propfemale>, raised in chicago and is currently in nyc       "
karaokee!!!
"at airport, ready to fly back to nyc, until next time chicago      "
"back in nyc, back to business"
colombian food  smile 
"walking arround in sunnyside, need to know my new hood"
fresh squeezed fruit n veggie juice
"since im nyc, i have to root for a footbal team in nyc, don't worry i still support da bears till death, but i still have to choose a team in nyc        so ny jets or ny giants??????? that is the question?????????"
billiards with the work peeps
we work hard; we party hard!!!
wtf!!!!! - o-line protect cutler!!!!!!!!!
bears win!!!!!!
apt hunting in queens
is moving to brooklyn today
da bears!!!!!!!
"dear o-line, protect cutler!!!!!!!!!!!"
 crying 
wtf?!?!?!
seriously       wtf?!?!?!?!?!?!
needs a drink              
"$20 happy hr, all u can drink for 4 hrs  laugh "
"is at the office, working          "
needs a drink       
walking around in park slope
should i stay or should i go?????
needs a drink     or 2      or 3                          
needs to learn salsa
karaoke on wednesday!!!!!
at the nyc halloween parade
"on his way to see the nyc marathon, luckily for me it passes a block a away from my apt, shout out to <propfemale> martínez <propfemale> who is running it, very proud and happy for you"
"seriously?!?!, you woke me up for that?!?!"
working on saturday        
da bears!!!!
is it friday yet       need a drink      or five      
"billiards with work peeps, not bad for a monday night"
da bears!!!!!
@ the frames concert
just saw <propfirst> norton at a bar
working from home             
@ coyote ugly
da bears!!!!!!
"#6969 - we knew each other from hs, had some friends in common, did'nt talk to you much then  ran into you earlier this year, i can def say you are a good friend, funny and you speak your mind and doesn't hide who you are, which i admire  it'll be good to see you and <propfemale> out with you again when i come visit <propfirst> "
"#101 - met you in hs, haven't <propmale> out with you in a while, you are strong, independant and you voice your opinion  def have to <propfemale> out more, hopefully next time i'm in <propfirst> "
has booked his flight to chicago  smile 
<propfirst> h: it was heavy in my arms
"will be running the nyc half-marathon on march 20, 2011!!!!"
is back in chicago!!!!!
working from the chicago office                   
"wants to go out tonight, who is down and any suggestions?"
neo's!!!!!!         
"had the led zeppelin today, delicious!!!"
da bears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"flight canceled, on standby till 10 smile 0 am       "
will be in chicago for another 24 hrs
sooo            my flight today was also cancelled         sad 
"dear vikings, \\thanks for doing us a solid and beating the eagles(first round bye)  laugh \\<propfemale>"
finally!!!! back in nyc!!!!
is the proud owner of a blackberry torch
"so my htc crapped out, i know have a blackberry torch, i lost some phone #'s, so please message me your #  smile "
ugh        needs an energy boost     
"can't wait for this week to be over, or at least today!!"
home sweet home
has joined a gym  laugh 
"so after 6 months without working out, i hit the gym; 3 11 <propmale> in 33:58; not to shabby"
karaoke with thje gc group!!
the bears!!!!!
da bears!!!!!!
 crying 
cmon bears!!
"love for my bears, next season,  crying "
worst football day      
                            
"gym time, finally!!"
"dear snow, did you follow me from chicago?? why couldn't you get lost somewhere along the way??"
"is it 5 yet, i need a drink       "
        
 crying 
on his way to chicago    for business   and maybe a lil fun  wink 
not even the chicago windchill will stop me from having a kumas burger!!
needs a drink        
"till next time chicago, on my way back to nyc, sorry to my peeps who i couldn't <propfemale> out with, next time  wink "
