3ee1b14dd115e5b20c03fa9a0a76700d
happy new year everyone!!!!
trying to get my craft business up and running  open on-line store
"tired  i am e playful erimenting with new bath recipes, like bath bombs and scrubs  my hands stink of fresh rain "
i am in search of guinea pigs for my new bath recipes 
what is up with everyone thinking they know how to fix my problems? i know how it is just getting the ones involved to work with me
added new items to my shop yeaaa
on january 26th i have been married for 3years  boy what did i get myself into
made my first actually sale  i am thrilled  now just need to keep working at it   smile 
have headache and has to clean
furstrated
tired!!! want sleep without cold medicine
i sometimes wonder if i should of listen to a college friend about changing my degree to <propmale>  it seems to fit what i need right now
im bored off to clean house and work on the buz
the color of your bra made the news but will this? lets support our troops  if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!!! this should appear in everyone's status! please do this for the ones that make this the land of free and the home of the brave
i am going to try and crochet a breast  dare you to ask me what this is about!
what should i cook for dinner?
just finished all the filing and business of january  i am just glad i do not have to worry about feb 
got my taxes filled  hurray 
im tired of cleaning!!!
i have had multiple sales this week  yes!!! i am so happy!!!
working on orders almost all the time!!! it is a good thing 
got all orders done  now to do other things i want to do 
happy st  <propfemale>'s day
wondering if i am suppose to work tonite 
i dont want to clean y cant my husband and boys keep the house clean while im at work
"azy used the potty to go poop  hurray, now just got to get peeing down "
happy easter everyone!!! jsoon got to get the youngest so they can raid their easter gifts from the <propfemale> 
survived the weekend!! i got to go horseback riding and prove i still can get on a horse by myself 
mmmmmmmmmmmm strawberry shortcake so good mmmmmmmmmmm
tired of spring cleaning cant wait til done reranging house
feels like crap  just wants to crash  kids wont let happen
still feel like crap whatever i got is kicking my butt
finely feeling better  can get up and clean the torando area from when i was work  y cant my house stay clean while im at work??
if you have not checked out my fan <propfemale> for little spaniel's crafts you should  i have got some cool items completed that i have not posted to my personal <propfemale> 
"i am thinking of doing a giveaway for little spaniel's crafts because my son, azriel's birthday is on mother's day this year "
it is decided i will do a giveaway  the rules to enter will be listed on the little spaniel's crafts fan <propfemale>  the prize is a $15 certificate  enteries will be everything from a purchase to becoming a fan or suggesting someone to become a fan 
"i'll admit i'm a handful  unfortunately most women won't repost this  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best  that's why it takes a real man to be able to put up with me! repost if your woman enough!!"
i want a vacation  who wants to come?
"hey if you havent heard i am doing a giveaway for my business  you can enter by becoming a fan, suggesting someone becomes a fan, making a purchase or commenting on the fan <propfemale>  it is under little spaniel's crafts "
"why do people make relationships fail on purpose? i am not talking about the ones were there is no hope, but the ones that can be fixed if there where communication "
"bribing my oldest to potty train with pop and books, and maybe a chick  lol"
just got back from taking azy on an emergency trip to eye doctor  want nap
"my throat hurts, im losing my voice, and my son is attacking me  sad "
y does my youngest scream & come running when i start to vaccum  he also needs to b held when i vaccum
i got to work tonight and just want to nap     why am i tired all the time the last two weeks
i am finishing steamcleaning my livingroom and then on to the hallway and boys room 
i want attack geese to protect my house lol 
pissed off      cass county court system is so fucking crocked is amazing more innocents are not in jail 
sooo tired just worked last nite and back tonite      kids wont let me sleep
i am wondering if i should start selling my craft items thru facebook???? what do you guys think?
i made up my mind  i will sell things on here but to see the specials and discounted sales you have to become a fan of little spaniel's crafts 
the first sale on little spaniel's crafts is up so you have to check out the <propfemale> to see what it is  
got someone who is ordering a special dress for now and might order more  yeapppppy!!!!
happy 4th everyone
the new sale item is up on little spaniel's craft <propfemale> so check it out 
tired!!! i dont even know y i got a full night of sleep  did the children put a spell on me so i will sleep and they wont??? lol
got ran off the road by a semi today 
<propfirst> starteda new job today!!!!
feels like crap     finely can get on computer since sis decided to rearrange the play area and didnt hook up the computer     also had a bladder infection move into kidneys should  know if have to go to hosiptal
well <propfirst> got laid off again cuz the company he was working for is a rat 
"if you have a wonderful man, who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you,\ who works hard & would do anything for you, that makes you laugh, \that's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is your \world & someone that you're thankful for every day repost this?"
why are people stupid? i have been having vegans and vegtarians trying to tell me that eating meat is the same as a serial killer 
"on my fan <propfemale> little spaniel's crafts: alright\ we are up to 30 fans, let us see if we can get to 50 fans  the 50th fan\ and the one who suggested them will each get a $15 certificate "
got to work tonite and hoping the cell phone decides to still work from when the <propmale> decided that it was a cookie and need to be dunked in milk
still working on a friend's wedding gift and that <propmale> doll dress    there are pics of the dress up on little spaniel's crafts <propfemale> dare you to check it out 
fun!!!! both boys have fevers     up with <propmale> now
i do not know what to do with my self  azy is going to school from 8 till 330  maybe i should clean 
while azy is at school so much more gets done and <propmale> becomes more demanding  he just dug his nails into my arm to get my attention to pick up his blanket and then him 
"well azy got sick yesterday before lunch at school  so this morning when the school knew that he wasn't going to be there, they forgot to tell the bus driver, so azy was all upset about not riding the bus  than at 1200am my brother rolled his car  so let us hope the day gets better"
can we say the mortgage companies are scam artist? cuz they are nothing but a shipload of lairs 
"ahaha the doctor, according to <propfirst>, is being mean "
got a new puppy  he is <propfemale> sweat and laid back  now just for potty training 
"youngest child, donny aya, decided to get up at 4 am and not go back to bed and keep me up  than what does the little devil do go back to sleep when i got to get big bro ready for school  maybe i can take a nap in a minute "
"my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best \describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be 1\ word  then copy and paste this post on your wall,so i can leave a word \about you!"
"not feeling too good, for some reason getting sulfur burps ?????"
ten times better  working still on that dress but almost done : )  if you want to see pics you need to go to little spaniel's crafts 
right now can't upload new pictures of my crafts to sell  sad  arguing still with the mortgage company   have had three people say they would mail me things to help me keep my home and just got a letter from a lawyer talking about foreclosure  sad  it just makes u go what the f****
"busy, busy     isn't it funny how everyone says they will work with you, but when you need them to, they want their money now "
finally getting somewhere on the mortgage  they got the paperwork but apparently need some other things that were not mention  but hopefully everything will be worked out 
"special\ needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure, and it's \notcontagious  they want what we all want, to be accepted  most of \youprobably won't copy and paste this  could you do it and leave it \onyour status for at least 1 hour? it's special education week, and \this   is in honor of all the kids    who need a little extra help and \understanding "
wish me luck  i am doing the craft show at the vip mall in nebraska city  hopefully i can make some money 
it is pretty sad when you call the mortgage company to find out what info they are missing    and than want to know where all the money you sent went then get transfer between two departments multiple time and still cant get an answer  by their records there is only 500 something in suspended funds when they should have 1300  so where did the other 600 go?????
"good news, finally figured out where the missing money went  to my escrow balance  i also found out that their computers say i am only 3 months behind plus four dollars and some change  so my house went into foreclosure over less than 5 dollars!!!!"
i have finished some crocheted butterfly appliques and  crochet flower appliques  i will be listing them soon and than maybe make some with clips to sell  i will try to get pics up later 
"okay  i think things are going better  not getting as sick all the time  sent the mortgage company money, started cleaning my room, and getting more craft items done "
"trying to get a huge holiday stock up  working on a stork pouch for photos  the yarn is so soft, i want to cuddle with it "
okay azy just decided that he wants to be <propfirst> mouse for halloween  i am going to crochet the ears  should i do the shorts too? cuz i am going to put him in a black sweat outfit with white gloves  i just have not figured out the yellow shoes yet  maybe crochet a cover? input anyone?
okay i am thinking about crocheting some berets  i know black and dark blue are good colors  just do not know any other colors to do them in  any suggestions?
"okay i am thinking of doing what is a comment game with my business, just not sure if it is a good idea "
okay very little sleep and got azy's teacher coming for a visit somehow need to make the boys kep the house clean  this sounds like trouble 
if any one knows a friend in plattsmouth omaha bellevue area that needs props and would not have a problem trading pictures for props  please let me know  my craft item pics could use a make over 
i feel like crap  my yearly onset of coughing fits has started and i got to work tonite  whis me luck 
happy halloween everyone!!!!
"k so the mortgage company says we are approved for a modifacation, now we are waiting for the paperwork "
"got the paperwork, sent it back  they put what we owe at the end of the mortgage,lowered our rate and the first payment is due january "
"1 go\ to google maps  2  go to \get directions \"" 3  type japan as the start \",3ee1b14dd115e5b20c03fa9a0a76700d,"<propfirst> was pretending to be a sleep and i suggested to the boys we should make daddy \pretty\"" with mommy's makeup  azy went \""no pretty daddy\"""""
"okay i need some help to get my marketing plan formed, so if some of my friends can answer these two questions i would really appreciated it  thanks\how would you describe me?\how would you describe my business?"
thank you veterans and all who serve 
"okay it is freezing and looks like the s word (now none can blame me if it happens)  i got to go to work for tonight, all day tomorrow, and saturday night  so hopefully i can stay warm "
survived taking kids to dentist 
so would need a cigarette if i smoked 
wanting a nap  so tired and don't know y  maybe iron low again  maybe i should look for those nasty damn pills?
is it a bad thing to not always tell the world what i am thinking? especially if i know that it is not ready for me?
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info, invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don'taccept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her then you get the virus too! pl   ease copy and paste to your wall"
happy thanksgiving 
finished all my shopping and home to get ready for the craft show this weekend 
last day of the craft show  feel free to come down and check it out in nebraska city outlet mall 
"\poke\""me\",3ee1b14dd115e5b20c03fa9a0a76700d,went to hobby lobby yesterday and purchase a program i have been wanting for years now  it is one that turns pictures into cross stitch  got home and the box was empty  took it back and got to wait for at least two weeks for it to arrive  but they are willing to trade teh empty box for the program once it arrives 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6), there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories this is for violence against children"
beer
"just open an actual facebook store on little spaniel's crafts  if you are a fan, you get a discount if you purchase it off there "
i do not want to be a wake yet!!!!
"azy has picked up the saying \oh man\"" good example is this morning  azy \""i need my bookbag\""\",3ee1b14dd115e5b20c03fa9a0a76700d,i found white stuff in my bed that doesn't belong to me or my husband?????
"if you are not a fan of little spaniel's crafts, you should because i only 7 fans away from the free gift certificates "
i got another job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy valentines day 
make sure to check out little spaniel's crafts <propfemale> for your <propmale> to win a free crochet spring beanie!!!
check out little spaniel's crafts for a <propmale> to win a crochet sock monkey!!!
what the f**** is wrong with people? especially when you work for people and you work your a** off  than stab you in the back  maybe i should quit working there????? what do my true friends think?
"doesn't make much sense, does it?? homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts  repost       my mom always said <propfemale> begins at home and home is the usa"
another week of giveaways on my craft business's fan <propfemale>  check it out  little spaniel's crafts 
any one know a photographer that needs photo props?
i am just tired!! pyschically and emotionally so if i seem like a complete downer or space ball  i really just can not get my give a dam up 
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do  \[like] this status if you think am a good friend  \[message] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  i wont tell anyone\[comment] on this if we have had good memories  \now let's see who's brave enough to copy this and put it on their status!  smile "
happy st  <propfemale> day!!!!
"before any one freaks out, <propfirst> is alright but he soooo totaled the malibu  so he gets to drive my lumina when we get the new vechile "
"i have more proof on why i should get the new vechile          <propfirst> got rear ended in my lumina  just a dent in the bumper and <propfirst> is fine, but proof on why i should get the new vechile "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think"
i had lunch with a football player sliding down a hill because i think i need some serious help 
"if your dad is, or was, a hard working man, and is your hero, has helped you no matter how good or bad you were, and is just the best dad ever; if you are blessed to still have your dad, or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad! i love my dad!!!"
