b54443595e365c482959c027d4404db2
yep the girl is back!!!
omg my daddy wants me to pay rent!!! what is the world coming to???
i can't dance but i can dance on ya!!!
looking for a sponsor!!!
<propfemale> herrin i hate it when folks your so called friend cousin but you're the last to find out about anything  yeah <propfemale> dis for you  you are blacklisted for 2010 or until i say otherwise  <propfemale> will be your new spades partner  so get ready to be a loser this year  lol
faith herrin <propfemale> herrin stop trying to be me  i'm an orginial can't be dublicated or copied  there is none other like me  best believe!
bored bout to go stick my nose in a book!!! goodnight!
<propfemale> hightower faith herrin <propfemale> herrin <propfemale> herrin <propfemale> '<propfemale>' matthews why do i have sooooo many fake family memebers!!!!!
"taking applications for a new female friend, must be at least 21 years of age, single, no kids, like to go out & have a good time, keeps it 100 no matter what, and perfers light skin or white men!!! because i like em dark  last request is very important! can wavier on some qualification if you're cool! lmbo!"
praying that the lord order and direct my steps everyday! refusing to let another year past me by!!
faith herrin <propfemale> herrin <propfemale> herrin wow you guys really came through tonight and i had so much fun before i can to work! forget what yall say <propfirst> is so fine he's beyond cute to the point where he is just so fine!!!! oh yeah yall know i've been on my pimpin today!!!
it feels <propfemale> good to have options   
"stop hatin, you couldn't walk a mile in my stilettos!!!"
"not gonna worry, not gonna stress because when the sh!it hits the fan we will see who will be left standing!!!!"
"done with females all together, <propfemale> h <propfemale> & syretta i'll ride or die for yall anyday all the rest that claimed to be a friend  go play in heavy traffic!!! lmbo!!!!"
"being me ain't easy, loving me is kinda hard, but no matter what i keep it 100 even when times get hard!!!!"
kinda like a light switch i'll flip the swtich lights on light off lights on lights off
"wondering why is it that most men don't even know what a man really is or what a man is suppose to do, and why women don't know their place and role! the world is so screwed up, and will continue to go down hill until people wake up!!!!"
everyday is another <propmale> to start over and get things right!!!!
ugh!!!!
"can someone e playful lain to me how it is that a guy is in a relationship, but get mad and jealous when you talk to someone else  dude we're just friends! you're not my man, but i know dealing with a sexy real chick like me can mess your head up!!! hey if i was you, i would want me too!"
"being a player is hard, thats why i'ma pimp! anybody wanna join my team!?!?!?!?!"
"even though kids are a blessing from god, i thank god i don't have any!!! kids nowadays are just too much to deal with  oh my bad it's not the kids fault it's these sorry behind parents!"
"tired, aggravated, and a lil disturbed  had to cancel my plans because folks don't know how to pick up their kids on time!!!!"
tired of folks running their mouth and don't know the full story or all the details  so keep my name out your mouth!!!!!!!! and they wonder y i don't like people!
"yeah my plans were messed up but it's all cool, shout out to kg, for saving the night and coming thru!!!!!"
i think i made the right decision by staying home instead of going out  sometimes you just need that me time 
debating on if i should go out or not    last time it was drama    i'm tired of fighting!!!
"looking up strippers for the bacherlorette party, getting an early start  all my young female family 21+ get ready, or either a party bus  haven't quite deciced either or miracle is gonna be mad!!! should've thought twice bout making me and faith maids of honor"
"i'm starting to broaden my horizons, went on a date with a white boy  got alot of dirty looks and a few racist comments, but who cares  as long as i'm happy it really doesn't matter!"
"date number 2 going down tonight, i wonder if i'm gonna have to put up with more ignorance from black folks?!?!?!?!?!?"
"thank god it's friday, for my people who aint got no job everyday it's friday  all my ladies say i don't feel like cooking you no breakfast this morning  all my fellas say  well you don't have to cook me breakfast cause your girlfriend will after you leave!!!"
"long day but feeling good, bout to go shoot some pool and kick back for the night  my relaxation time!!"
"i'm in high demand and there's only enough for one, so you better step your game up!!"
"wow, today is almost as beautiful as me!!!"
"if i could date myself and only me, i swear i would be a lesbian!"
rip neicee!!! keep my brothers company up there until god calls the rest of the family home! you will truely be missed
