eae6eb337f3e643544185f3bb03adfaa
watching matchbox 20 on channel 2
will never put up wall paper for anyone again   ever!!!
"just finished reading <propmale> leary's book why we suck   read it, know it, live it "
<propmale> <propfirst> died of pnemonia today crying 
is leaving for red river tonight only to come back sunday morning   
reading rainbows last episode ever is today   it was on for 26 years   now who will teach children to read?
"quit smoking today   what! ggaaahhh!!! i'm not acting pissed off   you're acting stupid!  oh, sorry "
can't get video to upload to facebook  gaaaahhhh!
wishes that people would quit sending him stupid farm stuff!  that's right i said it   s-t-u-p-i-d!!!!
needs a new hobby   or at least some motivation 
"went to get in the shower this morning and found a tube of toothpaste and a certain someones favorite stuffed animal (frog) submerged in the toilet             he's not even a year old, and it's already begun         "
is posting mediocre things
has something on his mind 
needs a new profile picture
"would like to go see that dmb, gogol bordello 3d movie but it's not playing anywhere close to here "
new coheed in april      mmmmmmm
"facebook is a huge pile of crap    nothing works, and that stupid update deleted half of everything "
just realized that last semester effectively killed my social life   happy new years everyone 
"was once told that \the greatest day in your life is not when you got married or when your child was born    the greatest day in your life will be when your child learns to use the toilet    you will get on your knees and praise the lord \""  i am starting to believe it """
got a new computer!
needs to go see a concert soon 
just found his phone in the toilet   thanks <propmale>   if i had your <propfirst> i lost it   send it to me in a facebook message
could die happy
is 26 and has been told he's ready for the retirement home
is tired of homework   spring break feels about as real as <propfemale> clause  (and no there is no such person)
has many leather-bound books and his apartment smells of mahogany 
"if anyone in my family is worried about my brother being in kyrgyzstan don't, because <propfemale> otunbayeva said hat they can continue unaffected "
thinks that facebook was meant for sarcasm                           waiting for it
western+samurai+awesome=sukiyaki western django    watch it 
just saw an add for extreme midget wrestling on tv!!!!!!!  i might have to drive to new mexico to see it    
"needs another new hobby, and some more time in every day"
"is going to be up writing his essay on \e playful lorations in ottoman prehistory\""       it's about as fun as it sounds    """
1 down   3 to go
what you once were isn't what you wanna be anymore
hates it when your 0 3 points away from an a in the class   just help me out furner!!!
needs something to fill his time
is home from red river 
"accidentaly used his wifes account to post comments on other peoples posts    \<propfemale>, if you should get strange, or hateful, messages just remember to log off next time   "
loves smart fm   it is possibly the most useful website ever
wishes that one of his karaoke buddies would have kept himself out of trouble    i really want to go tomorrow             i need a life
"snarf   snarf,snarf   snarf i say, snaaarfff!!!"
woke up with my son sitting on my chest poking me in the face today
loves it
"loves getting beat into the lake water at 30mph by an inner-tube that is upside-down  seriously, i love it "
finally has a phone again
"man,  i'm lit up like the fourth of july "
is sleeping in a couch cause his lady left him somewhere      hmmm 
is stoked that chandler's back!
going to r&r with chandler  anyone else?
"\behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes \"""""
is wondering when he will get into the swing if things 
i want to dress up my son as a vampire and give him a sippie-cup full of blood this halloween   i need help in convincing <propfemale> 
loves karaoke!
who knew you could pull your hamstring by playing basketball outside in the cold without stretching first!         uh 
civic center tattoo convention = lame-o
"yesterday my kid tried to flush his diaper down the toilet (he's potty training), no big deal, i fixed it pretty easily  today he pissed on my computer     "
the best gift i have received is the realization that so many people care for me  thanks to everyone who took the time out of their busy day to remind me of that 
