7abf4f280db77c90ee5ebcc50b7789dd
maybe i will start using facebook 
"is back from new orleans, going to work, dogs "
okay so i can't fucking upload photos because i can't download the motherfucking facebook software? what the fuck the fucking file isn't foud fucking dammit its bullshit! help?
guess what time it is!!!
there is nothing better than pooping when you wake up 
"ummm, k, so i really want a redbull who wants to donate cash or beverage to the cause? come to my house   this is an invitation for all stalkers to meet me!"
"that's right only cool people find $80 on the ground   ha, bitches i'm so cool "
god dammit didn't really sleep last night    gonna go to the nooner and buy a paper <propfemale> light from that store momentum on <propfemale>   
bah humbug i don't want math class to happen tonight   i'm tired and have a redbull hangover; didn't exactly sleep!
fuck blow
i want whatever so bad its not even something i just uh  you know? its like damn  huh can get you killed 
homework sucks   i want to skip easter and go to next week   i want that mystery beverage that i had the other day   i need to eat but i don't feel like it   i want to see my left tit (<propfemale>!)   i want the weather to be nicer   [dense]
"when you were 22 months old, you were three feet tall, mister <propfirst> gonzalez jr "
"work at 5 smile 0, trying to make myself eat until then   come cook for me, stalkers "
"byba: i'm sorry but i don't think \yay scales\"" is a good name    i still say that those are not what the words imply """
"dear @<propfemale> grandbois , i am going to smoke a cigarette  please text me "
lmfao that didnt  wooork
that last hour at work was soooo pointless 
i ain't no goddamn son of a bitch - you better think about it baby
can't believe i slept that fucking late    
is watching paranormal state on hulu    thanks lefty
spelling is funnnnn
can't believe muse was postponed until october 2              whatever  i'm fine 
oh emme gee i need a fucking ciggy
i don't only trust my lefty    so    do i look strung out in my main photo?  (cuz i was)
raveonettes on repeat    mmm    fuck sleep 
stop my kangabathroom has aids
amp tastes like shit when i wake up from unsleepishness
just snorted vit  c out from her nose while eating and coughing   oooouuuccchhh
wants dinner and vitamin c and sleep 
life is so boring without a left tit
"is contemplating a haircut    hmm, yes   "
no haircut   sad
it's too early to be this tired    merrr   
meeting the sponsor woman for stepwork at 2 in bouldah
does not feel good   something about a virus and wanting to get high 
fucking ransacked my room and went carpet surfing   there was only baking soda  thank god  1000bpm
i'm officially not a pumpkin   dammit <propfemale> godmother youre a lying sack of shit i ran all this way for nothing
are ads on facebook customized or does everybody see the shit about drug rehab and the 12 steps?  also i want ice cream   fuck i wish i could eat 
okay ice cream made me feel sick so now i want lentils   insanity 
ok whoever calls their company bunkspeed is a fucking idiot 
does anybody need want a copy of my book? (somewhere over the brainbow: the good book   the good sequel)
evil dead = best rape scene ever (or only good rape scene ever)
laughing is good
3 bad days in a row and i'm ready to die   what a spoiled bitch 
nvhs seniors: help i haven't been around to know when i'm supposed to be   what are the important dates that i should come back for before graduation?
omg i hope i did well on my math test   gonna find out at 5 and i really have a good feeling about it   weeee fingers crossed 
both tits  chilling  together   in unitedness 
loves this weather   
dudes  my feet hurt   
is really worried   
only losers use ipads    the big girls use itampons!
time for school   wooo     (sarcasm)
you in your thong and me in my dandeloincloth
paranoia and selfishness don't mix well 
i'm hungry   what should i eat?
"lmfao   if anybody would like to assist, <propfemale> and i would really like to be on tfln "
showed up for work 5 5 hours early    what the fuck
bitchin camero! bitchin camero! i ran over my neighbor
just watched the new simpsons episode    it was sad i almost cried    poor whale!   annoyed 
can't wait to get her hair cut tomorrow    
"dudes, fuck annotated bibliographies!"
feels evil!  sad  not okay! haha
got her hair cut! and now needs a nap   
"it's weird that curves is a place for women to lose weight, not to love their curves "
i spent so much time believing all the lies to keep the dream alive
i just remembered a dream from last night:  i ate a really squishy tootsie pop   laugh 
"<propfemale> finch, you kick ass"
"oh emme gee, it's precipitating "
"ooooh well i'm so clean cut, i just wanna fuck some sluts cuz iiii love livin in the city "
off to have some snuff  xoxoxo (i just hugged and kissed myself)
butterflies
needs a ciggy-poo
is doing homework    ugh 
got pushed to the limit 
it's too late to be a kid in love   we're the kids in hate!
why is the <propmale> of persia white?
"doesn't wanna go to work in the morning, or to take her math final in the evening    bleh"
fuck mla 
war of the elbows: that is my arm rest 
they call me papa  papa squat   i piss on yo lawn til the break of <propfemale> :{ )
"yes, it feels too real   i'm waiting one day at a time for you to come back "
time for some gaba 
i just peed in my back yard   yay pee 
i got new ink under my skin  wink 
is going on a wander with <propfemale>
yay redbull! yay boobs! yay <propmale>! yaaaay
i smell farts but i'm alone and it wasn't me 0 o
in bed
funny things at the squeen   i am chillin with my   queen   lefty
one minute until i can put a shirt on 
fuck x infinity dudes why did i do that what the fuck i'm so lazy
damn it feels good to be a gangster who is working step three 
my brain is not just playing tricks on me   its pulling really fucked up pranks! aaah
"today, i saw a really fucking hot chick    who was wearing a really messy wig "
me > you     because 
mmm salsa binge 
is on itunes getting muuusic
"okay so autumn gave me an na tongue ring, and therefore i'm getting my tongue pierced tomorrow! wooo paaaain"
watching teeth
"let love take over, you know the devil just ain't that smart "
burritos = the shit 
"okay so theres loud construction happening in my backyard, and all morning i was dreaming that they redesigned our house    it was sooo nice    when i woke up i was like damn "
when i woke up this morning one of my rings was broken   fuckdammitshitballscocksuckerfuckingcuntbitchasswhore
"it's my moms bday tomorrow   i wonder how old she is   guess i better find out    lol bad daughter, <propfemale> "
"son of a bitch, i'll just check the weather "
"indeed, this is not a kitchen table, but a desk   yet, i spill burrito-ness all over it   thus, i have a napkin, and thus, said napkin is soaked in burrito-ness   in conclusion, i'm a slob "
"what's with trying to like stuff, but then clicking the link and getting spam bam bammed"
graduated high school today  those 13 years are over!
hungry-hungry-hippos-sized hail!
has a laptop now 
off to work   wish i didn't have to miss the na picnic 
"for serious, dudes   there is a book called furious <propfirst>   a kids book  making fun of curious <propfirst>   i want it   mom and the brother are getting it tomorrow  maybe  yay "
isn't slacking on stepwork today  is almost done with step three 
my dog pissed on my floor  thank god i can't smell 
"green day is not punk   shocking, i know   fucking idiots "
"formspring me ofmurphy      yes, i fell for it "
"i love that french mcdonald's ad   fuck you, <propmale> o'reilly "
this is the wittiest post you'll ever see 
there are no weekends in retail 
oh my god   i want so many tattoos 
pump up the jelly!
"in <propmale>, kickin it titty style wit my clothes off "
top notch ramen chick   eat wit class muthafucka!
"i just looked at my sock and thought it was a diaper   wow    what a day! e playful losions, blackouts, men, women, doggy-make-outs, cigs, horror flicks, <propmale>, literature, friends, and prank texting   today had everything     good naked times amongst tits "
i'm never drinking a bfc again 
fuck me in the cell phone please
"taste the whip, now bleed for me"
my hickies hurt 
woke up with bad brains stuck in my head   still in pain   fucking not ready for fucking work 
why is it so boring here?
"is my cock  big enough, is my brain small enough for you to make me a <propfemale>?"
"woke up at 2am with a fever of 103   fuck this, i needed to go out into the world today   time to wait and eat a shitload of vitamin c advil "
just found undigested salsa in my diarrhea! lol
"in the past two days, i've gotten 63 songs on itunes for 45 bucks that were given to me   hooray music "
"\i got bad brains \"" \""yeah you do \""     haha love my <propfemale>"""
i just puked out my nose after taking vitamin c   ouch it burns worse than snorting e 
i'm too sick to do my hair 
it's dangerous to leave me alone with electronic money and the internet     at least i buy used dvds instead of new 
just found a bushisms book in my room   now i cant stop wondering where i got it 
touch me i'm sick!!!
contemplating the hot sauce chug to kill this virus
okay so its been 5ish days since ive taken my meds   i'm starting to get really dont fuck with me dudes 
oh dear just bought another movie on amazon   i'm hooked on dvds   sssssshhhhit   (but control is sick shit)
ps its probably strep   getting swabbed in the morning 
i choked on some snot and puke came out
gone taquito-in'
they'll be fryin off your hair in that little electric chair
"just got outta the bathroom   are you serious, i really have to pee again?"
scared to sleep because i know my fever will get worse   uuuugggh   going to see the doctor tomorrow 
i'm so itchy i can't sleep i am gonna kill some sheep
"i hate doctors, i hate my family, i hate not taking my meds"
just saw the doc   i have strep   eeew you shoulda seen that q-tip!!  so much pus
i'm thirsty but theres to much pus in my throat to be quenched   oh hell!
hey can anybody give me a ride to gunbarrel tonight so i can make it to the 7 surprise 0 meeting?
so turns out that puking hot sauce and vitamin c really fucked up my nose   now it wont stop bleeding   
my hands smell like feet?  oh no my hands are my feet!
theres nothin on the radio when youre dead
it was a very good idea to go to a meeting   i'm happy   yay happiness
"you had to admit, you wanted the love of a sex offender"
i think my throat is shedding 
its always fun in the dark because people can never tell your ethnicity 
daaaaaammmnn theres some ugly muthafuckas out here tonight!
too much junkie business!!!!!!!   aaaaah i'm so sick of this drama 
slc punk came in the mail
i marked his message as spam    even though it was a love letter   fuck stalkers 
babysitting til <propfemale> gets home from visiting my grand<propfemale> in the icu   then going to tehya's for birthdayness 
"swimming pools are dumb, but i am dumber    so i went swimming "
i polished my snails
fuck hollywood i liked the runaways before the movie 
i'm my main man  dont want notihin from no one
i really should clean    but i want to sleep    uhhh
cleaned   now i'm bored 
anyone in boulder wanna chill for a bit?
yay music   just bought some albums on itunes
<propfemale> lilone grandbois  youre a burrito nazi
i can't believe you slept with green!  thats my favorite color
i have a tye-dyed asshole     l;akusdofijwqer lxzc lkfj9orweljkd
"i hate to think that romance is just a pose, but all i wanna do is rip off your clothes   i'm a pervert"
hates apple juice! and cranberry juice!
i wish i couldve participated in tube to work day
i cunt speel fuk diss
gaaah time for a chips and salsa binge!!!!
wants some brass knuckles    to take to shows
"shaved off the sides of my hair, i have a <propfemale> hawk, whatever that is   uh found out i like being hog-tied    what's new "
i want it to rain    fuck this 95 bullshit
gimme a second water heater
"you want me to kiss your ass, well bend over <propmale> here comes my foot    (pus and blisters sold seperately)"
f is my favorite letter   i'm eating salsa dudes   sex and violence 
must  finish  salsa  can't  fit  it  in  my  stummy  fuck  this  is  too  much 
i don't want no satisfaction i just wanna get some action
holy shit gbh is next week!
goodbye planet it's bed time 
who wants a dvd of slc punk?  somehow i got two from amazon for the price of one 
fucking my psychiatrist accidentally filled me a bottle of speed and i'm freaking the fuck out it's been in my house for a month and my parents found it    holy fucking fuck   i want it in my nose  sad 
i still can't fathom how fucking good gbh was last night!
ps i'm sick again   
uh why does emergen-c smell like shitty coke?
"i hate being sick   i hate my friends being in jail   i hate waiting for <propfirst> to get here   life sucks, i get over it "
i deleted my myspace 
"being sick is boring   i wish i could go to the wasteland tonight    fuck     anyway, i know you guys all suck, but jjr punk fest, anybody?"
"my parents dont like that i go in mosh pits   i showed them the bruises on my knuckles from punching whatever or whoever i punched, and they said \careful you're gonna get punched back \""  they dont understand that that is the point     brotherly violence!"""
i'm so feverrrr
"work is a four letter word, so give it up and dance"
do cough drops e playful ire? cuz this shit is hella sticky weird!
i need to cry but my eyes are constipated
i can't sleep motherfuckers
i'm coughing so much that i think i might choke on my cough drop
i'm so goddamn bored that i'm shopping online   the last thing i need is to spend money on new docs!
the bruise on my face turned green   ew 
"darling fascist bully-boy, \gimme some more money, you bastard  may the seed of your loin be fruitful in the belly of your woman "
sooo     guess i'm going to work today   byebye sick vacation
my brothers passat blew up today 
damn i'm missing out on acudetox today   oh well 
today was straight up fascinating 
three hours!
"no, google, i would not like the recipie for spam imperial tortilla sandwiches "
time to pull out some facial hairs
"taylor: \oh the things i inherit from my father   \"" me: \""at least you didn't inherit the stick up his ass \"""""
aaaw my poor sinus     owie
help help there is an earthquack earthquack earthquack
i wish this summer would last forever    but people leave   shit happens 
"\i know i like the aftertaste    \"""""
leftover crack?! there is no more!
"is sick again, again "
"when summer's gone, where will we be?"
i might lose my job because i've been getting sick so much    sad   also i can't make jjr fest   no-coast because i need to get over this fever and rest 
apparently i never recovered from strep   godfuckingdammit
whore island: bffs only
"every time i open the spam folder in my gmail, there are ads for spam recipies    today it was spam swiss pie   wtf"
"think i broke one of my metatarsals    left foot, second to smallest toe   i can't crack this toe and i really neeeed to!"
i dont know whats wrong with everyone   i love picking my nose    
weeee spending money feels shitty but i have some patches coming from the internet 
anyone who can kick it tonight lemme know 
wasn't tagged in an album 
"finally registered for fall classes     13 credit hours - thats full time, while working a part time job, and trying to make it to meetings     fml "
time for some snuff   mmm 
i want to be cozy 
i need a bit of the old ultra violence
is bored and has a bad headache    shitty combo
i kick ass for the lord!               hadn't seen that movie in years   i still love it!
the blister on my foot kinda looks like a face    ha
it sucks to be depressed when all they play at work is sad whiney love songs 
lost my phone    fuck 
"regret nothing, learn from everything "
"i lost my phone and got a new sim card so if you haven't already, please message me your number "
"i'm bored, someone kick me!  hurry"
i hate it when i get called in to work on my day off 
three words for tomorrow   lower  class  brats                         fuck yeah
may i see the buttock?
i am so fucking tired      so why am i on facebook?
"when i get really fucking tired and i have a song stuck in my head, every thing i hear starts turning into that song        and i hardly slept last night so every noise in the world has become above the law - against all authority "
i hate money!
"so, it's official   i have a student <propfemale>   meerrrrrr debt "
i really miss <propfemale>      
nope it's not the cat that's got my tounge           
"somehow i lost my (hoop) nose ring in my sleep   weird, because i normally need both hands to get it out "
it's too early to be alive
you're like a dog going after a ball that was never thrown
"i cleaned my room \thats how bored i was"
"won fucking $500 in a goddamn raffle, yo!  shits great, except that <propfirst> sargologos needs to call me "
got the $500 check!
holy fuck sleeping is the shit 
i wonder how i got the giant bruise on my arm   
bought a hookah   her name is <propfemale> 
i hate waiting 
"i saw the coolest thing on the stairs by the bus stop today   it was a dead rat, and all the fur was still there, but it looked like it was melting away    the flesh was gone, and you could see the bones    but the fur, man!  the fur!  the fur was melting "
school sucks 
"dont feel to good   going to get more antibiotics, again, for strep, again   round number fucking three   dammit   go away, you evil bacteria "
part of rock creek (some stupid townhouses) is on fire and like 5 news vans and a couple helicopters are here   there is so much traffic man people in this town get bored 
i'm hungry     but if i eat i'll puke  sad 
got my first stick & poke   satanic tramp stamp! 999 right on my ass cheek 
"omg, i have my heart fucking set on moving into the winbro building   i just have to wait until january "
i hate waiting for items to ship   i want my no gods  no managers backpatch now 
"   you wanna hold hands in the cemetery, and you wanna stay lost for all eternity, and everything is dark and kind of scary, and you crave the full <propfemale>, but i don't care   "
fuck cancer 
i am so excited to sleep!  goodnight 
"i eat babies, i like big butts, and there's a cum rag around my neck    and i'm a mormon"
i feel like my mind got hit by a bus    fml 
i'm too tired   anxious to go see the fire with my fam     fuck mannn
has strep again   goodnight 
"i am sick and all i want is a really spicy chai, along with blueberry pancakes "
i'm sick    i'm making a reishi brew     i hope i get better in time to see the boyfriend    blah   
doesnt wanna babysit tonight 
what is the thrill in spamming?
to live is to be exhausted 
"drink a glass of water, you're drinking acid rain"
"if you could be my only friend, i'd treasure all the time we spent "
oh my fucking god   its seriously been four years since i broke up with him    and he wants me back   all he is is a goddamn stalker   fuck man i hate this shit   why won't he go away?!
finally started step four 
"when you grab ahold of me, tell me that i'll never be set free "
i am so fucked for school 
i'm earring lamf 
ouch my everything hurts 
i made this bed - i'm gonna lie in it
yay i did homework for once!
trip hop is so sexxxy 
it puts the lotion in the basket
i'm tired of giving everything to people who can give nothing back    and i'm tired of not being able to tell reality from emotions   
diggin the rain
"wow i have never seen a kid blow so many chunks in my life   long story short, work sucked today    except for the part where i paged myself over the intercom  lol"
chai flan =       smile 
i swear i held my own hand pretending it was yours   
omg nerds sound so tasty right now    dunno why
i can't wait for birthday cake 
mmm = marzipan   birthday = satisfying   i = tired 
355 forks in the drawer   
anyone from louisville superior area going to the na dance tonight? i'm looking for a ride 
"some lady offered me a ride to the poll   i guess i voted today, huh?"
plur = people look ugly rolling
writers block sucks
i hate being sick
"i never want to hear a doctor say \i don't know\"" again """
oh bitter jesus the precipitation is twisting in the wind creating some kind of strange whateverness!!!
i'm hungry but everything i eat feels like broken glass     
boring status post
i'm so sorry that you have to like that kind of music   
i think the default photo for females on this website looks like darth vader 
i'm so bored that i'm sad
"tehya bubbleyumm brown , i want to <propfemale> out with you   call me "
bored before work   this sucks
hey everybody go check out the new collage i posted in my album arts 
"if my sister's goldfish could talk, it would constantly be saying \momomomomomo\"""""
"off to work   see you later, world "
"you say hippie, i say yippie  (not as in i'm excited)"
omg you guys fortune cookies look like little hooves!
"i'm gonna sit here and eat shitty chocolate, waiting for a phone call that i don't actually think is gonna come   "
noooooner
new tattoo!  swallow skeletons - chest piece   no pics yet sorry 
you can go nanananana yourself 
i wish people i've never met would stop friend requesting me 
i am so not looking forward to working today   in retail   today = black friday   fuck 
holy shit i just remembered that last night i had a dream i was playing pokemon on gameboy color
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood \the goal? to not see a human face on fb until monday, dec 06  \join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status\to invite your friends to do the same"
nap time!
i'm missing dri  work til midnight   sad 
today my sister (7 years old) asked my mom what the third leg on a male mannequin was    lmfao 
tonight fucking sucks 
i smelled my dog's butt once 
my new docs arrived early!  and circle jerks thursday!
i have a love hate relationship with time 
just bought adicts tickets!!!
got my subhumans mdc tix
mornings suck big swollen asshole!
fresh outta the shower   in a really pissed off mood   probably because i used soap 
i just saw <propmale> maes take a dump on <propmale> thrash's stomach     damn 
"okay, bed time   or else "
must    stay    awake   
so you're saying my wife is dead?            high five!
i hate waiting 
i think i'm coming down with a really bad case of the fuck-its 
"the sky turns green where i end, and you begin"
does anybody know the website for the <propmale>?  google doesn't 
ok just bought bad brains tickets 
"i hate getting hit on, especially at work "
"i want a cig, but the wind is blowin at 40mph   "
so bummed that i'm missing sfh friday    gotta work instead  sad 
so glad i made it to <propfemale> fucking hipsters last night!
"i think i know what's gonna happen \i just don't know what i'm gonna do about it "
i might be sick 
ugh so my parents think i hate them because i always ask them for money 
i wanna get laser hair removal on my pubes!!! too bad im not <propmale> 
your promises don't mean shit 
"wow, it's such a beautiful night!"
ever feel like you miss the good old days    and then realize there were none?
