19967692d6793a696b419a084541b81d
partayyyy time!!!!
"today is an unwind day, movie day in our pjs anyone?"
"stupid fruit fly project, why do teachers give unassignments over the break? lame "
cobb tonight 
open mouth insert foot  thats my life 
"dinner, then movie with muhder "
just made this and chit chating with christian  smile 
off to dreamland    
talking to <propfirst>  smile 
off to maymes then mall  youth tonight  text me if you wanna chill 
"off to youth with <propfemale>, text me "
"loves playing cards with the crew, even though tonight i played miserabley!"
watching abdc then i gots to clean  sad  text me 
in the process of cleaning today i managed to flood my whole bathroom! fabulous more cleaning  sad 
chilling with <propfemale>!  smile 
beach+sunburned tan= smile 
"did some yard work this morning, most work i've done in awhile haha "
off to church with <propfemale>  smile 
is chilling with <propfemale>  smile 
"watching <propfemale> montanna, eating a marvelous dinner then packing for beach retreat  smile "
packed for beach retreat and can't wait!  smile 
had so much fun on the beach retreat  smile 
someone want to do something today?
had a fun day today and tomorrow should be really fun too  smile 
tubing!! im stoked    
had fun tubing but now im really tired haha 
"goodnight  international mall tomorrow, woot woot!"
went shopping today and going again friday! school in one week from noww  :
going to moe's with <propfirst> tonight  smile 
bed  tubing in the morning  smile 
i don't feel good   
feeling <propfemale> much better today! orientation at 4   
"off to lunch with my mommy and <propfemale>, orientation at 4 "
off to orientation   
mallorys tonight   if she'll ever get home 
plans changed 
school tomorrow and im still sick  :
good first day i guess  : now only 179 days to go 
friday tomorrow!
"<propfemale> tired and going to bed, i hate having to wake up at 5 smile 0  sad  anyways meet and greet tomorrow then mallorys after  woot woot  let me know if your going to the meet and greet "
"bored and mother did not take me shopping like she promised  sad  haha just saying that to mess with her, but for real she didn't take me shopping  sad "
it's sunday that means school in the morning  great  : time to do last minute homework 
why are things so complicated? everyone needs to stop and breath 
going to jump my problems away on the trampoline  laterrrr 
church tonight 
im hungry   
at maymesss  smile 
tomorrows friday   finally  smile 
can't wait for this weekend  smile )
"had an amazing labor day weekend, now time for school again   "
"bed time, im sooo tired  can't wait for thursday!!  smile "
had a pretty decent day except for the fact i feel terrible but tomorrow i get these silly braces off   woot woot!  smile ))
no more braces for me  smile 
had a good day   went to lunch with my mommy& daddy  anyone want to hangout tonight?
"saw up tonight and it was sooo cute, i absolutley loved it  smile "
in a strange mood  : but watching the vmas 
bed time  school in the morning  sad 
all <propmale> people! when is homecoming?
"i have to wake up before the sun tomorrow so im going to sleep   but to think ill wake up and it will only be tuesday  : miserable, straight miserable!"
blah blah blah! why am i always so tired?
"i had a extremly interesting day   lets just say you gotta love <propmale> hart when he chases you through the court yard at school screaming \baby girl baby girl! you going to homecoming?!\"" in front of everyone at lunch  yeah lets just say i ended up behind a bush  gotta love freshman """
gonna try to drift away to dream land if only my brain will shut up long enough! haha goodnight  smile  dress shopping for homecoming tomorrow!
day 1 of homecoming dress shopping and it was an epic fail! hopefully i'll find something tomorrow   
day 2 of finding the perfect homecoming dress and just as yesterday it was another epic fail!! is anyone else having this much trouble? or is it just me   
"day 3 and i finally found it, my dream dress! we had to go all the way to tampa but i found my perfect homecoming dress! yay! thanks mom  smile  staying the night with <propfemale> "
can't wait for school tomorrow   not! lol well at least we only have three days after that and then homecoming this weekend  woot woot!  smile 
people can be so aggravating!!
"going to sleep, cain't wait for this weekend!  smile "
"homework, talking to <propfirst>, and then volleyball at 6  smile "
"just got done playing volleyball, love it! but i suck at it  smile  haha "
even though we had monday off it was an extremley long week but im so excited <propmale> homecoming is tomorrow! woot woot! watching the lakeland game   go dreadnaughts!
"homecoming today!!! can anyone tell me what the score was last night with lakeland, i kinda fell asleep lol "
hahaha just had the greatest laugh! my moms so silly sometimes    going to grannys for a family dinner 
is not having a very good day today or week   
going to see whip it with my mommy  laugh  text me 
just saw whip it with my mommy and now im inspired haha  anyone want to do something? just text me  smile 
bed time  laugh 
i can not wait for tomorrow! this is going to be a great weekend  laugh 
halloween horror nights was amazing yesterday! tonights going to be fun to  laugh 
"had to most epic day today  first after school i found out i have to stay untill 9pm  : but the like around 6ish went to wendys with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  came back and got back to work until about 8 and it was only <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, mr kimble, and i left so we decided to turn on the haze machine and have a dance party until we set off the fire alarm! and the fire department came  it was great  laugh  night!"
super stressed 
"opening of brigadoon went well  you guys should come see it, the lights are amazing  wink "
"99 tonight with my muhder, addy, and addys muhder   laugh "
"busy weekend! tonight <propmale>'s birthday party  smile  then paranormal activity with addy  saturday truck or treat, then trick or treating with <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  and then after that go to <propfemale>'s party for a little while  so yeah im stoked  wink "
"came home early from school today because im sick, but im feeling much better "
"the fourth kind, freaked me out alot! that is definately a movie im only seeing once "
"this weekend was pretty good except for friday, but today i died my hair and its alot darker then i wanted but oh well  lol "
tired! going to sleep  laugh 
report cards came out today and not to toot my own horn or anything but toot toot! hahaha  can't wait until tomorrow hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  laugh 
wants to go on an adventure  laugh 
"printing out scripts, shower, bed  and while doing all of this singing fergalicious because i just remebered i knew all the words  im lame, i know  hahaha "
i do not hate people but she is the exception!!
finished my project  laugh  bed  text me 
good day  goodnight   laugh 
cleaning  sad  bleh!
"had a very good friday and saturday, more to come  laugh "
what to do today?
nice day today  smile 
great thanksgiving! i definately ate way too much but todays the day your allowed to do that  laugh 
black friday wasn't bad at all it actually went very well 
is feeling not so good  sad 
"i hate having to memorize lines, theres a reason im in technical theatre "
decorating the christmas tree today and later having breakfast for diner  laugh 
watching four christmases with my muhder  laugh 
bedtime  smile 
"cleaning room, memorizing lines  : and the youth "
ahh it is going to be a very fun weekend!
tonight?
go gators!
great weekend!
watching <propmale> potter  love  i love these movies  laugh 
quick question: where can you get lakeland hoodies other then at the school or football games?
"homework(for once), shower, read some of my book, then bed   smile "
ahhhh! i have the worst headache ever  sad 
at the books-a-million with <propfemale>!!!!  laugh 
good day night  shopping with <propfemale> tomorrow  laugh 
had alot of fun this weekend with some of my favorite people  laugh 
"christmas break  laugh  hanging out with <propfirst> soon, yay!"
had a great weekend and now its even better knowing i don't have to wake up for school in the morning  laugh 
aww i love being on break  laugh 
loving the season  laugh  <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
"my christmas was amazing  after diner i spent the whole day mud sledding with the family, perfect redneck christmas  laugh "
i love catching up with old friends  laugh 
"im so sore and tired, its time for bed  goodnight facebook nerds  laugh "
new pictures from christmas  smile 
today should be a good day  smile 
i love being on break  laugh 
good morning friends  smile 
off to the movies with the little sis  laugh 
awsome man-hunt tonight  alittle scary but i survived 
i can't wait for tonight  laugh  happy new years everyone!
r i p 2010 helloooo 2011  smile 
video games with the little brother? i think yes  smile  hmu lets do something tonight!
night facebook  smile 
school tomorrow  : great its time for the second half  
"<propmale> out with malsies and now im preparing for juries tomorrow, joy "
very adventureous fun laughsohardyoucry weekend  laugh 
"ermm school tomorrow is going to suck  1  it is going to be cold  sad  and 2  i have detention, great!"
"teching today was actually alot of fun, i spent 89% of the time laughing  good day and tomorrrow is adventure day with malsie! who knows where we will end up  smile "
indian festival tomorrow  laugh 
"great weekend  friday: diner at mimis! saturday:indian pow wow festival with my pals  laugh  sunday sad ards, steak n' shake, and sherlock holmes  and tomorrow volleyball  yep this was a sucessful 3 day weekend  smile "
epic day of volleyball but now my feet are killing me 
teethy-mints in the white box  haha  laugh 
"i have no life for the next 7 days, so im not ignoring you im just really busy "
"watching the notebook, then bed  smile "
zzzzzzzzz
secret life then greek  laugh d
opening night tomorrow!
"opening night was a success, now one more show tomorrow and you should come see it  laugh "
last show tonight! whos going?
last show=success! and now i have a life again  laugh 
lazy sundays  love 
"that would have been an incredible preformance by drake, lil <propmale>, and eminem if the grammys didn't beep out half of it hahaha "
whats up with this  whole celebrity look-a-like thing?
it feels amazing outside  laugh 
feels very gangster right now 
i hate it when i have to sneeze but just can't!
the perks of having a dad who works the probowl superbowl is all of the cool exclusive stuff  laugh 
too sick for school today  sad 
hanging out with my muhder today  laugh 
colts!! woot woot 
recent discoveries: pandora  smile 
barrage was pretty cool 
"dance saturday, still need a dress  great "
"masquerade tonight, i finally found my dress, mask, and bowa? haha  it shall be fun  laugh "
"even though i dislike valentines day, i had a really good one  it got even better when i realized theres no school tomorrow!  laugh "
"shopping, chinesse food, and volleyball  doesn't get much better than that "
why must it be so cold?  sad 
"kinda upset now, going to bed "
blah blah blah 
tonight  smile 
"girls night with <propfirst> and addy! first we went to moes and then saw valentines day (super funny movie btw)  it was fun, i love my girls  laugh "
"so im definately at a loss because i just realized my 16th birthday is coming up and i dont know what to do, help??"
so i finally found the solution to my problem  laugh 
good day 
no school today 
"<propfemale> in wonderland, march 5th!  love "
"long long day, and another one tomorrow  great "
"busy, busy, busy "
"got my class ring today (finally) but they messed it up, so im sending it back  : on a good note exactly two months today untill my birthday sweet 16 party  laugh d"
"bartow arts festival, hanging out with post modern friends, gogogoing, <propfemale> in wonderland 3d, and a chill day  great weekend  laugh "
working out is hard work 
i definately felt the burn  ouch!
mmm the weekend  laugh 
start of a great day  laugh  text me if you wanna hangout!
i've lost my muchness 
"so when i came home today i went to sleep to take a \short\"" nap and ended up waking up at 7 thinking it was 7am! it wasn't """
"so im definately putting together my guest list for my sweet 16, let me know if your interested "
*yawn 
"going to sleep super early, happy st pattys day!"
"the weekend, finally  laugh "
great night with some awsome friends  laugh 
<propmale> potter marathon  love 
"my fellow facebookers, i need help  sweet 16 party or the amount of cash the party would cost? help!"
made up my mind  laugh 
remeber when <propfemale> <propfirst> was the coolest brand ever?!
kjdlgjbhklxmswgskodfyewvqkapcfbndgjcf! and that is all i have to say 
"did anyone else get a letter about \the national society of high school scholars\""? because i did and i have no clue what it even is """
ahhh spring break is finally here!! yay!
"\dude i really don't want to wake up murdered tomorrow!\""- greatest quote ever """
"the box is a terrible movie  interesting night at maymes, to say the least   laugh "
"beach tomorrow until friday  goodbye lakeland, hello treasure island!"
"goodbye treasure island, hello lakeland and terrible sun burn   "
"had a very good day yesterday, went to first friday and then chilled with some of my favorite people after  smile  and now for today cleaning and last minute homework  :"
procrastination  laugh 
happy easter everyone! and just like every other holiday im going to go stuff my face with the family  laugh 
exactly one month until im 16 and exactly 26 day until my partayy!!!
i counted to infinity 
"it's not rap anymore, it's a sing "
dress day was a success  laugh 
writting a paper   : and then bed!
finished paper!  laugh 
bbq and then ah-boos tonight with some of my favorites  laugh 
"successful weekend but im <propfemale> ready for school to be over! oh on the hunt for a dj, anyone know anybody?"
"so today has been poop! all bad news, at least i got to go to mallorys d:"
ehh i guess things are looking up   i can't wait for tomorrow  laugh 
is not having the best week   
"morgans last night, lunch with my girls today and a free concert at my new favorite place(evolution) and a awsome time at <propfemale>'s birthday party tonight=equals awsome weekend  laugh "
goodbye fabulous weekend  : hello work filled week   
party business coming together  laugh 
"almost done passing out invotations, if you didn't get one and you want one let me know  laugh "
dress shopping tonight  laugh 
day 2 of dress shopping and still no luck  sad 
blehh long day of cleaning and not finding a dress  : great 
"wow so this morning everyone down my road woke up just to find that all of our cars got broken into last night! my dad and my grandmas windows got busted and my aunt got her car stolen, if my morning was this eventfull i wonder how the rest of the day is gonna turn out   "
"crazy day, now time to sleep!"
"everyone please don't forget to rsvp today or tomorrow so i can put you on the list! just call or text me your name and if you are bringing anyone, message me if you need my number "
"starting to stress alittle but im trying not to let myself so off to bed, reminder if you still haven't rsvp'd me please do  3936883 "
"good day, almost everyone has got back to me with a rsvp and now to find a dress! ahaha"
still no dress    great 
this is so ridiculous  :
finally found a dress and my party is tomorrow! super excited  laugh 
party today!  laugh  so much to do   
"thank you everyone who came last night to my party, i hope you all had fun  i certainly did  laugh "
there are some sick people in this world   
officially 16!  laugh 
got my party pictures up  laugh 
school today= crazy 
lie to me is a great show  laugh 
what a day   
"first friday! reggae night, dance concert, then im not sure?"
plans cancelled   
"dance concert was great and so was iron man 2 and i saw them with some totally rad people *<propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and zach  laugh "
happy mothers day everyone!  laugh 
is sick and didn't go to school today but had the weridest erge to clean  awards thing tonight at <propmale>  laugh 
"back to school tomorrow, and not looking forward to make-up work  :"
"tryed to watch the lovely bones but ended up taking a nice nap in the middle of it, what a disappointment "
"this morning i felt fine but by second period i was on the verge of puking, then by lunch i felt fine but after lunch i felt like i was dying! now i feel okay but i have a feeling that could change at any moment  sad  dear body, make up your mind!"
"feeling better, no longer on my death bed lol  laugh "
i haven't been this sick in awhile  :
no phone untill monday  sad (
"has the worst headache of my life and no phone, great "
oh ups man please come visit my house!
because the ups man lied i still don't have a phone  sad 
got my phone back!!!  laugh  at school untill 9 
longgg day! but i have a phone now so its all good  laugh 
"wow i can not believe i slept this long, last time i looked at the clock it was 5 something!"
"shop calls may be long but if your with the right people, they sure are funn  laugh "
"had so much fun last night  laugh  time for round 2 of <propfirst> pan and <propfemale>, last night so come out and see it!"
ahhh great weekend!
"off to bed, great weekend "
yeah! (only to be said in a deep voice)
monicas over!  laugh 
had a great time with my nerky today  laugh 
*sneeze
"from the look of the clouds, i think there is some good movie weather coming  laugh "
is gonna have a fun night  laugh 
what to do today?
"good night, with cool people "
beach  laugh 
great day at the beach and im starting to not look like a ghost anymore  laugh 
"water slide, smoothies, <propfemale> pools, and grilled shrimp= good day  laugh "
is so tired!
doing ms fites project  :
"church was good tonight, off to bed now  can't wait for tomorrow!  laugh "
science exam tomorrow  : then <propmale> all weekend!  laugh 
hot tub  love 
time to go back to reality (lakeland) bye bye <propmale> 
mtv movie awards  laugh 
1 5 days of school left! 11 days untill street legal  laugh 
 5 days of school left! 10 days untill street legal! i can't wait to start my summer off with my girls  laugh 
loving summer time  laugh 
two hour nap and now im ready for tonight! 7 days untill im street legal  laugh 
6 days untill street legal!
is just dandy 
4 days untill im street legal! yay!  laugh 
enraged absoluelty enraged 
's name is nipple-hair jones
2 days  laugh  <propfemale> posted my last status  sneaky little girl 
1 day left!  laugh 
loving this weather! movie anyone  smile 
things are about to get very interesting   
driving test today  laugh  any tips?
"im off, wish me luck!  :"
street legal!  laugh d thank you to everyone who gave me tips!  smile 
big day tomorrow!  laugh 
great day!  laugh 
happy fathers day everyone  smile 
oh my soul 
busy busy busy busy!
beach for the night!  laugh 
coming home from beach today and then catching up with some missed friends!!  laugh 
great day!  laugh 
"tubing today a rock springs with malrayy and the family was so much fun, but im going to be in pain tomorrow!"
flvs  :
"picking <propfemale> up in the morning, and then off to work we go  laugh  goodnight facebook!"
man it was nice working with the crew again today  laugh 
saw eclpise with addy this morning and then had lunch at moes  smile  mallorys later!
had so much fun last night  canada in 2 days  smile 
so about that packing   maybe i should at least open my suit case 
finished packing finally and now off to canada in the morning! be back the 10th  laugh 
home finally but canada and camp was great!  laugh  i missed everyone so much!
<propmale> potter  love 
grown ups was so funny  smile  now off to play some volleyball!
"even though im not good, i love a good game of volleyball  laugh "
hanging out with monicaa today  laugh 
not currently in the best mood 
flvs
what to do  
good day  smile 
"this is killing me, he needs to come home now "
it feels like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders  smile 
<propfemale> kats for the night  laugh 
i am never tired nor awake 
"great day, went to <propfemale>'s little party and then hungout with <propmale> but still didn't pack, oops  smile "
needs to pack! but id rather take a nap 
leaving for two weeks! bye  laugh 
back! camp was flat stinkin' awesome but now im leaving again for another week 
back from north <propfemale>  laugh 
morgans  laugh 
ooo the perks of being a teenager 
"busy day, gotta do some flvs  :"
job hunting and a little car hunting today  smile 
ummm my thoughts are thinking many things 
hot mess 
????
"oh today, for the most part was great "
"had a blast last night with <propfemale>, <propmale>, and anisette at the city walk!"
thunder  love 
not the way i wanted to end my night 
what does today have instore for me?
the birthday cake milkshake from zaxbys is alittle too good 
golds gym with mommy  laugh 
the runaways is my new favorite movie!
in the sinking boat of time with <propfemale> coker 
off to golds 
its all good 
cain't wait for tomorrow!!
mayhem!
mayhem was awesome!
with <propfirst> <propmale> and then shopping with my muhder later 
red lobster  love 
talking alittle about a lot 
"schedule annoyed 1) stagecraft 3- kimble\2)compre  theatre 2- kimble\3)theatre history 2- sniegocki\4)english honors 3- cleveland\5)spanish 2- ponder\6)physical science- taliancich\7)algebra 2- <propfirst>"
last official week of summer 
"i've been power cleaning my room and at the end of the day im left with an even more mess than when i started  looks like this is going to be a two day project, great "
it's gonna be a goooood day  laugh 
"had a wonderful day with <propfemale> moxley and <propfirst>, and then an awesome tiring night at the groove with <propfemale> coker and <propfemale> holbrook"
"oh gosh, school is monday  why is my summer already gone?! @$#!*&"
busy day 
is officially a proud owner of a hyundai tiburon!  laugh 
"forever young, i want to be forever young  smile "
"its that time again, school tomorrow   "
"not much to say, school was good but its still school  :"
bomb threat and a very interesting conversation in all of my classes today   smile 
sleep! i need some 
"pretty boy take off in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!"
"interesting night, very suspect "
*ah-choo!
did some work on my baby today (car) and now for homework  : busy busy busy 
head cold  : just peachy 
wonder if tomorrow will lead to another day of lockdowns or maybe they'll switch it up and call in another bomb threat but who knows  gotta love the many surprises of lakeland  smile 
lovley dinner with the moxleys tonight  laugh 
"awesome time at the usf game, and now ending my night with one of my favorite movies  smile "
had the best labor day weekend!! but you know all the fun is over when your stuck doing last minute homework 
slightly stoopid 
ahh how i love the gym  smile 
"oh why not, truth is   "
be good or be good at it 
had a wonderful day with <propfemale> coker dress shopping even though we just got jewelry  laugh 
<propfemale> <propfemale>  love  i will never fully understand why god took you home 
this day was hard but <propfemale> and the vmas made it better  smile 
"had a very amazing night with my girls ( <propfemale> moxley and <propfemale> coker ) now time for flvs, great "
"finished my schooling for today, now for job hunting "
last night was an adventure but so was my whole weekend come to think of it  laugh 
easy a; loved it!!
"went splorin'! today with malray  laugh  and then watched fear and loathing in las vegas, gotta love that movie "
bleached hair don't care 
"techs did an amazing job at the showcase tonight, along with everyone else  go us!"
"grand night, now to get ready for homecoming tonight  laugh "
"well homecoming certainly was interesting last night, we broke the floor  who knew <propmale> kids could party that hard!"
off to golds 
going going   gone 
peterson park  love 
"lovley weather, no waking up early tomorrow, life is good  smile "
"really enjoyed teching at the polk theatre last night, but tonight is round two of <propmale> homecoming hopefully we won't break the floor again  smile "
the <propfemale> letter=ew 
fishnet  love 
dude we screamed at the same time because were best friends! - <propfemale> moxley
"mmmm been working on my car all morning, i  love  my tiburon "
"\this must be what jail feels like\""- <propfemale> moxley"""
"the great cause of the night, is lack of the sun "
8 mile  love 
what a beautiful day  smile 
"i think i wanna see a movie tonight, anyone wanna join?"
"\if your gonna act dumb you gotta be tough\""- saw that movie today with muhder! super funny  smile """
sooo much math  :
16 is such a stupid age 
tonight annoyed ame!
good day ( :
i say we skip all of these silly homework filled school days and go straight into the weekend 
"last night was crazy good, <propmale> horror tonight!!!!! super stoked  laugh "
<propmale> horror last night was the best  love  had a good halloween night getting scared with muhder!
"i just realized limewire is gone, sad day  :"
i am the walrus 
lllllooonnnngggg day 
this weekend definately had it's ups and downs 
"its like playing leapfrog with a unicorn, you just don't do it   "
best time with <propfemale> kat vaughan last night  laugh 
smoking apples  laugh 
"oh jeez, it's going down  laugh "
a grand thanksgiving  laugh 
all i can do at this point is smile  laugh  today is gonna be good 
last night = the best!  love 
the weather is to nice to be inside 
"ended on a great note with last night, this was an awesome break  laugh "
steady shakin' like a little leaf 
i love <propmale> potter weekends on abc family  smile 
teenage years  love 
disney yesterday with my favorite tech class was awesome!
<propfemale> moxley is my besssfrann  love 
"being on break is so nice, even though i can't sleep in very late "
"ermm woke up too a huge headache and a dentist appointment at 2, great "
had a wonderful time with all my family today and now wrapping some last minute gifts while watching easy a  love  tis' the season 
<propfemale> christmas  love 
"just realized i still have another week off, yay!!! lets make some plans  smile "
i want to learn mma 
tonight should be fun  smile  text me!
today i am just going to stay in and sleep all day 
"mall with <propfemale> and then cleaned out my car, most work i've done all break ;p lets hangout!"
off to start my night! text me  smile 
the new year  love  i can't wait 
chill night  smile 
i need sleep but its just not happening right now 
thats it! <propfirst> ds wont even hire me   why is it so hard to find a job? im resorting to dealing drugs if i can't find one soon 
fun day  smile  hmu im off 
today was pure bliss  smile 
sleep  smile 
way too excited that its friday tomorrow  smile 
yay for the weekend!
so glad theres no school tomorrow  smile 
movie then bed no school tomorrow so lets chill  smile  text me!
perfect weather to wake up too  smile 
mhmmmm no bueno 
and so it begins    
i won't give up on you 
"broke my toe today and now its black, guess my true colors are finally showing   "
"no phone, wahhhh! leave me messages on here  smile "
this whole no phone thing is really terrible 
say you dropped your phone in water   whats the best way to make it work again?
i hope my phone gets here today that would make everything so much better 
"finally i am sane again, my phone came in today  smile "
"tonight will be the best!  can't wait, happy birthday <propfemale> riner love of my life  smile "
"gonna have a blast with some of my favorites this weekend, yay!"
happy singles awareness day 
everyone report to the dance floor 
umm good shopping trip to start off my day  smile  but im thinking beach tomorrow?
off to the beach  smile 
definitely got alittle more burned at the beach than i thought  ow  other than that perfect beach day  smile 
im pretending 
be good or be good at it 
midnight madness last night was greattt
pedicures with <propfemale> day alford were so nice  smile 
i will sleep when im dead!
and that point goes to the girls     smile 
off to the beach until tuesday! starting spring break 11' right  smile 
"the beach was so great, round 2 tomorrow!!!"
spring break 11' you were too much for words but now its back to reality 
the sun drop commercial is the best one i've seen in awhile 
"wrecked my car this morning, in my own driveway  just peachy "
welcome to the mind of a maniac!
off to school for the last period to take my test and then start the weekend  smile 
officially behind bars 
i can clearly see the sunshine   
realized something wonderful  smile  i need some beach time asap!
i won't give up on you 
starting my weekend early  smile 
random times make the best memories  beachhh today  laugh 
another wonderful weekend and 17 more days closer to my birthday  smile 
weekend begins tonight  smile  yay! going to see all my favorites 
12 more days  smile  my morning did not start off well at all but its going to change!
im a day dreamer
"gotta love having a curfew, not "
"another week of school, lets go!  sad "
you dance with <propfemale> you get your toes stepped on 
be good or be good at it 
thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone  smile 
tomorrow can't come fast enough  smile 
