9a7d899480263371b922ef36223f98c8
happy new years to all my friends and family  i am so blessed to have each one of you in my liife 
the family reunion was awesome
is home from calif  had a wonderful  but could have stayed to visit much longer 
tired and going to bed 
<propfirst> and the kids made it home today  vacation is over back to work in the morning 
took lexi shopping with her birthday money and gift card  she bought 3 pairs of shoes and 1 outfit 
ah the end to another weekend    back to work in the morning
yipeeee!!!! it is my friday   ready for a 3 day weekend
made a pineapple upside down cake and keylime pie 
happy 4th of july everyone  let us all remember what this day really is!
took the kiddos to gymnastic yesterday and ballet today 
getting ready for church      not looking forward to monday
"yea i made it through monday  boy, am i glad it only comes once a week "
whaaaaaahooooooo!!!!!! its friday!!!!! oh yeah
going swimming
praying for rain  hi ho off to work i go 
is enjoying the cooler temp  and the much need rain  
thinking about how blessed i am with friends and family i have
helloooooooo weekend!!!!!
"my mom's surgery went good, she should get to come home tomorrow  pray for a speedy recovery "
my mom is home from the hospital  <propfirst> is staying with  her  praise god for <propfirst>  i am back to work in the morning  but on the bright side tomorrow is friday!!!!! whoo hoo 
mom went to the er this afternoon  they gave her medicine for nausea and a slight infection  she is doing better 
we went to <propfemale>'s birthday graduation going off to college party this evening  can't believe she is all grown up 
mom is doing better today  she is in a happy place    hydrocodone and muscle relaxants    she will have a good recovery  
tried out my new jeep today for a monday it wasnt to bad
waaaaaa hoooo!!!! its friday  my jeep is working out awesome  going to checkout another gymnastics place this evening 
the kiddos really liked the new gymnastics place  going to check out one more monday  enjoying time with my hubby and kiddos 
monday morning    off to work i go 
whaaaaa hoooooooo  iit friday and the start of a 3 day weekend
had a great weekend  hope everyone had a good and safe weekend     back to work 
really looking forward to the weekend  this has been a long week 
"whoohoo i'm a grandma again!!!!! <propfemale> <propfemale> 8 lb 10oz 20\"",2009-09-29 09:40:48""",9a7d899480263371b922ef36223f98c8,at the dentist with lexi    watching it rain 
getting ready for the moggy day ahead  glad the sun is going to shine 
yipee its friday!!!! on the other hand     getting ready to take <propmale> for his surgery this morning 
off to work to play in the rain 
glad its friday  i think the kiddos and i will make holloween cookies 
the kiddos and i made sugar and butter cookies  we played yatzee with poppa  we had alot of fun 
hoping everyone had a safe and happy holloween  i am trying to adjust to the new time 
"soooo looking forward to the weekend!! please keep our armed service men, women and their families in your prayers "
"thank you to all the men and women in our armed forces, who have served and are serving now  i  commend and appricate your service to this great crountry "
going to play in the rain  yea      i am looking forward to the weekend  spending time with my family 
happy thanksgiving to all my friends and family  i am truly blessed 
going shopping to day with mom and <propfirst> 
<propfirst> an i took the kiddos to six flags yesterday  they had a blast 
we took <propfemale> with us  suprisingly lexi was fearless when it came to riding the rides  <propfemale> and lexi rode some of the bigger rides together 
i am sooooo tired of the cold   more on the way    i want my summertime back!!
the girls and i went to see the lions and tigars tonite  it was really fun  we had a great time 
we went to kids christmas party at gymnastics last nite  they did good in thier performance 
the kids christmas play went so good this morning    will was a donkey   he was sooooooo cute  lexi was an angel and <propfemale> was <propfirst> 
happy birthday jesus!!!!! <propfemale> christmas everyone
well we have a white christmas  whoopee     if its gone tomorrow afternoon it will be wonderful  it gives the kids time to play in it 
snowing again   we had a white christmas    so stop dreaming   lol
it takes faith to free fall with god and know you will be safe---so  let go
purple
so looking forward to the warmer weather  hard to believe i think 40's and 50's as warm  can't wait for summer! have a blessed and wonderful week everyone 
lexi and i went shopping today     put in my order for girl scout cookies 
you are getting older when you go to bed fine and wake up with an injury 
looking forward to the weekend!
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  ? so love the people who treat you right  ? forget about the one's who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it  post to your wall if you agree"
"if you have a sister who is your best friend, has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin, copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without sisters  smile "
"if you believe your daughters are amongst the greatest blessings on the face of this earth, copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug! we ? our daughters!"
oh boy rain snow and ice  can hardly wait to go to wrk  at least its friday!!
"rennie: participant (performer or artisan) at a renaissance festival or fair  don’t tell your pretender friends about the party, its rennies only "
"oh goody, it's snowing   neither rain sleet or snow   off to work i go    rah  sad "
we got 13 5 inches of snow   at least i have 4wheel drive  now can we please get on with spring? i would be greatful to go straight to summer!!!!
doubt builds walls but faith moves mountains 
my dad passed away sunday  he will be greatly missed    he impacted so many lives
a memorial service for dad will be held on april 17 
thank all ofmy friends and family for your love and prayers during this difficult time i so enjoy everyone thoughts of my dad 
<propfirst> starts cosmotology school on tuesday  i am sooo proud of my beautiful daughter 
thank you for all the birthday wishes  you have all made me feel very loved  i love you all!
says:if  you love some one put their name in a circle not a heart because a heart  can break but a circle keeps on going
the most precious jewels you will ever wear around your neck are the <propfemale> arms of your grandchild
happy easter everyone!!!!
"dad's memorial service is satuday, april 17th @ 11am   the  women's clubhouse located 88 w tulare, tulare, ca "
"<propfirst>, the kids, and i will be leaving for ca  wed  morning "
"glad to be home  it was wonderful to see my brothers, sisters and all the rest of the famliy    just wish it could have been better circumstances "
"a family isn't only what your born into, it's the people you gather along the way "
"spend time with those you love  one of these days you will say either \i wish i had\""  or \""i am glad i did\"" """
"in  loving memory of every cancer patient,  family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and  the one's who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour  if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  this  i did  will you? ? april is cancer month "
"it's son's week    sons outgrow our laps, but never our hearts  "
calgon take me away        nope not far enough
whaahooo!! its friday! i am sooo glad to be done with this week  to all my family and friends have a great weekend 
"the most precious sound is the laughter of your grandchildren and to hear them say \i love you mimi\"" """
happy mothers day to my mom daughter and all the rest of the moms
"when the world says you can't, christ will tell you that you can "
i can't believe will turned 5 yesterday  they are growing up so fast 
is at the orthodontist having lexi's braces put on 
congradulations <propfirst> and to all of the decatur graduates  does anyone know who <propfemale> <propfemale> is?
"believes that every person we meet leaves a piece of themselves with us -\ to teach us or to guide us, even if we don't realize it right away"
"if\ yellow roses grow in heaven, lord, please pick a bunch for me  place \them in my daddy's arms and tell him they're from me tell him that i \love and miss him, and when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his \cheek and hold him for awhile  because remembering him is easy,i do it \every day, but there's an ache in my heart that will never go away copy\ and paste this if your dad is in heaven happy fathers day dad"
i got the new iphone today  whoohoo
just a reminder for the party on sunday at 2
"there comes a time in your life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it   andsurround your self with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad, and focus on the good  life is too short to be any thing but happy  repost this if you agree "
going to the lake for the weekend! waaaahooooo!
"a\ daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your \heart for a lifetime  it's \daughters week\"" - if you have a daughter(s) \",9a7d899480263371b922ef36223f98c8,is thinking if the money added up as quickly as the loads of dirty laundry do    i'd never have to worry about working again!!!
"my children and my husband are the very reason i get up each morning,the reason that i breathe,and the reason that i pray that god gives me another day!"
"if my memory was any worse, i could plan my own surprise party!!"
you cant change or mold people to what you want them to be   accept and love them for who they are you may be surprised on what you find 
"this is such a cool day 10-10-10  my niece machela married her best friend, and my other  niece, <propfemale> had her baby "
wants to ride a go-kart through a crowded mall
"your\ daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your \heart for a lifetime  it's national \daughter's week\"" so if you have a \",9a7d899480263371b922ef36223f98c8,we finally got rain yea!!! we needed it!! i am so sorry for everyone that have plans for outside 
"hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia: hip-o-pot-o-mon-stro-ses-quip-e-dal-e-o- phobia \fear of long words  who's the heck came up with that one!!"
in life u will meet 1 person who is unlike any other  u can talk 2 this person for hours & never get bored  they dont judge u  this person is ur soulmate 
"if\ your dad is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best dad \ever whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he \is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let \everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him"
"it's\ brothers week if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched \you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed,\ saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, \someone you can't do without, copy and paste this to your status!"
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, what name  brand you wear, if your house is a mess, where you live, about your  past, or if your family is full of crazies  they love you for who you  are  they can go long periods of time without speaking but, never     questions the friendship  re-post this if you have     at least one true  friend, they will know who they are "
"we are\ asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion \",9a7d899480263371b922ef36223f98c8,"we\ are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",9a7d899480263371b922ef36223f98c8,"the president is looking for ways to cut spending  rather than penalizes, the retired, homeowners, military, etc  how about cut off all the foreign <propfemale> or all the uncontrollable giveaways in the last year and a half and the great leader could stay at home  that alone would save billions!!"
happy veteran day to all the men and women who have served or are serving now  thank you all so much for your service to us  i pray god's blessing on you 
sometimes i am honest to a fault   is that a good thing or a bad thing   at least i am real and don't pretend to be something i'm not
"it's more fun to act like a kid then to be a kid  go to wal-mart and \stick plungers to the floor then watch little kids try to pick them \up   lol "
proverbs 12:15 : stupid people always think they are right  wise people listen to advice 
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  until december 13 there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children  to report abuse neglect of a child call    1-800-252-5400  it    is our duty to protect those who can not protect themselves  repost this and spread the word"
"forgiveness will make you a better person, holding a grudge will make you a bitter person "
"you have to know me to appreciate my humor, sometimes that doesn't even help "
everything happens for a reason  so remember the next time i reach over & hit you  it was for a good reason  smile  hahaha
happy birthday jesus!!!!! <propfemale> christmas to all of my family and friends!! whishing you all a new year filled with god's abundant blessings
i can't believe it's sleeting! brrrr!!! where is summer!
now its snowing!! bah humbug!!!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   and 4 words is hard"
"only an aunt can hug like a mother, keep secrets like a sister, and love like a friend  if you're an aunt who loves your nieces and nephews, post this as your status!"
"your sons will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  it's son's week    if you have a son (or more) who makes your life worth living by just being around him, and if you're proud of your son(s), copy and paste this to your status "
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates    1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11  now, go figure this out  take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year  coincidentally, it will equal to 111    how odd is that????"
"it's grandchildren week! if you have beautiful grandchildren that you love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your wall  they will hold your hand only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  put this on your status if you have the most beautiful, smart, and talented grandchildren in the world    i do <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, lexi, <propfemale>, will, addy and <propfemale> <propfemale>  "
ladies if you are a size 20 or more    spandex pants are not the best choice to wear in public
snow and ice again sad  am so tired of it  and no it is not pretty  pretty is 80 and sunshine  smile 
a week of ice and snow and more in the forecast for next week    are you kidding me!!! come on 100 degree weather!
"just a thought~when you're standing in front of a mirror with your eyes closed, do you ever wonder if your reflection is making faces at you?  smile "
whoohoo sunshine all day a whopping 55 degrees   only in texas can it be 17 degrees snow and ice the next day sunshine and 55 smile 
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have an amazing daughter's put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"i figured out why i'm fat! the shampoo i use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\""  i'm going to start using \""dawn\"" dish soap  it says \""dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\""  repost if you have the same issue  smile """
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and the days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake from which i’ll never part, god has you in    his arms…i have you in my heart  repost if you love someone in heaven   "
tell me if this makes any sense  i'm still scratching my head at this one  homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits they were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  have the guts to re-post this  1% will re-post and 99% won't
"i always hear people complain about going to work, but has anyone ever stopped to thank god that they still have a job to go to at all? just sayin   "
so grateful for the rain  we needed it! but i am so ready for the warm weather! come on friday!! blue waters white beaches!!!!!
"whoohooo!!!!!! i am on my way to fun fun fun!!!! sun, good food, great company!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes  you have all made my day and make me feel so loved
on the ship everything is wonderful  food is great
