0a27283d9b8aa9bd3e15f1798c287923
is over the flippin <propfemale> for our <propfemale> and <propmale>!!!! congratulations! best new years news ever!
"has an awfully good feeling about 2010 (and today's date is a palindrome if you do it the us way - 01022010 - ohhhhh, geeky heaven!)"
"misses her new haven friendies  <propfirst>, can't you just appear sometime? like a <propfemale>? everytime i say 'creativity'   or 'disco dancing'   ?"
is sure she misses hani more!
finally found a new home - with help from a certain superhero! thaaaaaaanks!
is a little home-maker
"<propmale> odom and me, <propmale> odom and me, <propmale> odom and me, up a tree k i s s i n g!"
loves the precuneus today
thinks reeses pieces and coffee for breakfast is tooooootally fine
has 11 days to finish it
can't wait to see her sis! oh yeah and <propmale> too  smile 
"has to go to the er  in the uk this would be free, people, freeeeeeeeeee  aaow"
nothin but a heart ache
is done with food forever
well done roan!
achieved a goal today! and had forgotten what that felt like
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"thinks jaki should jump on a plane next! come on, magic mountain will be wondering why i havn't been there this week   "
submitted!
"submitted and wants to hug the world! beware, people of the world!"
"is going to stop stealing internet  q for you laers: who's a decent, cheap internet provider out here? please help  smile "
spending too much time with crazy people in la public library
hurts and has scratches and bruises from climbing    but it was so worth it!
is happy happy happy happy happy happy happy
has started the month she turns 30    ahhhhhhhhh
unleashed the modernist abstractionist inside her - and didn't get a drop of paint on the carpet!
is losing the battle with mind-wandering today
"iphone users! what is the most common thing you people do with your iphone that isn't calling people, listening to music, or using it as a usb memory stick? please tell! it's for an example in a talk  smile "
go lakers!
had a brilliant birthday and thanks everyone for all their wishes - you're all awesome! and i'm 30   yikes!
already thinks it's been too long since the last creativity workshop  bring on friday!
cns 2010 woop woop!
found out some fraudster cleaned her bank account out    + a work out + an in n out = all's well again
"designing, designing, designing"
in a synesthete state of mind
"has a christmas tree, woop woop"
anyone know someone to ask for a visual latent inhibition task??
it's a creativity day!
"wonders if all the positive people in the world balance all the negative people in the world, or if one is currently outweighing the other"
la then london then amsterdam then berlin then belfast then hoooooommmmeeeeee  i can't wait i can't wait i can't wait i can't wait i can't wait i can't wait
any old goodenoughers going to be around goodenough dec 9th-12th?
i am sterdam
the evil gluten got me
snowed in at luton airport for 48 hours and making lots of new friends!
home home home home home home home
"did a <propfemale> with jet-lag, cycled round the snowy canals of amsterdam, ran around the christmas markets of berlin in -15c, spent 2 nights snowed in at an airport in london, had a snowy, icy christmas in ireland, and then when she comes back to <propfemale> la she   gets a cold!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  a wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for acceptance       93% won't copy and paste this, but will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
all the palm trees in la look like they're having bad hair days in the wind!
cycled her first 5 6 <propmale> surrounded by sun and palm trees - wahoo for living in southern california!
is so confused about a stats issue! brain hurts!
is vegas-bound!
"vegas, running around!"
needs to leave vegas
needs to get stuff done
thanks <propfemale> for her wisdom!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments, in your status update  "
doppelganger?
will be doing a little michigan fmri-ing this summer
"cider to gin to vodka  oh why, god, whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"
happy <propfirst>'s day!
totally missed pancake tuesday
"pancake tuesday = an annual event in ireland, uk, oz, new zealand and canada when everyone eats pancakes! it came from old religious traditions of using up all your indulgent ingredients (butter, sugar, eggs) before fasting in lent  now i think everyone eats pancakes regardless! it's a day <propfemale> should adopt!"
feels bad for canadian hockey  yikes
feels like spm has developed consciousness and is messing with her head
long live the weekend!
go canada! go usa! oh i'm so conflicted 
go creativity!
hearts bird and the <propfemale> now she's seen them liiiiiiiiiiive
turns american three today! it's my american birthday!
has a case of the sunday blues
earthquake!
is about to get the prize for best neighbor ever!
is too tired for monday morning
has a new four legged friend
going to montreal in 36 hours wahooooooooo tres bien tres bien!
which braincampers and yalies are going to montreal??? chaddles-check  ish and co - check  mj and <propfirst> - check  <propfemale> - check  who elseeeeeeeeeeeeee?
is montreal bound  then nyc on wed  wahoooooooo
"rediscovered the fun of e playful laining neuroscience to peop<propfemale> who have never heard of it! and don't speak english  tres bon mon amis, c'est <propfemale> monde fantastique du cerveau!!!"
"'s phone won't let her hear voicemail in canada, or know who's called  sorry to whoever's been leaving messages - text instead!"
is all done with her presentation - hurah is off to discover why montreal is called the city of sin with braincampers - double hurrah
seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double seeing double
seeing science again
has returned to new haven!! hosted by <propmale> <propmale> and his mansion
nyc nyc nyc
how nice is it when you go to your favourite street food stand in your old city and they remember your name and what your order is - when you haven't been there in 2 years!!! she did ask me if my family back in iceland had survived the volcano though     smile 
is skippin and a dancin from catching up with such super duper fantastic old mates and labbies and staying in an idyllic christmas tree farm in the connecticut countryside and getting a ton of progress made with writing  woop woop  and we've not even had game night yet!
hearts new haven and doesn't want to leave- it was soooooooooooooooooo brilliant to see everyone and i feel spoiled rotten from all your wonderfulness! xoxoxoxo
is back in nyc and still hasn't caught up with everyone here - forgive me forgive me time's going too fast!
back in california and had in n out burger already  yum  missing you guys in nyc and new haven already  sad 
"'s big brother is watching her    yay, <propmale>'s in town!"
the first sunday farmer's market of being back in la yipeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
happy american mother's day to all you mums out there!
feels the love from <propfemale>  who rocks  the mostest! thanks for the awesome presents - tooootal pick me up and blast from the biccy-past!!  smile   smile   smile  yayyy
"last night, at a play in la, a man comes up and points at the empty seat beside me  \anyone else with you?\"" he asks  \""no\"" says i", thinking he wanted to sit there  then he loudly tells the little old lady who is accidently in his seat to go sit beside me  \0a27283d9b8aa9bd3e15f1798c287923,wants hugs
loves her huggers
