1da3ac394045c19bb6b3692ba0caa364
i can't wait for this horrid year to be over
does anybody know about ms cowart's project? has anybody finished it?
"if life is fair, then why do roses have thorns?"
when will i awake from this fabricated nightmare and overcome the inevitable labyrinths that life has set upon me? why does nobody comment or like my status updates?
when will i awake from this fabricated nightmare and overcome the inevitable labyrinths that life has set upon me? why does nobody comment or like my status updates!?
ap spanish hw
school sucks and i'm happy there is no school on wednesday
have to do community service tommorow   i feel a little depressed
sometimes time seems like a wasted go
"hey now, don't dream it's over   "
not content for various reasons
that precalculus homework is on my mind   need to start on it!
listening to depeche mode
bla
"um i'm exhausted from all the cleaning and preparations for my moms arrival from her \business trip\"""""
"um i'm exhausted from all the cleaning and preparations for my moms arrival from her \business trip\""; i'm listening to a song called \""c'est la vie\"" by <propfirst> nevil"""
can't wait for this week to over
"one more day until winter break   the excitement is overshadowed by my deplorable grade in physics honor(thank you turner tech), canterbury tales project, and midterms"
i'm sooooooooooo boredddddddddddddddd
have a sore throat   feel like i'm getting sick
it's cold outside   i'm developing a cold
"\the world has turned and left me here\"" by: weezer"""
i need to get serious this week; has any done the canterbury project? can somebody tell me what has to be done for the project?
bored
i like that song paparazzi!
bored and frowning
i finally have a passing grade in physics!doing fasfa tommorow   
who knows ms cowart's email address?
have the sat's tommorow   
i took the sat's today   it was very long and gruesome
another day is almost coming to a close   i don't feel so well
disregard the previous post   
"bored,sleepy,annoyed   "
ugh i hate 5th period sometimes
sick
trying to finish american government section assessments   
working on the soliloquy for english   
-__- i swear school is driving me crazy
back to the abyss tommorow   
did my florida financial aid today   ehh
minnie(my cat) keeps scratching on the windows  sad 
wow is the sky blue? why can't it be green? life is so unfair  sad 
the sky is dead today  sad 
im bored  sad 
its very sunnys today
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm!
seems like this week is going to be very dark blue  sad 
"\new in town\"" by: little boots"""
im so tired and bored right now
"finally, this school week from the abyss is over"
not another 5-day school week  crying 
i can't wait until tommorow is over and back to the old routine
so   whos doing the interview tommorow?
well at least the first half of the week is over
ugh school tommorow! :-@
ms saunders had to show me about that deadly spider now i cant sleep
*sigh* cant wait until memorial weekend
"in my opinion, there is no logic in rekindling a friendship with an old friend(s) if the reason that made you friends in the first place has gone with the wind however, i feel that my logic is very irrational as well, but that it has its truths   "
im tired
ugh so dont want to go to school tommorow  sad 
*sigh* why i am so insecure?
"\lights\"" by journey"""
wow today surely has been a weird and aggravating day
i scrapped my knees while i was praying and found a demon in my safest haven it seems like its getting harder to believe in anything than just to get lost in all my selfish thoughts i want to know what ill be like to find perfection in my pride? to see nothing in the light?
i love my big brother
studying for this precalculus test is very aggravating!
uh i feel so ill  sad 
yay i got my cap and gown today
"im such a hot mess, emotionally and physically"
wow im turning 18 on tuesday and graduating on thurday   it just feels so surreal
lol so im officially legal tmw
"wow i can't believe that the last day of school is over   it just feels so surreal  every memory has served as a way for me to grow and learn about life, friendships, relationships, even though it has been very painful at times  i can honestly say that i will miss my friends and the routine, and will grieve for all that i have failed to achieve  nevertheless, life goes on and high school is not the end of our lives "
im hoping that i dont make a mistake on stage d:
"at the miami dade auditorium, which side is east? is it the one close to 27th ave or the opposing side?"
"leaving at 5 surprise 0 p m for graduation is good time, right?"
i got my diploma and it doesnt feel like the end    i thought it would be a much happier moment
i am crying tears of blood right now and i have never been in such a low position before because my most obscure high school tragedies are now visible
"needs a job, preferably retail or clerical based"
feels confused  sad 
necesito <propfemale> trabajo
eh can somebody tell me why their renaming miami-dade county to miami-wade county in july?
i think i should start caring more about my body because i have been feeling very tired lately
"dear facebook, you are uninteresting and unworthy of my time"
your love is like rhinestones falling from the sky
what a bad day im really getting frustrated
sorry by buckcherry
ugh im so bored
resting after painting my room
its way too hot!
im bored
ugh! sometimes i just detest my life   
yay i got a 4 on my ap spanish test!
yay i got my learners license!
i want to see inception
i watched inception last night and it was profound and complex yet enjoyable film
yay one more day until i get my internet back!
"\teenage dream\"" by <propfemale> <propfirst>"""
i really hope today's plans go well
so today's plans went mixed today
the sky looks dead
-_- so boreddddddddd
computer please dissappear so i study for my tmw's music appre  class test d:
damn weekend shouldve been longer lol
you think your chocolate but you're chewing gum lmbo
doesnt feel like a saturday morning at all  annoyed 
so bored -__-
