c1785dee30fbf47e021d144c4a686de1
is incredibly happy!  smile 
we're carving pumpkins tomorrow    any ideas for their faces?
turning myself into an athlete is less difficult than i thought!  surprise 
geeking out with a harry-potter-thon    am i such a nerd for being critical when the movie doesn't follow the book down to the tiniest detail?  probably   smile 
<propfirst> is offishally a facebook maniac 
happy as a clam!  three day weekends rock!
"time to go shopping    resist the urge to look at clothes!  (good luck with that, i says   )"
"well, i didn't resist the urge to look at clothes, but i didn't spend very much!  i bought myself a stellar pair of shoes  (awesomeness!)"
"the end of the weekend is like the end of an <propfemale>, but without the historical ramifications and significantly less bloodshed more than half the time "
is down with the sickness  argh 
loves saturday night!
loathes sunday night   depression hurts   the weekend can help!  too bad you only have to <propmale> through five more days to get there 
we got a new car!  it's a 2000 honda odyssey ex   i'm so excited!
can't believe it's almost march!! where did winter go?  not to say i'm sad it's gone    just surprised the time has gone so fast 
where did this sickness come from?  i swear i just got over a bug only to be bulldozed by another one    sad 
"holy cow, i love my husband   he is such a sweetie!  everyone should read his status right now   he is absoultely the light of my life   without him i don't know where i'd be right now "
why does every weekend go by so fast?  if only mondays would be equally speedy   
"holy cow    i'm so sore from my work out yesterday   i wish i could sleep until the weekend!  (don't we all, though?)"
"happy easter, everyone!  it's going to be a great day   for now, though, i'm so tired i'm surprised i'm forming sentences   goodnight (or morning, depending on how you look at it   ) !"
"holy cow!  i got a new computer today, and i had no idea that they made such efficient, fast machines for the general population   i assumed that the closest i'd ever get to technological perfection was at the library or at work  boy was i wrong!"
"why do i always start my period on a saturday? screw you, monthly <propfemale> "
"another saturday wasted, for the most part    way to go, me!"
determined not to waste sunday!!!  smile 
exhausted  sleepy time!
"i don't recommend dislocating your shoulder to anyone  in case you're curious, it hurts  kind of a lot "
"actually has some muscle injuries, but man was that a loud and painful snap "
likes sleeping in her dining room 
amazing day full of intense cleaning  i love to see the place like this! and my shoulder keeps feeling better and better  yay life!
"just finished three movies with the husband, and due to a terrible \horror\"" film", the other two seemed incredible  summary annoyed c1785dee30fbf47e021d144c4a686de1,monday should just be deleted from the week  i say we go straight to taco tuesday 
"going grocery shopping after work is the quickest way to achieve maximum exhaustion, in case anyone is curious "
"dear saturday morning,\\won't you please just stick around for a while?\\sincerely,\\me"
it's hard to tell hangover headaches and lack of sleep headaches apart unless you haven't had a drop to drink  that's what i get for staying up until 3 am researching auto insurance     surprise 
glorious weekend! incredible coffee! what a fantabulous combination  will productiveness follow? we shall see 
"i periodically google myself just to see if the spelling of my name has caught on, but i'm always the first search result   annoyed "
i got so much sleep! it was amazing! i feel like i drank an entire pot of coffee!
stupid headache    don't you know it's friday?!
"i was smarter this morning and had my coffee first thing  radio's blasting, the kids are getting along and the house is clean!"
is completely and hopelessly addicted to bloons 2   annoyed 
"\it's the fry fry house!\"" ~my son as we passed mcdonald's"""
"just dyed my hair, and it looks awesome! i'm back to a deep auburn, baby "
"word of advise: make sure to point out which teeth are to be removed before the oral surgeon knocks you out, or else you might lose a good molar  just saying "
"i don't know why everyone wigs out so much here in seattle when there's a <propmale> of snow  oh my goodness, there's going to be winter weather    in winter! eee gad!"
"side note: does the show \i didn't know i was pregnant\"" scare anyone else or is it just me?"""
"strawberry cheesecake ice cream, i heart you "
hooray for snow!!! whooohoo!!!
there is nothing more entertaining than watching an intersection in bellevue during a heavy snow 
snowed in! i love it! time to do some laundry and defrost the turkey     smile 
time to go on a walk with the kiddos!
bellevue schools are closed again tomorrow! what a fun week with my kids!
"happy thanksgiving to all, and to all a good sleep  i'm tired just thinking about the food     surprise "
"things i'm thankful for today: kids, sleds, snow, cookies, my husband, family, bloons 2 and most importantly diet dr  pepper  i live a blessed life!"
we just bought our christmas tree! it's so nice to have a real one after growing up with artificial cheer     smile 
nothin' better than spending the night commenting on bad movies with the husband  our conversations are not unlike those from mystery science theater 
"watching the goblet of fire, and i wonder: who is the other guy with wormtail and voldemort at the beginning in the riddle house? i don't remember reading that there were three people, besides the grounds keeper that is discovered eavesdropping, of course  he's obviously a death eater, but which one? (by the way, i'm a nerd and proud of it!)"
"trader <propfirst>'s has this awesome sugar cookie d i y  (decorate it yourself) <propfemale> for like $3 00  it has the dry ingredients for the cookies, frosting packets, sprinkles and cookie cutters  three of them  well made  i'm sooooo impressed  thank you for making my life easier, trader <propfirst>!"
sooo excited for christmas! i can't wait to see <propfirst>'s face when he opens his present!  joyful 
"did you know you can paint cookies? most people probably realized this, but for me it's a revelation  add more liquid to the frosting! amazing!"
"i had to change the sheet on my son's bed and so i took off the blankets and stuffed animals  until lately he hasn't cared much about the stuffed animals, but they've all been piled together the last couple of days  when i threw them on the floor he gasped and said \my family! dey go on da bed!\"""""
"i finished most of my christmas shopping before thanksgiving, and dreading the crowds around here have put off buying those few final gifts  today is the day, i suppose!"
"i just realized this morning that i'd better not fail at life, because i'll have no home to go back to if i do  no pressure!"
"fed, coffeed  time to get busy!"
i just need someone to tell me no  who's gonna step up?! who?!!
