acedbfa20d650ffc8ba1d0542dbdc0fb
is ready for it to be thursday!
is going to <propmale> on tuesday and looking forward to a weekend in fort worth in less than two weeks!
is going to <propmale> tonight!
got to <propfemale> out on <propmale>'s tour bus! pictures coming soon   
will be in fort worth again in 3 days!
"will be in the lone <propfemale> state tomorrow, but not a lone man!"
is engaged!
thanks everyone for their congratulations on his engagement
is saying goodbye to a long summer of separation from his fiancee today!
yes! go cougars!!
considers it a blessing from heaven that he does not have a multivariable calculus assignment due on monday
"is taking engagement photos tonight, and turning 23 tomorrow!"
is grateful for all of your birthday wishes
just got the latest <propmale> album and is enjoying it so far!
has the best co-workers in the world!!!!!!
go frogs!
has now e playful erienced rushing the field   go cougars!!!! 26-23
go cougars!!!! 26-23!
wishes he were cooler 
hates how being sick makes 8 hours of sleep feel like 2    ps - the cougars are tearing down the spectrum tonight!
"is looking to help his fiancee sell her apartment contract for winter semester  it's close to byu but also available to uvu students   it has a flat screen hdtv, granite countertops, w d, dishwasher, a c, and a private room   please contact me if you or someone you know might be interested   the contract is transferable for men as well!"
"thinks it's interesting how facebook shows you how some people change, and others stay the same"
has been vaccinated  what now swine flu?
"wants your opinion   would you rather listen to hip-hop, or the beach boys?"
"is still trying to help his fiancee sell her housing contract   if you are a girl, or know a girl who might be interested, please contact me!"
"who could ask for a better break? byu blasts osu in the las vegas bowl, good times with old friends, christmas with my family, and i'm getting married to a beautiful girl in less than a week!"
"is getting married tomorrow, then off to san <propfirst>!!!"
heading back to the homeland in a few hours!
"thinks his wife is pretty much the most amazing person in the entire world, and he wants go home right now and spend time with her, because she is tired of being at home by herself  hahahaha"
has a wife who always knows how to crack him up  wink 
"is selling his 2001 black toyota corolla s   if you are interested, send me a message "
<propmale> is coming to salt lake on march 30th  everyone get tickets and let's go!
<propmale> has changed venues and is now coming to provo on march 30th! tickets are $10 at 24tix com
<propmale> in 4 days!
is going camping in moab in two weeks!
can't wait to spend time with his wife in moab after finals!
is secretly laughing inside while his wife dances in the kitchen completely closed off from the world by her music  smile 
"is enjoying the momentary down time between spring and summer terms  four restful days, then a heavy dose of chem 105 everyday until august! it'll be worth it, right?"
has been married to his best friend for 6 months! i hope they're all as fun as these 
"is looking forward to seeing <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> today and leaving for california tomorrow!"
had a great time at the softball game tonight   good win team!
is rockin' a brand new mountain bike! now it's time to get greener and stay healthier
"only a few more weeks until cooler temps, college football, and basically the best season of the year"
"oh cougars, you just love to keep us guessing  first, you pick off a solid team led by an nfl draft bound heisman candidate, then you get your minds blown by a little speed and the triple option  what next? hopefully a pleasant surprise in tallahassee?"
just remembered that he can do a standing jump the length of a polar bear   video proof coming soon 
is counting it as a good thing that he has too many birthday wishes to comment on each individually   thank you very much to everyone 
"well done yesterday cougars, well done"
is so crazy about his wife he can hardly stand it!!!! (hahahahahahaha  smile  )
"that's right, i was sorted into gryffindor   <propmale> and i are two peas in a pod "
"time to excercise after stuffing my face all weekend in fort worth   great weekend with <propfemale>'s family though, and a great weekend in mwc football!"
"3 trips to the testing center in 3 days  yeah, i love college"
"is looking forward to watching jimmer and crew shut down the aggies in the marriott center tonight   it's going to be a long, quiet bus ride back to <propfirst> "
go cougs! way to send those aggies and their stupid chanting (i mean literally chanting the word 'stupid' over and over) back to <propfirst> with a loss!
"isn't it funny that when openly religious people manifest imperfections it's called hypocrisy, but when non-religious people manifest imperfections it's called being human?"
rivalry week! post your favorite byu vs utah picture and support your team   go cougars!
is grateful for a patient wife who has nothing but love and understanding for him despite all of his shortcomings
go cougars! beat the utes!
"there's no such thing as \x-mas \"" the christmas holiday comes with plenty of fun non-religious traditions but the reason for the season has always been our savior"""
"just donated blood   filled the little bag in 5 minutes, oh yeah!"
there are few things that are more insulting to my integrity than automatic toilet paper dispensers  who's really going to go into the stall and just start rolling it out for fun?
t'was foretold!
happy 1st anniversary to my wife <propfemale>! i love you even more than i did last year
jimmer does it again
"you know it's been way too cold outside when you walk out in 30 degree weather and think \this kinda feels nice\"""""
"just when you think your life isn't convenient enough, you buy yourself a wireless printer to avoid the tremendous task of connecting your computer with a cable to print  that being said, i love it "
5 1 2 hours until sdsu falls in the marriott center
we're having a baby girl in july!
