b985f69274cb979115fbfa83b8ac4f36
"the end of the novel, american psycho, is much more depressing than i thought it would be, yet so utterly appropriate  <propmale> easton <propfirst> is, so far, my favorite writer  note to self: must read his other books "
feels so awkward and frustrated and has a headache
<propfirst> scottsdale
"thanksgiving became a day of candles, music, literature, personal insight, and retrospective "
"i'm going to land on the <propfemale>, and then im going to make some pokemon <propmale> and cheese "
got accepted into csun!
avatar in imax 3d is by far my vote for best movie e playful erience of all time 
"if the walls had ears, would they really care about what your saying?"
chocolate sounds good
what's up with all these people bitching about how this year turned out? stfu and drink!!!
fuck sleep at this point!
this strawberry tastes like an illusion 
"great first day at school! showed up late to speech and had to stand almost the entire class, and then in acting my belly was rumbling loud as hell, like a bitch, and shortly after had a nose bleed in class! yay for crowded parking lots, small classrooms, empty bellies, and disfunctional - and probably cynical and suicidal - noses!  laugh "
what's on my mind? too many things   
for some odd reason i am excited for tomorrow 
"listening to really sad, dark jazz makes me want to sit in a dark, dimly lit room and drink red wine "
"so, right when the target crew gets off work at around 11 p m  the first thing me and my <propmale> zach do is pump up the bass in my car stereo playin that freshy-fresh lil <propmale>, and we bust out a dance sesh in the middle of the parking lot, and some women come up from that flat fuckin trader joes and be all lookin at us like we crazy or somethin  i mean, shit, tell 'em keep my name out dey mouth if they dont know me!"
"it might just be me, but why are a lot of people putting up pictures of actors and actresses on their profile pictures that look similar to themselves? is this a new facebook fad? if so, let me know, so i can join in on the fun!  laugh "
i see dead people    and a dui occuring sometime in my future 
every single night i have a dream that i am smashing them all
i just realized that life is pretty lame most of the time 
"im beginning to think, after analyzing myself, that intelligent people who spend all their time reading and writing and studying and doing other similar indoor activities do so partly because they enjoy it, and partly because they cant get any"
"wet, cold shopping carts are the sons of satan!"
"holy responsible workplace woman prostitue, batman! waaaaay too much homework   "
"even the darkness must pass  a new day will come  and when the sun shines, it will shine out the clearer "
was accepted into the phi theta kappa honor society 
going back in time tonight  destination: 1966 
"i am drunk, home alone, still drinking, a drink in my hand, talking to you drunk, porn on tv, all the lights are on, and im drunk "
"*status update that has nothing to do with what has just happened to me, or what is on my mind, or what i look forward to or hope for*"
"i need to stop thinking so much and just start doing  fuck consequences  if the wrong outcome occurs, then so be it "
sooooo zach's great team hero picture is the best great team hero pic i have ever seen in all my three years there  congrats zach!
"i had a dream last night that the world was being invaded by super-intelligent, technologically advanced cybernetic toucans "
what i have learned today: pussy jokes dont really work during a speech 
i saw shutter island last night  it is now one of my all-time favorite movies  i could talk about that movie for hours 
"another dream! the world was full of the light of sunset and there were flowers of all different colors around and there were houses full of gangbangers throwing parties, giving out complimentary sacks of weed, where i snatched a bag and left immediately and walked around picking flowers, rubbing and scratching the petals to discover that they had been painted, to find the same exact color underneath   "
fuckin good day so far  smile 
"i have to say, drake has got to be the new <propfirst> white    if you catch my drift "
"lifted, movie, food, huge two hour conversation with the home boys, great laughs: great night  smile "
"back from the trip, it was a total tripp"
first day back in school and hating it  sad 
great day so far! im thinking the new songs i downloaded will keep that goodness going later when im pushing some plastics  smile 
my girl has got me addicted to playing the acoustic guitar for her and i like  smile 
"when me n <propfirst> get together, some crazy shit happens  last night he stole a few traffic cones from the jewish college and i ran over the box they were in with my car  weird lights and unlocked doors   "
ready to party it the fuck up tonight!
"the weekend was intense  hiked a total of 20 <propmale>  good times, sore feet    but this week will be just as intense, but in a very different way  wink "
so today is    yeahh  smile  and i am soo   yeahh  wink 
if it's mind over matter then it doesn't matter if you don't mind  wink 
bella: what a stupid lamb   edward: what a sick masochistic lion   pirate: arg!
"i dont have anything to say, really   "
it's just like money: it's green    it's soft    it's pretty    it makes you feel good when you have a lot    makes you feel good when you smoke it
today is all work  annoyed 
"damn, i didn't know it was <propfemale> wars day! may the 4th be with you! hahahahaha thats genius!"
"live for today, dream of tomorrow "
why is it that i am perfectly content with staring at the wall for hours and hours?
"\we read to know we are not alone \"" -- c s  <propfirst>"""
i need you so much closer  so come onnnnnnnn  come onnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn  smile 
i can't stop staring at this dogs wiener  its so big!
"had an amazing time in tahoe with jessica love  and the fam and <propfirst>  shit was cold, it was a dreamsicle  laugh "
"im hungry, im gonna go eat something  maybe cereal  twitter status right here "
its like <propfemale> harbor in my mouth right now
fresher than a pillow with a mint on it
sick and shit 
girlfriend is asleep and im wide awake    what should i do about this?
"today is a saturday that could be well used, but unfortunately i am out of commission  thank you tonsillitis  and i hate that word, it feels like ive been using that word as a consistant synonym of \complain\""  just ignore me haha"""
its fucking hot  annoyed 
just finished painting my room  pretty much black walls  its pretty tight haha
everyone is eating the apple over and over again and they say they regret it but they keep taking bites because it tastes so good 
if u blood throw it up
my whole life i have needed someone to give me a kick in the ass  but im going to start kicking my own fucking ass  smile 
cookies and beer mothafuckaaa
"just got my check yesterday, and its pretty much gone already  the life of a poor man is rough indeed  but im gonna spend the rest of it on a night for me and my lady  smile "
3 months with jessica love 
nothing can try and wedge its way in between two rocks that are so close they might as well be one 
had a great time in <propfemale> with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and had a great time with <propfemale> and <propmale> afterwards  awesome day in general!  laugh 
going to work is always so hard cuz i have to leave my girl!  sad 
"not necessarily stoned, but    beautiful "
sometimes i feel like a cat-lady  annoyed 
"no one has ever inspired me to write more than <propfemale>  thank you, love, for making me feel more productive!  laugh "
drakes flows are getting better but his lines are getting worse  and <propmale> is still killing it
4th of july weekend was nice  spent it all in hemet and met and stayed with <propfemale>'s family  what very nice people! had a great time with the best girl ever!  love 
stickin to the script like lint on denim
someone text me later and remind me to get deodorant!
i'm the party <propfemale>
full day hiking
"awesome day yesterday! lets see if today can top that    uh, no  got work  annoyed "
"damn, my girlfriend is fucking hot  monday  day off! wooooooo!"
really glad i didnt see it all
old people lag balls when dropping a d
partying in vegas pre game for my 21st  drinking with the family and friends  wish everyone was heree mothafuckaaa!
"it might be a little late, but thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday!"
going to the gym for the first time in like    forever?
"4 months strong! kicking ass and taking names, whatever that means!  laugh "
soooooo fucking tired  but that wont stop me from playing my geetar!
i wanna be a ups driver just so i can wear their awesome socks
reading is a terrible thing to do when you want to take your mind off of things  cuz then you realize that all youre reading about is whats on the characters minds which reminds you that you have things on your mind too  jeez
go to the gym or watch a movie with a beer in my hand?
using musical theory i have created order out of chaos
weights down so that you can move forward 
what's the cat gotta do with anything?
"now i understand why i would rather read than watch tv     theres just nothing on at all! and im hungry and poor, someone feed me :["
fucking drunk
pur to the r-r-rrrrrr  i don't know if that's lame or not but i sure as hell thought it was pretty clever :•
"same ol' shyut, dyffrnt dyah"
"thought i couldnt love her more than i already did  i was proved wrong  and i have a feeling that im gonna be proved wrong more and more every day  i love you, jessica love "
off work until monday!
going to vegas!
back from an amazing trip! phone is broken so im gonna try and get that straightened out today  and im anticipating some shit going down at work today sooooo yeah fun times
"i start school at csun tomorrow but all i can think about is how much i love you, <propfemale>"
started my classes for csun today - kicked ass; went to work today - kicked ass; gonna have a beer cuz im done today - kick ass 
"   when the problems i'd left with couches in alleys, where no one would ever claim  and the hardest part was sifting through the pieces of the rain-soaked and rotten remains when i got home "
<propfirst> daniels if left out in a glass overnight turns into some ugly looking thing in the morning
if you dont like me then you must hate money  wink  goin bladin!
last week i had the strangest dream  where everything was exactly how it seemed 
"if i could open my mouth wide enough for a marching band to march out, they would make your name sing and bend through alleys and bounce off all the buildings    and that name is <propfemale>, and i dont want it to just linger in the city, but fly over the whole world "
chumash last night  failed 
"it's crazy looking back at old videos of yourself and seeing how much you've changed, and yet there are still little bits of the old you that have never changed  and probably never will  smile "
work  fuck 
just another day
"gotta keep busy, gotta keep my mind focused and busy  only problem is i cant stop thinking of you "
some people just need to start having faith in the ones they love and respect for the ones that love them and stop being dirty fucking whores
apparently i'm a tasty fruit  so says <propfirst> and myself  smile 
and now is when the trees start to die  muahahahaha
"damn, spice spices up your dreams!"
had a decent session at moorpark
"damn, i'm just fucking owning these fucking flash cards right now "
"am i the only one that has this pain, a fear that my feelings for you can freeze and numb with your coldness  when will the spring return "
all i have to say is  smile 
just finished my test but pissed that i still have lecture after! > sad 
chumash round 2
chumash round 2 result: ko  sad 
work and then mayyyyyybe octoberfest
never thought i'd go to horror nights again  this time i'm bringin absolut
it was like a breath of fresh air
fuck its cold outside!
"im on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine aint always gonna be gold  ill be fine once i get it, ill be good "
can't wait to vote in november! yes on prop 19 mother fuckers!
a monday night with nothing to do and im restless  bad combination 
succulent rub downs
"i was hovering overhead taking it in  but all the things i should have said, they were trapped forever in my skin "
life seems to be harder and simpler when your broke
dgaf  i feel like i should be doing more of that or something
gettin better at what i do every day  smile 
i'd be gungho about this weather if i didn't have to push carts in it later  annoyed 
"some people are just ridiculous  then again, so am i  playful "
and then my mirror speaks with a reverence like a solider i cant command  it sees a child in the body of a full grown man 
because maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me
"<propfemale> is dead in the hands of bad luck  before it might have made some sense, but now its all fucked up "
crazy night
i think that its brainless to assume that making changes to your window's view will give a new perspective 
ill take the best of your bad moods and dress them up to make a better you
"fuck, i have another day off and i dont know what to do with myself  lifes gay"
your mouth looks happy but your eyes look sad  why? haha get him to the greek is the shit
can't think straight
"my heart's big, but it beats quiet"
had a dream that i lost some teeth and then threw up some blood and a mechanical device
my mentality only exists because of the mentality of others
in waiting  someday ill know where my future lies  it isnt over 
put some shoes on my bullets now their running your way
"crashing through the parlour doors, what was your first reaction? screaming drunk, disorderly, ill tell you mine: you were the one  but i can't spit it out when the dates been set   "
really wish my mind had an off switch
the rhythms of my footsteps crossing flatlands to your door have been silenced forevermore  and the distance is quite simply much too far for me to row  it seems farther than ever before   
what the hell am i gonna do with myself today
"if you've got a void, fill it"
let's have a toast to the douchebags  let's have a toast to the assholes 
got a jigglypuff puffin on this magic stuff!
had to ride my bike to work today still pretty much drunk  how the fuck am i gonna do this haha
"flippin fuckers off when they give me the look, as if im the definition of the shit when they look in the book  bitch, im so hot im burning off the pages "
relay for life!
lost my <propfirst> bans  crying 
you shouldn't think what you're feeling  they don't tell you what you know you should want
"i am one of those melodramatic fools  neurotic to the bone, no doubt about it!"
"fuck, limewire shut down for good  sad "
"i let you bum a smoke  you quit this winter past  i've tried twice before, but like this, it just will not last "
when halloween is the last thing on your mind until the day finally arrives that's when you know the magic has died in you
gonna be fucked up all weekend thats for sure
so tired from last night and work  zzzzzzz and then ding ding i'm in the ring  going for a second knockout
i wonder what today will bring  wink 
if you could see inside my head then you'd start to understand the things i value in my heart   i can't live my life like you 
halloween was in general a total waste of    idk something  but then it got better  smile 
is no vote better than an ignorant one? fuck it i voted anyways  smile 
you're like a ghost that keeps coming back to haunt me
i miss my <propfirst> bans  sad 
"we're all whores, just some of us get paid"
"the <propmale> brothers tell me to leave the past behind me  ok, <propmale> brothers!"
<propfirst> swift's a whore???
"last night was awesome  celebrated birthdays with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  had a beautiful date to accompany me to the second  good friends, good buzz, good night  smile "
i'm so horny! kiss my hand!  laugh 
success is getting what you want  happiness is wanting what you get  -- <propfirst> carnegie
"why do i have a facebook? i never post anything and hardly ever read anything that you all post  no offense, just sayin"
"choices in life are scary because of the fear of the unknown and the fear of failure  face the fear with an open heart, because every choice leads to the same end "
i called her a bitch right in front of her tits
"for some reason i feel like saying this  to all the people in my life: thank you for being in my life  without you all, i wouldnt be who i was yesterday, who i am today, and who i will be for the rest of my life  and hearts  wink "
payday
chicken and wine!
target is so busy!  sad 
i'm so bored  someone save me with their party
its such a nice day and im not even outside enjoying it  this needs to change!
"now, don't get me wrong, i love weed  i love it  but not as much as i love pussy  wink "
there's not even seatbelts in the backyard - camacho
what ghosts exist behind these attic walls? there's got to be a simpler e playful lanation; cuz i skrimped and i saved just to find that they've been splicing my inventions!  sad 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
black friday is finally over! time to make up for that shit with some alcoholic beverages  i'm goin in 
fuuuuck
"r i p  to the guy you used to see  his days are over, baby, he's over "
how is it that most of my profile pics are of me fucked up in some way? whats wrong with me?!?!?!
wake and bake
"the more that you think the less you know what to do    its all here for you as long as you choose to stay, as long as you don't fly away "
"selling my daxter limited edition silver psp w charger, memory card, case, daxter game, final fantasy crisis core game and family guy freakin sweet collection for $85  good deal for all that, let me know if you're interested "
stayin up till i cant stay up no longer  wish my sleep was dreamless 
there's a reason why it feels good to find puzzle pieces that fit together: cuz its nice seeing things turn out the way they were meant to
why is it everytime i go to my theatrical performance class its always fucking cancelled
i believe some songs will make you think of one person for the rest of your life
not excited for booty shorts   
not looking forward to an 8 hr cashier shift :[
cant fucking trust anyone anymore
"#420  for as long as ive known you, each time we get together its been like euphoria  there's just something about you  the smell of you  the taste of you  the look about you  maybe im imagining things, but every time we part, you seem to go out in flames, only to be reborn the next day like a pheonix  i swear, youll never burn out completely, because you burn forever in my heart love "
"3  i met you not too long ago it seems, but damn, its already coming up on a year  and we barely <propfemale> for some reason   either cuz of the distance or cuz we never plan anything or something  but that should c<propfemale>e for sure  smile "
"god, what have i gotten myself into with this number thing   97  i don't know you too well but the few times we did <propfemale> out was great  you're funny in your own way and you're easy to get along with  you probably dislike me now which i understand  but i guess there are times when one makes friends and one makes enemies with every decision they make in life "
"<propfemale>, please don't shit in my stocking"
"oh, the lonely nights"
"1 final down, 1 to go!"
death cab for cutie album coming out this coming spring! piano-based record   sounds incredible!! can't wait!!
what a beautiful sunset!
it is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity
on your machine i slur a plea for you to come home  but i know its too late  i should have given you a reason to stay 
"there were times i was the hero, and times i was the villain  times i was a nobody, times i was the shit  so what am i now"
"telling me how you moving away and starting over girl, quit playing you just drunk, you just sayin shit   talking to myself but i never listen, cuz man its been a while and i swear that this ones different     -- fall for your type"
"the actions of people, regardless of its moral nature,  are not justified or understandable unless they are done by yourself "
fuck this rain  gtfo
"sometimes i cant escape from my room, so excuse me, ill be just a little late"
i can't see the stars anymore
wake up to black ops  new games are addicting!
"i think my worst fear is making a choice that i might later regret  despite what you all might say about fate or things that were meant to be, something i myself claim to believe in, theres still that lingering thought that i could have done something about it "
"damn, another full night of newcastle and video games? yeah, probably "
life is a bipolar bitch  and all you can do is give her a slap with your pimp hand
"fucking exhausting weekend, but amazing for sure! time to relaxxxx"
say hello to everything you've left behind  its even more a part of your life now that you can't touch it 
if you got problems with i then i will fix them cataracts  weez
"i'm sorry, but inception should have won best film"
"people are fucking retarded  coming up with philosophies they dont follow, bashing others for things they themselves are guilty of as well  wake the fuck up and realize you are just as bad as everyone else"
"imma do my best with what i have, and stop wishing i had things that i didnt  my new years resolution  a bit late, but its something "
"fuck, its only been 6 days and my mustache is itching! shit, how can i <propfemale> for 4 months?! d:"
i hate my cats  and their piss  annoyed 
despite the clouds its such a beautiful day for some reason  smile 
"you will risk more, see more, gather more, process more, fashion more, consider more, love more, suffer more, imagine more and in the end know why less means more and leave what doesn't and keep what implies and create what matters  this is what is meant by \artist\"""""
"the empty road beyond, a pale curve vanishing into the woods where nothing moves and a street lamp flickers on and off until at last it flickers out and darkness sweeps in like a hand - \house of leaves\"" is done!!  laugh """
i believe in people like you
ive got a pimp cup but i havent been using it
if you don't like me then you must hate money  playful 
drink your captain before your corona!
haha last night was tight  the cats out of the bag!
beautiful day means i'm gonna hike just like dat
hoping for a visit from my girl <propfirst> <propfemale>
heroes is like the best show ever  soooo fucking good
ugh its so hot out today!
burn it down till the embers smoke on the ground  and start new when your heart is an empty room 
played some basketball with my dad  smile 
getting fuckin wasted tonight i don't give a fuckkkk
"till the day i die, imma touch the sky  imma touch the skyyy baby girrrlll!"
video games and beer is such a good combination
i've made mistakes but they don't define who i am; they just define who i won't be from now on
friday off  gonna go hard
<propfemale> i went too hard today and busted up my hand  annoyed 
woke up hungover to the neighbors house catching fire
its just one of those sundays
first day of school ugh
it smells like someone skeeted all over csun   fucking gross
i always knew i had a good thing when i had it  i was just stupid enough to lose it
bp tonight  gonna win a game tonight i can feel it!
i hate having to go to bed early so that i can actually wake up in the morning for school  annoyed 
let's nuke the bridge we torched two thousand times before  this time we'll blast it all to hell
fuckkkk worrrrkkkk
time for a much needed nap
i can already tell i'm gonna have a lot of homework this semester    sad 
i feel like i just had the biggest case of munchies today
i have to memorize all the countries of europe by wednesday   fuck
terrible day at work  i feel like shit  i need to rest up
sanctum looks tight!
"another step closer to the day where people who have somebody are probably gonna get laid, where people who have nobody are probably gonna be in a bad mood"
i know i own at carts but this job is just way too easy  i need a job that keeps me busy and pays me more  i wanna make bank!
"im like the biggest facebook whore tonight, i swear   "
who has a membership at 24 and wants to play basketball? hit me up
dont you love nights that feel like an adventure?
"i have to say, jersey shore is entertaining    0 o"
"from playing basketball to writing a parody of an emo hardcore song to partying it up in camarillo, i'd say today was a pretty good day"
pregame pot and bp  sounds solid
"just watch, green bay is gonna turn the steelers black and blue  wink "
green bay is kicking some ass for sure
game over  packers game
mondays are especially bad when you have school and then work like immediately after  annoyed 
"gonna be classy tonight  mixed liqueur & hookah w  <propmale> newell  damn, i just learned how to do that  playful "
homework and work today  annoyed  how uneventful are the weekdays   
fuck    school   all i wanna do is get lifted like all day haha
had a nice hike with a few friends and a few babies  smile 
life is good
"damn, i forgot how tragic, how sad frankenstein is  i'd be the monster's friend!"
my grades in school are so baller  i'm so baller
the human centipede is a weird ass movie!
mmm beer and cereal
mmm velveeta never hit the spot so good
"so i have 2 essays to write, both due next week, but fuck it, tonight i wanna party, some way, somehow"
how do you check yourself into places? 24 said if i checked in i'd get benefits??
it seems like all i do is nap lately  not necessarily complaining tho  i  love  sleep
if you wanted bullshit then i'm like ole  wink 
i need a better job  and a fat sleeping pill
"\what is love but something like insanity? cuz i'm crazy enough to do anything for you\"""""
insomniaaaa
pikachu ringtone helllll yeaaaaaaaah
"my night is gonna consist of writing an essay i'm really not looking forward to writing, while drinking beer and coffee just to make it interesting  imma be up all night!?!?!"
"if i was alive when <propfemale> dickinson was alive, and i met her, id probably slap that crazy bitch  but i still love her poetry  wink "
"just finished my essay, after distracting myself throughout with a documentary on weed and idk how many glasses of rum & coke    and i think imma stay up the rest of the night  fuck it"
i hate how the rain makes terrible drivers even more dangerous > sad 
im gonna be higher than the mothafuckin alps my nigga  so what else is new?
"i think sundays are usually gay cuz they come right before monday, and monday is definitely gay"
this minute is the beginning of the rest of your life
"if you wanna spit shit, do it in a bucket  if you wanna hate bitch, ill show you where to suck it  smile "
i've watched like all the good movies on netflix   what now??
sometimes i love being at work  the target crew is like a second family to me
"if you've got a problem, fix it  if you dont know you have a problem, you've got a big problem "
children's hospital is a pretty funny show actually haha
i wanna play bpppppppppppp
never forget to take off your shoes
life is like a tide that rises and falls
new moto for life: man up
hiked about 26 <propmale> this weekend  so fucking tired!
ancient aliens hell yeah
i miss the old lady gaga  back when she was cute and sexy  annoyed 
i hate days when youre stuck at home doing homework and yet you feel like youre just wasting your time  annoyed 
the only green ill be wearing today is the bit of kush on my fingers
ugh
soooo fucking bored  work is lame i just wanna drink with my homeskiis
fuck this weather it can smd
i hate being confused
"if only the rain could cleanse more than the street and the soil, but what of my heart and my soul"
"holy shit, <propfemale> <propfirst> in the next pirates?! im so down"
clubbing hollywood tonight bitches!
"ok, fuck the guy who got into my car last night and stole my ipod and my stereo deck  i would have killed that bitch if i found him"
happy birthday to you  happy birthday to you  you're gonna get super faded  and you've got first greens too!  wink  happy bday z
i've gotta step up my game in school  can't be pussyfooting anymore! > smile 
such a big fan of pleasant surprises  smile 
homework? or beer and family guy? hmmmm
isolation hardly ever breeds change  get out and let the world change you
it sucks driving around with no music  annoyed  so boring!
two words: fuck school
you gotta work with what you got  smile 
"beer pong, hit me up!"
trying to hustle through work  so hard after this weekend! spent
being sick sucks :[
the <propfemale> is smiling at us  surprise 
the french lieutenant's woman done! now i think ill move on to the time machine by h g  wells
gonna be an interesting night
finally have an ipod again! hallelujia or however its spelled dont spell check me bitches
vegas  in 4 days  its gonna be my mission to get involved with the cops for something or other
when it comes to making money i'm a printing press   not!  annoyed 
come on guys i need a challenge on words w  friends  get at me   scbaby_69
ohhh shiiiiiit vegas tomorrow!
night one of vegas got me fucked up   now for some recovery time at diablo's with margaritas
fuck vegas traffic!
going back to an amazingly dull school work schedule sucks after an amazingly awesome weekend
big <propfirst> is a faggot and he ruined my name  fuck you lil <propmale> if you take him into young money
wants to go to vegas again  like now haha
i think its about that time  to start recording
facebook makes school really hard when youve got both on the computer
hit #1 out of   idk 1k? haha 420 holla at ya boi!
"today is like the day after a big festival, boring and terribly normal -__-"
mm how i love that new car smell
blahh ive got such a terrible memory! -___-
haters gonna hate
happy easter to everyone that cares about easter! if you don't well that's cool just ignore the first part and just have a wonderful day! and then suck my <propmale>  smile  haha nah just kidding but nah seriously  wink  but nah  playful 
life is a bitch and death is her sister  for sure
if you wanna spit shit do it in a bucket  if you wanna hate bitch ill show you where to suck it 
balance is all good and stuff but extremes just make life worth living
"alright sunday, you're gonna bring it hard, and imma bring it even harder! and when im done, days like you can gtfo"
i like my coffee like i like my men     black  wink 
