72693800e7a8dea9c2cb00e5449f2ef7
can't sleep anymore    waiting for six when i can talk some more tylenol!!
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can    raise awareness "
at hospital its time  my phones off do message me on facebook
i have a healthy baby girl  smile 
is loving being a mommy today!
home withe the baby!
"even when it has been a long day, tru knows just what to do to make me smile  smile "
just got back from tru's doctor appointment  she's a healthy little girl  the doctor even told me to brag about her weight at 8lbs 10oz  nearly a pound over her birth weight and just two weeks old   smile 
reasons to love being a mom: #7 the 100th reading of goodnight <propfemale> is every bit as good as the first  smile 
reasons to love being a mom: #1 you receive a reception worthy of the next american idol even though you'd only left the room for a minute to get more wipes 
"tru is two months old today! my, how time flys!"
going to watch pretty little liars with my kenzie tonight! super excited to get out of the hosue!
had a great 4th! tru got to e playful erience her first fireworks! she slept right through them though   thats ok we still had a lot of fun!
tru is three months old today! she is getting too big too fast! she has already started rolling over! what am i going to do with this big baby?
argh! wish so badly that i could sleep like normal people!!
tru got her three month pictures taken today! they are so cute! i can't wait to get them up! hopefully get to see my kenzie today!  makes for a pretty good day  smile 
got a job  smile  i'm super excited!
"tru had such a long day already! she had her four month check up, which means more shots  annoyed  but she's a trooper and she's feeling much better now!"
tru survived her first night sleeping by herself and getting herself to sleep! it was tough but we did it  i hope it keeps getting easier for her  but wow is she getting big!
tru and kaia had their first trip to the mall of <propfemale> today   now they are offically <propfemale>ns  smile 
wow how time flies  tru is 5 months old today! i don't know what i'm going to do with this little big girl!
really mr  woodpecker    must you peck right by the window of the room where tru is taking a nap? must you?
my baby is 6 months old today! who said she could get that big? certainly not me!
27 days until christmas  smile 
"tru started crawling today! just a little bit  she much prefers walking around the couch, but she did it! she's starting to grow up into a little girl  how scary  annoyed "
just finished wrapping all of tru's presents! whew! now i am really excited about christmas!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas from tru and me!!!
tru is nine months old today! it's amazing how fast they go from being babies to little people! i love her sooooo much  smile 
tru went to the zoo today for her first time! she loved looking at the fish! it was even cuter to see her a kaia eat together at <propfemale> garden  kaia generously gave tru the food she didn't like  and together they left a wonderful mess of food on the floor  so much fun!   love 
enjoyed watching mia play basketball today! way to go! i so enjoy days with the entire family  smile 
"tru had her weight check today! she gained almost a pound  she's back on the curve again  now we just have to keep it up  she definitely is not a big eater  she is strong and healthy but could do without the whole eating thing  picky, picky child!"
done with my midterm! ready for a break  smile 
wow! tru is 11 months old today  smile  one more month and she will be a year  it's crazy how time flies!
