1402f80513e7e62390d5ae941cdf4c0a
"happy new years everyone!!!  ringing in the new year at work with <propfirst> tonight, woohoo  laugh   everyone be safe!"
happy friday everyone!
"hanging with my bff all day today and all day tomorrow, yay!!!"
off to the kitchen to start cooking   yay  smile 
is there anyone out there that is playing champions online by <propmale>?
tired of my family and their inconsiderate ways ><
off to bed after a long somewhat nerve wracking day   another long one ahead tomorrow 
aagghh it's house heroes night   yay!!!
off to beddy-bye
"watching the notebook until bleach comes on, then sleep "
is exhausted after another long day running around with mom 
"yay, it's saturday, now i just need to figure out where to start "
waiting for <propfirst> to wake up and hoping he feels better 
hanging out with friends   yay!
not feeling very good 
"feeling worse, can't sleep and my tummy is killing me "
"feeling almost as good as new, must have been something i ate  smile "
waiting for <propfirst> to get home so we can play some champions together 
"just finished watching fringe and the mentalist, great episodes   can't wait for mom to get home so i can watch grey's anatomy and private practice with her "
just finished book 4 of the sookie stackhouse novels   can't wait to get my hands on books 5 and 6 
"don't you hate it when you get a song stuck in your head and no matter how many times you listen to it or no matter how many other songs you try to flush it out with, nothing and i mean nothing seems to work?"
heading out to put up christmas lights today while it is so beautiful 
"it has been a long day, but it is almost time to relax and watch some house "
getting mom settled into the hospital 
"mom is in the emu (epilepsy monitoring unit)   she had a blackout type spell in september and 1 a month since then   it's not a real big deal right now, they just want to see if they can figure out what is causing it   they did find two tumors on her brain that are benign, but they are not sure if that is what is causing the \spells\"" """
"update:  they want mom sleep deprived   as if it wasn't bad enough she only got about 4 hours of sleep before we came in monday morning, but they want her to stay awake until 6am tuesday morning and then sleep for a few hours, then stay awake from 11am to 11pm   fun stuff, considering i will also be sleep deprived, lol "
"off to bed, <propfemale> sleepy "
back to the hospital for the night shift   they are going to let her go to bed at 11pm 
another sleep deprived day at the hospital   doctor's orders 
"yay, mom had a spell   she is fine, but hopefully now they can figure out where to go from here "
"we are home, yay   the spells she was having was fainting spells   still not sure what is causing them, but we know one thing for sure, do not make mom laugh hysterically  laugh    basically at least 3 of those spells she was laughing until she was purple, which given the right circumstances is really easy to do   oh well, more tests to come "
thank you all for your birthday wishes!     smile 
"wishing i could just couch this stuff up and be done with it   i mean seriously, not even winter yet and this is the second time i have been sick since october "
"i love snow, but i hate when <propfirst> has to work during it "
"heading off to my grandma's house for our christmas gathering, this is gonna be fun!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!       smile 
happy new years!  hope all my fb friends have a safe and happy holiday   and drink one for me tonight!   laugh 
"so much to do today, so little sunlight in which to get it done "
blue
everywhere n messy
"5 more hours then it's me and my <propfirst> for two whole days, yay!"
"i am about to fall asleep in my chair, but i will not go to bed until i know <propfirst> has gotten to work safely, and he's not leaving for another hour   once he gets home in the morning i will start enjoying the beautiful snow "
"i am off to bed, not too often i actually sleep at night   i will probably be on this schedule off and on all month since mom has 6 different doctors appointments this month "
"i love my saturday night anime, i just wish [as] would add some new ones "
happy chinese new year everyone!
"be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind  ~ dr  seuss"
"friday is here again, where has this week gone?"
"time to clean, clean, clean   oh what fun   smile "
bored bored bored!
can anyone recommend a good pet insurance company?
when it rains it really pours!!
"if anyone needs any avon, i have an order going in monday morning, just let me know "
"thank you to all the veterans out there who fought for our freedom, and to those who continue to do so every day "
weeeeeeee
can anyone tell me when the lewisville parade is supposed to be this year?
"tomorrow is going to be great, family, friends, and lots of fun!"
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, i appreciate it  laugh "
<~~ really needs this bad day to come to an end already!
"<propfemale> christmas everyone, i hope everyone has a safe and wonderful holiday!!"
"spending new years with <propfirst> at work, yay!"
"husband week: if you have a husband who is your best friend, who works hard for you, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you the most even when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the date you were married    7 04 02 i love you <propfirst>!"
what's great for a snack and fits on your back?
