d8d922528c6158c338957a2f8e299edf
fallout 3 is getting better by the minute 
four day weekend for me!
time to pwn 
jumped off a bridge today   it wasn't fatal   
"oh look, a bar of soap "
 rockout
feeling a little uneasy this morning   better relax for a bit 
taking off my beard tonight   made it about a month and a week!
fer serious 
is a genious 
"so much fun, so little sleep this weekend   i hope everyone else had a good time too "
weaksauce?  noobsauce?  leetsauce!
uh    4 grey hairs and i am just turning 25 tomorrow!
roll that beautiful bean footage!
it's like i am the only one alive at 6am on a sunday 
i heard that she said that you were fat 
good day for a sun burn 
i don't want a large farva!
saturn breaking    i want a camaro!
is legendary 
prepare to be amazed!
what a nice weekend so far 
<propfirst> lebon is always fun to watch  all the fights were good tonight 
"goodnight cruel world   i'll uh, see you in the morning   usual time "
<propmale> poke your grandma!
"well well well, what do we have here?"
mayhem owned!!  atreyu is the bomb   <propmale> zombie put on quite the crowd pleasing performance   i heart dragula   got an xfactor1 cd from a band member selling them in the parking lot and it's pretty badass 
doofenshmirtz owns 
woot!  5fdp and atreyu cds arrived!
the weekend 
need that video game fix   dota here i come!
"you know you gotta help me out, yeaaa yeah "
aaaahhhh ryu kick!!!!
go stuff yourself !      with a good thanksgiving dinner   
"ah hahahahaha!  finished my workout and homework in record time   when my head is clear, i am unstoppable!"
wooohooo!  winter is here!
thanks for all the birthday wishes!  you guys are awesome 
who knew hacky sack could be so tiring 
love my classes so far this semester   goal is to stay on the <propfirst>'s list 
"so busy, can't keep up "
good ole rammstein (genuine smile overtakes my face)
"whoops, laid down to get rid of a headache and slept for 4 hours "
car's fixed!  thanks dad 
put my homework off until the last minute again   good thing it isn't lengthy or difficult 
so many video games to play!
"looking for a new accounting job   three years e playful erience   i am finishing my bachelors next may, if you see anything somewhat entry level, send it my way   thanks!"
