c73cb23c8f63e3ac46d10dcd89d65dd5
hoping for a lazy day      don't think it will happen 
not really the ending to my weekend i was hoping for but what do you do but smile and go on!!!
wondering why this migrane keeps coming back       really wish it would go away
just enjoyed a fabulous bbq    congrats <propmale>      now getting ready to head out      again   yay
is hoping work will sail by like it did yesterday!!  gonna have dinner with one of my bestests     yay!
oh my alarm (going off at 4 am) came way too quickly this morning   bedtime should have been way earlier than 1 surprise 0 
had such a great time        <propmale> claypool is awesome!!!!!!! my son had a gread time    got his playlist and got <propmale> to play guitar to him
just enjoyed some time at the lake with my family now getting ready to head out for some karoake fun!!!!!
is really annoyed with these crows outside my window who woke me up at 5am       giving me just about 3 hours of sleep        damn things still haven't shut up    at least now i am leaving for work      hopefully today will go by fast
one more work day and then off for a 3 day weekend     excited       going to be spending most of it at the lake!!!
"oh so happy to be off today      gonna enjoy my weekend with friends, family, lake and of course some fun fireworks!!!!!"
what a crazy 4th     trying to chill out at the lake property and someone catches the hill on fire only about 30 feet away from us        at least they kept it to only burning about 3 acres of everyones land and saved the houses on top     my wild night e
thank goodness for fridays       yet another day in paradise here i come!!!
off to do some chores around the house   oh yay! then maybe the park with a friend
at home working on the house   the daycare lost power so kids had to stay home today     don't know which is better     chores at home with the kids or actually going to work!
off to work today      but feeling a little under the weather today 
now on my way home     had couple drinks with some friends trying to fix this stupid laptop      now gotta take it to the laptop mechanic     super sucky     oh well   work tomorrow oh yay!!
going to work     oh so much fun 
happy its thursday      ready for the weekend    except all the work to do on the new house    at least i will be in town again soon     yay!
chillin at home with one of my boys     gonna watch movies and play games     so much fun!!!
going to go work on the new house so we can get moved in and to the park with some friends   then will be out again later for some karoake fun!!!
gonna go make us some dinner     a little late but oh well     then head out for some fun tonight   yay
enjoyed a fun night out with good friends      now off to work on the house again     all day   would rather go to the lake and enjoy the sun though 
had a great time       for the most part!  now heading to bed and another fun work day and more cleaning of the new house     so much fun!!!
oh just another day closer to the weekend      i am going to take a day and go to the lake      definitley need some relaxation time after this week!  but the house is coming along pretty nicely 
"facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission  click on settings above, between your name and the logout toggle  select privacy  then select newsfeeds and wall  next select the tab that reads facebook "
"well, havent seen my kids in only a couple of hours and already missing them   they are gone all weekend     sad   well, gonna go enjoy my free time since it only comes once in a blue <propfemale>   can't wait to get them back though   even if it is just for a we"
oh my goodness so bored   need something to do   wanna go shopping but its boring all by myself   ugh
off to do some shopping and then will be working on the new house   but definelty shopping first!!!!
another week of work and then vacation time!!!  hope this week is good and fast   oh so ready for that vacation!!
another day and counting       all too ready for this needed vacation 
and the countdown continues      2 days and then no work for a whole week   yipee!!!!!  i am so ready!
oh hell yes!!!!! just gotta make it through today and then no work worries for a week     so excited!!!!  vacation here i come!
is officially now on vacation   i am gonna have a great time!!
do i have to?
had the best chat with my far away bestie   gosh you are missed round here    
off to go do some painting at the new house   what fun   then maybe we will go play in the water!!!
"had such a productive day   really enjoying my vacation   but seems to be going way too fast   oh well, still have the rest of the week!! definetly hitting the water again tomorrow!!"
that sucks       i don't get it   oh well i guess right?
wishing that lost opportunity would arise itself again         trying to be hopeful      
is apparantly not needing sleep cause after only 2 1 2 hours can not keep her eyes closed any longer       so up and away to working on the new house again      
"seriously?????  mental note to self     never wear flipflops when possible demolition may occur       so now           boredom has now set in   too late for a nap and no kids around to bug me       what to do, what to do "
is running on deliciously empty         americano anyone?
when a door swings open make sure you ease into it     don't want to get slammed in the face when if it shuts      ouch 
ummmm didn't exactly turn out how i planned it to        still freaking tired   stupid insomnia 
is being a catch up on big brother 11 junky tonight and feeling absolutley wonderfully fabulous!!!!
is happy and chill with life right now   
ummmm guess nobodys home     wishing you were with me   sad    but new tattoo today    love it    she is soooo missed 
"gonna have a wonderfully fun time with my kids, <propfirst>, and halloween stuff today    my gpa will definitely be in my thoughts   gotta go see my gma so the kids can cheer her up even if just for a moment   happy halloween everyone!!!!!"
gonna have a wonderful dinner at my mothers house with some of my favorite people!  i love the holiday treats and dinners and being with everyone i love!!!
need to get some coffee flowing in my veins     then going to have a fun day running around with my man 
"f u have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults, copy and paste this to your status!"
worried about my bestie     hope she is okay     but enjoyed date night!!!
"brother sister week!!!!!! everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both! picture can be from when you were young or a current one! copy and paste this, and lets see how many people ? love ? their siblings!!!!"
feeling like crap but still ready to have a cute night with my man and kids    as we all geek out on computers and electronics!!!!  now just waiting for house to come on cause its gonna be good 
ready for another day      hopefully it will be a good day!!
finished watching season 5 of <propfemale> femme <propfemale> today    soooooo good  peta <propmale> rocks in that show!!!!  suggest watching this amazing work of television from the late 90's
hoping today is a good day     
"enjoying my saturday with my <propfemale>, playing on my new ipod touch, maybe gonna go get a couple of frogs for pets!!!! then hanging out with <propfemale> later!!! exciting!!!"
greatest moment of all time     playing texas holdem with <propfirst> on our ipod touches with him betting the crap out of me at the game    i was ready to give up and concede my defeat     he goes all in so i play along and i won the whole pot!!!!!!!  priceless i tell you
ugghhhh    sick kiddo     not fun    but think he is better then he is acting   he just doesn't want to go to school!!!!
dislikes fake people       who only talk crap about you behind your back then pretend to be your friend    
is going to eventually be ok   just taking one day at a time 
"feels like going shopping    so, think i will "
so did it again    lost my phone once again so if anyone needs to get a hold of me please contact me at 850-5763    hopefully my number will be back soon     thanks
oh happy late birthday to me!!! just spent all my birthday money and more but got some really great things!!!
what to do tonight????  currently sitting at home playing on the computer drinking sweet tea and without children tonight    might need plans   
is having a hard time finding it today   
dear life:  can you please give me a break sometime soon   don't know that i can handle much more   kthnkxbye
is hoping for a good day   
"well, phone was nowhere to be found at work so getting new one tomorrow     of course i lost everyones number again    saved it on my mini card but it was in the phone when it was misplaced     wonderful times"
finally have my phone back     well my replacement phone now so can use my phone number    yay!
eff      oldest sick again     at least this time he is on some antibiotics so hopefully we will kick this super cold he has   
is bored     
feeling good today     gonna pamper myself with a pedi and just enjoy a relaxing day!
is holding on to hope    
got a pedicure today and feeling quite sexy     gonna go out and have a little fun tonight!!!
oh monday    really 
enjoying my tuesday so  far    now would only be better if it was also warm and <propfemale> out cause im freezing   
why am i just oh so cold????  my hands are like ice cubes here     really   
is getting mad at her computer     trying to watch a video feed online and it keeps acting up     wtf 
oh goodness   fell asleep pretty early last night so been up since 2 doing laundry and stuff   now    im tired and ready for a nap before work     to bad that isn't going to happen   
oh so ready for this work day to be over    
oh yoga how i have missed you so     you make me feel oh so good!!! gonna <propfemale> with the kids for a bit and then might go sing some karaoke a little later    
is very interested   
rough start to my morning but will get better    just need some coffee!
awwww    sad panda face   
is excited!!!!!
off to bed     now lets hope i can actually sleep and not wake up at 2 am again   
is happy its friday     i have a good feeling about today!
oh this day is dragging    bored at work   
fun time at digs soccer game!  hescored a goal right after he got knee'd in the face and got a bloody nose     sweet!
feels amazing!!
dear monday    i am not  very happy with you so can you please make it friday now?  i would really appreciate it   kthnxbye
"just got made fun of by my 10 year old because apparently i saw the word \taco\"" funny    hmmmm"""
is so sleepy tonight    gonna finish watching house then may go to bed early    
people are absolutely rude today     wtf   
"watching my kiddos soccer practice, then going home to make dinner and clean the house    what an exciting life i live   "
am i too old to run away from home?
does not know where all of a sudden all of these bruises came from    
wants to go play poker tonight     but my brother is not answering to my babysitting request   brother where are you
dear laundry  i put you in the washer  i put you in the dryer  the least you could do is learn to fold yourself and put yourself away  is that so much to ask?
"just realized that tomorrow will be a little busy    work, dr appt, work again, soccer practice, visit to the cemetery (might be a little sad too)     then after all this gonna treat myself to some karaoke   "
happy birthday grandpa    your first birthday you are gone     you are loved dearly and missed much    forever and always in our hearts you will stay    
got suckered into being soccer coach today    
wants to go home and take a nap    i'm way too sleepy for this work day   was up way too late 
does not like that feeling    cant wait for june!!
wow    not sure how that happens but again a weekend without children   what?
is so rocking out with guitar hero 5!!!!
had a great weekend!!
oh monday what to do with you and the curveballs you have already started to throw at me    im going to beat you at that game for sur_ 
really not enjoying the search for a new place   
apparently i wasnt meant to sleep tonight    finally got to sleep to wake up to my phone ringing    now i cant get back to sleep   crap 
"so, apparently only getting 2 1 2 hrs of sleep, no food, asthma, inhalers and trying to go for a couple mile jog doesn't exactly go too well together   my body is tired but wound up from my asthma meds all at the same time     think im gonna just sit here and try to relax for a <propfemale>   "
"had a yummy dinner    <propfemale> chicken, veggies, and rice with a little bit of soy   "
"had a beer then went for a jog    a little backwards but, hey it works   think bout going out tomorrow night for a bit   no idea what i am doing but any body want to join me?"
was without phone today    didnt like that much   glad to have it now!
having a hard time walking away from guitar hero     i am such a junky!  but gotta get outta here    till later gh!
wow     
is trying not to fall asleep at work     but im sooooo sleepy   will need a nap later fo sho
oh the boredom   
"kids and i are off to <propfemale> with v and k for a bit    then probably back home for family time, guitar hero, and me some wine     oh ya baby!!!"
"have to say its sad when sleeping in is 7 surprise 0 am     getting ready for a fun day    soccer game this morning, some yardsale-ing,hopefully some relaxation time and then out for the night!!!"
feels extremely blessed right now to have all the wonderful people in my life both old and new   
"oh monday, monday, monday     i really dont wish for this tuesday    can we just skip it please and thnx?"
is needing to relax a bit today     gonna have a drink tonight i think    maybe that will help 
is effing clumsier than shit     just stumbled (on nothing) and knocked over everything on my coffee table including my glass of wine     i am quite ridiculous today    
misses you   
is happy its friday!
yay done with work    no kiddos    sitting back relaxing enjoying a beer    mmmm
needs motivation to get some stuff packed   
oh my weakness tonight was ice cream     my tummy was happy with that!!!
filling out all my paperwork   cant say its fun but at least it will all be taken care of soon and hopefully for good!!
think it might be best if i change my phone number    
is sore   
hello friday    no kiddos tonight so packing the rest of my crap and will prob go out for a bit    
kiddos off to their desinated places tonight    now for a little packing and then who knows what   
just thinks too much some days    
"dear house, please put yourself together for me while i take a nap   kthnxbye "
wishing june 7th would get hear faster    especially right now   
"well, get to spend mothers day with one of my kids today   other one decided that he wanted to go hiking instead this morning   so happy to be a mommy\happy mothers day to all!!"
wishes she has a bbq because i really would love a bbq dinner tonight     yum yum   too bad i'm lame and dont have one!
had the most wonderful visit with my gma    she is such a wonderful soul   now off to clean then spagetti for dinner    yum 
at the dentist   
is enjoying her night!!!
"ggrrrr to tuesday morning coming and ruin my sleep    i was so comfy laying there   definitely ready for the weekend, already!!  hoping for a good day today "
tired of feeling this way    wish it would get better 
so    appparently there is 1 more week of soccer practice left    oh joy 
"finally home     went for a nice jog while the kids had practice, now gonna make a healthy dinner and try to put my new place together    then gonna sit down and relax with a glass of wine "
just stuffed my face with an awesome bbq thanks to wonder <propfemale>     now i extremely full   if i can muster the energy will have to go for an evening jog 
thinking she might have to out for a bit tonight   
going out for a bit tonight    anybody wanna join me?
going to go out and enjoy the wonderful weather     i have been mostly inside all day putting my place together    time for some outdoors 
just went for a wonderful jog with the kiddos     well my youngest jogged with me (what a trooper) and my oldest was on a scooter   gonna have to do this more often with them!
going for jog with the kid    think he wants to go more than i do    crazy business   alright here we go   
is irritated with her tv     need to get some cable so i don't have to deal with this stupid digital antenna    
"was supposed to take a nap but never made it    so gonna keep working on the house    watch a little bones and  maybe fringe, then,  if i can find something to do i may go out for a bit later    we will see "
started as allergies and is now a horrible cold    i feel like crap 
"dear cold    please go away   i do not want you anymore   you are just a pesky hindrance in my life and i am ready to feel better again    sincerely me\kthnxbye"
cant believe my baby is 7 today     how fast time passes and the wonderful joys of motherhood!
birthday gifts and birthday dinner are out of the way     now finding room for birthday desert    my tummy is too full of dinner i think so will just let the kiddos enjoy!!
"hello tuesday,  what wonders might you bring me today?"
wishes she could get outta dogde    just one night away would be great   
has some of the most wonderful people in her life   i am thankful for each and everyone 
only 2 more days     so ready for this weekend!!
had such a wonderful weekend    wish it didn't have to end    now gonna try and sleep for what may be a crazy day at work tomorrow   
   
is getting nervous    its getting so close so fast    almost want to back out but trying to hold strong to the nerves 
its actually gonna happen tomorrow     so happy yet ever so nervous 
"well, all went well!  i am home now and relaxing "
back to work tomorrow    but have to say i have the best guy ever for taking care of me after my procedure   now gonna get some sleep for the 2 days of work i have ahead then a wonderful weekend 
ready to be done with work already    well at least its friday and i have a great weekend planned!
"had a wonderful time at <propmale> petty last night!!!  great music, wonderful company, awesome new friends!!  couldn't ask for more!"
is finding herself extremely happy these days     it is so nice!!
is very hurty today    ready for it to be better   
is bored   
is ready to enjoy some foul language (although bleeped) and lots of yelling by mr <propmale> ramsey     hells kitchen here i come    awesome!!!!
wednesday doesn't look all that great when you only get 1 hr 15 <propfemale> of sleep    oh the joys of being an insomniac   
what comes next????
really missing you today   
awww how i missed my chaise    it is now home and i am lovin' it!!  sweet business!
wow what a suckfish day    gonna have a really hard next month or two    joy 
just chillin   
slightly annoyed   
such a great day today 
happy fathers day to all the wonderful fathers out there   hope you have a great day 
"sitting at home with out children, relaxing, reading a book    what a wonerfully lazy sunday   my dad is sicko today so dont get to go see him (sad panda face)   "
boring    what an irritating day of work   
wishing i was sleepy right now istead i'm wide awake   going to watch reruns of deadliest catch until i am sleepy    wish me luck 
apparently not   
yay for friday    this has been one crazy week   glad its pretty much over    hoping for a great weekend 
what a beautiful day   
sitting at the drs office for my kiddos appt and of course they are behind schedule    gotta love it   
what a crazy busy day    now gonna try and do some relaxing fi the evening!
shoot    not looking good   thats alright i will figure it all out   
doesn't get it   
apparently my foot is bleeding    pretty bad   weird    don't get it   
oh thursday how i wish you were friday already   
"can't wait!  ready 1,2,3 go    darn, didn't work   "
on the move   
enjoying happiness   
had such a great weekend    too bad it had to end 
mmmm     my moms homemade pizza and wine for dinner    deliciousness
that was the perfect time of night for a wonderful jog    feeling great!  ready for another same time tomorrow   
really???  fml    
is in serious need of a really strong drink     know what i am doing later   
random quiet time    wow    this is epic 
is emo today    really would like a pause or shut off button some days   
is truly enjoying life as it comes     ready for a nice relaxing sitting at the lake kinda day!
had a fairly sleepless night due to nightmares     wtf???
is overwhelmed by and irritated with herself   
enjoyed my wonderful weekend    not quite enjoying my monday    cant wait for my vacation 
bored   
waiting   
impressed with my newly used cooking skills    and im actually happy i have nothing to do after work today    gonna soak it up cause doesnt happen often   
stupid elbow   
feeling sick to my stomach    really can't wait till this horrible nightmare is over   hopefully by end of next week 
is not wanting to work any longer    ready to get off and go see a movie   
had a great weekend with some of the most wonderful people i know!!!  cant wait to do it again!
needs to remember to just breathe   
oh my nerves    hoping for strength   
oh anxiety creeping in the closer it gets    not fun   cant wait for it all to be over 
"is so extremely happy this nightmare is finally over and i totally won!!!  victory, oh such sweet victory!!  now to truly enjoy my life and all the wonderful people i have around me   thank you so much to everyone for all that you are "
hoping sleep comes soon    not looking promising though     how is it that one can be so extremely tired but still cant fall asleep   
did some yardsaling and <propmale> on the green in cda     what an amazing day with my mans family!! now getting ready for some more fun with some great friends!
vacation starts now   
"was really hoping to sleep in on my first morning of vacation, but, no got up after my man left for work this morning at 5:15    at least i can possibly take a nap later!!!"
love that i have a neighbor who can bang upstairs until unruly hours of the night but gets mad and stomps on the floor when i play my music in the middle of the day     poor neighbor it only makes me turn it up higher 
hopes for one day   
a bit nervous   
darn pac man game has me hooked
it's just a rock and a hard place   
apparently not   
hates work something fierce so far today   
its official   my body hates me and wants me to suffer horribly its making me feel postal    cant believe im saying this considering it friday but ready for monday at 345    hoping for some answers 
"yay movie night with my kiddos   how to train your dragon, shrek forever after    then when my man gets here later hot tub time machine   what a great way to spend my friday night!!"
oh monday    wish i was a little more prepared for you 
gonna make something nummy for dinner just not sure what yet   
"take my hand i give it to you now you own me, all i am, you said you would never leave me, i believe you, i believe"
oh so dizzy   
excited!  hopefully work will go by fast today   
wishing today would go faster    hoping for some answers later 
feels like death right now    just make it go away please 
who knew     rhubarb with a little sugar and a pinch of fresh <propmale> is really tasty!!
what a waste   
stupid   
that was so super hot!!
had a wonderful night with some of the best people i know!
has a huge case of the i dont care's today   could be an interesting day   
is done   
have to go get a new battery for my car today    just hope it starts so that i can 
"has had a wonderful day     cleaned house, went to the fair with my man and his fam, now out for a couple drinks   loving my life "
ummmmm   
"had a wonderful time last night with good friends, food and games!  now trying to make it through this extremely busy day of work   "
slightly frustrated with my internet right now    or at the least the site i am trying to get on but can't   guess will try tomorrow    now off to watch the weeds episode i missed on monday   oh yes!
just dont know really    cant seem to figure it all out yet   hope i have time   
"needy, needy, needy    oh so super needy   "
absolutely love the rain!
"oh the e playful erience the second time is even better   such a lovely desert of rhubarb, sprinkle of sugar, and some <propmale>   delicious!!"
"oh monday,  how i wish you would treat me good   "
seems to be running on a pretty short fuse today   
can't believe some people    really don't understand that logic   really think it's more lack there of   
excited!!!
"great primus concert!  couldnt have been better    great music, my man,  the kiddo,  friends and mosh pit   oh yes!"
"great day in seattle today!  slept in, the aquarium, boat tour of the harbor    now off to dinner with my man and later out with friends   thanks to <propfirst> for finding a sitter so we could "
had an amazing weekend in seattle!  sad to have to leave 
oh so hard to get up and moving the monday    now at work and hoping for a good fast week 
at g's cross country meet    oh what crazy fun 
has lots to say but nothing very nice so will refrain from saying anything    its for the best 
restless nights=not so happy me    just want a good night sleep 
"horrible night    broke my nice tv, huge spider found in my doorway that made me panic and cry,  much  etter \after a beer   "
not dealing well    ready to find a hole to hide in for a bit 
thank goodness for warantees    at least the tech coming to look at my tv just to tell me if they can fix it will be free    however the actual repair probably not   
ready to see what tuesday has to offer    hope for something good 
need something that i dont feel i am getting   
i like it on the kitchen table and sometimes the chaise 
boredom has set in   
reevaluating   
just sitting here waiting on the chiropractor for a while now    boring 
has ninja's in her house    awesome!
doesn't really know what the point is anymore   
finally of  work and sooo ready for my weekend   
one step forward four steps back?
my boyfriend is in rare form this morning    quite amusing!
sleep eluded me well last night   so sleepy    this is going to be a long week and a half    sucks 
maybe a little better but still don't like it    sad panda face   hoping these next couple days go by quick   
blah   
oh eff sleep    and eff the freaky noises in my house in the middle of the night     you both suck 
"so far, doing well for only getting 2 1 2 or 3 hrs of really broken sleep    it was more like i got a couple naps in     still feeling like its gonna be a good day!"
"yummy dinner     grilled tofu, tomato, chicken quesadilla!  nom nom nom    have to say my new fav is grilled lemon pepper tofu with grilled tomatos   sooo tasty!!"
ummm     no thank you  i do not want to do that again so have a nice day   
oh so excited for saw 3d    it is going to be awesome!!!
oh come on greenbay    better hold on to that lead 
"yes, that was an awesome ending to that game!! nice job to the packers!"
so ready for the weekend    hopefully we will get in the saw marathon    sleeping in with my <propfemale>    oh yes please 
i'm over it    relaxing at home in a quiet kids free house!  so nice too bad its not for long 
"get to sleep in with my man in the morning!  so excited,  i love the weekends!"
its just one of those days    not great at all 
romantic     haha what is that?!
is in dislike of the verizon network and my phone right now    grrrr 
blah    thats about all it is   
got my hair done and i love it!!!
hells kitchen is new tonight    soooo excited for some <propmale> ramsey!  oh how i have missed him for 2 weeks 
oh my people are such morons    really    i am so happy for the wonderful people i have in my life 
"oh washington, how much i do not like you right now   "
oh what a great night for insomnia    at least i had the wonderful rain and wind pounding at my window to help with that   
"frustrated    have anxiety, oh what a great day    just want to crawl back into bed "
haha  laughs in your face!
"wow    bullying in school is getting really bad   so, the question is, how do i truly get upset with my child for standing up for himself (although not exactly appropriately) when the teachers do nothing?"
missin by besties something fierce  
family movie night   watching some <propmale> potter and just relaxing   now let's see how long i can stay awake!
the events of my life never cease to amaze me   so happy!
watching football with my man and sad to say i am actually starting to like it    yikes
"wow      yup, wow    thats all "
cant decide which is worse    the people who think its still summer and drive real fast trying to run you off the road    or the people who drive 10 mph in a 40 like the jackass that was in front ofme    glad to be parked for a bit waiting for my kiddos 
ready for my 4 day weekend to start    only 2 more hours    only?
practically nothing all  day   
"happy  thanksgiving to all!!  i am thankful to have such wonerful friends and family surrounding me every day   i appreciate you all very much   \now gonna go enjoy a mimosa!!"
standing in line for toys r us    i think we might be insane    holy cow 
finally done at toys rus    finally    that was ridiculous   going home to sleep for about 2 hrs and then go back at it   fun!
having such a great 4 day weekend   had an awesome thanksgiving and shopped my energy out for black friday   oh such an amazing time!!
oh tuesday    hope you are good to me as i seemed to have woken up in not the best of moods and feeling quite crappy   
seattle bound tomorrow!  yay!
having a great time in seattle!!  love you <propmale>!!
sick kiddos    not so fun   hoping not to get it   oh such bad timing   
almost there   
i have some of the most amazing people in my life   thank you all so much for everything thing you do    can't ask for anything more really   
ouchy   
has the best man ever!  took such great care of me this week 
<propfemale> christmas to all my family and friends   i am so thankful for each and everyone of you   have a wonderful day 
blah    
lets go packers!!
long sleepless night    hope my day goes ok 
"so, just watched last night jersey shore (yes i found myself addicted after last season) and seriously, sammi needs to seek counseling or something   however, i do enjoy the massive ball of crazy they all are "
gonna play wii super <propfirst> bros   oh yes    totally rocking my friday night!!
"if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without    copy and paste this to your status    i have 2 amazing brothers like this!"
lets go packers!!
excited for my chicken penne pasta casserole i am making the fan for dinner   branching out on my cooking thanks to the wonderful cookbook my gma got me!  a little domestic for me    kinda weird 
insomnia is back    at least i got about a month free of it    oh today will be a sleepy day 
"so, got an allergy test today for g   will find out the results next week in the mean time we have to eliminate dairy from his diet   he is not happy    and get to make a specialist appt for him    oh poor kid "
retail therapy works wonders   now just gotta get rid of the headache 
lets go packers!
way to go packers!!
had an amazing time with some of the best people i know   dinner and games and fun!! thank you for a wonderful evening!!
"crazy, busy monday    please treat me well  please and thank you "
"dear insomnia,  please go away and allow sleep to come   i am tired   "
watching wipeout   this is hilarious!
having a grrrr day    oh hurty 
"dinner at herbal essence, then rain for a drink and their delicious cheese cake   gonna be a wonderful night with my man!"
"oh, my body hates me    it's going to be one of those days "
aye    what a day   
is fed up with it   
it's extremely happy    and it's red!
yay!  new gianormous tv to watch the packers kick some steeler butts!!!  so excited!!
"oh ya, thats what i am talkin about!"
crazy allergic reaction goin on    not really liking this   
"blah, blah blah, blah, blah    "
so excited for my relaxing weekend with my family   dinner and movies tonight   yay!
today is definitely not my day   
feelin icky today   
vertigo sucks    still not gone and cant move or i almost pass out    not good times 
boring   
"looking for houses    making my head hurt!  has been a wonderful relaxing, dizzy, weekend so far   i have enjoyed the down time with my man!"
"oh, the joys of house hunting    hoping something good comes along and quick   my head hurts from all the looking i have done so far!  now bed and cuddle time with my man!"
"dear insomnia,  i understand i had gotten a good amount of sleep this last weekend but i was sick   would you please be so kind as to release your grip tonight   sincerely sleep deprived    kthnxbye"
wish for it one day   
going out for a couple drinks   rain first then the broadway!  yay for some good times tonight!
so excited!!
is addicted to moonlight mahjong and feeling some serious sinus pressure with a sore throat   hope i am not getting sick    it would not be fun 
feels like serious yuck today   definitely sick   
gonna take a nap   hopefully i will better after   i really don't like being sick   sad 
i really dislike this cold   
today we say a sad goodbye to our wonderful and much love reptile friend <propmale>   he was loved and will be missed much 
woohoo!  my voice has returned    mostly!
my son is 11 years old today   so very proud of him   happy birthday to my wonderful son!
"moving, moving, moving, lunch, mov     halt    defect now in our plan   crap "
missing my internet    got the phone but it just isnt the same    soon hopefully 
yay!! we now have internet access at our new house!  so happy 
thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes   had an amazing day   i appreciate you all 
"not good, not good at all    might very well e playful lode "
at home before 9pm    so happy   gonna spend good time with my family tonight!
not exactly the evening i was hoping for    well off to bed to cuddle with my man   thankful tomorrow is friday 
at home   its friday    so ready to just chill this weekend with my man   oh yes!
had a an amazing migrating with some truly amazing friends 
had an amazing night with some truly amazing friends 
