938282e719784adcd0560b3a4f27d7be
is upset with oregon's loss in the <propfemale> bowl
"is tired, and feelin kinda lonely"
"is excited for his birthday on monday, but kinda wants to take an extremely early morning drive right now too   "
"heard that those redboxes are gonna have wii titles! yay! also, he is gonna upload new pics   "
took a cat nap and is ready to go do   something   
"is gonna crash, if you absolutely need to talk to him between now and tomorrow morning, go cry about it to someone other than him   or call him if you have free cookies   "
got his new licence   its kinda lame looking   
wished he was relaxin on a beach at cabo san <propmale> after he ate dinner at that mexican resturant!
"had a great weekend, and a lovely labor day cookout  his storybook weekend, must close, so that non-fiction may rule his life once again and restore balance and order to the world "
is more tired than you can imagine! good night!
just saved a bunch of money by not switching to geico   too bad pay day is  like 3 days away   
"watched kanye make a fool out of himself at the vmas! yes, beyonce's video was better, but it wasn't his choice or place to embaress <propfirst> swift live in front of millions of people!"
is thinking about breakfast already   
has that empty feeling inside   
seems to be the only person in the world without anybody to love tonight    *sigh*
knows that the devil is a liar!
knows what he must do   arnold palmers anyone?
"is just chillin, anyone wanna talk to him??"
kissed a girl for the first time tonight   
is suave and in love
didnt go to the concert  sad 
just cant believe how cheap and poorly constructed cellphones are   
"doesnt like payday, because the money never touches his hand for more than a day or two   "
is getting ready for bed!
"doesnt have a beneficiary for his ira   oh well, on to the <propfemale> classic!"
bought his first lotto ticket!!! too bad he lost   
"knows that its gonna be hard sometimes, but life's only for a second so why sweat it? oh, because it hurts   duh   "
is so ready for something good to happen right about now!
is looking for a reasonably priced vacation spot along the coast!
needs to find a house and some tuition money!!!
"is sittin at home on date night   time to turn on the xbox, play some fallout 3, then flash the drive!!!"
really wants some chinese food!!!!!!
is glad that the flu has passed from him!
can't wait for a <propmale> to take a sunday strole in the south   in four days   
is taking it easy this weekend  anybody wanna text?
ate too much pizza   
"had a long day, spoke at an e playful o, had meetings all after that, p&w practice, co-writting a cookbook, proofing the cookbook, printing the cookbook, organizing the pages, binding the book, and finally eating chinese food, ready to hit the sack!"
is sad that they arrested the hot sauce packet at the new taco <propfemale>   
had quite the vacation! it was too bad that he didnt have cellphone reception   or a laptop to post thousands of updates and feeds on the internet!
wishes he had taken his camera out while he was on vacation!
just got back from a revival  nothing like a little bit of word to calm the soul 
just got back in from the wedding   and doesnt really want to take off the tux   
just realized that he looks a lot like kool moe <propfirst>   a lot like kool moe <propfirst>   
is filling out scholarship applications!
is now officially a titan! hooray for finally getting into school! and hooray for in-state tuition status!
"is ok with the snow, as long as there's food in the fridge and electricity in the xbox   "
"had a truely <propfemale> christmas  lots of good food, family, friends, and good gifts  the best gift being the gift of life, love, and everlasting joy"
can't wait for the new year!
woot!! ringing in the new year at ihop!!!! 2011 bring on the challenge and bring on rewards!!
everyone in my church is trying to get on facebook from their phones!! lol
"oh lord,\oh lord,\oh lord i gotta go   \back there,\back there,\back there, i gotta go   "
loves his new android!!!!!
had to re-register for classes   not good  sad 
just got back from the dentist   
is buying textbooks   thank you amazon com!
wants some taco bell   or kyoto e playful ress   he just wants some food   
is trying to find a good laptop for college   and video games  playful 
is kinda nervous about school on monday   
is in love with all you can eat pancakes at ihop!!!! yumm!!!  playful 
has his first day of school tomorrow   any words of encouragement?
is waiting for cis 110 to start   
"said \wow   $80 for a code to log onto a class online   \"""""
is on a 5min class break
"had a great day overall! school, work, and the basics   couldnt get much better than that!"
survived school by the way! lol
almost got new glasses today! soon though   
is in a love hate relationship with amazon com
"hates it when you plan to take a quick little power nap before class, but then everything in the world comes to mind and prevents said nap   "
lost his train of thought   
is picking up his new glasses today!!  laugh 
hates how difficult facebook is being tonight!
"was looking at the snow earlier, and is now getting ready to look at the back of his eyelids   "
doesnt think he has this doppelgänger everyone is talking about    three cheers for individuality!!!
is glad that <propfirst>'s day is over!
"is the c-a-s-a, the n-o-v-a, and the rest is f-l-y!"
likes the new microsoft office 2010 beta
thinks tax time is one of the most confusing times ever!
is trying to study for mid-term tests for tomorrow!
"wants to be a billionare, so freaking bad   "
"wants to say happy mothers day to any and all mothers, future mothers, grandmothers, great grandmothers, and any other kind of mother on facebook! yall are great and we love and appreciate you all, but my mom <propfemale> phelps mcgirt is the best!!!  smile "
has a fine looking car!!!!!
has saved the world until next month   
"ran a 5k this morning for the guilford heart and stroke walk 2010! well, it was part run part walk lol"
"there is a national moment of prayer (or silence) at 3pm on this memorial day to honor our soldiers, past and present, at home and abroad, alive and killed in the line of duty  please thank a soldier for their selfless service and sacrifice that was made for you "
should be called mcgrill     laugh 
is restringing that bass   its been too long since it was done last
got home-made jam in the mail today! yummm! thanks gram!
"hahaha i wanna be able to move like this when i get older!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=phzammdvdqg&feature=player_embedded"
has not posted a new picture in a while    will be changing that soon
"knows that when it rains, it poors  but god \job 23:10"
bored and home alone on a saturday night   what should i do? hmmm   
"has to save the world again this weekend?  surprise \\didn't i just do that last month?\"""""
"left a note on the wall   it reads annoyed \out saving the world", be back monday  leave a message on my cell and i'll get back to you soon  sorry  \938282e719784adcd0560b3a4f27d7be,has saved the world yet again until next month   now where is the icy hot?
"wants to know who would put a facebook fanpage on facebook? oh, facebook did it? can you say vain? last time i checked, if you post on here, you like facebook do you not?  annoyed "
"is proud that he can sew a button on a shirt, and fix a rip too  but will they stay fixed for long   ?"
would like some bandwidth from twc  and a cookie would be nice too  smile 
"knew it should have been him, but also knew and knows that god blocked it"
got a car finally  '92 accord
"has installed the car stereo  and will reinstall the center console  tomorrow lol\btw, the count down has begun! 16 days!!  surprise "
"leaves for meps in 2 weeks, then reports for duty that next day  hooah!"
"saw on the news last night where two bands from oregon had their vans crash    way to go pacific northwest, you make news acrossed the nation for being stupid   "
"has posted pics of the new ride in the \recent pics\"" album  go take a look!"""
has single digits left   9 days until i start my orders
hates cricket mobile with a pssion
also hates their phones with a passion!
"is back from the beach by the way  been at tybee island for the weekend, had a great time and will post pictures sometime  smile "
has eight days left   time flies too fast   
"l is for loyalty\d is for duty\r is for respect\s is for selfless service\h is for honor\i is for integrity\p is for personal courage\\the army values"
found out that he will probably be taking a plane to ft  jackson   first class hopefully? lol
"put a note on his wall saying annoyed  \' dear world  i am going to be saving you this weekend  this will be the last time that i will save you for six whole months or more  do not be upset though, there are many other heros who will take over while i am gone  when i come back, i will be an american soldier  \\yours truely,\\-<propmale> '"
has 70 5 hours left  nerves are freaking out  can't sleep  ugh  
"has 48 hours left   last call for addresses, or anything important that you want to say!"
   23 5 hours until meps! then 45 5 until <propmale>!
"official update annoyed 12 75 hours until i board the shuttle bus that will take me to meps  thanks everyone for all of your support! here i go, and i'll see you on the other side!"
"left a note on his wall that said,\\\dear everybody",\938282e719784adcd0560b3a4f27d7be,"is soooooo glad that he survived basic combat training with very little trouble! ait is a totally different beast, but after doing what all he has done, there should be nothing that he cant do! (pictures and more information to follow in the next few weeks)"
"wants to wish everybody a safe evening! i don't get to go out tonight  bed checks are in 2 hours  i still need to get stuff from the px, maybe they'll let us go tomorrow  e-co  2 39 is sticking together! 2nd and 4th platoons united!"
might get fast tracked on his training! janurary 11th is the possible graduation date! yay!
fireguard   at 12 smile 0? ughhh
sleep! for like 3 more hours   thats the army life for me! going to the range maybe tomorrow morning  yay!
has finished week one of ait  too easy  17 weeks left  still too easy  runing up and down a 1 4 mile hill with an incline of over 60% with gorilla drills thrown in going up the hill  i'll get back with you tomorrow and tell you if it was too easy or not! lol
has an eight hour breifing tomorrow         surviving this was not covered in basic training   
wants to thank all those who have gone before him to serve the people of the united states of <propfemale>  i am proud to know that i am numbered among the few who were are willing to give everything possible to protect the things that are they hold near and dear to them  thank you veterans and fellow current armed service members!
loves wearing his asus (dress uniform) and gets to wear them again on saturday! yay! morale event on saturday at some church  love going on these details and representing <propfemale> company and the 369! hooah!
"is talking to his homie battle buddie on messenger, who happens to be like 3 bunks away! wow     playful "
didnt have a good evening  at all   but tomorrow will be better right?
"j'ai ton amour et je veux ton revenge  ,\\   sorta"
"ughh, yet another detail! \masking of the flag \"" what is it? no idea  fun       not!"""
is tired! ugh  too much getting up at 4 surprise 0 just to stand around for 2 hours and do nothing!
has a three day work week! woot!
"wants to wish all the people he knows a happy thanksgiving! spend time with your families, and be thankful for all that you have, especially the young people  there may come a day, when you're away from it all, and you have to just pray to god that you'll see them again soon just as you left them! i'm thankful for all my friends and family, and for all the freedoms that i have been given "
"likes mj, but isnt it kind of odd that he has a new cd coming out with new tracks, featuring duets with artists like akon <propmale> kravitz, and 50 cent?"
only got three hours of sleep  thanks drunken battle buddies who come back to the  bay at 11pm while the mps are roaming  guess that's the life of a pg bay boss   
"cant wait to go home! 17 days! technically the day is over, so its 16 days! yes!!!"
"ait tip #1 annoyed sleep when and where you can, even if its in a clothes hamper in a closet \\ait tip #2 annoyed get a battle <propmale> who will remember to wake you up for chow \\ait tip #3 annoyed buy extra everything \\ait tip #4 annoyed sound off and everything will be alright"
"\we're commo guys   basically we're a bunch of geeks with guns   really cool geeks with guns   \""\",938282e719784adcd0560b3a4f27d7be,"\its just one of those days in the land of ait\"""""
watched it snow for a little bit today! wow!
packing!!! won't be online much until i get home! it's so close! holiday block leave!!!!! yay! excited!
has gotten no sleep in the last 24 hours! ugh! can't wait to get home! too much drama here!
"will be getting on that bus in 27 hours    or so he thinks    either way, home awaits!"
got an early christmas gift! earlier bus! 0730! hooah!
"is home at last   8 hours ago  now, some well deserved sleep for this tired soldier"
wow   it's hard not being a soldier! i almost bought an mre for lunch while getting new dogtags made at the army-navy store   plus i saw a ssg at the mall and went to parade rest    wow   
has finished making cookies with his little sisters! time for a break!
"wants to wish all his brothers and sisters in arms over at camp phoenix and <propfemale>ry other inch of afghanistan, iraq, and <propfemale>rywhere else! may god bless you and your family with safety and peace on this joyful <propfemale> and joyful day and joyful time of year!"
"by the way, all i wanted for christmas was a ranger tab   \\(inside joke)"
"is planning on going for an airborne shuffle tomorrow, who else is game for a zero dark thirty pt session? where's csm white when you need him?"
is watching lifetime with his mom   who wants to do something????? please? lol
thinks everybody he knows is asleep!
wants to be like will smith in independence day   minus the whole <propfemale> thing 
"heads up to the dawg pound, if you bought the signal school patch (15th signal brigade) we were overcharged    $3 online at annoyed \http annoyed  www eaglesofwar com c-3241-u-s-army-signal-school aspx"
"was doing laundry at the laundromat, and had a conversation that melted his heart: \\young boy: \are you in the army?\""\",938282e719784adcd0560b3a4f27d7be,"ok, 16 and pregnant season finale  they ask a girl what kind of b c she's using now  she said iud, but the host said ied    soldiers beware!  surprise "
is going for a run
is conducting aar    never run with your keys in the velcro pocket on your pt shorts! attach them to your tags!
is cold!!!!!
is out of the cold! thanks mom!!!
"knows that the took <propmale> of the clock us painful, all same and logical  he wants to year it off the wall  goin back in 9 hours and 34 minutes   hooah?"
just got on the bus  here we go!
said \without me," its just aweso\""\"938282e719784adcd0560b3a4f27d7be,im on a bus   thats broken   smh   
"is sitting to the coolest person on ft  <propmale>, mz  <propfemale> <propmale>, on the bus at ft  <propmale>    saw e2 39 today, almost cried"
omg!!!! a bus with wi-fi!!!! high speed!!!!
is watching top gun with truly! battles all the way! hooah!
is chillin in the bay with his homeboi truly
"\combatives! go!\"""""
"snow, mps, sore muscles, big fluffy pillows and awesome chinese food   ait at ft gordon, ga"
is in an army that has snow days    thats army strong   
