d3e11a8ee5eaa15c68aa7060590627ae
the best thing about me   is you!!  love 
i wish i had mad asian fighting skills   or sweet dance moves 
i got a new puppy!  smile 
girls camp    today! whoot i feel too old to go but it's basically going to be awesome
is so black it's ridiculous    why must i tan so easy?!
<propmale> potter tonight!!!! eeeeeekkk i'm so excited it's insane!
bearlake this weekend with my singles <propmale>! whoot whoot!
lake of the bears this weekend with <propfemale>! and hot single men! whoot! whoot!!
man life is full of interesting things isn't it?!
"i'm a <propmale> disturbed  some old man told me i was a \stinkin cute little thing\"" when i came outta the gym      awkward!!!"""
had a freakin awesome wednesday night! eeeeeeeeee happy day
someone make sweet sweet text wit me  i'm bored! ha
holy crap this summer has gone by way way way too fast eeek i'm going to have to go to college! scary thought  exciting but still scary!
i definately need to live it up this week  sad  next week i have to start school! ahhh the horror!!!!!
holy crap college is going to be awesome! there are so many ridiculously good looking males i'm blissfully happy!  smile 
i absolutely hate drama    why is it even existant!??!
my life is chaos! i don't even know what's going on anymore 
had a flippin awesome weekend!! wow life is good!
wow my job is awesome!!  smile 
ah great night!
grey's anatomy totally made me cry haha i'm a sissy!
i hate the rain    but love it at the same time   it's so pretty! but getting wet sucks    and frizzy hair is no fun but it's so pretty!!!!
ahhh i just broke my phone!  sad  the screen is all black and i can't make text with anyone!! sad sad day!!
i got texting back!! yay for old phones
halloween is tomorrow! eek   
i wish little kids didn't have such cool costumes on halloween    why did adults get jipped? all i wanted to be was a lemur   
"i love emoticons      <(\) totally a penguin   """
i just made some bomb curry    ya'll should be jealous of my asian-ness
ha who wah he ha ho ho ho ha who wah he ha <propmale> <propmale>p a doo    
dishonor! dishonor on you! dishonor on ur cow!!
man i love being asian    the food is so delicious     nom nom nom
hmmm homemade bread sounds delicious      sadly no one bakes things for me     sad 
<propfemale> i've decided panda e playful ress is bomb diggity  it's like <propfemale>      from heaven  not to mention the cute little pandas make the e playful erience so much more enjoyable!  smile 
new <propfemale> tonight i'm so stoked!!!
new <propfemale> was awesome but <propfirst> was kinda nasty in it! <propmale> was sooooo much hotter   
what sounds do koalas make?
i wish humans had tails    and weird ears    like on the avatar movie    so then i could hiss at ppl   
tenderness!!!
so great way to bring in the new year! i hit a deer with my car  pretty much is way damaged i'm not sure if my car will make it      sad 
ugh school tomorrow   not lookin forward to it   
i pushed a gay machine's buttons    it's all messed up now    sad 
chakras! chakras! everybody loves chakras!!! chakras! chakras! banana onion juice is good!!
don't worry  being eaten by a crocodile is just like going                      to sleep  in a giant blender  
"so this is terrible but it makes me laugh   what you call dog with no legs? don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come "
"duct tape is like the force  it has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together "
"last night i lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and i thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling!??!"
you're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter!!!
cheese… milk's leap toward immortality!!
me thinks my tailbone is badly bruised  
my boss is freakin awesome     totally just had a crazy cool realization  lil asian is happy!
wiii remotes are letal to your lip  i currently have a fat lip     sigh
"it's doppleganger week! during this week, change your profile to someone famous (actor musician athlete) you have been told you look like!! i am <propmale> <propfirst> "
what do you do when you see an endangered animal that is eating an endangered plant?
"urbandictionary of my name's def: medium height, brown hair, brown eyes, nice, giggly person, eyesight usually bad, can be absolutely crazy, very attractable mainly to men, likes to dress up, wierd dancer, good girl     they got my height wrong  "
sooo     this one time    
trisha: uh can i get fry sauce with that    alyssa: get some arby's sauce!(yelled desperate tone)      trisha: we're at artic circle!
boarding friday!! sooooo stokeed!
i want a wolf shirt    or maybe a <propmale> cobra    so my asian-ness can be obsolete!
my friend had dreamt a dream     that he lived in a tree with <propfemale> rowlan   like the girls on without a paddle   ha!
little asian is happy!  laugh 
sooo stoked for the last airbender!! july needs to be here like now
ten more daysss! eeeek!  laugh 
ahhhhhhhgggghhhhh the frustration!!!
lookin forward to a good weekend    this week sucked this weekend better be good!
thanks all who wished me a happy birthday!  laugh 
so i get on facebook and three different people pop up in chat calling me asian    coincidence?? i think not   tripped me out    tripped me out
needs a new hobby    any ideas? like barrack obama said    it's time for a change  
craaazy dream!! but i totally loved it 
boarding today was legit! slush is pretty much fun!
fml
"<propfirst> einstein:         all religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree  all these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man's life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards freedom "
bleh 
i need someone to practice slap wars with   i have lost my asian that i normally practice with   
festival of colors with <propfemale> rowlan and <propfemale> workman    pretty much amazing!
p90x starting tomorrow   kinda nervous but stoked for the results!
stoked for clash of the titans  
what the flagnog!
hmmm yoga x and tanning   soooo happy!
ahhhhhh  laugh  great friday night!
soooo today i got hit on by a handicapped man  ha i'm not exactly sure what to think   he asked me if i was married   
omg sooo happy both astronomy labs are done!! uhhh son! feels great!
sooo i've decided i become a fan of waaaaay too many things   
finals    i hate you
"i'm asian, and human  stop asking me math questions   "
whooooooot weekend is here   muchly needed 
sooo i helped <propfemale> move out today    i shouldn't have i'm going to be sooo lonely!  sad 
totally craving zeppe's      who wants to go!?!?
i need a yob!!
i have a yob!!!  laugh  with keddie!! yay!  laugh 
30 seconds to mars concert saturday! whoot! i'm excited! it's going to be amazing!
3rd day at my new job! it's pretty fun! i just need to start getting to bed earlier    ugh sooo tired 
i hate going to see chick flicks cuz then after    all you want is a super cute sweet boy like the one in the movie! those boys just never seem to float my way! sad day!
tiesto's cd kaleidoscope = new obcession    it's amazing!
"bahaha when you think your good at something, there's always an asian doing it better   lol totally made my day!"
"dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever   ~author unknown  i miss you daddy! even though your not here with me on earth, your guiding hand will be with me forever  happy father's day everyone!"
eclipse tonight! whoot  girls night muchly needed  laugh  sooo excited to drool over <propmale>  
just got back from an awesome canoe camping fishing extravaganza    so fun!
i had a pretty awesome day! gotta love em   laugh 
i just watched the saddest show ever    the boy in the striped pajamas   i'm pretty much crying right now   it's a really good one   but terribly depressing
i think i'm dying   please appendix do not rupture!
i hit a dumpster today with my car    heh i should be a blonde
funny how unimportant you can feel at times   heh
i wish random people poked me on facebook   
today sucked  but thankfully i have good friends to help make things better   smile 
"well i must say that <propfemale> is my bff  she let's me sleep in her home, she makes me tasty potstickers and we yell obscenities together  oh and i like ponies "
awesome night! ha real soccer game and dinner date   pretty much legit!
some people say that rappers do not have feelings    they have feelings   some say rappers are invincible     they are vincible   name that song!
blah! why is school so e playful ensive      doesn't <propfemale> want educated people?!
gag     school tomorrow       for some reason this year    not excited at all  hopefully my professors are bomb  and there is many attractive males in my classes 
i know karate   i know jujutsu    i drive like a gangsta when i'm coming to see you    
ugh    homework sucks    
tonight ha was very entertaining    my friends are awesome     laugh 
so i think i'm a brown girl    that can't dance   how depressing
ha i chopped my hair   
it's so weird checking facebook from my phone   
greys anatomy i have missed you so! five <propfemale>!! yay!!!
you guys have no idea how stoked i am for <propmale> potter 7    
keddie is the coolest and best friend that i could ever ask for! hehe she is so pretty and so smart  man i wish i was like her!!!
totally made some bomb salsa    first time making it turned out amazing  i love the fall!
totally have <propmale> potter tickets to the midnight showing!!  laugh  soooooo stoked    what char should i dress up as??
soooo stoked for my halloween costume   
omg next year    for halloween   i'm going to be yoshi   
thursday night!!! eeeeeeeeeeek!
yoshimoto    i totally wish this was my nickname   
fuzzy <propmale> potter otter! tonight!! ahhhh i'm so excited i might throw up     laugh 
i  love  the snow!! hopefully it sticks this time   
"that \blizzard\"" sucked i was e playful ecting much much more snow"""
happy turkey day of thanks!  laugh 
black friday sales     totally pulled an all nighter    not cool    but i got some sweeeeet stuff 
nasa is releasing news today at 12!!! eeek    i hope it's a baby alien   
does anyone else get creeped out when high school male teachers like stalk the little female students?? after they already graduated?
totally went snowboarding for the first time this season yesterday    oh how i've missed it so!
oh man so i took my last final     totally got a 97% in human biology! whoot whoot!  laugh 
i decided i hate ordering stuff online    it takes forever to get here  sad 
i would like you all to know it's my best friends birthday! yay! keddie is 20!
awe    i just had an awesome night  laugh 
i hate police officers with a burning passion
merrry christmas!!! eeeeek!
my next semester is so going to kick my butt      sad 
 laugh 
car shopping sucks!!
ah! i think i found my car!!! yay!
boom purchased a car haha yay for civic hatchbacks!
i have one amazing boyfriend!  laugh 
hitting up pow mow! totally stoked!! ahhhh!
thank you everyone for the happy birthdays!!  laugh 
sigh     
sometimes i wish i was a buff asian man 
