861ae8020782beaa25c9f7524c14314c
need to wake up later   - -;
taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaz   laugh  soon          
is tired  i'll post in the morning   i promise  ;0;
okay   pics refuse to upload  - -; i'll post a link  
i tired  
hm 
"i love you, man  totally worth the $1 that was spent to rent it "
hoooooooooooooooooooooot  d;
i saw my 9th grade health teacher at the dog park       
tiiiired  
i seriously need to get out of the house more often   surprise 
happy birthday kuya!!  laugh 
i tired   good night world~  smile 
"biiiig pizza, 3 kinds of orange soda, video games, and familyyyy  good times~"
where is that pineapple?  surprise 
"epic night, 'nough said   playful "
    update         bye 
it's like my life at home    but in a hotel room  harhar  
my laptop's battery broke    sad 
thanks all~  smile 
busy packing   awesome  aahhh so much to do   it's annoying  x_x
"no phone or net yet guys   sad  almost though   laugh  we'll keep in touch uhh   better, once we have everything squared away   smile "
14 freakin' mosquito bites                
my pup's lonely   sad  someone play with him     
"blow dryers are very magical  indeed, indeed "
no pets allowed = worst rule ever
beach trip! for like   2 weeks  i forgot to buy my bug spray      
"beach trip   i've stopped counting how many bites i have  t'was awesome though, but it'll be nice to wind down back home   on my bed, with a c and a lower <propmale> of power outages and no running water       "
sleeeeeeeeep     
still sleeeeeepyyyyyy    
school in 2 days   uniform in 2 weeks  nooooooooooooo   lol
first day of school! t'was alright~ extended weekend! no school for 4 days   hehe  win! i need to call people       
do  want  coldstone 
i wanna be able to text everyone with my bb  >[
"someone needs to invent personal, portable air conditioners  something you can put in your bag and take out when it gets too hot  fans  just  don't  cut  it "
yayy one day break       
missing everybody  i'll be more free during break~  smile 
school's done on saturday  finally  o_____o
gonna call people  seriously  answer your phones  ;p
i wanna hug mah doggie  :<
i feel like an annoying solicitor when people can't hear me over the phone and i spam their phones  ;0;
i have my wii! the games are still getting shipped over though     sigh 
i needa talk to some people about some things        
noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thunderstorms are strangely calming~
best  spaghetti  ever  thanks tita mimi~  laugh 
"somehow, looking at how everyone's changed made me think about my early high school days   "
stagnancy blows 
thanks to my dog i seem to be running out of socks  
booo  caught a cold  
cousins in manila went to subic  why am i not there!? - -;
breathing is important  yep 
i wanna wear pants to school  :<
your face 
eggs  ggse  gseg  segg  esgg  sgeg  i'm trying to say   ?
scrambled eggs people  come on 
forgotten? o:
c'mon internet  agree with me for once  
there's just something about   
fam-bam went to oregon  safe trip guys~ take pictures and photoshop my head into them or something so i don't feel so   not a part of it   laugh 
so how was oregon dudes?
bored  maybe i should change that profile picture  
just about two weeks to go    
thank you sarah~  laugh 
someone talk anime with me dangit  :<
typos are the bane of my existence  existance  how the heck is it spelled? - -;
i have   a marshmallow fist                     
i'm bored  who's with me!?
i miss breakfast at ihop with the usual people    
when squid take over the world  
needs to sleep 'cause she has school again  
can squid really glow in the dark? someone please say yes so i can go off and get myself an awesome glow-in-the-dark pet someday   maybe 
just one of those days    indecision 
"oh, i found the usb for my camera  huzzah! oh magic 8 ball, should i post up a picture with my face on it?    please say no, please say no   surprise "
"google translate: <propmale> -> <propmale> \pv zk bschk pv zk pv bschk zk pv zk bschk pv zk pv bschk zk bschk pv bschk bschk pv kkkkkkkkkk bschk\"" (sans the quotes); click \""listen\"" """
"no, i don't have fb bookmarked  :b"
"shoot, it's almost christmas isn't it?"
porkchop!  laugh 
cow   cow   cow   cow and chicken!? o:
exactly how long is 'a long time'?  surprise 
i miss you guys   surprise 
break!  laugh 
c'mon internet! work so i can call people   surprise 
my beginner's luck is wearing off  :<
it's currently 5 smile 0am and i don't know what to do   it's not fun when no one answers calls from strange <propfirst>    
   good night!  laugh 
"define \close\""  """
   the game! > laugh 
my mom's here!  laugh  she says thanks to everyone for helping her out all the time  she's sleeping now   smile 
"mm, chocolate covered raisins "
"yeah, i still rock at gh  8]"
"let's jump ahead oh   say, 25 days?  laugh "
"\you are the crispy noodle in the vegetarian salad of life \""      surprise ?"""
on the brink of the new year   duuuuuuuude       
happy new year   smile  i started off the new year listening to dango daikazoku   greeeaaat song  i wanna learn how to play it   
i think this year's a good year for change   smile  so is every other year   but eh  lol
"it's nice to know what direction you're going in, both in life and when you're trying to get somewhere and you're already running late  :b but especially that first one  yeah     "
"one day, i was walking down the street when   "
can't seem to get into the proper head-space    :<
"what's the longest word that you know? o: and don't go looking up something you don't actually know, 'cause that's just not cool  :<"
what would you do if you accidentally burned off one eyebrow and half of the other one?
i don't know what to write  :b
okay   yogurt   smile 
"i   don't like this new profile majiggy  d: bring me back the original! :< oh, and thanks for the greetings   smile "
"thanks all~ i'd tag all of you, but i'm too lazy   playful  tomorrow's gonna be bittersweet, though more bitter than sweet  :<"
"it's fun, 'cause with the time difference it feels like it lasts for two days   laugh "
day 2: end   laugh  thanks again all you peoples~
you know what!?
research reports are such a pain in the   :<
kwms is the only manga that's gotten me to actually squee like some lunatic fangirl   :b
"okay, seriously  this being in the future thing kind of sucks  i just missed two birthdays by several hours  - -;"
tdi  o:
i need my sims 3 registration code!!! tt__tt
"inconsistency being a \trademark\"" isn't really a good thing   c:"""
no net at the new casa  it kinda-sorta really sucks  :<
yay   smile 
"awesome  long lost auntie shows up out of nowhere   surprise  kudos to ye, facebook~"
