c3dea813eb0248e9a9af0a9828743de0
tinkerbell is having puppies
new <propfemale>!
"happy new years everyone, hope this 2011 is better then the last wishing u love, joy and health always "
excited to go to wisconsin with my family tomorrow  smile 
the more i see the less i know the more i like to let it go     (r h c p )
is anyone interested in buying a pool table?
like the game nazi zombies
"going out with my girls can't wait  smile      \please dont stop the music    \"""""
can't sleep      annoyed 
first day of training     loving it
new phone but lost <propfirst>  surprise  can u plz send em to me    plz & thank u  smile 
if i had to pick a wrinkly dog it would be the shar-pei 
anyone have skype?
"not sleepy, too much drama    feeling annoyed"
"like this status and i'll tell you annoyed 1) how we met ?\2) my first impression of you ?\3) what i like about you ?\      4) favorite memory with you? \            5) dare you to put this as your status"
"who can i share my thoughts, hopes, dreams, and everything about mi ser if the person who's there with u doesn't seem show to care    "
academy awards!!!
do people these days check their e-mails?
this is the 1st in a great while     im bored
feeling a lil eased but still don't know if to go or not
"earthquake, tsunami and reactors blowing up in the same week     god help the nation of japan "
i want to have fun too : l
from now on this might be a challenge
feeling excited    
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
a good vacation is over when you begin to yearn for your work   ~morris fishbein
home sweet home and happy to see my baby
a true friend is one who thinks you are a good egg even if you are half-cracked 
do any girls play black ops on ps3?
supposably when i sneeze i sound like a pikachu they say pikaa and i say chuu
our eyes are the same size from birth?
25% of americans say they have tasted their pets's food  ewww
i never thought i would see the day i would see my mom texting for the first time   surprise 
sso nice out  smile  lovin' it
need motivation and inspiration
guanajuato love  love 
glee! lol
"the fighting game, pretty messed up how it ended  two wrongs don't make a right but mayweather he really went out of line"
"you would need almost 4,000 pokemon dollars if you wanted to buy one starbucks franppuccino! (my resource game informer) ;p"
emus and kangaroos can't walk backwards 
grrr    and ugh
fiddler on the roof good movie
dreams     what can they possibly mean     are dreams answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask?     and a dream which is not interpreted is like a letter which is not read?
vicious     night dream           : l
are male pokemon stronger fighters than female pokemon?
