8a419d13160c80eff34adb11e78fa4c7
i made popcorn but i burneded it  sad  i will still eat it though    
<propfirst>'s cake is not a lie   but the gate room cake possibly is 
so bored   reviewing for euro is boring  sad 
having hiccups for over 6 hours gets annoying 
euro makes me feel like defecation 
i wonder why the brain finds vibrating particles so appealing 
i lost the game! muahahahaha!
euro final part 1 of 4 tomorrow   luckly its only the dbq becuase i haven't studied yet 
euro final part 2 of 4 tomorrow     meh
"euro final part 3 of 4 on monday   also, you just lost the game "
i lost the game again   but i am now a little obsessed with chopin's fantaisie impromptu opus 66  if only i learned how to play the piano when i was younger   it will take me years to be able to learn it 
7 more days till all my ap testing is done for the year 
<enter witty comment about ap testing and the game here>
people are so moody recently  ap tests aren't all that bad   
ap euro exam and pizza party tomorrow!
ap chem exam will be a pain 
"done with ap testing for this year    yay! also, the g-"
fpa field trip tomorrow   (now spelling error free)
"fpa field trip was interesting   only have the world affairs council meeting left for this school year  the end of the school year is so depressing, especially with all the seniors leaving "
thinks that misfortune cookies are more entertaining than fortune cookies 
forcing myself to do my english paper a week ahead of time 
"from what i can gather, the band banquet is tonight "
wonders if anyone has ever thought of using combinations of various notes and chords to make messages when writen on sheet music 
?????????????????????????????
doesn't see why some people dislike liberals being in charge  most of the problems were caused by conservatives 
world affairs council trip was interesting!
???????????????????????????????
finished reading east of eden   very depressing book (just like the grapes of wrath) 
attempted to complete euro project but couldn't bring himself to do it   the euro project will have to get finished tomorrow 
no more school!   but i still have so much to do over the summer   
"took the act   i hope i did well  if not, there is always next year "
is selfteaching himself the honors district chorus song  it would probably help if he knew how to pronounce latin and also play in tempo but at least he takes initiative!
works from 1 to 10 tomorrow   yay     sad 
is wondering when the honors disctirct chorus song will be available to practice with 
"people have to \realize, when you take 10 hours worth of avatar and you condense \it to a little under 2 hours, that it wont be exactly the same  \also, the pronounciations in the movie are correct (nickelodeon was wrong\ in how to pronounce the names)  (this is now spelling error free) "
yay! the honors district chorus piece is now available!
"finally going to see toy story 3 around 9pm at \waterworks with <propfirst> brimmeier! anyone else want to see it (you have to \provide your own ride)?"
<propfirst> brimmeier and <propfirst> brimmeier fail at laser tag 
happy bastille day! i hope our ap exam results arrive today 
is actually going to start his summer assignments  hopefully he will get the first few done in the next week or two 
thinks the ap calc ab assignment is longer than the ap calc bc assignment 
working in a research lab is fun  if only i was 18  then i could actually get paid to do it 
"schedule annoyed 1  ap biology - chomyn\2  lab study hall - chomyn tomko\3  ap calculus ab - ussia\4  lunch semester 1 2 - n a\5  ap japanese 5 - shimizu\6  ap english literature - gaul\7  concert choir - carland\8  physical education study hall - mosbacher mccall\9  ap u s  history - donini"
21 days till school  that means 21 days to complete all of your summer assignments  maybe summer should slow down until we have them all completed 
??????????????????????
14 days till school  hopefully i can finish my next two summer assignments by the end of this week so i could enjoy the last week 
"attention: i have called the school and it is true that ms  carland has quit  lets hope they don't make this worse by hiring a terribad director (i e  our old student teacher)  lets also hope that jazz choir continues because that is the reason some people continue with concert choir  i know that if we either get a bad director or don't continue with jazz choir, i will drop the class (whether they allow me to or no) "
5 more chapters to go for wuthering heights! then just the essays left to do 
"finished wuthering heights  the ending could have been better  once i finish the essays, i will be done with all my summer assignments! yay!"
????????????????
?????<propfemale>??????????????????
yay for school! not yay for having to still finish my essays  luckily the essays are easy and shouldn't take more than an hour or so to write each of them 
going to work till 10   yay    
??????????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
the ending of <propmale> lear is so depressing  almost everyone dies 
all my sons was a nice and easy play to read 
i thought about starting 100 years of solitude but then i got sucked into facebook 
100 years of solitude is actually interesting  much better than <propmale> lear at least 
"so much homework (damn, apush and apelac), so little time (because of work) "
time is running out for the completion of the tragedy essay  two more paragraphs and i will be done 
sent my tragedy essay at exactly 11:59  lets hope that there isn't lag or that it doesn't bounce back 
simple minds are amused by simple things 
finished one hundred years of solitude  most likely one of the greatest books i have ever read 
writing my upenn essay  i wonder if the admissions office would be unhappy if it is several pages long 
started learning my honors chorus music  had to listen to domaredansen like 5 times before i figured out how to sing it  4 days to learn 9 songs   shouldn't be too hard 
pmea honors choir was fun  it is sad how it was my last year doing it 
"in soviet russia, horn blows you!"
a midsummer night's dream was awesome  great job cast and crew!
i finally know what i will be doing for my community arts project 
"aspca commercials are so depressing, and that is why i support them "
my upenn and cmu apps are being processed  yay! only 3 months till i know whether i am accepted or rejected  now the fun of completing the financial aid forms comes 
179 out of 200 on my community arts project  i am happy but also a bit sad that i missed the a by 1 point  i will get 200 on the next community arts project though because my idea is so awesome 
"district calendar says we lose april 6 as a makeup day first, so we should still have a 3 day weekend  april 6 is a wednesday so it isn't like we are losing a 3 day weekend either "
"reminder: don't forget about shimizu sensei's farewell party tomorrow after school in room 119  if you haven't already, bring in 3 to 5 dollars for pizza "
"amg, square enix is making a sequel to final fantasy xiii!!! i can't wait to get final fantasy xiii-2!"
????????? sad 
scheduled my upenn and cmu alumni interviews  glad that is finally out of the way 
"step 1: go to college\step 2: ???\step 3: profit!"
new life goal: write a religious satire that is a palindrome!
"kinda bored, practice piano or play ff13?"
??????????????????????????
"\gott ist tot \"" - friedrich nietzsche"""
"japanese, apush, and mock trial to work on today  hopefully i'll get them all done in 4 to 6 hours "
upenn alumni interview today at 4 smile 0  i hope i make a good impression 
mr  gaul's 6th period will beat miss demsey's and mrs  loudon's 6th period classes!
<propfirst> gugliuzza and <propfirst> lanier caused the steeler's failness today because of their negativity!
apush exam tomorrow  joy  at least i can look forward to the comedy symposium in gaul's class 
writing gaul's essay  hope to get done in 2 to 3 hours 
so i spent approximately an hour cleaning out my email inbox  that is what i get for keeping all the useless emails from college board 
"yay for 10 hours of homework! 2 chapters of apush, 300 pages for lit, japanese, and biology  i am so lucky  annoyed "
??????????????
"goals for the weekend: write my japanese speech contest essay, read chapter 32 for apush, and clean my room "
i am so bored 
enjoyed watching a neurological surgery and a thoracic surgery today  i learned that not eating does have a negative affect on your body's tolerance to viewing blood 
"so i've been thinking  since i know several doctors, and also because of the success of <propfemale> little's linguistics conference, i was wondering if i should setup a medical conference at school  i was hoping to get input from you guys before asking my friends if they could do it  so what do you guys think?"
"so, i think i might actually die of boredom  meh "
"finishing my japanese speech, then have to complete my biology, calculus, japanese, english lit , and apush homework "
have to be at school by 6 to help with the nhs breakfast  yay me! i'll probably stay up all night so i don't sleep in 
must finish my japanese speech  i will stay up half the night if i have to!
tekkoshocon is only 29 days away  can't wait to go!
"after neglecting to read return of the native, i decided to read all (or most) of it today  this will suck away probably 10 hours of my life  meh "
"the statement below is false \the statement above is true \i just created a paradox "
finished apush  now i only have calculus and english  i will hopefully be done by midnight 
2 5 hours to complete my return of the native essay  i will hopeful get done in 2 hours  this would be a lot easier if i read the book 
"woohoo, finished my gaul essay and it only took me 1 5 hours! but i only was able to get one quote from the book in, oh wells "
is one trophy away from finally completing final fantasy xiii  now must <propmale> farm to collect every item  meh  t t
is happy that he has less than an hour of homework to do  doing homework for 5 hours every night was getting depressing 
i am so bored  must do calculus homework and then study for apush 
"goal: complete looking up strands tomorrow  hopefully with 2 days of studying, i will get close to a perfect on the test "
down to only needing to look up strands for return of the native  woohoo 
a few chapters for apush and six cantos in <propmale>'s inferno for homework  approx 4 to 5 hours to complete 
i got accepted to carnegie mellon!
"rejected by upenn  psh, <propfemale> league is overrated   > > i still have cmu to look forward to   smile "
finished reading up to cantos 30 for the inferno  now must read a few chapters for apush 
so who all is excited for tekkoshocon? nearly three days of nonstop anime and japanese fun!
