cd6eb91c5ff7ede0178a823f5400e01e
i wish the world was flat like the old days and i could travel just by folding the map   so this is the new year 
"alright, alright "
hmmm   what should i do today?
going on a mission   
taking a step out of my comfort zone and trusting someone different just gets me fucked over   thought you were different   
i don't know what to have on my mind anymore   time will tell   
hmmm interesting night 
got super tan from the river yesterday   another mission accomplished 
starting now i'm starting over 
my judgement's getting kinda hazy
maybe i don't have to be good but i can try to be at least a little better than i've been so far 
you never fail to suprise me    keep me on my toes
"with a touch of redemption, a hint of elation; a recipe for disaster "
thought this was different   shoulda known better i guess   
don't fill up your head with trivial things   life's too beautiful for you to leave 
awwwh  smile 
hmm not what was planned this night   now i know i've found a good group of the most genuine friends and the best boyfriend  smile  so this is what life's about ?
i hope i really just didn't ruin this   
so much funnnn  smile 
best nachos of my lifeeee!  laugh 
time is useless when your head's caught up in the clouds 
why would you say that?  annoyed 
off to the lake!   smile 
this weekend has been epic! so many bad things happened  wink  haha  happy birthday one last time <propfemale>?
i'm not saying that it's right; and i'm not saying it's a life   i'm just saying it's where i'm at tonight 
whoa boyyy
we go dumb dude
no reason to share my goddamn youth 
i fall asleep with my friends around me   the only place i know i feel safe   i'm gonna call this home 
jam sesh
i've never loved my best friend more than i do now   she's the best   she knows how to make me feel better when i've never been worse 
why do people even need emotions   someone want mine?  i'm crushed   why do i even care anymorem
gone 
"my senses come alive, almost like the puzzle piece i've been trying to find "
haha so my summer's officially over   celebrated it just the way i hoped  wink  life's full of fun   i'm ready so don't stop   
school school school
take two  smile 
i love not having class on mondays  laugh 
oh boy 
last night's conversation was too much fun  i like where things are going 
ohh that's too embarresing   dang i feel sruper dumb  annoyed 
don't stop make it pop
"<propfemale>, <propfemale> are you all in the sky?"
"it's a victimless crime, just digging on the feeling of feeling sublime "
all this homework sucks   i've got more important plans!
you make me feel like i'm livin a teenage dream 
"i can tell it in the sound of your voice, i know i better be careful "
this is like old memories  smile 
mumford and son on the radio!?  score  smile 
last night was a blast   i'm lovin these new friends  smile 
this boy  love 
"no regrets, just love "
how can i  check lost and found when i'm too busy getting down?
what a good day   so much funnn  love 
99 red balloons 
so that's a screwdriver?
woke up earlier than i had too   i'm not saying that's a bad thing  smile 
this intellectual black hole reeks of cologne and lies 
super stoked for first friday tonight!
"yesh fuck me, for driving   "
what a night 
i've got the magic 
hmm what's there to do tonight?
"did i really pay 5 dollars for this?  hmm boys that say they're gonna be here, but aren't   "
sour patch to acid tongue 
they're back   
hmm i miss my long hair   doesn't feel right shorter  ha
oh is it already past your bed time?
last night was a good time indeed 
ohh man i love sounding stupid and awkward texts  annoyed 
cuz i'm just a teenage dirtbag baby 
"old habits die hard, but i'm too young to die "
hocus pocus  smile 
sooo lameee 
other parasites ripped on schedule you solitary man 
"wait a minuet, <propfemale>, i'm gonna add it up "
you are not a specialist 
getting to walk across campus to find your class is canceled is thhhe best 
i got a date with the night 
tonight was so much more fun than i e playful ected  wink 
six color pictures all in a row of a marigold 
got a devil's haircut in my mind
i'm a romantic; but never <propfemale> white 
i'm fareeezing but refuse to wear pants 
weekend starts now  smile 
"it's not confidential, i've got potential "
i'm up and alive for no reason 
"we've got the vision, now let's have some fun "
how can i check lost and found when i'm too busy getting down?
finallllly got a job haha
gotta gotta be down because i want it all
"party on, tonight should be funn"
gcc    so bored
now i'm a straight-line <propmale> in a black-out room
i love my friends  smile  the new ones too 
he has only one thing to say      
"i'm not a trophy, i'm just a show fiend "
why can't i feel anything from anyone other than you?
i feel like <propfirst> cash wearin all this black
so it's my best friend's birthday tomorrow    tonight's gonna get rowdy 
"you said that words can only get you so far, but i've got sentences that cover up all my scars "
you don't need to see the fire to smell the gasoline
guess i'm one of those?
"you don't know me, but you owe me "
work should be    interesting    tomorrow   ahhaha 
ha some conversations are too funn
it gets worse   
i'm sinking like a stone in the sea 
"starting now i’m starting over to play the game, get even, act my age "
time is useless when your head's caught up in the clouds 
like stars burning holes right through the dark 
"you've made a lasting impression, and if it doesn't feel right, then i just can't go wrong "
i know what i want noww
boring   let's do something
"no apologies ever need be made, i know you better than you fake it"
did i do something wrong?  annoyed  ughh
you can't buy no respect like the librarian said
"and so this is christmas, i hope you have fun "
"not quite losing faith, just giving it time to make up its mind "
"it’s just a drop in the ocean, a change in the weather, i was praying that you and me might end up together "
"i got a gnome in the backyard, i put him right on the x <propfirst>   he’s supposed to show me where the money is "
i just wanna stay up and watch the rain with someone special 
and we are vagabonds   we travel without seatbelts on   we live this close to death 
it makes me happy when they play third eye blind at work  smile 
let the games begin 
semi-charmed i'm alive
"whoa, where'd the day go!?"
finally a day off!  stoked   now what should i do?
"i'm going to live, but i'm living far away "
finally my last class!
what do tigers dream of?
yessss robot chicken 
 smile 
"moments of the past, coming back to find us   not to relive them, just to remind us "
"i can do anything that i want, cuz look "
i'm super cereal 
free fun 
"i don't want no savior baby, i just wanna have a good time "
more importantly today is payday 
"if i seem surprised, it's just a joke i'm trying out "
oh dang 
red is the new blonde 
just bought my parkway drive ticket   so stoked  smile 
"and i can taste it, it's my sweet beginning "
"the weather was perfect today, but now it's too cold "
so  bored 
"hmm, that was fun   smile "
"don’t stop calling, you’re the reason i love losing sleep "
we’re half-awake in a fake empire
what a joke   
mmmmmmmmmmm 
green tea is the cure for just about everything   what a night 
"if it's a game, and these are the stakes i know i got the best shot, for taking you out of the race "
i got birds in my ears and a devil on my shoulder 
you give me butterflies 
english 102    you're killin me   wtf 
"stupid boy, you are not that smooth "
"your cloud line urges me, and my electric surges free "
"how come when you realllly want a certain someone to answer your text    they don't? this, right now, really upsets me  sad  i have something important to sayyy!!!"
"cross your heart, it's yours for you to keep "
near death e playful eriences   
"umm excuse me, isn't it a safety hazard for you to be out in public?"
holy moley me oh my 
dang didn't even study for my psychology exam and aced it    should i rethink my career field?
