643f95255eb5f6ac1f2b2838795c5af8
wow life i great having a blast in sc with <propfemale>
going to atlanta ga tomorrow  smile 
hangin out with my bro on our b-bay
enjoying the rain
finally going to collage bout dam time lol
start class tomrow
<propfemale> far collage is sweet
class wasent to bad today
just got done with english going to get a bit to eat
i cant stand people who think there beter than me they act like there shit dont stink  god it fucken pisses me off
its funny how u think u kno someone and u havent seen them in awile and they talk shit  2 faced
sooo tired
long day going to bead
<propmale> i think i left my cell in ur room try to find it
just got done with my report    woot woot
wow
"i fear no evil, i fear not even death, for my only fear is to be forever alone "
"today was good met some cool people , like <propfemale> she is from ukrian, she is very good at <propfemale> pong lol"
"as i see you from day to day , my soul begins to faint , for i am lost and awaiting for you to find me "
woot woot its been 2 weeks and 2 days since i quit smoking cigs i feel great also i began to run and work out ill be looking real good in a few months
"tonight i dream of your beauty ,"
how does one define him or her self   would it be there morals or there true values                    truth & honor
going to the game
chellen like a villen with my home boys lol
working hard on my speech
falling like a <propfemale> does on the darkest night
today has been a trying day on my mind   to let one know your past is a hard thing to do 
"today's day was not a bad day nor a great day but a full day it was, to share in one life is to know them"
"as the world spins so does i, in my mind i see the truth as the truth see me or does it see you?"
today's the day i see your true colors 
as i said before i found out the true feelings and now i must start again
it is sad when feelings for another cant come true
all the days go bye sooo fast but soon the time will slow when i find the one to show my true self to end the pain that which begain
today is going slow
racquetball is frecken sweet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all i can do is sit and watch the bottles fill with rain its not sain  blind melons    baby check out the band and look for the bumble <propfemale>
woot woot scored a 95 % on my history test only missed 2 out of 40
watching papillon its asome
going to watch the new x men movie wolverean
todays been a very long day going to bed  sweet dreams everyone 
when does the shade become my friend and keep me cool
i love the rain
sooo much for the long days now is the time of short days its going to get cold soon
how can i  feel the way i feel when i see you feel the way you feel  in the deepest of times throughout which i can not see as i see you
today was frecking cold brrrrr!!!!!!! but i love the changing of the seasons
i only see you often but when i do memories come back to me but only for a moment  we had good and bad times  rember yamg!!!
loves these kind of days
its been 1 month an 2 weeks of no smoaking i got it wiped now woot woot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tired of being s-a-i-j
is studying for hist test for tomrow yyyaaaaa lol
"i havent been <propfemale> fucked up in long time, monday wow i was gone"
such small thing's affect me so much
woot woot hc geting fucked up
braveheart is the best movie ever made
bed time early day tomrow
the days go by so fast soon we will have no time at all for the days can be endless as i am by your side but soon youll see the time we spend will forever be our memories
"try to think of ones feelings but afraid to act, is it what drives me to you or you to me, questions that are to hard to answer but feelings can be the truth"
long day but fun
"every time i look apon the night sky i see the dreams, dreams of my mind, dancing with the stars within my dreams"
why cant you understand me
long day but had <propfemale> much fun with my friends
"studing for 2 test tomrow long but  fun i leave you with this, live life long and treasure the days we have"
how can one see the truth when the truth is blined by feelings why does most resest their feelings so then the truth will never show its self
couldent be happyer
food
happyness
"life is but a dream, when we can see the truth in our dreams, is when we can make sense of our own reailty "
lost my phone  sad 
trying to get the one i love happy  smile 
back to school i missed it so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
long day
love my girl more than anything  smile  she gives me peace
bord
love is in the air and i am taking a deep breath
bored in global issues
why can't life alow us to love and live with the one person who we are ment to be with  sad  sad day
russian midterm this friday o boy wish me luck  smile 
sooooo tired lol work sucks big ones
russian final tommrow  smile 
yaaa i finshed my russian 2 final and i think i really well on it  smile 
it's hard to say this but i do feel alone and i wish i was with my <propfemale> love you baby!!!! kisses
miss mt girl
miss my girl  sad 
life wow its hard
well i finally sold my <propfirst> lol i get to go back to school yyaaa i am super happy i was worryed for a moment  smile 
"sometimes i think i can control life but then life it smacke's me in the face, all i know is the love i have with you is what i need most! she is my everything the love of my life! my dreams are yours my life is in your heart all i want is you in my arms!!!!!! love you kateryna forynna kisses baby xoxoxoxoxo miss you so much"
miss my swett <propfemale>! if i had only one wish it would be for me to hold you in my arms  smile  love you baby kisses xoxoxoxoxo
life love i am so lucky to have both love you so much my special girl kisses baby ill see you soon!!!!!!!!!  smile 
miss my girl so much  sad 
love my girl more than anything cant wait to see her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i only want one thing in life and that is my love to be in my arms
does anyone up here at west <propfemale> know how to 3d mapping or layout some type of design??????????????? let me know if there is thanks
"still seeking help for my project, need to find some who know 3d animation, or some type 3d <propmale>!!!!!!!!"
it getting cold bbbuuuuurrrrrrrrrr
"its cold but i love the rain, makes me want to read or sleep  smile "
love my baby
rainy rainy days  smile 
had a blast playing racket ball dam tennis players are good!!!! lol next time it will be a different story
looking for some opponents for racket ball let me know if anyone is interested  ?  smile 
i can finally give my poor brain a break! this week has been crazy none stop hitting the books  i think i am going to take a nice long nap  smile  i need it!
today is a cold day burrr but its a good day  smile 
"love\ you baby miss you so much sweet heart!!!! your the air i breath, the \warmth in my soul, the courage in my heart, the passion in my eyes, and \the love ill always need!"
"i see you walking about during my days, i see you in my dreams at night, i see your smile when i close my eyes, but for all you are- you are my heart! these days can be sad without you by my side, for memories are what keeps me alive, till the day your back at my side!!!!!!!!!!!   46 more days baby just 46 more  smile "
"i have a smart, smoking hot, beautiful girlfriend!!! and she is 8,000 <propmale> away  sad  i love you baby miss you so much 39 more days and ill be there!  smile  smile  smile  smile "
here we gooooo exam day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well the week for me is finally over and i don't feel to great about any of the exams i took this week  sad  maybe i did better than i think idk but i put tons of time in each one!
ill see my girl in 30 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  love you sweet heart
miss my girl so so much  sad  need her!!!
"when its cold outside its you i need to hold , when its rains i think of you, when times are hard its your love that pulls me through, when i don't understand it's your wisdom that guides me! <propfemale> your the love of my life and you will always be in my heart, thoughts, and dreams  miss you baby kisses "
"ill love you now, ill love you tomorrow, ill love you in my dreams, for all the nights and days we are apart my love for you never fades, the love i have for you is stronger than anything this world can throw at us  my girl, my baby, my life  love you sweet heart! ? ????? ????, ???????? ???!"
"the days are moving faster as i wait for the time we can hold one another again, not seeing you pains me to no end, my heart longs to held by your love, kind smile, and soft loving hands  your love gives me courage to get push through the hardest of times  love you always baby ill see you very soon 17 more days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  kisses my darling love"
oooooo boy!!!!!! my poor brain  sad 
i am done with finals  smile  now its time to go see a special someone who has been waiting for me for such a long time! 4 days baby just 4 more days kisses
tomorrow is the big day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"sitting here at the airport waiting for my flight to chicago, from there to frankfurt, then finally kiev  smile  going to see my love finally  smile "
<propfemale> crap is the airport e playful ensive geeezzzz 2 13 for a bottle of pop wow
with the girl of my dreams and i couldn't be happier  smile  love my <propfemale> so much!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile  smile  smile  smile 
i am home but i am sad!!!!  sad  miss my <propfemale> so much need her always with me
miss you baby so much need you!
"need my girl so much\\my light, my soul, my ever lasting happiness"
ok everyone i finally got all the videos and pictures uploaded from my trip if you want to check them out feel free  smile 
just played some bad ass racket ball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
