99ae40fa836ae52ded8aa80aa434eaba
"i want to thank everyone for wishing me a happy birthday   this was very meaningful to me    once again thank you         love, <propfemale>"
"2011,  happy happy healthy new year to everyone!  best wishes to all!!"
"thanks to the soldiers, here and gone  i appreciate your service to our country  i appreciate you! in memory to all the men and women who have kept us safe "
"police don't think it's as funny as u do  they sent me a pic of me speeding, so i sent a pic of a check  so they sent me a pic of handcuffs, i replied \sweet!\"""""
i want to wish everyone a happy and safe 4th of july   enjoy!!!!!
"hay everyone, we hope everyone had a safe and fun holiday   wow! have these past few days been hot or what?  well it is monday 7-5-10 and <propmale> and i were to meet some people at phils tonight   and unfortunitly with yesterday and todays heat has wiped us out "
"with my diabetes and my medications and being in the sun, they don't mix well   i am sorry, i do want to meet you all with my husband <propmale>   we will definitly do this another time and i will stay out of the sun that day   once again, i am sorry and <propmale> and i hope to see you all soon                 thanks, <propfemale> and <propmale> c "
"a son will grow\out of your lap    but never your heart!!! it's \son's week\"" if you\",99ae40fa836ae52ded8aa80aa434eaba,"if you were a dog, what dog would you be    -- my result: doberman  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 673 referrals status?aid=1374041167"
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bullshit, drama, games, liars, & fake ass people keep this sneeze going     !!!!!!!!!! ?"
"thank you all, thursday she has to go to the doctor for a biopsy of her bone marro and for him to check out the cancer in her lungs   this is rough 1 cancer is bad enough but, two to keep track of   may he hear ower prayers!!!"
"it has been said that true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question your friendship  this type of friend picks up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it's been, how far away they live & they don’t hold grudges  they understand that life's busy but, that you'll always love them  repost this if your are lucky enough to have at least 1 of these friends "
"i don't need anger management, people just need to stop pissing me off  on ? "
"hi anyone, i need a <propfemale> <propfemale>   if anyone knows how to get one please let me know "
" love \sweet!  i just got 1127 farm cash for free!! >> http annoyed  is gd ec3rf <<"
"sweet!  i just got 1127 farm cash for free!!\\ >> http annoyed  is gd ec3rf <<"
"my doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity, i replied, no, we all seem to enjoy it  hahahahahaha"
"your family has been touched & tormented by cancer (mine has) today\is world cancer day - i'd appreciate it if you would post this request \93% won't repost it  a small request  just one line  dear god, i pray \for a cure for cancer  amen"
"if\you have a great mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, \hugged you tight, watched you succeed, aw you fail, cheered you on and kept\you strong   remember-mom's are a promise from god that you will have a \friend forever!!! put this as your status if you love your mom"
"has anyone else having trouble getting onto farmville, i have not been able to sinc early yesturday  now all my croops are dead   this bites the big one!!!!!"
i finaly got a <propfemale> <propfemale>!  ya!!!!  now if i can only get on my farm!!!!!!!!!!!!
i finaly got a <propfemale> <propfemale>! ya!!!! now if i can only get on my farm!!!!!!!!!!!!when o when am i going to get on farmville???  this is rediculas!!!i'm getting realy pissed off now!   the <propfemale> is comming out now#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#
yay!!  i finaly got to go on my farm tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propfirst>,   happy birthday to you  u live in a zoo, happy birthday to uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!"
"tomarrow,(or today) september 3, is our 21st annniversary    happy anniversary,  <propmale>    love you"
"i maybe fat, but you can't fix stupid"
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family \member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of \those who continue to conquer it  put this up for 1 hour if you love \someone who has or had cancer"
why is it that certain people can have an opinion and when other people have an opinion they are considered idiots???
"why does it seem that some (not all) people who have a degree with a piece of paper attached   think that they are more proper and holier then though, over someone without a piece of paper but, has decades of life e playful erience    so what if they have an e playful ensive piece of paper to wipe their ass with   i don't care "
"why does some people who have a degree, think they are more proper and holier then though, over someone without a degree, but, has decades of life e playful erience "
has nametagged you in the progressive nametagger application
"hi everyone i just wanted to give u aome info  i may not be on for a little while  i have to go tomarrow to mather hospital  i have an infection in my bottom lip and possibly my neck and a toe on my lsft foot  why, and how i don't know   so i don't know if they will addmitt me or not, they may because of being diabetic like last february  but, if they don't you all will hear from me sooner "
"good news, the hospital did not want me,  they gave me meds and sent me home this time    ya ya ya"
i'll be back   running to dunkin donuts in wr   for birthday donuts!!! ya ya
i'm back
i would like to thank you all for your kind words and making my birthday so special   you guy and gals are very special people and make me proud to know all of you   thank you all                     wink 
"hi, everyone i'm letting you all know that i will not be on for a little while do to the fact that i am going into mather hospital tonight do to a infection in my left foot   hope to see you all soon   love <propfemale>"
"hi everyone, i am home from the hospital   things are better and my leg is not infected any longer   i have missed everyone  i hope everyone had a good holloween ( i missed this years, but, there is many more in the future  happy to be back "
"put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you \?or ? someone ? you ?know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is \?that ?in ? 2010 ? a ? cure"
fb has added many old friends to my life that i have missed and loved over the years  thanks fb for reuniting the ones i have held dear through out time 
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of u are on my friends list as a result of aconscious decision  i wanted u there! i am not only glad to count u as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends' list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank u for being part of my life"
"life's journey is not to arrive safely at the grave in a well preserved body   but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting \holy crap    what a ride!\"""""
"i want to wish all my friends and family a very happy thanksgiving, and safe driving to everyone   careful at any of those stores this weekend   yum! yum!"
my bedroom is not messy   i just chose to lay my clothes out on the floor so i can see them better  laugh 
is anyone else having trouble getting on thier farm????????????????
"christmass <propfemale> (day) started off with a bang,last friday i was in the er my husband dislocated his shoulder  and guess where we were this morning?? u got it back at the er   his shoulder popped back out before getting oout of bed  they had a hard time getting it back in today it is such a horrible thing to watch the one u love in so much pain, and u can not do a thing about it "
"continued from last status annoyed well he is resting now and we might be talking surgery in the very near future   have a very <propfemale> christmass everyone and enjoy the ones you have   bless you all!"
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  let’s see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life 
i'm not aging      i'm marinating
made beef stew in my crock pot   just lovin it! it came out great!!   yum yum
"lord, give me the strength to put up with the people who are going to piss me off today "
watching <propmale> white (comedy central) what a pissa!
b e e r
(not joking) does anyone know a lawyer?  please let me know for a consultation   thanks 
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately   re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world   
"i'm a little boy with glasses, the one they call a geek; a little girl who never smiles cause i've got braces on my teeth  i'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last; you don't have to be my friend, but is it too much to ask: don't laugh at me, don't call me names, don't get your pleasure from my pain! in the eyes of god we're all the same  - - re-post for bully awareness "
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have amazing children, put this as your status  ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????\love all my babies     stuart   reba?   michael?!   and of course all my awesome pets! spunky ? pepper ? <propfemale> ? peanut ? patch ? zizzmo etc ? and all you other scappy-doo's!"
"well, my son passed and recieved his permit to drive today   great job <propmale>   "
i would like to wish everyone a happy valentines day!  hugs & kisses
<propfemale> the ziti was great!! thanks  
bathing suits r out already!!
"i may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be someone's first choice, but i am a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm proud of being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past   but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am   or watch me as i walk away  post this if you're proud of being you "
wow! that cup of tea taste great!!
"to my children, i make mistakes, sometimes more than i would like to admit, being a mom  but i will always be there for you, to hear you, to cheer you, to laugh or cry with you, to protect you with my life, and to love you for eternity with all my heart! no one will ever love you more than i do, i'm your mom! re-post if you have children, young or adult, that will always be in your heart ? ? ??"
"did u know a funny thing happened today, my belt bukle ran away from my belt    hmmm now what to doooooooooooooooooooooooooo?????????????????"
"attention family and friends - read this and then re-copy it to your own status    to get the word out: if you get a notification that says a friend reported you to facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do not click it  it's a virus  please post this on your own site for your friends - take care its a strong virus"
"and don't forget mom with the lung cancer and can't breath etc boiler has broken car with problem & can't pass inspection, & recieved a ticket because of it, getting permitts from town and helping my parents     how much more can i endure???????????? may some light shine through this dark hole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"my dad, has a cancerous pulip in his left nostril   been going to long island jewish hospital   he has to have the surgery and reconstructive surgery on his nose   and then radiation for 5-6 weeks 5 x a week "
