a22f24ec3facbe61f26b69615760feaa
"is ready to join 20,000 other young adults who are passionately in love with jesus christ @ passion2010!!  smile "
new zealand pics are finally up!  smile   australia pics are on the way  another day hah
is working on schoolwork  in the summer   yuck
is heading to the beach w  her mama!!  smile 
is on her way to guatemalaaaaaaa!!  smile 
is getting eaten alive by mosquitos!!!  but sad she has to leave in 3 more days  sad 
"just finished her final paper for her class!  woohoo, now i can go ride splash mountain with goofy  wink "
is speaking at church tonight  smile 
"\the heavens proclaim the <propfemale> of god   the skies display his craftsmanship \""  ~psalm 19:1"""
has discovered her love for corn on the cob!
has her new <propmale> back!   smile   smile 
is heading to the beach  smile 
"is spending her last few hours of being a teenager!    hah, finally  wink "
is loving her birthday wishes!!  smile 
just made $75 on a textbook that she was only gonna get $3 for!!!!  praise the lord  smile  smile  smile 
"is mourning the death of lil petey, her precious little hermit crab : smile  smile ("
is spending her last day at home this summer & it's gonna be wonderful!!  first stop: church to worship her <propmale> w  some amazing people who i like to think of as family  smile  smile 
almost has her entire room boxed up  finallyyyyy!!  off to church to see my loves  smile  smile 
is starting a 10 hour drive at 5am   yikes!  but i'll get to see zoey after it!!!!!  smile 
is excited to have her brother on campus w  her this year!!  smile 
is eating mashed potatoes!!  smile 
is backpacking in ky!!  smile 
is loving the thunder & lightning!  smile 
--my phone is a little messed up right now   and it's driving me a little crazy  
has a working phone again!!  smile 
is sick of being sick!!
is wondering if anyone has connections for a place to stay in atlanta in january???
is having a fabulous day!!  smile   the weather is just beautiful & god is way too good!!
"has a broken phone again, fyi  sad "
absolutely loves her lodge mates!!!!  smile 
can't wait to see hoooooome!!  smile 
is so thankful to be spending time with family!!  smile 
 smile 
is loving all of this snow!!  smile 
wake game!!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas y'all!  wink 
is blessed!! it has just been such a wonderful amazing sunshiny day  smile 
loves the fact that her mom just woke her up at 7am to wish her happy new year in new zealand  hah
wake game!!  what a wonderful way to end 2009  smile 
"joy, unspeakable joy!!"
is not really ready for the long drive  annoyed 
we're living in your freedom to see your <propfemale>!
"oh, happiness!!  there's grace!  enough for us and the whooole human race!  smile "
"\there ain't no high like the most high!\"""""
is it weird if i say that i am a little disappointed that speech class is cancelled today?
is sooo stinkin excited about life!!  smile 
is spending the night in a motel in ohio   thank you snow   
sweet home nc!  it is going to be a wonderful week  smile 
snow??  really???  i just can't get away from it!! ahhh
is loving all of this abundant sunshine!!  smile 
thinks we need to vote <propmale> gay the coolest person on the planet
i wuv bwooks
pooop
is accepted!!!!!  smile 
"not to us, o lord, not to us, but to your name goes all the <propfemale> for your unfailing love and faithfulness!  ~psalm 115:1"
has an amazingggg group of friends & a wonderful church family!!  and she loves them all very very veryyyy much!  love 
"is listening to a ton of cultural world music (such as, for example, traditional music from nepal) and it is making her soooo excited for this next year of her life!!!  smile "
is wishing she worked for the weather channel or noaa right now!!  smile 
found her chicken flavored crackers!!  smile     now she just needs to find the chicken flavored potato chips too!
found her passport!!  ahh   praise the lord!!!!!!  smile  smile 
loves unity amongst diversity!!!  love 
is so excited to <propfemale> out with the high school girls this week!!  smile   bring it on jesus!!  yay for camp!  smile 
kernersville parade!! woohoo  smile 
"\ beholding your beauty is all that i long for   to worship you jesus is my sole <propfemale>   for this very heart you have shaped for your pleasure   purposed to lift your name higher! \"""""
"  the gentle warm breeze, the smell of the ocean, the sticky feeling of saltwater on your skin, and of course the feeling of sand between your toes   oh i love spending my days on the beach!  smile "
"go forth seeking adventure  open your eyes, your ears, your mind, your heart, your spirit and you’ll find adventure everywhere  ~wilfred a  peterson"
just wanted to post a status at 11:11  love 
:: camp meeting tonight!  and i'll have my bracelets  smile 
officially lives in kernersville city limits again! woohoo!!  smile 
is <propfemale> bound! wr training camp starts today!!!  smile  [be home august 1st]
"this has been the most intense week of my life but i am loving it so incredibly much (trust me, it has taken some time to get to this place of happiness haha)!!!  but praise the lord because we are about to change the world!!!!  smile "
is home from my wr training camp!  i am so super pumped to live in such an awesome community with all of my new friends family!!  one month 'til departure to the world!  god is so incredible!!!
"   is it weird to say that i actually have the <propfemale> to go outside, roll around in the dirt, spray bug spray all over my body and sweat an insane amount??  oh how i actually miss training camp!  wink "
is ready for a thrilling weekend in wv!  smile  smile 
"   it's official, i \launch\"" september 12th!!  smile """
is sooo excited about the meteor shower that she's sleeping under the stars tonight!!  smile  smile 
headed to coffee and avowry !  tonight at 7!  come to support my cousin with me!! yeahhh  smile 
feels incredibly blessed & loved!!!  thank you to everyone for all of my birthday wishes!  you guys are awesome & i am so happy to call you my friends!  smile  smile 
is reallyy excited about the day ahead of her!  lunch with long lost dawnjalee <propfemale>  wink  & then girls night tonight with some amazing ladies!   and the news of <propfemale> sievers coming to nc just makes me heart smile!  i love life  smile  smile 
is reallyyyyy extremely excited that she gets to spend some quality time with <propfemale> sievers!!!  smile 
is really excited to actually see <propfemale> guzman tomorrow while we're both living in the south!  i cannot believe this hasn't happened at all in the past 3 years  what a shame  wink 
"   if you could only choose one book to take along with you for a year, what would it be???"
cannot believe this is her last sunday at kwc for a yearrrr!!  sad   i am really going to miss my amazing church family!
cannot believe it is already september!!  departure is getting so close  smile  smile  smile 
"made the front <propfemale> of the kernersville news [thurs, sept 2] !!!!!!!!"
is at iwu til monday!  smile   oh  and i have my bracelets for sell too  wink 
was not e playful ecting an annoying ear infection during her visit to iwu  sad   pray it gets better asap!!
"was not e playful ecting to have to spend the night in indianapolis, but is very cheerful about the restful quality time she gets to spend with her <propmale> before her 5am flight home!  smile "
has really missed sitting traveling in airports by herself    just not this early in the morning!!
let heaven fall like a wrecking ball & crush every fear in my veins   let the love of god like a tidal wave come & wash away all my shame   love  you can't stay away when love starts singing   [jdh]
is packed!!  now off to la for a little pre-world race fun before the real adventure begins on sunday!!  ahhh  smile 
is excited to spend her last day in the usa at disneyland!!!  wahoo!  wink 
the adventure has begun!!!  off to the philippines!  smile   the easiest way to know what is going on throughout my journey around the world is via my blog:  carmenrecord theworldrace org
enjoying a scrumptious starbucks coffee in the <propfirst> kong airport   smile 
would like you to know that she is safely in the philippines!   smile  thank you for all of your prayers!! follow what's next at    carmenrecord theworldrace org
"is working with threads of hope in puerto galero, philippines this month!!  smile "
is living in a rain <propmale> surrounded by butterflies!  god is incredible!!
loves dance parties on the beach with amazing filipino women!  these people make my heart smile  smile 
safely in malaysia!  i can't believe it is already month 2 of the world race!  i will try to get some new blogs up soon too  smile 
my last blogs from the philippines are up now finally!!  carmenrecord theworldrace org !  malaysia blogs up soon!  smile 
what are you letting the enemy hold you back from???  new blog post!  http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org 
new blog up!  read about my random month in malaysia and see pictures!  http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org ?filename=malaysia-is-so-random         smile   now off to thailand!!
loves e playful loring the streets of bangkok!  smile   i can't believe i'm finally in thailand!!
"is safely in pattaya, thailand for her month of ministry!  oh lord, you are god of this city!!"
looooves being in thailand!!!  smile   check out 2 new blogs i have written    http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org
"is wondering if she'll have an actual thanksgiving feast this year, a mexican fiesta, or perhaps a bowl of rice?  hmm   "
is currently making christmas cards w  the lovely ladies at the <propfemale> center!  smile   ps_ check out my new video i uploaded!!!
"happy thanksgiving everyone!!!  i wish i could be there with you all, but i do have to say that i looooved my thanksgiving in thailand this year!  smile "
is so excited about the awesome things that god is doing here in thailand and how he is using her team!!!  and super excited about the blog she just posted!  wink 
is off to cambodia in the morning!  smile   thailand has been amazing this month!  i know i will have to come back again soon  wink 
is safely in cambodia  smile   love it already!
"loves the \chilly\"" morning in phnom penh!  \""it's beginning to feel a lot like christmas\""  wink """
is preaching her first ever sermon in the morning to 100 university students  this will be the perfect moment for god to show up & show off his power!
   is excited to be spending christmas in cambodia!   yes i might be away from family & friends but what could be better than chasing elephants down the street or seeing freedom brought to students or even worshiping jesus with buddhists?!!  there might not be snow here but god is still incredible!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas from cambodia!!  smile  i love you all & miss you like crazy!
"making the journey back to bangkok, thailand from siem reap, cambodia in the morning to leave on a plane to <propfemale>, africa!  smile   we'll be celebrating new year's 5x as we cross over the timezones   what a great way to bring in the new year!"
loves watching the sun rise over africa!  smile   2 new blogs up about ministry here in kenya   check them out!  http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org
kissed a giraffe!!  smile 
the next <propfemale> moore??  who knows?! check out my newest blog post!!! http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org ?filename=blonde-retro-hairstyles
had no idea that she made the front <propfemale> of the kernersville news all the way from africa!  ha!
is off to rwanda!  smile 
"is safely in nyagatare, rwanda   smile   communication is limited this month, but i am doing wonderful & love you all   i can't wait for god to show up this month out here in the middle of nowhere africa  wahoo!!  wink   ps_ the stars are incredible!!!!"
"in the rwandan bush    lots of gorgeous hills, a mud hole for our squatty potty, lots of long-horned cows, and internet once a week at the pace of dial-up  gotta love it"
is off to uganda!  smile 
is safely in uganda  smile 
"went to see an american movie today & within the first 5 minutes, the power went out! ohh africa    haha! in other news, i have a new blog up    http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org !!  smile  miss you all like crazy!   can't believe i have been gone for almost 7 months now!"
got a weave and soon discovered i was allergic to it!! hahaha!! check it out: http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org ?filename=im-allergic-to-my-weave
is rafting the nile & bungee jumping this weekend!! ahhh   what an adventure!!!  smile 
just bungee jumped over the nile river!!!  smile 
is in dubai   starbucks here i come!!  wink    and then off to <propfemale>!  smile 
is in <propfemale>   weird and kind of hard beginning to the month but god is still in control  woohoo!!  i send my love   smile 
is in love with <propfemale>!  smile   i promise i am currently working on a blog & will get it up soon!   sorry i've been awful at blogging lately  it's been a crazy month!
2 new blog posts up (1 from uganda & 1 from <propfemale>) and more to come soon!!  smile   check them out: http annoyed  carmenrecord theworldrace org
is safely in nepal  smile 
