94bb612093852720933c76598962ab95
back to where i belong   good old emu 
i need sleep for this boring ass week 
god! is it the 27th yet?
10   more   days   
going to sub week tomorrow  should be good considering i get to sleep in then ride on a plane 
"loaded some pictures, and now i am getting ready to jump on that plane to <propfemale> "
"having a good day during sub week  finally, a week with the navy that i thoroughly enjoy so far "
"back from the sub after 27hrs of being awake, i took a 3hr nap and i feel good "
can i go home now?
"wow, i'm home  how anticlimactic   "
it's going to be a weekend for the books   
"i need to shave, shower, and get a haircut hardcore "
"had a good last couple of days  this weekend promises to be good too  my picks for ufc 100: gsp will win, <propmale> lesnar will win, and bisping is going down!!!"
8 mile run was good  week 3 complete 
for some reason i can't sign into my emich  i've tried changing the password and everything  anyone else having this problem?
it's going to be a good day for 6-7 <propmale> 
"one weekend and 19 <propmale> later, i'm feeling pretty good "
summer is ending quickly   it's about damn time 
has stuff to do today 
i'm back to ypsi in 11 days 
just registered for the crim festival of races  i am so pumped!!!
"change of plans, apparently i am not going to ypsi until the 22 or 23rd "
my cellphone is lost and gone forever  don't call it 
back to ypsi after the crim tomorrow  it's been fun gladwin county   
i just ran 10 <propmale> in 59:42  another running goal down  yes!
"first day of staff week was sweet  i screamed and got screamed at, but i'm really looking forward to getting my brief squared away "
"left my labtop at north hall, crap "
"i have a new cell phone! same number, but friends, send me your <propfirst> again!"
"tomorrow is where it all begins  hope they're ready, because we are "
i just ran 19 <propmale> and feel like dying right now   
"i'm tired as hell  the new freshmen are here and my job is done  however, i can't go home and chill this weekend  i'm pissed "
i just had one of the best weekends ever  i can't wait for the year to kick off 
and so it begins again   
this situation better get sorted out  i have things to do 
time to do it again 
"let me rephrase, time for another \wonderful\"" thursday """
is having serious thoughts about quitting this desk job  i don't need the money this bad 
and i'm all better now  lol
12 <propmale> just for fun 
things are about to become rather busy 
looks like going home on friday is not happening   hopefully i can get back on saturday 
why is it that all my dreams are nightmares anymore?
"going home tomorrow around 10 am, missing the party of my life right now, but you know? it's worth it now "
time to head back to emu  things are alright 
"running, and running, and running, and running   "
"0500 is my favorite time of day, every day "
"i wish it was just friday right now, but that would be way too easy "
tomorrow is going to be one of those days that i remember for the rest of my life 
"well, we all get what's coming to us "
back to this shit 
october is looming   it will be a month of trial 
can't wait for this weekend  i'm tired of this week 
"i'm going to make this plan, and it's a pure shot in the dark  hopefully, it works "
turned out better than e playful ected   
"we all have good days and bad days, it's all in how we recover  thanks klenke "
"u of m, you are the reason i have to go kill myself now    thanks "
that run tired me out more than i e playful ected   
does everyone just absolutely hate my endurance challenge team?
the weekend brings the challenge  we'll be ready 
so we're rolling our sleeves up huh? wierd 
wisconsin for the weekend 
"back to the usual grind, however, now i get more sleep  yes!!!"
"easy 6 <propmale>, and now i'm getting ahead of the whole \study game \"""""
"so, my sister is in some serious trouble "
"we are young, but we have heart, born in this world as it all falls apart "
"alright, maybe i'm an optimist, but i think buell hall co-ed football team is going to take the league!"
"i can't keep telling myself what i want to believe, because it's poisoning the best of me  let me tell you more about the life i lead "
this weekend definitely cut into the study time  worth it? dunno yet 
i just went for an eight mile run to clear my mind  it didn't work 
6 days until <propfemale>!
i have to do this creative writing work before my game tonight!
"got some serious flag football to take care of tonight  not long until that big 26 2  this time i will destroy it, not the other way around "
"the weekend was excellent! just ran a 3 surprise 6:52 marathon time, which qualifies me for the boston marathon  looks like i have to do another one now "
"recovery is going great, i'll be running strong again by the end of the week for sure  short and easy run tomorrow  in a costume!!!"
i will never play for dorm teams like that again 
"i feel sweet now  awesome drill period, awesome night, and i'm going home tomorrow  best weekend ever "
"car is broke, but it's okay  things tend to work out "
"<propfemale> sigma phi, we are finally putting the rubber to the road!"
can't believe how dark it is at 1800 now  jeez   
holy shit   
"sunday, i'm just letting you know, we are not friends "
just got a 98% on my creative writing mid term  things went much better than e playful ected 
i just had to submit my first class override ever  hopefully it goes alright 
"thank you <propfemale> zeta! don't worry, we'll make up for it on the 22nd  i promise "
i have my girlfriend with me!
and now she is gone again   
i love the gear i get from my battalion  especially when i find dried blood in it 
"my gsi just told me i need to stop writing like i'm writing an english paper, and start writing psychology papers  shit "
just figured out who i want my big brother to be  this is sweet shit 
up in the morning way too soon!!!
there better be something awesome going on this weekend!!!
2 more days!!!
getting   the hell   out   of here    tomorrow!
i feel well fed and accomplished  let's get some homework done 
my shoulders are in a lot of pain right now 
it's going to be a little chilly in the field this weekend  better bring some extra snuggle gear   
my worst nightmare has turned into my best creative writing paper ever!
"choice of vehicles is now narrowed down to 3  2002 impala, 2005 malibu, 2001 smart nubira  gotta think this one through "
time to face the freezing field tomorrow 
pretty sure that i just received my first little bit of frostbite   at least it isn't too bad 
finals week is next week  i'm so glad that these assignments are finally going to be over 
just spent the last three hours on sociology 336  how 'bout a swim?
this is going to be a damn good weekend  sunday is going to be the best arctic plunge you have ever seen!
and the ass-chewing contines   guess i deserve it 
i am jumping into frigid waters in a little over eight hours  it's going to be amazing 
polar plunge team assemble!!!!
"one final tuesday, two finals on wednesday, and my last final on thursday  i'm gonna make it!!!"
a break i could've done without   
"haircut, shaven, and a sweet workout  today was good "
cumulative gpa is now at a 3 5  it's about damn time 
and then they go and change the mma schedule on me last minute  what the hell?
tired   bored   the week just needs to start 
monday turned out pretty decent for once 
book stipend needs to hurry the hell up!
"morning pt, five mile run, mma practice tonight  it's all in a day's work!"
regroup and push forward  that's how we're going to do delt sigs   
going to die of boredom  tomorrow will be better 
holy shit night 
"eyes wide open, time to go "
i'm thinking a night run is in order  peace 
getting my truck this weekend  finally!
slow <propfemale> i will have you some day!
"bought the insurance, now i just have to go get the truck "
"found my phone, got my truck, life is good "
now that i finally have some wheels i can go home this weekend  5 days   
"the 15 minute rule just went into play  i was a good kid and waited 20, what the hell?"
i just spent more than six hours writing up an excellent rough draft for the delt sig by-laws  we better use it   
i get to go home today 
3 year anniversary was good  time to go back to ypsi tomorrow 
got a seriously good month ahead of me 
"my situation is kindof odd being both a sergeant at arms and part of recruiting comittee  on one hand i am getting rid of pledges, and on the other i'm attempting to bring them in  weird   "
it's been a low day to be sure  tomorrow is another day 
pt is good for you and good for me!
"finally, this was a good time to be had by all "
another weekend draws to a close 
knocked out two exams today 
leaving for louisiana tomorrow!
damn    long weekend 
longest day of the week is over  i was definitely right about february being a good month 
"things are feeling a little <propmale>, but i know it's going to be good "
much   soreness   in the body 
just learned how to waltz with the dz girls tonight  well at least i know one way to dance 
headed out to gvsu for the weekend  peace!
11 <propmale> down today  long night ahead 
"so, why didn't anyone tell me that gvsu was 100 times better than emu?"
"it's snowing harder than our snow day two weeks ago, but we still have class  hmmm? who's the damn genius in charge of this?"
"a wonderful day, draws to a close  only four more until i go home "
"finished class for the week  drill tomorrow, pt on friday, and then it's time to head home "
waking up at 3 tomorrow  at least i'll be home soon 
i jumped right out to shout <propfemale> corps!!!
i'm back home  not sure how i feel about it yet 
poker night fools!!!
should probably do some homework today 
back to emu  damn 
i hate these feelings  ugh   
look at the past and consider how much different it could've been 
i am seeing lots of people out running  bout time 
yeah <propfirst> 1! that's how it's done!
i hope this weekend's thoughts will resolve the conflict 
i just want to be free!
"fighting, never very fun, but usually necessary "
"a run usually helps, 12 <propmale> later, it really didn't this time "
it's on!!!
"watching, waiting "
15 minute rule in effect  i was a good kid and waited 20 again  what is this professor's deal?
"yesterday was good, now it's back to work "
nobody told me i was going to be going to class all weekend!!!
"back from notre dame  great, another school that i wished that i went to instead "
just a couple more days until the shit hits the fan 
here we go!
ever feel like it would just feel better if parts of your body would fall off?
today i am 20  time to leave the teenage years behind 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone  they meant a lot to me 
i will find something to do tomorrow night  suggestions?
28 days until i return to that town hidden by all the woods    beaverton 
most   lame   weekend   ever   
17 days remaining until i am finished with this hole in the ground called emu 
hopefully a run will wake me up for my final class of the day 
15 days til i'm out for summer  gotta <propfemale> on   
after 5 <propmale> i have concluded that it is a little bit wet outside 
13 days to go till i'm done with school  22 days till home 
staying strong  dsp!
longest day of the week comes to a close  now it's time to finish strong!
donated blood yesterday and i just couldn't run well at all today   
classes are all done for the semester  two finals and i'm out of here on thursday!
motivate 
initiation   it's happening  go time 
has been welcomed into the land of <propfemale> sigma phi  it feels good 
i don't know if i've ever been more frustrated  i'm gonna start breaking stuff   
"one roomie out and two more to go  one final left to go, i'll knock that out at 3 "
good brainstorm delt sigs  that's what i like to see!
"well ypsi, can't say it has all been bad, but there were some pretty shitty moments  see you in the fall "
6 days until the return home  count it 
i have received the first c+ of my college career today  let's make sure it doesn't happen again  fuck astronomy 
a monday with nothing to do at all feels kindof nice 
2 more days until the return home 
"packed up and headed out in the morning for <propfemale> arbor, and then home  less than 24 hours now "
home is turning out better than i thought it would be originally  we'll see if this lasts 
10 mile boots and utes  my back hurts now 
and my life feels 100% normal today  thank god that's over 
"hiding indoors, waiting for it to cool down so i can run "
6 mile day  what a boring saturday   
"when all you have to do is run and work out, you tend to get a lot stronger and faster  oh yeah it's happening "
a lazy day after a crazy night   
finally some work to do 
it just hit me that i want to be back in ypsi and not this <propfemale> town anymore 
"gotta get it together, only about two weeks remaining until i hit the mountain!"
less than two weeks until the mountain!
2 more days and it will be time to hit the mountain 
tomorrow begins mwtc  see everyone again on the 11th 
back from the mountains now 
i just want to get back to where i belong!!! not too much longer now 
"well, that went well   "
i can't wait to get back to ypsi where people actually do stuff on the weekend  this place is getting rediculous 
i love days off of work 
why are trick bikes less e playful ensive than snowboards?
10 more days of work left  summer is closing 
damn   
bout time to sleep here in dc  i'll be in ypsi on sunday 
back in ypsi  it's good to be back 
"put in a good work day, let's get some more tomorrow and friday  sunday is coming   "
"well, prep week was fun, but now it's time for some fun outside of the battalion "
the beginning of the end is tomorrow candidates   
epic weekend over   
"got my refund today, it was amazing "
time for some rock climbing and a good start to a good weekend 
mondays are going to be long days this semester 
done with this homework business for today 
the homework business begins again today 
1 more class and i have survived another monday 
"tuesday is the easy day  wednesday, thursday, and then i have friday off  it's going to be a good week and an even better weekend "
"excellent event delt sigs, a special thanks goes out to the ladies of sigma kappa!"
the end of today marks the end of my week  finally 
the week begins again 
miriah is leaving now  i am very sad   
tuesday!!!
"if the eighth man for my endurance challenge team would stop looking at the pt plan and bailing out, that would be great  thanks "
the big push to end thursday  let's do this 
some serious rock climbing was done today 
glad that this weekend is drawing to a close 
let's get this week started right!
"so, i found a pair of running shoes i want   but i know i don't need them  i'm stuck here   "
"week, you are officially over for me in about seven hours  hell yes "
the weekend begins again 
these weeks seem to be blending together  already week six? damn   
   so i think it's raining outside   
"alright thursday, let's get you out of the way "
at gvsu with the girl  see everyone sunday 
monday begins now 
"alright everyone playing mcdonalds monopoly, i have the park place piece  if anyone has the boardwalk i will gladly split the million with you "
"maybe i didn't read this right, but endurance challenge is worth 25% of wisconsin's drill meet     again  (do i need to emphasize drill again?)"
just keep on running   
gotta get up in about 5 hours  yeah for being early for being early 
hello wisco!
"really sore  sorry next two classes, you have no pressing issues "
"this week is flying  good weekend ahead, i can feel it "
returning to gladwin county tomorrow  should be a good weekend 
returning to the home front now 
coming back to ypsi  good fun weekend 
feeling those angry feelings coming back again   
strange dreams   people that i haven't spoken to since high school showed up 
"it was a good night last night with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>  you know who you are "
nice day for a run  it'll probably be the last for a long time 
another excellent run on another excellent day  5k this weekend 
happy birthday united states <propfemale> corps
"and now, happy veteran's day!"
"really, really? guess it was my turn right? damn   "
not feeling well  ugh   
mortal combat!!!
really bad nightmare last night  weird   
sooooo who's doing something tonight?
very successful night last night 
"break, too bad you won't really be a break and i have work to do the whole time  oh well, at least i won't have to work on it around here "
got through monday easy  two classes today and i can get the hell out of here tomorrow 
see you when i get back from indiana tonight 
i just have to hold on for a few more weeks  then this semester ends and next semester will be a breeze 
glad break is over so i can get this crap over with 
i never thought i would say this but   dbz is ruining my life right now 
"yoga has successfully changed me from a very stressed and angry person, to a very calm, relaxed, and tired person tonight "
things are coming together now that the paper is done 
heading out for a field exercise tomorrow  see everyone again around midnight on saturday 
"now i'm back, what's going on?"
just successfully slept 11 hours  it was nice 
turns out that i will be done with everything next tuesday  not stressing at all 
"socl 333, your paper is done son! i'm finished with you "
just drove over 4 hours to get back to emu when it should've only taken 2  now in the library the rest of the night 
studying at the library complete  i'm done 
i wish the difficult issues would just take care of themselves   
boarding tomorrow!
destroy everything!
"it's going to be another day of running and lifting some weights  i don't know if you heard me counting yesterday, but i did over a thousand "
"time to celebrate new years  have fun, and i hope to see some of you!"
headed back to ypsi today  let's get back to it 
let's get back to it 
"another monday down, about 14 to go "
you ever have one of those dreams that you never want to wake up from? yeah   
"gents, just know that night is noted "
"so i just bought some sweet kicks, and to try them out i went for a great five mile run "
rock climbing tonight  time to get back to the lead 
it's going to be a good day followed by a good weekend in chicago!
it better be there   
these weekends will be the death of me 
doors were just made to be broken   
"maybe if people would wear regular shoes with traction, i wouldn't be forced to laugh as they land on their damn face  btw fuck uggs "
i'm so pissed!!! who did it?
forgot how awesome swimming was  that was a lot of fun!
university of michigan is about to be full of mcninjas 
did anyone ever consider that the mayans just didn't feel like adding more to their calendar? damn 
hype that storm to the <propmale>!!!
i still can't make phone calls or text  this sucks 
another day without cell phone service   sprint what the fuck? get that tower back up or something 
life is good my friends 
"just tore up a five mile race in <propfirst>  3rd place overall, 1st in the age group 19-24  there were parts of the course that had over a foot of snow!"
the middle of the week   it's all down hill from here 
crisis averted 
this whole snow day off thing is really working out for me 
"this week is just a whirlwind of stuff moving and c<propfemale>ing  exams, paper, and transmission  just gotta <propfemale> in there until the end of the week "
the hardest day is over  easy day tomorrow and friday  then hopefully home if my truck is fixed 
goin home!
home is quiet  quiet is good 
taxes and fafsa done  getting a pretty good chunk from both 
dumped some serious cash on a new set of cammies and boots  e playful enses pile up again 
"you know that feeling you get when an exam gets canceled tomorrow? oh yeah, i do "
this week is pretty easy  too easy    
that's why i say hey man nice shot 
"good fight, good night   "
run far and run fast
got chased by a crazy leprechaun with a hammer around the diag this morning  weird 
sometimes man    sometimes    
got no choice anyway  hiyatt!
decimate the weak!
back to the final push for endurance  rest week next week  10 days left 
"when there is no choice, it becomes very clear what you have to do "
"bad day, fuck "
"even though i do it all the time, it is still pretty cool to watch the sun go up "
a restful saturday  this weekend is going to be a calm one 
gotta stretch that money!
"so, uh, three more days until i turn 21  no big deal or anything, just sayin "
gotta keep an iron grip on my money for a while  2 days remain 
"really busy day, but that's fine i'll be 21 in about ten hours "
happy 21! lol
