59c78c6e5612dbadba60811899bb7cbb
he who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man
he who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man  - avenged sevenfold
fake and gay!
"hey bro, your cruisin for a bruisin "
<propfirst> clausen       my nigga!!!!
we are young we have heart born in this world as it all falls apart  we are strong but we dont belong born in this world as it all falls apart - hollywood undead
fight for who you like  die for the ones you love 
whats on your mind monkey butt?
you know oh nothing like running threw <propfemale> litter while playing baseball  haha or falling in a giant litter box!
what are the chances of being hit by a batarang? lets ask the joker smile 
benchin 160 still havent maxed out yet but gettin close!!!
wanna hear a rap?
"well here is the rap\idk if all boy scouts are gay\they can probably tie the knot in like 50 diffrerent ways-bo burnham"
shippin up to boston!!!
"pantera, one of many awesome bands   another well none other than metallica "
ok i cant say that you are fake and gay  so you are misleading and bisexual 
hey bor your cruisin for a bruisin!
hey bro your cruisin for a bruisin!
ninja babies!?!?!?!
how has this come to be?! we're out to early!-a7x with the rev
destroy everything! destroy everything! destroy everything! cleanse what makes us weak!- hatebreed
"if you were dead or still alive, i dont care, all things you left behind, i dont care - three days grace "
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes  hate in my heart, love in my mind  seen nights full of pain - lil <propmale>"
big o sophomore boys!
sherbert mmmmmm  smile 
"you keep the sun shine, save me the rain "
have you ever felt the sudden feeling to just go     punch a baby?
football wasnt have as bad as e playful ected!!!!! pretty jacked for d tomorrow!!!!
the defintion for the verb cheims- to do or to act as if  like cheims and do what he could possibly do  and yes my nickname is a verb  lmao
"i've had enough it's time for something real, i don't respect the words you speak they've gone too far - avenged sevenfold- critical acclaim"
awesome way to start the week with a win and especially at home against knox  i did my part and so did everyone else  watch out redskins we comin for ya friday night!
ahhhh tits!!!!1
"god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy "
hey uh i think your box is a little soagy 
did you eat a bowl of stupid this morning?!
is it necessary for me to jump into a river thing to get my sandal  i think so  lmao
leeeeeerrrrrroooooyyyyyyyyy jjjjeeeeennnnnkkinnnnsssss!
what the hell boise st 
how did we meet? copy this to your status and see who remembers   playful 
"if i came to your door with blood on my clothes,scratches on my face,with a heavy trash bag,and shovels what would you do?leave comments below "
this is an a-b conversation so you should c your way out of it before d jumps over e and beats the f outta you   smile 
what if a bunch of punk kids go into a <propmale> and strap a bullet proof vest to a bear? then what do you got? invincible bear!
"\ you can see me?!\"""""
i was all like <propmale> rivers!
do i have to spell this our for you? lmao happy thanksgiving   smile 
<propfemale> nevil     are you watching spanktravision?
i forgot how to tie a tie     balls!!!!!
anyone wanna go sledding?
2 sleds but no one to sled with     
sledding anyone?
bang your head!!!!!! metal health will drive ya mad!!!!
fried bolony samiches are possibly the greatess invention   smile 
one more day then winterball!!!!!!
possibly the greatest night last night 
meet me in the mall its going down 
i'm gonna move into the country so i can eat a lot of peaches 
how about them bears?  smile 
hhow do i live without the ones i love  time still turns the pages of the book is burned  place and time is always on my mind i had so much to say but you
hr so far away 
why dont you shave your balls you <propfirst> old fart! lol
no school oh yeah 
well i have nothing else better to do other that play call of duty and talk to my amazing girlfriend  all in all sounds like a good day to me   smile 
this sticker big and inconvient but i do love fig <propmale>'s 
watchin boys of fall 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dont you wanna stay here a little while? hold each other tight dont you wanna fall asleep with me tonight?
wish i knew    sad 
"kody- stupid stupid noober tubers!!\\litttle does he know he is a noob himself!!!! lol"
if i sneeze one more time         
we put liquid paper on a ladybug and it    died   smile 
what do ya got? invincible bears      
she is a nice lady!!!!!
<propfemale> edelmaier= the most amazing girl ever   smile )
greenbean casserole=best food ever made   smile 
"i told you bro, i rode the jet skis in cabo brosephman!"
"is currently lost on revis island, please leave a message after the tone "
balled it up with <propfirst> <propmale> kills big time  lol
"its been 2 years, it really doesn't feel that long ago we were watching the steelers and the cardinals and you wanting the cardinals to win  love and miss you grandpa "
"<propfemale> <propfemale> edelmaier=the peanut butter to my jelly, and the butter to my bread   smile "
courage is the ability to overcome fear 
life is about how you take it  you can take it on the <propfemale> and keep your head up and keep going or you can just mope and whine about it 
tired     
she said ill walk let go of my hand  right now i'm hurt and you don't understand  just leave don't worry i'll walk 
