4320a6cd2803717c9b9c050994373dbe
"just got back from delaware, cape henlopin"
is enjoying some left over fruit tart from yesterday  laugh  yum!
"is having a very successful day, possibly found a job that works with my scheduel, had a hectic morning, made it onto the weapon line in gaurd, beat up my arm with the saber, and i now have a new thing to be concerned about- not being the weakest link on "
"mummy is moving! so i got to do packing this weekend, between dad and mum this will be number 20 on the count of times moved   laugh "
has had a stoved thumb since thursday and is stuck in a splint  i'm really getting tired of doing two handed tasks one handed  i'm with my <propmale> <propfemale> right now making chocolate waffles! w00t!
"is bored, and feeling tired but doesn't want to go to sleep yet     too early"
i got a <propfemale>  love  only on farmville though  sad   i wish i had a real <propfemale>
whats on you mind?
feels in th mood to sew
"made a skirt, we lsot the football game last night"
"is incredibly beat, this weekends been fun, but long  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
got my senior pics today
has another piglatin <propmale>  yay!  martinsburg band spectacular today 
"i can't wait to go to school tomorrow! ^ ^ cant e playful lain why, just in the mood to go to school  alot of my teachers make the classes really enjoyable for me! like mr  walburns class, debates are uber fun "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
teehee todays been such a funny day  and someone finally e playful lained what the toy soldier thing was 
yay! i made ginerbread cupcake type things that are uber cute looking! ready for miss match day tomorrow  laugh 
"kinda tired, today wasn't worth it"
holy crap today was confusing  pep rallies   annoyed   really really energy consuming 
just won a yatzee game  laugh 
rawrrrrr!!!!!! i feel energetic today   smile 
"is sad because she can't find her camel <propfemale>, lost it some time after third quarter  : ( its so silent without my <propfemale>"
found a replacement <propfemale> 
feels like playing ddr
loves cooking ^ ^
"really hates tuesdays, thier the worst day of the week "
is feeling energetic and creative and just finished making a batch of no-bake cookies
is getting irritated with her mp3 player tha has a cracked screen       ergh 
"163 peices of fudge later        holy pop sicle sticks i made alot of fudge!! well, i guess its not a bad thing, <propfirst> will be happy at the least, well if there are left overs  smile "
"facebook doesn't seem to be working right, especially with chat"
happy thankgiving everybody  smile 
"is back home for the night, off to <propfirst>'s in the morning"
"i give up!!! facebook chat is being rediculous, good night "
"loves thursdays! today's been wonderful, everytime i'd get irritated a little, i'd just hop right back within minutes and feel uber better"
"tonights nearing an end, but tomorrow brings light, a light that always fills my heart with warmth  i shall prevail over this black ocean"
just helped <propfemale> gut and drag two deer back to the house  it was neat  ^ ^
i  love  snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"just had an interesting day, fainted this morning after cutting my finger and part of my fingernail with a little saw, squished, cooked and spread deer brains over a hide, then <propmale> out with <propmale> for the afternoon, and on the way back got stuck in a traffic back up from a car crash "
just got back to mum's from mema's and papap's
facebook chat's being blechy again
thats it! computers are against me!! i give up on the coby music player
"two hour delay! horray! except now i can't make much use of it, to late to try and go to sleep    already ready to catch he bus    ah well, i can sit and enjoy part of my book and some yummy tea "
"just got back from walking to zen's!!! i've got my aerobics for today   smile   we got our internet back  we aren't going to get plowed out for a while, theres a tree in our road"
is shuting down for a bit
pomegranate tea tastes really good with a little <propfemale> ^ ^
"too many questions in my head for such a time at night, zzzzzzz"
i just finished a really wonderful book!!! city of bones is its title
"sneaky little kichten mitten had a hole in it, now i've got a burn to deal with  sad  oh wellz"
wonder if i could make pizzelles with <propfemale> instead of sugar    it'd taste alot different
"lol, so uber funny when an old friend comes over to visit, then tries to back out of your drive way and ends up stuck in the snow, and hits a tree  can you guess who? he graduated last year "
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile  smile  please play along and repost this as your status """
just finished city of ashes! <propmale> hangers are so irritating when you don't have the next book    we'll see if the school library is of any use with this matter 
why is it that craddling a little baby and feeding him her a bottle of milk until he she falls asleep always makes me nearly fall asleep to the piont where i'm fighting to keep my eyes open? just finished putting the brothers to bed a little while ago  zzzzzzz
"the warm breeze of spring brings a carefree smile  carefree enough to want to lay outside and find figures in the clouds, or count all the stars in the night "
already time for the book & bed combo  night night all
good morning! time to get ready for gaurd and such  hope all of you have a good day ^ ^
some of the adverttisements to the side are fairly odd  
"we got third out of thirteen! and we went up 11 pionts, from a 73 to an 84!!! oh my gosh i'm so happy, we got to walk the red carpet and we got metals, i'm going to miss gaurd  annoyed "
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  on your mark   get set   go   i'm paying attention
"why are everyones posts not in orrder from when they happened, an hour ago, 41 minutes ago, 29 mins ago, 3 hours ago, posted yesterday, 16 hours ago, 6 hours ago    what the heck"
"just told <propfemale> about swiper the fox from <propfemale> the e playful lorer and she replies \thats retarded\"" she thought i had said \""swiper nose wiping!\"""""
we got our first egg from our chicken couple ^ ^
got her hair died and got a une playful ected hair cut from <propfemale>!
"uber fun prom and such, now time for sleep zzzzzz "
"you know, its really frustrated not being able to sleep well, too much on the mind, but its nice to hear dad waking me up in the morning saying come eat breakfast, the smell of blueberry pancakes and the surround sound playing some fun easy going music"
"zzzzzzzzz, why is it that everyone i've talked to only has one maby two graduation practices if any and we have a total of five and a step up day that we're required to attend? its as if they fear we don't know how to walk, sit, and reckognize our own name when its called  1-3 practices i can easily understand, but five, and in a way six with the whole step up day stuff "
i have a car now?!
i'm the only one awake in this house
from a little netbook to a big compaq laptop
gotta love running around in the rain
"little sister fell asleep on the couch waiting for a movie to rewind      how adorable, i've nearly forgotten my frustration with her "
back in hedgesville
"watching the chickens strut around on the porch, while indigo lies down infront of the door whining and watching them  poor dog "
really hates allergies
google is amusing today  smile 
sleeeepy me       night night  zzzzzz
i'm one step closer to a job!! i've got a phone interview at 2 smile 0 this afternoon!!! thank you <propfirst>!!  laugh 
"look out world, i'm hitting the road!"
"it's\love my sister week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped\your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered\you up and kept you strong, post this  a sister is a friend forever \put this on your status if you have an amazing sister! i love you <propfirst> & <propfemale>! i miss you  love "
i can't wait to see <propfirst> today  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
we're going to leave these hills in the dust!!! off to the bike(mobile)!
"i wish i were could at jump rope, then i'd go jump roping down my rode instead of walking i think  "
happy thanksgiing everyone
off to waffle house in a bit  its hard to remember its thanksgiving when i'm not in a car traveling three house to see family and eat foods
ho mi god <propfirst>!!?!?!?!  love  love  love  love 
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!! hope you are all well, with loved ones, and having a great time together!  love "
"about to leave for cumberland  smile  can't wait to see you <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and mum!!!"
"had a wonderful day out with the rest of the quartet, love you oodles baker, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>!!!!  love  a very <propfemale> day"
huston we might have a problem
harrah!!! i am now am official driver of the car infested world!!!
i think i'm going to name my car <propfemale>  
"i just heard one of the funniest things ever, my little brother making a horse noise "
<propfemale> is registered!! the time comes tomorrow for her first voyage! hurray for a bit of independance!
buggers to you <propfemale>!!!!
"arghhhhhh!!!! so much energy, i need to tackle someone > smile "
off to work now
am i down because i'm tired or has it just been a bad day?
you know sometimes i wonder if dr  steel's back and forth song was talking about ddr
"baby, its cold outside!"
go people who hate football!!
"just microwaved some coffee i got from 7 11 and pulled it out, and suddenly the scent reminded me of grossmama and grosspapa's kitchen in the morning   how strange "
ajax smells like clean linen
eyes at half mast  time to sleep  good night     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
my tummy's got the rumblies    (that only hands can satisfy)
"alright, sleepytime tea, then bed"
"i've slept a bunch, why am i still tired   "
"let's see how creative my face book friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy, that's no fun "
"i miss the sunlight, hurry up spring!!"
home canned peaches with a little half and half  love 
"climb over one mountain, only to see another before you, and when you reach the top of the highest mountain in your path, you'll realise that is all your path is  mountians"
9-7 shift= very confused me the next day    my internal clock feels like its spinning round quickly while falling down <propfemale>'s rabbit hole 
it is such a gorgeous day outside!!!!  smile 
oh my god  todays a shorts day!!!
we have five channels    how did this happen?!
"today    hm    today feels like a baking cooking day  but what wonderful sweets to bake, no bake cookies or pizzelles?"
something about today     i dont think the day will be well
time to go to bed  good night
"started st  <propfirst>'s day by delivering dulche's babies, two boys goats! kids are so cute  love "
