10c339cd2be59e62b1ddd94f48497090
happy new years ppls!! i have a feeling this yrs gonna be better im already crossing my fingers!!!  smile 
its hot
"this has been the craziest 2 weeks of my life <propfemale> far, but like they said things could only get better now"
watch'd eclipse last night and <propmale> was super hot!!!
happy 4th of july peoples!!!!! time for some firework!!!
damn that was the best 4th of july ive ever had!! i got hit by 2 bottle rockets and i wasnt even in the war
i need choclate!!!!!!  laugh 
ive got jobs from left to right!!! busy schedule
i cant wait til sunday!!!!!! baking in the sun and relaxation by the pool  smile 
awww four more days til my lil bro leaves to bootcamp      sad  take care bro ill see u tuesday!
awwww my bro left today    sad  he's all grown up now
i just got done wit my interview!!! all i nid is step 3 the drug test and back around test and then im in!! nowhere left to go but up!!
why do they tell you to not talk to strangers when everyone you first meet is a stranger????
i just got the call       ive got the job!!!!!!!!!!!  playful  i start on the 23           smile  all i nid is a car   almost there!!!!!!!
i cant sleep!!!!!  smile  somebody help me!!! hahaha lol
i feel like theres never enuf time for anything even if u plan it     
the cutes song ever!!! perfect two by auburn     i love it  smile 
its <propfemale> hot and humid!!! aahhh tell the sun to go away!! lol
watching lord of the rings the fellowship!! i love this movie!!!!!!!  smile 
i think i broke my ipod        sad 
my ipod is fix!!!!! yay!!! at southpoint going bowling!!!
in cali!!!! yay!!! it smells like rain and the weather is sooo nice!
just got home from cali     i already miss it there
ahhhhhh 4 more days til i start working again     i dont think im ready    haha jkjkjk ofcourse i am!!  smile 
is it a poke war right now???? im being poke bak and forth!! hahaha  smile 
i nid a vacation!!!! c:
my tummy is talking to me!!!
ahhh 3 more days    im getting nervous   
watching <propfemale> and khole take miami    this show i sooo addicting but i love it!!  smile 
ahhhh its hot!!! im start driving in my bikini!! hahaha jkjk
just got done playing madden 2010 idk wat happend but all i knw is i won!!!  smile  dam im on a good one!!!!!  smile  nighty night!!
i cudnt sleep keep waking up evry 30mins
about to go to work!! jkjk its just bbysitting     i havent bbysat in a while but i shud be oky!!!
im bored the kids r asleep and im watching suite life on deck     and i still have 5 more hrs left
ahhhh im falling asleep    sad 
omgoodness just one more month and its my bday!!!! better get my presents ready!!! haha jkjk x)
home at last!!  smile  i have a feeling tomorrows gonna be a lonnnnnggg day i can feel it already      
at the school on a good one now at home playing posio does idk wats going on!!!!
whhhhhyyyyyy!!!!!! this is toooo much         sad 
"1st day of work tomorrow!!!!! and then bak to school nxt week!! excited, happy, and nervous!!! i wonder how my schedules gonna end up like????"
ahhhh work was awwwwwsome!!!! i love my new job!!  smile 
i knew this was going to be a busy week     off to work soon!!! but it means 8 and half hrs witout my fone!!!! noooooooo!! hahahah x)
just got off work!! i found out that by the end of the week were gonna have homework for work and its gonna be to play the new playstations were about to get!!! ahhhh i love this job!! x)
i dont wanna grow up!!!!! hahahah
home from a hard day of work    not even!!  smile  co-workers gave me a new nickname!! and its lipalious!!! i love it!! hahaha
yay!!!! todays my friday!!! well ppls off to work now!! laters x)
ohhhh my gosh!!!! its a small world         
at subway!! yumm yumm!!  smile 
ahhhhh schools gonna start on monday       
listening to the beatles    im bored      
ohhh my goodness the weather is soooooo nice it feels like cali!!!!
yummmm ice cream at the park the perfect way too end the day!!!!  smile ))
uhhhhh waiting for class to start    was i suppose to bring something???? ohh well wish me luck!!! haha school gotta love it
ohh my goodness ppls its freezing out here   
well ppls i bid u a gudnight cuz ive gotta busy schedule!! laters
i hate waking up 10mins b4 my alarm     im be tired tonight thats forsure     off to school!!  smile 
out of class nxt is work    3day weekend coming up!! yay  smile 
hey ppls on break im bored    craming in tooo much knowledge right now nid a advil!! ahhhh
awwww its getting hot again      sad  off to school! man im tired     
ohhh my goodness ppls imma be 20 in a few weeks!! yay!! time goes by sooo fast!! off to school in a lil bit   
yay no school tomorrow   i can finally sleep in!!! 22 more days!!!
ahhh im <propfemale> tired i didnt get to sleep in like i wanted to     im bored
yay!! 4 1 2 hrs left today went by fast    
its uber hot right now      sad  i want it to be fall already!!
wohhhh 21 more until my bday!! dam im getting old   3day weekend now wat to do      x)
its sooooo hot im melting   
wot wot at a philippino gathering!!
morning ppls its a nice day outside     hope it doesnt get too hot
<propfirst> <propfirst> i added them did u get it???
yay almost done moving    my body is soooo sore  
i love caramel toffee bites!!! yummmmmmm so so good!!  laugh 
awww my allergies are acting up       sad 
goodmorning ppls   its gonna be a long long day      i think i just heard thunder!!
dam wat class was i suppose to take today?? ahahha oh well    wish me luck!  smile 
ahhhh dam the dmv has a <propfirst> wrapped all around the building    woke up super early for nothing      sad 
time for work talk to u ppls laters!!! im tired     
at the dmv in henderson    i just saw a <propmale> look alike from true blood    
out for a run    but dam im out of shape     sad 
asian bondage going down!!! hahaha  fasa!!
dam wat a day    im tried    
wow 13 more days til my birthday    goodbye to the teens!!  laugh 
is eating carne asada frys wit horchata   ummm my favorite!!!  laugh d
work from 10-7 today    missing school  sad 
at work playing playstation    life is good!! hahaaha  smile 
im bored    waiting for tomorrow to come    annoyed \
my schedule is such a mess     its driving me crazy     sad 
dam i definitly cant keep up wit my schedule    ive got <propmale> migranes right now     sad 
trying to relax and watching letters to <propfemale>!!! i love this movie!!  smile 
today was a loooonng saturday!! love it!! i dont wanna go to work tomorrow    
dam i think its stupid driving day in less than 5mins ive ran into 3 of them    
dam wat a schedule i hardly have time to breathe    
it feels soooo nice this morning  a nice cold breeze while im running    hope it lasts all day!!  smile 
2 more days til the teen is gone      ahhh good times ohhh well   future here i come!!!  smile 
dam this homework is hard but im half way done      but im not even sure if its right   ohhh well i still have time to change it til monday morning!
well ppls imma get some shut eye    imma wake up 20!! wowoooowwohh do i have to take the responsiblities!?!!?! hahaha
thanks for all the birthday greets and <propfemale> now i e playful ect my gifts to be at my door by the time i wake up tomorrow!! hahaha jkjk nihty night ppls imma go crash now this has been a trying week    c=
i was told by some ppl that at time i look 17 or 18 and other times look like im 22 or 23    and then some tell me i sound like im 16 and other times sound too mature for my age    ?!?!? ppl are sooo confusing and now i dont knw whether to accept it as an insult or thank them??
dam i think i failed this weeks hw assignment      annoyed  ohhhh well ill have to see in 30mins
i need to wake up    these energy drinks rilly dont woke on me any more and i havent drank them in a while and its still not working       annoyed 
i feel like im running out of time but its only 11      is it suppose to feel that way
is spending time wit the family  ive been missing my ppls  i love my fam!!
hangovers sux    
i feel soooo out of it idk y tho      sad 
the weather is soooooo nice   i dont wanna go to work  sad  ohh well off to work ppls
awww i broke a nail!
it is freezing out here     i love it!!! can someone cut the power so i dont have to go bak to work!!! please!!  smile )))
i like it on the chair!!  smile 
i think i might get a hair cut     
karaoke wit the fam any song request?? hahaha
i like it on the bookshelf!
well ppls off to school i go!!
at work eating bbq   man they spoil us here!! i love my job   i just dont wanna work!! hahahaha
*sign* 4 more hours of work      its feels like forever    i need longer days off
i hate hw      sad 
i feel yucky      playful  called out of work today  i think i need 2 bottles of nightquil
it feels like there hardly any ppl out today    guess the thunder storm is keeping ppl in
the were playing <propfemale> girl on the radio i havent heard this song in forever!
gotta start practing my vocals cuz imma be the grudge!!  smile 
im tried      need some sleep!!!!
happy halloween ppls!!! dont have too much <propfemale>!!!
got some good pics last night ill be posting them laters!!  smile 
i was told i look pretty!!  smile  that made my day!!!  smile 
oky <propfemale> im at the dmv wit my cuzn and were just sitting there waiting for her number to be call <propfemale> a guy comes up to us asking us- his son was asked to be a girls secourt to the debutaunt ball and asked us if his son shud pay and then he bought up how he use to be an secourt for girls and he wud have the girls pay him      wat a day  
ive recently decided that that i dont like my sched any more i cant even go out anymore cuz i have to wake up early and its gonna get worse cuz soon ill have to start going to work even earlier       sad 
i wanna runaway to a place where no one can find me for at least one day    i never have time to do my own thing anymore       i need a long vacation!!!
"she e playful losive im not afraid to let her know, i love a girl with attitude!! cookie cutter!! i love this song"
i was told i looked like the typical asian but once they really got to me    they told me a tear just ran down their face   hahaha
im soooo tired oky so i went to sleep kinda early so tell me why 12 smile 3am i hear a knock on my door and no one was there   after that i could get back to sleep til 3am and i had to go to work at 6am     i wanna nap already   
is watching waiting
im bored     im cutting my on split ends im tooo afraid my hairs gonna be butched!!
just finished helpping my little sister with her project  she had to make a snowman project and its full of my old <propfemale> things i miss being a kid    
ahhhhh i dont wanna go to class my presentations due and i hate presenting      hope no one comes so im talking to myself!!! hahahahha i can only wish!  smile 
the whole family is gonna be complete this weekend!!! yay be careful on the road bro see u soon
my weekend begins!!! <propfemale> much to do so many ppl to see
(sigh) i only got 3 hrs of sleep and i dont even have to do anything this morning     i miss sleeping in and to top it off i only got 5hrs of sleep the night before and woke up 5 in the morning and just end up watching sponge <propmale> but this morning i got to wake up at 7 smile 0 but still wishing i cud sleep in     ahhhhh i miss sleep
is watching titanic    its freezing today
im scared im about to get my hair cut       
i just realized that both my grandmother's birthday is on christmas     
<propfemale> christmas ppl dont drink toooo much eggnog!!  smile )))
awwww i dont wanna go to work      annoyed \ hope it goes by fast
watching the rugrats while getting ready for work!!! that love this show 
its <propfemale> lonely now that the cuzns are gone      sad 
today was a good day!!!! just wish it would of lasted longer       one day off is not cutting it   hope the my schedule goes back to normal soon
"im sorry guys ill post the pictures later i havent have time to, ill do it today forsure!!  smile "
yay     all the pics are up loaded    now just gotta tag evryone  
ohhh my gosh there is sooooo much to do but i just wanna stay home and watch movies!!
ohhhhhh my goodness      today first day of school just kicked my butt    night night ppls  smile 
ohhhhhh my goodness      today first day of school just kicked my butt    8hrs of work and 4 1 2 hrs of school(suppose to be 5 1 2 but got an early out of class) night night ppls  smile 
im in love wit the swan <propfemale>!!  smile 
<propfemale> just had her random out bust of the day    she go into my arms and just started howling!! hahaha i love this dog
time for philosophy!!! then <propmale>    then back to work i hate my tuesdays      i wish my schedule would change already
yah i got my ps3 today!!!  smile 
ohhhh my goshhhhhhh my <propmale> teachers talking about <propmale> now im fallking asleep       
awww wat a nice day!!!! just dropped of my sister to work and had nothing to do sooo now im at petsmart     pretty fishies!!!  smile 
ppl are funny    a lady get got back from shopping and is yelling at her dog cuz it pooped in the car     ppl if ur gonna go shopping dont take ur dog
yay!!!! brand new vizio tv to go with my ps3!!  smile  now imma be a bum and watch movies the rest of the day
at first friday wit sister and her friends
back in the day      i miss thoughs days     
why is it that we let ourselves get hurt the most by the one we love most     but then when someone we know or dont even know does the same thing we can fight it or it doesnt rilly matter?
"give a little, take a little thats all we really want!!!"
someone remind me why im going to school again       ohhh yah the career  
ill be you're <propfirst> if you'll be mines!!!!!  smile 
i want me a fireman!!! anyone knw any!! hahah  smile )))
at western trail park with <propfemale>!!! working on my tan and shes having a blast!!
htc evo    here i come!!  smile 
why does evrything happen so fast?? just when you think its tym for a breather out comes something else that slaps you on the face     or right when you think evrythings going your way      it doesnt happen       i just remember cus thats life     =pp
guys r funny    oky so i checking the liquids on my car one of the neighbors drive by and cudnt take hes eyes off me    is it that shocking a girl knows how to take care of a car!?!?  smile ))
im feeling better from this sickness maybe one more day of the meds will do  
ahhhhh they let gnaecus free    
fresh cut grass at the park    <propfemale>'s loving it!!
yahhhh! just got my new fone i'm in love with it!! smile ))
 sad (( got sent home early this sickness is a roller coaster    i thot it would be over with already  sad ( nap time
yaaaay!!!! my volleyball brusies are going away    if only this sickness would do the same  annoyed   
once again the schedule is changing      3-midnight  sad ((( when will i ever have a set schedule!!??!
once again the schedule is changing      3-midnight  sad ((( when will i ever have a set schedule!!??!
spending time wit the mother hasn't done this in the longest time
<propmale> is the sexiesgt man alive !!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiesgt man alive !!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiesgt man alive !!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiest man alive !!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiest man alive !!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiest man alive !!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiest man alive!!!!!!!!!
<propmale> is the sexiest man alive!!!!!!!!!
i pleasure myself to <propmale> sanchez!!!!!
i pleasure myself to <propmale> sanchez!!!!!
i pleasure myself to <propmale> sanchez!!!!!
i pleasure myself to <propmale> sanchez!!!!!
watching the lion <propmale>      i love my disney movies!!!
piking up my lil sis from school and i swear these kids keep getting shorter each yr
