49680a4c341e23126dffcc4d5d1867da
happy new year!
is back to stay
time to downsize
the people i live with are little fuckers   take it as u will 
would rather be thrown under a bus   
happy easter everyone!
"the tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so  long to begin it  ~w  m  <propfirst>"
at the circus   
just got new glasses!! woot woot!
is @ the vcu block partay all day 
zoolander love it 
is tired of the same ol thing 
is kinda bored  maybe i'll learn a few songs on the guitar   any sugestions?
"dont want to be here, at all  (school)"
"just got the last copy of \water for elephants\"" at b & n   not looking forward to this mandatory read """
"has sooo much crap that needs to get done, but most of it wont "
skiping kempf to <propfemale> with fretwell  sounds like a plan!
if you're talking to me and i dont respond  i'm not ignoring you but participating in the day of silence 
"don't use today as a way to mess with people being silent  dont sit around and try and make them talk  instead, respect them  take into consideration why they we are silent, and respect it whether you agree or not  just respect it!"
"   when i get that feeling, i want sexual healing   is something thats good for me   "
hate it when my phone falls between the seat of the car and my hand wont fit to retrieve it!
"won't be at prom, or post prom for that matter  not complaining either  but hope that the ones that do indeed attend have a good time!"
at a womans convention   no bueno 
who is the idiot that spills hot coffee on their white shorts? <propfirst> brown 
"just wants to curl up in her nice, warm, dry bed, and sleep "
"i have so many things to say, i jist can seem to the find order "
"as it tunrs out, i just dont give a fuck!"
"if you faild to attend the theatrical productions tonight, your loss  but you have two chances left to redeem yourself  also, great job to those that were in all three plays!"
"kinda dont want to disect a brain today, nor do i want to go to kempfs class, nor did i do the take home quiz for jt english  oh well "
disect a sheep brain then lunch  i think i may skip lunch today   
and now what am i suppose to do with this new found time after school all next week   
to all that have done me wrong- i forgive you  to all that i have done wrong- forgive me 
"any sen10r's going to the lake (field trip), that want to give me a ride?"
still @ school  fml
can't a girl get a decent example of a caring mother figure? god freaking damn 
just got home from school! fml
looks like i'll be at school til 11 again tonight  no bueno!
who just got home from school? <propfirst> just got home from school  fml
"more so than not, i find myself wondering: \what was i thinking!\"" now is one of those times   """
should probably start to study for the <propfirst> <propfirst> anatomy exam i have to take tomorrow   
"yea, so my phone grew legs and ran away  fantabulus!"
finally has a phone!
new phone  no <propfirst>  text me ur first name and last initial   
got a new phone  message me your number 
used to rule the world 
"the spicegirls blaring on the radio    tell me what you want, what you really really want   "
no more theater class with mama fret     sad 
i've had the time of my life and i owe it all to you!  wink 
it means no worries for the rest of your days   
so happy school is offically over!
"watching <propfemale> schriner run into a wall (intentionally) chest first, then moo like a cow until her face turnded red    it was a great last day!"
"sen10r field trip to busch gardens   now that my friend, that was a good time "
baccalaureate    
just counting down the days 
"because this hate, is f*cking real "
just got a car!!!!! woot woot!
"just because you raise your voice doesn't mean people are actually listening to you, nor does it mean they care, or that you \won\"" the argument   """
is asking for something she will never have   
is fighting a war that she can't win 
in suffolk for a week   
vanilla flavored tootsie rolls= orgasmic   
toy story 3  what more is there to say!?
homemade blueberry pie (berries picked from the backyard too)   yumm!
"\should a death come so that new found knowledge and understanding may be gained?\"""""
umm    the appartment is litterally flooding thanks to some idiot in the room above me  this is going to be a looonnnggg night 
i just refuse to be judged as the people who've defined me before i had a say   
"take me out tonight, because i want to see people and i want to see lights   "
"finally got most of my vcu forms and what not done, but have so many left   "
off to get more college stuff 
"not a worry in the world, life is good today  smile "
just saw rent at the firehouse theatre in downtown richmond  amazing!
orientation today and tomorrow   woot 
"still awake, just another sleepless night "
<propfirst> brown is producing a radio show!? whaattt?
the weepies  smile 
shower then packing for nyc 
"watced the sun rise, on the way to new york"
finally made it to <propfemale>  still got some ways til new york 
hello new york!
"stuck in a hotel room, in new york city, the day before my birthday  what more could a girl ask for?   sad "
chillin in new york with the fam  today is a good day 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
"back in va, <propfemale> and <propfemale> tonite  smile "
sleeping on a sofa is really starting to catch up with me 
"carpe diem  seize the day boys, make your life extraordinary!"
"i'm just running from today, but no matter how hard i try or how fast i run  i can not escape the events of today, nor can i act as though they never happened "
so bored  if you want to chill text 
getting ready for move in in a hour 
the deed is done 
is about to snatch a bitch 
"sept \ 5 - 11 is national suicide prevention week  suicide is the third most \common cause of death for 18 - 24 year olds  on, wednesday, september \8th (tomorrow) , write (or paint, color, draw) the word \love\"" on your forearm (doesn't matter which) as a \",49680a4c341e23126dffcc4d5d1867da,"watching toy story with <propfemale> zwirner, <propfemale> escobar, <propfemale> claiborne and <propfirst> austria- fun time "
   my fingers hurt   
"english class is canceled today! only 2 classes today, done at 2! woot"
"hates math, to a whole new extent    "
i'm sorry but not everything has to do with you 
my pigeon poop is your pot of gold   
you make me smile 
"shoot <propfemale>, shoot!"
"just when we thought it was over, we realized it is just beginning- oh dorm living- this is going to be a long week weekend  did i mention we have fuzzy creatures eating our food   that's is not even the half of it "
mmmm  hot chocolate on a chill night  lovin it!
midterm exam postponed! there is a god!
"run and tell that homeboy, home home homeboy   "
curse you damn drummers down the street! really!? you have been drumming since 6! go home!
really!? again with the drumming!- must i tell you twice! go home!
life is way to short
"dear math:it's not me, it's you  i hate you with a grand passion, it would be great if you would remove yourself from my life   completely  it's over "
this paper     no bueno    
"yeah, um    there is a mouse (yea mouse) in my flipping dorm room  it's cute and all, but its gots to go!"
who ever thought that scheduling an exam at 8am was a good idea   should be slapped   twice!
"think i'm going for a walk now, feel a little unsteady  don't want nobody to follow me, except maybe you  i could make you happy, you know, if you weren't already  i could do a lot of things, and i do "
treat her like a lady  smile 
curse you damn drummers across the street! you have been out there since yesterday  either play a different beat or go home!!
you know what they say about the young  wink 
 smile 
