949c74e48ba91f7e294bd47aa5a2580f
just got back in from playing street football
i like watching potatoes boil  its all foaming at the top like a little cloud thingy
"brb, shower"
night all
"there you go, garrett   the dude singing with the sunglasses is bono"
don'tget your panties in a twist! nothing is solved and it justs makes you walk funny!
you like the u2 song <propmale>?
its gay
im gonna ignore the science project and hope it goes away  smile 
i have swine flu   lol  only me
<propmale> do you have swine flu too? <propmale> gallagher
yay me
lol if im gonna be assassinated by an umbrella-wielding hitman that shoots pellets full of ricin poison   i gotta survive swine flu first  smile 
going back to school tomorrow  doc has me on like 5 medications  smile 
time to take my medicines  *gag*
bored
lol i love arkansas for destroying aggies    love     go lsu! beat florida and make texas #1!
you're welcome for spamming   smile  lol
happy birthday <propfirst>!
feels sorry for <propmale>
dude omfg facebook can be in arabic!
wildcats are against laredo - nixon tonight! go cats!
buffalo bills vs  new york jets was awesome    13-13 ot with buffalo winning!
hook em horns still undefeated!!
did we have to do that review for writing for homework?
omg
angels win!!!!! boo yankees!
is trying to figure out how to create a brochure on neurotransmitters   
besides the time you lost      smile 
"lol, i got <propmale> to talk like 5 times! yay!"
crazy hat day everyone! wear a hat 
weekend!!! college football time!
"wow, this is almost exactly like twitter    "
phillies won 8-6! go phillies!
colt mccoy lost the heisman    again     sad 
let's go tcu!!
and the horns are back in it! hook 'em!!!!!
<propfemale> tompkins happy birthday!
yo u tube http annoyed  0x5365103c maintube 
yo u tube http annoyed  lekishiaothrow blogspot com 
yo u tube http annoyed  3629277551 publicdvd 
"sorry guys, don't open the stupid links i send you, somehow i got a virus"
yo u tube http annoyed  3633716333 comicfilm 
