7f30b570b0469fb75352c5f830cf2e18
ucla  smile 
it's my parent’s 39th wedding anniversary today!!! love you mom and dad!!!  smile 
phi theta kappa meeting out on the quad tomorrow!!! see you there!  smile 
heck yess! i am done!!! i felt so nostalgic walking down the school quad for the last time    damn! it felt <propfemale> good!!!  smile 
i love ucla!!!
going home tomorrow      smile 
gosh! sometimes i really hate san bernardino! (-_-')
working on my car!  smile 
"went to the driving range with my dad on monday   it was awesome and hilarious! my dad was awesome like always! i think i didn't do too bad for not playing for more than a year and a half  still need to work on my swing, but was able to consistently hit around 250yards   smile "
ahhh!!! so tired! but i must finish studying     (-_-')
i am stuck in the spiral of doom  help!  (0_0')
gosh! my bumm hurts from sitting down and studying this past week  i need give my booty a rest and stretch     lol
umm     so i woke up early in the morning to study for my final today and there was this man standing on my balcony! it scared the crap out of me! i don't know how he got there  i live on the third floor!  ( 0_0 wink   help!
yea! got good news from the highland engineers today! they said that my parent's house is safe and it won't slide off in a mud slide off the bluff  thank god!
i just got accepted for the internship that i applied for  yay!!!  smile 
"i am cpr certified for adults, children and infants   how cool is that! i can save your life if you stop breathing   smile "
keeping an open mind and hoping that this life event will turn out for the better  life can be so bittersweet   smile 
man! i can't stop smiling  my cheeks are starting to hurt  it is such a great feeling to be a part of something so special   smile 
blah!!! i hate studying for my physics midterm over the three day weekend 
i hate when i am having a good day and then someone just has to kill it  i seems like they purposely wait for moments when you are happy so they can eradicate all happiness like as if it is some kind of disease  (t_t)
"studying for finals while listening to the <propfemale> wars soundtrack  \may the force be with you!\""  lol      smile """
