eb9bc15c9af83e2c8626977e00af7178
"just got up,, bored right now i guess,,"
tryna find somethin to do today 
watching step brothers !! this movie is so funny     boats && hoes lmao !!
damn shit is real; niggas aint shit  cept the one i dealing wit    my son!!!;lol
watching family guy  my fav  show !!! why da hell they had to make the baby gay !!! lmao 
bout to go to take the baby to see his father 
monday is the funday  for me;lolz
"men,, when yall in a realtionship yall lie when yall single,, yall lie  dnt get yall fareal;"
"idk,, hair needs to be done again thnks to somebdy,, not naming!! lmao   all chillz tho"
bday in 2days!!! shit is real!!! lmao bout to be 2o tho!! wats good??
"today is my bday!!   ahahh!! im so happy im finally 20!! shit is real,, dnt know wat ima be doin but ima celebrate the b-day this whole weekend "
thnk yall for shwn love!!
yo!!all <propfemale> friends on facebook!! im having a party for my 2oth bday!! me&&my cuz!! dec4th@ millcreek frm9pm-2am 42nd&chesnut ave  there
yo!!all <propfemale> friends on facebook!! im having a party for my 2oth bday!! me&&my cuz!! dec4th@ millcreek frm9pm-2am 42nd&chesnut ave  be there!!!!!
yo!!all <propfemale> friends on facebook!! im having a party for my 2oth bday!! me&&my cuz!! dec5th@ millcreek frm9pm-2am 42nd&chesnut ave  be there!!!!!
niggas aint shit!!!!!!! ahaha ha!!! its official!! shit is real!
question: if you in a long-term relationship &ur bf gf cheats &trust is hard to regain afta they broke ur heart & you give in to temptation& cheat also should you tell the other person?? even tho they hurt you first??? && be honest 
"finally,, i feel free  now i can breathe easily "
"idk wat imma do today,, this weather fucked up! one day its warm,, the next its windy&&cold as shit- global warmn"
"thinkn bout doin sumthin this weekend,,dnt knw yet"
boredd!! hate bein bored bout to text the bestie &see wats up   
"yup,, i am chilln as of right now  <propfemale> ass is tired but i dnt wanna take <propfemale> sleepy ass to sleep yet,, idky  other that,, im hungry-"
"okay i see now yall gettn emotional like females do, lmao but why must u monitor my <propfemale>!?! there been no we, its just me, i &my son    im a single mom tryna do my thng &this insignificant <propfirst> tryna knock me down  i cannot let that happen"
happy new self to me for the new year ha! wink 
its too many sexy scrumptious looking men thats surfacing to be stuck wit one thats below standard in all categories hahahaha! smile 
"my resolution for the new year is to put myself 2nd(my son alwys come first) &put my happness above, promise myself to never let anybdy or anythng get me down-keep it moving forward  lets drink 2that "
"2011, time to set new goals & new standards "
"ugh! wow,, having night<propfemale>res of christ<propfemale>s night!! was the worst! laughn <propfemale> ass off! missn <propfemale> babydaddy right now,, lolz  but damn!!! i didnt know they had a baby together!!  sad  that was <propfemale> baby is school!! but everybody go down different paths anyways so i cant gaf! but anyways fb,, idk im bored as fuck, sick as fuck, &&horny as fuck!!!!! l<propfemale>o at myself,, i need to go to sleep"
"idk wats up wit yall! im tryna be turned out have him grab me my neck,, sumthin, on my back spread out,, ha!! let me stop, i just love invented sex remix!!"
"hello world,, i like them nasty not them classy boys spread their tongue from my pussy to my ass,,do the whole nine, even the sixty nine!! jp,, im bored right now, wish i was turned out by a nigga tho! lmao"
"u know what i aint gon put nuffin like that up there again ard,, like you said its the new year, so leave the past back then, present in the past & worry bout our future, i cant chnge just only by myself nigga, you gotta chnge too, i feel as tho u not makin any progress yet, maybe u feel the same bout me too but if we in this together then we in this together no matta what!"
"ard im out,, gotta leave like right now"
"niggas play too much,,the dnt learn but i play harder!"
"its ashame what happened down in haiti,hope everybdy ppls dwn there make it out--alive  but other than that, alot of shit has been on my mind-i just hate it when males say females dnt know what we want,yall dnt knw if yall want a girl rly yall dnt give a fuck, long as yall gettn pussy-- some of yall anyway  but i think yall dnt know what the fuck yall want  yall insecure!!"
"ha! im all alone,, home alone-- need i say more???"
"umm you like <propfemale> status but <propfemale> invitation aint gon be open for long,, so let me know somethng now"
"the saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who used to love you  some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go "
"bout to hop off, gotta get ready& go cook  lata fb!!"
"just got up fb!! need to get my hair done!  playful ! dnt knw what to do as of today,, but i'll think of something  i always do,"
"ummph, today friday&then tomorrow saturday,, whats up with the whats up  f i g i !! lmao"
"mood is feeling good, goin to see the babe today,, lolz i guess"
just waiting for next week to come!!
"ugh! its 1 in the morning, why in the hell am i still up?? so restless,, needs something to help me fall back to sleep!  wink "
"damn!! fb be telln everythng you do!ctfu! but its cool, cause im the boss & idk why but when this significant other be gettn on my nerves, i just sit back& wonder like; was i wrong?? were you just supposed to be that way that came & went in my life?? why did i keep you?? tsk  i dnt want to think its because of love either   indecision "
"i feel like doing somethng bad, somethng up to no good  why?? idk i just wanna do somethng cause im bored!! lmao! i aint been on the scene in a <propfemale>! i think they missing me! ;p"
idk bout tomorrow dnt rly give a fuck if whoever gets mad either  read my horoscopes---- thats telln me not to mess with them 
"fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me"
love is a game in which one always cheats 
"sometimes i ask god to show me if im suppossed to be with this person  i think he showed me signs but i wasnt listening, i was too drunk in lust over him "
relationships are like glass   sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together 
"when one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us "
tryna move along and have a good start today 
"yup his birthday is in 2days, so i hope you celebrate ya ass off with or without me  & my friend offered me an invitation to spend the night; picking me up at 8pm  but idk cause its supposed to be a snowstorm &i aint get a bbysitter yet!  surprise  so idk  lmao, im tryna lay low for awhile  i aint tryna get into any trouble    just yet   wink "
"& mikayah thompson we need to go out, get drunk, inhale ms <propfemale>, fuck w  these niggas heads& take their money  tashima cootiequeen thompson know what im talkn bout!! lol"
thinking bout my life term &my long term goals
"wtf! we just had a snowstorm, &now we bout have another one lata on in the evening  this weather is in the way of my plans!!!"
"women flirt to keep their stock high, men to get somewhere "
"damn,, i wish this snow go away!! i need to get out!! not the shawty that stays in the crib!! lmao, ctfu!! i miss u kayah <propmale> ctfu !! we the best!! lolz ;p"
" hmm,, woke up this morning feeling refreshed  mind set content now "
"just got finish updating the twitter  &the myspace  though it seems everybdy checked out of that, lol  i wonder if someone create a new website will everybdy be on it? lolz trends "
"  mmm damn!, my stomach grumbling,, talking to me &shit! lmao! im bout to hop off soon &make me some breakfast!!"
"  why do you make me feel this way,, feeling betrayed, feeling pushed away  why do you make me feel so bad,, feeling so hurt, feeling so sad?? what have i done to make you turn, im feeling so lost, im feeling so burned  if you really cared you'd make a change so i can feel the pleasures &not the pain "
"  missing him! lmao,, idk who the hell \he\"" is i just want some company! its snowing out here shit!!! i was planning on getting my first tatt!! bummer for me!  sad """
" i wish i could rip out a <propfemale> of my memory, cause i put to much energy in him and me  can't wait till i get through this phase, cause it's killing me; too bad we can't re-write our own history"
"  so not wit it,, the bullshit and the games! grow up male species! yes imma put most of yall on the spot cause most of the time yall fuck up& make the good girls go bad, rotten, sour& bitter,, like me!!!"
"  there's always that one person that will always have ya heart , you never seen it coming cause your blinded from the start , knew that your that one for me , its clear for everyone to see, ooh babbee! you will always be my boo!"
" dont know what ima be doin this friday or this weekend, but looking these invites have me contemplating "
"  have you ever loved somebody so much that you was just to blind to see past, all of the pain they was causin' you?  have you ever loved somebody so much that you went against the right things that you should do? then it's time to make a change"
"  boy if i was ya girlfriend , i would let you touch everything that i am "
" idk bout yall, but far as r&b singers that had great voices but went so suddenly, i would love if <propfirst> <propfirst> came back  who would yall like to see come back fb??"
"baby its ashame we gotta go through this , we dont even talk no we dont even kiss , i never would of thought we'd be breaking up like this     but its over now , its over now  everybdy go through shit in realtionships, i know i did, thats why im posting this "
"ok so not all females like  for guys to cum @them like yo shawty with the blue shirt on!, not unless they're libido's gon crazy, &their estrogen level is high! lmao! a grown man wouldnt say, but stimulate you mentally, have mental intercourse with you  i think a grown man would caress ya body lovingly, make love to ya body even if it doesnt belong to him  lol i need to go back to bed! smile "
"  i guess what this nigga put on his status , i was suppossd to give a fuck?? like we dont fuck with each other head , no , you try and dont succeed to fuck with mines' , but me , of course i succeed  so you got ya bitches for the summer , and i got my niggas  when im done, i'll holla! so ily ily that pussy!"
"  mmmmm , the spring's morning breeze is the best      especially after sex smile "
"  i hate people sometimes    i really do  but i look good today got the loveee of my life with me , so hopefully it'll be all good if kayah comes "
"  yea , i had a good ass time today too , now all of a sudden time going slow , its only 11 , but the babe is sleep so      i might call it a night too     and im yawning , lol"
"  the only thing i know how to do well ,   is be myself , after all , there is only one me smile "
"  im at my cousins house! chiliing , chilling , the baby having fun tho!! smile "
"  smh , thee artificial people "
"  & the funny thing is , thee ugliest females have thee biggest ego! now everybdy is a baddd bitch , even the ones that's labeled as muck duck! smh , im not hating im just being real wit it "
"<propmale> massey , ya punk ass! lol ,  smile "
"  this that type of \ sleep in ya bed butt ass naked\"" weather!  smile """
"  mmmmm, yessss       it feeeels <propfemale> goooddd!!!!! got the fan blowing on me , relaxed on my bed , in my mind , so serene and calm in my room , chilling floating "
he don't love me like he used to he don't hold me he don't kiss me boy my bodys feelin lonely i can't help you if i need to when he goes out with the boys at the club i'm a hit you up like yeah yeah yeah when he be dancing with that chick i'm gon be packing up my shit bet it be like yeah yeah yeah yeah
"  its gon be thee summer , meaning i have to do me! tried you and it aint what it seems , my eyes will be wandering , cant deny if temptation will follow , fuck the young boys , im looking at the men , they will be on deck! but we dont love them hoes smile  lmao , baby its only right!"
"awww, now i miss my baby smile "
  lmao! watching pineapple e playful ress! <propfemale> shit smile 
"  good morning fb! just got up, gonna make me breakfast then finish doing my son hair , <propfemale>n i'll be on my way back home <propfemale> , lol , i will be having some funn when i get back       with or without him smile "
 its the simple things in life we forget 
"  okayy <propfemale>       yea i hate it when you try too hard , try hard but when you add the annoyness and cockyness ,, its fucking turn-off! be ya self  dont think telling me you eat pussy is going make me wanna talk to you more[   smile   ]   lol , who doesnt lick the twat nowadays ? or how many money you got , or that you can purchase <propfirst> or gucci , its the inner thats going to get me nigga  indecision "
  damn! why did i have to answer thee phone!!! ugh!!
"  ok , im thinking of a master plann      naw , im lying  lol , just thinking bout how funny it is that summer is coming up motherfuckers are really getting prepared! & ima put it out there not sweeting up shit! had to leave him alone cause i cant leave them boys alone!!!!! lmao! fuck is you fronting for nigga , you know & i know when i leave , ya ass will dissipate "
"  ahhhh ,  (yawn) im falling asleep sooo     gdnite fb! until tomorrow! smile "
" ummm , well its still thee morning so i dnt knw what today will bring me , all i knw is ima do my best to keep tha foolishness to my back! smile "
"  bout to hop , got things to do  wink  will be back on when im finished!"
"  shit im bout to decline this nigga and be on to the next one , cause we dont love these hoes! lmao smile "
"these sideline hoes  its not evn summer yet!! im not evn gona cmnt cause she look like the type to keep going back&frth, i dnt got time for that, ima just find out were u live so i can whop ya ass!! not cause u cmntd, but cause that hating not minding ya business cmnt u left "
"i have so much fuckn venom in my heart for this nigga , i could spit it at him! i wanna hurt him in thee worst wayy!!! hurt <propfemale> bad when he see me he die from a heart attack!!"
"if somebody shows you who they are , believe them!!!"
"smh    realtionships     hazardous to ya health , so stay away unless your heart can take it!"
might as well get off! my head rocking back and forth   thee lids falling !!
"once you've opened up pandora's box , sometimes it's hard to close  idk why im still up @4am , need to go back to sleep cause i feel sleepy , ughh !  watching thee cosbys' right now!"
"yea its nice out! and guess what i got on!!! lmao , plus thee eyeshadow and eyeliner , and my lipgloss poppin!!! he gon be jealous cause them niggas head will be noddin!!!  smile "
omg!!! wait      did we just come to a truce? lmao! is thee war finally over?  smile 
"ahh , nice day outt!"
"ok so jeanty bedjy    need to be exed da fuck out of society for good! exiled! he is thee fuck nasty! boom nasty! his nickname means likewise smile  glad i smelled thee shit before i seen it! fuck you bedjy and ya gmb crew ya all cheat on yall girl and fuckn lie!! gmb stand for grimy malevoent bastards smile  i kinda like it! yall aint shit, a group made up of niggas that aint shit!"
"shit , my fuckn brotha on thee computer! he needs to hurry up so i can change my profile picture! i aint gon be a  bitch and delete it but it needs to get taken down! he's a fuckn disgrace to be on my <propfemale>!"
"changed defualt , back to thee old ways now! feeling relieved    stress free  the pain in my stomach is now gone! but sadly , he cant  i aint gotta be with him , but just like our baby he here for a lifetime! unless i kill him > sad "
"shitt, we live and we learn smile "
khalil muse  we should see each other soon   realll soon smile  lmao!
"thee funny shit is you cant tell me shawty playin wif my head, pussy im fuckn you not her im in a realtionship wif you not her, believe any bitch? naw <propfemale> that, but thee details add up wif the blanked out spaces of info i had in my head! so it added all up! hmph , never take a man's word over mah bitch! dumass niggas  please stop tryna spread ya nutt alll ova thee world! &dont do shit for them!"
"ugh! &i hate when niggas say two wrongs dont make a right to women or their women so dat means dat your wrong was the right ,right? ctfu stop using dat as an excuse to justify your wrong-doing hoes! lmao  shit,i gotta tell em'! they must not know really how the game is played well! cause if its played well you wouldnt get caught or caught-up bitch! like me smile  & my e playful erience at this player thing is veternarian status "
ok so get thee fuck over it! lmao! fuck u and idgaf how u and urs feel bout it! first it was a problem then it evolved into bullshit and me i elminate thee maker of thee elminate so now im thinkin i mite have to rowdy my bitches up!! yall ready?
"ha! just like hov said , tell them freaks to find a man of they own! ha! i know bitches gon cmnt and ppl gon like caz bitches out there nowadays dnt give a fuck! but i do bitches!! ctfu try me!"
"btw i lovee my hoes smile  @ tashima cootiequeen thompson, anou sayanora, <propfirst> <propfirst>, delisha green, <propfemale> hicks and caniesha lintlicker rockefeller!!"
"ok and yes! i am in a fuckn realtionship with my babydad! lmao! if i put anythn on thee book its aint between nobdy and my man! shit, im not even suppose to put it on thee book but me and him have our ups and downs, we both did wrong, but allow me to repeat myself    im fuckn babymom gurl!! and i aint goin no fucn where!!! now how u feel bout that?"
u hate it when dumb bitches      finish the sentence! me i hate when dumb bitches try too hard and fuckn test me!!
lmao @ <propmale> chappelle! i wrote this song a long time ago! back in 94! ctfu that skit was funny
aint you tired of bein on thee sideline? tired of gettn yours after i get mines? bitches second place dont get a prize! when you gon realize you wasting ya time??? shit is real!! thanks <propfemale>! lot of us can relate! ctfu!
so heres thee real story! ctfu rite now!ihad to apologize tomy man caz he was innocent!see thee bitch wantd his <propmale> but she cnt have it caz i own dat shit &i aint censorin shit so let it be knwn!!
"srry dupervil <propfirst> u was rite,dem hoes mann!dem thngs slick! lol!but bitch u slippd&just as <propfemale> <propmale> said we thee real gmb wifeys!! as i stated before ima state again, i aint goin nowere, i am first lady of jeanty bedjy wit our baby ridin with us!!"
i know what i'm doing    just wait 
"o m f g! lifes a bitch   thats why i keeps my middle finga in thee air! smile  but dont worry bout me baby , hmph    none thee less im good  and <propfemale> is a bitch "
"    cant sleep , tired though  too many things on my mind right now   i need a 2 11 and 3ls to thee head right now    smh , odl  i need to count <propfirst> or sheep to go to sleep cause im restless as of now, but im yawning! smile  "
"rain ,rain go away   come again some other day! ugh!!! im just <propfemale> fuckn blah today!!! hopefully thee rain wont parade tomorrow smile "
"whos up and on twiiter?? follow me , mmmchocolate_! i follow back smile "
"smh! this lil boy just now went to sleep , smh   bad lil boy! smile  but thats my lovee!"
"cant leave me alone , thee pussy like fiji!  smile "
ugh! ard thee stomach is rly conversing with me!! time to log out and get my grub on!  smile 
hittin thee sack  !
"yup , ! chilled wit <propfirst> last nite ! she gives thee best advice smile "
"damn my fiji ,      smh , my fiji   smile "
"he gives me thee best , lmao   so i throws it back at em' ! smile "
"damn you <propfirst> ! i keep tryna leave you alone but you always got that good shit , keeps me coming back    damn <propfirst> "
"ugh! smh , now his female emotions starting to show   i thought men were these creatures that didnt give a fuck    i guess not"
"sup fb smile  this weather need to act right! thee rain is in thee way! tryna get into something today   maybe ill give <propfirst> a call ,    shes never busy for me! ctfu!"
"<propfirst> couldnt make it right now , but she told me she was gonna visit later on in thee night  i think thee bitch might be fraudn! ctfu! but other than that , my day was chills i guess    i aint complaining smile "
"gm fb! just got up , first time i slept for a long time in <propfemale> long! im still feeln groggy so its back to thee bed i go!! cant wait till july comes! gon be my son 1st bday! smh , damn he gon be 1 <propfemale>n  smile  btw happy birthday to <propfemale> <propfemale> elysee and <propfirst> <propfirst> , hope yall enjoy yall day smile  until then fb ,"
"ahh, she just gives me thee best (<propfirst> !) but hitting thee sack i am until then fb , nite nite !"
"u should come wit me , if you got some time this is were u want to be , we can go all nite long , this could last all nite long    bet its goin down , we gon make it right , this is wat they mean when they talk about the life , we can go all nite long , this could all nite longg     im wit it if u wit it "
ok im bout to go make some @pancakes!
"you are <propfemale> yesterday , i never thought you'd lose my love this way      ((d*_*b))"
"i tried to tell <propfirst> <propfirst> that kouafrican goddessbombshell damnimonallthelistgartei was mines    lol , she bout to have my kid   so back off!! ctfu!"
"of all forms  of caution, caution in love is the most fatal "
"sometimes  you love something so much that it hurts to leave it, but you must   sometimes it hurts too much to hold on to that thing you love  and sometimes  you let go of what you love because it hurts, but then just sometimes    you  get it back and live happily ever after "
(inhale) love   smh(exhale) ugh!
he love thee way i ride it!!! he love the way i ride it!!! he love the way i ride the beat like a muthafuckn freak smile 
"had a lil get together at my house     they was deepp with theee liquor    drunk textn ppl now and im calling ppl up talkn loud as shitt! ctfu i knw ima have a mad hangova when i get up! by thee way , thee babe not feelin well  sad  (ily brandn , my fucn heart) !"
"chilln , now lest see wat thee day looks like smile "
grrrr ! gotta fucn' headache!
for mothers day     im tryna enjoy my day then get wasted like a white boy
onelove  ((d*_*b))
this damn tea aint doing shit for me      smh    i hate gettn sick in thee summer   btw   im deff bout to get my self in some trouble   te he he smile 
damn my muscles hurting     whole body needs a massage 
ok so <propfirst> einstein sucks ass   had me in there from 9pm- 5am in the er   didnt get seen till 1am still wheezing like a fucn' harmonica   smh 
"still need that tea   bag! lol \who got that tea bag! my fav\is the peppermint one frm\celestial seasonings  "
somebdy poke me    im bored 
lol   ya really poked me too!!! thnks i feel better now!! ctfu lemme stop!!
"ha! we dont handcuff , you can come and get <propfemale> whole damn crew smile "
"ugh ! need that good ol' chicken noodle soup    feeln worse today , can anybdy help me feel better ?"
"im off babies! <propfirst> crack-daddy <propmale> , mm hmm inbox me smile "
"damn , i know u in thee mood (looks down at her) but , we gon be a l o n e again tonite , nobody to feed her appetite   damn she's been starving    lol"
what turns you off?
"damn, i had thee best today   lol, he got me chessing   he know what he did! smile "
"smh  ppl rly do stay wit sum1 who isnt meant 2b wit them jus2hear them say i luv u   so u rather b sum1s doormat &jus accept im sorrys &i made mistakes about da same thng &take dat person bck ova again? dats\naive luv\"" u mistaken sumthn dats not there  ppl need 2learn how2b by therselves  (in my madea voice!)"""
"lol , fuck that old thing   its on to the next with this one smile "
arrogance diminishes wisdom      
every sweet has its sour; every evil its good 
"startin to feel a lil better today , ha! and im free     so thats means i can do wat i please today and be pleased i shall smile  im tryna wake up feeling like the holy ghost spirit is in me   mmm , smthn like that lol"
just got back from the hospital   not feelin good  but thankful ass hell im alive and get to see my son another day    god really does work miracles   i am more blessed than i have ever been my entire life   to wake up knowin i can take another breath  its amazing!!
"today looks like its going to be a beautiful day , so why not start it with a smile  smile "
"well i had a realxing time last night  wink  i enjyoyed myself to the fullest   woke up this morning with a smile on my face    the ac on    im chilling   bout to make me a big ass breakfast!!   its true , we only have one life smile "
"all that bullshit is for the birds    you aint nuffn but a vulture! i’m on some new shit\i’m chuckin my deuces up to him    i’m moving on to something better, better, better     no more tryin to make it work     you made me wanna say bye bye, say bye bye, say bye bye to him"
damn  i am fuckn tipsyy!!!! drunk texting yes!!!  smile  eating some good ass crabs and cajun shrimp   later gonna make me two turkey ham and cheese sandwiches    hungry ass hell right now!!
"hmm   getting satisfied thinking bout what ima watch on thee tele    ?? i recently tuned in to cinemax , to watch sex chronicles but i havent watch it in a min     just flickn threw looking for a movie or good show to watch "
"gd morning fb! im up and ready to start my day with some breakfast- bout to make some bluberry pancakes, bacon and eggs   yumm!"
"the funny thing is as im browsing on my homepage i see alot of people discuss thee same shit      that men lie women lie   smh, we all do it and we all say we not doing it so why still do it??? smh  "
"to everyone , keep the foolishness to your back    uhhh   im taking it down , nodding off right now   gdnite ! lata fb smile "
"was going through my phonebook   yea i seen alot of <propfirst> in there that i dnt knw why was there in the first place, be bored wit ya so i delete ya   tryna simmer down this summer &chill   so i might be anti-social towards niggas, aha ha ha   gotta get my head right &my shit straight fa real  after i eat this spaghetti, its the shower &wet nakedness in the bed (listenin to sex room   ) i go smile "
"cause when a womans fed up  it aint nuffn u can do about it  its like runnin outa love   &2late 2tlk about it  wow i had a surprisn ending last nite! smile  all smiles tho, seen the nastiest shit when i walkd in the basement  (brotha a fraud)  but idgaf cause idk thee bitch! bout 2get sum milk 4ma cookies &go bck 2 sleep!"
"realtionships are for people that have p a t i e n c e !  ugh! i hate them  &love is complicated   idgaf wat anybdy say   love aint shit how they seem in movies   hahahaha sometimes its better to be single   but just like they say  \its better to have loved and lost   then to have never loved at all \"" bullshit """
"ooo man ! its one in the am     lol , my dip (in the words of <propmale> biggz massey) was supposed to cum threw but hey , frauds happen   hmmm , i dnt do this too often annoyed  (shit is real) but idk wtf im bout to do   maybe watch a movie , eat sum cake , then off to count them damn sheep again  "
mad ass hell too    she awake (!)    lol & i dnt think she's going  back to sleep anytime soon   i knw how she can get when shes up ;p  aha!
damn   it feels like yrs i been on the book  ugh ! idk wat im gettn into lata but i gotta go dwn broad so    maybe smthn  interestn will happen dwn there ? like seein familiar faces ???  smile  who knws 
"damn   i think i be bored with thee book   cause i barely update this thang! shessh , but im tryna do my thing this summer   &only that  "
hmm   we need some company smile    inbox me!!
"whats on my mind ?  that l , sex , & food !"
"today is hot as shyte! not shit but shyte ! lol , i had to re-up today ! (that bitch <propfirst>) but im chillin now sippin on this az   im content with a smile on my face because i know nothing lasts forever and tomrrow is never promised !  funny thing is im alwys finding myself stuck back at square one   damn  what happened to my rebel ass ?"
happy july fourth everyone ! happy grillin ' !
"ahh , im sprawled out on bed , fan on ,  windows up      feels like heaven  i will be sleeping soundly      when i do go to  sleep (="
question ? why am i still up ?
"court yesterday was nervewreckn, but monday is thee last day, final day for thee judges' decision   so i just got my fingers crossed  other than that today is ok, it aint swelterin like them <propfirst> days  but yesterday the temp was perfect smile  dnt knw wth ima be doin today but   ima chill"
"damn! i  am soaking wet! making puddles when i stand still , lol   but the rain was drawlin  why today and not those other days when it was sweltering hot"
in the end whats  goes around comes around   and karmas gonaa get cha  annoyed 
cant wait to have his first bday party!!   ilmy baby boy <propmale> kaimir jackson-jeanty!!! smile 
"aint shit but doin my nails    got my hair done by keeping-it real-kia !   thnks bitch , i lovee it smile     even though ellerehs unblanced redd kept tryna sabotage it   but <propmale> kaimir jackson-jeanty 1st birthday party is tomrow   i dnt want no bullshit !! wink  lol , love yall "
todays his big day !!
"today was a good day  wink    i start working saturday   alot of lil kiddy shit was going on but all in all its gonna get handled   never add any fuel to my \fire\"" """
btw i havent been on thee book in a hot minute but i would like to congratulate mikayah thompson for getting her first job and starting out with a good check      congrats bitch !
"sometimes you have to watch those who you surround yourself with    because sometimes its those who know you most that know how to hurt you best   its funny how its alwys those that scream they \real\"" when truely they be the ones rly fraudn behind ya back   she's phony and fake   thats the type of ppl i hate !"""
"really   i find it funny how philly btches are  i been living here 20 fcn yrs &they are hilarious laugh   i could see if a btch talkn shit with ya name in her mouth behind ya bck, buht when she states her mind &tell u bout yaself to ya face  its funny how yall so quick to fight  wat hppnd to being a real ass btch? mature at that "
any eligible bachelors?  wink 
im hungry   who's cooking wink 
goooodd morning fb smile  thnkn bout startn my day off with a smile 
shut it down- drake
"so who's that work ? drake , or <propmale> ?"
why do fools fall in love??
this right heres a panty dropper !!!!!!!
"damn , i am in need of a massage      \everywhere !!!!"
"i know everybdy gets horny every now &then, but right now i aint lookn for a booty-call persay  i aint lookn for love either  just a friend, sumbdy i can chill, i need sumbdy i can build with  "
"&also please keep in mind that my son the half of me, so in order for u to receive all of me, u have to acknowledge the fact that i have a child, therefore i am busy  im not askn for u to be stepdad  if u thnk thats not on ya agenda  keep it moving"
"im interested in someone that can steadily wipe the frowns off my face , &constantly replace it with smiles "
"why can't i find somebody else? when i know ,know that your doing wrong   \it's so hard,hard to let gooo  (keep going in circles, circles)round and round"
gd morning fb   i just wanna say congrats to the mothers and 'fathers' that are taking care of their responsibilites
"wont melt in ya hand boy , i'll melt in ya mouth ! ;p"
"wats up , fb?  wink "
"those who show less interest in the realtionship , are the ones that have the most power "
"its nice out today, and this lil boy cutting up! yelling at me saying ka-ka, smh bad boy  i hope my night will be good  im not tryna be bored today i guess  smile "
"ahh! its been so long! lets go, lets go little <propfemale> kat  he dnt want no more, lets go little <propfemale> kat wink  lol  today i was thee fuck out   to get into sumthn, had fun with <propfemale> hoes tho l<propfemale>o! yes sumbdy bs'd me today but its all l o v e  btw ppl do thee dumbest shit ever    u aint <propfemale> lie    smh"
    i cant go to sleep   we both need a lullaby hummed to us   wink 
well lets see who rly bout ya shit nd is hard to disappoint    not only sexually but mentally and physically as well? i would like to knw lol
in my happy place now wink 
"smh, if u gon come out with the truth , especially with smthn that had days, weeks, mnths, years, decades ago, please come correct about it  dnt try to play \honest abe\"" when u lying bout the truth """
i have lower back pain right now  and its urking me   what can ease that?
"im bout to go make a big ass breakfast, annd see wat interests me today smile "
"i wonder   how do yall men when ur having sex with a woman, knw if shes satisfied?? do u go by the moans, or her  actions????"
"mmph   \cant be friends\"" by <propmale> songz   slim story n mah life right now  """
"im hungry , that friggin' song is stuck n mah head   make a movie ,yea   starring you n me   yea   i dnt evn like that song "
"please dnt break that pretty good girl heart , caz when u do u mite create a monster  "
     sex ! who doesnt love this topic!  smile 
", love has a funny way of showing up when you least e playful ect it    i dnt thnk theres' anythng outside for me today  so ill prolly chill n thee crib  "
"fucn' cleanin rite now , this fucn' bleach chokin' me   i'll prolly be done by 3,4   then im out "
<propfemale> is a fucn' boomerang 
two wrongs dont make a fucn' right! so plz stop overlookn the !st wrng!!
"when u get good <propmale>, it makes u forget about all the limp ones u had   hahahaa"
everywoman has a breaking point yall  
"  on my way back home now, coming frm my lil cousins costume bday party    he had <propfemale> much fun!! my baby does not act like a 1yr old  lol, i love my baby  "
"   happy halloween folks! dnt knw why im up <propfemale> early   i cant decide whether i wanna take my son out trick or treatn , or if we gonna chill eating <propfemale> &watchin movies? idk but i<propfemale> <propfemale>ke sure he has fun 2day  love <propfemale> fat daddy! smile "
"some ppl are like leaves on a tree   when the wind blows, theyre anywere   theyre unstable  theyre the ones u have to let go in life   words of wisdom-madea"
"  i  hope thee rain does not mess up the rest of my day , this morning already looks ugly   and im sooo in love wit my baby  i cnt rly put into words how my affection is for this man  he alwys smiles at me with so much love ,he grabs my face &gives me kisses  i love my <propmale>! he will alwys be my angel until he becomes a teen &do the dumb shit we use to do  hahaha lol"
"  mm mm mmm! my birthday is in 1 friggin mnth! so happy! so many thngs i wanna do to celebrate that day, just wanna live it the fuck down  do like no other  this damn year went by too fast though  i still was tryna enjoy the summer! smh"
"  hey    you can judge me ,but dnt smile in my face like ur my friend when ur my foe "
"mmm, so hungry right now    could go for  some spicy general tso chicken , shrimp fried rice ,&a lemonade   yum!"
"no time for fake ones ,  just sip some <propfemale>' with these real ones"
"<propfirst> &kumar go to white castle, cheech &<propfirst> , pineapple e playful ress   just a few movies <propfirst> would watch  hahahaaha lol smile "
watching rugrats with my rugrat   ha!
mmmm   i be gettin bored with u quickly  
"im not superwoman! im not a robot that u can program to ur likings  im human baby! yes , we fuck up! laugh "
there is nothin' on comcast  i still thnk directv is better     only if they had on demand smile 
"been looking for love in all the wrong places , been around seen alot of pretty faces   had my good , stupid , &hellish realtionships  im not seeking no more cause it seems like whn i seek, i find  &i find in the end the outcome is the same; wat the hell was i thnkn! this time im putting my heart in the hands of god  for him to send me sumone better thn good, great  sumone exhalting &amazing!"
so hungry rite now! dnt feel like it today i gotta sinus headache  thts good my cuz finally out with some fresh november air! luv u ive smile 
"cooking rite now! yes i knw how to cook , self-proclaimed chef! lol smile  still not feeln good so mybe me doing this will put me at ease "
its funny i knw what to say to catch his attention smile  hahahaa ctfu!
it's crazy how when i use to see u my heart went racing    now i see u my heart rarely skips a beat 
"up , in the mood for making love faces   must be sumthn special bout em' if im awake this early smile "
"im sorry but nobdy can run away frm love  its gonna find u evn if u on ya player shit  u gon find sumone that stnds out frm all the rest , whether for their good characteristics or bad , u gona fall n love   thats why love is so bittersweet"
"i wonder whn yall in a realtionship , do yall mean consider getting head frm sumone else cheating , or having sex with sumone else while in a realtionship???"
"how do u tell someone whom u've love &been with for years that the lovemaking is not the same no more? that thy dnt satisfy u , without making them feel insecure?"
"i love dragon ball z , still watch it faithfully   if goku was a living breathing human being , i would so go after him! lol but im bout to log off &hit the sheets caz i gotta get up early  gdnite fb! prolly still b awake in my bed tho "
what do men consider cheating for them??
i have so much love for my black men! yall are so beautiful especially those of yall who are holding yall own &those taking care of their kids!
"im srry i knw they say true beauty lies within but damn somee of yall niggas need to cut it the fuck out! u telln the bitch she bad caz that one asset on her thats big whn it looks like she smeard dark black tar under both her eyes and around her lips , n the bitch looks like she has down syndrome!"
"lol , i'll be ya naughty girl smile "
wow! blast way way back from my past!! hahahaha lol smile 
why am i not sleep yet!?!
"mmm mmm mmm    chocolate syrup is the best! its tasty &delicious for alot of reasons!  wink hahahaha ,lol    ard ima stop"
up dnt knw why! i need sumone to talk too    
"hey boy i rly wanna see if u , can go downtown wita girl like me? hey boy i rly wanna be wit u , caz ya just <propfemale> type , oh na na na na     "
gd mornin facebookers! bout to make breakfast 
a love that stand the test of time will never fade 
mmmm mmmmph watchin bad girls club reunion!
"on sum real it really cant be no battle of the sexes , caz both parties aint shit!"
i swear family gossip more bout ya business then strangers    
i know yall cant wait till thursday! throwing it down! wink 
mmmm       put me to bed!
112- its over now
first i was sleep- woke up quick in a sweat     ugghhh!!! why cnt i ever have a full goodnites' sleep? sad 
<propfemale> just a dream is my shit!
happy turkey day! gobble gobble smile 
bday is in 7days! mmm mmmphhh! cant wait wink 
yo? who up? im bored wink 
do yall men really knw when yall make a girl orgasm? lol
do yall men thnk havin a threesome wit ya gurl will make the sex better? do u thnk if she agrees she wnt go astray?
"up this morning feeln like i had a hangover! but anywys , happy black friday everybdy!"
up! tryna go bck to sleep if this lil boy will let me!?!
cookin' ! o yes my food is the bomb! wink  lmao
"birthday thursday! birthday thursday! turning 21, cant wait  not sure on where im going but im gettn fuckd up! yes smile "
sagittarius!  wink 
this is the time i wuldnt cuddln' wit sumbdy- when im not feeln well sad 
this is the time i wuldnt mind cuddln' wit sumbdy- when im not feeln well sad   is wat i meant 
need a friend nowadays- sumbdy i can &chill wit    
need sumone to listen instead of hearn me out
"want you to take it, like a thief in the nite wink "
what u catchn' feelns for     ima flirt wink 
he heard im good wiit my soft lips   heeheheheheehe smile 
should i really give a fuck?
thanks for all the birthday love! i really appreciate it! i love all mah hoes! lmao  but i dnt even think ima really be able to enjoy it sad    dnt knw wat ima do still 
just wanna be happy  like this 
"my <propmale> , he is my everythng "
have a headache i need some shots 
my baby in the hospital    hope he be alright sad 
have so much love to give- just waitn for the rite one 
success is only permitted by personal happness
need some company for them lonely days 
"waitin for that good good lol, so i wont turn <propfemale> head to them <propfirst> ones "
"we use to have good times , the best of times    those memories are fading  now , i cant even close my eyes to remember a thing "
mmmm! it smell so good! =p made lasguna cant wait till its done so i can throw it down!
"yes that tea hit the spot! frankly, im bored wit em' need some new ones  shit gettn too overated  2mrow i need to celebrate me    just because im still here!"
"am i a freak? especially those of yall who knw me, gotten to knw me dnt lie! lmao wink "
"if u single &loving ya freedom , like this!"
if u got a job like this! even if u dnt got one but makn that payroll like this!
like this if u in a realtionship &u love the one u got!
"like this if ur a man takn care of his responsibilites ,holdn his own takn care of ur kids being a father figure &not just a daddy! let u be recognized!!"
like this if u independent!
"like this if sex in the kitchen , sex outside , hell sex anywhere is the best! lets just get freakd out! wink  lmao"
"damn, why is u tripping!?!"
"i need sumone to genuinely make me smile &laugh nowadays  havent had that in a minute  sex aint shit 2me anymre  i dnt need my body 2feel good, its my fuckn soul that need 2be in ecstacy; it needs an orgasm of happiness &joy  thats all i need "
hungry
bored   need to find smthn to do
workn on self-renewal  glad im finally gettn <propfemale> redemption
"like, damn wat u aint hear me? my son- he is all the above  so wat makes u think ima put his needs aside for your pleasure? really?"
"i love all aspects of my son! frm his plush, soft cushiony cheeks to his hill-top belly smile  -its all bcaz of u, im <propfe<propfemale>le> sad&blue, u brigten up <propfemale> day, in all ya special ways   u r everythng, &everythng is u! lookn at him lustful with motherly-love  god bless him!"
<propfemale> christmas everybdy!
mmmm mmmm mmmmmpphh! that food sure was good! my grandma can cook!
"damn like wat happnd 2men keepn it 100? its these niggas out here &niggas not entitled to 1race  why u mad the shawty done wit u? if u braggin bout it, u puttn on a act like that shit dnt phase u so why u got ya tweetle-dumb bitchs playn on her pge? how young are all yall? ya shawty aint nuffn compared to my bitch- ha! shes way outta her leauge "
"bored, thirsty, cellibate?, tlkn and textn on the phone, waitin for that phone call that will give me that chesire cat smile laugh  lmao, up- will be up long     bored "
"<propfemale> knows , its been a long time    since i genuinely smiled  <propfemale> needs , smthn sincere & different  <propfemale> loves , her son- no one is above him  <propfemale> thinks , its time to change  better myself &my surrundings  <propfemale> wants , some     ? lemme stop wink "
"u can have a 35 to 1million friends, but as u progress in life ya list gets shorter &shorter  its the 1's that alwys call u, not askn for money or favors, the 1's that got ur back no matter what &not just for the publicity  the rest u can call aquaintainces "
"the one thing that has stayed in my mind that my true friends have said to me- \god never gives you anything you cant handle\""  thank yall for that smile """
i wanna have fun  wink  im bored 
"i cannot wait , ugghh   but im bout to sign off"
"haaa,  lil do anybody knows i am not thee one    im on & thee fuck out  who fucks wit me? smile   there is only three that rmains at the top of my list   my babies, family &friends "
"mmmm, that stir-fry was good!!!   we are stuffed smile "
they need to make black history month even longer   #im just sayin
"im so not amused by the usual , i pray something unique come along &take over me "
he comes with alot of history?? i'm good 
no bullshit lol  wink 
"i wonder , if she dont call you back when you think you did a good job &that she would , does that lower your ego & self-esteem??     hmmm"
"i need a new <propmale>   for texting , talking , etc    wateva   someone that will have me cheesing hugging my pillow after we done talking  "
text me im not entertained   lol
"wow this nigga really threated my lil brother with a knife tho?? how old are u??? he only 14 dnt even know u, u 21   it does not matter wat reason u did it for u had no rite   my lil brother dnt knw shit bout u   u just dnt knw wat u got yaself into   smh u cazin trouble &u not even frm philly!!! its a wrap!!"
"huhhh , here we go with the snow , but im craving for pasta salad rite now!"
"lmao ,mmmm , its time for some networking!!  dont know wat are my plans for valentines day but trust im not planning on spending it alone!! smile "
"hmu!!!  bored as hell , we both are  lol"
where them thurl niggas at?? lol
"lol, lemme find out i can cook! smile  &everbdy watchin the game!!   <propmale> got fucked over , smh"
its too much ice out there   early spring please hurry
im bout to cook  
"on my way home   i see theres alot of mix on here bout black and yellow & green and yellow    lol, there suddenly is alot of black and yellow fans too because of that wiz khalifa songg , smh  "
"valentines day coming!!!! yessir!!   time to cuddle, rejuvenate, a lil r&r , tlc"
"hungry , bored   smbdy hmu"
"just fed our appetite now , im off to rest this big belly of mine   yes , i said it   find out b or g in 2weeks!   long as i got the love and support of  god , my familly , and my wonderful tru friends   i will remain strong   smile  im off this jawn!"
8 more days left! till i find out boy or girl in my belly smile 
"just as long as i can do and provide for my son wat he needs , idgaf wat who has to say or how they feel bout it   i knew me posting or showing my pregnancy on here was gonna be a shock to some  (unless they already knew) , but rly?? like yall gonna be there so stfu! smile  i have the greatest love ever from my son and thats all i need in my life smile   smile "
"smh , i know yall niggas see my belly nd i do mean 'niggas'    i guess that aint stoppin yall  annoyed \ , but i cant wait till wednesday to find out wat it is   i hope its a girl   loln' secretly cause i got couple of them thats mad right now     #ohwell smile "
found outfrom my ultrasound appointment that im having a boy!!! smile  i only picked out girl names so now i have to start over with a boy names list       
"smh , we still hungry  \ i need suggestions for boy names   "
"we only have one life to live , dont do thngs you will take for granted "
"to live is the rarest thing in the world   most people exist, that is all "
god is clever but never dishonest 
i ust ate but im still hunggrryy! annoyed 
"it seems its a problem in philly , nobody wants you to succeed, majority preys on you to fail , i dnt get this brotherly love nonsense, if you a girl when you walking down the street its always a bitch that stare at you trying to intimidate you so you put ya head down ctfu! niggas be on that petty shit too! smile   i see more of yall behaving like us females! smh  "
"praying but i think i'm still an angel away\angel away, yeah strange in a way\maybe that is why i <propmale> strangers away"
im hungry annoyed 
"smh, wat happened to the innocence of childhood?    does a childhood exist anymore???"
"thank god for this weather, but it aint nearly summer yet "
i just put it down in the kitchen smile 
"my feet is swollen , i want some steak with alot of gravy im <propfemale> hungry!    i need my belly rubbed this lil boy is doin karate kicks "
"they always say fail to look at the past , history will repeat itself "
ok  certain shit aint for everybody  everybody tryna be like everybody   just browsing on fb and u will see too many similarities 
my mood right now      hello world!
"its not ur fault, i'm a bitch, i'm a monster  yes i'm a beast & i feast when i conquer   "
"couldn't wait for this time,i lie in the bed,get in my favorite position reach for it and the batteries are dead!now i have to get up and change the channel  smile -"
"the highest knowledge reside in simplicity  love, respect, tolerance, gratitude, and forgiveness, are not complicated neither elaborate and those are free!!  smile "
"so hott!!! now is the perfect weather to put on some flip flops, open toe shoes, nd sandals   unlike those other days in april where the weather was 57 degrees, <propfemale>, but alil <propfemale> nd ppl dressd like its june  im in a good mood today nd i plan to stay that way smile !"
"ahhh , i had a gooodd night sleep! smile "
      all i can say is wow annoyed 
"i love this weather!! not lettin any bs get in my way today   cant wait till i have my son  its funny how certain ppl sth whn they heard i was havin anotha baby  well wateva the reason was for i know, im confindent that im gnna do my part well as a mother,so far im doin good  not gnna give up! smile   but when this summer hit   im giving everyone hell that i cant stand &who got in my way  karima=karma  lmao, cant wait smile "
finally had my mango water ice & that  jawn was poppin!!!
