86bb6bcc9e2f42cef0c02c4ae34e9377
"you want to know my new years resolution? it's to finish writing my book  i'm putting my soul into it so it better be a best seller  day 1 only 360 days to go, and 2 pages down "
dreams of flying   smile 
got flying colors on his midterm evaluation in his massage therapy class  smile 
"just had an amazing aroma therapy class today  made a massage oil with lavander, chamomile, and cedar wood yum!  smile "
needs more hours  call me up for a massage  smile  805-910-6121
made 45 bucks today  smile  i'm <propmale>!!
got 100 on his anatomy mid term!!!!  laugh  i is smrt    i mean smart  smile 
had fun with the kids at the fourth of july breakfast today at the church   smile 
someone call me i'm bored 805-910-6121
"yay, today is the first day of school since a week  smile  it's the end of my one week midterm break "
"is so so tired, and is going to bed now  night all"
i feel so pretty  smile  new pics!!!
needs a bike!
doesn't want to be gay any more!!!
is so very frustrated with life right now 
learns how to drive tomorrow  wish me luck  hope i don't crash into a palm tree 
cleaned house today 
will be at church today 
went ice skating yesterday  didn't fall either woot!
is at a beach house right now  house sitting for 20 bucks a day   smile 
only a few weeks of school left   smile  then i will start the advanced course 
"dinner tonight with the missionaries, looking forward to it  laugh "
who want's a massage?
wants to go kyaking 
"just had my anatomy final, and no surprise there but i got 100++  smile "
is alone in a room crowded with people 
is tired 
just drank sour milk blegh!
graduated massage school
will be in florida for 1 week in october from the 9th till the 14th 
is getting a massage today  laugh 
has no idea why everything on his facebook suddenly changed to spanish!! how do i change it?!
"hahahaha, okay i got it i'm good  laugh "
here come more pictures
spent the day in <propfemale> <propfemale>  will be back tomorrow  had a client so now i'm tired lol
is off to florida tonight at 10  see you guys in a week  smile 
"had the most insane trip to florida yesterday  spent around 12 hours stranded at the atlanta, <propfemale> airport!! finally i am in florida helping to get ready for the wedding   smile "
is back home in cali now  so tired  gonna go to sleep soon 
is over being sick  sad 
is drinking hella lot of tea to get rid of this sore throat 
is all over being sick  laugh  just have a sore throat to deal with because of all the coughing 
i think i'm gonna write a book   brb
just woke up and feel awesome  laugh 
"no wonder my happy heart sings, your love has given me wings  smile "
bout to head out to thai town with my thai friends should be fun  smile 
"soooo hungry, luckily my mom is making her sisters famouse potato soup  laugh "
have a headache cause i walked half way across town today  annoyed \
"yay, i have my certificate for massage therapy  my efforts have finally produced results  laugh  thanks dad for paying my way "
"finaly got the christmas tree up, and went shopping yesterday so now we have presents under the tree  smile "
"hmm, what to do this year?"
"put the following in your status and let your friends respond! \a word that describes me is (1) ____________  if you really know me then you know that i love (2) _________ but i can't stand (3) _____________ \"" copy and paste this in your status to    see what people have to say about you!"""
dream a little dream of me 
<propfirst> black is my celeb look a like  what do you think?
watched the lighting thief and now i want a lotus drop  laugh 
is loving how challenging life is  the devil can stick it!
fhe was fun last night   but i'm sooo sore!! stupid lactic acid!
"best day ever was at church yesterday from 9 to 9 lol  first family <propmale>, then singles <propmale>, then break the fast (awesome baked potatoes), then a fire side at 7-8 but not before i got to <propfemale> out with <propmale> and <propfirst> at danliel's apartment for an hour   laugh "
"hmmm, babysitting or lost tonight?     annoyed \"
hey everyone let me know if you would like to start hiking with me on a regular basis 
"just got back from hanging with the missionaries  according to a woman we visited we are sooo blessed, like we don't even know how blessed we are doing what we do   smile  she was a little crazy, but the crazy ones are the most fun haha "
dark knight is epic on plasma screen  blue <propfirst>  and sourround sound speakers!! o o
is now an herbal life distributor  smile 
who wants to <propfemale> out for st  paddy's day?  smile 
still looking for people to <propfemale> with tonight 
if anyone decides they want to <propfemale> out       call me: 805-910-6121
"i feel amazing for the past 2 days i have been waking up naturally at 7 smile 0! ask me how, now!"
<propmale> prayer was fun last night  no woman can hold me down! lol
who wants to <propfemale> out?
somebody call me! 805-910-6121
"yay, fast sunday, can't eat till 4  annoyed \"
"wow, babtist music is crazy! specially when it's pitted againts mormon hymns haha  awesome concert last night in l a  smile "
yayyyy!!! finally going on a hike! i can finally use some of this excess energy i've been storing 
hike last night was amazing  i was among the clouds  litteraly  smile 
"went to the hotsprings in ojai last night! got back home at 1 smile 0 lmao, it was awesome! i didn't want to leave  not to mention it was cold out of the water, but i still smell bad i should take a shower  annoyed \"
"had the most epic hiking adventure ever yesterday  i could have died multiple times   or at least been seriously injured, but i survived with just a few scratches on my hand, a sun burn, and a small rash from poison oak  smile  i must be one lucky duckling "
jeez i just don't interest anybody do i?
did anyone else feel that? lol that lasted like a full minute
the earthquake i mean 
had the wierdest dream last night  annoyed \
"<propfemale>, the dream strated off at a puplic pool in the middle of a desert  there was no one there except me   and this girl that was laying next to the pool   covered in blood  i thought she was dead until   she got up and started walking towards me  i ran out the gate and ran around the perimeter to get as far away from her as possible "
"i kept having to jump over fences and houses to get away from her, but she always seemed to be right there following me  then someone else came into the dream and i showed him the bloody girl that was following me   and he must have gotten possesed by her because then he started chasing me too!  annoyed \ there was a lot of running and jumping fences and they kept trying to corner me in like animal corals   "
"i finally got back to the pool and noticed that there was a gun at the bottom of the pool  so i ran in to try and get it but the other guy came in first and dove in after the gun  i dove in to and found another \gun\"" it was an orange water pistol   but the other guy had some kind of small revolver   and he shot me   """
then i shot him but only water came out so nothing happened  then things started to fade   i remember something about coming out of the water and then stabbing this inflated something and the guy snapped to his senses   but i still sunk to the bottom of the pool and bled to death i'm guessing  annoyed \ well that's pretty much all i remember   there was more after that but it was just weirder unrelated stuff   
yesterday was awesome!! went to a farm with a friend where he snapped a bunch of photo's of me for his photography assignment at <propmale> college  after wards i was able to ride a horse for the first time in a long time which was a blast even though it only lasted a few minuets 
"also got to help feed the horses and i held a couple chickens lol   afterwards, <propmale> chavez invited me to the movies to watch clash of the  titans which made up for intensity where it lacked in believability and  sense lol  good day  smile "
"ugh, stupid status bar only being able to hold 420 characters! so random!!!"
hey everyone check out my online store for my herbal life buisness  the products are amazing! contact me if you have any questions  callahanhealthstore com
"bored, who wants to go hiking?"
hopefully my slump is over 
4 days till i turn 20   i'm strangley unexited about it 
"lol, i'll be 20 in the afternoon of tomorrow, but only a few hours before the day "
"aaaahhhh, people go to the ventura stake center tonight to see elder bednar!!! it's an apostle and it's my birthday, and i want to see you all there!!!"
"that was one of the most amazing 2 1 2 hours of my life  meeting an apostle is truly amazing  the spirit in that room was monumental  elder bednar is a very funny man, he was a delight to listen to  thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! i had a great day! thanks <propfirst> for lunch  smile  i'm tired gonna hit the hay! peace!"
"go ninja, go ninja, go! i have a new favorite game  smile "
"ugh, i'm totally bummed i missed the night hike  sad  also i don't think my favorite game is ninja any more   getting slapped in the face getting your eye poked out at the same time would put a damper on any fun activity  lol"
hey how's it going?
is hungry  sad 
oxnard 4th <propmale> has the coolest missionaries ever!!!  laugh  gonna miss them after transfers this next monday  sad 
even on days like today it can be <propfemale> because true light comes from the soul  smile 
trying to find the pictures from <propfemale>'s party last night  if anyone has them or knows who does please let me know i would like to see them  smile 
just got city of villians from my brother as a belated birthday present   but i also have city of heroes   is it bad if i change sides now? but evil is so much cooler than good though  sad 
"dude, was there fhe tonight?!"
gonna try and save an animals life today  wish me luck!
okay so it's perfect weather for the beach  anyone want to go???
my brother is on his way to russia   how weird
spent around 3 hours today cleaning our upstairs bathroom which was filthy! now it practically sparkles  now it's almost too bright in there lol  hope it stays clean for more than a day now  smile 
is happy  smile 
is also looking for a job lol  who wants to help a brother out?
will be in utah in a week  smile 
hey does anybody who lives in oxnard camarillo care to drive me to the long beach airport at 6 in the morning eh eh? free massage???  smile 
"hey everyone, so i'm at byu right now and have been for the past 4 days  been spending time with my sister and a bunch of awesome new people that i instantly became friends with  i'm gonna be sad when i have to leave   but who knows maybe i'll start going to school here   we will see  smile "
"so i started the enrollment process for oxnard college today  one step closer from being able to go to byu!  smile  the stupid enrollment office was closed though today, and so was the library  i really wanted to have a productive day today  i guess fridays just are not good days to be productive lol  will try again on monday "
"also had the missionaries over tonight for dinner  it was awesome seeing\ them again after a week of being at byu   but i still miss provo  sad "
is a monkey reincarnated into a human body   the only thing missing is a tail   and unaposable thumbs 
"soooo tired  i stayed up all night on thursday, and didn't want to throw my sleeping schedual off so i continued to stay up all day friday   until 10 o'clock  then i slept from 10 pm till 10 am  and then at 12 smile 0 i took a nap till 2   and i'm still drowsy lol i'm crazy "
"last night was awesome! fireworks, then dungeons and dragons all nighter with <propmale>, cj, and ebby  smile  tonight was fun too  fhe at the hartmans pool!"
"yesterday was awesome  woke up at 6 worked out for half and hour, had breakfast, then i had personal study time for two hours  @ 10 smile 0 i got picked up by the missionaries and went to lessons with them till 9 surprise 0  also got to go to a babtism  smile "
"afterwards, <propmale> out with <propmale>, cj, and <propfirst> beamont and we watched \knight and day  then stayed in the parking lot of the theatre talking \till about 1  didn't go to sleep till 2 and now i'm awake and about to \go to the beach party  whooo for lack of sleep!!!"
got called spiderman last night by the popo  it was hilarious  smile 
why do i like climbing trees so much?
does anyone know someone who would let me borrow a violin? or just someone who has one that might?
"ugh, totally just corrupted my ff12 data that i had put in over 124 hours into   "
"\grunion hunting\"" was fun last night  smile """
totally did a cart wheel in the middle of the pch last night   smile  bucket list #25 check lol
i need a ride to the <propfemale>!  sad 
who wants to help me break in my new drivers permit before or after institute tonight?
f my life  i was an idiot signing up for my classes  everyday i have a morning class   no sleeping in for me  sad 
"1st week of classes done oh yeah! only 15 more to go, and i'm already tired  annoyed \ lol  at least i have a new violin to get me through it  laugh   laugh  all thanks to my beautiful and most amazing mother!  love  you mom!"
is listening to the instrumental version of <propfirst> smith's first prayer  pretty amazing and relaxing   smile 
i finished reading the book of mormon this morning for the first time 
went hiking yesterday for a few hours and got a nice sunburn  smile  and also a bad headache  sad  after wards went to dinner at pho saigon a vietnamese restaurant with indy 
"aaahhhhhh, who ever thought it was a good idea to have priesthood meeting at 7 in the morning was crazy! only high school students should get up at 6 in the morning to go to church lol "
whoever said i wasn't part of the animal kingdom?
dude i'm totally stoked! going to utah for general conference  laugh  and i'm taking indy with me  laugh 
only a few more hours till i leave for utah!  laugh 
conference was amazing! such a spiritual high! just got home so it's time for a very long nap   like 12 hours? lol
wants to go to byu hawaii!
hey everyone my new profile pic is of me and indy my girlfriend  smile 
had an awesome day yesterday  played hooky so i could go hike to the punch bowls with indy  we didn't make it before nightfall but we had a great time!  smile 
went to sleep at 5 p m woke up at 4 smile 0 a m  lovely freezing cold day today   
why can't you search people by name anymore?!
get's ordained a priest today at church  laugh 
misses byu  sad 
just got back from field trip to anacapa island  laugh  it was amazing! i'll post pictures after i warm my bones with a dip in the hot tub  smile 
"hmmm, thanksgiving tomorrow? why not i could eat "
who wants to go hike the punch bowls sometime this week with me?
how is it that one can know the answer to a math problem   how the equation is set up and still not know how to freaking solve it!!!!!
singed my leg hairs tonight jumping through flames  laugh 
"ugh, stupid hackers"
seriously need to go hiking!
who wants to spend new years with me? and who can spend new years with me and who will?
"yay, new semester just started! i'm in chemistry, oceanography, and escrima  my chem teacher is russian o o slightly hard to understand his accent  annoyed \"
why are missionaries so elusive after they go home?
"dang, had a crazy night in my escrima class! we had a workshop by r a w power  it was intense  got to feel what it was like to be in a real fight  my head hurts from all the adrenaline  it was a really good e playful erience!"
sssssssooooooooooooooo bored!!
anyone want to <propfemale> out?
"umm, happy valentines day? i guess lol"
i miss byu  sad 
i so totally caught a mew today on the yellow version of pokemon  laugh 
thinks he might be drowning on dry land 
wow   i turn 21 in 20 days   i don't know how i feel about that 
i need suggestions on what i should do for my 21st birthday 
(rephrased) i need good suggestion for what to do on my 21st birthday!!!
we really need to go hiking today!
"ugh, why must i go to chemistry when i am still sick  sad "
"hahahaha, 7 birthday wishes and the sun isn't even fully up yet lol  laugh  thanks guys   hopefully this sickness won't ruin the day for me  sad "
you know what i want for my birthday? i want to go hiking! is that so much to ask?
why is playstation network dead?!  sad 
why are some people so pathetic that they will get upset over a situation that they caused to happen?!
"umm, i work at mc donalds now   yay?"
"wow, what a nice surprise i actually earned an a in chemistry   laugh "
you know   i don't think a wounded heart ever fully heals 
saw x-men first class yesterday  it was awesome!
am i the only one who thinks mormons get married way too quickly for our own good?
i think i'm addicted to my dreams o o
who wants to go to the hotsprings during the night sometime soon?
"sooooo, any other crazy peeps want to learn how to parkour with me?"
"okay people, my phone number is 805-302-4725 text or call if you would like to parkour it up today!"
<propmale> e' cheese? much more fun when you could still fit in the tubes and everyone around you didn't come up to your waist 
"beach, beach     beeeeaaaacccchhhhh!!!!"
i had a crazy dream last night   aliens were abducting all the old people o o
does anybody know how to start a game over on facebook?!
holy craaaap!!! i finally got my social security card replacement now i can actually work at the job i've had for 2 months!!!  laugh 
stupid phone stopped working on me  sad 
