2e260442946372b106c1b1c007f952bb
on the way to watch the camel and ostrich races 
"had a really bad fucking night! point me towards a tall <propmale>  love is the worst fucking emotion you can have, because it can end up hurting you more then anything else on earth  it’s evil  it makes you illogical and removes all your better judgments and instincts  fuck i’m stupid "
is confused as hell 
shit sucks!
"shit sucks a little less, but sucks nun the less "
is going to the bar and hoping tonight is going to be better than last night  wish me luck 
going to sleep shitfaced it was a decent night  weeeeeeeeee  i wish people would just quit fucking with my head  ( you know who you are d)
man i love not getting hangovers 
some days make you wonder why you even try 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
good stuff!!!
crashing!!! goodnight 
this sucks  what is it about family that makes you want to cover yourself in gasoline and flick a match every time you see them? serenity now!!!
going to the drive-in  yeah g-force!!!
fuck this shit!
im drunk and depressed and ready to crash  i fucking hate this shit  looking foward to tomorrow when i wont be reminded of bullshit from the past 
"last night sucked ass, but maybe tonight will be better  poppa nemo's neptune orchestra is playing "
is planning on doing things that would anger jesus  (nothing gay)
poppa nemo's neptune orchestra kicked ass  great fucking night!
whats to shut off!
"hookah, you'll never let me down   smile "
"i saw the most beautiful angel under porno store lighting, and she wasn’t on a box "
boats and hoes!
happy halloween  i’m think gonna spend most of the day watching slasher flicks  cha cha cha ha ha ha 
i need to learn when to keep my thoughts to myself 
"don’t remember drinking so much last night  got home and got sick, didn’t work the stairs the best, doesn’t happen often  still drunk feeling or i got h1n1  back to bed  later "
we're not in infinity we're in the suburbs 
happy guy fawkes day
"honestly, i have no idea what you guys are talking about  i thought we were talking about petroleum  "
"do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger "
"\you can safely assume that you've created god in your own image when it turns out that god hates all the same people you do \"" --<propfemale> lamott"""
??????
i don't think it has the balls to snow hard enough today to cancel classes  com'on no classes 
"i wish people could learn that other people don’t want to hear you go the bathroom  this could all be avoided if people could shut a fucking door, but this is too much to ask i guess from your own family  all i want for x-miss is a family that’s not inconsiderate of others "
cheeeeeeeeeeesssin my brains out   smile 
bah humbug
no shoes today  free-toe'in it fo da shortys 
"i’m glad my uncle is dead  some people can't die painfully enough, but if there was anyone i knew who deserved hepatitis and aids it was uncle <propfirst>  i wish he'd rot in agony just a little longer so i could watch thank you for finally dying asshole "
getting ready for the worldwide marijuana march tomorrow  i think i’ll go in slightly formal attire  i made a tie out of fake pot leaves 
getting ready for the worldwide marijuana march tomorrow  i think i’ll go in slightly formal attire  i made a tie out of fake pot leafs 
"\darling i think you're referring to my song pina coladaburg \"""""
"\ride the tiger you can see his stripes but you know he's clean oh don't you see what i mean \"" good bye dio """
"\good-looking people turn me off  myself included \"""""
quick just don’t do something stand there!
"\would you be prepared if gravity reversed itself? the only thing i can't figure out is how to keep the change in my pockets  i've got it       nudity!\"""""
my truck got hit by an old man  bummer 
can't go back to sleep  going 4 a run 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday and to everyone who didn’t you can all go eat a bag of dicks!  smile 
suck it algeria!!!!!!!! usa usa usa
"goin running  running sucks, but not as much as being fat "
went running 
"was stung several times by pissed off bees, but is proud to say he kicked the shit out of nature today "
"\ ok mr  mayor feast your ears on this spin dr  mix  \"""""
"woke up at 4 and can't get back 2 sleep, lame  guess i'll watch rules of attraction and wish 4 sleep  goood moring btw "
"demonstrate value\engage physically\nurture dependence\neglect emotionally\inspire hope\separate entirely"
been watching lost season 1 all day  good day in my opinion 
lets do this thing!
first day of classes down  i love anthropology 
\ nobody can tell ya there's only one song worth singing they may try and sell ya \,2e260442946372b106c1b1c007f952bb,"don't eat the eggs  \ what? \don't eat the eggs  we put lsd in the eggs  \and the water  i put lsd in the main water tank  \what? but, we drank the water! \yeah!"
is reading textbooks 
is thinking about a doing a semester in england  anyone got any helpful suggestions?
"manchester united 3 , liverpool 2  suck it liverfool!!!"
went running because he saw a 1 legged guy jogging 
thinks girls with eye patches are hot 
\my daddy was a bankrobber\,2e260442946372b106c1b1c007f952bb,is e playful eriencing extreme depression 
fuck monday!!!!
"went running, gotta keep moving "
i ain't afraid of no ghost!
is taking his ass 4 a run  gotta keep my girl-ish figure 
<propmale> kong aint got shit on me!
"they lied, hard work kills lots of people "
mint-berry crunch!
"what is another word for \thesaurus\""?"""
"just a reminder, god is not real  there is a logical reason for everything  g'day "
went running 
"boobs, boobs, boobs  big bouncy boobs \                               ~walt whitman"
needs finals week 2 b over!
is die'in to go home tomarrow!
freedom!!!!!!!!
thinks we need better gun laws in this backwards country of ours 
just ran so hard he could puke 
is going to make a pot  yes!
"you might think i float, you know  maybe even walk on water and stuff but im here to tell you that, sometimes i drink out of volcanos "
no one wants to play with me   sad 
no classes  back to sleep for i 
to the gym!
"board, board, board, board, board,"
off to make a coil pot beotch 
is going asleep early  goodnight world 
to all progressives and liberals  keep hugging trees they’ll come around someday 
to the gym!
to the gym 2  the sequel
its still fucking cold!
went 4 run
running
is going 4 his 1st hour run of the day 
rad saturday just working out and watching sex and the city 
is drawing and playing with <propmale> all day 
"is sore, but still going to the gym "
the world needs hippies!!!
going for a run 
lost my phone 
going home today   ps tigerblood 
monday  nooooooooooooooooo!!!
found a stray black cat over the weekend  he kicks ass 
gonna go break-in sum new running shoes 
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support for people who suffer from depression "
sake time!!!
wishes it was friday already  my mind is trying to kill me 
needs lorazepam badly today!
is wishing people on tv would shut the hell up about <propfemale> <propfirst>  its making me ill 
unicorns and glitter!
to the gym!
is watching reefer madness and doing a ink painting  guess what im painting 
loves natural born killers!
love marijuana prohibition  save the children!
do you bite your thumb at me?
gonna go run  weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
wants a starwars boba fett lamp! hurry <propfemale>!
