e06fccdb075ee8ac1e69469f024d627f
question: does anyone know what the process is for protecting something under copyright?
mmx!
l4d2=zomgawesome!
"another boring day, tomorrow off to visit relatives "
"there, thats it  all of those darn commonapp forms are done  now to await the eventual rejection slips   "
"home, at last  *sigh* tiring day "
probably going to play games on steam for a lil while today
i just yawned so widely my jaw hurts  ow 
two more days of finals      *sigh* better get to studying    
not looking forward to writing an essay for the spanish final     
o   m     g      hardest spanish final in my life i totally bombed that essay
i have an idea  anyone want to add their voice to a podcast idea i have? it will be ind of a companion to my weekly articles  i'll let anyone join  but i will need to find a way to record it all    
"ok now that i can record sound, does anyone want to contribute to my mental popcorn podcast that i'm calling \project truth\""  no one has to contribute but if you want to it would be nice """
?don't stop believing   hold on to that feeling?
i do hope that everyone has a great summer and will miss all of you until september  happy summer 
"tomorrow is the first day of summer, i wonder what i will do all day long "
first official day of summer  yay?
"i have 3, count them, writing projects this summer  whopee for me "
"great, now i own a useless copy of c&c: the first decade "
"today is the first day of project truth, just a practice run to see if the idea works "
has a massive headache
may or may not be going airsofting today
what is up with this weather??
"project truth, my satirical podcast that brings real news stories needs you! if you wish to contribute remember to let me know  first episode done, but needs work!"
dftba!
is it just me or there not enough grubs to squish in episode 2 for that achievement   i must have missed some     
senior portraits today driving lessons at 4pm  busy schedule 
$%&# lifetouch people screwed up and ddn't call ahead of time to say senior pix are cancelled wtf??
driving lesson at 4  playing tiberium essence 
"home again, and staying home for the night"
"to make a long story short, give <propfirst> biden a sedative   "
"    such willful disregard for humanity's future     ~wallace k  breen, city 17 administrator"
been out all day getting my passport mall run costco     my feet are killing me!
"?never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you?"
cod4? yes please!!!
so completely drained  i need to sleep for a <propfemale> 
"*yawn* awake now, probably going to make this my lazy day "
"power transformer blew, power was out for a while its back now"
power blew again but i think its fixed now
has anyone else had power surges or was it just this section of town??
"every time i play an online game, my faith in humanity sinks a little lower     "
driving lesson @5pm
omg new camera! yays!
everyone who reads this status just lost the game 
boring day   probably going to play tf2 or something 
"oy, 4 more achievements for team fortress 2"
ha a driving lesson at 9am tomorrow  fml 
has a driving lesson at 9am tomorrow  fml 
"blonk, tired  early morning driving lesson drained me "
aim is refusing to let me sign on    something up with the connection anyone have ideas?
airsoft tomorrow at 10am  wohoo! watching daily show colbert report 
my life for auir!
out w  ian   goin' airsoftin' back much later 
ho-ly crap  air soft was fun but totally tired me out      
"what a nice day, although i'm probably going to spend it playing team fortress 2"
*gah* humidity iz boilin' mah bwains     
sleepy morning       probably going to try <propfemale>'s army 3 later on     
*bleh* writing a new story maybe     
what on earth is wrong with the weather gods today? i want sun!
theres a squirrel outside my window  laugh 
news flash: all of our favorite celebrities are dropping dead  wtf??!!
i am having this weird need to watch babylon 5 again      
here's a thought  what would an emo version of <propfirst> pan look like???
back from another early morning driving lesson    excuse me while i go have a heart attack in private     
it's almost july and we still haven't had a significant day of sunlight  what on earth is wrong with this place??
"another long, boring week i predict    "
a day spent gaming is a day well wasted
boredom is eating my bwains    
"and here i was, hoping this fourth of july would finally see some sunlight  guess not "
"another long, cold, boring, <propfemale> day comes to an end "
ghost huntas!!!!!!
one word for today: blah!
another wonderful day in the irc neighborhood 
"goodnight, moon     that is if its actually visible through the clouds"
"almost thr 4th, massive food run was successful  num-nums for a long while!"
"well f@%ktoast, the fireworks are canceled? i'll just watch the daily show "
listening to the pitter-patter of rain   
"happy 4th, one and all!"
another boring day today: installing neotokyo 
"installed neotokyo, wow is it laggy"
"another new game, got rid of cross fire in exchange for sudden attack "
"alrighty, sudden attack is an alright game  i'd like ti better if the graphics were better "
uploaded a ton of pictures!!
oh no! chatspike is broken! i can't get on the escapist irc channel! noooooooooooooooooooooo!
irc is working again *sigh of relief*
"oh wheee, thunderstorms"
"saw \up\"" today  dug is so cute  smile """
?people always told me be careful of what you do and don't go around breaking young girls' hearts and mother always told me be careful of who you love and be careful of what you do 'cause the lie becomes the truth?
"had a slightly boring, slightly interesting day but now i just want to plunk my arse down and watch some ghost hunters "
"tomorrow definitely i'm going to start my next story, putting it off for too long "
mum wants me to help clear out the basement   *ugh*
"i need to get around to writing more stuff, im starting to slack too much "
en taro adun
"ugh  was in boston all dam day, now i'm home and am watchin' sg:a and eureka "
"samanosuke vs gray fox, who wins?"
debating whether or not to download war rock     oh yeah and might <propfemale> w  e latah
facebook layout applications=fail
note to self: update myspace some day    getting stagnant 
why did the theme song to scooby doo pop into my head just now?
i dunno what to do tonight at all 
i just lost the game     again     
finally real summer weather is gracing us with its presence
?i am the face of your affliction  feeding new life through the cracks in your skull ?
"?from early days of infancy, through trembling years of youth, long murky middle-age and final hours long in the tooth, he is the hundred names of terror --- creature you love the least  picture his name before you and exorcise the beast ?"
work work work     
is it jsut me or does the current pope look like emperor palpatine just a bitty bit
"ow, burned the roof of my mouth =["
*massive yawn* mornin' world!
"long and quite boring day  unsure of what to do tonight, or even what to have for dinner  so discombobulated right now "
*clunk* tired    bored     on the irc
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored
*massive yawn* tiredness is me      
"another boring day, might upload pictures later  might now "
defragging for eternity     
starcraft: <propfemale> is complete  beta testing is now in effect 
i cna now play pokemon platinum on my computer  joyful 
"apparently the only way to save the world is drink less water, breathe less, drive less, and revert back to pre-industrial conditions  fat <propmale>!"
boring day   
"airsfot today, maybe, driving lesson went fine  saw a turkey omg!"
home  tired  headache 
"watching the new unskippable, then maybe bfme:wotwk"
needs to break this massive mental roadblock keeping me from writing stuff 
"quick history lesson, boys n girls  who said this quote \these are the times that try men's souls \"""""
shall be watching the watchmen tonite  smile 
playin' rotwk then *maybe* go see hp 'roud 4-ish?
pretty much saw <propmale> potter just for <propfemale> lovegood
rain always makes me feel       blah
*bork*
"may take more photographs tonight, try out the starry sky mode on the camera "
another <propfemale> day     yay?
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood    
i hear thunder in the distance    
"finally, this is real summer weather!"
"seven stars, seven stones and one white tree"
"a new mmo to play, perhaps this will help distract me "
after all these weeks of doing nothing i'm finally getting around to writing stuff again 
"the first person to \like\"" this status is my stalker """
i will nap *thunk* here!
the return to school is looming on the horizon  *shiver*
"alright, the next person to engage in whingeing tweenage romance in my presence gets beaten by the beating stick  we are what, 17? 18? we can do better than this folks!"
"another day fades, another day closer to the return    *grumble*"
there are few people on this planet who can burst out singing disney showtunes in public and not be embarrassed 
according to my calendar there was a total lunar eclipse last night in south <propfemale>    
"i don't trust any news program, i get my news from british spies     i mean \i dont have any spies\"""""
i would say hat my room is clean but the hungry sphinxes sitting on my desk aren't fed yet     need more souls
"i think i'm a good person, but the tourists tied up in my basement beg to differ     "
you know you are reeeallllllllyyyyyyyy bored when watching a fly smacking into an outdoor light is enthralling to you
"not braining today, i have the dumb"
you know who i blame for global warming? charizard 
"bleah, nothing to do except sit on the escapist irc channel all day again     "
its all fun and games until the crazy ex comes waltzing in and fucks it all up
"alrighty then, who has been lurking on my facebook sabotaging me      fess up!"
"ze facebook, its gone mad i tell you, mad!"
can't believe the things people do sometimes     *shakes head*
can't beleive it took me this long to finally watch both hellboy movies   
i cast flare!
leave it to a woman to get angry at me for a completely imaginary reason    
"no matter where you go, there you are"
"back from week long trip to nyc, lots of pictures  wondering when school starts so i can dread that day   "
this heat makes me soooooo lazy  just want to sit down and watch something on tv       or on hulu    *bleh*
"*sigh* one of these days, there will be a way to make the left and the right finally see eye to eye  and then my arse will sprout wings and fly me to the <propfemale> "
ok people lets set the record straight and end the debate  the only man on this planet allowed to <propfemale> is <propfirst> bowie  thats it!
"finally got around to playing some halo 3 online, too hot to do anything really "
"halo 3 players, check out my fileshare  midnight188  2 new map variants "
*yawn* another monday     maybe i will work on my novel today    
"work, hooray for kittens!"
"question: which wharf is the cape an whale watch at, i can't remember    "
computer is broken  sad  grafix card went splode  will be offline for long while  apologies 
"has dancer's hip and as a shoutout to the student council, thanks a bunch for setting up an amazing senior cruise  it was an amazing night, unfortunately my computer is still down  sad "
computer problem may be more than just the card  the slot on the board for the card is broken apparently so i can only use the on-board one  its always the motherboard isn't it??
"computer is back, yay computer!"
"ugh, resetting up mirc  grr "
time to get back on the ball writing my novel    
got my liscence  hooray! *sigh of releif*
one of these days i'll figure a way to make myself write more     but not today    
most us currency is 10% cocaine? what????? is cnn lieing to me again?
wow     i'm reviving mental popcorn just to adress this healthcare issue before anyone makes any uninformed decisions 
"hmmm what to do today   halo, cod4, supcom or hulu?"
*yawn* tired today  slept a little late 
i eat far too much peanut butter than is probably healthy    
*ugh* should not eat so many tater chips  especially reduced fat ones 
work today  stomach hurts 
so ungodly sick today
stop! hammer time!
"?i know you know that  i'm not telling the truth  i know you know they  just don't have any proof  embrace the deception, learn how to bend  your worst inhibitions,  they will psych you out in the end?"
out sick today  if anyone would be so kind as to forward me my homework   
"sickness is clearing up, slowly  hopefully i will feel well enough to go to school tomorrow  though my stomach still hurts  i blame undercoked chicken nuggets "
anyone who was in my classes mind telling me whats for homework tonight i'll see if i can do some of it 
still sick with e coli  will be back maybe next week 
getting better  will be back on monday for sure 
needs to play catch-up on all the homework he missed while sick  nothings free   
new chinese buffet in gloucester is actually pretty darn good!
 laugh 
*finally* back to school  dear gods how much did i miss?
"farewell to false pretention, farewell to hollow words, farewell to fake affection, farewell tomorrow burns   "
"live messenger is broken, seriously  \your message was not received by <propmale> recipients\"" is code for someone at microsoft is watching porn and not doing their job """
reprinting mental popcorns 1 & 2  (sex <propmale> dosen't work) and (quiality is dead)
"it is a fact i probably hate anytihng you think is \fab\"" or \""hot\""  its called \""being cynical\"""""
"well, its time to revive mental popcorn  so get out your shotgun, batten down your hatches  its time to tear our culture a new one in the name of better understanding  so get your surplus bile and cynicism ready folks, its time to dive into the thick of it  so tell me folks what do you want me to rip on?"
dooddlebobbers are to this generation what hula-hoops were to the 80's generation!
mmmm another tuesday of no television shows to watch  ho hum 
hollywood prooves that you can be a completely airheaded douche or douchebagguette and still make more money than god  fahbulous ain't it?
"?ohhhhhhhhh  we're off to see the wizard    ? sing it, folks!"
take it as a  given that everything i do probably mocks you you and or what you like 
sing-along folks its musical time! ?hakuna matata    what a wonderful phrase   ?
"per-maybe-haps i shall work on confession today, yes?"
f-cking <propfirst>'s driveway so bloody narrow had to scrape the bumper off just to get out  i hate parking up there 
"i have names for every book in the illumination cycle  memoirs of a ghost-thief, after nightfall, beyond the sunrise, seeker of the song---shadow rising, fear of the dark, the last apocrypha---undying night, past fortune, beyond the outer gates, the seventh knight  (a --- indicates a timeline gap, changing generations )"
bloody eck missed psych last night  bollocks!
"as a general rule, legislation is pretty much one steps forward, two steps back  in this case its the dems take 2 steps forward and the gop takes a flamethrower and torch the constitution then smoke its ashes oh and they take two steps back "
?your truth is absolution's end?
?so lost in your affliction  the solemn comfort of your grave if you close your eyes the light can't take it away  so lost in your addiction  the solemn comfort of your grave  if you close your eyes the light can't take it away  ?
i better get crackin' on my short story  must finish before christmas    
happiness is a myhbusters marathon
its always funny until someone spontaniously combusts  then its hilarious 
"\i won't conform to what i see in you  i wont surrender what i am  and even if it was a part of me  i'll never be that way again \"""""
got 100 on my first escapist quiz ever  whee!
"a mishmash of disney songs, demon <propmale>'s song \not i\"" and some weird japanese electronica song are playing in my head right now  help??"""
"lots of stuff to do tomorrow  london trip meeting, senior dindins, college planning nite  blarhg!"
"if any believe they can connive me with hollow, flowering words they are mistaken  no one but me commands me "
lost all my dinner tickets  sad  mom threw them out on me 
"finally, more stuff for the illumination cycle  <propfemale> and <propfemale> as avatars of the all-seeing eye?"
i want a giant plush swine flu microbe 
the epitome of boredom is world-building for two book series at the same time 
there are moments where i kinda wish that rhs had a glee club      
"just need to kick back, relax, and watch some family guy "
the universe is conspiring against me today 
"oh goodness gracious, trying to remember some book i read when i was little  with stories like \the bunyip\"" in it  oh bloody 'ell """
going to watch coraline later in 3d!!!
*clunk* i'm all creativitied out  re-edited pox demora for content  my neck hurts 
rain sucks
*blonk* every time i hafta do this project me interviwee vanishes  grr 
everyone on facebook just lost the game
"why can't we just combine the two into \most likely to take over the world via dancing\"""""
"actually rewind a second, sicne when the heck was i an \integral aprt of this class\""? i thought i was supposed to be shunned """
*puts on his passive-agressive cap* some people need to learn to face their problems face-to-face  *takes passive-aggressive cap off and puts on normal hat* yay its wednesday!
screaming at your television will not make stuff happen 
"lemme get one thing straight there  acorn is evil, we know that  but overly criticizing the president, who just a year ago you said doing so was treason, are not allowed to criticize the president  ergo, must find another way to vent your anger  like twitter "
"whatever it is, its probably 50% my fault      "
"?what would you think if i sang out of tune  would you stand up and walk out on me  lend me your ears and i'll sing you a song, and i'll try not to sing out of key?"
working on my j&l project  need a poster by monday! eek!!
"goodness gracious, i love destinos subs"
"you know what? f*ck it, both the republicans and democrats can't get anything done  i'm moving to sweden    "
i just looked at what genres of music i have in my itunes  wow  everything from classical to heavy metal     indie rock gods are leased?
"one day, facebook will be a required part of life  like twitter  it will me linked to our own bodies so it can tell where we are and what we are doing by reading brainwaves  and it can tweet whatever we think "
going to finally get to watching coraline  in 3d!
seriously thinks its time he contemplate what his ghost story is going to be    
"bleahhhhh, cruddy rainy day  go away!"
"\fascism will come to <propfemale> wrapped in a flag and carrying a bible \"" - sinclair <propfirst>"""
"funny how words like \nom\"" can become words     gotta love the internet"""
theres nothing to do     
if the world were a children's story        i would be jaffar       
<e playful letive> j&l projects
finished my j&l project in record time  *whew*
"\doesn't help that 80% of the female population are bona fide whores \""- newclassic"""
"without big bang theory, mondays would suck"
i need to find the poem from the dark is rising somewhere     its cool
i think i found a flaw in your rhetoric     
"wow, mr  d hit the nail on head again  women these days do tend to dress like hookers "
"almost done worldbuilding for the illumination cycle  the seven knights, inception of the order, the severed legion and the extended history of the order needs to be written "
"all of life's problems are best solved like in scribblenauts, just summon cthulhu"
ghost hunters destination truth later
"grr, i hate projects! why must there always be projects!"
well     the end of school today was     interesting
need to get cracking on my book list     
"finally, an idea for this year's ghost story  this years genre of choice, cerebral horror  \the candelabra of dark magic\"""""
i solemnly swear that i am up to no good      
"whats worse, taking the sats or installing insulation??"
"oh hooray, tomorrow i get to make a poster on the independence war in bangladesh for icj"
"i could sleep for a <propfemale> and never be fully rested, damn'd insomnia"
hooray for sleeping until 11am  sucks theres only one more day of sleeping late left  sad 
"i has tons of <propfemale>, but i no allowed to eat it  epic suck!"
if only i had a cheshire cat    
welcome to hell: over 10 billion already served    
i crave brownies    
"17 days until all hallows <propfemale>, and my new story  pre-writing needs to be started    "
blerg  gray and icky day  no like 
love how ideas can coalesce so quickly  story will be started soon 
headache
"it is tuesday, yet it feels like monday "
feels like bursting out into song    but the neighbors don't want to hear it 
"?evil woman how you done we wrong, but now you're tryin' to wail a different song   ?"
"*sigh* halloween, the one time of year when it is ok to dress like a slut and not draw the ire of the over-40s "
"starting writing my story today, for sure  candelabra of dark magic must be out by oct 31!"
"how auspicious, my rp is finally standing on its own  next stop, the escapist rp digest?"
ghost hunters then destination truth  then bed 
"starting candelabra of dark magic tomorrow, promise   smile "
starting writing for candelabra of dark magic: so hopefully everyone can wait until monday to see it?
i must now powernap before writing  tuckered out  only wake me if i start sleep talking 
"goodness gracious, so much writing needs doing  its overwhelming "
i have thing uncontrollable urge to humming yellow submarine all of a sudden
"listening to music, reading mlia and playing pokemon monopoly by myself  most fun saturday ever "
if i dress up as gomez from the addams family who else will be the rest of the characters?
error: brain has become decoupled from propriety and political correctness gland please reconnect  disconnection can cause brain-mouth filter errors 
just wrote an entire paper in under an hour  yay me 
love how i was supposed to write my story but ended up just working laboriously on my rp
i'm just gonna go curl up in the corner here and sleep for a moon       *tired*
"hey, anyone want <propmale> potter trivia game <propmale> potter clue?"
"where has all the time gone? the days we thought would drag on and on have now passed like sand in an hourglass  as i look back i wonder if it was all worth it     all the stress, heartbreak, fun, crazy nights, wild weekends  will we one day look back on this and be proud, or ashamed?"
"the gods' greatest gifts to us are the things we take most for granted  take time to appreciate the little things in life  because it is a sad and lonely world out there, and it might feel futile  find a way to smile every day "
it'd be nice if once and a while i was allowed to voice my opinion without getting shouted down 
can i just say right now shutter shades make everyone look like a douche
two stories to work on  blah!
"the first person to \like\"" this status is my new #1 stalker """
"finally started candelabra of dark magic, if anyone wants to do an illustration of vanish for me that would be awesome "
if i dress up as gomez from the addams family for halloween who will be my morticia?
"bizzaro day today, love discussing inner morality with my sociology class    even though my idea of \morality\"" is skewed in-and-of itself """
?no you girls never know     how you make a boy feel!?
dammit i hate when dad tries to cook when he's totally baked 
did they change facebook again!
"?farewel to false pretension, farewell to hollow words, farewell to fake affection, farewell tomorrow burns    ?"
i am tired of facebook schizophrenically changing itself    when will it choose an identity?! facebook has become a teenager    
"i don't know what to look at live feed or news feed for constant updates?! grrr, this is confusing    "
working on the rest of candelabra probably all day      and working on the rp too
"last warm day until next summer, gonna go savor it "
"the first person to \like\"" this status is my #1 stalker for next week"""
goodnight <propfemale>    
only a few days until all hallows <propfemale>!! too bad i have j&l and a story to write 
quickly name the character within the arabian nights who tells all the stories  cookie for a right answer!
oh look at that     this week is already flying by     
catholics want the anglicans back now? is this like some sort of confusing edition of punk'd? oh i see    they are bigoted towards homosexuals      well now it makes sense 
if i started a young writer's club  would anyone join?
i have a strange feeling that its going to rain of halloween and i'm gonna be pissed 
homework  story to write  host hunters destination truth tonight 
*grr* commonapp hates chrome!
follow me on twitter! follow jacksonoconnor
"the circuit board of my head has more than one button you shouldn't touch  mostly thats the sex drive knob, the angry button or the off switch  those are for me only  and whoever likes this status first "
just got his sat scores  1430!
"home  needs to get in \essay\"" mode """
*help me finish the team rocket theme folks!* prepare for trouble!
"dftba, folks  smile "
happy halloween!
telling stories tonight at the costume part saladd is putting on at the teen center at 10 smile 0  come on down!!
"tis the sunset, and with it creeps the twisted mockery of our world that is the day of eternal night"
"at the teen center, helping the saladd girls prep  telling fortunes and telling ghost stories later!!"
so tired  yesterday was great  now i need to get into essay mode to fill out the first of 2 common app essays  whee!
"i think your confusing \looks like\"" with \""is\"" http annoyed  totallylookslike files wordpress com 2009 11 129013781780750239 jpg"""
boredom
blames pbs and their special on latin music for getting these songs tuck in my head  so darn catchy!!!
"shut up facebook, you are not \working on chat at this time\"" you just suck """
i hate mondays
the steam coming out my ears is just all the pent up anger wanting to be given voice
college essay or english essay  which one should i stress about first??
v is on tonight!
"high school isn't the end of the world  it is bitter, boring and painful  drama doesn't end when you walk out those doors  it gets worse  learn to appreciate the little things in life, don't judge, live your life the way you want  life is routine, only you can make it worth living "
"would anyone who likes writing creatively be willing to start a little informal group to maybe share stories, get feedback and constructive criticism?"
ghost hunters destination truth tonight!!
"internet cookie to the person who knows who \the goblin king\"" or \""ziggy stardust\"" was """
heh lvoe the escapist irc and springing a random trivia question on newclassic 
ghost hunters and destination truth later
wonder whats on tv tonight i could watch    
got accepted to nscc  need to start writing my next story  also need to think more about common app essays 
ughhhhhhhh so bored!!!!
"i'm tired, so bloody tired    i think i'll sleep right here at the keyboard    zzzzzzzzzzzz"
fridays stink
"i need to get back to writing dreamscar, it needs <propmale> work "
"tired and bored  weekend is going to be nothing but writing stuffs  essays, essays, essays     "
brainstorming college essays    
i'm too tired today to think
who you gonna call?
totally going to write one of those essays today  then download dragonica online  the bastard child of maplestory and world of warcraft 
"that short answer commonapp writing thing is done now, now to choose what essay i want to write  whats a good topic?"
"\desperation breeds the darkest and cruelest parts of the mind \"" ~midnight wroth (shadow rising)"""
assassins creed ii looks aweomse  i ? ezio
retrospectively watching all of the zps from start to finish
working on ideas for my college essay       this poetry unit in creative writing is looking to be less fun than i imagined 
"like this status if you remember all the words to \circle of life\"""""
going to bed     
the grave is no bar to my call
kitkat did not want to go to the vet today  you shoulda seen it    
double-sided <propmale> of wonder with weird side-effects=win
role #01 of the internet: unless you are <propfemale> arcade or a youtube <propfemale>; no one probably knows you exist except fans 
internet rule 02: farmville=crack 
to make a note  you are not allowed to skype me unless you tell me 24 hours in advance 
i do believe it is time for some rock band
i need ideas for candelabra of dark magic sequel's title  help?
"decided on a title for candelabra of dark magic's sequel  \the shadows tell lies\"""""
---- hate rain  playing c&c renegade for lols
http annoyed  loadingreadyrun com videos view 341 the-superintendents-sorrow
slowly learning how to play on medium difficulty on rock band 
clearing my twitter followers      i only actually want like 5 or 6 people to follow me but i have 22 folowers  *ugh*
"love when my internet dies, only aim can't reconnect  aol, you suck   "
mondays would suck except for himym and big bang theory 
"i would work on my crative writing, but i forgot my notebook  it doesn't matter, when i rant at all i make people angry "
college essay idea finally    
"switching his game up and doing his creative writing projects and working on his next big story  i decided to stop writing an affair of the heart\ and save it for christmas  and hold \""the shadows tell lies\"" till next year and do \""la <propfemale> tragedia\"""""
rock & roll fans name the on-stage personas of all four members of the band kiss
must   complete     solo tour for rock band on   medium difficulty      fingers hurt too much!
?oh i just can't wait to be <propmale>!?
"i don't need to enter into combat with anyone  but involve me in a dramatic display, and there is nothing under heaven's eye that will keep me from defending my honor, my word and my thoughts  and unto this: a warning   i do not do drama  take note of this for future reference  i thank thee for listening facebook, go back to what you were doing before i so rashly interrupted "
"it's almost like republicans haven't realized women have rights and stuff    to do with their body what they want  it's 2009 for us, its 1878 for conservative republicans "
half-days always confuse me  homework out the nose to work on today 
since i've got a lot of surplus bile left over from this particular display let me say that if anyone else wants to tell me how to live my life then please leap out of a plane and land anus first in the spire of saint <propfirst>'s cathedral 
watching dragnet w  dad
had an actually pretty good day   
having a hard time getting any thoughts out for my next story      hate writers block!
mall day    mother wants to go shopping for little <propfirst>'s birthday   and i need new headphones   
friggin headache
going to play moar rock band!
turkey day coming soon     mmmm food     
seems to have ballroom blitz stuck in his head     *grawr!*
"tired, need to lay down "
"damn you, elusive famine skull  damn you!!"
annoyance-o-meter    <-------------|-> 90% kitten beating imminent!
"happy gluttony day! (seriously, we give thanks for stuff by stuffing ourselves? fail)"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ibd3fmngi98
jeez we've got enough food in this house to last through the apocalypse 
dear facebook: you are not encountering une playful ected errors you are just being a twat as usual 
"forge edit isn't cooperating, as usual  i;'ll add it to my fileshare see if someone can fix it "
"the guardians of light are getting the novelette treatment! the only issue with this? moving it into a relatable, modern setting  and the guardians exist in a steampunk vision of our world so     there may be shades of bioshock in these stories (i'm pushing it to 1945 instead of now)"
my internet is imploding  ahhhhh!
"at some indeterminate point in time, the media began confusing romantic love with lust and sex  this must change "
boring sunday  combat arms and or halo 3 today on the gaming agenda 
re-watching babylon 5 season 1
my 360 bit me!!
another school day tomorrow  ho-hum 
?it's more than  feeling     ?
rejoice! la <propfemale> tragedia has a release date that i'm adhering to! december 20th 
for change lets have a story about aliens that don't want to kill us all?
*headdesk* project ahoy! environmental problems in <propfemale> for icj  yippe 
time to put on my creativity hat  la <propfemale> tragedia needs writing 
"i swear to god! i'm going to bring a motor scooter or something to school, fit a cow catcher to it and plow the freaking people out of my way to i can get to class!"
"the social deadliest sins (according to a high-school age female, some exceptions apply)  hating twilight, hating rap, hating boy bands, stealing someones boyfriend, getting stuck with a huge texting <propmale>  like this if you've broken one of these rules and committed a social deadly sin in the eyes of your more shallow, fellow peers "
"note to universe: adding erroneous accents to letters like a cedilla to a c or diaereses to a u or an a or erroneous circumflexes and accents doesn't make you smart it makes you an idiot  and § means section, µ means micro, ð is eth, þ is thorn they are not ds or ps  an o with a stroke like this ø is not a normal o it makes it more of a u sound like a diaereses shorter  learns some f-king grammar people!"
icj project+college essay+story=too much writing! brain ehsploding!
"notes, notes, notes          china project needs so many notes"
ghost hunters tonight   
"write this your calendars, those who care to read my next story  la <propfemale> tragedia will be released december 20th, 2009  it will first be released here on facebook as an electronic version and then there will be one finally copy you can request  leave requests in comments here or the release announcement "
rhyming isn't my thing    
la <propfemale> tragedia is 3 4ths done  but being written all out and edited are two different things 
?nothing ever lasts forever  every-body wants to rule the world    ?
"frakk! are you telling me i lost the bet again! i bet 10 days! frakktoast! grrr, i must now submit to punishment "
*yawn!* brain is burnt out from too much writing 
reading can be an addiction sometimes  can't pry myself off of inkdeath 
"for once, a friday that didn't suck     "
"some shrews, you just can't tame    even with a silly hamburger hat and general silliness"
"there, thats it  la <propfemale> tragedia is done writing wise  now begins the long process of editing "
"shopping excursion was successful! now, time to edit for content in my new story!"
watching national treasure with mom   
*yawn*
homework is all done  probably am going to buckle down and start writing my college essay 
"today at 1pm, the cape <propfemale> animal aid is having an open house  you should check it out!"
   and it all begins with a dream   
me tired! brain all gone sploosh
"apparently, scientists in russia have invented vodka pills  like tylenol, except it gets you shitfaced "
"aha! what foul thorns doth prick? to summon such vile and grotesque anger? lighting the cynical flame, to blister all with acid tongue  it is a waste of the talents of a silver tongue   "
"too many ideas, too small of a brain     "
"anyone want to suggest any games i should waste my time on  except farmville, i'm not playing that "
i guess i'll go to sleep   nothing left for me to do today   
going to the class dinner  then i have homework to trudge through 
trivia time! name 3 female characters from any shakespeare comedy 
ghost hunters!!
the universe is a beautiful place indeed     
"?you don't say 'good luck' on opening night!? break a leg, drama-llamas!"
"writing my new post-apocalypse book \one minute to midnight\"" and it's actually quite difficult """
?be true to your heart?
"combat arms, halo 3 and writing one minute to midnight  lots of stuff to do!!"
dec 20th is fast approaching! release is still scheduled then for la <propfemale> tragedia 
"writing, writing, writing"
is it odd i use guild wars as a chat engine now instead of a game?
watched the uncut <propfirst> branagh version of hamlet today  oy was that long 
another long week ahead   
"actually drove by himself for the first time t'day  it went well, as you can see  i must now go lie down and stop shaking    "
10 days till christmas!
is going to do his homework  yay studying!
o-m-g-z  so many things need doing i a short time span  blarg!!
you ever wonder what the world would be like if every day was like a musical??
"one minute to midnight has a plot!! yay! oh yeah and it looks like i have to scrap the release for ldt, ms  ferazzi is busy with drama llama stuff and can't edit "
apparently my birthday is also national chocolate mint appreciation day  wtf?
"the tea party needs to drink some paint and retard themselves out of existence, though at their current rate of crazy that doesn't seem far off  i'm a republican, and this just makes me sad for my party    *sigh*"
"unfortunately, i cannot release la <propfemale> tragedia  my editor, ms  ferazzi (bless her soul) has been up to her eyeballs in drama stuff but she's promised to take a look at it  fingers crossed!!"
i'm feeling a little bit of grinchyness coming on
going to bed in my frigid room   yay   
lotsa stuff to doooo        christmas party t'day
snow!  laugh 
"hmmm  can't pick  person of influence or topic of choice? decisions, decisions    "
finished his essay for commonapp
"?hey! chingedy <propfemale>,<propfemale> haw <propfemale> haw it's <propmale> the donkey  <propfemale>edy <propfemale>, <propfemale> haw <propfemale> haw  the italian christmas donkey ?"
"i think everyone should start playing \the warlords\"" i need allies!!"""
i just realized believing in the tooth <propfemale> encourages children to sell body parts for money 
"#137779 out of 3,000,000 in combat arms  slight yay "
christmas <propfemale> ghost hunters marathon!
"happy christmas to all, and to all a good night   "
irver updates galore to get ut3 to work  *sigh* hate stop errors 
"got unreal tournament 3 for xmas  bro got mw2  tis a day of great gaming, it is "
updated unre<propmale> tournament 3  fin<propmale>ly i can play online with other people  i think i know what i'm doing <propmale> day today  nothing like a vacation to waste time on video games 
"i read 7 different webcomics  ctrl-alt-del, lfg, licd, pvp, qc, starslip and xkcd      i feel as if i read too many "
whats to say reality isn't a dream and the dream is reality?
?you might as well be walkin' on the sun?
everyone who plays the warlords needs to start boycotting now  their new changes make the game un-playable 
"my story, one minute to midnight, is on fiction press  a lot of good that does since i have no idea how to edit it and i have to delete then reupload the story a bajillion times every time i make a change "
"just found out his rp, http annoyed  www escapistmagazine com forums read 362 148911, has been ripped off on the original nintendo magazine website  darn internet pirates!"
"found a new band to listen to  yay! its called \becoming the archetype\"""""
"happy 2011, just 1 more year till the end of the world!  laugh "
*insert <propmale> python line here*
packing my ipod with beatles tunes  smile 
?didn't see the backlash when the tide began to rise?
"semper patiens, folks "
?the reason gone and damage stays?
hit another writing roadblock and can't think  why doesn't this surprise me?
"there, la <propfemale> tragedia is done and edited  anyone want the hard copy? leave a comment here otherwise read the internet copy under my notes "
i have 281 friends here  but i know nothing about most of them  isn't that sad 
"cooking i can do  baking, not so much   "
"as a rule, i don't believe anything the government tells me  or the media, the media is just a glorified public relations front for the government "
another long evening    
"why do i write if no one reads it, except for me and people i specifically ask to read it?"
spending his long friday night playing unreal tournament 3    
?all you need is love?
i should take some time to write more today    
tired and have a headache
"?but i'm almost out of breath from saying things that i'll regret  my time is over  i can't do this alone  i'm infected with you, pull the plug already tell me before i go that you're infected with me ?"
?this isn't me i used to say all the love was so gone it feels good to be alive because i've been dead for so long?
another long day
i don't think my post-apocalypse story is really going anywhere  so it's going in the rear of my list of current projects 
"shifting my writing power from my post-apocalypse novel which is going nowhere to my new story \east coast dreaming\"" """
writing ahoy! 2 writing assignments at once! wheeee!
just realized an iphone has a significantly higher net worth than a single human life 
no shortage of work to do today   
"ghi tonight, but first must watch end of time part 1!"
"one of the many certainties in the teenage life, homework  along with infidelity, nasty school lunches and tools in the form of students or teachers "
a fuck-ton of notes to go over for <propfemale> bio final 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour"
most definetly finishing end of time tonight  *sniffle* i don't wanna see tennant go!!
=[ algebra ii and <propfemale> bio exams tomorrow 
"chapter 1 of \east coast dreaming\"" be written    30 something chapters to go"""
"i find it quite ironic that this country is built on a foundation of freedom, yet we continue to be biased against people who aren't like us  i dunno, it just seems that way "
"why is it when i click on photo comments it doesn't show me anything just a blank facebook <propfemale> and each time its a different link  \photo comments  \""comments on your photos\"" \""tagged photos\"" wtf?"""
enough with the snow already!!
"in the past 11 or so minutes did 2 people randomly tag and or comment on any photos i might have posted? because facebook is sending me weird \someone has commented on your photo\"" inserting a persons name where \""someone\"" is """
"i think i just figured out how to fix the federal budget deficit  tax the catholic church's real estate holdings  hell, if you taxed all churches you'd wipe out the national debt "
"a friendship built on lies can't stay up for long  especially not poorly told lies  not everyone is as perfect as you think they are, no one is as pure as you think they are "
omgz study brit lit till my eyes fall out 
tomorrow is overlooked pet adoption day at the cape <propfemale> animal aid! you should check it out!!!!!!!
friggin headache        annoyed 
probably going to finish chapter 2 of east coast dreaming some time before sunday  stay tuned on that one    
    in totally unrelated news finally clearing up college applications stuff  yay?
"has a lot of writing to do to get chapter 2 of east coast dreaming up, gotta keep moving with these projects "
needs 1 21 jiggawatts of powah!
discombobulate is word????? lolwut?
"omg new demon <propmale> album due out march 9th!!!!!!!!! \the world is a thorn\"""""
"apparently, putting a portable crt tv in a microwave creates a blast with roughly 3 sunshine units and a medium sized poof  1 sunshine unit is enough to burn your skin, so imagine 3 times that  kids, do not put portable crt tvs into microwaves, you will turn yourself into goop "
a long and boring day ahead   
"long day, need a nap  probably will watch something later  *yawn*"
gah! the bridge! it's full of stars!
"?hit me with your rhythm stick? <= why does this sound like a \thats what she said\""?"""
"another long day has ended  the guardians of london rp is nearing its end <propfirst>, it's been a long and fun run but it will be over soon  after party?  laugh "
"?our careless feet leaving trails, never minding the fragile dirt we all end in?"
"how to get people to eat things, tell them its got chocolate in it somewhere   "
"well, on the plus die  at least its friday tomorrow    thats something right??"
should probably take some time to write more
the only thing in life that is truly free is love  we just don;t give it as much though 
one looooooooooooooooooooooooooong day ahead
"internet was down this morning, but now it is back! *pets internet*"
"i have seen the antichrist, and his name is <propfirst> beck "
working on the next chapter of east coast dreaming  really difficult to describe this new setting 
nobody likes roasted nuts    
"pick me up and throw me down and break me at the wrist, but i will not shatter so easily"
"the question is not \what are we?\"" it is more along the lines of \""will it blend\"" or \""is it a good idea to microwave this?\"""""
"fire and brimstone shall be your inheritance, should you fail this final test  onwards into the light, lest you be marred by the dark "
"more essays, yahoo    "
headache + environmental science hw= rage
wishes people would read his stories   
started playing fallout 3  the world is so huge! omg!
"catch a falling <propfemale> and put it in your pocket, never let it fade away  catch a falling <propfemale> and put it in your pocket, save it for a rainy day "
"dear winter, can you stop making it so darn cold? i want it to be summer now  kthxbai "
lots of research to do *sigh* research papers are the bane of my existance
boring day ahead  whopeee 
honestly does not care who wins the superbowl
"headache, boring day, tomorrow is tape <propmale> perkins to the wall  yay!"
once upon a win    
for cat owners: step one of doing anything- remove cat from whatever you are doing 
"homework for a while, math math math    "
ideas are finally flowing freely here again
"it has curiously struck me that we actually a strange sense of pleasure from the defacement and transformation of our own bodies  as though, by mastering our appearance, we are mastering nature  making perfect the imperfect  a curious thought "
vacation soon? means birthday is in 8 days   i don't know whether i should be excited or not   
"long day spent taking a tour of umass dartmouth  nice place, really hard to find "
another night spent poking around the same 4 websites bored out of my mind 
"single's awareness day is tomorrow, show your support of single's awareness and hug a single you know tomorrow "
"after one long year, the guardians of light is over  hooray!"
another long day comes to a close *yawn*
finally got around to buying a copy of world war z   
theres always new ideas   
up way way way to early x(
yay  i get to spend today writing essays *whoop-de-doo*
accepted at umass dartmouth
took a tour of umass <propmale>  nicer architecturally and friendlier  much more spread out    
happy birthday to me?        but i don't wanna be old!!!!! x(
nothing much to do today besides play wow     
hate researching!  annoyed 
internets are going down! might not be on for a while 
one more essay to write for sociology     its like pulling teeth out of an angry bull 
a night spent futzing over a calculator doing algebra is certainly my idea of a fun night  *eye roll*
"seriously, i need to clear something up society  when will you realize obsession over idiots just keeps them in the spotlight and doesn't stick them where they belong, in the alleyway shooting heroin and buying crack whores "
"alright, thats it, i've had enough  i'm changing parties permanently     the republican party is all run by hooting howler monkeys who fling poo now    "
?we didn't start the fire    though we didn't light it but we tried to fight it?
been playing wow since four days ago and already in level 22 and defeated dar'khan  wtf?
"what should write more in: fantasy fiction, teen fiction or supernatural horror?"
accepted at umass <propmale>  must've written one hell of an essay  playful 
power is back in the cove
"tiring day today was, don't wanna go to school tomorrow      sad "
will the republicans ever be happy with the concessions the president makes for them? short answer: no  long answer: nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo*passes out*
"dreamscar mythology, teen fiction novel and a side of theatrical drama on my writing plate "
ding!
"the planet is fine, the people are fucked"
"this \things fall apart\"" book is the most nothing book i think i've ever attempted to read  i can feel my neurons struggling to connect """
spirit week soon? yikes! if only i had a black trilby an a black trenchcoat      *trails off*
time to decide whether to axe my current writing project and continue on with one i've shelved  y n ?
the platypus: proof that god does smoke pot     
"imagine your worst nightmare you could ever imagine, now imagine a world with the tea party in control  i bet you thought of the exact same nightmare, plus or minus pedobear "
"has a plan for the senior entrance, after thinking about it for a good long while      "
?summer breeze makes me feel fine?
"decided to announce my next short story so when i finish this one, east coast dreaming,  y'all know whats next on the menu  hope you like apocalyptic fiction "
blehhh throat hurts     
1 day down 4 more to go 
"2 days down, 3 to go  2k10!"
"3 days down, 2 more to go  <propmale> contreras was awesome in the dance competition "
innovation > imitation  just sayin'
"lemme get this straight: it's not ok to question the recent republican president, but it's totally ok to question the current democrat republican  i get it now! politics is just a game, like chess, except we are their pieces "
"\all we are is but a dream within a dream\"" ~ <propmale> <propfirst> poe """
i has a happy  smile  2k10 victory!
"wants to see <propfemale> in wonderland, and is wondering what will <propmale> <propmale> do over next  <propfemale>? sleeping beauty? the wizard of oz?"
need to get my creativity flowing again; it has been too long since i wrote something 
"?these days it's all in the mind, it's elemental?"
basement is drowning in this rain  sad 
"if i could have a day without one hundred and eleven projects to do, that would be grand    "
not enough room in my head for all this stuff   can i just do one project at a time instead of all at once?
there aren't enough hours in the day     
note to self: cabbage and corned beef give me wicked heartburn     
by the castle of grayskull!!!
"kinda wish i could find a job for summer, but you know    no place really hires anymore     "
some people are so self-absorbed they are in danger of eclipsing the sun with the size of their ego    
i kind of want to change private servers and play with other people      but i would loose my character   
?its the final countdown!!!?
homeworkhomeworkhomework
researching around the world project  if only i knew an aussie to tell me what places are worth visiting in aussieland 
had a new idea for a story   again (i do this a lot)
"has the song \the final countdown\"" stuck in his head and can't get it out!!!!!"""
nutmeg is a more powerful hallucinogen than lsd? what?!?!?!?!?! oh in significant quantities   ok
acorn is closing its doors? for real??
"accelerating east coast dreaming's schedule, e playful ect completion in     oh     a month?"
"wow account muffed up, admins boosted my scores in skills to <propmale> until its fixed  *doh*"
?
way to many ideas crammed into my small head   
"heavy rain, aka the spiritual successor to indigo prophecy, aka fahrenheit, aka captain teapot's fucking ludicrous adventure is actually pretty cool looking   "
busy few weeks ahead
an endless parade of petty evils line up to take turns climbing on my back to see how many it takes before i become truly cross   
looooooooong day today
"i am that i am, the lord your god and the god of fathers, of <propmale>, of <propmale> and of jacob   and this is my counterpart r2-d2   "
look at it this way    you were once pushed headfirst out of your mothers vagina  so i think you can drop the old and dignified thing and just learn to have some fun and live a little 
"inch by inch, i'm going to finish all of this work "
"so long, and thats for all the fish!"
"posting anything here would be a waste because it will just lost in a sea of farmville posts, \<person> became a fan of <something>\"" and twatdonkeys attempting to wax philosophical about their insipid lives """
"rain rain, go away"
what is this curious glowing orb in the sky you call the sun?
am i the only person whose internet & phone have been frakked lately?
"for the record, no, i don't think clash of the titans is worth watching  i've read the greek myths, and this is just another nail in the coffin because there will never be an accurate movie representation of greek myth  ever  it's just too complex for that "
i sense a taste of summer on the air   
finally nice out for a change    
internet is still broken 
anyone else still having trouble with their internet?
the stars are out tonight    
must   resist    becoming   fans   of random   things    *click* arg!
"just when i want to knuckle down and write my story, i have to draft my english paper  sometimes, i think fate just hates me "
spread a little thin right now    i keep thinking its still monday   
"the sox are back, all is right with the world again   "
"such nice weather, time to break out the shorts!"
"it's amazing how three hours can pass so slowly when all you are doing is clicking \connect to the internet\"" a million times """
hoping to feel better soon    on 2 different antacids    
starting to feel better 
making horcruxes     brb      
busy day tomorrow; off to uml for welcoming day (get to meet my professors other folsk taking psych <propmale>) then shoppin' (never fun)
s'a c'est arca luma- in the name of the light
metaphors are fun!
out probably for the day since it is so friggin nice out  4 days till' london!
i might as well light all these job application i fill out on fire for all the good they do me    
"you know whats funny, even those free internet surveys that are all \take this and we'll give you 10$!\"" still reject me      i'm \""not part of their target group\"" *sigh*"""
two days left to finish all this work that i should have three days to finish  waugh!
london ?
"i'll just sit here, twiddling my thumbs and playing team fortress 2      waiting for news    "
"well screw you too, mother earth   "
who has two thumbs and is going to watch sweeney <propmale> tonight? *this guy*
"\many a genius has been slow of growth  oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed \"" ~ <propfirst> <propfirst> lewes"""
would any one who was supposed to go on the trip be interested in a consolation friendlies dinner? my mother is willing to pay    
tomorrow i'm going to call the phone company and work out whatever the hell is wrong  with my internet connection 
there is a local short-story periodical??really??
the sky seems to be thundering     finally a good storm to wash the grit off the car
happy earth-pillaging day   
red alert 3 just came in today     ^ ^
this week was altogether too short    
"there, study guide for that sociology presentation d-u-n done  now, how many kids are in that class? i need to know how many copies to make      oh yeah and maybe someone to help assembly line them together "
another story completely edited   
if only i knew an artist to do cover illustrations for my stories    
working on my writing schedule for the summer    two short stories plus east coast dreaming 
the days are starting to wind down    getting closer to that evil monolith of papers being due
?as lines join in faint discord and the stormwatch brews a concert of kings as the white sea snaps at the heels of a soft prayer whispered?
"omg dumbledore's name means \hope\""?"""
"though it is nice when schools let us read more current and therefore interesting books it is still stagging that they are all geared towards female readers or readers who will feel sympathy for the protagonists pain  i plan on making a list of books, classics and otherwise, which should be read  leave in comments books you think should be read, analysed and understood "
"i forgot, no one reads books anymore  those scary things with words in them, and not one picture!"
"thinking about trying to wrote other forms of writing, maybe will try writing a drama?"
*bleh*
"?orion, won't you make me a <propfemale> sign?"
"oh, i'd love to enjoy the day but see theres all this school work i have to do    "
"such a nice day, hopefully it stays this way for a while"
keep calm and <propfemale> on
"finally, nice weather "
has a sore throat and can't afford to be sick when theres a research paper due soon
<propfirst> knopfler concert today
hates having a cold when its so nice out
editing research papers is super-duper fun  annoyed 
oh noes! i forgot about hanko de mayo yesterday *thud*
oh r'lyeh?
"?they say that love could change the world, well the world could use some change right now?"
stuck trying to choose what movie i want to watch: the dark <propfemale> or <propfirst> bartlett   
"spelling <propfemale> was, legit, fan-dabby-dabulous"
"now begins the long, difficult, probably unrewarding process of writing a stage production"
"the song \i'll make a man out of you\"" is now playing in your head"""
"ïa, cthulhu! ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!"
"within the next week i'll be ready to start writing dark horse, dark rider    keep watch for publication in august september "
96    dyslexic sex is still sex     i think
"holy nine more days of high school, batman!"
"thinking about reviving my old d&d campaign, dominion"
"famous last words of  confederate general during the battle of <propfemale>  \they couldn't hit an elephant at this dist   \"""""
's mind is all discombobulated trying to think about four or five different stories at once
"open your eyes and see that planet earth is a place that balances the good and wholesome with the dark and despairing   you must see beyond your own eyes and see what everyone else sees  you must understand your position, because we are all equal sharers of this world  we must either unite and make the world safer for our children or continue to fight each other and further endanger this world "
"american politics is like regular politics, except with bribery instead of voting "
hope everyone has fun tonight and comes in on monday in one piece 
"?i could captain you if you'd crew for me, follow white flecked spindrift --- float on a moonkissed sea ?"
had a mostly ok day   
getting down to the wire   
"i personally beleive we should just say \screw it\"" and elect <propmale> perkins the president of the universe already"""
"pretty much has figured out who he wants to invite to his graduation party just need to figure out if the few \maybe\"" people would be interested      """
nostalgia: who remembers the ads for stuff like sock 'em boppers or hungry hungry hippos or other retro toys?
"looking back through old photographs, wondering where the time has gone? so many memories lost   so many memories yet to be made    "
it takes 42 muscles to frown but only four to smack someone in the face     this i indicative of something     
"?it's been a long road, gettin' from there to here? three more days of classes "
snozberries taste like snozberries   
"happy birthday, pac-man!"
does the history channel even have actual history on it anymore? or is it all conspiracy theories & shows about how aliens built the pyramids 
"nothing says \two days left\"" quite like a project    *grr*"""
"adventuring rule #293: bag of holding + another bag of holding = universe divide by zero implosion  on a side note: the astral plane is filled with gigantic, fiery spiders     "
tacocat is a palindrome
working on the cultures of the many races in the undercity chronicles   warlocks are next 
"adventuring rule #31: just because the female wizard giggled at the cloud of illusory butterflies you made for her does not mean you she likes you, and touching her is only an excuse to get polymorphed into a dinner plate "
adventuring rule #1: never leave town without a sturdy rope   
"adventuring rule #4: always make sure you are on good terms with your cleric, if he doesn't want to heal you he doesn't have to "
"tired, ready for his last day of real classes tomorrow  people whom i've invited to my graduation party but haven't responded yet please try to soon!!"
"bleep-bloop, achievement unlocked (last day of high school)"
achievement unlocked: high school complete - 30g
"i wanted it warm, not this hot  *goes to go mess with the earth's thermostat* friggin <propmale> gore      "
what time does the first exam block end tomorrow??
believe in dreams   they are all that is really worth something anymore
"'en obscurum , lux lucis' ~ motto of the order of the wardens"
just set his facebook language to english (british) and now everything i read i imagine being read by <propfirst> tennant   smile 
apparently shouting obscenities makes you feel less pain than if you say regular non-cuss words    
later on going to work on troll culture for undercity chronicles  trolls have culture you ask? of course they do!
"in other news: the undercity chronicles are taking shape, the overarching story has been hammered out  war between angels and demons you say? chaos and war will bring a great change? you'll have to read them all to find out "
it's great to be home
has a new laptop  setup is not fun 
moving his entire music library    ho-ly crap  i did not know i had 2000 songs 
dftba
"prepare for the next installment of the guardians of london, and you thought the rp was the end of the story???"
yay for senior banquet tonight 
"mon mon mon, its like nom nom nom but in reverse     "
"40 hours until i graduate  oh yeah, i'm counting the moments "
"you know a dream is like a river, ever-changing as it flows    and the dreamers just a vessel that must follow where it goes    trying to learn from whats behind you and never knowing whats in store makes each day a constant battle just to stay between the shores    "
"to all those of the class of 2010, it's been a wild ride  may stars smile upon each and every one of you "
"y'know   just a heads up   my graduation party already started  if you are lost,its the blue house with the wide driveway and the swingset in the backyard "
"had a good day, for once  smile "
"if anyone who couldn't make it today really really wants to <propfemale> around, lemme know   i'm available most days "
going to start working piecemeal on my writing projects  starting with finishing the next chapter of east coast dreaming  then probably finish world-building for undercity chronicles 
"did you know that it takes 100 million people and five months of human thinkings, fact-checking a research to write one article on wikipedia that is maybe half a <propfemale> long  and they say wikipedia is bad    "
i get the feeling i'm going have an incredibly boring summer
"putting the finishing touches on the undercity world-building before i actually start writing     plus working on an article, a d&d campaign that will need playtesting, and the two ongoing projects, plus some tidbits for my guardians of london universe to keep the fans happy  i have a lot on my writing plate "
"anyone ho thinks they want to create their own d&d campaign, don't  i just spent 45 minutes working on one of two deities  gah!"
hooray for friday
"yes, i do have a cell phone now, no you aren't allowed to call it   "
"if you have food in your fridge, clothes on your back, a roof over your head and a place to sleep you are richer than 75% of the world  if you have money in the bank, in your wallet and spare change  you are among the top 8% of the world's wealthy  if you can read this message you are more fortunate than the 3 billion people in the world who cannot read it at all "
"finished creating deities for dominion (my psionics-based d&d campaign), next its history then realms     tomorrow is orientation!!!! woooo!"
"returned from orientation, it was a good e playful erience and i think i'm going to like it there "
thinks you should add him on skype  shadowguardian92 i think is the name to add   
"daily jeopardy trivia: a cheetah has spots on all parts of its body except this part     (answer this in the form of a question for points, at the end of the month the person with the most points gets honored  this is a daily occurrence )"
today was nice    even if the weather wasn't
its so hot i cant think      derp
did you know? that the reason popular music is popular is because it stimulates the ear in a certain was which is pleasurable  it's an ear-gasm!
"it's nice out again  playful \a perfect day to    sit inside & write?  playful "
probably going to spend all day working on my d&d campagin module
returned from vacation in philadelphia today  it was good 
is learning about astronomy from the teaching company
"love when the national weather service texts me just to tell me about an \air quality alert\"" at 10 smile 0 at night """
so f-ing hot!
"happy 10th birthday, deus ex  smile "
"alright, i think its safe to give y'all permission to call my cell phone now that i have it all figured out    just not all at once "
"is a huge fan of not fucking caring about the newest twilight movie, or in fact any of them  he will spend tonight turning off his cell phone and going to go take pictures of some night scenery then watching some astronomy lectures "
"i think that when i go off to college i will have to frame both my \rules\"" and my \""guardian angel privileges\"" forms so the eventual roommate knows whats what """
"a lot cooler today, finally  wonder how much writing i'll get done today?"
i actually forgot that i even had a twitter account       wow
"its getting to be bedtime again, isn't it funny how the days whistle right by?"
what a boring day   
"you know, i was promised that with a cell phone comes the constant barrage of texts and calls from all those people who thought it was too lame to dial a land line phone  i do believe i've been lied to by the world again, stupid world "
"have you ever wondered what it would be like if the internet was invented, say fifty years ago?"
should finish his d&d module    
"saw toy story 3, it was good    "
there goes my heartburn again      
why is it so fucking hot?
"if your view on absolutely anything can fit within the confines of a mug, a bumper sticker or a button      you need to think about it some more "
"the answer to the question of life, the universe and everything is not actually 42 anymore  it is now teacup  you are welcome "
"just might finally get his shitty internet fixed today, if verizon actually fixes things anymore "
must get around to finishing his second playthrough of mass effect soon     
why is every piece of tech in this house f-ed up?!
"well, heres to another boring sunday afternoon "
"those of you interested in role-playing but don't like the whole aspect of having to roll dice for everything look for the coming of my next rp on the escapist: eclipse! no, not the one you are thinking of  a sci-fi rp thats something of a mixed breed of battlestar galactica and <propfemale> trek "
is probably going to shut down soon and read a little bit before bed   *yawn*
if only there was a way to correct all the bad spelling on the internet      
has new glasses and is trying to get used to them 
is currently watching nine (9)
"is bored, what else is new?"
heres to another boring friday   
probably going to watch <propmale> b's <propfemale> tonight   
stomach hurts bleh
if only people knew how much facebook squawks they'd put less incriminating stuff on it 
"breaking news: the internet is full of bad things! parents cautioned against letting teens use technology, as shocking new research indicates satan himself may occupy integrated circuits and imported vacuum tubes  in other news: <propfirst> beiber is pregnant again    "
heh    robot zombies     
forgot just how fun warhammer 40k used to be    now that theres no more need to excruciatingly slowly plaint a billion and one little figurines and just play the video game version  btw: i like the necron just a *bit*
just two more full days until london? yikes!
"make no mistake, war is coming      with all its <propfemale> and all its horror      "
"says \wake the fuck up and smell the <propfemale> nut crunch\"""""
in less than 24 hours i'll be across the pond
"going to britain, brb"
"had a smashing good time in great britain with everyone, but it's great to be home too "
"i would make the world a better place, but i can't seem to get my hands on any velociraptor dna    "
"this just in! the sun has e playful erienced some difficulties which may or may not cause it to e playful lode  but it will take about 5 minutes for us to realize the sun is gone anyways, because of relativity    please make sure you have ample food and water provisions and use duct tape to make a shelter     that is all   "
takes his directions in life from the tin of sardines in the door of the fridge
i has teh fury!
what a slow day    
"with hands held high into a sky so blue, as the ocean opens up to swallow you   "
"imperius occultus et umbra exspecto pro filius draconis  viridis mare vadum rector is domus , per incendia quod aqua  obscurum mos insisto , an malum senipes  templum specto caliga, ex pugnus neptune vadum vesica umbra ruina  quod filius manus malum deficio  excalibur mos attero is "
"translate what is written below, if you can and start unraveling the story of my next rp thread before it goes live  the text is the previous status update "
"adventuring tip #11: when you encounter a piece of loot that seems useless, like a lead wand, it is probably a <propmale> of wonder  absently pointing it at your party cleric and saying \turn irreversibly into a butterfly\"" will not go over well with the party   """
"adventuring top #233: what goes up, must come down   especially if its that grappling hook you just threw up to try to scale that wall, also it will fall directly onto your face  especially if you are short 20 feet of rope "
"has nothing interesting to say today, except this: <propmale> <propfemale>  that is all "
"and suddenly, my fail beard has vanished! the mustache is a prime suspect but has already called in a lawyer    "
"\is there a dictionary for business speak to english?\"" *is handed a world book encyclopedia of the letter b* \""its under bullshit\"""""
"the best way to wake friends up: randomly play quotes from pennywise the evil clown, usually works  you may have the crowbar them off of the ceiling fan, but it works "
we interrupt this regularly scheduled sanity with this insane outburst      gummy bears!       we now return to our regularly scheduled sanity already in progress   
it's 11:11pm  i wish tomorrow to be a good day 
"i think someone at the dictionary factory slipped and fell and mixed up the definitions of \rhetoric\"" and \""truth\""  i suppose this could e playful lain all the problems we face domestically  or maybe theres something a little more complicated going on that hasn't been figured out yet    """
"you do realize that a zombie apocalypse is completely impossible right? best case scenario, just shoot the person who is biting everyone tah-dah "
"i suppose it would take something drastic, like total mental eradication, to retcon absolutely everything rhetorical about the right and the left, and also pro-ganja stupidity, the brain-melting stupidity of the conservative party, hipsters and come to think of it those stupid che guvera t-shirts "
the taken are filled with darkness   
"so let me get this straight, wh40k fans, theres a massively power and evil pleasure god that blew up 1 4 of the galaxy, and a bunch of crazy eldar actually voluntarily decided this was a good idea    and the eldar are supposed be to most intelligent race in existence  real smooth "
"omgz, moving out in two days  *gulp* so much stuff!!!"
"the tau: yeah yeah, we suck in close combat  it's a shame you'll never get there    "
is really gonna miss y'all while he's gone to college
"\imperial high command says   \"" \",e06fccdb075ee8ac1e69469f024d627f,"is done moving in, quicker than e playful ected "
"newest invention, fried beer       that is all"
"such a late night, i don't like this"
"is asking you, his followers and facebook friends to post things that they think i should talk about and give an opinion on "
"o m g z  what a day  also, gigantic nerf battle tomorrow outside the rec center  you know you're jealous "
"holy shit, hypnotist here was fuckin' awesome "
here comes the rain   
the craftworld sings and i respond in kind    
"outa here till 1pm, classes start t'day "
"sitting here in my dorm, mulling over a lot of things     "
"is psyched for his first real psych class, whoo!"
"the phrase \boredom\"" ceases to apply when you are staring at your ceiling naming all divets and dents in it and making up their own little stories """
"whoo, schoolwork       "
"nothing says \fun night\"" like a nice c'thun raid with a level 78 warlock  for the horde!"""
"you should skype him, shadowguardian92"
"it was nice that it rained this morning, but i'd prefer it if it kept going "
"rule of adventuring #337: when the emperor invites you to stay in the castle for saving it from an invasion of hobgoblins, this does not mean you have full rights to shag the emperor's pretty daughter  you will get sentenced to death  no \get out of death free\"" cards """
whoo! power is out here until 4pm!
this weekend took way to long to get here 
just spent about 3 hours working on math homework     
omnomnomnom
the whirring noise you are hearing are the gears of my brain trying to process today   
dftba
oddish     that is all
fucking homework    
c'a est arca lyss
"so it happened, sith became a religion "
"11am classes, but only two of them  monday, here i come!"
"\in order to understand fox news: insert 10 kilos of grade a cocaine up your nose\""~ anonymous comment on youtube  i lol'd"""
whoo essay time
does not like excessively printing shit  why 4 copies of an essay??
love how unbelievably laggy the wifi here is
classes from 11-1 smile 0 then psych club @ 6pm tonite
bed by 1am then classes tmrw from 11-1    
classes from 11am to 2pm   
"time to create a serious d&d campaign, though \the guide to adventuring\"" was fun tis time to retire our silly adventures through the multiverse   """
my inner spell-check is raging right now   no one misspell anything
did you say chocolate?
is trying to get back into magic: the gathering  it's been a while 
has the main theme from metal gear solid 2 running through his head
"\the greatest trick the devil ever played on mankind was convincing the world he did not exist \"" ~ some guy"""
going to see last comic standing tonight 
hangin with my brother dan  smile 
life is like a cucumber ferris wheel      i have no idea where the rest of this status is going but your mom is a whore   
"good night, <propfemale>    "
?ooo    she's walkin' around in my sleep?
"just saw thre grown men running for the common room screaming \it's time for glee!\"""""
lets just say blasting the lord of the rings soundtrack & working on homework go very well together     
"finally going to try to write some more tonight, that is if i don't get any more papers to write in the mean time "
i'm so going to quote that out of context    
"difference between initialism and acronym: atm is an initialism, pin is an acronym"
"my roommate is listening to music about \hot sex on a platter\"" and \""bend over and take it"," bitch\""\"e06fccdb075ee8ac1e69469f024d627f,no one is allowed in my room w o proper screening now
"is forced to sigh, shake his head and be very angry at people for tooting off like idiots  you don't joke about going to buy drugs   you just don't "
"which language is better to learn, french or italian? not taking spanish again "
that much closer to the end of this semester      thank god
sanity is overrated
dakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakka  smile 
"dark ages, shaking the dead! closed pages,better not read   cold rages, burn in your head!"
godsmack & drowning pool are coming to <propmale> on the 8th          jealous? idk    i don't care
"speed run of half-life 2 final time: 18 hours, 27 minutes  lambda locations discovered 37 45  damn    so close "
"can i just sit back and imagine a world in which whenever you change your facebook relationship status, it automatically changed the real world  meaning your joke \marriage\"" to your friend would actually be real  i think it would cut down on the number of morons who continue this trend """
"?you'll remember me when the west wind moves among the fields of barley you can tell the sun in his jealous sky, when we walked in fields of gold ?"
"he who climbeth the slopes of mount hammertime will be unable to touch this, so sayeth the lord "
clever interesting things go here
"loves his new semi-permanent home in the common room here, its so comfy"
"attention, stop inviting me to events  i don't care about 99% of them "
"i wanted to write something here people would want to read, but i couldn't think of anything  please enjoy this semicolon ;"
psych club today @ the icc so cushy here
steam is having a seizure tonight *rolls eyes* get to sit through all of my games reinstalling 
lol someone almost burned our res hall down      tard pyromaniac
movie lovers: the acronym s p e c t r e  what does it stand for??
"writing an entirely new story from scratch is pretty difficult, especially if theres no world-building attached  <propfemale> dewolfe would you be willing to work in tandem with me on a special project?"
going home for the long weekend
"omg i just got \the one free bullet\""  laugh """
one day i'll look back on all this and wonder where the time went
in middle english the word for fishmonger was also the word for pimp      huh
"?never mind the rising light  there's no sign of day or dawning  in my heart it's still the night, and we'll stay here till the morning ?"
of course you know 10 10 10 in binary is 42      
"the schedule here is weird on holidays sometimes        today was was a monday schedule, but tomorrow is a regular wednesday  so i loose a day of math? yay me "
"i saw someone with a t-shirt today that read \a day without being drunk is a day wasted\"" i lost a little faith in the human race then"""
i do not like the cone of shame  sad 
arguing with cleverbot     
"it's dangerous to go alone, take this!"
"\flying snakey speeding horsey leapy stabby wahey\"" ~ zp (shadow of the colossus)"""
preparing for this years watching of halloween theme movies  #1 is of course nightmare before christmas 
darn facebook
my bed is sending out some serious sleep rays
"windows live essentials 2011 is broken  totally and completely broken  no one upgrade to it, no one use it  it refuses to let me use windows live messenger "
is it the weekend yet?
"oh please people next door, turn your music up louder i can still hear myself think "
windows live essentials 2011 is going to be the death of me
"oh wait, <propfemale> o'donnell is finally going to shut the fuck up? at least someone on her campaign team actually has their brain plugged in properly, though i dunno why don't just do the right thing and break the chain of sin holding her to this world and send her screaming back to the abyss "
been playing only about 2 months and my wow character is already level 60  i is epic?
this place is a ghost town on the weekends
"?you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave?"
only silly kids believe in candleja-
bleh psych study today  only have 1 more to go 
"lord sauron's advice column: hi mister dark lord, i'm new to town and i don't know a good way to get into the community  i'm glad you asked, the best thing to do is make some magic rings and hand them out then twist the wearers into evil shades to serve your bidding "
rip pokemon writer takeshi shudo; thank you for giving us the original but sadly not being able to drag the rest of the writing team away from the desk before they completely ruined the series 
"if the tea party folks can dress up, i so want to show up one of their rallies dressed as a british red coat      "
happy day of eternal night!
*sigh* ethics class consistently shows me that not everyone really knows anything about anything and just parrot the same three uniformed bullshitty arguments for why things are bad  from this we conclude that students need to actually <e playful letive deleted> listen to unbiased truth over opinionated dross 
is a world e playful lorer in world of warcraft  yay?
"though i may not have registered to vote i urge all of you who have to go out and vote for someone who will listen to our voice and right the wrongs so done by the gop and allay the wounds so left  if it be that no redress be given then sic semper tyrannus, my friends, cast them down "
is level 80 now  ding!
what would sauron do? he'd probably kill stuff   
i had to steal my roommates <propfemale> cable to get any internet here because for somereason neither uml-game-consoles or uml-student will work  at all 
nanowrimo is going to destroy me       annoyed 
all your base are belong to lieberman (uncle <propfirst> is watching!)
"i hate debating, because i always get angry because the opposition is using flimsy and stupid arguments  *grr* its why i sit out of debates "
today was awesome  smile   love 
"finally, i have a story idea i want to work on "
"dig yourself a shallow grave, your life is not the legacy of honor you would dig six feet for   "
"finally, right when i have a great idea for a story a freaking writing assignment for college writing  why do i bother?"
"wootwoot no classes today! thanks, vets!"
my roomie just finished mass effect 2  must    resist    urge   to     spoil       
finally going to get that elusive last psych study credit   
eternal-wow got faceshot now i lost a level 80 warlock and a level 70 death knight 
yogg-saron laugh efeated       that was a tough encounter 
"if there is a god, he's probably trolled humanity a few times     "
alliance think they can just roll into orgrimmar? denied!
"the barrens general chat field, you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy       "
this week is taking way too long
blehhhhh sick >;
horde or alliance? discuss   
makes me wonder   if extraterrestrials ever happened upon our pale blue dot   would they be impressed?
"once, saurfang spat a loogie into ulduar  the result was yogg-saron "
seriously thinks the enrollment here is fucking stupid  i've spend about 5 hours trying to fit classes in between a 3 surprise 0pm class monday & wednesday and an 8am-10:40am class on friday and absolutely nothing fits at all 
for some reason facebook has a virus and wont stop spamming people  annoyed  ignore me
alright i changed my password i think that fixed it 
 annoyed  too much work
"stop!\hammertime!"
has the robot unicorn attack song stuck in my head
insanity wolf is my wingman  wink 
we mustn't cross the memes!
*burp* achievement unlocked- turkey day 2010 5g
k9 agent on duty: <propmale> (is not only a drug-sniffing unit but is also a junkie)
can't wait to see his <propfemale> tomorrow  love 
*dances* torchlight for only 5$? yes!
finally picked my last class for next semester! w00t!
back to <propmale> now  hooray schoolwork!
only 1 class tomorrow   smile 
has the llama song stuck in his head
must      finish     movie      before       bed
"is watching <propmale> henson's \the storyteller\"""""
"intelligent design is not science, it is dogma  do not lend it any credence and don't let the conservative right push it into our schools  god is not the ultimate answer to everything, science is paramount and scientific discovery is not an attack upon faith! science is incomparable with creationist elocution  <propmale> is right and anyone who doesn't think so is an idiot  i'll be taking questions now   "
its poke month and no one told me?!?!?!?!?
unlike you folks i am in <propmale> and immune to your power outage   laugh 
what a tiring day today   
phoenix wright is my wingman now  playful 
wants to keep on writing but needs to stop having a billion ideas first
so uhm    apparently snoop dogg is going to be in concert in <propmale>  dunno if i should be ashamed or barricade myself inside my room    
"happy birthday, <propfirst> <propmale>  laugh "
sort of wishes his life had an epic orchestral soundtrack    
"theres a reason i spend so much time in storm peaks, its the awesome music    "
shower then might watch a movie or something      bored tonight      
"had a thought: in the grand scheme of things, does it say anything about the average intelligence of americans that we have to put the suffix \-gate\"" on the end of something to make people understand something is important    or that you think that it is important?"""
"*collapses* finally, i'm done taking notes for this paper  now to actually write the darn thing    "
"nothing says \winter\"" quite like absolutely no snow whatsoever  annoyed  why wont the snow <propfemale> visit <propmale>?"""
can't wait to see his <propfemale> again  love 
*whine* why wont christmas come sooner?
boo    papers to write  annoyed 
"y'know whats funny? kittens sitting on roombas  y'know whats not funny? calling for the assassination of a us citizen come on, congress you have better things to do and you too mrs  palin "
f-ck its cold outside!
"maybe facebook can decide: should my next story, set in an evil school run by the devil himself, be a: a dark thriller (a la <propfirst> <propmale>), b: a gothic horror novel (a la bram stoker) or c: a dark romance novel (definitely not like a certain author beginning with the word \s\"")"""
currently rocking out to some tunes & studying  thou shalt not disturb the studying dragon! :<
oh god! i killed cleverbot!  surprise 
"if i hear the phrase \war of christmas\"" uttered at all in my general area     i may have to strangle them   just sayin'"""
oh god my facebok changed again   do not want!  surprise 
"adventuring rule #499: never use a holy symbol on an evil altar to summon a god, then fail your will save to the suggestion \i can give you power \"" your charachter will slaughter your party and wear their bits as a hat """
oy   its so <propfemale> here i nearly blew away   
"*sigh* don't make me have to post another rantish \mental popcorn\"" """
monday? do not want!  surprise 
"watching \a flock of dodos\"" on netflix    very good documentary """
watching neverending story tonite  do not disturb > surprise 
so much work to still do          *frowny face*
in bed before 1am? its a miracle 
bites the hand that feeds him because tis extra food & he is hungry   playful 
"nothing says \christmas\"" like wholesale slaughter       did i say \""christmas\"" i meant to say \""war\""   """
thinks you should play wow on this private server http annoyed  eternal-wow com ?r=222627  laugh 
"bitch, imma teach ya how <propfemale> dougie   "
"so the senate passed the dadt repeal but is this actually repealed or \repealed\"" as in \""we voted that way but we'll stall getting rid of it as long as we can\""?"""
<propfemale> longo  love   love   love 
has returned to the 546       finally
"going to see hp7, hopefully it isn't sold out today "
 annoyed 
tis the season to be trollin' trololololololololoooooooooooooooooo
is becoming more and more interested in current events     can't think why    
one does not simply qwop into mordor   
just remember the last president to overstep the bounds of his office   20 20 hindsight i suppose 
the craftworlds sing to me and i respond in kind
"finally got l4d2 on sale on steam  going to take a while to download, the file is large "
"lulz, conversing with wow n00bz is fun  laugh "
snow?! now?! little late dontcha think?
"even in college i still call my classes \blocks\"" lol"""
"things i am no longer allowed to do at hogwarts # 155: i will not refer to the accio charm as \the force\"" """
<propfemale> whateverthefuck
everything in life can be e playful lained through minecraft
"hopes everyone had a good day on the day that is today, december 25th otherwise known as \the day we get stuff\"" oh and something about jesus   """
"mmmmmm, blizzard       "
i have survived the power outage!  laugh 
voldemort for president: because he's a lot better than palin 
"rip: the inspiration for <propfemale> the riveter, the face that defined an <propfemale> of women in the workplace, g<propfemale>ldine <propmale> has passed away  en taro tassadar, miss <propmale> "
why? why must it be so cold in my room?!
chocolate? did you say chocolate?!
in soviet russia     <insert punchline here>
"\bless the mind too small for doubt\"" ~ chaplin-commander octavius"""
going to finish up another forge creation for ye olde halo 3  brb 
"why is writing for villains so much more fun than writing heroes? i'll tell you, with the villain you can let it all <propfemale> out  make them sadistic, loquacious and as much or as little the bond villain you want  make them set orphans on fire, kick a cat, anything  villains are fun to write "
"\taking the french along with you to war is about as useful as taking an accordion deer hunting \""  gotta love the anti-french sentiment in the corners of <propfemale> that real news hasn't been in to since 1776 """
"monday, do not want!"
"is currently watching \the war\"" a documentary by <propmale> burns """
blaaaaaaaaarg is what have to say about this weather 
"\don't tell me that the world is alright until the prime-time news channel shows us pictures of cute kittens\"""""
"i gots the new ultramarines movie here  be jelly, <propfirst> murphy"
vwls r s mnstrm
i wonder which 11:11 is the proper wishing one  am or pm   
need a new game to fill the void left by wow   boredom is boring 
"so, let me get this straight so i'm no longer so confused  the 112th congress says if you want to pass something which would affect the deficit you also have to cut something of equal or lesser value  except for the things the republicans want to pass   which would invariably increase the   deficit    wtf guys, thats some serious eighth circle hypocrisy!"
"when a thing you really, really want to happen doesn't get the spark or connection required to make it happen       what does one do? just make up the spark connection so it happens anyways? do you just give up?"
guh  the more and more i read & learn about current events the more i'm disgusted by some people's actions    no matter where they are on the political spectrum some things are just wrong no matter what philosophical <propfemale> you look through 
name for me just one time in history when politics wasn't a hotbed of vitriolic discussion? the <propmale> senate wasn't exactly a conclave of philosophers like we pretend and remember someone got assassinated there  nowadays things are kind of tragically quaint 
would love to just       sit in studio with people like <propmale> o'reilly and tell him what the american public actually needs and to ask him a few questions 
is going to make a video response tonight so don't bother him while he's fiddling with the webcams fail-ness 
facebook wont let me upload my video because it's too long  sad  if you want to watch my reaction to the conservative party put your email below and i'll send it 
"if you want to watch the video reaction i made to the conservative party and their seeming agenda, you'll have to download it from mediafire  the link will be here in a few minutes "
global agenda is fun    if laggy
spqr
if you think about it    one could call christianity a genestealer cult     
back to school soon     idk if i should be happy or sad 
bring in the dancing lobsters!!!
endlessly watching pbs specials online 
"there are days where i want to punch these natural fiber loving young parents in the face every time they behave stupidly and hurt their child's future  give them their vaccines, let them play outside, read to them and not just from the bible, let them have fun and for fucks sake give them a proper and full education  please just stop making more ignorant, misinformed shit-spawn to muck up the planet even more!"
"excuse me, is this madness???"
riverhawks hockey is on necn right now      go uml!  playful 
"\ford?\"" \",e06fccdb075ee8ac1e69469f024d627f,"i s'pose i will choose to be mute then, if nothing i say is interesting or informed  i'll keep my opinions to myself  k?"
"yeah, i know, photoshoppping sucks so shoot me "
"alakazam used \inception\""      the enemy pokemon was confused!"""
back to uml on sunday  gonna make the most of this semester   smile 
watching avatar: the last airbender  no interrupting!
omg the ultramarines movie was amazing!  laugh 
new acronym: hsiow- holy shit it's only wednesday!
settled in      it looks like this will be an      interesting semester i suppose    
first round of classes @ 12 smile 0  annoyed 
its bubble-wrap appreciation day!!!!!!1!!1!
so not in the mood for 8am tomorrow   annoyed  didn't sleep well last night 
"goodnight, <propfemale>   "
early morning class went well i suppose  now my 3 smile 0-4 surprise 0 class and done for the day   then i just repeat it all over again on thursday  whoo!
this semester is gonna not fun  homework might be a pain   we'll have to see 
"homework is not going to pile up this semester, but i'm gonna have to sacrifice any game-playing    whatsoever    until i can figure out how to manage my homework and fun "
i was not aware that the bird is the word   
bleh!
finished dracula
classes cancelled until noon? no 8am class today you say? well  smile  thats made today a lot better!
"*yawn* so all i have for class is @ 3 surprise 0pm  good day, good day   "
"\best part about lion <propmale>? lions doing it missionary style\"""""
axe cop vs <propmale> norris       who wins?
is glad to lend his support to the protesters in cairo  oppression must be stamped out!
"oh, <propfemale> julceus  you make my day with some of the things you say "
"psych club @ 5pm    then idk     finish the last season of the last airbender maybe? (ps: the fire nation chick? the crazy one? yeah, i hope she dies    annoyed )"
phunny story: my building lit on fire again  lololololol
"\when the path is cast under a great storm   where winds lash and rain buffets  though the awe and greatness of its destruction may overwhelm   remember that the path is eternal and will always be there to guide you and comfort you  faith is a virtue \"""""
"so uhm, classes after 2pm are cancelled  yay?"
days since last <propmale> roll: -5
finally finished avatar: the last airbender
"\there are great and terrible things which work to undo the path  one must judge those who misuse the path towards their own dark ends  reject the darkness that shadows even the most <propfemale> hearts   cast down malice  the path rejects evil in all its forms \"""""
"so apparently kindle gift cards are just regular amazon gift cards that can work for the kindle cuz i just ordered a new beanbag chair and it said 25$ off from a gift card  so uhm, oops?"
"disregard real life, acquire obsidian"
one more fire alarm   seriously   i'll go crazy
i'm not saying the guys across from me are evil or anything but one of them just walked into his room with a pimp cane that looked like the snake <propmale> that jaffar has in aladdin  just sayin'
*yawn* nice of the heavens to snow out two days of classes but uhm      i can still has sleep tonight right?
"happy year of rabbit, everyone!"
dilemma: play minecraft or not play minecraft      
?you've got a prayer in memphis?
g'night  8am class tomorrow then nothing 
kind of wants to make a meme        but of who?
it's caturday!
what an interesting day indeed!
nasa found 54 habitable extrasolar planets     f yeah sci-fi!
homework then whatever  testing out sins of a solar empire today later   
"chinese food, pizza and chips    the cuisine of college "
it's bunday!
"minecraft = begun  already got my first iron pickaxes, an iron shovel and a bucket "
fucking help desk resets my password then dosen't tell me  assholes 
"i only cheer for two teams in football    the pats and whoever is beating the colts and or the steelers  so uhm    yeah, congrats green bay?"
"my minecraft project? start collecting stone, iron, gold, dirt, glass and wood so i can start constructing something  you'll find out if and when i get it started but as a tease i'm making a man-made island  in a lake  out of stacked towers of dirt "
"psychological evaluation: you are at the supermarket, and in the aisle you see a man and a woman fighting  it is going to come to blows, you can just feel it in the air  will the man or the woman become physical first, and why? (this is in my critical thinking textbook)"
11-12 smile 0 class then minecraft   then maybe a movie tonight idk 
so i hacked my way through tons of stone only stumble to the entrance of my underground home   but i found a lot of coal    
a good start on my minecraft island castle  gonna take longer to build the entire thing but a good start 
hooray rep  giffords is actually starting to talk again  smile 
"minecraft construction is going to be a pain when i get to the roof part  need a ton of materials because i can't come down until it is done  but once it is, i will have completed the tower part   the hardest part "
almost finished with the tower! just have to put the roof on and build in the underground vault!
going to finish digging up dirt in minecraft and seeding grass onto my little island    then watching threshold tonight  txt 
"good haul in minecraft today  found a huge underground mine, chock full of stuff  on a side note; fuck grass "
"all the good movies on netflix aren't streaming (sad face)\watching close encounters of the third kind some time this weekend "
is happy for the egyptian people  no more dictator!
working on a minecart track to a new location  how many engines should i need to go up a wicked steep incline?
"homework, then minecraft, then demigod, then movie night  anyone who wants to watch \close encounters of the third kind\"" come knock some time before 7 smile 0"""
"of all the fictitious languages i wish i knew, d'ni is number 1 "
i don't give a flying fuck about celebrities giving each other awards  but my news feeds from everything are clogged to geezus with it so i might as well read them 
"dammit egypt, why'd you have to let a military junta take over?"
happy singles-awareness day! hug a single near you!
"\the reason the aliens aren't visiting us is they saw how fucked up and violent we were and are steering clear and waiting for the eventual nuclear holocaust so they can vulture pick up the resources we didn't burn or shove up our asses \"""""
"if national defense was like pants v zombies, we'd be pretty set for life here "
one of those days where a million thoughts are churning in my head    
exitus acta probat
"fuck it, manually setting the doctor who one was such a bitch i chose a premade one of ezio auditore di firenze"
"open fridge door, light comes on  you can't e playful lain that "
"word of advice to the government; for the love of all that is sacred don't declare war on the internet  seriously, bad move  it's like trying to fight a war on two fronts, you always fuck up and fail "
"feels very sick, needs some one to watch over him while he stays here   sad "
feels a little better  thanks for the birthday wishes!  smile 
you know what would be funny? if the congress banned pbs and npr from broadcasting     what that?      they already are trying to cut funding and broadcasting rights? head? meet desk      
"at least i'm not as sick as before  thanks for the happy birthdays, y'all!"
"webmd, the bane of the hypochondriac    "
bluh     still got one more day to go  hope i feel better tomorrow!
feeling better today 
"alright, fuck, i'm sick of pretending to be neutral  doesn't this stuff just get you so fucking pissed off? no, men are not allowed to vote on women's rights  no  not until men can give birth  ok?"
"alright finally i'm feeling better  i still am coughing like a smoker but that'll pass too  take that, you fricken flu "
why the hell wont my news feed refresh?
i couldn't think of anything interesting to say today    so       enjoy this ellipsis   
is just going to go to bed and sleep now    
well thats another building in minecraft sort of built        need more stone though 
thanks red line bus for magically turning into a blue line bus and plopping me off at north so i had to walk home in the rain over an icy bridge 
"another night watching scrubs and snacking, pretending i'm having fun "
creepers gonna 'splode
daily show & cheez its    pretending i'm having a good night
"just finished scripting another video response to the us, and needs someone here who feels like they can answer some honest questions about the climate surrounding women's rights in <propfemale>  i will actually be recording this so uhm    yeah   "
think i'll make you my seal driver   
?could you fancy me as a pirate bold? or a longship viking warrior with the old gods on his side   ?
you revolting in the mid east? <propfemale> loves you  rallying in <propfemale>? fuck you 
the guys playing halo: reach in the common room  one shot an autolock rocket at a banshee that barrelrolled and dodged the rocket   which came back around and quaruple killed when three teammates respawned on the guy  so tis a suicide and triple betrayal  lol
would a meritocracy be a bad idea?
i am going to start writing some day   i just need the confidence   
loves the fact that theres black ice everywhere outside but no one has put salt down    
it's like the planet c surprise rdinated itself to be extremely irritating today   i blame the evil pigeon conspiracy 
"the essence of logic is truth  if something you say is not true, it is not logical  true or false?"
"the last note i published, kind of wanted to pretend it was a real religion that i started     just to see who would believe me  i mean, scientology has followers    why not a religion whose text is written on cocktail napkins?"
"march madness 2011 on the escapist  mojang all the way, baby! go minecraft!"
justice is served: after two days of deliberation <propfemale> forde will be joined her co-conspirators on arizona's death row  she can go chill with the devil in a fiery pit now 
the internet is serious business
happy dr  seuss day!
deadpool vs deadpool        divide by zero in comic book land
soviet terror drone? in my tank?
i'm making a meme collage on my door      everyone is allowed to participate  just let me know you're putting something up 
why does memebuilder keep timing out?
gop? y u no like women?
spamspamspamspam
"all along the watchtower, princes kept the view, while all the women came and went, barefoot servants too, outside in the cold distance, a wildcat did growl, two riders were approaching, and the wind began to howl "
"xenophobia: (zen-o-foh-bia) an exaggerated or abnormal fear of strangers or foreigners, a strong antipathy or aversion to strangers or foreigners  see also: the united states of <propfemale> "
"? the wind in the wires made a tattle-tale sound as the waves broke over the railing, and every man knew as the captain did too twas the witch of november come stealin' ?"
new phrase: wwcsd what would <propfirst> sheen do? cocaine and prostitutes    next question 
"the darkness is everywhere, it is a part of all of us   we must resist its pull towards evil things   towards the destroyer "
needs a dsl cord pronto
you cannot throw ideas on the bonfire 
wants to smack the idiot in charge of the internet here  they are clearly not doing their job 
"ok, how much is it gonna cost for monday to go away for good?"
"no homework leads to boredom, which leads to watching old movies    "
happy international women's day!
"the dying forever seek either a firm hold on life or to harm the world of the living so that while they sleep in graves, those whose hearts still beat must feel the bite of the riven blade  such is the state of existence, the endless cycle of looking to the next generation and stamping on their foot and slamming the door in their face "
i want to see a movie of at the mountains of madness in my lifetime  kthxbai 
today has been brought to you by the letter: snarf
"so uhm  if you live in new hampshire    and are in college     yeah, don't get too excited to vote in the coming election  the gop there would rather you didn't   you know    you might vote in someone they don't like "
is sleepy    *yawn*
nostalgia is: going back through xkcd to find the first comic you ever saw  for me? #571
objection! i am awesome and therefore your argument is invalid! > laugh 
"finally has a portal in minecraft  next project, another house  hows a sprawling mountaintop wooden fort sound?"
my heart goes out to all affected by the earthquake and tsunami in japan  may the dead be cradled in the bower of the light and be guarded on their journey into another life as the cycle wills  ashlardi'im 
"silrian word of the day- zjar'q: a curse word meaning \afflicted\"" or \""afflicted by the <propfirst> of the destroyer\""  this curse word follows from the practice of branding the door of a heretic with the <propfirst> of the destroyer for committing the crime  the same as calling someone a \""criminal\"" without them really being one necessarily """
"is sad to hear the sitch in haiti is getting worse  sad  cholera outbreak = not good  but <propmale> is there decreasing worldsuck so thats good, right?"
"there are two paths to the light  the stoic path, keeping close with the traditions and ways  the reformist path, which clarifies and interprets and opens the faith to many new and une playful lored paths  both lead to the light  which suits you?"
*snore* ho hum day    
hand me my thinking grenades!
happy st  <propfemale>'s day!
"one must learn, for to not learn is to harm not only the self but the nation as a whole "
"sometimes, i think what would happen if i wore polkadots and stripes, then went to visit <propfemale> julceus  would her eyes e playful lode?"
everything is better with kittens in it!
"i just took a wonderful walk outside  on nights like this, i realize how beautiful a place we all really live  through all the suffering, we still live in a wonderful little blue rock in the middle of no and where "
"kha'adajite: a word for someone who hyperbolically assumes the world is always about to end  referencing kha'adaj, the end time "
"silrian word of the day: maledictus: the <propfemale> host, after being blackened by the destroyer, are redeemed by the uncorrupted anchorites who were then transfigured as penance for the evil done  released from evil, they banished themselves to the far veil "
"silrian word of the day: goh'vann- the lords of shadow, the human augurs corrupted by the destroyer who gained immense power after arath was lost to darkness  every hundred years, one lord is chosen above the others to rule over them   it follows the cycle of kajah'r, the cyclical pattern of who will gain the power of the overlord of shadow "
back at <propmale> again  two more months to go 
"good night, giant <propfemale>   "
needs chalk   
"sorin markov or <propfemale> vess? if you don't know what i'm referencing, don't ask "
fear deck + land destruction deck + <propfemale> deck = ?
got his package from afar today  smile 
"rule of adventuring #171: when presented with a cake with a tag which reads \eat me\"" do not eat it  it is poisoned and will make you start wildly hallucinating  the rouge in the party thought it would be \""funny\"" """
"silrian word of the day: khas'ra: the holy retribution, the defense of faith through dialogue or the defense of faith from physical harm by way to the sword  khas'ra is a war of defense only and may not become offensive  khas'ra has only occurred twice, on arath during the coming of the darkness and on thassaria during the turncoat rebellion "
it's not about the budget!
"silrian word of the day: kelidash- the third son of lord archanamacha, he took the throne after the grey maiden snatched lord archanamacha off to the primal nether for ordering the death of archemorus somataaw  kelidash the usurper codified the 12 laws of the light as the law of the ebonspire and erected a monument to the first archon in the square before the palace "
let these words ring from the highest mountains to the lowest basins  the line has been drawn   
the second guardians rp is half over! finally over the hump   
misleading <propfemale> is misleading!!!
"silrian word of the day: calladius- the word for the highest court of the law of the light  usually overseen by two secular judges of common law and one priest or monk who sits in and interprets the laws of the light for the case at hand  calladius is different because there are no lawyers, plaintiff and defendant both make their own claims and support their cases with their own evidence "
"'s heart goes out to those in <propfemale> affected by the earthquake yesterday  so many earthquakes, its unbelievable "
"oh god, if <propfemale> bachmann is elected president i am swearing here and now i am emigrating to canada  y'all are welcome to come with me "
"watching bicentennial man  you know, i've never seen it before      "
"guh, tf2 is so hinged on the achievements its almost not worth it to play "
i dont understand why this dsl cord isnt working   
"hey, newt gingrich  how you doin'  look, could you just shut up for like a day? the more you try to damage control, the more of a horse's ass you look  <propfemale>?"
"theres mice on my floor of the building  everyone up your food, move it someplace the mice can't get to or hide it in a friend's room "
success! the robots give us an extra six seconds of  trust!
one episode of babylon 5 then bedtime   
f-cking snow
"may this be <propfirst> on high  that there is no more leniency for those who follow dark paths  there is and shall forever me a thin but uncrossable line betwixt that which is good and that which is not  though it may not be evil, it is against morality  morality is the highest precept which we must adhere to, and therefore it is wrong to go against it  is this true?"
"well, the jewish service i attended was quite interesting "
this someone opened the dryer downstairs while he was up here writing now my clothes are still damp and need an extra cycle  grrr 
should probably get around to filling out stuff for next semester     tomorrow morning first thing!
"\reach out and hear the voice of the wholeness of creation  the pulse of life and faith that runs through all of life    from the tiniest to the greatest     \"" canto 11: the book of councils"""
picked a good schedule!  laugh 
"survived on \the port\"" in l4d2 for 33 minutes      winning!"""
"?yeah so tired of waiting, waiting for us to  wake up?"
silrian word of the day: k'jata- pejorative for someone hailing from the southern lands controlled by the whistling labyrinth  k'jat is a kind of copper skinned fruit which the people there eat extensively as it is starchy like a banana 
do not want monday  sad 
"\only <propfirst> beck could make <propmale> o'reilly look like a statesman \"""""
i love when facebook spazzes and posts things 8 times in a row   
guess whose getting exactly 45 minutes of sleep tonight?  sad 
i don't know why i can't enroll in classes is this not working for anyone else? now i'm never going to get the classes i want!!!!  sad 
napping until the end of time   zzz
"conservatives asking people \do you think the democratic president we despise should get a second term?\"" is like asking someone from peta if they'd like a bite of your roast beef sandwich     """
"silrian word of the day: jae'vra- a species of pachyderms native to arath, with white skin and dark tusks  highly prized for their black <propfirst> "
vladimir putin vs <propmale> norris     who wins?
"the days of the week on the internet: bunday, memeday, humpday, thorsday, furryday, caturday, sundog  if you need clarification of what these mean, you aren't on the internet enough "
"silrian word of the day: kelidan- a council or defunct meeting of community leaders or rulers leaders of any kind meant to make decisions for a community or a kingdom at large  usually used in wartime between allies, it now applies to any kind of defunct meeting made specifically to decide something for a group "
"one paper down, one more to go!"
"silrian word of the day: lin'andra: the doctrine of patriarchy established by archon castigan the immortal, that a womans place is the home and childbirth and thus contradicted the doctrine established by the light saying \a woman's power and place is within the home and over the children\"" meaning a woman has ultimate authority in the home and over children """
"happy earth day and natural gas e playful losion!  laugh  *srsly, my heart goes out to those in <propfemale> affected by this 'splosion from tuesday*"
"silrian word of the day: el'a- modifier for a word to make it past tense, placed before a verb, noun or noun phrase to indicate the past tense"
"happy caturday, everyone!"
easter egg hunt tomorrow night is gonna be fun fun fun  smile 
hooray for chocolate and <propfemale> rabbits     oh yeah and something about zombie jesus    
final paper = done  huzzah!
nyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyan
"finally, sleep time   then another cycle of classes    *sigh*"
"i think its time someone said it: <propfemale> is no longer as big and threatening a global superpower as we were  we are, basically, at the same place the ussr was when it broke up "
wish i could get back around to writing my stories    
this portal achievement is going to kill me    and all the cake is gone    
"happy 226th birthday, <propfirst> <propfirst> audubon    "
"\i can't music!\"" ~kelly <propfirst> hassett"""
"well, the world of azeroth just got 90% creepier     "
trolololololol  laugh   love 
trolololololol  laugh   love 
it's almost hanko de mayo     laugh 
"note: evil, demonic voices sound cooler when speaking in french "
"gah, my whole head is stuffy!"
"guh, take-home logic final is hard to do when your brain is mostly still asleep "
"face it, world   that chromosome that makes you male is pretty much becoming more and more damaged and defective with every generation "
adventuring rule #999: die old and wealthy with some children to squabble over the inheritance 
adventuring rule 7: duel wielding small animals is strictly forbidden 
389  my samurai is not required to commit seppuku if he fails to hit the monster 
"540  a full minute of stunned silence means \my god what did you do?\"" not \""please continue \"""""
1043  ninjas do not have a hive mind 
"1062  even if i think of something the demi-lich isn’t immune to, he’s immune to it "
things mr  welch is no longer allowed to do in d&d: 1129  i will refrain from casting dimension jump and magnificent mansion on every police box we pass 
got stuck in a tvtropes loop for a long time there     what year is it?
1479  using the time machine to put 'w' at the front of the alphabet is silly 
"388  pursue means <propmale> after, not just make called shots to the knees "
"1666  if if takes more than five minutes for the debris to stop falling, i need to pick a smaller gun "
"well, i had an adventure    "
a typical monday night is watching maru the cat while studying     
"minecraft texture pack! its the rpg one, little slower running now but still playable just need to be careful placing blocks "
portal mishaps in minecraft: has anyone seen my legs perchance?
"rule of adventuring 488: when fishing, use a fishing <propmale>  do not use a fireball, meteor shower, flamethrower, dominate monster, magic missile, bug zapper, or e playful losive  draining the lake is also frowned upon "
"1527  there is no patron saint of the dodecahedron  false, i am the patron saint of the dodecahedron! worship me!!!"
new minecraft project!!!
omnomnomnom  smile 
today is the last day of the guide to adventuring    now passes a legacy   
"oh hey, look the sky is turning red and raining fire     interesting    "
"this just in: jesus called back and said he forgot about the leap year  the rapture is actually next saturday  false alarm, everybody we got 1 more week to get everything done "
still scouring for a job this summer   if anyone has ideas feel free to let me know 
<propfemale> is such a brick sometimes   
"silrian word of the day: dil'dari, a staple of food in arath  an unleavened flatbread used to scoop up other food  cereal grain based "
the skies are showing their bones tonight   
should me new module use vitality wound damage system or not?
it was ??'s birthday yesterday! happy belated birthday!
i might work minecraft into my next d&d world module 
the fog makes me wonder if some lovecraftian horror is about to emerge and devour our sanity 
"i wonder if i finish this gold, <propfemale> and lapis statue of notch then @reply it to notch on twitter he will see it    it is kind of gigantic "
"on the plus side, now that the floating island is done i now have to get down    crap"
the definition of a scientist is spending 5 1 2 hours attempting to balance two people on a see-saw using only physics   
"what is a good way to build high up in minecraft without falling  like, it is just freely standing in the air "
finally a new <propfemale> video   
my many attempts at horror are unsuccessful    hopefully this time i get it right 
"ok so story number one probably sucked but hey, i'm trying   "
creepypasta: because you weren't going to sleep tonight anyways    
"alright, so no cosmic monstrosities ate my sanity    but i'm still pissed about the whole \throwing me into the mysterious pit\"" thing  ?_? never playing call of cthulhu again """
"\for the last time; no you are not allowed to make the shoggoth your pet  stop trying to put a collar on it!\"" this is when you know your gm is about to kill you character """
z????????????a????????????????l????????g?????????????o?????????!?????????????
happy national doughnut day to me *nom*
brb: zalgo is in the cookie jar    
he is the rake   
z?????????a????????????l????????????g????????o????????????
"\perhaps the ending has not yet been written   \"" ~ atrus"""
minecrafting for about an hour  slowly filling my new underwater glass box with sand  40 blocks down 360 to go 
"\we are all made up of stardust   think of that next time you don't feel special \"""""
i r teh bored  annoyed 
should be walking normally soon   
a nice summer storm to take the heat away   
what is more important   that secrets stay hidden or the truth is told?
"good night, <propfemale>    (finish it if you remember the rest)"
finally beat portal 2 and i'm glad i did  now to go back and get all the achievements that i missed    
whats your favorite thing about space? mine is space!
w?ar?ing: c?  ?orr ?uption is  ???at 9?0% ????†?$£œ fact: space does not exist
how many note blocks is too much? because i can play the lost woods theme in minecraft now 
"downloading spiral knights now  gosh, i love free games!"
"rule of adventuring #70: when in doubt, magic missile   "
is downloading the songs to test by from www thinkwithportals com music
"i have a new idea of how to play minecraft  i'm subdividing my world into \made from scratch\"" and \""made using toomanyitems mod\"" so some projects are more important than others """
rule of adventuring #33: he ability to parry does not <propfemale> over into projectile weapons  specially when you are trying to parry using your own <propfemale> 
"i sometimes wonder what the \mother creeper\"" would be in minecraft   """
great day today with <propfirst> <propfirst> hassett & <propmale> welsh
"time to get back on the evil pony named \ice cream\"" and start indulging myself """
would you kindly go to sleep now?
even though spiral knights has a childish graphics design and color scheme its very fun for everyone who plays  love the mechanics of the game 
nyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyannyan    
"fact: though <propfirst> einstein is credited with the invention of the push-up, nikolai tesla had invented it 20 years prior under the name \telsa-cise\"""""
"apparently a certain hacker group just trod on the toes of the british government who, reportedly, are   *flips pages of legal pad*   \right bloody angry\""    """
computer fine now but was having huge issue 
i  love  my laser
i feel like every time my computer is on now i'm playing russian roulette with it 
figured out whats wrong    i'm gonna hafta recover my os or get a new one  bootnuke tyme!
getting repairs next friday    
there's just one more thing   rip <propfirst> falk
after a long trip in new york state and many days of walking i am home again   with approximately 200-300 pictures to upload 
finally facebook is back  thanks google+
waiting for the computer repair person   hopefully before my laptop decides to go into the light 
the repair people forgot to come    not kidding
finished the halo: reach campaign  did some firefight    got a killionare    #winning
still having issues  laptop seems to be out of control with no clear solution 
"alright, for now on gaming takes place on the desktop downstairs "
happy independence day
just unlocked blue flames on bungie net!
new phone!
yay thunderstorm!
so apparently i can post here from my phone   engage status-storm bomb!
penis
wiping <propfemale> then i'll figure from there 
there are bugs everywhere inside my house  wtf?
the narwhal bacons at midnight   
"every time someone says \leave one\"" i am tempted to just type the number 1 and click \""post\"""""
"one of us will tell you true, \one will always lie  \just one question is your due, \and only one reply  \one right answer gets you through, \which door will you try?"
"hmm, what would my spirit pokemon be?"
"the word of the day is \anyprostitute\"""""
hoping for some rain to break the heat 
"editing the forge map to support ctf, koth and infection"
still blazing hot out    whoever was praying for beach weather please stop   
"\i have walked this earth many times and do you know what i have found? ignorance and fear with only the tiniest jewels of hope strewn among the mud \"" ~ scar hieros"""
should probably use his facebook for thing besides reposting images of lolcats   what do you think?
just made captain in halo: reach  is it terrible i measure my worth as a human being by my rank in video games?
up at the crack of noon once again   *yawn*
"defiant map pack is half off today, must get!"
"reforging a slayer map, bridge over trouble  you can guess what it centers around "
the essence of fear is something which we know is real but we do not know what it is   
"weird firefight glitch on unearthed in the underpass  in a vehicle there, enemies will ignore you if you don't move    "
i suppose working on the suspense in 13 ravencrown avenue is a little bit of a pain    
"my hand is a dolphin, your argument is invalid "
wait   i'm moving back to school soon  must cram in as much fun as possible!!!1
is it weird i think there should be some sort of exam before you're allowed to be a parent?
"\why is it that all the women who are against abortion are people you wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?\"" ~ <propfirst> carlin"""
anyone know of any websites that have comics graphic novels on them that aren't laden with viruses   
"is totally not dead, his phone just ran out of money   "
*looks at watch* looks like its half-past asparagus    time to check the jell-o tree for flombers 
"ok, now i know i never want to play amnesia"
nice lil' t-storm to make everything better
re-installing minecraft    i just hope my world transfers ok     
finally i got minecraft back    just need to wait to put the texture packs in because they need the hd graphics fix
"is it just me, or is <propfemale> bachmann insane? look at her eyes, they are completely soulless "
"\too much madness & evil & stupidity out there tonight  too many people without hope  too many copycat idiots & thugs  may tomorrow be better\"" recent tweet from @neilhimself"""
"still feeling bad, going to doctor  hope i feel better soon "
maybe minecraft today because i'm feeling sick
"yes, i did just notice the \maledictine globe\"" is basically the marauder's map in globe form  *goes off to edit*"""
minecrafting    need to liberate my glass area of sand    seal off the roof and get to placing the grass
uhm  is facebook spazzing for anyone? my news feed & chat are hiding from me   
every time you want to destroy the world: remember    you live here too 
minecraft players: how do i get a map that isn't hyper zoomed in?
wtf is that in the corner of my facebook?
probably going to re-tool the wormwood tomb so it makes more logical sense    dream sequences!
a good weekend   and tomorrow i will get down to writing and minecrafting  those 600 blocks of sand aren't going to dig themselves out!
building suspense is hard work    
ow  burn'd my finger on a hot piece of toast  - -
apparently minecraft decided that sound is for noobs
i kind of wish the sounds of my portal didnt <propfemale> through the dirt on top of it   
buying books today    
620$ for books because the uni is a bastard and only carries books amazon doesn't have   
whats the best color carpeting for a library?
is currently totally hooked on the game show channel   annoyed 
"i have an idea; watch people play amnesia the dark descent for <propfemale>  the more money we donate, the longer they play     livestreaming their gaming so everyone can see  can we get them all the way to the end of the game for <propfemale> (and great justice?)"
is working on updating his rail system in minecraft and needs to know if powered rails can lift a person in a minecart up an incline
"apparently i'm not allowed to run screaming into combat shouting \for narnia!\"""""
"#1 anti-griefer defense for minecraft  for stone houses, make your walls hollow and fill them with lava    someone break your wall? they get burned to death  if its wood you've got, ask an admin or moderator for a monster spawner block and tell them its to protect against griefers  put it inside a hollow wall  that griefer wont like the army of zombies chasing him when he tries to steal your hard-earned wood "
"so apparently, my friends pop-up in the lower right is stuck open       great"
"the problem with suspense is that if you screw up, you loose it and you can't get it back    "
"tip #1 for living in ichor falls: if someone knocks on your door at night, make double sure there's something visible outside before you open up   "
"tip #2: anything which claims to \devour souls\"" should not be perturbed  even if it is sleeping in your bed and you're tired """
tip #3: monsters with unpronounceable names are worse than ones with pronounceable names 
long day was loooooooong
"shaved off the moustache  rip, moustache   "
"on reflection, using fire to clear a <propmale> was a bad idea   "
"finally, i reached lt  colonel in halo: reach    "
   now that all that is sorted out    now to actually write all the stories mentioned    
my dormitory dosen't have internet until thursday  mustn't  go  insane 
"need to get books today, riverwalk, and printing my schedule   "
thinking of witty silly thing to put on my whiteboard   
i like how  didn't have a classroom for my spanish class posted until just this morning
"is going to try to dm a game here on campus on saturdays, hopefully   "
i love how the book pick-up people at south lie and tell me my life science books aren't ready to be picked up when clearly my e-mails from the university bookstore's website are telling me they are ready   
"looks like my life science course will be a good class   the lab, however, is still unknown "
having to plan out my meals so can take my prescriptions is annoying   
"one day, i'll get some use out of my board game    eventually     "
classes start for reals now  sad 
"is finally going to try league of legends   just *try* it, there's no guarantee i'll like it 100%"
so don't mind me later if i start whistling the song of storms   it has nothing to do with the fact that its been raining for a few days off and on   
*yawn* i r awake nao!
not an entirely clean <propmale> of health but getting there   slowly   
"playing a game of league, saving up for nasus or sion   "
i don't know how to describe how i feel right now but something in between swamped and sick   
"i voted for marck clerveau, because honestly, only d-bags vote for <propfirst> tarr "
i woke up this morning feeling like p  diddy    it was really not as great as it sounds 
"goodness, i didn't think a con for weed was even legal  guess i know where everyone is going   "
"changed my profile pic to my spirit fictional character, abaddon from guild wars   "
bloody university and its departments being total pandemonium with grading and assignments   
"\she speaks germany\"" ~ spanish professor     pretty sure thats not the translation   """
w00t free skin in lol!
#3 reason college stinks; everything you touch has someone's cold flu germs on it   
happy hump day!
"i don't know for sure, but topitttcs is not a word "
"facebook, i am disappoint  stop trying to be like tumblr "
"hose may have seemed like chocolate muffins, but they were actually concentrated sawdust and chocolate flavored laxatives  gotta love aramark food "
"my spanish teacher just used the sentence \today is friday  tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes  afterwards\""  trying to teach us the days of the week  she has no idea why we are rofling """
"\virgins have the best sex stories     \"" ~ gaming club"""
working on a new story for halloween     hopefully it will be done by then 
rammus has a tmnt skin     i think i know who i want to play as forever   
"good night, facebook   "
annoying college thing #4: when it gets so humid inside the dorms that the dorms swell and you have to kick them to open them 
how many fucks would a <propfemale> badger give if a <propfemale> badger could give a fuck?
"the phrase \the sky is the limit\"" bothers me  it inherently contains a limiting word   the real way to phrase that would be \""theres no limit to what you can do\""  it just bothers me is all """
evil is relative to the eye that perceives it
"the day i observe a zygote under a microscope with the ability to read, write and  do arithmatic (sp?) is the day i consider it as \a living person\"""""
"if only i could win that \design your own champion\"" thing   lol would be wicked fun with thanatos creepin' around """
"in minecraft-related news: i finished my mountain and my secret entrance  now all i have to do is build the house inside it and connect it to the rail line    then connect the flying castle to a rail line   then update to 1 8 and say \goodbye first world\"""""
"\lemme show you the house i'm building\"" is now a euphamism for sex """
\spider," you know all that anger isn't good for you  \""\"e06fccdb075ee8ac1e69469f024d627f,tomorrow is friday? gosh this was a long week   
"\how do you sweep?\"" ~kelly <propfirst> hassett"""
i wonder why there isn't some sort of con for lol  theres blizzcon & minecon    why not leaguecon?
"be not afraid of the man, be afraid of the idea   it is the idea that creates   or destroys  the man is simply the instrument "
nyan
"finally, the rp is rolling   slowly but still rolling "
"\i am evil! stop laughing!\"" ~ veigar"""
when god gives you lemons you find a new god!
"yes or no, should i go back and try writing some stories in the guardians of light universe?"
"want to create a flame war over 9000 posts? mention veganism   \*full power to flame shields!*"
heading back to <propmale> after a nice 2 day break  crunch tiem!
you probably thought this was a status update  nope! it's just <propmale> testa 
"alright; not 100% sure but i might be sick again  thats the last time i touch a doorknob on south campus, i swear "
feeling better
i am suddenly very hungry and thirsty   
i love you ~kelly <propfirst> hassett
is actually getting some appetite back
the sick has migrated to my upper respiratory tract     worst week ever 
alright time to lay down and rest my eyes for a minute before shower & bed 
"the phrase \cat scratch fever\"" is now a euphamism for being into <propfemale> furries """
"\we are the ones who will still remain when all is laid to waste\"" ~ demon <propmale> (undying)"""
<insert status here>
"it isn't a metroid prime game if the thing you need is 400 rooms away  *sigh* samus aran: bounty <propmale>, marathon <propmale> "
someday; i hope to have my champion idea made real    *dreams*
buttheadbuttheadbutthead <propfirst> <propfirst> hassett was here!
"revision #232: whatever design was originally intended is lost, what were we making again?"
"the more i revise, the less thanatos is like my original vision  i feel like i'm trying to serve everyone else's ideas over my own "
"while i argue the merits of a champion that doesn't exist except in my wild dreams, i am also going to work on something more productive  since, apparently, arguing on the internet is actually entertaining to some people "
"a game where 2,830,000 people can claim to know exactly how to play and that the 2,830,999 people are wrong is looking at a community problem larger than anything a video game has ever seen  if 2,830,000 disagree on the exact specifics of playing video game x, then the community by default cannot be trusted to provide good coaching  i have no idea why no one else agrees with me "
like my status if you like liking statuses  *yo dawg*
"okay, so   two thumbs up for the giant plant monster boss  really, nintendo? a boss i defeat by running around shining mirrors in its eyes? that's kind of lame   "
i'm awake before 10 on a weekend  scumbag brain woke me up   
i *really* want to go to vidcon but i can't because i'm broke  #whitepeopleproblems
"you know what grinds my gears? when someone makes something amazing then just abruptly stops continuing making amazing things for no adequate reason other than \i don't wanna  it's popular now \"" wtf? fucking hipsters   """
"for you seniors thinking of applying to umass <propmale>, take this advice    don't "
???? ???? ????? ??? ??? ??? ??? ?? ???? ???
these aren't your dad's puns  these are energy puns  turbopuns!
things are beginning to a lot more pressed for work so less fun time  hooray! work!
"a paper for abnormal psych, writing for personality psych, and writing lab reports up after wednesday labs means the foreseeable future is going to be very full of writing things "
anyone else want tagging in my note regarding my first collection of stories?
everyone missed a geomagnetic storm last night  we had auroras as far south as alabama 
"i can feel it  brace yourselves, finals are coming!"
i just realized friday is really close 
derpy hooves is 1 year old! hooray!
what terrible weather we had today   
cake or death?\\,e06fccdb075ee8ac1e69469f024d627f,idea: give phreak his own champion   make it a brain in a giant robot suit    
all <propfemale> to the hypnotoad   
tomorrow is the day of eternal night   
i'm glad my costume worked out 
happy halloween!
"you know, i just had a thought  in a way, holidays like halloween and christmas are more fun as adults   "
today's xkcd didn't make sense   
"the occupy movement is nice and all, but you aren't exactly doing anything  you're going to have to actually do something besides get beaten up by police   "
"\just move to the internet  it's great here  we get to live inside where the weather is always awesome \"" ~ <propfirst> green"""
my ipod knows me too well   shuffled me a medly of disney tunes 
fiddlesticks 15 6 16
i'd watch v for vendetta today in celebration the 5th but netflix dosen't <propfemale> that movie on instant queue 
"hooray! all copies of tfios are signed! and now, <propfirst> may rest    "
"\and perhaps while i'm fantasizing a badger will leap out of my colon and do a little dance\"" ~ bhalspawn"""
hooray! i am now a mebmer of escapecraft!
hmm    this facebook needs more kittens in it   
remember to wear a poppy tomorrow for remembrance day    
"today is a day to look back and thank all those who have sacrificed for their countries and remember those who we've lost along the way so we can sleep safe at night  to all veterans, thank you   "
"\even the hardiest stone fades away in time\"" ~ scar hieros"""
i'm in harvard square where the occupy people are protesting  is it wrong that i want to shout at all of them to grow up and stop bitching?
