f7ad5f7964a0801575b26427cbc2f01b
happy new year!!!
chi-town here i come!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> was here  playful 
<propfemale> vs  godzilla    squish!
happy new year everyone!!!!
happy easter!!
i'm freeeeeeeee! no more aps!!!!!!
done!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 14 pages done smile 
i need a break from chem studying 3 days straight ahhhh i hate finals! ideal gas law: v*p= n*r*t make it stopppp!
happy bloomsday!!!! go <propfirst> <propfemale> !
you speak witchery! - <propmale>
"sorry ghana, i like you guys a lot, but     go usa! i hope i can see some of the game during the weding"
now that was a fun weding! i lovemy family 
happy 4th of july!
no pancakes sad 
one day until england!!!!
on the plane to london  see you guys in two weeks!
i believe that eating spam at 5'clock in the morning should not be allowed 
leaving england sad 
i'm home smile 
"if you are going to treat me like a petulant child, i may as well act like one "
"it was great, too bad it didn't last"
got my permit smile 
"i feel sightly masochistic, so i'm going to listen to \someday you will be loved\"" by death cab for cutie  yay for putting salt in an open wound!"""
"late august is such at tease, summer doesn't last   sad "
i can't sleep
i got contacts smile 
contacts are evil 
"would have been nine months today, but it isn't  sad "
"school tomorrow, ap bio summer work today! sad "
i just got 3 pairs of pants for free!
optimism: a mania for insting that all is well when things are going badly
"this paper is killing me! oh wait, i can use the word is, ahah"
why is my goldfish turning white?
i hate being sick sad 
i need to get out of this house i'm going crazy!!!!
fitrip woot!!!!!
field trip wooot!!!!
the social network was a terrific movie  everyone with a facebookshould go see it 
good lucky to anyone taking the psats today!
"one college down, eight to go!"
carpe diem- seize the carp
i hate it when plans fall through!
this is going to be an interesting election night
"california über allis! <propfirst> brown is the govenor of california, again!"
going to chicago
"i am where god drinks coffee, the divinty school coffee shop at the university of chicago"
back home smile 
"happy thanksgiving to all, even to you candians that had thanksgiving more than a month ago smile "
"huge gallagher, you are now my hero for life "
my hamlet paper is done!!!! woot!
full ride to fordham!!!!!' woot!!!
my sister smells cow chips and then sells them as truffles 
i was just looking at the cover of the new time magazine
"\the great the red wall of china\"" - <propfemale>"""
