23e028cff3c6c3f27c9cef417952fc52
got that animal hat!
hey is there a certain place i can go on here to view like all the quizes?
is going to listen to owl city till i pass out  smile 
filling up my waterbed! man i missed it while they were redoing our carpet!
if you need a job and have a reliable car text me 623 824 2921
hey if you want a puppy! i have a 4 month old red nose pit bull mix  she has a lot of energy and is very healthy i want to keep her but i have no place she can stay so i just want her to go to someone who will take care of her and treat her good  if you want more info or if you want to take her home with you please let me know  smile  623 824 2921
happy new year to everyone! i wish you all the best of luck!
chillin at home watchin the runaways
at home bored as hell  nothing to do    well besides laundry
awesome awesome awesome night!  smile 
booooorrrrreeeedddd!
<propmale> mars is dam good
"dear <propfemale>, i hate your stinkin guts, you make me vomit, you're scuuuum between my toes  love, alfalfa i love the little rascals!"
i'm going to start playing the piano again  i want to make music  smile 
can't sleep someone should text me or something
imagine all the people livin for today  you may say that i'm a dreamer but i'm no the only one  i hope someday you'll join us  and the world will live as one
if its a piece of hair you need baby just ask
taking out my septum piercing tomorrow  smile  quit smoking started working out  now all i need is to get <propfemale> brown haha
<propfirst> i love you man r i p
so i got a question  do you wana have a slumber party in my basement? do i make your heart beat like an 808 drum?
gay ass night  besides going to the movies with my family  work tomorrow text me then  night
"work! i feel amazing today, its gonna be a good day  text me  smile "
chillin at gios  nice relaxation after a 15 hour day at work  text me 623 824 2921
chillin at home  i want to get a massage or something  not today though got work  annoyed 
watching avatar  smile 
todays my only day off from work this week  smile  hit me up lets chill
worked sucked  time to pass out
"i'll put you in a beach house right on the edge of costa rica, put one of them lil' flowers in your hair have you lookin like a fly mamacita, fuego"
going to the gym  smile 
feels like shit
"so don't let anyone scare you, you know that i'll protect you always, now through the thick and thin until the end"
love ya <propfirst>  i miss you cuz
can't sleep  annoyed  hit me up on the cell
dam my xbox sucks
i need a bad chick  wink 
stoploss = amazing  i've watched this movie like a million times
8 days till my birthday!!!
"beating hearts baby! baby is this love for real, let me in your arms to feel, the beating of your heart baby!"
"if i was ya man (baby you) never worry 'bout (what i do) i'd be coming home (back to you) every night, doin' you right"
full from chipotle  smile  sleep then work  go suns!!!!!!
my 20th birthday is tomorrow!  smile 
20!
bomb ass night! just got home now time for work
"sassy and she classy, fly and she flash it\\gutta, dats my gutta bitch, badd and she nasty"
vacation tomorrow!!!!!!!!
on <propfemale> island baby! next stop ensenada mexico!
on my way home! should be back around 2 or 3  badass vacation!
got a new tattoo! i'll take pics in a few days
the t v  show entourage = my life pretty soon!
i need to go to carnaval brasil!
"if you haven't already, read the books crank and glass by <propfemale> hopkins  life changing"
automatic loveletter
"eating grilled cheese, spaghetti o's, and watching grease haha bored as hell"
who wants to come to my house later tonight and go swimming?!
is a stud!
is no longer broke at midnight! and my painting just came in! great day
can't sleep  i'm bound for bigger things and i know it
dam two nights in a row and not being able to sleep really sucks
just made myself a bomb steak and some potatoes  now its time for a nap then off to work
ari gold is the man!
some people love to play games       don't play me
fun ass night fishing and chillin with the boys  now its time for softball practice
i work hard and play harder      and i work to the bone  wink 
made myself some bomb ass beef stroganoff  i'm gonna feel great at work
yesterday was a great day! today is the start of a new life  smile 
just got home from camping     wish i could've stayed longer
i`m not that thuggish not that ruggish but i do pack bone
"don't you ever get lonely?\\yeah, don't you ever get lonely?\\'cause it's no better for me\\i still cannot breathe"
my car sucks!
boring ass night  picked myself up a 40  after that gonna get some sleep i guess
i'm done with it
badass night with <propfirst> miller last nigt ya'll missed it!
it sucks how some people get everything handed to them  i have to work super hard for everthing and then i still get shit on
is really really hungry but theres never anything to eat at home  anyone wanna cook for me?!
<propfemale> lambert=the love of my life
<propfemale> <propmale>
<propfemale> <propmale> is a punk
yeah!!! time for work gotta love these 11-12 hour shifts
if you`re up you should let me know se we can text  smile 
oklahoma state!
big 12 get ready the cowboys are on the loose!
fail blog is the best thing ever
"if drinking don't kill me\\her memory will\\i can't hold out much longer\\the way that i feel\\with the blood from my body\\i could start my own still\\and if drinking don't kill me\\her memory will"
tonight really sucks
"black: i\hate you; pink: i like you; purple: i would date you; red: i love you;\orange: i like talking to you; white: i really care about you; silver annoyed we're close; green: you're hot; yellow: i couldn't live without you; brown: best friends \\tell me what you think"
work is my life  my friend level has gone way down! sorry to all the homies
so     tired     must     not    fall    asleep     at    work      
another great night  smile  about to be followed up by another long day at work
time to get ready for work then bp tonight!
if you`re pillow talkin to the women that are srewin you just know they gonna tell anotha nigga when they through with you
chillin with <propmale> and <propmale> (his blue tick coon hound)
baby you finer than your fine cousin  and your cousin fine but she aint got my heart beatin double time
i love going to work an my days off         not! this sucks
done with work for the day time to chill \\n\\ni'm a love machine and i won't work for nobody but you 
i need to relax and take it easy tonight
ky and camy crack me up lol these girls love me
long day at work today     but i'm off tomorrow!
cock-a-doodle brew son
boondock saints = my life story  rule of the wrist kicks ass
dam detox is gonna be so sick      if it ever comes out
i love you <propfirst>  r i p cuz
got surrounded by the police right now  crazy e playful irience
double today 9am-11pm  sad  but at least i have tomorrow off
today is going to be one of the best days of my life so far!
i feel so relaxed and calm when jayden sleeps in my arms  he's a little angel  smile 
its a great day  smile  last night was amazing
is chillin at stephs watching some planet earth
naked jucie & oatmeal = a great start to the day!
we drunk so let me be your alcohol hero
change your profile picture to one of a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any human    faces on facebook until monday - only an invasion of memories  for the fight against child abuse - copy and paste on your wall
mmmm <propfemale> mcadams in the notebook = the love of my life!
thinkin i'll probably be alone forever
in tucson with the family
great weekend with the family! i just wish <propfirst> was still around i love you bro !
got my car fixed! but i'm still gettin a new one!
i walk around like i got a s on my chest
overall last night was awesome haha
who wants to go see a movie with me today?
dam i'm lazy today! i can't get out of bed
a little bp with <propfirst> <propfemale> and steph  chill night
"ain't nobody sauced like this, ain't no other barbeque boss like this"
"the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood, and they hop their pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car"
ready to make an entrance so back on up cuz you know we bout to rip shit up give me the microphone first so bust like a bubble
you could stay but shorty here i go  should spend the weekend in vegas? i'm living inside a moment not takin pictures to save it
super tired  work can't go by fast enough
listening to usher at work always gets me pumped up
worked 13 hours today and i'll probably have to do it again tomorrow
