c544ee15861d965fb00f4e9c481b05e2
"a wee bit late, but a happy new year to one and all!!!!"
"is chilling at the airport, hopefully <propfemale> will arrive soon   i'm starting to feel like a creeper because i'm not actually going anywhere   annoyed "
"quote of the day:  \are you here for the funeral?\"""""
misses her boy from county armagh 
it's about 500 degrees in my room   no air conditioning and the window being open is not helping   ew 
"just got a new phone!  i've never had one with such fancy things as bluetooth and a video recorder   not the iphone i dream of, but close enough!  weeeee!"
"the fog sitting outside right now is gorgeous   if you're in edinburgh, be sure to have a look out your window!"
is making apple turnovers   you should be jealous 
"my little kiddo is a rock <propfemale>      lead singer and everything   i'm so proud *tear*  and go usa!!!   brazil will kick your ass, but well done anyway!"
"can't sleep, bad mood "
dissertation time!
i really and truly do hate that <propmale> davidson across the street 
"has the workings of a lit review   1600 words, not too shabby so far   only 2400 left to go      "
"stuck at 2300 words, tempted to leave it at that and excuse my lack of finishing it away with a sob story "
"there, managed to squeeze another 800 words out and that's me calling that done "
had a great night out with the boys!!!  thanks so much for the wonderful send off!
is totally not feeling this bowl of cheerios   ew 
"has yet to get crack a lackin' on the packing   but clean laundry is drying, i've exchanged some money, passport is no longer lost, stocked up on nicorette gum, i'm bout ready to go!  and drinkies with the girls tonight   glee!"
"is off to the airport!  i'll miss you edinburgh, see you in a month!"
made it to <propmale> safe and sound!
being at home is not terribly conducive to writing this dissertation    sad 
"hail, serious fucking rain, crazy wind       yay for colorado i suppose   can't even think straight it's so noisy inside the house just now "
"was thinking doing a phd was a big no for a while, but just found a handful of projects from the university of ulster that are right up my alley      hmmm"
"is pretty sure this chipotle burrito is a small slice of heaven, sent lovingly from god to improve my day "
"has the house essentially to her self, hotel california playing on the speakers, beautifully <propfemale> day in colorado   best day of this holiday yet "
is pretty sure myed is conspiring against me   work you damned thing!
"reading, reading, reading, reading, trying to ignore the tv, more reading "
sometimes it just takes a good song and some quiet reflection to realize how good you've got it and how lucky you really are 
this job search situations is getting god damned depressing 
"has two and a half more articles to read and that should be enough to write this dissertation on   outline hopefully tonight and chapter 2 over the weekend   i'm sure i could think of more fun things to do for my last weekend home, but oh well "
is finally getting out of the house and off to <propfemale> with my beloved amiga!! woooooo!
"finally got through my collection of worldly possessions from the past 22 years, dissertation chapter remains currently unwritten, and looks like i'm heading back to edinburgh in 2 days wearing a cowboy hat      for reals "
is going to the tattoo!  gleeeeeee!  thanks <propfemale>!!  *loves*
"all right dissertation chapter, i'm gonna kick your ass across this basement today   let's get ready to rumble!"
all packed and ready to head back to edinburgh in the morning!  woo woo!
is safely back in edinburgh and celebrating this fact with a night out with the lovely ladies!
"maybe if i look up dead bodies in the river in toronto, i'll get a phone call from <propfirst> saying he's back        it's worked before "
"odd things you might here from my room this evening:  no <propmale> <propfirst>, you don't go there, you go here!  (i'm talking to jpegs, god help me) "
is finally feeling like her writing is back up to snuff (after a year)       and my dissertation has pretty pictures (pretty being a relative term of course)   yay for late nights 
"has actually gone seriously over the word limit   let's call that a first, lol "
"job interview, i has one!  ^ ^"
my sleeping schedule is all sorts of screwed and i'm afraid to eat because something earlier made me sick   *pout*
could have just as easily started out today without maggotgate '09 in the kitchen 
"just bought her first pant suit   this must be some sort of life milestone or something (and <propfirst>, you'd love it, all white)"
tattoo is tonight (woo woo!) job interview round 2 tomorrow and dissertation over the weekend!  busy buusy!
hates that she can't sleep between the hours of 3am to 6am   i just wake up and that's me awake for a while   sad business 
seriously just got the best piece of advice ever   problem sorted 
"all right, mr  dissertation, here's the deal   i'm going to go to sleep and when i wake up, i would like you finished, edited and ready to print tomorrow morning   if you could do that for me, it would be great!"
"sooo, the dissertation took the cookie and the coffee, but left me with the rest of the paper to write   cheeky   thus, it's hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work i go "
"is ready to slip into a pasta induced coma   not to toot my own horn, but i am a damn decent cook "
"soooo, i'm up for consideration for a position at the apple store in aberdeen   please excuse me while i wet myself "
this dissertation brought to you by talisker scotch whisky (thanks <propfemale>!)
i don't wanna anymore 
i need to hide my internet cable from myself   so distracting!!
"is off to aberdeen   all right apple, it's about damn time you had a kisner in your ranks   let's do this thing!"
"interview went well i think, it was a group one, so i have to wait to see if i get called back for a second one, thanks for all the good luck wishes!  now time for a cup of tea then bed, cause i'm finishing that dissertation tomorrow if it kills me!"
"is convinced redy brek and gerber baby oatmeal are the same thing   oh well, it's food "
"<propfirst>, put some bing in the fridge   it's gonna be a long night "
my baby is back in edinburgh!!!!
has officially finished the writing part of this dissertation   time to edit!  i'm starting to taste victory 
is fighting with her mural photos  but very nearly done!
stick a fork in me cause i'm done!
"is up bright and early to journey back to aberdeen   with all luck, i'll come back with a job!  fingers crossed!"
"had a great day in aberdeen!  i will know about the job in the next couple weeks, but coolest thing today:  i met <propfirst> connolly!!!  shook his hand and all ^ ^"
is thinking it's probably time to start at least developing an exit strategy 
"sooo, the only thing that stood in between me and a job at apple was the post-study work visa i cannot yet apply for   they did tell me to keep in touch though, so i guess that's good "
"is preparing to embark on the journey that is riding a bike around the streets of edinburgh   i will admit to being more than a little scared, but i'm doing my research "
has had a wonderfully productive evening   feels good to get stuff done!
"is getting real tired of this moving business      at least i stayed in one flat for about a year, that's impressive for me!"
has a horrible feeling the cleaners emptied out my suitcases that were in a closet        which would mean my columbia jacket has been thrown away 
rage!!!!!!
the flat is now cleaner than it was when i moved in   the one highlight of this moving thing is that <propfirst> get's to do all the heavy lifting   thank god for small favors 
i should very much like a cute pair of wellies and an equally adorable umbrella for my birthday   thank you 
"is spending her birthday with her two favorite men:  <propfirst> and <propfirst>   if i'm lucky, <propfirst> will make an apperance a bit later  xoxoxox"
owie
"lucozade makes everything feel better      except my teeth,they always feel rotted after i drink those things "
"whew!!  i was fearing the worst there with this job, but i'm still in the running!  fingers crossed for wednesday!"
"is really not sure how many \no's\"" she's going to able to handle """
i may be going through a quater life crisis        my hair is purple    annoyed 
had an amazing anniversary  (h)
has a knight in shining armor 
is so over cleaning other people's homes   lame 
"it's a beautiful morning in edinburgh, i don't have any jobs to go to today, i'm ready for an adventure!  just as soon as my traveling partner gets his lazy butt out of bed "
"according to 90% of my facebook, the broncos won   yay! (i'm so far out of the loop      )"
i got my wellie boots!!  ^ ^
it's like edinburgh knew i had brand new wellies to test out   thanks for the rain!  now to get the <propfemale> stew with soda bread bowls going   i love not working!
"upon checking my much ignored university email, i have been informed that i have been awarded a master of science in nationalism studies   damn, does that feel good!"
thanks very much for all the congratulations!!!  laugh 
"it is funny that <propmale> thinks he is clever because he changed some of my facebook details   what are we, freshmen?"
i think subway is destined to injure me      a dog bit me in the head at age 4 over a subway sandwich and today a bread tray fell off the toaster and slammed my forearm onto a roasting hot toaster door d:
finished her 8 day stint at subway and is ready to graduate   congratulations to all the university of edinburgh graduates!!!!!!!
"thank you so much for all the congratulations!!   i had a brilliant day, loved every minute!  just in the midst of preparing a late thanksgiving dinner  laugh "
is doing pretty damn well 
is seriously in love with this vanilla <propfemale> chamomile tea business   yum!
"so it was snowing here for maybe 10 minutes, then went back to being rain   come on edinburgh, just snow already!!!"
"is so glad no one was around to watch me destroy a prawn mayo baguette   in other news, the visa gods have smiled favorably on me today, let's hope it continues!"
"ah, lovely homemade mulled wine and a mince pie   delish!!!"
this damn visa application is doing my head in!!!
just got an interesting looking european chocolate bar in her advent today   i am both excited and intrigued   thanks <propfirst>!!
just opened her darling and lovely penguin christmas jammies and got a beautiful card from <propfirst> all the way from deutschland that completely made my day   so much love to everyone in my life  i wish i had to go into time you let you all know how much you mean to me and the beautiful impact you've had in my life   <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!
just came to the realization that she's spending christmas on her own   sad business   i miss my family 
thank you bbc iplayer for the late christmas gift of hours of entertainment involving the ever-pleasant-to-look-at <propfirst> tennant 
"well, that's the last of the talisker gone      time for a new bottle of whisky "
"it's taken nearly 2 hours, a trip to boots for more hairgrips and hairspray, but i have made my short hair into a beehive   awesome!"
"just had an epic fall on the ice       seriously, can't we lay some ice or grit or something!? freakin' ice rink out there!"
is no longer an illegal      thanks <propmale> at edinburgh airport!!!!
"not at home presently and phone looks likely to die!  will be in touch tomorrow, sorry if anyone needs me xx"
"who knew that trying to find a small, reasonably priced dining table would be such hard work!"
"had an awesome night last night, found a cool new pub, then took the chef out and lost bits of his uniform      looks like we won't be going back there again "
"seriously edinburgh city counsil, sort the sidewalks!! this is time number 5 on my arse and i'm not enjoying it very much  and cause i finally know what it means, white "
feels bad for whoever else is in the flat cause i'm singing loudly along to <propfemale>   sorry guys!!
"come on post man, show me some love!!  i'm going mad here!!!"
i can has visa plz?
"owie   my head hurts, i'm at work and i'm not 100% how i scraped my arm   sad <propfemale> "
quite enjoyed her new whisky   the wee dram has made me sleepy though     
"is trying to decide if the 'ignore it' approach to moving is the best one      to be fair, i haven't really technically unpacked since september      can't wait to move into the new place!!!"
is it sad that 4 scottish boys had to tell me who was playing in the super bowl?  and i get my keys tomorrow!!!!  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!
is t-minus one hour to collecting the keys!!  just getting the first load of stuff in the car!!
i have a visa!!!!!!!!!!!!  and a new flat!!!!!!!!!  life is freaking fantastic!   laugh 
"what a great week!!!  new flat, visa, and the newest addition to my life, the cat also known as mrs  treacle!!  still no internet yet though!"
still no internet at the flat      boo 
had a brilliant <propfirst>'s day       <propfirst> got me tickets to see <propmale> matthews band in glasgow on march 11th       yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
my internet goes live tomorrow and i can stop running my digital life via subway   thank christ 
just created the anti-christ sandwich      the chicken bacon steak and cheese footlong     as in both types of meat on one footlong   topped off with ketchup and mayo   i'm pretty sure an angel just died 
i have internet!!  yessss!
is bummed mrs  treacle isn't being terribly sociable today 
looking at paint colours and drinking a single gin and tonic with a <propfemale> curled up by the fire      could life get any better?
"why does it have to be a bright beautiful day when i had every intention of deep cleaning my flat   oh well, time to figure out something fun to do with no money!"
just decimated a huge colony of dust bunnies   flats that were previously occupied by boys are dirty!
"mrs  treacle is off to her first check up (everything's fine, just a firm believer in prevention is key)   i can already imagine the dirty looks i'm going to get "
"at work, doing the subway thing   woo "
"is slightly concerned that my 4 for 25p chocolate mousses are only 2% chocolate       if that's the case, what the hell constitutes the other 98%?!"
i suppose it's about time i got my ass off the couch and went and purchased some food 
"tip of the day:  if you have short, red hair, do not curl it   you will look like bozo the clown and will be most depressed for the rest of the day   d:"
dinner and a movie with my fave couple!!  yay for living like old marrieds!
it's time for wine!!!!
"omg dmb tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!  my excitement overwhelms!!!  just gotta get <propfirst> up and get ourselves to the train station     oh man, two excitements in one day, choo choo trains and <propmale>   love "
"<propmale> <propfirst>'s band was incredible!!  absolutely loved it!  audience was seriously lacking in enthusiasm, but still amazing!!  very happy to have made the final train back into edinburgh as well, it was a close call!"
i could have really done with the day off to clean my ground zero of a flat    sad 
is ignoring the responsibilities of respectable house-cleaning   at least i remembered to put the milk in the fridge before youtube lured me in with it's never ending freak show   thanks youtube 
"i am both intrigued and horrified by the idea of a pet stroller       would make vet trips easier, but good god, would we look ridiculous!"
"is thinking a nice hot bubble bath, cup of tea, a book and bed by nine   livin' it up on a saturday night!"
"awesome discovery of the day:  new cereal called curiously cinnamon, is actually cinnamon toast crunch!!  already sat down with a bowl, oh how i've missed you!"
i have found the holy grail of white bread recipes   i'll be doing good if i don't eat the whole damn loaf before i go to bed!!  yum!!
i think this wind is going to knock my flat down   jesus 
i'm not sure if i find the persistent meowing to wake me up in the morning endearing or flat out annoying   do not stand in the way of mrs  treacle and her breakfast!
6am is a most unholy hour    sad 
"hmmm, glass of wine or cup of tea?"
"caught between going to sleep at 7pm and making dinner      sleep is so tempting, but it's still light out "
"is it midnight or one now?  i'm not sure, freaking time change  annoyed "
"thanks o2, i love having my phone randomly disconnected!"
clumping <propfemale> litter is probably the coolest thing i've e playful erienced all day       possibly all week!
"ugh, non-stop headache for the past 2 days   unpleasant!"
fancies something pretty     
is taking longer than usual to become a fully functioning human being       sleeeeeeep!
let the 5 days away from subway commence!!!!!!!!!!
is absolutely loving germany so far!!!
"day 3 in germany, off to münchen  (wheeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!)  also have received word that the arranged key swapping has taken place and boy number 1 has not failed in his duties   may boy number 2 continue this pattern   long live mrs  treacle!"
"seemed to have missed the baker nostalgia fest!!  visited a <propmale> bath today, feeling super clean and relaxed   now onto translating <propmale> cookbooks!!!!"
just walked 3 <propmale> in the rain   i'm soaked and more than a little cranky 
just made <propmale> rankin a sandwich       subway win  laugh 
"so many chores to do, so little <propfemale> to do them!  screw you laundry and dishes!"
"is in a very geeky mood and could do very well with a lord of the rings marathon   and yet, all those movies are at home    sad "
"tomorrow will be a day of sorting out my life   that will probably bleed into friday as well, how have things gotten so far off track!?"
"the next time i hear \welcome to the o2 voice messaging service         \""  i will punch someone in the face """
has a phone interview for bank of scotland!!!!!  things are looking up!
"is on the phone to <propfemale> <propfemale> (in the states), using my bt landline, and the lady is the slowest person ever   anyone want to put bets down on how much this phone call is going to cost?"
"well, not much else to do, may as well clean this place   what an incredibly boring day off!"
"looks like summer has left edinburgh again   it was nice while it lasted   at least the subway won't be 50,000 degrees "
work was my personalized version of hell today   people were in terrible moods today!!
"oh dear, mr  headache, where have you come from?  i have things to do and i cannot have you getting in the way!"
there is something so richly satisfying about having a clean flat   and my headache has finally gone away!  excellent!
perhaps cooking dinner is not the best time to bring sexy back      damn near lost a finger 
"saw the most horrifying thing on the way to work   short skirt that's shimmied towards the tummy, tights with the crotch hovering above the knees and arse and hoo ha out for all the the world to see   someone out there had a rough saturday night "
phone interview in t-minus 20 minutes       i'm so nervous!!!!
phone interview was a success       on to a face to face interview   wheeeeeee!
going to the dentist sucks   numb and he didn't even do that great a job of cleaning my teeth   and they charged me more than they said they would   *grump*
i feel it is time to have short bright blonde hair again   nothing says summer like being blonde!
"jeremy:  \my drag name would be train wreck\""\",c544ee15861d965fb00f4e9c481b05e2,i'm loving my weekly weep fest with losing it with <propfemale> michaels!
"desperately trying to enjoy a lie in, but folks downstairs sounds like their gutting their flat       right below my bedroom   me and mrs  are not amused "
oh the search continues        
where one door closes another one opens!  yes!
went out and got me an interviewin' outfit   roll on wednesday!
"dear mrs  treacle,  please stop kicking litter all over my home   it's gross and i can't vacuum or sweep enough to keep up with the mess you create   love, m"
"i was totally going to do my workout today, but i can't imagine my downstairs neighbor would appreciate me bouncing about this time at night!        at least that's what i'm telling myself "
well that was an irritating result      
"i should clarify      go usa      england, you are irritating "
"all right, got the personal shopper booked for this dress to wear to a wedding       must get it right or <propfemale> will kill me      don't want that to happen!"
"how is it even when i get paid, i'm still broke!?  argh!"
"for once, woke up early and is now peacefully enjoying coffee and lazing about, rather than running around trying to get ready for work in 15 minutes   i like it "
is very pleased to welcome <propfirst> b  treacle into the family!  mom and dad are both very proud 
<propfirst> likes watching tv       even when there's nothing good on 
"off to northern ireland later this evening!  work, packing, and last minute <propfemale> cuddles are on the to do list!"
glad to be home!
little one is fast asleep on my feet   love him!
"why is mrs t so cooperative at the vet, but when it's my turn to give a pill it's a shit fest?"
i think the sun is beginning to poke out from behind the clouds   watch this space          smile 
- -
facebook some times has a way of rubbing my nose in it       
11 smile 0pm is probably not the best time to completely scour my flat       but at least it's getting done!
"cleaning complete!  (well, minus the vacuuming, but i figured my neighbors wouldn't appreciate that!)  happiness is a clean home  smile "
"this is the first time both cats have sat together in the living room   i'm exhausted, but i don't wanna ruin the moment       "
what an absolutely lovely day with biz (so much love  love ) and a lovely movie night with <propfirst>   thanks guys for a fantastic day!! xxxx
falling asleep on the couch not such a good idea      back of my head is asleep o o
let me just tell you how unexcited i am to have to close tonight       sundays are the worst for buses home d:
£0 77         roll on friday!
horrifying fact of the day:  <propfemale> bees don't die after they sting you just because they've lost their stinger       it's because the stinger gets stuck and causes most of it's abdomen to rip off   *shudder*
<propfirst> is driving me and mrs  both mad       so much energy!!  gotta calm him down before bed!
ooo!  sun rain       love it!
the fringe is upon us       i am already overwhelmed by the selection   i think i shall play it free and easy      emphasis on free!  i will be having breakfast 100 feet in the air with <propfirst> on thursday though       gleeeeee!
"the photo of \downtown\"" baldwin city on wikipedia just made me laugh out loud   oh i do miss that place sometimes!"""
"laundry, dishes, bath, bedtime       fingers crossed this next week brings me some good news!"
there's something so nice about coming home and seeing two faces who are so happy to see you!  (even if it's just so they can have their dinner)
hbos still hasn't gotten my paperwork through       another 2-3 weeks waiting  frustration!
"dearest wee <propfirst>, thanks for breaking that pint glass into a hundred billion pieces   and knocking over the houseplant, that was a nice touch "
"had a fantastic day!!  had a beautiful breakfast with my perfect man, a lovely bit of window shopping day with biz!   love "
happy birthday <propfirst>!!  have a great day!! i love you!! xoxo
one day off is not nearly enough       i'm not ready to go back to work!!  sad 
"i could really use a wish right now       keep telling myself good things come to those who wait, but i tell ya what, my <propfemale> is running thin   come on bos get it together!"
new phone! gleeeeee!
is beginning to understand why they call them crackberries     using it in the bath would be a terrible idea wouldn't it?
today everything is wrong
i think today has led to a gin evening 
is going to london!!!
"i can't write cover letters for shit   all i want to put is i'm freakin' awesome, just call me and find out for yourself "
someone just asked if i could go get them a bottler of water and it took everything i had not to say why not get it yourself 
"i was not, however, able to hide my look of \you lazy bugger\"" """
let it rain!!! all day please!
"oh the weather outside is frightful but the subway is so delightful!  so since there's no one in the shop, let it rain let it rain, let it rain!!!"
"although sweet, <propfemale> kisses get a bit sore after a while   thanks for the thought <propfirst> "
yes! bank paper work is where it should be and one more week to get it processed!  i see the light at the end of the tunnel!
"got a bottle of bubbly for either my new job or my birthday, whichever comes first  laugh   maybe both!"
"want a cup of tea, but can't move, <propfemale> snoozing in my lap   can't ruin the moment!"
is there a reason my internet is down? least i still got the phone 
oh right i got an email it would be down   boo thought i'd be on my way to london then
"12 hours before leaving for london      still gotta work and pack in the meantime     and do dishes, and clean litter trays   i should have really done some of this last night "
"to who ever might sit next to me on the bus     don't talk to me, don't touch me, and don't interact with me!  thanks!"
4 hours into my journey and my  is ridiculously sore and the bus smells like sleepy uncomfortable people 
i have landed in london town!  time for coffee and to change outta travel clothes!
£15 pounds for the tube!   sad 
at the station two more hours but loads to read   also on operation last minute pee to avoid the extortionate toilet charges 
on the upgraded bus and edinburgh bound!
"home, in bed and snuggled with <propfirst>   all is well  smile "
"i think wee <propfirst> missed me, he's not left my side since i got home "
"my home is starting to resemble a home again, as opposed to a pig sty   yay!  and new carpet sweeper to play with "
cleaning complete   carpet sweeper is the business!
i have an end and a start date my last day as a subway employee is the 24th of september!
got a bucket of red paint and i'm a little afraid to use it!
"thank you so much for all the wonderful birthday wishes!!!  i've had a fantastic day, mega props to biz, <propmale> and <propfirst>    laugh "
should be asleep but playing with my cooks journal instead  smile 
"i beat the sun up this morning       by a two hours   this, however, is not going to be a significant achievement quite soon i feel   bring on the dark, damp scottish winters "
"training info arrived yesterday       looks like i need to go get me some \business dress\"" outfits        *gleeeeee*  i am so freakin excited!  12 more days at subway  laugh """
"every day really is a gift   and i am personally so bad at keeping in touch, i will strive to do better   i love you all and thank you for being a part of my life "
"any friends in the states who'd like to chat, send me your cell phone <propfirst> or check out rebtel   i use it to keep in touch with my family and would love to get more people to talk to!"
"sometimes, i like looking at american food shops in the uk online, and i get my hopes up a little, but there is something seriously wrong with paying £5 for a box of kraft <propmale> and cheese or hamburger helper (each)      i like these things, just  they're not exactly £5 kinda good "
does anyone else enjoying reading things on the internet they know are going to piss them off or just be plain stupid?  i sure do 
"just saw the pope, took him all of ten seconds to come past the shop"
i just found my dad's christmas present   it shall actually be sent for christmas this year 
i should get off my ass and clean this place     
just found out how to work my shower        7 months after moving in   thanks <propmale>!
this feels like the longest week ever 
what a fantastic rainy day!
"i'm sure i'm going to hell for this but everytime a vegetarian asks me to change my gloves, even i just put them on, i start looking for some bacon to shove my hands in  rant "
"i should add, the nature of subway has made it impossible to actually do so "
"dyed my hair and enjoying the new color   only, i think i'm gonna chicken out on getting it cut really short        we'll see what happens tomorrow!"
"been too long since i read a book way past my bed time   absolutely lovely feeling   (and on a side note, facebook has announced that <propfirst> and i's anniversary is on thursday, with a small heart   this makes me smile )"
my head is sore  sad 
"i feel like a kid at christmas   so excited, i'm having a hard time sitting still "
"first day, cannot wait!  like a kid on christmas morning    laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
thank you so much for the well wishes!!  the pink blouse was well and truly rocked   i had a good time and now it's time to select my uniform 
"work is going great, learning lots and very excited to get stuck into the branch next week!  really enjoying myself so far!"
cool thing i learned at work today: stick your driver's license under a black light and tell me that isn't cool!
"for the first time in my life, i'm going to try and follow a reality tv shows from start to finish   week one of the apprentice, here we go "
"between my flat's boiling hot water and ironing, my poor left hand is feeling sore    sad "
curled up on the couch with my baby g and a cuppa watching eliabeth the <propfemale> age   great sunday!
one would think apple's telephone support would have better music playing for the hold time   sadly no 
"oh, and if anyone in the edinburgh area has an ironing board they don't use, hook me up, cause for the first time in my life, i actually need one (and £20 is ridiculous)   xx"
the apple gods must love me 
wee man is booked in for his neuter   he will not be having a great halloween 
a saturday night should not include shampooing the carpet       but there we go   clean apartment ahoy!
 annoyed 
my first bos pay check       woooooow  smile   i is pleased 
<propfirst> got through the snip like a pro!  cheeky bugger is trying to break out of his kennel   so proud of my wee man!
yay for a new cozy jumper and new jammies!
fact of the day:  <propfirst> does not like fire works   he's hiding under the tub   doesn't help one of the biggest shows in edinburgh is basically in my back garden 
hahaha omg this has put any 4th of july fireworks shows i've seen to shame   cars alarms are going off and my street is lit up like it's <propfemale>!
sooooo sleepy       don't wanna do dishes   it's too early in the week to be this knackered 
computer seems to have died  sad   thanks to <propfirst> for lending me his  laugh 
i am wearing the itchiest tights known to man kind   my discomfort knows no bounds 
"a huge congratulations to my grandparents, who are celebrating 50 years of marriage!!!!!  i love you both so much!"
i shall pretend that my vote for wagner made all the difference  the look on <propfemale> <propmale>'s face right then was so worth £0 35
"so turns out when it comes to family meal deals, <propfirst> and i do not constitute a family   lesson learned "
omg <propfemale> next week!
"somehow broke the bed frame, nearly clear in half!  looks like <propfirst>'s christmas present is going to pay for a new one "
"so very much to be grateful for this year   a wonderful, loving boyfriend, two fantastic cats who light up my life, a brilliant family, great friends and a fabulous new job   wishing everyone a very happy thanksgiving!"
"me, a bottle of lambrini and about 12 kg of tatties   operation scottish thanksgiving dinner is underway "
"thicken you damn sugar syrup!  you've been boiling for half an hour, this is ridiculous!"
fact of the day:  the founders of panda e playful ress are alumni of baker university    laugh 
"if there is a god, he will let wagner stay in this week   sick of your face <propfemale>      "
i'm a bit worried x factor has become my new hobby       although for all the wrong reasons 
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
my heart is broken   that was a couple quid down the drain 
"i'm thinking tidying, bath, celebrity get me out of here and then sleep   yes, that sounds just about right   and bring on the snow!"
"got home last night, and in comes <propfirst>, with a christmas tree, lights and ornaments    love "
"oh good, it's snowing        again   we haven't even cleared off the first bit!"
something went wrong with my photo upload      maybe they'll pop up later 
i am shattered      gotta go groccery shopping      how is it i never have any food!
"cuddled up on the couch with the wee man, watching it snow "
nothing quite like cuddling up into bed and then hearing the sound of a cat destroying something   this time he drug a bag full of presents about 30 feet 
baking peanut butter cookies with biz   be jealous!
would rather just crawl back into bed today 
got wrapping and cleaning to do       but <propfirst> just came and curled up beside me   how can i deny that little face a cuddle!?
"presents, check   tape, check   scissors, check  bit o' booze, check   christmas-scented candle, check   operation christmas is underway "
i hope everyone here has a very <propfemale> christmas!  i miss everyone so much and hope that you all have a wonderful day!  xoxoxox
"had a great christmas, up until the point i was locked out and had to kick my door in   door repairs shall commence tomorrow "
"for the second time in my life, i have successfully broken in to my own apartment then subsequently repaired the damage ensued by said breaking in   not to toot my own horn, but i am a bamf   be jealous "
"although, i should really stop locking myself out in the first place "
clean home is a happy home  smile 
i suppose the one nice thing about <propfirst> being away is stealing his clothes   man jeans are so cozy!
chores complete and top gear on iplayer!  ^ ^
"not sure what's going on, but the sound of highland cathedral on bagpipes is drifting through my window   love it "
heres hoping everyone has a great hogmanay!  see ya'll next year!!! xoxoxo
does <propfemale> mix go off after a certain point?  my <propfemale> tastes funny  annoyed 
i feel a cold coming on   d:  tomorrow shall have to involve making a giant pot of chicken noodle soup 
"just made a lovely fry up for me and <propfirst>, sun's out and later on, i'm making cookies   shall be a delightful sunday i think "
i'm gonna knit a sheep
<propfirst> killed his first mouse today   i am both a proud of my little <propmale> and absolutely heartbroken for the baby mouse  annoyed 
"okay, just saw the 2nd mouse of the morning, he's still alive       but where are all the mice coming from!?"
"and there goes mouse number three   if you are a rodent, this is the house of pain "
now he's playing with the wee corpse   this is too much!  so gross 
just got rid of the last one and now a 4th mouse   we have an infestation 
"now that 10 downing street is looking for a cat, i'd like to put <propfirst> forward for the job   he practiced all weekend, and i'll move there and take care of him "
<propmale> tacos for dinner tonight!  cannot wait!
"i want eggo waffles   though if i asked some one to ship them to me, i fear they wouldn't survive the trip  sad   i miss my frozen breakfast friends "
i've had mrs treacle for one year today  smile   so greateful for 365 days of having her in my life 
up to my arse in cookie dough   perhaps doubling the recipe was a bit much?
quote of the day: 'justice is the sub of the day!'  <propfirst>
"i think i shall have to go see the decemberists in glasgow   at £15 a ticket, hard to say no really   roll on payday!"
"i am <propmale>'s granddaughter, and of this fact i am so proud   i love you so much grandpa "
i love you grandpa  you are one of a kind and i miss you with all my heart 
go on o'gara!!!
"so <propfirst> took me out driving today   i did okay, but i'm not sure edinburgh is ready for <propfemale> kisner behind the wheel   in a <propmale> no less "
nice to see the refs noticing when the wrong ball is in play today 
go on scotland!!!!!!!  well done!
happy st <propfirst>'s day!  time to kiss me an irishman!  for luck
"two customers today   first customer \wanted\"" (never please or thank you) everything", jerked around my computer monitor and ended up filing a formal complaint over requiring a withdrawal slip (which i filled out for him anyway) \c544ee15861d965fb00f4e9c481b05e2,got my green on   let's do this thing 
bod!!!!!!!!!!!!!
guess who's gonna abseil off the forth road bridge?  this lady!
correction:  rail bridge   it's right next to the road one
"<propfirst>'s just gotten me off to a flying start for my fundraising!!!  a massive £50!  any donation will help though!  (and no, i didn't steal his wallet or hold him to gun point)"
