5a76f8cae3d7f31f11f69ce900858456
goin downhill
my dog was put down today   
facebook isn't working and i'm babysittin
the packers came everthing is gone or in boxes
going to <propfemale> for a week tomorrow!
got stinging nettle up and down my legs
my internet will be gone after tonight until i get to florida
i'm homeless now
i'm in florida and i'm dying of heat
"blah i'm ready to move into a house, the place we're staying is boring"
went kayaking and bowling yesturday i got lots of salt water in my eyes while kayaking but it was a fun day
one more week til school!
signing up for classes tomorrow it'll be a long day
my cat's scared of heights hehehe
ugh i'm extra bored  playful 
so sore   but cross country is fun!
i went to blockbuser today it was so exciting!!!
i miss my bubbles ='(
i'm so excited i can't wait for rock the universe this weekend!!!
i lost my voice but rock the universe was so much fun!!!!!!!!
i despise <propfemale> splints   
hehe i love kettle corn!!!!
my 5k was sad and painful but i got 28 smile 2
ugh i think i'm catching something  sad 
yay blisters!
brownies!!!!!
i got my permit!!!!
going to my first football game ever tomorrow!
homecoming was awsome we went to the waffle house before hand!!!
today was absolutely gorgeous!!!
"i'm ready for thanksgiving, i'll get to see grandma!!!"
going to see a movie!!!!!
pr'ed by 1 smile 0 it was pretty awesome
driving was exciting and i didn't crash!!!
my legs hurt  playful 
gah!!!!!this is so sad  crying  i was so excited
went to the fsu game yesturday and dad made me drive on the highway it was pretty exciting
i wanna watch the little mermaid
dad's getting a pick up truck when i can drive and it will mostly be mine until <propmale> comes to visit!!!!!!
doing hw and icing my hip!
blah i'm exhausted  playful 
"today was the best day ever it was gorgeous out, mom came home, it's friday, and we have a house!!! smile "
can't wait till november 6th!
legs hurt like crazy and i think my heart just shattered a little bit  but i'm happy smile 
i'm stuck on crutches until my foot is better and then i can't run for a month  sad 
"going to the football game, but i don't have any pink to wear   sad "
going to orange fest to paint faces in my costume and then i'm going trick or treating with katrin!!!
we get our house tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i'm getting a puppy!!!!!!!!!
i miss traveling to other countries and seeing old things  sad  even the castles with terrible towers that i had to go up  playful 
ugh i hate essays
missing wonderously amazing people
adopting a puppy on tuesday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> is the cutest puppy ever i can't wait for monday!!!
i had a pretty exciting wonderful day  smile 
pretty great night!!!!!i really don't wanna go to school tomorrow  playful 
i just got the softest blanket in the world!!!!!!
it feels like friday  playful 
can't wait for the game it's gunna be awesome!!!
had a very wonderful night  smile 
i'm so excited this game is gunna be crazy awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
happy christmas!!!!
i got one    hope you're happy  playful 
yay i'm not as sore!!!!!happy christmas!!!!
blah <propfemale> splints  playful 
ugh so much to do this weekend  playful 
gah gooogly eyes   
by far the best weekend of my life!!! laugh 
i think it should be spring break like right now
it was a good day i can't wait to go to church!!!
why don't we just dance
random picture taking is fun smile 
i love watermelon!!!! laugh 
 laugh  i love my spikes
it's been such a long weekend i'm exhausted  playful 
it should be really really nice out this weekend so i can go to the beach smile 
this water colour is taking forever to paint  sad 
mom set a potatoe on fire in the microwave it scared the crap out of me smile 
i'm so excited i get to disect a brain tomorrow!!! laugh 
i'm disecting an eyeball tomorrow i can't wait it's going to be so cool!!!!!!!!!
i'm so burnt i look like a lobster but it was a great day!!! laugh 
i love my oil pastels they're so pretty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"county tomorrow, grandma wensday, and then blitz thursday thursday needs to come fast"
blitz is gunna be awesome i can't wait i hope tomorrow speeds by
"so exhausted, paper plates and eating outside were the highlight of my life smile  i had a wonderful time"
i love the beach!!!next spring break i'm making it my goal to go to the beach everyday smile 
i'm a lobster playful 
i need another week off playful 
i miss bubbles sad 
has anyone else realized beautiful starts with be you?
can't wait for the end of tomorrow!
prom!!!it's going to be an exciting day! laugh 
so tired playful  i'll never run the 400 and 800 at the same meet again they're way to close together
the dang internet won't let me add pictures playful 
"it was a great day! laugh  i can't wait for tomorrow, i'm ready for the weekend"
i despise writing essays  playful 
pre-op tomorrow then surgery on friday this weekend is gunna stink playful 
surgery went great! smile  now i'm exhausted
12 weeks and 4 days
can't wait to take katrin to disney with me  laugh 
i hate when year books come out playful  signing them is so annoying
one week til disney!!!!! laugh 
it was a great day even though i'm covered in paint and exhausted playful 
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!disney!!!!!!!!!!
2 and a half hours left i can't wait!!!
senior!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
i would walk 500 <propmale> and i would walk 500 more just be the man who walked 1000 to fall down at you door da da da (da da da) da da da (da da da) da da da d<propfemale> diddle <propfemale> diddle <propfemale> diddle uh da  smile  love that song don't like having it stuck in my head
five weeks!!!!!!  laugh  i'll be an adult and able to drive i can't wait
putting a pool togetherr is very difficult playful 
can't get vbs songs out of my head  playful 
it's my last day as a kid  laugh 
thanks for all the birthday wishes i had a great day!
woohoo i'm going to get my license today!!!
i need one more week before school  playful 
1 annoyed panish <propfirst> 2 sad horus dye 3 playful hotography mulhearn 4:ap 2d nihil 5:trig lunsford 6:ap lit crump 7:govt hon <propmale>
exhausted but this year seems like it'll be exciting
my calfs are so tight  playful 
yay it's finally friday!!! this was the longest week of my life  playful 
i got to talk to daddy today!!!!! laugh 
 playful  i strongly dislike quotes projects does anyone know the code thing for crumps class on turnitin?
woohoo!!!i'm so excited for rock the universe!!!!!!
fish do make noise  smile 
rock the universe was awesome!!! i lost my voice again  playful 
 playful  my legs are so tight i don't want to move
blah  playful 
so very ready to feel better  playful 
loving quizlet at the moment!!
blah i need to go back to the north i miss snow
independent study i despise you with a passion and i also really need to stop procrastinating  playful 
zombie mode  playful 
i really want to move somewhere exciting and far away just because
had an awesome night hanging with wonderful people yesterday!!!
ugh why is it so hot  playful 
i wanna learn how to dance!
woohoo two weeks can't wait!!!!
ready for a day full of othello and <propmale>     playful 
blah it's going to be a late night i haven't even started my quotes yet  playful 
woohoo finally finished!!! now it's time for a precious two hours of sleep!
yay for naps!!!
i should stop being nice
"loving life, but most importantly loving god!!!"
next week is going to be awsome!!!!
"i drove to destin, and didn't die!!!  laugh "
4 days!! i need to go get some reese's  smile 
ready for track!!!
first track practice of the season and my arms are the only thing on me thats sore   for now anyway
<propmale> is going faster then i thought too bad it's not that fast  playful  sabbath tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
had the most amazing weekend!!!
yay nap time!!!
do people in the north get as excited about walmart as people in the south cause i'm pretty sure its a southern thing
i can't find articles  playful 
flounder has a lucky fin  sad 
it is amazing how easy the quotes project is when you don't procrastinate the whole time
i love this weather  laugh 
cooking dinner it's exciting!  smile 
who's going on the senior trip?
i ran into a wall and now i have bruises  playful 
this week is great i have a job interview tomorrow and daddy comes home on sunday!!!!
making some arms and angry eyes for blitz  laugh 
daddy's home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
darn you quotes project  playful  i would very much love to be participating in nap time right now instead 
going to <propfemale> with the crew  smile 
smores!!!!!  laugh 
can't wait to be done with ap lit i want to go to the beach  playful 
i want to go visit lakenheath  playful 
so i've been singing(more like yelling) along with the passion cd in my car and now my voice is going  laugh 
ready for the beach on friday!  laugh  who's joining me?
"1000 words, and some quotes from articles and i'll be all done with my synthesis essay"
i have got to lay off the coffee  playful 
had the best weekend ever!!!!  laugh 
i cannot wait to go back to blue lake i love it there!
"went for a run, it is gorgeous out why must i spend the day inside at work"
"i love my covenant group, they are absolutely wonderful!!!  laugh "
"just 8 more weeks, i don't know if i can make it  playful "
blueberry
my tummy muscles hurt form laughing  laugh 
happy are the people to whom such blessings fall; happy are the people whose god is the lord  psalms 144:15
my dress is almost done!!!  laugh 
