eeb009f874bde4d7d6eb667849c429b5
i am so confused by facebook  sad 
"what a new years party, sheesh!"
"time to dig deep into this thing, i feel socially isolated "
"a message to bp, the federal government, or whoever    plug the goddamn oil leek ya fools!"
"run from park rangers, they're known to steal weed "
camping tomarrow!!! excited 
talking philosophy during a thunder lightning storm is pretty epic 
apparently my subconsious has decided it's okay to pee in random places inside  definitly not cool  memo to self : use the toilet damnit!
"rain for 3 days, pretty awesome "
if my soul made music  it'd sound like the black keys  no kidding  fuck 
"bought a keyboard  time to try and learn sheet music, oi vei "
"contrary to popular belief, i love you all "
it's so cool that after all these years    i still wanna play diablo 2 
must climb mountain!!!
"when, in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation "
why is it so hard for some people to go camping? arg
"went camping, got a flat in bfe, got a new tire from a <propfirst> manson look alike, paid in reefer  thank god for crazy stoner mountain guys!"
"darkness brings, terrible things   "
lords of acid and my life with the thrill kill kult next week  then silversun pickups  thrice the week before    man concerts are fun!
"goal : not to change peoples minds, but make them think "
"<propmale> grands ne sont grands que parce que nous sommes à genoux: levons-nous \ní uasal aon uasal ach sinne bheith íseal: éirímis "
starcraft 2 = epicness incarnate!
can anyone tell me    what is the deal with the furry boots? woman make such a huge deal about body hair    then they wear hairy ass shoes! wtf?!
metal band of the year : abominable iron sloth
"ideas are like fire  human minds are the forest   \we should all strive to be pyros "
silversun pickups tomarrow!!! (massive excitement)
"reinventing the way we sell things, one t-shirt at a time! (just don't e playful ect to make much money, i don't really like buying random strangers t-shirts!)"
silversun tonight omfg
new #1 hero :  <propfirst> assange
i forgot how much being home alone sucks 
yeah    i'm going to hell  but i'll have all the best stories to tell 
wednsday  halfway  come quickly weekend  i need you for my sanity 
work road trip tonight!! meeker here i come!
burning man  i hear you coming   !
anyone wanna give me a job? i'm tired of working for facists 
"you buy furniture  you tell yourself, this is the last sofa i will ever need in my life  buy the sofa, then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong, at least you've got your sofa issue handled  then the right set of dishes  then the perfect bed  the drapes  the rug  then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you "
thanks for the subway sandwich 711 lady! you treat me so well!
may i never be complete  may i never be content  may i never be perfect 
5 days 
2 days 
less then 24 hours 
9 hours bitches 
3 hours!
where was i last week?
"361 beers on the wall, knock one down, pass it around   "
to all of you i met at burning man    i fucking love you 
maybe i should try sprinkling playa on my eggs or something   
man    it hurts to care 
"my phone is off  no one call it please  will have a new one soon, maybe "
new number 7204954745 
lesson for today : look up before you lift your arms into the air  ow 
"so, just got back from new york  hopefully my future home  epic "
"so, i've come to the conclusion that my little sister is a sith lord!"
anyone want a job? all you have to do is beat the shit out of me everytime i try to smoke a cigarette  this is a contract job  5$ a pop  let's get this economy going!
"rip mr  <propmale>  you were crazy, and we loved you for that "
excuse me  im drunk  fuck you my cat died  fuck 
after all these years    rolling down the stairs drunk is still fun  and still painful the next day 
"i love everyone  except you  yes, you "
"greeks are epic  philosophy, and awesome, awesome food "
"wealth is a means to an end, not the end itself "
laughter shall fuel your spirits engine 
"the greatest gift, in my mind, that you can give someone    is to show them something grand that they've never seen before  pretty much my goal in life  i am so utterly and stupidly thankful for that oppurtunity  and even more so thankful to those whose eyes are open to this awesome planet we live on, and the epic fun it can deliver  thank you all for being you  think i finally decompressed, : annoyed igh:: "
sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken 
"i'm young enough to be all pissed off,\but i'm old enough to be jaded \i'm of the age where i want things to change,\but with age my hopes have faded \i'm young and bored of being young and bored –\if i was old i could say i'd seen it all before \in short, i'm tired, and in short i'm probably fired \if the revolution doesn't want me i don't give a shit "
i listened to smashing pumpkins when i was little  sorry 
i feel like i did a great injustice  goddamnit 
opeth really gets me in the halloween mood 
segui il tuo corso e lascia dir <propfemale> genti
that which does not remain in motion is in a state of static decay  only through progression can we hope to achieve anything 
"oi  in soviet russia, corn field plow you!"
so i took <propfirst>'s advice and am attempting to write a book  tentative title : generation fuck it  pray to your heathen gods that i might actually finish it 
"colorado, it is of thee,\dark land of tyranny,\of thee i sing;\land wherein labor's bled,\land from which law has fled,\bow down thy mournful head,\capital is <propmale> "
this might be the craziest thing ever! http annoyed  us akinator com #
only hours remain 
"hey everyone, if your bored today    go vote fuckers!"
"got called for a job interview at 2, didn't sleep last night, look like a crackhead  pray to your heathen gods folks!!!"
tea <propfirst> gave me + wheel of time + kitties = win morning
"some friends, are just better not had "
wheel of time = liquid epicness forged into book form
i realized i read at about 1 <propfemale> a minute    gonna have to record this better 
finished wheel of time  shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit 
why is my rice always hard ahhhhhhhhhhh!!! fail 
ghostland observatory makes me happy  very 
children of men just toppled fight club as my favorite movie ever  all hail the new champion of movie-dom 
i'm not ignoring you all after 7 oclock on purpose  been going to bed early and waking up at 5 smile 0 
ahhhh phone charger where are you?!
fucking kyuss    best shit ever  it's been too long 
does a hammer ever wish it was something greater then a hammer? doubt it   
"how many guys out there have a chainsaw instead of a hand? one, mother fucker, one "
"band of the week, death from above 1979 "
dobby the house elf = badass
lord of the rings time with the wife  nerdism woot 
the job-man cometh 
"\every time we witness an act that we feel to be unjust and do not act we become a party to injustice \"""""
im gonna be a carpenter like jesus  starting tomorrow  wish me luck!
i sold 8 hours today  mmmmhmmmmmm 
just realized silversun pickups is my favorite band  after realizing that the silversun pickups concert was my favorite concert  if you could e playful ress my brainwaves into musical form i'd hope it would sound something like them 
i worked harder today then i have in my whole life  carrying 150-200 pound poles down 5 flights of stairs for 4 hours  among other crazy madness  so goddamned satisfying 
ow my body is broken!!!
"if it had not been for the discontent of a few fellows who had not been satisfied with their conditions, you would still be living in caves  intelligent discontent is the mainspring of civilization \progress is born of agitation  it is agitation or stagnation "
"alright everyone, im off to work in pueblo for a few days  yippie! don't let anything crazy happen while i'm gone "
lonely night   
i asked the owner of the company i work for today where to put my completed time card    and he told me to throw it away  how bold! i like him 
"when i got home from work, i had so much concrete mix on me that i thought i'd turn into a statue in the shower "
new years party at case <propmale> sasquatch tonight  come one come all! kegs and bow-ties!
"cigarettes e playful lode on unknown and darkened midnight roads   \through cavernous canyons gently caressing cyclopean cliffs,\in desolate desert dystopias, dehydrated and asphyxiated,\over idle forests, interweaving intricately in unthought symmetry   "
"dearest earth, i love you, but i think we should see other people "
"daddy was a rollin' stone, he rolled away one day, and he never came home! oooo"
deftones at the ogden on a friday! (so excited for this)
"ghostland observatory feb 26th, who wants to go!?"
almost time to buy ticket to go home    excited!
did someone give me a swirly last night?!
7 degrees is warm? fucking aye it is!!!
"time is money, friend "
is it just me or does a burning man ticket kinda feel like the <propfemale> ticket in <propmale> wonka?
eating banana bread on the balcony of a 16th floor apartment is pretty epic
"everyone, 1 band i should check out, go!"
dillinger escape plan    where have you been all my life?
¡mira! hablo español!
ghetto chinese = ??????????
i need some concrete cut!
okay i know alot of you think video games are lame    but raining mortars down upon nazis is so fricken fun!
oh paper route how i love thee!
thanks for all the happy birthdays everyone!!! love you all!
i'd rather run my <propmale> over with my car then go to strabucks  fuck you 
this weather is love 
excited for birthday party    i need your love 
"my gears they grind \more each day \and i feel like \they're gonna grind away   \\and the city blocks\they drive me wild \they're never ending \mile after mile   "
"i realized last night    if my friends ruled the world, everyone would speak in falsetto "
"hunker down, it's gonna be coooold tonight "
what kind of devil virus is this anyways    fuck 
"battle on you white blood cells, battle on!!!"
?!
running out of wiper fluid in colorado sucks  worst way to almost die ever!
football would be better if they had swords too 
"i found an awesome jacket at the thrift store    and i went to pay for it    and they lady goes \we can't sell this to you \"" and walks away  i never saw the jacket again    those dirty bitches """
burning man ticket! woohoo!!
for someone who champions the idea of change    it's not very fun when your not the one causing it 
queens of the stone age concert soooon wooooooo!
i had a dream me and my girlfriend were captured by <propmale> and <propmale> castro  i then ended up making good buddies with <propmale> and we talked about ak-47s and played video games  what the fuck 
the person you should be most critical of in this world is yourself 
frey is my last name 
hangover from hell     ow 
"i really love my friends  that's only count em, four beers talking  thank you "
"april is going to be a great, great month "
oooo too much pizza     sad 
"dear everyone who bought tickets to the concert i want to see on april 8th then put them up for sale on ebay and craigslist for tons of money, go fuck yourselves  thank you "
never fight a land war in <propfemale> 
coffee od coffee od ahhh!
it's gonna be a niiiiice day  time to go outside!
"so, there's about 3 people living in the little forested trail area by my house    one even has a tent set up now "
"facebook, your not entertaining me tonight, goodbye "
"cymothoa exigua, yum "
\just because you have the biggest gun\,eeb009f874bde4d7d6eb667849c429b5,"time to head to the hills  thank you, sun "
i am the human incarnation of a complete laque of discipline 
time for some metal tainted fun tonight!
"don't let me wonder away drunk downtown anymore, geesh "
i'll see all you lovely burners later!
my cats eat better then most people on this planet  sad 
"rest in peace, yesterday "
hike hike hike!!!
ow
3 wishes  none of the more wishes bullshit  go!
tuesdays    pfft 
"american public debt = 93% of gdp  that's $14 trillion \\gdp growth is only at 2 9% \\while our main competitions' is 10 46% \\we need to do things differently "
"listen guys, we get fucked up every weekend  i'm not even <propfemale>  i'm going to demonstrate this by staying as sober as i possibly can all weekend  i don't like gingers and i don't like bono that's for damn sure  leprachauns are stupid  like shitty genies  the color green isn't even that good  so shove it, st <propfirst> "
the <propfemale> was huge tonight    and so was i with dead dreams 
being sick is so lame!
"another message to all you ticket scalpers who are more then likely going to prevent me from seeing my favorite band ever    fuck off, and die "
"why yes <propfemale>    \\we all float down here "
"<propfemale> beams dripping out of the sky like liquid   \light flooding all the oceans with flowing fluorescence   \igniting waves of neon lava crashing over the continents   \sometimes, i'm pretty content "
"(<propfirst> im stealing this, thanks!)\\what would you do if you woke up tomorrow and the american dollar was worthless?"
so ghostland observatory and thievery corporation are playing red rocks in august    epic win 
"dear lungs, i know we've had our differences    we hurt each other, alot  can we just get along from now on though? i'll try and treat you better if your less, well, painful "
i need to go to burning man  my soul needs rejuvinated 
goodbye mr  smiles  hello stranger 
sparticus is an epic fucking tv show  it's got alot of balls  literally 
no more cigarettes!!! fuck you you cruel ass capitalist addiction 
evil cigarettes ahhh!!! 3 days    i already want to kill everyone 
fuck  your  couch 
musinex i love you 
i have officially sold my soul for you queens of the stone age  we both should have known it would come to this 
"alright, i've decided to become a conservative christian! hallelujah!"
one step closer to queens of the stone age epicness  thy will be done!!!
"i wish i had a dollar for everytime someone told me they were going to do something, then didn't "
i have a queens of the stone age ticket woohoo!
"??? ????? ???? ???? ????, ??? ??? ?? ???"
4 days 'til some homme love  sofuckingexcited 
new job wednsday new job wednsday! praise the metal gods!!!
"all hail april, the new best month ever!"
"<propfirst> raimi directed spartacus, no wonder it's so badass "
fuck i totally have that new job smell today    how long does this last? like a month?
\thanks for the kind words," rock\"" \"11b3dcac9ca1cbfc9e4660f0d126e5c9,it feels weird to be simultaneously happy for a new job and sad to have to give up the old one   
